THE PROCLAIMING QUEEN VICTORIA Pursuant to the Government notice from the Colonial Secretary's office of the 26th Instant, on Friday last the Royal Standard was displayed at sun rise from Dawes's Battery, and in front of Government house, half staff high. About 1 1 o'clock, the troops in garrison under the com- mand of Colonel Wodehouse, of H. M. 50th Regiment were marched to the domain, and drawn up in line on the lawn in front of Government house. The proclamation by the Governor and Civil Officers, &c;, given elsewhere, announcing the accession of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. to the throne of the British Empire, having been previously signed by His Excelloncy, the Judges, the Clergy, the Civil and Military Officers, and some of the principal Inhabitants of the Colony, was brought out into the verandah of Govern ment House at 12 o' Clock, and read by the Sheriff, at the conclusion of which three hearty cheers were given by the assembled spectators for Her Majesty's long and prosperous reign. A royal salute was immediately fired from Dawes's Battery, in honor of the auspicious event ; and the colors of the 50th Regiment, (or Queen's own,) were lowered under a general salute, and the royal standards were hoisted to the staff head. The military then fired a feu-de- joie, the band playing the national anthem at each discharge of the musketry, and at the, conclusion of this por tion of the ceremony, the soldiers gave three cheers in honor of their new Sovereign. The procession then moved off through Bridge-street, and up George-street, to the Police Office, in the following order, viz, A detachment of the mounted police under the command of Major Nunn. The Band, and a division of the 50th regiment. A number of the Inhabitants of Sydney, at tired in mourning, and walking three deep. The Attorney General, and several members of both branches of the legal profession. Several Magistrates of the Territory. '. Officers of the Commissariat Department. Civil Officers of the Government. The Clergy. The Judges. Members of the Legislative Council. Members of the Executlve Council. The procession was flanked by detachments of the 4th and 80th Regiments, and the remaining division of tho 50th Regiment, with the colors of ' the latter corps. ... On arriving at the Police-officc, the Sheriff again read the Proclamation, the Military once more saluted, and tbe ceremony terminated. Moat of the shops in the principal streets of the Town, were cither wholly or partially closed during the day. At the conclusion of the ceremony, a general salute was fired from Dawes's Battery, und from the Rcvenue Cutter lying off Macquarie fort. The shipping in the harbour, also dis played their gayest apparel on the occasion. In the afternoon the Colonial Proclamation, as well as two other Proclamations of Her Majesty upon her accession to the Throne, were posted in the most conspicuous parts of the Town, for general information. These latter instruments contained the usual admonition for the suppression of vice and immorality, and encouragement of piety and virtue, issued at the commencement of every uew reign ; as well as the customary order for con tinuing all government offioers in their respective situations for six months, unless sooner suspended; nnd furnishing the necessary instructions for the alteration in the Liturgy. THE THEATRE. — Mr. Deane took his benefit on Thursday evening last, and judging from the very full attendance with which he was favored, Mr. Deane must have derived at much profit, as his audience derived pleasure from the evening's entertainment. We heartily congratu- late him on this flattering, but well-merited ac- knowledgment of his claims to Public favor and support. His Excellency the Governor and several families of distinction had engaged boxes for the evening, but were of course prevented attending by the intelligence of the death of the King. Mr. Deane however was in a pecuniary point of view a gainer by this disappointment, as he received the amount for the boxes which had been engaged, and left them available for the casual visitors ; though we are quite sure that this did not at all reconcile Mr. Denne to the disappointment he must have felt at the absence of such distinguished patronage. The opening piece was an interesting little Drmna, called tli« ('?Minletoe Dough,' this of couwe is nothing mnro Itliuu a scenic representation of tho popular tradi tion und ballad on that Mibjcct, which is among Itho earliest of our juvenile rcmlnlsiiencei. lAbundttuoo of npplauso was given to it, but (whether intended lor tho author or tho aetors wo Lannot determine— wo presume for both. In the IcourHo of tho piece Miss Lazar performed a dance from "La Sylphade" most gracefully. The choice part however of the evening's entertainment was the Musical Melange that followed. Mrs. Clarke sang 'Bid me discourse,' but we cannot speak of it with unqualified praise— she is manifestly a good musician, sings in tune, has some very fine notes, and an excellent shake, but there is a lifelessness, and a want of general expression In her songs which we think she might easily correct. Her triplets in the above song instead of flowing as they ought, "as Wave into Wave," were labored and too strongly marked. This lady also sung "Batti, batti" which we really think with a little study she could sing well— always bearing in mind that it is the "Soul of Song" which distinguishes the performer and delights the hearer. The duet "My pretty Page" by Mrs. Clarke and and Master Deane was loudly encored. Mr. Deane, with Ins daughter and two sons, each with a guitar, sang the Glee., "The Swiss Boy," and a highly interesting performance it was. We cannot but envy Mr. Deane the pride and satis- faction he must feel in looking round on his family and seeing the successful results of the care he has bestowed in cultivating the musical capabilities with which they seem by nature to be gifted. We cannot speak too admiringly of Miss Deane's Piano forte performance— the upper notes of the instrument being flat, scarcely al- lowed her to do justice to herself. Master Deane's Solo, (nel cor piu) on the Violoncello was really admirable. We have frequently ad- mired him, but we never heard him play with a taste and mastery over his instrument at all ap- proaching to his efforts on Thursday evening. He has evidently been a vigilant observer of our musical cynosure Mr. Wallace, and from his ef- forts to imitate him, he displays a perception of what is excellent, which leads us to anticipate very highly of him. The finale to this well selected melange was the Corinthian capital to the pillar. Mr. Wallace played a solo on the Violin, introducing the air of ''Ye Banks and Braes." As we presume that there is no reader of the Australian who has not heard Mr. Wallace, we think it quite sufficient to say that he played, to enable them to fill up the measure of the gratifi- cation he imparted to his audience. Mr. Wallace, we perceive gave his services gratuitously on this occasion, a professional liberality which we should be glad to see more generally cultivated. The amusements of the evening were closed by the humorous farce of "My husband's ghost," in which the audience seemed to discover some capital jokes. Mr. Deane seemed to have spared no pains to make his entertainment at- tractive and agreeable, and we were very pleased to see his exertions so successfully rewarded. On Monday last, a race cameon on the] Cownasture Road, between a dark bay Mare be-B longine to Mr Petirigale, the dealer, and a ches-1 nut Mare belonging to Mr John Campbell of 1 Harrington Park, which was eaBily won by the] dormer, the Mare carrying both heats. ? It is expected that the Sale of Colonel] Wilson's Effects, at Spencer Lodge.To-morrowJ will prove the most attractive that has yet takenl nlace in the Colony, 'not more on acconnt of thel Choice description ? of the Furniture, and the! ?interest taken by the public in the circumstances! which have forecd the worthy Magistrate tol ?dispose of his elegant Furniture to meet the| ?expenses in the ex pnrto case of Hanna InghsJ thin from a. prevailing curiosity to obtain a yiewi /of the scene where the occurrence took place.! /All the beauty .and fashion of Sydney will bol present— and even, the plain, if once seen inl 'Brudlm't Slumi, may hope to be called proposal messing, at least, by the best judges, in future. I A case of conspiracy occupied the atten-l ition of the .Police bench on Saturday last. Mr.l Charles F. Beilby, son of Mr. Charles DeilbyJ lately carrying on a mercantile establishment inl Ocorge-street, and whose property was lately madel ?over to certain. of his creditors by deed of assign-l tnont, for equal distribution, was brought up byl warrant before H. C. Semplll, Esq., J. P., charged] ?with conspiring with certain other persons who] -were also in attendance on the Court upon sum-] worn, but whose cases were .not gone into in con-] sequence of, the absence, of witnesses, with intent] ?to defraud. Mr. Bcllby's creditors, of the pro-] perty so assigned over to them. It appeared] that shortly after, the assignment was executed,] Mr. G. S. Tuoker, one of the. assignees, went to] Mr. Beilby's late stores, to take possession of thel property, and nmong other things, was about tos take charge of. a writing-desk containing some! mpers, when . he was interrupted by Mr. C. F.r Beilby, who. claimed them as his own private! property. .Mr. .Tucker .however persisted inl liking them, when the documents turned out tol he a series of written instructions from the father! to the' son, moat. of them without date or signa-J ture, respecting the disposition of his affairs andl property. From a clue obtained through means) of these papers, tho retreat of Mr. Beilby, senr.l was discovered to be. at. Middle Harbour, and! upon tho creditors proceeding thither, they ob-J tainecl goods ta n considerable amount belonging! to the estate, which, had been clandestinely ra-j moved there. -Tlio case was remanded for further! iavestigation until to-morrow. Messrs. Cnrr and] Hogers are the solicitors for the Assignees; and Mr. A' Beckett. nppears on behalf of one of the] defendants,. and Mr. Lindo for the other two. Thehnlf yearly inspection of Her Ma jesty's 50th Regiment, (or Queen's own.) takes place this morning in Hyde Park, before His Ex ?celleney; tho.Lieutenant-Generalcommanding. In ithe evening, the Governor will dine with Colonel Wodnhouse and the Officers of tho garrison. We understondthe Fifty Tuns Sperm Oil . advertized ? by Mr Polack for Sale, To morrow, at the King's Wharf, is brought to the hammer, and to be sold without any reserve, in order to enable the Captain to meet the demnntls agalnat him for tho various disbursements made ?during a two years voyage. The vessel that brought in the Oil belongs to the Port of London.! The monthly muster of Tickets-of-leave] will take placo to-morrow (Wednesday), at tho ,usual places, for the District of Sydney. Ship News. The, William Nicbl arrived hero on] Triday last, from the Isle of Sky, having on] 'hoard 311 emigrants, under the superintendancej ?of George Roberts, Esq., Surgeon, R. N. This] .is the first vessel that has been chartered by thel English ? Government for the conveyance of] Highlanders to this Colony, and we are happy to . «tnte that the whole of them have arrived in the] most healthy condition. They consist of the] 'following description of ' trades, vizt — Farm ?overseers 2';' farm servants 10; farm servants -and stockmen 21 ; shepherds 19 ; blacksmiths 2; carpenter* 2 f cooper 1 i carttvright and] miller 1 ! stone mason 1 ; Tailor 1. I We learn by the William Nicol, that the Midlothian was to sail in nil July with seventy families. for. this port, from the Isle of Sky, and that tho i'lii-tfam/ was to sail from Grccnook, for this ptaco about three .weeks. after tlte H'iHium Nical left. ' . '.'. The Tamer Bteamer having completed her repairs went round the harbour yesterday to -try her new boiler, and resumed her trips to the Hunter last evening. The Lady Lett h_ arrived here on Satur day afternoon, from a whaling voyage.- She had| ..been out since November, 18;i'-, and returned' with 050 barrels oil. She spoke tho HarrhU How; eight' months out with 400 barrels and the U'illi.tm, Frith, with 400 barrets. The William' the Fourth steamer from] Newcastle on Friday list, ? reports ? tho cuttor; ? ./fii/n, belonging to' Mr Chapman, as having been tlrivun in among the rocks at Port Stephens a perfect wreck, and 'also that the whole of the orew wore lost. Tho Jeiit* was we understand chartered by Mr Uowoll of George street, and was filled with goods for an establishment which ho intended opening at Newoustle. Extract of a letter from thti master of 4ho brig Imbella, dated Entry Island, October 3 — ' Imniedliitoly on leaving Sydney Heads wo were put under close-reefed topsails, and for nix -\ays afterwards had gales from the southward— On tho 10th, the wind dropped and muilu more mill. I was ill in bed nt the time I discovered a strong sulphurous, smell in the ship; on pro ceeding on deck I observed the heavcitH com pletely darkened by a dense body of clouds which were colleutlng for ntmtifc twenty four hours — All hands were onlured aloft to shorten anil — and In hauling in the mainsail — the stuwurd wont to thti lnrhaard Imntllno | lit that moinuut an awful peel of thunder burst ovur our huuds. Tho lightning struok tho main top.gutlnnt nuut-huad, ran duwn tho top-tntist to tho chain-peak tin, tlinu struck the utiforttmnto steward, who con ducted it to tho oliaiii cable, and left the nhlp through tho looker ami hawser holo. The steward's clothes were completely burnt from his Imdy, mid from IiIh ncok to his lieul on tho loft vidn he was must horribly scorched. I have done t'.vury thing I could to nlluviuto bin di-oadful KiifTcrlnga, but ho anunot llvu beyond to-morrow. 1 was agreeably astonished to And that the ship was nut damaged, notwithstanding the lightning almost enveloped the ship.' Tho Sea Wllvli brings word that the unfortunate steward died a.'tnr the date of tills letter, and was buried nt CunlU.— //,inM. 