©2 JESVX37&. Harmless mirth is the best cordial against the consumption of the spirits; wherefore jesting is not unlawful if it trcspasseth not in quantity, quality, or season. It is good to make a jest, but not to mane a trade of jesting. — The Earl of Leicester, knowing that Queen Elizabeth much de lighted to see a gentleman dance well, brought the master of a dancing-school to dance before her : "It is," said the Queen, " his profession, I will not see him." She liked not where it was a master quality, but where it attended on ether perfections. The same we say of jesting. Jest not with the two-edged sword of God's word. — Know the whole art is learnt at the first admission, and profane jests will come without calling. If without thy intention and against thy will, by clmnce- medly thou hittest scripture in ordinary discourse, vet fly to tire city of refuge, and pray God to forgive thee. Wanton jests make J'ools laugh, and wise men frown. — Seeing we are civilised Eng lishmen, let us not be naked savages in our talk; such rotten speeches are worst in withered age. Let not thy jests like mummy be made of dead men's flesh. — Abuse not any that are departed ; for to wrong their memories is to rob their ghosts of their winding sheets. Scoff not at the natural defects of any which are not in their power to amend. — Oh 'tis cruel to beat a cripple with his own crutches ; neither flout any for his profes sion, if honest, though poor and painful ; mock not a cobler for his black thumbs. lie that relates another man's wicked jest with delight, adopts it as his own. — Purge them therefore from their poison. If the profanencss may be severed from the wit, it is like a lamprey, take out the sting in the back, it may be good meat. But if the staple conceit consists in profaneness, then it is a viper, all poison, and meddle not with it. He that will lose his friend for a jest, deserves to die a beggar by the bargain. — Yet some think their conceits, like mustard, not good except they bite. We read that all those who were born in England, in the year after the beginning of the great mor tality, 1349, wanted their four cheek teeth. Such let thy jests be, that they may not grind the credit of thy friend, and make not jests so long till thou bccomest one. — Abridged from Fuller. 