EXTRACTS. Liverpool Wool Market, Oct. 1. Foreign Wool has been in fair request during the week. The sale of New South Wales by auction last week has supplied the more pressing wants of the trade. The ris- ing importance of Liverpool, as a market for wool, is becoming every day more con- spicuous. The imports up to the present time are nearly double the whole of the I'm- ports in the year, 1835. and are nearly two thirds greater than those up to the corres- ponding time last year. During the pre- sent week the imports amount to 2,326. — Odessa, fine, 2s. to 3s 6d. ; Portugal, R. , 17d. to 19d.; ditto, low marks, 12½d. to 14½d. ; Spanish, R., 2s. 6d. to 2s. 9d. ; ditto, F S. 2s. 2d. to 2s. 4d. ; German fleeces, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 6d.; ditto, assorted, 2s. 6d. to 2s. 9d.; ditto, lambs, 2s 6d. to 3s. 6d. New South Wales, 2s. 4d. to 3s. ; Russian wool, 8½d to 9½d.; Buenos Ayres, 4d. to 5½d. ; Mogadore and Barbary , 4½d to 6d. washed Peruvian, 14d. to 16d.; washed ditto, 11d. to 12d. Import for the week, 3,226 bales; previously this year, 33,355 ditto. Scotch Wool, has partaken of the pre- sent prevailing dulness. There is very little business doing at present, and this state of inactivity is likely tocoulimiu according to present appearances. During the week, 410 lingo Imve come to hand, which consii tutclln. imports of the w..,k. —Laid High imd ivool. 12*. Oil to 13s. 3d. ; white ditto, 5*. Gd. to lfJs. «d.; luid Galloway ditto, 13*. to 14*.; wlritediuo, I7s.4d.io ISs. (3d.; washed crossttl Cheviot,*, ditto, ISs.Gd. to 19s. Gd. ; unwashed dittos 15a. to IGs.' Gd.; unwashed ditto, 20s. to2ls. ; -washed ditto, 23s. to 30*.; white ditto, 32s. to 40s.; ditto white combing skin ditto, 23s. to 24s. ; ditto grey ditto, 15s. to 18s. Imports this week, 410 bags ; imports this year, 14,891 ditto. English Wool, of which there is very little in this market, has been without de mand. The market is very flat, and the few small sales effected have been made at a sacrifice. Combing fleeces, 20d. to 22d. ; down ewes and wethers, 20d. to 21d. ; ditto tegs, 22jd. to 24d. ; miper. skin, 19d. to 20d.; head ditto, 17d. to 19d. ; combing skin, I8d. to 20d. Irish Wool is nominal in price, with scarcely any thing doing. A large lot of Irish hog wool sold towards the close of Jaat week at 194tl. ; wethers at present are offering at 17£d. We have received 55 bags during the week from the other side of the Channel. Prices. — Irish fleeces, mixed lots, 17£d.to 18£d.; ditto wethers, 17d. to 17-]Ld. ; ditiohogs, 19d. to20d. ; ditto com bing skin, I6d. to 17d. ; ditto short skin, 14£d. to 16£d. Import for the week, /55; previously thi3 year, 4,932. We give the following particulars of the unfortunate loss of the fine Ship Windsor, from the Calcutta Courier of the 31st ult., and the 1st September. ' Tho following extract from a latter just rocoived from tho Purser of tho Windsor, will explain the cir cumstances of tho loss of that fine Ship. Wo under ?tund thnt tho Ship. Freight and Cargo are nil insured in London. So the Offices do not sulfur by the disnster : ' Onboard the Asseer^hur Pilot Brig, 30lh Auguit. ' Tho poor Windsor is ntotul wrock, having struck yesterday afternoon irt tho lower purt'of tlio Gasper Channel ; immediately afterwards wo found fivo fact water in tho hold, iind at tho next sounding, fourteen ; so that any nttompt to lighten tho ship by throwing cargo overboard became hopeless, nnd iiiueod, by the time the Launch and Yawl wero hoisted out, we had just tinio to snvo ourselves, ns tits sea wus making a breach over the upper dock. We wero unnble to rescue n single article from tho wreck, nnd are hero onboard tho Pilot Brig, just ns wo stand, some of us without jackets, others without hats, or shoes. Through God's mercy we have all escaped with our livos, except a poorwoman, Miss Blcnkin'sservnnt, whowasdrownnd liy tho swamping of thn stern boat. Tho poor ludios have borne up wonderfully well — of course, the first ihing was to place them In'safcty, nnd they were got out the Ship n very short tinio lifter shn struck; '? Thn wholo business was like a dream, from which I seemed struggling to awake, and it wiis only thin morning wln-n wo saw our good Ship lying over on her brondsidu, when the stumps of her musts just ubovo wntor, t Ii kit 1 could convince myself that the Windsor is indued no more. — Cut, Courier, Aug. 31. "Scott's Gazette give the following ad- ditional particulars respecting the loss of the unfortunate Windsor : "the Windsor, it appears, was lost in mid channel at the lower part of the Gasper Sand ; the lower buoy N. by W. ½ West, Floating Light Vessel N. by E. ; lower middle ground buoy S. E. When the vessel first took the ground, the lower buoy of the Gasper bore west, but she went on a little distance, and at 4.30 p.m. stuck fast when the bearings were taken as above. She then began to settle and by 6 p.m. the upper deck was under water. All the persons on bourd were saved, by the buoy vessel we believe; but not a shred of property. The masts of the ship being above water, render the wreck sufficiently con- spicuous at present; but as soon as these are carried away, we suppose that it will be requisite to place a buoy on the spot. There was one person drowned, as we reported yesterday, but only one, which is a very remarkable circumstance and most creditable to the Captain and his Officers, and also to the steadiness of the crew, con- sidering how quickly the sliip bilged, and that there were about 120 people on board. The individual lost was an European female servant ; she was supported for some time in the water by a sailor, who was almost drowned in the endeavour to save her, and was car- ried a great distrince by the tide before he was picked up. All the Passengers, Officers, and Crew of the Windsor, arrived at Calcutta in the Asseerghur Pilot Vessel at 3 o'clock this morning." — Calcutta Courier, September 1. Emigration to South Australia. — On Tuesday last, sailed from Gravesend, for Adelaide, in the new colony, the "John Renwick", a fine ship of 500 tons burden. This vessel contains 131 emigrants of the following description : 37 young married couples, having 32 young children ; 9 young bachelors, and 7 young spinsters, some of whom are expected to marry on the passage ; 2 carpenters, of maturer age, engaged to superintend the erection of forty wooden houses, which constitute the principal cargo of the ship; and lastly, cabin-passengers, viz. Mr. and Mrs. Wyatt, late of Plymouth, Captain Berkeley, late of the 60th Regiment, his lady, and her sister, Mr. Oakden, the nephew of Osmond Gilles, Esq., Colonial Treasurer of South Australia, and Mr. Field. This ship will be followed in about three weeks by the South Australia, now at Plymouth, the property of the South Australian Company, and is to remain in the Colony. The main deck of the John Renwick is entirely fitted up with separate cabins, each containing two persons; and the scale of provisions for the emigrants, with medical stores and attendance, is the same as in the Coromandel, another emigrant ship, chartered by the Colonization Commissioners for South Australia, of which we gave a particular account some weeks ago. Intelligence has been received from Rio and the Cape of Good Hope of the ships which sailed early in the year; and it is presumed that some of those, including, the Rapid, commanded by Colonel Light, the Surveyor-General, have been some time in the colony. The John Renwick is the thirteenth ship that has been dispatched since March, and will be followed by several others before the end of the year. Five of these vessels belong either to the Govern- ment or to settlers in the colony, and will remain there for the purpose of nautical surveying, whale-fishing, and trade. The gross receipts at the Liverpool Festival amount to about £9,000. The "Mark Lane Express", in allusion to the wheat crops in Norfolk, Sussex, Essex, and Kent, the four counties on which the Metropolis mainly depends for its supply, states that "the straw is decidedly short in bulk, but that the sheaves in thrashing have yielded a larger return than was anticipated." The Late Shrievalty of David Salomons, Esq. — On the last day of the late shrievalty, thanks haying been voted by the livery at Guildhall to the sheriff's, Mr. Salomons addressed the meeting in the following manner : — Brother Liverymen and Fellow-citizens — I appear before you for the purpose of rendering up to you an account of the trust you have done me the honour the repose in me, and it is with the highest pleasure I witness, this testimony of your approbation of my conduct during my year of office. I thank, you from my heart 'for the liberal feeling which, you have uniformly evinced towards me. You have placed me under obligation by giving me as a colleague so excellent a gentleman as Alderman Lainson, by whose powerful aid I have been enabled to discharge my share of the duties of the shrievalty to your satisfaction. The situation in which I was plnced wns a novel one. The prejudices which in former times existed against person of my religion, have as in the circumstunces of my election to the shrievalty testify, given way to an enlightened liberality ; and in so far as your kindness has operated to banish those prejudices, I am bound to you by the strongest ties of gratitude. I am grateful to you for having brought me forward, and enabled me to look my fellow-citizens full in the face — for having made me instrumental to the counter- action of that exclusive principle which has existed so long against the members of the faith which I embrace. In reverting to the details of my past office, I cannot accuse myself of the vice of drawing any distinction between the rich nnd the poor. It was sufficient for me to know that there was distress to convince me of the obligations of religion as to its relief, and it is n matter of high gratification to me to feel the approval of my own conscience; in a course which had, as to the dispensation of aid to those who wanted it, no exclusive objects in view. On another point, I cannot help say ing that I feel painfully. — When I look lo the legal separation which still exists be tween me and my fellow subjects who are not of the same religion, I confess that I feel myself to be in a state of degradation — (Loud cries of ?? No, no.') I feel it, not withstanding the unanimous encouragement which I receive at your hands, for knowing that in the eye of the Deity, all men are upon an equality, it grieves and revolts me to see that distinctions are made amongst men merely upon the ground of religion. — (Loud cheering.) No man has a right to set up his private opinion as a bar to the good of the community — no man has a right to plead religious interdict to be prevented from participating in the rights and privileges of those around him. I repeat, that I feel deeply grateful to you, my fellow citizen, and I assure you that I shall be always ready and anxious to do all in my power for the service of this great community. — (Cheers.) . Lord John Russell has communicated to the Judges at the Central Criminal Court, an order in Council, dated 21st September, directing that ' the Gaol of Newgate shall henceforth be appropriated only for the re ception of prisoneis before trial, and that convicted prisoners shall be imprisoned in the General Penitentiary.' At tho Bow-street Office, on Monday, a private in the Scotch Fusilcer Guards wns sentenced to four months' imprisonment, for attempting to stab two policemen with his bayonet. The soldier was drunk. Parliament was prorogued by commission (in Thursday, to the 20th of December. Lords Cottenham, Melbourne, Langdale, and Holland, were present at the ceremony. Dr. Charles Thomas Longley was for mally gazetted Bishop of llipon on Tues day. The Gazette of tho same day an nounced the appointment of Sir Lionel Smith to be Governor of Jamaica ; of Sir Kvan Macgregor, to be Governor of Bar badoes, St. Vincent, Grenada, and Tobago; of Sir James Carmiehel Smith to be Gover nor of British Guiana ; and of Messrs. Charles Shaw Lefevree, Edwin Chadwick, and Colonel Reman, to be Commissioners for inquiring into the best means of esta blishing an efficient constabulary force in England and Wales. Mr. Justice Pattcsonisabouttorctirefrom the Court of Kings' Bench, on account of his deafness. lie will probably be succeeded by Sir Robert Kolfo, the Solicitor- General. One of the vacant insignia of tho Bath has been bestowed on Major- Guneral now Sir William Thornton. A party were play ing whilst at one of the Club-houses, and when one of the players, u noble lord, had shuttled the curds, Mr. ? placed his hand on the pack, and called for the groom porter. When the latter en tered the room, Mr. ? desired him to bring paper, wax, and tape. Those were brought and Mr. — '? — then directed the waiter to xcul up the packet, ancl keep it until the next day, and then lay it before the Committee. At six next morning', the noble lord left town for the. Netherlands. — Morning Post The elopement from the neighbourhood of one of the Royal Palaces, of a young lady related to a noble Duke, with a pcison in humble life, which has gune ilio round of the p;ipcr«, turns out to be no elopement at all, but a regular-arranged marriage be t ween Miss Manners, of Kempt on Park, near Hampton Court, and Mr. Stapleton the fishmonger, of iSghum, whose fine, person and good looks had attracted much notice in tlio neighbourhood. The bride is one of the daughters of Mr. Manners, a descendant of nn illegitimate son of o'nn of the Dukes of Rutland, and has resided for many years at Lempton Park. It is slid that Mr. Simpleton is in a large way of business, to which it seems, his fair partner now entirely devotes herself. — Brighton Guardian. The King of tho Bu-lgiuns is at present at Paris. The ostensible- motive for his visit is to talk over iho marriage of the Princess Mary With Louis Phillip. ? The wifu of un admiral, now on a foreign station, was lined five shillings by the Ken siniiton Mitgislratus, on Tuesday, for being drunk on Sunday -evening. She had been drinking brandy and water ut Hammersmith, und was found on the road attempting to drive her pony chaise, but loo much intox icated to huld the ruins. Sir Hussey Vivian has accepted the invi tation of the- (£t\sl Cornwall Whims' to be come a candidate .for their division of the comity, upon the conditions that Sir Wil liam Trelawiiy's election shall not be en d.ingoicd thereby, arid thai his own return is put boyond doubt. An agent of Lord Eliot arrived ut Meva gis.iey onn evening last week : on hearing which, .ti noted Mulbrmcr ordered the town crier to proclaim that a Tory hud arrived in the Town, und cautioned them all to be careful how they promised their votes. The people were thus put on their guard, and the agent had but ulehdar auocew, — Fal- mouth PuuKet. Aye of thu World. — In relation to the recent remnrk- of Dr. Buclcland, tlfcit the world i* many thousand yenrs old, which has caused, as might be expected, n grent deal of controversy amongst the learned, a con espondent inquires of us, what is meant by a day ? — seeing, he observes, that a day now means one revolution of the created earth on its axis, and it was not at the very beginning created. A writer in the Stan dard, he says, observes that the creation took place ' during six daily revolutions of the sun;' but as the sun does not revolve round the earth, his explanation goes for nothing. Our correspondent snys, that per haps the learned writer in the Standard means, by a revolution of the sun, that motion in this luminary which modern' as tronomers believe they have discovered, but which is of such incalculable duration that no element is yet known by which the litr.e of the revolution can be ascertained. The sun is supposed to describe an orbit of its own, carrying with it all the planets which constitute our system ; but if the learned writer in the Standard means this revolution of the sun, the duration of which is as yet utterly incalculable, how much does he strengthen the view taken by Dr. Buck land ! If he mean an ordinary day, our correspondent wishes to be informed how the length of that was to be ascertained before the earth, the revolution of which on its axis is what determines the length of one day, was created ? Definition of a Tory. — We pity a man for being a Tory in these times; ho i* a poor creature that the march of events has left behind ; a duck legged drummer boy, who cannot keep up with his regiment; he is a being of a bygone age, singing an old song, telling a forgotten tale ; his mind is hung with cobwebs ; he is the prrterpluper fect tense of politics ; nn from extract the lumber room, where we have long since thrown our ghosts, witches, and alchymists. The Tea Trade. — Yesterday but little business was done in the tea trade. The clearance Ia3t week exceeded 480,0001bs. 