EXTRACTS STATE DRESSES OF THE QUEEN VIC- TORIA. Our lady readers may be curious to know how Her Majesty was dressed. The Queen's state robes have been manufactured. There is a state robe for great occasions that is, the coronation, and for meeting the Parliament. The train consists of the richest crimson velvet, eight yards long, lined with miniver ermine, and three borderings of gold lace ; it is held upon each side by three pages or ladies in waiting, the Duchess of Kent presiding at the extreme end. The weight of this robe is, we understand, 2016. The under state robe is a robin of crimson velvet, lined with the richest Persian silk. The skirt, body, and hanging sleeves are trimmed round with a narrow bordering of ermine, and three rich borders of gold lace, narrower than that on the grand scale robe. The back of the body is beautifully embroidered in gold (oak) leaves, the sleeve in particular is curious, being cut in the same fashion as that worn by Queen Anne Boleyn. Round the waist of the robe is a flat gold chain, in front of which are two long ends, finished by slender gold tassels; this is worn over a rich white satin dress embroidered with gold. The robe for the order of the Bulli, worn on the ceremony of creating a knight of that order, is of rich crimson satin, lined with rich silk ; the star is worn on the left side e broidered on the satin ; this manteau is looped up, in order to show the sleeve. But the robe for the ceremony of creating a Knight of the Garter is one of the most superb ornaments ever designed ; it consists of the richest dark purple velvet, lined with rich white silk ; it is made in the same form as that of the Order of the Bath, and the star affixed in the same style ; there was a small round cape running round the top of this mantle ; it is lined with white satin ; this is hooked on the top of the low dress, which is worn under- neath-the riband passes from the right shoulder and fastens at the waist ; the garter, with the motto " Honi soit qui mal y pense" elegantly embroidered, is worn upon the arm, the orders and medals worn at the end of the ribands belonging to the Orders of the Bath and of the Gar- ler ore now being made smaller, as the weight of the former ones used was found inconvenient to Her Majesty at the prorogation of Parliament. The state robe is always kept in a splendid crimson velvet bag, trimmed round with rich lace ; it is drawn by most sumptuous gold and purple tassels. The bag is lined with while silk. It is generally conveyed to the House of Lords in a state carriage, and under the care of three officers of state. \- - The bag, the crown, and the sceptre are taken together. Times, November, 19. A GHOST. There is at present a case in progress in the Sheriff's Court at Edinburgh, the circumstances of which are as unaccount- able astheyareof rare occurrence. A military gentleman and his family became tenants of a house at Newhaven, and for some time occupied the premises without being subjected to any annoyance ; but at length they began to be disturbed by strange noises issuing from different parts of the building. At first little attention was given to ascertain the cause ; however the noise been are so loud, and the intervals of peace so short, that the tenant thought ¿."""".i." an investigation into the cause of the dis *. turbaned could no longer be delayed at -ifr^uiiuMngly.,\Kflli»i> was kept at the place where the sounds in general proceeded from but no discovery could be made. The floor was torn up when they thought the noise proceeded from that quarter, and the lath and plaster was pulled down when the invisible being was heard in the wall, yet nothing could be seen, nor could the cause of the mysterious sounds be found out. When the spirit spoke from the roof, a blunderbuss was fired through the ceil- ing, but neither shrieks followed the report, nor a drop of blood issued from the wounded plaster. The Tenant brought his brother officers to hear the noise and endeavoured to find out the cause ; but their united efforts were exerted in vain, nothing could induce them to believe that mortal man was the cause of the disturbance, and the devil was blamed for playing them a trick. A daughter of the tenant lay indisposed in a bed in one corner of the room in which the sounds were most frequently heard, and at one time it was imagined that she might, by some means or other produce the unaccountable noise, but, after watching her very narrowly, removing her about from one place to the other, and even engaging her in a conversation during the continuance of the sounds, they were convinced that she was entirely guiltless, and at last the tenant concluded that the noise proceeded from the troubled spirit of a friend deceased. The case was entered before the Sheriff, so that a judicial examination of the house might take place, and witnesses have been brought forward who swear to hearing the sounds. At one time something resembling the crowing of a cock, they say, was heard, and at other times the invisible spirit imitated the cries of various animals, but the whole story still remains a mystery. Times, November 10. A PETTICOAT PATRIOT-DUBLIN ELECTION.-The following humourous, fact may be adduced as an instance of the description of voters which composed the majority of Messrs. O'Connell and Hutton at the last election, and a proof of the necessity of a parliamentary committee to inquire into the pecuniary qualification of a voter, but also Mr sex of the individual, A well-looking, rosy-cheeked woman, named Rose Harford, appeared before the magistrates of the head police, a day or two ago, and solicited a summons against a Mrs. Kennedy, who had, according to her statement, stolen her cloak, and had "taken up" with her husband. A summons was granted, and this day Mrs. Kennedy attended, when " the tables were turned. The aforesaid Rose Harford, being the person who had deprived the accused Mrs. Kennedy of her husband, and the cloak, which she stated had been stolen by the same Mrs. Kennedy, being in the possession and adorning the shoulders of her servant girl. Rose, after some hesitation, admitted that she was not married to Mr. Kennedy, and further, in answer to an accusation brought against her by Mrs. Kennedy's daughter, that she had dressed herself in the clothes of her deceased lord," placed a wig upon her head, which she surmounted with a hat produced the certificate, entitling her late husband to vote at the hustings, and voted for O'Connell and Hulton. Rose chuckled at the recollection of this great act of patriotism, and declared, by a name too sacred to be profaned, " that it was the only true part of her accused's story, and that she would do the same again, and why should she ? ANTWERP. Marshal Gerard, being lately in Belgium went to visit Antwerp, and presenting: himself at the gate of the citadel, begged leave to inspect it. The officer on duty asked if he had a permission from the Government, and the Marshal having any swered in the negative, was refused admission. The Marshal expressed his surprise, announced who he was, and said, that having been the captor of the place, he conceived he might be safely admitted. The officer, however, replied that were he the King himself, he could not allow him to pass without an order from the Minister of War. A person who was present immediately offered to go to Brussels and be back with the necessary order in two hours. The tender was accepted, and in the time mentioned the order was brought with instructions to the commandant to put 500 men under arms, and receive the Marshal with all military honours. This was done, and the Marshal was loudly cheered by the Belgian soldiers. DESTRUCTIVE CONFLAGRATION IN HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA.- Halifax was visited on Monday night, the 23rd of October, with one of the most destructive conflagrations that has occurred for a number of years. About 9 o'clock the alarm was given, and the fire was seen bursting from a house occupied by Mr. Frost, tailor, on the upper side of Water street, nearly opposite Collin's wharf. Fortunately the night was calm, the hour sufficiently early to secure a prompt attendance of the fire companies, and the military, with their engines ; but yet, with all the exertions that were made, the fire spread on either hand, and smote down all before it house after house blazed with a fearful splendour, and was consumed, until nothing but slacks of chimnies were left standing. The loss of real estate has been estimated about £20,000. The contents of nearly all the houses and stores were removed, because though the onward march of the flame was steady, from the height at which they originated, and the calmness of the air, it was not rapid. The destruction of property was very great, and one is only reconciled to a dispensation so severe by the reflection, that even in this great infliction by Divine Providence there has been much mercy. For nearly three weeks previous to Monday night very high winds prevailed here. Had the, fire occurred on any other evening within that period, it must have extended across the streets, and desolated the finest portions of the town. The loss to the insurance companies is thus divided: Halifax Fire Insurance Company, £2, (500 ; the Albion Fire and Life j Insurance Company, £1,300 ; the Hart- ] ford Company, £1,200; the Protection Company, £500, and £3,000 sterling in London. 