Original Correspondence. IDOLATRY. NO. X. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, I have shown that the heathen philosophers men possessed of the abilities and learning of their being, introduced into the Christian Church the worship of angels and dead men very early - the worship of angels even in the Apostles' days-the worship of dead men soon followed after. I have shown also that purgatory was also introduced by them. Justin Martyr also taught, in the second century, that man had a natural power over himself to do good or evil, saying that Anthropos call gatehouses. But Saint James tells us, that every good gift, and every perfect gift, is from above, and cometh from the father of lights, with whom there is no variableness nor shadow of turning of His own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of first fruits of his creatures, James i, 17, 18. Saint Peter says that God hath exalted Jesus with his right hand, to be a Prince and a Saviour, to give repentance and remission of sins to Israel, Acts v, 31. And Saint Paul tells us, that by grace of free favour we are saved through faith, and that not of our lives, it is the gift of God, Eph. ii, 8. And Saint Paul tells us, that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost, I Cor., xii, 3. It is well expressed by the xth article of our Church, " the condition of man, since the full of Adam, is such that he cannot tiVrn and prepare himself by his own natural strength and good works to faith, and calling upon God ; wherefore we have no power to do good works pleasant and acceptable to God, without the grace of God by Christ preventing us, that we may have a good will, and working with us when we have that good will." This error of Justin might appear small, but such is the nature of error in general, that the road is downward and this error was soon enlarged, so that Pelagius and Celestine, in the fifth century, taught that we derive no corruption from the fall of our first parents, but are born as pure and unspotted as Adam came out of the hands of his Creator. Pope Zosimus, in the year 417, pronounced in favour of these monks, declared them sound in the faith, and unjustly persecuted by their adversaries. Their errors had been condemned by the Councilor Carthage, in 12. The African Bishops, with Augustin at their head, little affected by this declara- tion of Pope Zosimus, continued perseveringly to maintain the judgment they had pronounced in this matter, and to strengthen it by their exhortations, their letters, and their writings. Zosimus yielded to the Africans, changed his mind, and condemned with the utmost severity Pelagius and Coelestins, whom he had honored with his approbation and covered with his protection. A new and different modification of doctrine was propagated by the monk Cassiau. He at their head, and others who followed him, attempted to fix upon a certain temperature between the doctrine of Pelagius and the opinion of Augustine, Bishop of Hippo, in Africa; and hence arose a new sect under the denomination of semi Pelagians. The doctrine of Augustine was that, in the work of conversion and sanctification, all was to be attributed to the power of the Holy Ghost, and nothing to human agency. The doctrine of Augustine prevailed long in the Church, and was never overruled until the Council of Trent virtually condemned it by their decrees ; nor did his followers receive any injury from the Pope or ruling powers until the reign of Louis XIV., of France, when they who kept their promotion were forced to recant their opinions, and their convent at Port Royal was taken flown, and the graves of the nuns dug up and their bodies carried elsewhere, I and those who did not conform to the declaration of Alexander the Seventh. Pope of that name, was banished from France, or rather fled to save their lives, and what property they could carry along with them. Thus the Church of Home treated her own children who were long cherished in her bosom and encouraged in their opinions by her. And yet, it'webdieve Mr. Ullathorne speaking or writing for himself and his brethren, the li Roman Catholic Church never changes her doctrine, nor ever attributes, or puts into the hands of the laity promiscuously translations of the sacred Scriptures without note or comment. I have suf- recently, by clear and authentic facts in my sixth letter, proved the falsehood of the latter position, and what I have detailed in this letter shows the falsehood of the former. The Semi Pelagian doctrine now prevails in the Church of Home, confirmed by the Council of Trent, the Augustine being persecuted end suppressed through the interest of the Jesuits. " The real presence (in the Eucharist), the Roman Catholics contend, has been believed by their Church from the earliest antiquity ; all the fathers unanimously held this principle :" yet Saint Augustine writes as follows :-" Si preemptive location at. an Jlagitium nut father's remains, and utilities nut beneßeientiam citizens, not est figurate. _ M arden agitator and facings vicleturjubere, and terminated and beneficient vetare, figurate est. Nisi maduca critics, inquit 'Christus, earned for hominis at an guineas Tiberius eyes, jwn habebitisvitam in wools ; facings vide.t'tturjuberc. Fi- gura est, ergo, precipices passions Do- mine case communicating, et suaviter atque winter recomending in memoria, quod pro nobis caro ejus crucifix est et vulnerable, de doctrine Christi" Lili. 3, home 3, p. 52 (Ed. Bened. Paris. 1685) In English thus " If a passage is receptive, in Scripture, and either forbids a crime or wickedness, or enjoins usefulness or charity, it is not figurative. But if it seems to commend a crime or wickedness, or forbid usefulness or kindness, it is figurative. Christ says, unless ye shall eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, ye shall not have life in you ; he appears to enjoin wicked- ness or a crime. It is a figure therefore, teaching us that we partake of the benefits of the Lord's passion, and that, we must sweetly and profitably treasure up in our memories that his flesh was crucified and wounded for us." Thus we see that Saint Augustine was not tainted with the abominable and idolatrous doctrine of the real corporal presence of Christ in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Augustine lived toward the end of the fourth century and beginning of the fifth. From this period there was a growing disposition toward the corporal presence among some of the fathers of the Church, which was as vigorously opposed by J others. Sometimes this controversy ceased and at other times was renewed, especially in the ninth century, when Pascasius Roadbert asserted this doctrine of terms nearly as absurd and unscriptural as the Roman Catii lies do at present ; but he was opposed by husbands Alaurus, Archbishop of Rentz, whose fame was great through all Germany and France; by Bertram who composed a treatise on this subject by order of Charles the Bold, Emperor of the West; by Heribald, and by Johannes Scotus, a native of Ireland. Nor was there any thing decisive decreed concerning this matter, but the opinions of the Doctors of the Church were extremely different about it, until the thirteenth century, when Innocent III put an end to this liberty of interpreting (which every Christian had hitherto enjoyed) this presence, in the manner he thought most agreeable to the declarations of Scripture, and he (Innocent) decided in favour of the most monstrous doctrine which the frenzy of superstition was capable of inventing. Tertullian, in the second century, says that the bread is a figure of Christ's body, and we can produce sufficient evidence to prove that the real corporal presence was not believed by the Anglo-Saxons, in the 9th century. Head Moslem and his authorities, and Rapin's History of England, 9th century; or, if you please, read Dupin's History, a Doctor of the Romish Church. 