-HAMVILET. The tragcldy offlamlet, is one of the best -productions of our immortal bard ;.and so long as English poetry and dramatic genius ,shall continue to be admired by English \- men, so long will this celebrated tragedy •-excite the applause of cultivated ,nind'. 'On-Saturday, the T'heatre opened with a -good house. On ''desdnay Hamlet was repeattd to ii very thin audience. We have •therefore to, ascribe the good house of. Saturday, to other causes than a wish to S-witness this splendid play; and we will add -without -mnc'h 'lualifitiation, the splendid acting of Mr. Knowles, and the superior Sacting ofMisis Winstanley ;'the t.wq chief characters w-ti?ih command the publici . .sympathies in witnessing this tragedy. -On Tuetdaw Knowles lost both his -huskiness, and the nervous exci'ement produced by t fiY Olrs't l'i,?;,rnema a s or -hlit-rotumn s`Froem · *'ngliand . his acting therefo e w;as more. cona?ilete in the ardunus and numterous scenes wvhith distinguirh this play. The " getting up" was good, as to the ,dresses, scenery, &c.; All appeared nc cording to rule, and the effect was highly .credituble both to tli. proup ictor and the ,company. WVe .saw t;the voung IRoscius" three times in the character of Hamlet. The critics all allo.-ed his " Norval" to be with out,an equal ; but -with respect to his -lHamlet, they were divided, some preferr ug John Kemble. The truth perhaps was, that Kemble being as mutch too old for the character as Mr. Betty was too young, some scenes were .erfornmed better by the latter, others by the former. We ne' er saw Kemble in lumlet ; a treat wlhioh we now regret. 'We thought we could see 'him any time ; and so we never saw hint at all. A codnmon occurrence. SWe:consider tha;t.if Mr. Kitowles's acting he inferior in some scenes to that of the young Roscius, it was bitter in others, and on the whole, he will bear a good com parison with him. • We do not presume to say ,we are com -petent Judges on this subject. \Ve merely state our opinion, and crave for our judg rnecnt the credit'df being as good as that of the critics in general of this colony To be a real judge of the drama, would require monre talent and expei;ence than we.profess to be possessed of. 'tie last time we st w the young Roscius in Hamlet, the H-on. Charles James Fox .was present. He appeared to be astonished 'With his performtuance, and occacionally .clapped his hands.; particularly in' the first interview.between Haumlet and his father's ghost. :Mr. Ftx's judgment as an elocu. .tionist we esteem to be paramount. . -b-'he-thin attendance on Tuesday, after the public' had-either seen or heard of Mr. K'nowles'a success on' the •previous Satur day, gives 'us a melanciholy view of the state of .dramatic taste in New South .:Walea,'favnured as it is with such superior -talents. Talents, we will here remark, not .-he less superior, nor to be'held cheapl! by S"the colonists because that the presence of sulperior actors and attresses happens to be a pure accident.; an in'lodked.for and extra S:ordinary accident., Yet-so it is. :Knowles's .lot is cast among us, and we shall be able * in him, to boast of a.first-rate actor, second -only to the fir.t actors in London. We -were not palled by the repetition of the -performance on 'Tuesday. And .-it -is a mnatter of, regret with us, to see-such apathy. towards the.great poet-in this English Co. :-ln-y. l'Te colonists seem to be as low in their 'taste int-this resl.ect as' they are in their -religion and patriptisin. ' We have coerced .and dwelt amonrg a prison population so lane , as to .haveicon tracted a -share of their vulgar propensities, We caunot;, it.appears 'rise 'higher in the.scale of civilizatitm and :refin'emteti; than a 'shrewd galculation of the lirOfits and losses between convict-and ': :'ill Coolie labour, and ,the bigotbted pro ,iensties of'religious Iolemies " Vhen ne-xtt we -se e Hamlet, -we may. p: tliaps .conmpar 'the actincig of Knowles Swith hlit -of the young ' Rltclus, Miss W'intinnlev's with Mrs. R. Johnstone's, "sud'r:'id? ?Cumerosi's :withl Mrs. Powel's'; but for the present we shall content our selves with quotiug the criticism on Ham let by the Editor of Shakspeare'se plays, as perfotmed at the Theatre "Royal, Lond ,n, and printed by Cumbnerland in 1629 Our 'desire is, to do the little which lies in onr ?power, to rxalt the Dranma ; and -particu larly the drama of our. great poet, by la)ing before .the public, and particularly our Australian youth, the opinions .thereon of men of eminence in -our native -land, who had heads to conceive, and hearts to feel, the elevations of the poet who ranks with. Homer and Virgil, and to shew, th!t h there are. pleasures in this life be-ides those which arise from. heavy fleeces, full car goes, and good bargains. 