POSTHUMOUS PAPERS OF THE PICKWICK CLUB. THE PICKWICKIANS. at Continued from our last.) CHAPTER X. Clearing up all doubts (if any existed of the disinterestedness of Mr. Bingle's character. " My eldest brother was troubled with that complaint," said Sam, " it may be catching-I used to sleep with him." " This is a curious old house of yours," said the little man, looking found him. " If you'd sent word you in as a coming, we'd have' had it repaired," replied the imperturbable Sam. The little man seemed rather baffled by these several repulses, and a short consultation took place between him and the two plump gentlemen. At its conclusion, the little man took a pinch of snuff from an oblong silver box, and was apparently on the point of renewing the conversation, when one of the plump Ten- seamen, who in addition to a benevolent countenance, possessed a pair of spectacles, and a pair of black gaiters, interfered " The fact of the matter is," said the benevolent gentleman, " that my friend here (pointing to the other plump gentleman, will give you half a guinea, is you'll answer one or two-" "Now, my dear sir my dear sir,'' said the little man, " pray allow me my dear sir, the very first principle to be observed in these cases, is this if you place a matter in the hands of a professional man, you must in no way interfere in the progress of the business ; you must repose implicit confidence in him. "-Really, Mr. (he turned to the other plump gentleman, and said) -I forget your friend's name." " Pickwick," said Wardle, for it was no other than that jolly personage. "Ah, Pickwick - really Mr. Pickwick, any dear sir, excuse me I shall be happy to receive any private suggestions of yours, as amicus curie, but you must see the impropriety of your interfering with my conduct in this case, with such an ad captandum argument, as the offer of half a guinea. Really, my dear sir, really," and the little man took an argumentative pinch of snuff, and looked very profound. " My only wish, sir," said Mr. Pickwick, " was to bring this very unpleasant matter to as speedy a close as possible." " Quite right quite right," said the little man. " With which view, continued Mr. Pickwick, " I made use of the argument which my experience of men has taught me is the most likely to succeed in any case." "Ay, Ay," said the little man, very food, very good, indeed j but you should have suggested it to me. My dear sir, I'm quite certain you cannot be ignorant of the extent of confidence which must be placed in professional men. If any authority can be necessary on such a point, my dear sir, let me refer you to the well-known case in Barnwell and-" " Never mind George Barnwell," interrupted Sam, who had remained a wondering listener during this short colloquy ; every body knows what sort of a case his was, the it's always been my opinion, mind you, that the young 'ooman /deserved-scragging a precious sight more than he did. However, that's neither 'here nor there. You want me to except of half a guinea. Werry well, I'm agreeable; I can't say no fairer than what, can I, sir ? (Mr. Pickwick smiled.) Then the next question is, what the devil do you want with me, as the man said wen he seen the ghost We want to know said Mr. Wardle. "Now my dear sir my dear sir," interposed the busy little man. Mr. Wardle shrugged his shoulders, and was silent. "We want to know," said the little man, solemnly, "and we ask the question of you, in order that we may not awaken apprehensions inside-we want to know who you've got in this house, at present" " Who there is in the house !" sad Barn, in whose mind the inmates were always represented by that particular article of their costume which came under his immediate superintendence. " There's a vob'demleg in number six, there's a pair of Hessians in thirteen, there's two pair of halves in the commercial, there's these here pair of tops in the snuggery inside the bar, and five more tops in the coffee room." -Nothing more?" said the little man. "Stop a bit," replied Sam, suddenly recollecting himself. "Yes; there's a pair of Vefliagtons a good deal worn, and a pair of ady shoes, remember five."" "What sort of shoes?" hastily inquired Wardle, who, together with Mr. Pickwick, had been lost in bewilderment at the singular catalogue of visiters. -" Country make," replied Barn. " Any maker's name 2" " Brown." " Where of?" " Muggleton." . "It is them," exclaimed" Wardle. " By Heavens, we've found them." " Bush !" said Sam. " The Welling ton has gone to Doctors' Commons." -'* No, said the little man. tones, for a license " " We're in time," exclaimed Wardle. " Show us therefrom j nor a moment is to be lost." "Pray, my dear sir pray," said the little man; caution, caution." He drew from his pocket a red silk purse, and looked very hard at Sam as he drew out a sovereign." Sam grinned expressively. as Show "lia'into the room at once, without announcing us," said the little, man, and it's yours." # J Sam threw the painted tops into a corner, and led the way through a dark passage, and up a wide staircase. she paused at the end of a second passage, and eltLout his'Jiand. 44 Here it is," whispered the attorney, as he deposited the money in the hand of their guide. The man stepped forward" for a few <*pVtíe3"; followed shy the two friend "and their legal adviser. He stopped at a "How. to de "To this the room?" murmured the little gentleman. Sam nodded assent. Old Wardle opened the door and the whole three walked into the room just as Mr. Jingle, who had that moment returned, had produced the licence to the spinster aunt. The spinster uttered a loud shriek, and throwing herself in a chair, covered her face with her hands. Mr. Jingle crumpled up the licence, and thrust it into his coat-pocket. The _ unwelcome visiters advanced into the middle of the room. " You-you are a nice rascal, aren't you ?" exclaimed Wardle, breathless with passion. " My dear sir, my dear sir," said the little man, laying his hat on the table. " Pray, consider - pray. Scandalum magnetism, defamation of character, action for damages. Calm yourself, my dear sir, pray-" " How dare you drag my sister from my house?" said the old man. " Ay-ay-very good," said the little gentleman, " you may ask that, How dare you, sir ? - eh. sir ?" " Who the devil are you?" inquired Mr. Jingle, in so fierce a tone, that the little gentleman involuntarily fell back a step or two. " Who is he, you scoundrel," inter- posed Wardle. " He's my lawyer, Mr. Parker, of Gray's Inn. Parker, I'll have it is fellow prosecuted-indicted - I'll-I'll-damme, 111 ruin him. And you," continued Mr. Wardle turning abruptly round to his sister, you Rachael, at a time of life when you ought to know better, what do you mean by running away with a vagabond, disgracing your family, and making yourself miserable. Get on your bonnet, and come back. Call a hackney coach there, directly, and bring this lady's bill, d ye heard ye hear ?" "Certainly sir," replied Sam, who had answered Wardle's violent ringing of the bell with a degree of celerity, which must have appeared marvelous to any body who didn't know that his eye had been applied to the outside of the key- hole during the whole interview. " Get on your bonnet," repeated Wardle. " Do nothing of the kind," said Jin- nie. " Leave the room, sir no business here lady's free to act as she pleases, more than one-and-twenty." " More than one-and-twenty!" ejaculated Wardle, contemptuously, " More than one-and-forty !" "Ia'nt,"said the spinster aunt, her indignation getting the better of her determination to faint. " You are," replied Wardle, " you're fifty if you're an hour." Here the spinster aunt uttered a loud shriek, and became senseless. " A glass of water," said the humane Mr. Pickwick, summoning the landlady. " A glass of water !" said the passionate Wardle. " Bring a bucket, and throw it all over her; it'll do her good, and she richly deserves it." " Ugh, you brute !" ejaculated the kind-hearted landlady. " Poor dear." And with sundry ejaculations, of " Come now, there's a dear-drink a little of this it'll do you good don't give way so - there's a love," &c.; &c.; the landlady, assisted by a chambermaid, proceeded to vinegar the forehead, beat the hands, till late the nose, and unlace the stays of the spinster aunt, and to administer such other restoratives as are usually applied by compassionate females to ladies who are endeavouring to fear ment themselves into hysterics. " Coach is ready, sir," said Sam, appeal ing at the door. " Come along," cried Wardle. " I'll carry her down stairs." At this proposition, the hysterics came on with redouble violence. The landlady was about to enter a very violent protest against this proceed- ing, and had already given vent to an indignant inquiry whether Mr. Wardle considered himself lord of the creation, when Mr. Jingle interposed- j " Boots," said he, " get mean officer." j "Stay, star," said little Mr. Parker. " Consider, sir, consider." I'll not consider," replied Jingle, "she her own mistress-- see who dares to take her away unless she wishes it." " I won't be taken away," murmured the spinster aunt. "don't wish it." (Here there was a frightful relapse.) " My dear sir," said the little man, in a low tone, taking Mr. Wardle and Mr. Pickwick apart : "My dear sir, we're in a very awkward situation. It's a distressing case-very ; I never knew one more so ; but really my dear sir, really we have no power to con read this lady's actions. I warned you before we came, my dear sir, that there was nothing to look to but a compromise." There was a short pause. " What kind of compromise would you recommend,?" inquired Mr. Pickwick. a Writ my dear sir, our friends in an unpleasant position very much so. We must be content to suffer some pecuniary loss." rT " I'll suffer any, rather than to submit to this disgrace, and let her, fool as she is, be made miserable for life," said Wardle. " I rather think, it can be done," said the bustling little man. A<t,Mr. single, will you step-sister us into the next room for a moment?" Mr. Jingle assented, and the quartette walked into an emtotyapartment. '" NowSir;"-"saitlthe little man, as he carefully closed the door, " is there no way of accommodating this another- step this way sir, for a moment into this window-sill, where we can be alone-there sir, there, pray sit down, sir. They, my dear sir, between you and I we know very well, mydear sir, that you have run off with the -larlvífor -the sake of her We are both men of the world. and we know yerv""well>thàt~©urs friends here, are not-eh V ,,__ *~i$f^U* -c , ,- * 'Mr/JhagleVjaee^grodually relaxed J and 'B03mething~:^tantly resembling' a w ink, quivered ibr^anTlflâtantin^his^ Wt eye. ,-. W'-' v 'W guilty " Very good very good said I die little man, observing the impression he had made. " Now the fact is, that beyond a few hundreds, the lady has little or nothing left the death of her mother fine old lady, my dear sir." " Old," ada Mr. Jingle, briefly but emphatically. " Why, yes," said the attorney with a slight cough. " You are right, my dear Sir, she is rather old. She comes of an old family though my dear Sir; old in every sense of the word. The founder of that family came into Kent, when Julius Caesar invaded Britain only one member of it, since, who hasn't lied To eighty-five, and he was beheaded by one of the Hentys. The old lady is not seventy-three now, my dear Sir." The little man paused, and took a pinch of snuff. " Well," cried Mr. Jingle 41 Well, my dear Sir-you don't take snuff?- ah ! so much the better expen- sive habit-well, my dear Sir, you're a fine young man, man of the world able to push your fortune, if you had capital, eh?" " Well," said Mr. Jingle again. " Do you comprehend race?" " Not quite." " Don't you think now, my dear Sir, I put it to you, don't you think that fifty pounds and liberty, would be better than Miss Wardle and expectation ? " Won't do not half enough!" said Mr Jingle, rising. " Nay, nay, my dear Sir," remain stated the little attorney, seizing him by the button. " Good round sum a man like you could treble it in no time great deal to be done with fifty pounds, roy dear Sir." " More to be done with a hundred and fifty," replied Mr Jingle, coolly. " Well, my dear Sir, we won't waste time in splitting straws," resumed the little man, " say-say-seventy." " Won't do," said Mr. Jingle. " Don't go away, my dear sir pray don't hurry," said the little man. " Eighty, come ; I'll write you a cheque at once." 41 Won't do," said Mr. Jingle. " Well, my dear sir, well," said the little man, still detaining him just tell me what will do." Expensive affair," said Mr. Jingle. Money out of pocket -posting, nine pounds : licence, three that's twelve compensation, a hundred hundred and twelve breach of honour-and loss of the lady-" " Yes, my dear sir, yes," said the little man, with a knowing look, " never mind the last two items. That's a hundred and twelve - say a hundred come." " And twenty," said Mr. Jingle. " Come, come, I'll write you a cheque," said the little man and down he sat at the table for that purpose. " I'll make it payable the day after to- morrow," said the little man, with a look towards Mr. Wardle and we can get the lady away, meanwhile." Mr. Wardle sullenly nodded assent. " A hundred," said the little man. " And twenty," said Mr. Jingle. 44 My dear Sir," demonstrated the little man. 44 Give it him," interposed Mr. Wardle, 44 and let him go." The cheque was written by the little gentleman, and pocketed by Mr. Jingle. Now, leave this house instantly!" said Wardle, starting up. 44 My dear sir," urged the little man. " And mind," said Mr. Wardle, that nothing should have induced me to make this compromise-not even a regard for my family I had not known, that the moment you got any money in that pocket of yours, you'd go to the devil faster, if possible, than you would without it." 44 My dear sir," urged the little man again. 44 Be quiet, Parker," resumed Wardle. 44 Leave the room, sir." 44 Off directly," said the unabashed Jingle. " Bye - by e - Pickwick." If any dispassionate spectator could have beheld the countenance of the illustrious man, whose name forms the leading feature of the title of this work, during the latter part of this conversation, he would have been almost induced to wonder that the indignant fire which flashed from his eyes, did not meet the glasses of his spectacles-so majestic was his wrath. His nostrils dilated, and fists clenched involuntarily, as he heard himself addressed by the villain. But he restrained himself again-he did not pulverise him. Here," continued the hardened traitor tossing the licence at Mr. Pickwick's feet; get the name altered take home the lady-do for Tuppy." 44 Mr. Pickwick was a philosopher, but philosophers are only men in armour, after all. The shaft had reached him, penetrated through his philosophical harness, to his very heart. In the frenzy of his rage, he hurled the inkstand madly forward, and followed it up himself. But Mr. Jingle had disappeared, and he found himself caught in the arms of Sam. 44 Hallo, said the eccentric functionary, " furner's cheap were you come from. Self-acting ink, that 'ere ; it's wrote your mark upon the. wall, old gentleman. Hold still, Sir : wot's the use of running' after a man as has made his lucky, and got to t'other end of the Borough by this time." Mr. Pickwick's mind, like those of all truly great men, was open to conviction. He was a quick, and powerful reasoner and a momentVreflection sufficed to remind him of the impotency of his rage. It subsided as quickly as it had been roused. He panted for breath, and looked benignantly round upon MR friends. Shall-we-tell the lamentations that ensued, when Miss Wardle found herself deserted by the faithless Jingle ? Shall we extract Mr. Pickwick's masterly description of j, that heart-rending scene ? His note-book, blotted with the tears of sympathising humanity, lies open before us ; one word hand it- is in the printer's hands. Bulge ! we will be resolute ! We wll^oV'wring the -public bosom, with the delineation of such suffering ! * Slowly^nCsadly did the Jvjojfjiends and the deserted Jady/retorn||ext day in the Muggleton heavy *oach|$ffi}nily and darkly had the sombrejahadoj^o-f a summer's night fallen upon,al|?aroand, when they again /eacUed^Bingley^Bel!, and Wood with tie entrance to Manor Farm. CHAPTER XI. involving another Journey, and an antiquarian discovery, recording Mr. Pickwick determination to be present at an Election and containing a manuscript of the old Clergyman's. A night of quiet and repose in the profound silence of Dingley Dell, and an hour's breathing of its fresh and fragrant air on the ensuing morning, completely recovered its. Pickwick from the effects of his late fatigue of body and anxiety of mind. That illustrious man had been separated from his friends and followers, for two whole days and it was with a degree of pleasure and delight, which no common imagination can adequately conceive, that he stepped forward to greet Mr. Winkle and Mr. Snodgrass, as he encountered those gentlemen on his return from his early walk. The pleasure was mutual for who could ever gaze on Mr, Pickwick's beaming face without experiencing the sensation 1 But still a cloud seemed to hang over his companions which that great man could not but be sensible of, and was wholly at a loss to account for. There was a mysterious air about them both, as unusual as it was alarming. " And, how," said Mr. Pickwick, when he had grasped his followers by the hand, and exchanged warm salutations of welcome ; " how isTupmanl" Sir. V ankle, to whom the question was more peculiarly addressed, made no reply. He turned away his head, and appeared absorbed in melancholy reflection. " Snodgrass," said Mr. Pickwick earnestly, " How is our friend he is not ill 1 " " No," replied Mr. Snodgrass and a tear trembled on his sentimental eye-lid, like a raindrop on a window-frame. s' No ; he is not ill. Mr. Pickwick stopped, and gazed on each of his friends in turn. " Winkle Snodgrass," said Mr. Pickwick : " what does this mean ? Where is our friend 1 What has happened 1 Speak-I conjure, I entreat -nay, I command you, speak." There was a solemnity-a dignity-in Mr. Pick- wick's manner, not to be withstood. " He is gone," said Mr Snodgrass. '* Gone I " exclaimed Mr. Pickwick, " Gone !" " Gone," reported Mr. Snodgrass. " Where 1" ejaculated Mr. Pickwick. " We can only guess, from that communication," replied Mr. Snodgrass, taking a letter from his pocket, and placing it in his friend's hand, " Yesterday morning, when a letter was received from Mr. Wardle, stating that you would be home with his sister at night, the melancholy which had hung over our friend during the whole of the previous day, was observed to increase. He shortly afterwards disappeared : he was missing during the whole day, and in the evening this letter w. as brought by the hostler from theCrown.at struggle ton. It had been left in his charge in the morning, with a strict injunction that it should not be delivered until night." as' Mr. Pickwick opened the epistle, It was in his fi sends handwriting, - and these were its contents : " My dear Pickwick, " You, my dear friend, ore placed far beyond the reach of many mortal frailties and weaknesses which ordinary people cannot overcome. You do not know what it is, at one blow, to be deserted by a lovely and fascinating creature, and to fall a victim to the artifices of a villain, who had the game of cunning, beneath the mask of friendship. I hope you never may. " Any letter, addressed to me at the Leather Bottle, Cob ham, Kent, will be forwarded suppose- ing I still exist. I hasten from the sight of that world, which has become odious to me. Should I hasten from it altogether, pity- forgive me. Life, my dear Pickwick, has become insupportable to me. The spirit which burns within us, is a porter's knot, on which to rest the heavy load of worldly cares and troubles and when that spirit fails us, the burden is too heavy to ho horne. We sink beneath it. You may tell Rachael-Ah, that name " Three Tupmas." " We must leave this place, directly," said Mr. Pickwick, as he unfolded the note. " It would not have been decent for us to remain here, under any circumstances, after what has happened and now we are bound to follow in search of our friend," And so saying, he led the way to the house. Mrs intention was rapidly communicated. The entreaties to remain were pressing, but Mr. Pickwick was inflexible. Business, he said, required his immediate attendance. The old clergyman was present. " You are not really going 1 " said he, taking Mr. Pickwick aside, Mr. Pickwick reiterated his former determination. '* Then here," said the old gentleman, " is a little manuscript, which I hoped to have the pleasure of reading to you myself. I found it on the death of a friend of mine a medical man, engaged in our County Lunatic Asylum among a variety of papers, which I had the option of destroying or preserving, as I thought proper. I can hardly believe that the manuscript is genuine, though it certainly is not in my friend's hand. However, whether it be the genuine production of a maniac, or founded upon the ravings of some unhappy being, which I think more probable, read it, and judge for yourself." Mr. Pickwick received the manuscript, and pared from the benevolent old gentleman with many expressions of good-will and esteem. It was a more difficult task to take leave of the inmates of Manor Farm, from whom they had received so much hospitality and kindness. Mr. Pickwick kissed the young ladies were going to say, as if they had been his own daughters, only as he might poBS bly have infused a little more warmth into the salutation, the comparison would not be a its appropriate-bugged the old lady with filial cordiality and patted the rosy cheeks of the female servants in a most patriarchal manner, as he slipped into the hands of each, some more substantial expressions of his approval. The exchange of cordialities with their fine old host and Mr. Trundle, were even more hearty and prolonged ; and it was not until Mr. Snodgrass had been several times called, and at last emerged from a dark passage followed soon after by Emily (whose bright eyes looked unusually dim) that the three friends were enabled to tear themselves from their friendly entertainers. Many a backward Look they gave at the Farm, as they walked slowly away and many a kiss did Mr. Snodgrass was in the air, in acknowledgment of something very like a lady's handkerchief, which was waved from one of the upper windows, until a turn of the land had the old house from their sight. At Muggleton they procured a conveyance to Rochester, By the time they reached the last named place, the violence of their grief had sufficiently abated to admit of their making a very excellent early dinner and having procured the necessary information relative to the road, the three friends set forward again in the afternoon to walk to Cobham. A delightful walk it was for it was a pleasant afternoon in June, and their way lay through a deep and shady wood, cooled by the light wind which gently rustled the thick foliage, and enlivened by the songs of the birds dist perched upon the boughs. The ivy and the moss crept in thick clusters over the old trees, and the soft green turf oven spread the ground like a silken that. They emerged upon an open park, with an ancient hall, displaying the quaint and picturesque architecture of Elizabeth's time. Long vistas of stately oaks and elm trees appeared on every side ; large herds of deer were cropping the fresh grass and occasionally a startled hare scoured along the ground, with the speed of the shadows thrown by the light clouds which sweep across a sunny landscape like a passing breath of summer. " If this," said Mr. Pickwick, looking about him " if this were the place to which all who are troubled with our friend's complaint came, I fancy their old attachment to this v. world would very soon return." " I think so too," said Mr. Winkle. " And really," added Mr. Pickwick, after half on hour's walking had brought them to the village, " really for a misanthrope's choice, this is one of the prettiest and most desirable places of residence, I ever met with > 25' In this opinion also, both Mr.' Winkle and Mr. Snodgrass expressed their concurrence and having been directed to the Leatherr]BÔtUe,acleanend commodious village alehouse the" three-t-avellers entered, and at once inquired foca gentleman of the name of Tupman. ' J K S - «. Show the gentlemen into-UAparlour, Tom," said the landlady. H , "I 6 A stout country lad opened adoor at the end of the passage and the three friends entered a long, low-roofed room; furnished with a large number of htgh- bucked'ilealher-ouahionedi.chaîrs, of fantastic shapes, and embellished with a great variety of old portraits and roughly coloured prints of some an inquiry. At the upper eU(H of the room was a table dr 15 ft P on with a white cloth upon it, well covered with a roast fowl, bacon, ale, and et ceteras e, and at the table sat Mr. Tupmnn, looking as unlike a man who had taken his leave of the world, as possible. On the entrance of his friends, that gentlemen laid down his knife and fork, and with. a mournful nor advanced to meet them. "I did not expect to see you here," he said, as he grasped Mr. Pickwick's hand. " It's very kind." " Ah !" said Mr. Pickwick, sitting down, and wiping from his forehead the perspiration which the walk find engendered. " Finish your dinner, and walk out with me. I wish to speak to you alone." Mr. Tupmnn did as she was desired and Mr. Pickwick having refreshed himself with a copious draught of ale, waited his friend's leisure. The dinner was quickly despatched, and they walked at together. Pot half an hour, their forms might have been seen pacing the churchyard to and fro, while Mr. Pickwick was engaged in combatting his companion's resolution. Any repetition of his arguments would be useless for what language could convey to them that energy and force which their great originators manner communicated Whether Mr. Tupmnn was already tired of retirement, or whether he was wholly unable to resist the eloquent appeal which was made to him, matters not, he did not resist it at last. " It mattered little to him," he said, where he dragged out the miserable remainder of his days and since his friend laid so much stress upon his humble companionship, he was willing to share his adventures." Mr. Pickwick smiled ; they shook hands 5 and walked back to re-join their companions. It was at this moment that Mr. Pickwick made that immortal discovery, which has been the pride and boast of his friends, and the envy of every antiquarian in this or any other country. They had passed the door of their inn, and walked a little way down the village, before they recollected the precise spot in which it stood. As they turned back, Mr. Pickwick's eye fell upon a small broken stone, partially buried in the ground, in front of a cottage door. He paused. " This is very strange," said Mr. Pickwick. "What is stranger" inquired Mr. Tupmnn, staring eagerly at every object near him, but the right one. " God bless me, what's the matter?" This last was an ejaculation of irrepressible astonishment, occasioned by- seeing Mr. Pickwick, in his enthusiasm for discovery, fall on his knees before the little stone, and commence wiping the dust off it with his pocket handkerchief. " There is an inscription here," said Mr. Pickwick. " Is it possible !" said Mr. Tupmnn. " I can discern," continued Mr. Pickwick, rubbing away with all his might, and gazing in- tently through his spectacles : " I can discern a cross, and a B and then a T. This is important," continued Mr. Pickwick, starting up. " This is some very old inscription, existing perhaps long before the ancient almshouse in this place. It must not be lost." He tapped at the cottage door. A labouring man opened it. "Do you know how this stone came here, my friend ?" inquired the benevolent Mr. Pickwick. " No, I don't, Sir," replied the man, civilly. " It was here long afore I was horn, or any on us." Mr. Pickwick glanced triumphantly at his companion. " You-you are not particularly attached to it, I dare say," said Mr. Pickwick, trembling with anxiety. .' You wouldn't mind sell- ing it, now ?" " Ah ! but who'd buy it ?" inquired the man, with an expression of face which he probably meant to be very cunning. " I'll give you ten shillings for it, at once," said Mr. Pickwick, " if you would take it up for me." The astonishment of the village may be easily imagined, when (the little stone having been raised with one wrench of a spade), Mr. Pickwick, by dint ofgreatpersona'exertion, bore it with his own hands to the inn, and after having carefully washed it, deposited it on the table. The exultation and joy of the Pickwickians knew no bounds, when their patience and assiduity, their washing and scraping, were crowned with success. The stone was uneven and broken, and the letters were straggling and irregular, but the following fragment of an inscription was clearly to be deciphered a SILENT U M P S H I S. M. ARE Mr. Pickwick's eyes sparkled with delight, as he sat and gloated over the treasure he had discovered. He had attained one of the greatest objects of his ambition. In a county known to abound in remains of the early ages in a village in which there still existed some memorials of the olden time, he-he, the Chairman of the Pickwick Club - had discovered a strange and curious inscription of unquestionable antiquity, which had wholly escaped the observa- tion of the many learned men who had preceded him. He could hardly trust the evidence of his senses. " This-this," said he, " determines me. We return to town to-morrow." " To-morrow !" exclaimed his admiring followers. " To-morrow," said Mr. Pickwick, " This treasure must be at once deposited where it can be thoroughly investigated, and properly understood. I have another reason for this step. In a few days, an election is to take place for the borough of Britons will, at which Mr. Parker, a gentleman whom I is very met, is the agent of one of the candidates. We will behold, and minutely examine a scene so interesting to every Englishman." " We will," was the animated cry of three voices. Mr. Pickwick looked round him. The attachment and fervour of his followers, lighted up a glow of enthusiasm within him He was their leader, and he felt it. " Let us celebrate this happy meeting with a convivial glass," said he. This proposition, like the other, was received with unanimous applause. And having himself deposited the important stone in a small deal box, purchased from the landlady for the purpose, he placed himself in an armchair at the head of the table and the evening was devoted to festivity and conversation. It was past eleven o'clock a late hour for the little village of Cobham when Mr. Pickwick had retired to the bed-room which had been prepared for his reception. He threw open the lattice window, and, setting his light upon the table, fell into a train of meditation on the hurried events of the two preceding days. The hour and the place were both favourable to contemplation Mr Pickwick was roused by the church clock striking twelve. The first stroke of the' hour sounded solemnly in his ear, but when the bell ceased the stillness" seemed insupportable ; he almost felt as if he had lost a companion He was nervous and excited, and hastily undressing himself, and placing his light in the chimney, got into bed. Every one has experienced that disagreeable state of mind in which a sensation of bodily weariness in vain contends against an inability to sleep. It was Mr. Pickwick's condition at this moment : he tossed first on one side, and then on the other and perseveringly closed his eyes, as if to coax himself to slumber. It was of no use. Whether it was the unwonted exertion he had undergone for the heat, or the brandy and water, or the strange bed-whatever it-was, his thoughts kept reverting very uncomfortable to the grim pictures down stairs, and the old stories to which they had given rise in the course of the evening. After half an hour's tumbling about, he came to the unsatisfactory conclusion that it was no use trying to sleep; so he got up and partially dressed himself. Anything, he thought, was better than lying there, fancying all kinds of horrors. He looked out of the window, it was very dark. He walked about the room it was very lonely. ? He had taken a few turns from the door to the window, and from the window to the door, when the clergyman's manuscript for the first time entered his head. It was a good thought. If it failed to interest him, it might send him to sleep. He took it from his coat-pocket, and drawing a small table towards his bed-side, trimmed the light put on his spectacles, and composed himself to read. It was a strange hand-writing, and the paper was much soiled and blotted. The title gave him a sudden start, too and he could not avoid casting a wistful glance round, the room. Reflecting on the absurdity of giving way to such . feelings, he trimmed the light again, and read as follows: (To be continued.) 