Domestic Intelligence. A TALC LANTERN FOR A BENIGHTED BISHOP. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.1 'HAVING observed the Bishop of Australia grop ing'his wvay in the Couincil, when he first took his seat this session, I was sorely perplexed to know the reason why he was so much in the dark, while his compeers appeared to be enjoy ing a large measure of light. Upon close scru tiny, I perceived he was trying to make his foot ing sure, by the help of a very curious and antique lantern-and farther, that the candle within had a long snuff; the panes were made of horn, and were much smoked and discoloured. I then understood why he stumbled beyond the modest place allotted to him, and why he aimed at taking his chair so near to the brilliant lamp burning at the head of the table. In order to obviate any disaster of the kind again, I beg to proffer His Lordship the use of a new lantern, the workmanship of the present century; it is light and portable, it has a door, by means of which the candle may be snuffed every now and then, and the windows cleaned, while the panes themselves are made of talc instead of horn. It is evident that such an ap paratus will transmit the light readily, will main tain it steadily, and prove a sure comfort to a lonely watchman in a dark night. This is a night of darkness for the interests of our beloved Church! And who so faithful a watchman as a Lord Bishop? The advantages of using this lantern would be very great; for instance, had it been in use at the Council, it would have prevented His Lord ship from stumbling up too high: it would have led him to content himself with the very bottom of the table, for it would have shed a light on the following passage in the Bishop's vade-mecum : " Beware of the scrihes which desire to walk in long robes, and love greetings in the markets, and the highest seats in the synagogue, and the chief rows at feasts."., The lantern would also have saved the delu sion that there was any mitre in thle rear; and have suppressed a claim of precedence on the ground of tender and disinterested care for those who might succeed him ; for any guide, a little brighter than the one in use, would have shown the utter improbability of any other Bishop oc cupying a seat in the Councils of Australia, and the possibility of the present prelate being re lieved from the sultry burden of secular power. He would have seen at a glance, that Lords spi ritual are, like the ghosts of a dreamer, destined to vanish from the theatre of the wold. Having succeeded in showing the advantage of the new and improved lantern, in one instance, I might test for the present; butI noticed anoth r case of faltering which might well excite com misseration, and therefore claims remark, in order that a new illuminator might be procured at once. The Bishop lamented over the hardship to which the men of the road parties are subjected, by being compelled to attend the harangues of any one calling himself a minister of the Gospel He particularised the Quaker, the Baptist, and the Unitarian, doubtless putting the worst pos sible cases, and allowing us to infer that the non-episcopally ordained Presbyterian, Wes leyan, and Independent, were likely to be ag gressors of the same kind. Conduct like this, lie says, will go far towards sapping the foun dation of the Christian Church. Now, verily, his own lantern deceived him ; it had swung behind him, he tottered from the un even ground on which he stood, it cast his own shadow before him ;-he thought from the float ing of his little apron, that a niumber of goblins were rising from a minee they were just springing under a cathedral, and that it was blown to atoms, steeple and all. Oh, had His Lordship only carried the little talc lantern before him, he would have learned this fact. When some cler gymen go to do duty at the huts, they say to the overseers, "Order all the Protestants in for prayers;" and being under orders, they come in accordinglyy. When a plain minister goes, he says to the overseer, " If your men would like to attend religious service, I should be happy to hold it with them." The overseer tells this to the men, and those who feel disposed, come and listen; and those who like, stop away. Now the talc lantern would show this to be a reason able course, and one which no man respecting liberty of conscience can gainsay. The talc lan tern would further show, that however pestiferous such reptiles as Quakers and Baptists may be, in politics and polemics, they are very good sort of people when they go to a stockade, and speak to prisoners of the Crown: for in the nature of things, they must endeavour to bring perishing souls home to God, and lead them in the paths of righteousness. And as to Unitarians, there is a much larger community of them in the Bishop's own brain, than the searching lantern of Dio genes himself could find in the southern hemis phere. The new light also would have shown; with steady truth, that there has always been as much false doctrine, heresy, and anti-Christian schism, taught by those who have received the \-- (I omit the liturgical blasphemy) by the imposition of hands, as by those who, without canonical orders, call themselves ministers of the Gospel. This same light would have further shown, that the foundations of the Christian Church are laid in the apostles and prophets, and that these foundations having withstood the at tacks of Arian, Pelagian, and Socinian, bishops in the Anglican Church, they are not likely to be be sapped by the subtilty and power of an iti nerant preacher at a government stockade ! The last use of my lantern would have been to show that the nation having been so often alarmed with the cry of the "Church in Danger," and having noticed that this cry has been raised when the poor establishment was under salutary treatment, her true friends will be inclined to hear the annouucement with pleasure; the indif leient will remember the old story of the boy and the wolf: while her enemies will either say she is old enough, rich enough, and strong enough, to take care of herself; or, that being so feeble and so poor as to need a mitred champion in our Co lonial Councils, she must be altogether good for nothing. PHOSPHORUS. 