ODDS AND ENDS. Le Boe'qorr be Nocí.-About 11 or 12 years ago, a lady, accompanied by a young girl, evidently suffering from illness, was in the daily habit of attending mass at the church of St. Severin, in Rouen. On leaving the church she always gave a trifle to a poor beggar who was regularly stationed at the church door, and the child, likewise deposited her tottering in his hand, entreating the benefit of his prayers for her recovery. This continued for several years, till at length one day the beggar disappeared, and no one knew what had become of him. Same days ago, a wedding was celebrated at "Rouen. M. P., a wealthy landholder, was about to receive the hand of Mademoiselle AnatUtie L, an amiable and accomplished young lady, but whose family had been much reduced in consequence of the events of 1830. The note was on the point of offering the pen to the bride and bridegroom preparator to their angering the contract of marriage, when a stran- det", of rather rustic appearance, entered the time. The stranger, without further ceremony, placed 30,000 francs in bank notes on the table, and said, addressing the notary, ' Write, Sir, that Mademoiselle Anastatia brings her husband a dowry of SO.OQOJranc«. The beggar of St. Severin is come to return to his benefactress the money that she lent him.' An expert tion soon took place. With the money collected at the church door the beggar had been able to purchase a piece of land, and by dint of industry and perseverance in his habits of economy he had gradually become a wealthy man. But never, he said did I pass a day without thinking of my benefactress ; I knew she was not rich, I heard she was to be married, and I have brought her my bouquet de novo.' It need, scarcely be added, that the grateful mendicant became an honoured guest at the ensuing wedding festivity. - Echo de Rouen. The March of TsTKLLtcr.-The ecclesiastical Authorities of Cologne have given notice, that in the course of the present month, will be celebrated the 16th secular jubilee in honour of St. Ursula and the 11,000 virgins, who, in the year 237, are stated to have suffered martyrdom in a field outside of the city. The Convict who escaped from Newgate Retaken Yesterday morning, at 4 o'clock, Robert Wicker, who, on Thursday, escaped from Newgate by getting to the top of the prison and letting himself down by means of a rope, was retaken. The circumstances were rather remarkable. Mr. Cope, the Governor of' New- gate, the moment the escape was known, offered a reward for the apprehension of the prisoner Wicker, and the police were immediately engaged in looking out. Wicket being a native of Essex one of the turnkeys of Chelmsford gaol was not idle in the matter, but knowing that some of the convict's friends were in the neighbourhood, kept his eye upon the movements of any strangers who appeared in the place. On Tuesday this turnkey, whose name is Marson, saw a strange- man making inquiry for one Noakes, a person who is acquainted with Wieners iiiuiluT, and at once conjectured that a clue was discovered to the hiding-place of the convict. Marson seized the inquirer, who after some threats, terror, and hesitation, said that his name was Rogers, and that he lived at No. 5, West-street, Smithfield, "I know all about your journey," said Marson, "you are come down here to call upon Vicker's mother. Come come, gammon ; I shall put you in irons and have you lagged before the Lord Mayor, if you don't out with everything." Rogers then said he would tell all about the business, and gave the following information "Wicker is now at my house, No. 5, West-street, Smithfield. He sent me down to get Noakes to tell his mother to get money and clothes for him, and meet him in London, and I was just asking my way when you stabbed me." "In what room did you leave him ?" said Marson. " You'll certainly find him on the first floor, front or back," replied Rogers. " Very well," said Marson, " I'll lock you up in the gaol till I return." The thing was no sooner said than done; Rogers was locked up in a cell, and Marson started for town, arrived at half- past 3 o'clock yesterday morning, obtained the aid of the police, and entered the lodging, No. 6, West-street. Wicker, however, was not to be found in bed; but Mrs. Rogers, who was frightened at bearing of what had befallen her husband, and was likely to befall herself, assured the turnkey that the fugitive had not left the house. At length Wicker was found in a closet behind a bed, in another room of the house, and, upon being apprehended, was what is called quite down upon his luck." He was lodged in Newgate by 4 o'clock, where he now re- mains- Times, October 5. Munroe Statistics Mr. Slug stated some curious calculations respecting the dogs meat barrows of London. He found that the total number of small carts and barrows engaged in dispensing provision to the cats and dogs of the metropolis was 1,743. The average number of skewers delivered daily with the provender by each dogs' meat cart or barrow was 36. Now, multiplying the number of showers so delivered by the number of barrows, a total of 62,748 skewers daily would be obtained. Allowing that of these 62,743 skewers the odd 2,748 were accidentally devoured with the meat by the most voracious of the animals supplied, it followed that 60,000 skewers per day, or the enormous number of 21,900,000 skewers annually, were wasted In the kennels and dust holes of London ; which, if collected and warehoused, would in ten years time afford a mass of timber more than sufficient for the construction of a first rate vessel of war for the use of Her Majesty's navy, to be called "The Royal Skewer," and to become under that name the terror of all the enemies of this island Rent ley's Miscellany. Popularity of Coacumun.-' A coachman's a privileged individual,' said Mr. Weller, looking fixedly at his son 'Cos a coachman may do without suspicion wot other men may not 'as a coachman may be on the very amicable terms with 80 mile of females, and yet nobody thinks that he ever means to marry any man among 'em. A reg'lar coachman's a sort of connecting link betwixt singleness and matrimony, and every practicable man knows it." " Wot you mean, they're general favorites, and nobody takes advantage on 'em, p'raps?" said Sam. His father nodded. " How it ever come to that 'ere pass," resumed the parent Weller, " I can't say ; vy it is that long-stage coachmen possess such insinuations, and is always looked up to adored 1 may say-by every young 'woman in every town he varis through, I don't know ; I only know that so it is it's a regulation of natural dispensary, as your poor mother-in-law used to say." "A dispensation," said Sam, correcting the old gentleman, " Very good, Samivel, a dis- pensation, ifynulikeit better," returned Mr. Weller; " I call it a dispensary, and its always went up so, at the places where they gives you physic for nothing' in your own bottles ; that's all."- Pickwick. Post Boys and Donkiks.-" Was you ever called in," inquired Sam, glancing at the driver, after a short silence, and lowering his voice to a mysterious whisper, "won you ever called in ven you was prentice to a sawbones to visit a postboy ?" _ " I don't remember that I ever was," replied Bob Sawyer. " You never see a post-boy in that 'ere hospital as you walked (as they say of' the ghosts), did you?" demanded Sam. " No," replied Bob Sawyer, "I don't think I ever did." "Never know'd a church- yard were there was a postboy's tombstone, or see a dead postboy, did you?" inquired Sam, pursuing his catechism. " No," rejoined Bob, "I never did." "No," rejoined Sam, triumphantly, "nor never will; and there's another thing that no man never see-that's a dead donkey man never see a dead donkey, 'cept the gentleman in the black silk small. as know'd the young 'ooman as kept a goat and that was a French donkey, so very likely he warn't van of' the regular breed." " Well, what has that got to do with the post boys?" asked Bob Sawyer. "This here," replied Sam: without goin' so for as to assert, as some very sensible people do, that post-boys and donkeys is both immortal, wot I say is this, that whenever they feels theirselves getting' stifTand past their work, they just rides off together, vain postboy to a pair, in the usual way; wet becomes on 'cm nobody knows, but it's very probable as they starts away to take their pleasure in some other world, for their ain't a man alive as ever see either a donkey or a postboy a taking' his pleasure in this." Pickwick far October. (Box is decidedly right as to the donkey, but wrong as to the post boys. The latter have, it is true, a neverdyingness, but this earthly. The peculiarity of post-boys is this namely, that though they live to the age of Methuselah, they are called boys still. And Ike to their's is the condition of chamber maids, who though they may have been married to seven husbands and peopled a whole village, are "maids" nevertheless in parlance, for as long a time as they may happen to tuck up travellers' beds and bear the insignia of the calling, which, as every body knows, are flat candlesticks and warming pans.) The following advertisement appeared in a Bristol paper :-' To Master Bakers. A journeyman baker wishes to obtain work. The advertiser fears God, has a thorough knowledge of the business, and is a member of the Temperance Society. Preference will be given to a place where no baking is done on the Lord's day. Address, No. Temperance Hotel.' A respectably dressed individual entered the parlour of a public house in the neighbourhood of Drury-lane, and producing a pocket book, said he had just picked it up coming out of the New Strand Theatre, professing at the same time, that he had not yet examined its contents. On opening it, there appealed, among other papers, what seemed to be a bill of exchange for a considerable amount, some promissory notes, and three country bank notes of £5 each. The persons present congratulated him on his good fortune, as doubtless a considerable reward would suffered the, restoration of the property, when he expressed his regret that he had to get off on a voyage to China the next day After some parley, o person present purchased the chance of the reward for a couple of sovereigns, and the pocket book was deposited in the hands of the landlord, the honest finder being particularly careful that it should be sent e 1, lest any portion of the contents should be abstracted secretly, a week after week the purchaser of the roverym waited for the expected advertisement in vain At last he went to the parties whose name were on the bill, and was amazed to find that the whole were forgeries On further inquiry it was discovered that the notes were the issue of a bank that filled in 1825, and of course were wholly worthless His pocket book and its contents were worth about a shilling An operation was successfully performed in I act of the utmost importance to the medical profession, and of still greater interest to persons 1 labouring under pulmonary complaints A young man of the name of Tucker had been affected for nearly two years, with an abscess in the times, which had increased to such a height that his case was deemed a very hopeless, and he came over to England for change of air Mr L Tucker, surgeon, of this city, having about 17 years ago performed a successful operation on the mother of this young man, and as she is now alive and well he naturally made application to him, and consented to submit to have in 1I1CI-.10U made in his side Mr I ticker living by means of the stethoscope, ascertained the seat of the disease, most skilfully performed it in less than three minutes when a quantity of matter amounting to upwards of a quart, or 30 ounces imperial measure, issued from the orifice His cough had been most harassing and in cessant, not being able to place himself in a telling you now for fear of suffocation, being in constant pain, and he had no rest for more than nine months He bore the operation with great fortitude and is in a fair way of doing well Western Luminary A letter from Warsaw, Sept 15, says-' The waters of Bousk, in the Republic of Cracow, have been this season the rendezvous of man distinguished Poles The Russian government grants passports to Cracow and Poland to the inhabitants of the incorporated provinces, without making any difficulties General Golovme has reviewed all the Russian regiments quartered in Poland, and at the same time made inquiries into their conduct towards the inhabitants, pro missing the latter redress for any injuries they may have received from the soldiery The cholera and typhus have disappeared, not only from Warsaw, but from all the other parts of Poland We learn from Cracow, that the Senate is addressed a note to the three protect- ing powers, requiring certain amendments in the political laws Among other points it is said to require the re establishment of the Constitution of 1815 ' 