NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, HOBART Town.-The imposing and interesting ceremony for laying the "corner stone" of a new Wesleyan Chapel, in Melville Street, was observed on Tuesday after- noon last, the 26th of December. A very large and respectable company of persons, it is judged not less than two thousand, were assembled to witness the ceremony. His Excellency Sir John Franklin, accompanied by Lady Franklin, Miss Franklin, Captain Maconochie, and the Honorable Henry Elliott, arrived punctually at the time appointed, viz. 4 o'clock P.M. The service commenced by singing an appropriate hymn-after, which, the Rev. Mr. Miller engaged in prayer. An introductory address was then delivered by the Rev. Joseph Orton, of which the following is an outline, After a few preliminary remarks, the, speaker observed " The term church Is not to be understood as referring to temples, built by hands-nor to any, particular party of professing christians, such an exclusive claim is an assumption as unbecoming the fallibility of man, as incompatible with the "principle ot christian love, the possession of which constitute the true member of Christ's church. " The numerous branches and various modi- fications in which the visible church, is now pre- sented to us, though arguing imperfection in the discernment and judgment of men, the evil has been counteracted, at, least in many instances, by the Great Head of the Church-who has rendered it subservient to his own wise and gracious purposes. "Whatever circumstantial distinctions-ad- missible variations-and arbitrary designations may exist in the visible church; rising above their party peculiarities, and falling back upon the essential principles of infallible truth, the shades vanish before the glories of redeeming love. Tile operation of this principle enlarges the mind, and expands the heart, and in this all are agreed that whatever body holds-" One Lord, one Faith, one Baptism, one God and Father of all," they should have facilities for the erection of places for the worship of God, and the pro- mulgation of these sacred truths. That section of the ' christian church to which many here present are attached, and in beliajf of whose »rejected temple wa are 'now assembled, has existed virtually mare than a cen- tury.,, i Thpse who have the most carefully studied her rise arid progress, are convinced that she is (he creature pt circumstances, father than any design ori ¿he part of her reputed founder, who never njjp'èat^ to have'been influenced by any, sectarian principles or'schtsmntical designs, but under circumstances of distressing 'apathy in the Church, ventured to step aside' from the ordinary course-and with the zeal of'a true lover of souls, called men every where to repent- ance; thereby exposing himself to the displea- sure ^Jf.tjlflse who disapprove of such, ^adjudged, irregularities; eventually leading to the doors jof the çhurçhesbeing closed against him, though not to the staying of the operatiimof t)ie prin- ciple of love with which his heart was tired. " The opposition presented |"so far from sup- pressing, only tended to form and !sTrer?gthen n paTty'contrary to any intention on the part" of those who vfcere öie to-adjntor* of Wesley, and the partisans of those'deVotcd'preachers of the Gospel. _,_ __. " . j ^ / ; " ?Wjith.i'egard to the, constitution of; Method- ism, her adherents ara not sp presumptuous' as to claim for (>t exclusive' excellence,-but'those who rank among'her members and'friends no doubt do so from principle. The1* result of her operations so far anords'the gratifying assurance which enables her constituents to say " the best of all is God is'with us ;" and those who are not of her communion,'" are constrained to exclaim with those who are, ** What Koth God wrought" by her humble instrumentality. _,, ._ , " Though Methodism cannot now be other- wise viewed than as assuming the character of a distinct body, her constituents, notwithstand- ing, view themselves as related to and havlng a decided attachment for the Episcopal Establish- ment of our country-and an thus 'expressing myself, I Venture to pledge the sentiments of the major, and influential pqrtion pf (hqcommu of methodists. ...They, re.m.qmbert, with ,/eelings ,pf ¿everentjal, regard, that ¿h^r, venerable and esteemed founder (was.a'ctcrgymari. and under all varying circumstances," an unchanging and .1 decided churchman. ?.. ÍÜHísTalented brother, the * ... - the r,_ .hodïst Missions," With ifeverar'o'thers were1 clergymen' "who loved''the' chu'reh^-hnd 'those Methodist 'preachers"Who hive1 been-iand 'those who,aro nbw'ranked' among the buttresses arid ornament's of. the Wesleyan connexion, haVo ¿ver Cherished a'regard for the Established Church. , ... , -," ÍLet liturgy j», admired, and.use* in their places of worship, with the simple avoidance of occasioaa) repetition, as( recognizing the 'great' principles of religion-embodying the most vital truths-and aiding .materially the devout exer- cises of the mjnd and, heart. "|,i, "Her clerg^cr^návéfwen., ahdstlll/áre, in many instances, 'among the most1 exemplary chrisu^ins^uiáful rhfñister/^of'the'gospel, and erudite divines. , . . ' , «"K may Ve uhHesftafingTy déclaïedi 'that thb ?vyeiieyans have,'IriVery evefitfut'times, 'proved their attachment to the Episcopal Church, during the early stages of recent agitation ; 'prudence dictated the pfopriety .of, silent regard, until I urged to an expres&ipu.of; real sen$nen1t.," AnA if an hour of .perj I should am ve, MctfioaisW wilt he .found, to^he^extent ofj her influence, j among the decided ond firm supporters'of our / wil( he.found, to^he^ejtent; ofjherinftu* , j among the decided ond firm supporters'of our Established' Church. The trustees of this pro perty, in behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Society, and the religious public have deemed it expedient to erect a commodious place of wor ship, instead of the one adjoining, (which it is proposed shall be occupied as a week day school room.) The trustees were induced to the onerous undertaking ; to meet the applications of persons' for pews and sittings. Whom they could not accommodate--the want of room for the children of the schools--the want of accom modation for the poor and prisoner population, who are unable to pay for sittings ; also, the de sirableness of having a more substantial chapel, as a permanent place of worship for their so ciety and congregation in Hobart Town. . " I would here tdfce occasion to cifplalri the fact, that neither the trustees of the respectivo placea of worship in the Methodist connexion-nor the acting body designated the conference, have any righi of property in any of their chapels. They are all held in trust for tne public exclttsiicly, without any personal interest or possibility of misappropriation. , " The conférence as a body, maintain the right of appointing the preachers from period to period, and the trustees, in conjunction with the spiritual officers of the rpspectivc societies, have the prerogative, according to certain regulations, of guarding against antiscriptural doctrine-im- morality of conduct-or the mal-exercisc of dis- cipline-having the power, by the rules of the connexion, to correct any such evils, that might unhappily occur. Referring to the relative po sitiqn of Methodism with other christian bodies, it might be counted invidious and indelicate to institute comparisons. Suffice it therefore to say, that they are enemies to none-but desire to express their friendship to all-and nSfar as cir- cumstantial variations will allow, they are well disposed to co-operate with all who hold the head -" IÇndçavouring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace," " with one mind strvung together for the faith of the gospel." " ' My christian friends, w e at o, or ought to be, engaged in a great w ork- not merely the erection of temples composed of wood and stone-but tho great Spiritual Temple the Church of God, who has laid " in Zion a chief corner stone elect and precious." It behoves in us, in our re- spective spheres, to address ourselves heartily to that part of the work which the Great Master Builder hath assigned us. " On minor points, let us avoid the interrup- tion and delay which might be occasioned by un- profitable contentions-and say with a good man of old-" 1 am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down, why should the work cease while I leave it and come down to you ?" " Thufc being united and steady to our pur- pose,, it ihall come to pass " that the mountain of the Lord's House shall be established on the top of the mountain-and shall Be exalted above the hills-and all nations shall flow unto it. "r Bearing in mind that this glorious super- structure is to be completed, " not by might, nor by powbr, but by my spirit saith the Lord," " and he shall bring the headstone thereof with shout- ings-grace-grace unto it." His Excellency Sir Joint Franklin then proceeded to the corner of the building where the stone was to be laid, arid in a very impressive manner, per- formed the usual ceremony, in the name of the Father, and of the Soil, and of the Holy Ghost. A document on which was engrossed a sketch of the riso and progress of Methodism in Van Diemen's Land, in- cluding the names of the principal offi- cers of the connexion, and the trustee's of the chapel, also several pieces of coin, of ancient and modern date, were placed in a bottle, enclosed in a copper case, which Sir John deposited ia a recess which had been made for the purpose in the stone. His Excellency then de- voutly prayed that the blessing of the 'Great Ilead of the Church might ac- company the undertaking, Tuid the labors of those who might officiate 'therein as ministers of the Gospel. Then .turning to the 'surrounding'spec tators, His Excellency most pathetically and appropriately addressed them on the solemnity" of the occasion, expressing his high gratification at witnessing such1 an assembly, met for so sacred and delight-, ful an object. The 'interesting service! was concluded by the children of 'the Sunday school, singing a suitable hymn,' and the Rev. Mr. Manton, and the Rev. Mr. Butters engaging in prayer. ' All present appeared to participate in a'feeling which was in perfect accordance with the season of the year, and the cir- cumstances which had brought them to- gether. ! 