Cape of Good Hope and Van Diemen's Land. The arrival of the Brilliant from the Cape, December 2nd, brings our files of De Zuid Afrikaan, to December 1st, and of the Graham's Town Journal, to November 23\. There appears little in them to in terest to the general reader. The following are from the Hobart Town Journals. New Wharf, Jan. 4.--We are not en abled to quote any visible alteration in the prices of market produce this week. - potatoes £10 10s. to £11 1 lOs. per ton, Walker's Mill. - A larger supply of wheat has come to town this week, and prices about the same- fine flour £18 to £20 per ton, pollard and bran is 6d. per bushel. We understand that Captain Cheyne, the Director General of Roads' and Bridges, has recently thought proper to sell by auction(a prisoner overseer of one of his gangs acting as auctioneer,) six bullocks, the property of the public. The alleged cause of their sale was that they were too fat. A butcher named Sparrow, was the purchaser at five pounds each. Now for the consequence. Captain Cheyne has purchased six other bullocks to replace those sold,at the price of fifteen pounds each ; and strange to say, they are also unfit for his work, being too lean. The account then thus stands--the prisoner auctioneer sells to the fortunate butcher Sparrow, six, too fat bullocks, the property of the public, for t/drt~y pounds.-Captain Cheyne purchases, with the public money, six too lean bullocks for ninety pounds.- Colonial Times. A BARGAIN.-Mr. Macmichael has rented Captain Banster's estate, consisting of 15,000 acres, 5000 sheep, 50 cows, a considerable number of' horses, bullocks &c.;, with an ample stock of carts and farming utensils, for £1200 per annum. Either the wool kings are less royal, or this is a great bargain:-- Ibid. His ExcellenCy Sir John Franklin leaves Hobart Town on Monday next. It is his Excellency's intention to make a complete tour of the located portion of the island. He will visit Circular Head, and also Swan Port. It is expected that he will not re turn to Hobart Town for two months.~ Ibid. NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, HOBART TOWN.— The imposing and interesting ceremony of laying the "corner stone" of a new Wesleyan Chapel, in Melville-street, was observed on Tuesday afternoon last, the 26th of December. A very large and respectable company of persons, it is adjudged not less than two thousand, were assembled to witness the ceremony. His Excellency Sir John Franklin, accompanied by Lady Franklin, Miss Franklin, Captain Maconochie,, and the Honourable Henry Elliot, arrived punctually at the time appointed, viz. 4 o'clock, P. M. The service commenced by singing an appropriate hymn-after which, the Rev. Mr. Miller engaged in prayer. An introduc- tory address was then delivered by the Rev J. Orton, after which His Excellency Sir John Franklin pro ceeded to the corner of the building where the stone was to be laid, and in a very impressive. manner, performed the usual ceremony, in the Name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. A document on which was engrossed a sketch of the rise and progress of Methodism in Van Die- men's Land, including the names of the principal officers of the connexion, and the trustees of the chapel, and also several.pieces of coin, of ancient' and modern date, were placed in a bottle, enclosed in a copper case, which Sir John deposited in a recess which had been made for the purpose in the stone. His Excellency then devoutly prayed that the blessing of the Great Head of the Church might accompany the undertaking, and the labours of those who might officiate therein as ministers of the Gospel. Then turning to the surrounding spectators, His Excellency most pathetically and appropriately addressed them, on the solemnity of the occasion, expressing his high gratification at witnessing such an assembly, met for so sacred and delightful an object. The interesting service was concluded by the children of the Sunday school, singing a suitable hymn, and the Rev. Mr. Manton, and the Rev. Mr. Butters engaging in prayer. All present appeared to participate in a feeling which was in perfect accordance with the season of the year, and the circumstances which had brought them together.—Courier, Jan. 5. DEATtr or Sta SohN JEvFCOTT.-The following particulars have been communicated to us, by this morning's post, respecting this melancholy event: -" An outlet had been discovered from Lake Alexandrina to, the sea, which he, was engaged in examining with Captain Blenkinsop, and five sea men, in a whale boat. It appears that while so occupied, a quantity of whalebone was disdovered lying on a dry beach, which Capt. Blenkinsop, not willing to quit so valuable a prize, stowed into his boat to such a degree that she lost her buoyancy, and on coming into a heavy sea swamped, when Sir John Jeffcott, Capt. Blenkinsop, and two of the sailors perished. The rest, who were good swimmers, attained the shore. This melancholy and fatal occasion formed Sir John Jeffcott's third peril by water, within a narrow space of time. He was first wrecked in the Isabella in proceeding to Spencer's Gulf, and had taken his passage to return here in a vessel called the South Australian, which lying outside of the harbour to discharge her cargo, was driven ashore in a gale. Sir John Jeffcott, at the period of the fatal occurrence, was preparing to return to this Colony; and we learn, at the same time, that the Colonial Advocate of the settlement of South Australia had united his name to the list 'of resignations and dismissals, rendering the government of that colony a sort of absolute monarchy under the dominion of Governor Hindmarsh, a perfect Sancho in extravaganza without his drollery and well meaning.-Cotrier, Jan. 5. • Da. LnoTSKY.-=-The Doctor has'issued bards of aumIRsuoi0to MsuICfr wcneltauceunurtwuatcu . sue mises to the good people of the" town, before quit: ting for England on the way to his native Germany. -Murray's Review, Jan. 3. We understand a gentleman holding a high situa tion in the Hobart Town Police, is in expectation of shortly receiving a 'hundred thousand pounds to be let out, on security in this Colony. A gentle man high in the legal profession, is also in expec tation of receiving about two thousand pounds for the same purpose. These odds and ends, with the new Bank, will make money plentiful.-Colonial Times, Jan. 2. 