JiUTOBIOGRAP.HICAL SKETCHES. From the Metropolitan, February, 1838. BY MRS. CRAWFORD. Concluded from our last.) The tiny after the departure of his friends from Eaton Fall, Lord G handed his faithless wife into the carriage, promising to follow her in three days, if the business that detained him would permit. The countess, little dream ing of the plot laid against her, was observed to be in high spirits, and chatted away to her mind ; while Thomas, rousing himself occasionally from deep reverie, looked back, to discover whether the duke was following them. In those days the roads was so dreadfully bad, that a journey from Chester to London was the most tedious and fa -liguing thing imaginable, being hardly accomplished in less than a week. On arriving at the inn where she usually rested for the night, Lady G-, corn -plaining of fatigue, retired almost imme- d at ely to her chamber. Old Thomas contrived to secure a room at no great distance from his lady's and as soon as she had supped, he went up to his domicile. Shading the light of his candle, he Safe down in a chair by the side of the door to listen, in a few seconds after the clock had struck ton, he heard footsteps coming down the gallery; and presently a gentle tap at Lady G's bed-room door, which was quickly opened, and the person, whoever it might be, went in, when the door was locked. Thomas's anxiety now began to in- -crease, as he reflected on the probable tissue of the night's adventure, and safe listening to the footsteps of the inmates of the house, as they one after another retired to rest. The clock had scarcely finished striking twelve, when the old butler heard the trampling of a horse's feet advancing towards the inn at a gallop and in another second the traveller had alighted - "There his lordship comes, for sure!" exclaimed Thomas; and tak sup up the light he went down stairs. Lord G-, (for it was he,) muffled up in his roqueLaure, had already entered the public room ; which, being long since cleared of the other guests, he and the butler had the opportunity of conversing together without notice or observation. " Well, Thomas, any tidings of the Duke?' The old man then related what he had heard. Whereas the chamber?" asked the earl, in breathless agitation. Thomas led the way, but had not advanced many steps before he stopped . " For God's sake, my lord, give me those pistols. Consider what he is that has wronged ye the great Duke of Cum berland the king's uncle If your Lord ship takes his life, you will surely die for it." " He shall die first, any howl" cried 'the earl, advancing along the gallery. "'* O my dear master! for the love of God give me the pistols ;" and Thomas fell at his lordship's feet. .' Here, at a lone inn, if ye shoot the duke, who will stand up for ye?- no one will listen to one for the love I bear ye." " There-take them !" said Lord G-, and at the same instant drawing his sword, he advanced to the door of the countess's apartment. It was locked. The earl set his whole strength against it; it gave way ; but the duke, who had sprung out of bed on the first alarm, eluding the pass which the enraged earl made at him with his sword, escaped out of the chamber. His royal highness made a precipitate retreat from the inn, and did not again visit Eaton Hall. It is not improbable that Lady G might, in some degree, endeavour to pay little or excuse to her own mind the fatal lapse of which she had been guilty, by the peculiar circumstances of the temptation under which she fell and persons in general are but too ready to lay some such " flattering unction" to their souls, for every violation of religion or morality, which it may happen to suit their purpose to commit. In this case the tempter was a man distinguished alike for his rank, as bravery, and his military talent. He was a prince of the blood royal. He was a skilful and courageous warrior, and he was looked up to as the saviour of his country. In a word, he was the great Duke of Cumberland. Alas ! for these and all such excuses ! insincerity is of two kinds, and by far the most fatal is that which we practice on ourselves. We must all learn, with a view to our real happiness, to weigh our own conduct, and its motives, in a more just balance, before the scales are finally taken from our own hands, and placed in those of an unerring judge, who will then weigh with the minutest accuracy, and exact to the last, yes, the last farthing. A melancholy event was narrated to me, when at Chester, which may perhaps furnish a seasonable warning to young persons, who are too apt, at a period of hilarity like Christmas, to indulge in playing off jokes upon their companions. It is a thing I was never very fond of in my own juvenile days and probably for this reason, that so many were practised upon myself. But to my tale. It was Christmas time and at an old country house in Cheshire, belonging to a medical gentleman,(Ireally nowfoigetthe name,) who had retired from practice, a large party of young folks were assembled, to do honour to the honours of that merry- making Season. The house was very ancient, and reported, after the manner of all old places, to have the privilege of being haunted, as (it was boldly asserted) certain strange knockings and ominous appearance had abundantly test i lied. Presuming upon these circumstances, the youthful visitors performed many little fooleries night after night, and many delightful frights crowned their efforts to exceed the pranks of the real ghost. But one young lady of this Christmas party, indeed the daughter of the host himself, was not to he so easily frightened. She was a beautiful girl, highly accomplished, and from her amiable manners, a general favourite : but the very difficulty of exciting in her mind any unreasoning fears, like those of her companions, stirred up the whole body of incorrigibles, to lay their busy heads together, in order to elicit a plot sufficiently clever to accomplish their purpose. A young gentleman, to whom she was engaged to be married within a short period, and who was then staying at the house of Mr.-, was induced to become a party in the joke. A skeleton was procured, and placed behind the door of Miss - - * '6 chamber, and so contrived, by the introduction of strings through a crevice, that it should extend its arms towards her on entering the room. The evening had passed joyously round the family hearth for it was Christmas eve, and all the little local pastimes common to the occasion had been protracted to a late hour. At last, the young lady retired to her chamber and the youthful conspirators crept on tiptoe to the door to listen. All was still within. Having waited for some time, and feeling at length convinced that she was not to be frightened, they knocked at the door, and laughingly asked her how she liked the ghost; but there was no reply. Becoming alarmed, they then went to inform her father, who immediately opened the door, and entering the chamber, found his darling child in a state of helpless insanity, from which, lamentable to relate, she never afterwards recovered. Thus, from a Christmas frolic, was society robbed of a lovely and estimable member, a proud and happy father changed to a sorrowful mourner, and a devoted lover stripped of the object, with whom he had counted on years of wedded happiness. The Nashville Banner has received an exchange slip, announcing the marriage of a Mr John Julius Sweet to Miss Anne Sour, and the editor says he has no doubt they are going extensively into the lemonade line. The same paper contains the gratifying intelligence that Mr. Peas of Connerville last week presented her husband with three young peas, and that Air. P. is so proud of them that he has slowed them away side by side in a pod-shaped cradle, freely exhibiting them to all comers. 