A SCENE IN HIGH LIFE. pre > . de (From Fraser's Magazine for November. About them blue water bowls which are brought in after dinner, and in which the company makes such a bubbling and spirits ; people should be very careful in using them, and mind how they hire short-sighted servants. Lady Smigsmag is a melancholy instance of this. Her ladyship wears two rows of false teeth (what the French calla rattler and is, every body knows, one of the most absent of women. After dinner one day at her own house she whips out her teeth, and puts them into the blue bowl, as she always did, when the squirting time came. Well, the conversation grew animated and so much was Lady Smigsmag interested, that she clean forgot her teeth, and went to bed without them. Next morning was a dreadful disturbance in the house sun had had stolen my lady's teeth out of her mouth I But this is a loss which a lady don't like positively to advertise ; so the matter was hushed up, and my lady got a new set from Parkinson's. But nobody ever knew who was the thief of the teeth. A fortnight after, another dinner was given. Lady Smigsmag only kcp a butler and one man, and this was a chap whom we used to call, pro- fessionally, Lazy Jim. He never did nothing but when he couldn't help it he was as lazy as a dormouse, and as blind as a bowl. If the plate was dirty, Jim never touched it until the day it it was wanted, and the same he did by the glass ; you might go into his pantry, and see dozens on em with the water (he drank up all the wind which had been left in 'em since last dinner party. How such things could be allowed in a house, I don't know ; it only showed that Smigs- mag was an easy master, and that Higgs, the butler, didn't know his business. Well, the day here for the second party. Lazy Jim's plate was all as dainty as possible, and his whole work to do ; he cleaned up the plate, the glass, and everything else, as he thought, and set out the trays and things on the sideboard. " Law, Jim, you jackass," cried out the butler, at half-past seven, just as the people was a come down to dinner; " you've forgot the washhand basins." . Jim spun down into his room, for held for- gotten 'em, sure enough ; there they were, however, on his shelf, and full of water ; so he brought 'em up, and said nothing ; but gev 'em a polishing wipe with the tail of his coat. Down ken the company to dinner, and set to it like good runs. The society was reg'lar dis. tangle (as they say) : there was the Duke of Ilaldcrsgit, Lord and Lady Barbikin, Sir Gregory Lewin, and Lady Suky Smithfield, asides a lot of commentators The dinner was removed, and the bubble and squeakers (us 1 call 'em) put down and all the people began a washing themselves, like anything. " Whrrrrr !" went Lady Smigsmag ; " Cloocloocloocloophiz !" says Lady Barbikin ; " Goggleogglcoggltblrawaw 1" says Jew in (a very fat gentleman) " Blobblobgob I" began his grace of Haldersgit, who has got the widest mouth in all the pecridge, when all of a sudden he stopped, down went his washhand basin, and he grew such a piercing shriek I such a bust of agony as I never saw, except when the prince sees the ghost in Ilamlick ; down went his basin, and up went his eyes ; I really thought he was going to remick ! I rushed up to his grace, squeezing him in the shoulders, and patting him on the back. Every body was in alarm ? the duke as pale as hashes, grinding his teeth, frowning, and making the most frightful extortions ; the ladies were in as fairly; and I observed Lazy Jim leaning against the sideboard, and looking as white as chock. I looked into his grace's plate, and, on my honour, as a gentleman, among the aims and reasons, there was two rows of teeth I " Law heavens I-what your grace I-is it possible," said Lady Smigsmag, putting her hand into the duke's plate. " Dear Duke of Aldersgate ! as I live, they are my lost teeth 1" Flesh and blood couldn't stand this, and I bust out again, till I thought I should split ; a foot- man's man, and as impregnable as any other to the ridiculous. I bust, and everybody bush after mc lords and ladies, duke and butler, and all everybody except Lazy Jim. Would you believe it He hadn't cleaned out the glasses, and the company was a was/tin themselves in second-hand water, afortnit old ! I don't wish to insinuate that this kind of thing is general ; only people had better take warning by me and Mr. Skeleton, and wash their selves at home. Lazy James, was turned off the next morning, took to drinking and evil habits, and is now, in consequence, a lieutenant general in the Axilliary Legend. 