HOBARTTOWN, FRIDAY EVENI NQ, NOV. 23, 1$38, DODSON AND FCGG. It has often been our lot to have to record Teal examples of the 'Sharp Practice' — and unfeeling extortion so well depicted by the nvriter of the Pickwicklpapprs, by the «la racter therein drawn of Dobson and Fogg. The attention of the government having been strongly directed te the, extortion of the lawyers, principally by our repeated exposure ? of it. The Judges were at last compelled to take some steps to restrain it, and during the time the Thirty Pound Court Act was in operation, there was some cessation of the plundering warfare which the Attorney's had with shameless impunity carried on against *he public and individual prosperity of the colonists. Although Air. Hone took ad vantage of the powers most improperly vested in him by the Act, to allow the Ian* yer« to levy under it, contributions, that to a certain extent defeated the intention of the Act which Was to give the people cheap law. Since thia act has been repealed ; the law yers have again broke loose upon the com munity with fearful rapacity y and Mr. Com missioner Hone has by his recent proceed, .ihgi made the government to a. certain ex tent, the plunderers in those cases where the -lawyers could not fasten their beajtpji..theic. talpns.~ 'When the Thirty Pound Court waii disallowed by the Secretary of State, the whole.of its authority ceased. It became per fectly dead as to every rase wherein the re cord was not complete by execution, follow* ? ing judgement. There were many cases that had been decided in that Court, on which imlcTpmpnt \u*A remained unsatisfied at the. time that its powers ceased. Mr Hone con* linued to hold his Court for all sums below £10, under the original Court of Request'* Act, by some strange piece of Legal Leger demain, which we cannot comprehend. For vre have seen no appointment of a Commis sioner of the Court of Request's, and in fact flu revival of the old Court of Request's Act, notified by the government.- But Mr. Hone is such .an expert rpjiiin- ootio*. -mon,r ? that rjp'8oone'rriave'the cabalistic words of the -Secretary of State swept away the last Court of Request'^ Act with all that derived ex istence fiom ils authority — than Presto— up [ jumps Mr Hone at once with his old ' little i go,' like Jack in the box, all' ready. for ac ;. lion. But he every now and th,en brings in \ the ghost of his. defunct Court to pick the pockets of the suitors — Cases that have been tried in the defunct Comt and on which the ! judgments remained unsatisfied, are entered ; in the new self- revived Court, and all the : fees paid upon them a second time, not as original cases, but as for the recovery. of re ? corded judgements. There is injustice and i -oppression unnecessarily worked in every one of these cases; for the defendant, .whose ne ; cessities have in most cases provented him i from satisfying the judgement, is compelled to pay double fees, the aiugle fee being an ; extortionate amount without precedent in any ? j other 3imilar Court in the world, a tax levied ^| upon poverty and distress, but the exaction f of i lie double fee is barefaced Jraud, which | ilie conceited obstinacy of the Commissioner If causes the government involuntarily to per \\\ petrate on the community. If these judge j menr cases are to go through the farce of !; being tried over again, surejy they ought to )j go through it without the tax of a fresh fee. \v But, we saw a gross act of injustice comrnil 1 ted in, consequence of this revival 'of judge || ment Bystem, being followed, in place of try |1 ing the case de Novo. \i A case below ten pounds, was tried in the i Court of Requests, during1 the existence of the Thirty Pound Act, in absence of the ?' defendant, who, having in mind the sort of | proof that was required from him whan lie 1 sued for undefended debts, felt satisfied that I the plaintiff's own witnesses must either tail | ia their case, or unavoidably make out a I case for the defence. When the' case came \ on a second time, he represented to the Com* i missioner that h'e had a good defence, and 'I: that he expected that the merits would be |. gone into ; he also objected to the claim jj for double Court costs, but this was all over I rulud, and a verdict given on the former i Judgment, with costs on each trial. It was ;, also most remarkable, that no person was 'A present for the plaintiff. It is pioposed to ;, bring this case under review in the Supreme . f Court, R6 soon as an attempt is made to en force the judgment. We have had several cases brought under our noticeiicompjaining of. the extortions of the lawyers in cases above £ 10, that had been entered in the ex tende« Court of Requests. The Judges of the Supreme Court would not entertain Mr. Hone's judgments, as grounds for judgment in their Court. And dreadful was the rapa city with which some of the minor Dodson's and Fogg's hurried, .ab^ut to catch all the little bills on which they could found costs, which the more respectable members! of the profession wished to avoid meddling with. One case of this sort— euch a decided instance of sharp practice-- -such shameless inde cency of greed to make up costs displayed, that we feel it a public duty to expose the conduct of the attorney, in the hope he and others of the profession may be deterred from encountering the public -odium which, must attach to every case of the same sort— one of those sharp set harpies got hold of a num ber of bills which had been put into the hands of the lay agents in the thirty pound Court summons was forthwith issued. The defend ant sent a horse to a friend in town, with instructions to sell it, and appropriate a part of the money to pay this debt, originally £11 . . TJris friend met the plaintiff, and told him to lookout for a purchaser for lh« horse, and in the meantime not to put the defendant to unnecessary expense. To this he agreed, adding, ' I am very glad I have met you, for the attorney has been bothering me to go and swear the affidavit, ^ which-Lprjomised -ta do to-morrow.' The defendant's- friend then went to the attorney, and offered to sell him the horse, begging him not to put any ex pence* o n. the. bill, as he shb uld hav e the amount the moment the horse, was 'sold . The answer was, in the true Dodsoni and Fogg style, ' I don't care what the plaintiff may say, he has put the bill into inv hands, and r want Mi costs. lie issued the writ, and without at all communicating with the party who had the horse to sell,- and who had a very considerable lien upon him, sent bailiff's, who took the horse off that person's premises, and put him up at livery. Now this costs hunting attorney knew very well that the delay in selling the horse and paying .his client, was merely until the person who had him in custody, had jjotan a«.swer._feoni_ilio defendant7autho'risirig him to close for an offer considerably below the price which he .had put upon the horse But the shark was afraid that his victim would escape without having to pay the costs for which he was gasping. The plaintiff very truly said, when complained to — ' this could not have hap pened if it had been in the hands of my re gular attorney — he would have scorned the action.' We understand that the writ for this original debt of £11, is now upwards of £22, which will be most considerably in creased by the Sheriff's costs. Now the law* yer who -was guilty of this wanton act of legal oppression, is one who has himself often experienced from others that mercy and for bearance which he, on this occasion, so wan tonly refused to extend to his fellow man. We know that the law sanctions these pro ceedings but must not the indignation of every hone 4 man be excited against tha man who could thus wantonly take advantage of the power that he possessed to distress, his fellow creatures. We have for some time allowed the Dodsou and Fogg gentry to carry on their malpractices with impunity, and we find that presuming - n our silence— they have been carrying then practice, to a most shameless pitch. We saw the other day a tax-d bill of costs in the cas« of M?ArdellwersMs Gibson, where the original bill was £162 odds — the jjtim taken off was £100 odd, leaving about £53, orabuut one third of what 'Fogg' had the conscience to charge. We will now keep a head constantly standing for * sharp practice,1 and we re quest that every sufferer will communicate to us his case, properly authenticated, and we will not fail to drag .these scourges of the colony fully before the tribunal of public opinion — setting their vengeance at de fiance. - 