LABOUR. The settler in every new country, where it is found that land may be turned to a profitable account, is invariably embarrassed with the difficulty of not being able to en- gage labour to the extent he requires. Since it has been discovered that the waste lands of this Colony may be occupied with advantage, the settler here has proved no exception to the rule ; he is sensible of the same want, and, at the present time, severely feels the inconvenience of an in adequate supply of labour. In the earlier history of the Colony, when land was con sidered valueless, labourers were more numerous than necessary, and con sequently, were rather an incumbrance than otherwise: but since it has been discovered that New South Wales possesses a pas- turage suited to the production of a wool of peculiar quality and great excellence, the state of affairs, in this respect, has undergone a complete change. The pri- soner, so far from being a useless and heavy burden on the state as formerly, has grown into the importance of a valuable labourer, and the settler no longer confers an obligation by relieving Government of the expense of maintaining its wards. The unfailing resource of the settler in bygone times, the Government, has ceased to supply the Colony with the requisite amount of labour; and the land funds, long husbanded, have at length been ap plied to make up the deficiency. But even this additional source of supply has not prevented some of our settlers from turn ing their attention to India, where the labour-market is overstocked, and where population has outgrown the means of subsistence. It is to be regretted that the managers of the exportation of Hill Coolies, should have conducted their operations with a meanness bordering on cruelty, and have thereby excited a feeling of abhorrence against the importation itself, which really is only due to the manner in which it has been conducted. If labour were par ticularly wanted, there was no necessity to have been remarkably nice as to the terms on which it was obtained, much less was there any occasion for the use of a gross and cowardly deception, such as that imposed upon the ignorant Hindoo--the idea that he was merely going to work in the Company's garden, when it was intended to transport him beyond the seas, thousands of miles from his home. But, if hitherto this emigration has been improperly conducted, we are not aware of any absolute necessity for the con- tinuance of the objectionable portion of the system, though we confess that our hopes for its amelioration are not very confident. Still we have hopes, and these hopes are based upon the selfishness of men, the very root from which sprang the conduct which we feel bound to censure. Should the demand for labour continue to increase, self interest will teach, that not merely in the contract for their labour, but in all subsequent dealings with them, the Hill Coolies must be treated with humanity and generosity. The sugar planter of the isle of France now imports the wife of the Cooly, as well as the Cooly himself. But why? Because the Cooly is found, when accompanied by his wife, to-be so much better a servant- he is so much more re contented. The will of God has been proclaim ed trumpet-tongued, in the universal habits of mankind, ever since the world began, but the planter was stone blind to the fact, till his own darkness was illuminated by his own selfishness- till his own interest operated on his vision with all the energy of golden ointment. " And God said unto them, be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth ;" and (so far as the Cooly was con cerned) the planter said Amen, the very first minute he was obliged to say so, but not a moment before. Had this notable discovery of the sugar planter of the Isle s of France been proclaimed in Scotland, it would have discharged similar functions to those of the witch of Endor in the case of Samuel- it would have unear[t]hed Dominie Sampson in a twinkling, and ghost though he were, he would have e vented a " prodigious," with an emphasis sufficient to have awakened some two or three of his bedfellows. Prodigious indeed' that a man should be more content with than without his wife. The same happy influences may possibly operate in this Colony. Selfishness may, from necessity, array itself in the garb of generosity, and under its auspices, the pro- posed ration for the Cooly may increase ; the clothing may become more plentiful, and, as the planter has not yet taken out a patent for his discovery, the man of wool may go halves with the man of sugar, and opine, that the Cooly may as well pro- pagate as other people, and import the twain, the Cooly and his wife, accordingly. And should the system be improved-if Coolies can be engaged on fair, honest terms, such as they can fairly compre- hend, and in which they thoroughly au'quiesce, we conceive the interests of humanity will he promoted rather by an encouragement of the importation, than r by opposing it. If the labour market of lndia be overstocked, as we have every t reason to believe it is, we mitigate the dis- tress invariably consequent on such a state of things, by removing the superfluous labourers from a scene where they are worse than useless; and, at the same time, we benefit those to whom their lahour is valuable, as well as the labourers themselves, by transplanting them in a r a field where their services are required. By so doing, we are merely assisting in a t natural process. The human family has t been, and will continue to be, distributed v throughout the world by its necessities. li " The land will not be able to bear them." v and one family will take the left hand and I1 another the right, as in the case of Abram g and Lot, to the end of tine. So far as s concerns the Colony, labourers are wanted, ii and as it regards India, labourers are too s numerous, and in these circumstances we read a strong recommendation of the ex- periment, on an improved system, of im- porting Hill Coolies. Some objections have been urged against the importation on the score of colour and religion. The former is too trivial to notice, and as to religion we coneeive it a s matter on which the church may be fairly a congratulated. The enormous sums which fi are annually appropriating for the support of some twenty preachers, ought to make v the prospect of additional labour, or even the appearance of it, truly acceptable to the clergy, if it merely tend to spare their b blushes. If the importation of Coolies can be con- ducted in a Iiberal spirit, we shall be glad a to see it continued ; if the Colony cannot d afford this, it is evident the demand for labour is not yet sufficiently pressing, and the experiment should be adjourned sine die. Several respectable settlers have ex pressed fears, that the land funds,applied to emigration from the mother country, will not afford the amount of labour either ex- pected or required In many cases, the de mands of the emigrants are such as the Colony cannot afford, whilst in others, where engagements have been entered into, there is but little inclination to fulfil them. Should these fears be confirmed, there will be ad ditional cause for adopting the recom mendation to continue Cooly importation, ° always taking care that it should be con ducted properly. [Note on Libra's article, by the Editor.-- Libra advocates the importation of Hill Coolies, provided they bring their wives with 'them, and are adequately remune- ( rated, without noticing that the same re- commendation proceeded from us on the 5th ultimo. This is -not fair. Neverthe less we are glad of Libra's support.-ED] 