Melancholy Intelligence. •< h this the haughty, gallant, gay Lolhario. The dear—perfidious ? Oh ! how pale ht looks." Ia nn obscure chamber, at a remote «nd of the town, dimly illuminated by one solitary rushlight, which afforded light enough to render " darkness" visible, stretched upon a " stretcher," lied poor Sambo! His last moments were fraught with remorse, when contemplating and meditating upon the sins of his youth; and it was with great difficulty that he could breathe. Around the chamber were various utensils; and on the three-legged table a variety of phials, &c.;, containing Nostrums very unpalatable. Close lo the bed-side were many friends, consisting of Dr. Opium, M'Cann, deitrly-beloved Greybeard, and the Rev. Mr. Graves. They endeavoured to soothe the troubled mind, by administering spirit and consolation, but in vain a pale hue overspread his cheek, and a livid whiteness appeared on the body. What a sudden change I He, who a few weeks before liad exhibited himself in all the rotundity and vigour of health, was now, alas! confined. A broken stump of a once beloved pen, and half a sheet of some Colonist paper lay before him, blotted, through vain attempts to write an article for the good of the " people." Dr. Opium having administered a few drops of comfort, the individual partially became composed, and spoke as follows :— Deariy beloved ! I feel that I cannot exist much longer in this frame ; listen then to my " last dying speech." You know how long I have been lying here ; and therefore will perhaps marvel if I now tell the truth. I have been a wicked sinner. I dreamed all last night of AUender! I thought I was burnt in that kiln of bricks, which I seized for five shillings at Richmond. 1 thought a all the men at the New Town farm appeared in " Review" before me. The D t ghost of him against whom I laid seven a informations in the time of Gordon, h Dnke of Richmond, suddenly appeared D before me, and ibe whole thundered in s my ear, Sambo! Sambo ! prepare !! s The fright awoke me; and, on suddenly h ctretching forth my hand, you, my r dearly-beloved Greybeard, appeared instead. But, as I am sure I cannot long o oontinue in this way (here, Dr. Opium administered another dose), I feel bound to make my-only Will, and have ^ presence of you. A convulsive shock teized Mr. Greybeard, whom Dr. Opium recovered, by offering a gill of Red Wine. A difficulty arose, as upon what material the Will should be prepared ; and while that matter was in discussion, young Swartzback glided suddenly into the room. Had a thunderbolt entered the apartment, the consternation could not have been greater ; and the patient suddenly seizing the hand of young Swartzback, violently exclaimed--" Oh ! what a wicked ingr&te; have I been, to sting the band that fed me ? But I am going—I shall see your father, & apologize in my next. Do not write against me when I am gone — It was not my fault—Sir George- Sir George—Hume, Hume I Dr. Opium sagely suggested another dose, observing Sbat the "poison would work its own cure;" and while Greybeard was soothing, his friend drank up all his brandy and water. Mr. M'Cann observed it was Opium. Mr. Swartzback having been accommodated with a stool, Mr. Greybeard prepared the Will, and most earnestly proposed its immediate execution, which being effected, Sambo, muttering a benediction on the Son of the renowned Swartzback, gave up the '* Qhost." Centrary to the usual cus tom, the reading of the Will was deferred to a future day, to be published at Mr. Greybeard's chambers, at the Bear and Ragged Staff, Macquarie-street. Mr. Trotterlegs, in the mean time, having been employed as Agent, to collect all outstanding debts due to the unfortunate man. From a private source, however, we learn that the apportioning of his Estate was vested in the hands of Mr. Nosey M'Cann, who was requested to keep a " duplicate" of the Will, and also lo enter the receipts " in a book to be kept for that purpose;" and a special Committee was appointed, consisting of Black Joe, Jemmy Green the Fidler, and Painter Graves, to carry the resolution into full effect. The last request Sambo had to make to his july beloved Executor, was, that his :.offin might be made by Mr. Baker Dill, of Melville-streeet. A full aclount of the legacies, with a letter jrom the dead, will appear in our next. 