LAUNCESTON: Thursday Mousing, Apiiil 12, 1838. Tf Imr'nlil piee a short hint to c.a impartial nviter, it iroald be to Ml him Us fair. If hr raolrn lo n-uHm upon the -langeniia imapirc oj telling uuhiaiseil truth, let him proclaim war uilli manlinit a li mode !.? pats de I'olc-nnYtff- lo ginc nor (o lake auarttr. If he lelli the crimes of great tnen, they fall upon him with the iron hantls of the law: if lie Mis their virtues, when they hare any, then Ihe mob attach him wilh slnnfcr. But if he regards truth, lei him cipeel martyrdom on both Mcs, and then he tnn.i/ go on /«,£?»; and tills is the coarse I take Mficif-Dc Foe. An American ship, the Tybcc, from Salem til* -4 th of December, brings the astounding intelligence of the revolt of tlie Canadians. We inav say astounding, iIiomjjIi the news is sncli us might have been expected by any iipisoti acquainted with tlie state of ufi'.-.irs in Canada ; liut however prepared for national convulsions, the first overt net of rebellion carries wiih it a startling effect. We are in debted Jo tlie True Colonist for the (inrticn - lars in our journal to-day under the head of Cttiiailn ; to which we add the following addi tional intelligence, derived apparently by the Colonist from some private source of informa tion— iiy the arrival of the United States ship Tyhcr from Salem 4tii December, wo have heen favoured with Ame rican panels to the 2mh November, containing the im portant intelligence lhat (he oppression and injustice of the Uritish Secretary of State had nt length exhausted (lie patience of (lie brave Canadians, and driven Ihem lo take up nnns. These iialriots had most prudently waited for the setting in of Ihe frost before they struck u blow. We understand that it will be impossible for Britain to send a shin or a soldier lo reinforce her viceroys in Canada before the middle of May, when tlie ice in the 8l Lawrence breaks up, bv which time the Canadians will not have left them a font of land to disembark upon. The Kovcrninent of the United Stales had refused to ad mit Canadu into the I'nicm, or to lake nny part in the quarrel ; but thousands of the IW.-«w were ready, on their own prirmle nccmint, to join the Canadian patriots in the struggle of liberty. Tiie tiptrit in winch Canadian grievances lias been received by the Home Government is precisely the same as that displayed last century in tlie case of the present Uniled Stales Canada is an appendage to the Bri tish throne ; and the youd government of the Cnnadian people is accordingly a subordinate object to the monarchical supremacy of British rule. In George the Third's reign it was said that the ministry were opposed to the practical assertion of the principle of parliamentary taxation; but the King was resolved upon maintaining it. Hence, while Lord Noutu succeeded in repealing the obnoxious post duties, he was obliged to except the trifliiift duly on lea; and this for the avowed purpose of asserting the supremacy of the Mother Country. When pressed lo consent to a total repeal, his Majesty replied— ' America must (irst lie prostrate at our feet.' Tlie Americans however were no longer in a condition to re main suhject to foreign rule : they felt their manhood as a nation, and were as ready to resist a principle as a practical fr,rievanee. If the courtly on dits of King William's reign are to be credilcd, hie Majesty gave personal instructions lo ihe Canada Commissioners of a very authoritative character, which left these functionaries very little scope for llie use of a conciliatory policy. The lessons of ihe past century appear to have been wliolly thrown away. In place of regarding the Canadians as a people whose condition has at length given them the character of a nation,— whid, \m forced upon them feelings of national imic pendency, prematurely no doubt from \r'- I ?roveriiiiient, but whicJi the bad system 7i i foreign administration could never iiluninio'v prevent,— Ihe Home Government |wr ,,,' happily viewed the whole subject lhroii.,1: th, mists of feudal and monarchical prpjiuiii.',.' and have seen in the Canadians only a :,.„-, of dependent and discontented Colonist.':. From the extracts given, we cannot j-.u!^r - whether Upper Canada is in a state of rein ?!. ' lion. We lelieve tlie physical strength of ij,, Upper Province to be patriotic ; but ma,,, . Ihe landholders havedeclared iljeinseli-esC:.,i;.' slitntionalisls— we believe the term for ili,.i. attached to the British connexion. What the policy of the Queen's Govc.t ment is destined to be, we have yet to sf. We should hope the more confirmed liberal:.' -, of the British Administration since tlieQuce:i' uccession, would leach her Majesty's advi«c al oiice the wickedness and folly of a Or ; War. We are tempter! to hope lhat tl... Government will take the course which histor, proves would have been tlie dignified as we1: as the safe one in the case of the old Colon rr Why should not England renounce the Cuu:- das? Govern yourselves, we would have Ik-.' say ; you arc discontented with the terms upo:. which alone we have thought proper to mi over yon ; we will leave von then lo yourself ; We will withdraw our armies, and our oi .: funclionarics, and henceforth be tlie State ???;' Canada. — We are convinced this will be i'. j language of the British people. What course will the United Slates pursiu It is said they will be neutral Will they oil . mediation ? It is the wise American policy t.-. avoid war ; but ihe Suites will be sure to tm : out thousands of restless spirits who will Utn : '.heir steps to Canada as to the Holy Land i-: an American crusade. And what can rcs^-. American rifles in a wooded country ? Th.. Spectator, the organ of R.oebu«:k, when ,h: famous Canada resolutions were passed, snt jresled that one more was wanted— that fill' thousand bayonets should be added to tl:. military force of Canada. Was this said in the spirit of prophecy, or was the realisation of the prediction then foreseen ? Roebuck is now in America. Ihe intelligence before us gives rise to man v serious reflections upon ihe whole system »i Colonial administration. Will any man lie found to say that it is a good one, who is not quartered upon the revenue of some discon tented Colony ? Wshave the Prospectus of tlie Union Bank be- ? fore us. The nominal capita) of the establish- I ment is stated as £500,000. There are eleven directors among whom appears ihe name of Mr. P. Oakden, to whose exertions the Colony is indebted for the establishment of the new con cern. The Union calls itself a bunk of issue and deposit The Directors instance the cur rent rale of the colonial bank dividends at 1£ per cent., as evidence of the advantageous employment of capital in these Colonies : this is InkiM'r the bank lntrifst nt S ner cent: which shews lhat 7 per cent is made upon the deposits of other people — or more strictly upon the credits of other people in the bank books : in other words a solid profit to ilia' extent accrues upon a fiction. To aiTord the purliul corrective which competition presents against the abuse of this principle in banking, we should have preferred the independent establishment of the Union, in place of the I junction which the Prospectus slates is con- I lemplaled, with one of the Colonial Banks; E and we have reason to believe that this opinion I is far from being enlerlaincd by us alone. Ten 9 thousand shares are reserved for appropriation ? in tlie Uolonics. Tne attairs ot the uanK wilt ? jc conducted by a Board of Directors in Lon- I Jon, assisted by Local Directors in the Colo- I [lies. These Directors will be elected at an I annual meeting. But what of the local share- I liolders — will they have no voice in the election I af Directors ? The Union is not a Chartered I Bank, but every shareholder, it is to be re- I membcred, will be personally liable to the full I liabilities of the coparlncry This we regard 1 us a good feature of the establishment, but it 1 is one which renders it highly desirable and necessary for local shareholders lo have a voice in the election of the Directory. We have often thought thut in these home banking con nexions, the bettor plan would be for the capi tul and responsibility to be divided — a certain amount belonging to English shareholders, lo be controlled by an English Directory elected ^. in England, and nnoJhcr amount belonging toff colonial proprietors, with colonial Directors elected on the spot— the united Establishments working for the common benefit. Though the capital is stated at £500,000, business is lo commence when the sum of £100,000 is subscribed for. This we presume (o be already done ; it being generally under stood that Mr. Oakden, who has arrived by the Clifton, h about making immediate ar rangements for setting; the establishment at work in Latmceaton. We should hope to see a recal of the Go vernment deposits in the Banks speedily fol lowing the introduction of any considerable amount of banking capital into the Colony. It is a pity that so much brilliancy as is dis played in the following should be lost for wont of due circulation : The Latwaxton Advertiser, in its vxalily advocacy of the ex- Attorney-General, has had the folly to state that rumours had reached Lounceslon, of an open ' split in Hie I lolrart Town cabinet— of eomc spurring between V a cortiiin triumvirate— n concluding scene in which I were indignant retort, rejoinder, and a finale of proffered I rc&ignalioini.; I Uow the editor of the Advertiser can have seriously I given insertion to sucli stuff, ( we have no butter word I at hand to designate ita absurdity) is to us no small matter of surprise. Let him at once declare ic/romiidei Ilia pen, end the public will then be at noloHloeititnatc I (he value of such paragraph*, couched in ambiguous I I terms, and bo irniDandy given, without the mention of | I an? name, as to have the appearance of there Jieing no ' I reference. But of what use is this roundabout method ? ! I Better at once to avow diet a certain Ex, having ' I resigned Ms situation in a pet, U anxious to have an- j I other 'split'— or, in otjior words, an oUier ?'spree'1— be I being fond of them. But we suspect he reckons without I his host, the Tumoured 'split' being only a creation of I the brain— existing precisely in the same 6pot whore I Hamlet saw Uis tathet'a ghost, — 'in my mind's eye, I Horatio.' I This is taken from the HobartTowu Courier. I We should like to know wliat right or reason I 'the Courier has to insinuate that any person I ' guides our pen' other than our own humble 1 self. That the Courier indeed jb without any I free agencj', is fair matter of inference from I public facts. The proprietor of a newspaper | I being also the holder of a government priming I I monopoly whisk yearly robs tbe colonists of j ? tlieir money, is a circumstance which n-ill prim&! I facie sfatnp die politics of that newspaper with I I the character of subserviency, to those whose I fiat would sweep away the monopoly anil all its ? attendant advantages. And any jtrcsum.pt.iou I arising from this cin-.unujtaiwe is strengthened I by the fact that no sooner does a member of the I government resign, thai) be straightway becomes I die object of its petty malevolence. Now we ? should like to be made acquainted with any ? sneaking advantage likely to accrue to u$, because ? we have sided ivifli thotYunctionary— not going ? out of our way to do Jfe, but, cofiskter.tly keep- 1 ? ing in our own prescribed course of politics, j I finding a certain cofuciacnce of opinion between I I us P And until something of this kind can be I established, we take the liberty of pronouncing j I such references as (hose inuiic by the Hobarti I Town Courier to be wholly unwarranted. Hut I |b therein}' use in demonstrating any pi'oceoding I on the part of that sorry journal to be no more I than unwarrantable — a journal which 'dis- I courses amiably' in support of a principle one I week, only to cat its own words in the next ? I Our object however in now noticing; the I Courier is to take the occasion, once for all, of I giving our denial to such insinuations as those I indulged in above. We are wholly free from I any undue influence whatever. Our principles I are our own — die more people coincide with I thein however, the better of course we siru I pleased. As to Mr. Stephen, since that p;eii I tlcman is referred to, from our estimate of liis I personal character we believe the motives which I actuated his public conduct to be good ones; but I as to bis acts, whatever we may think of his I motives — we judge of them by their intrinsic L merits alone. Thus we have opposed ourselves | to several measures which have claimed bim as sponsor j to others we have offered oar appro bation. In both instances we have given our reasons for the opinions we have promulgated ; and those, and not ourselves, should he the object of attack with a candid and honorable adversary. Upon the ' split ' referred to, it is but just to state in plain terms — however unsatisfactory the disclosure may lie to the Courier and those of whom it may be (he mouth-piece — that Mr. Stephen was not our authority. Yet we had it from what should be considered very good authority notwithstanding; though we do not feel disposed to. snake inquisitive people ac quainted wit!) it On the 3d instant a party of gentlemen, resident in the neighbourhood of Hoss, met atMona Vale, the residence ofAV. Kr.niloiit, Esq., for the purpose of presenting Major Tcrkek, of the 50th regiment, mil) a handsome gold chronometer and appendages, as a token of tlie respect in which the gallant officer is held in die district, and as marking the approbation entertained of his ser vices whilst resident in that quarter. Major TimNt:u I had for a considerable time the supe riniendance of the works at Hoss, and during that period gave general satisfaction ; his exertions are stated to have preserved the property of the settlers from depredation, and he had the rare merit of keeping n numerous gang of prisoners in order without hating recourse to sevi-rily. The chro nometer was presented by Mr. Ki»Uflj-K,' who took the j occasion to pay some well-deserved compliments to Major Tubneu. The Mnjor expressed suitable acknowledge ments in reply ; and the company, after renewing (lie festivities of the evening, separated, mutually pleased with (lie object for which vhey had met. Thehf. is a report in town of a recent conflict in the Campbell Town district, between some bushrangers and a parly of military and constables. Il is said that wo . of the soldiers and one constable, are shot dead. We i arc led to understand that the bushrangers ore a parly who 1« ve escaped while on route to Hobart Town for | punishment. This, if the case, is anything but surpris ing under the present method of escorting prisoners. The abolishment of the Transfer System, as a short cut inethod of doing away with the evils which had crept into its practice, Juts created a general feeling of discon- j tent, and by no means tended to Improve (he position held by the Government in the public estimation. The conduct of Hie Authorities in this matter must be the subject of future commentary ? The correspondence which appeared in our last number on (he subject, has caused universal astonishment at tlie paltry quibbling, and the gross incapacity, manifested throughout the Co lonial Secretary's communications. iTuE Extracts in our journal to-day from the London anM. Westminster Iteview, under the head of ' Dissent anV Democracy,' will be found to contain some verv clever, though perhaps not original reflections, on the natural tendency which these kindred conditions in the lay and spiritual world have to a mutual prona^ation of each other. 