<S»l tattings. Among recent presentations to Louis Philippe, at Saint Cloud, was a son of the famous Tippoo Saib. — The number of tourists who have gone up the Rhine during the la9t year, has been esti mated at 150,000. — Mr. Madden has been offered £4,000 to give up his pretended right or patent for holding Donnybrook fair, but he claims £10,000. — The expense of the various public commissioners was, in 1816, £25,000 ; in 1830, it had risen to £65,275; and in 1836, to £127,937. — The pension of £500 per annum, grant ed to Lord Munster, has been re-granted to the Countess, his Lorship having some time since resigned it. — The Colonelcy of the second battalion of the 60th regiment of foot has become vacant by the death of General the Honorable Edmund Phipps. — Her Majesty and Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, have forwarded 1,200 florins to Germany, for the relief of the inhabitants of Schleitz, nearly the whole of that town having been destroyed by fire. — According to a letter from Got- tingeu, the King of Hanover has replied to the petition for an amnesty to some politi cal prisoners, that 44 justice must have its course." — Thirty-three Peers were about to be created by the King of the French ; the peerage is said to have been offered to M. Alexander Dumas, the dramatist, but he respectfully declined. — Mr. Roebuck has announced his intention of trying Bath again, whenever a new election occurs. — The expenses of the Preventive Service, amount to upwards of £582,000 per an num. — It is stated that the ancient family of Sherborne is about to obtain an acces sion of property which will raise the an nual income from £6,000 to £22,000 per annum. — Sir Thomas Tyrwhit Jones, has taken the 44 ribbands" as the regular driver of the Taglioni coach, to and from Windsor. — The charge for admission to the theatres in Shakspeare's time (about 1603) was, boxes Is,; pit 6d. ; gallery Id. — The Duke of St. Albans' will resume the occupancy of the family Mansion, at Redbourne, near Talkingham, in Lincoln shire, which seat the late Duchess never liked, and withdrew from it shortly after her marriage. — It is said to be in the con templation of the French Ministers to pro pose to the Chambers a plan for the com pletion of the Louvre— The number of sui cides in France, in the seven years that have elapsed since the revolution, is stated in one of the Journals at 17,000, which averages rather more than 2,500, per an num, or nearly eight a day. As, however, the number of ascertained suicides reported to the authorities, is supposed to bear only a small proportion to the real amount, it is reckoned that the number of suicides in France is no less than 20 per day, or nearly 7,500 per annum. The Eglantine New York paper, has the following bit of of the sublime: — 44 The Ostrich uses both legs and wings when the Arabian courser presses on her rear ; as the winged light nings leap from the heavens, when the Eternal has unbound their bolts, so does a litile nigger run like the devil when a big dog is afier him ! !" — The late Sir Eger- ton Brydges is said to have written, in the course of one year, no less than 200® sonnets. — At the concluding of the last General Committee of the BritishAssocia- tion, held at Liverpool, various grants of money were awarded for the prosecution of different objects of research. — The total amount of grants for last year was £3,057 exceeding by more than £2,000 the grants of any previons year. — A musician gave as a reason for leaving an Orchestre, that he never was at rest among such discordant performers; the violinists were always get ting into scrapes, and the Irumpeters and drummers constantly coming to bloivs.. — A French print says that M. de Beriot, the husband of the late Madame Malibran, was about to marry the daughter of the French Consul at Brussels — The Captain of a vessel recently arrived in England, from Constantinople, states that several English and Austrian ships, had been attacked by pirates in the Archipelago. — Sir WalteT Scott, alluding to the amount of a tailor's bill on fitting out his son for a Cavalry Officer, says — 44 They say it takes nine tailors to make a man ; apparently one is sufficient to ruin him." — The greatest re ceipts ever known for twenty-six nights were during Master Betty's engage ment, from 10th December, 1804, to April 6th, 1S05. The best house he ever played to was £763 3s., (this was his thirteenth night), the worst was £505 8s., (his twenty- fourth night). In twenty-six nights the sum of £16,386 9s., was taken at the doors of Drury, to witness master B's per formance of Douglas, Tancred, Romeo, Frederick , Achmet, and Hamlet. — The Dutch have a proverb, that 44 thefts never enrich, alms never impoverish, and pray ers hinder no work." — In furtherance of I he great object of steam-navigation to In dia by the Red Sea, the East India Com pany were lately loading vessels of the largest class with Welch coal, in South Wales, for the depots at Mocha, and Bom bay. — The New York loco foco press sup poses that Mr. Poinsett, one of the Cabinet, is a Bank man, and therefore proposes that the 44 Government do forthwith counter balance his influence by taking Colonel Benton into the Cabinet," upon the pre cise principle recommended by Dr. Aber- nethy : — 44 I have swallowed a mouse !" whined the patient, " what in the world shall i do ?" 44 Swallow a Car," said the Doctor. — The Gorgon steam-frigate, which was launched at Pembroke, in Augustlast, has been fitted with two engines, of 110 horse power each. Her armament has also been completed, and consists of 14 long 32-pounders, and 14 28-pounders, on circular sweeps. She will either steam or sail. The number of slaves in the United States is about two millions and a half. No one State has a right to interfere with tho domestic affairs of any other State ; neither does Congress possess that right. There fore the question of slavery in Louisiana, Virginia, Alabama, &c.;, is entirely a ques tion for the consideration of the citizens of those States, although the abolitionists of the north endeavour, at every meeting of Congress, to make slavery a national af fair. — The France announces, in positive terms, an approaching marriage between Don Carlos and the Princess de Beira, sister to Don Miguel, and also to Don Car- los's late Consort. — A German paper says that the King of Naples intends to do away with the separate administration by which Sicily has hitherto been governed, and to divide the island into two provinces, to he placed under the immediate direction of the Neapolitan Ministry. — A correspond ent of the German journals, at Naples states that an Englishman having lately obtained permission to live for a fortnight in one of the houses recently cleared at Pompeii, had it completely restoied to its original style ; and with his family and servants, having assumed the ancient Ro man costume, lived there during the whole period, like a citizen of the republic, making the perusal of the classics his sole amusement. — According to an account published officially by the Austrian Go vernment, 67,455 individuals were re lieved as paupers in Vienna, in the course of 1836. The population of the city is es timated at 356,000, consequently nearly one-fifth of the population of Vienna are paupers ! The money expended for their relief amounted to a million and a half of florins. — The practical joke of some mem bers seizing a new Speaker, when chosen by the House of Commons, lifting him off the floor, and thrusting him into the chair, though un worthy the gravity of the senate, was practised towards all speakers previous to the election of Mr. Abbott, (the late Lord Colchester), who successfully re sisted the folly and would not submit to it, since which it has never been attempted. — In the year 1776, it was found necessary in consequence of the numerous defalca tions in the returns of plate, to institute a rigorous system of enquiry, and to com pel, under the penalties awarded by the Act, a true account of the quantity kept by each individual. A p eremptory notice of this kind, but couchedj in very respectful terms, was sent to the celebrated John Wesley. The following was the charac teristic reply : — 44 Sir, I have two tea spoons at London, and two at Bristol. This is all the plate I have at present, and I shall not buy any more whilst so many round me want bread. I am, Sir, &c.;" — During the first six months of the la st year, the mines of Russia yielded 143 poods and 13 pounds of gold, and 62 poods and 27 pounds of plalina. — The Chamber of De puties of the kingdom of Bavaria have voted a new code of Criminal Law, by one of the clauses of which the punishment of the bastinado is done away with. — A lady the neighbourhood of Egham had given e whole of the compensation she received a slave-owner, amounting to a consi- :rable sum, towards the endowment of a »vv church in that vicinity. — Samuel Wes- y, the celebrated musician, died in Oc- ber last, aged 71 years. — Remember says aleigb, that if thou marry for beauty, iou bindest thyself all thy life for that hich perchance will neither last nor please ee one year ! and when thou has it, it ill be to thee of no price at all, for the ssire dieth when it is attained, and the lection perisheth when it is satisfied. — n the 32nd of Henry the Eighth, Henry !ree, Mayor of Chester, in order to distin- uish the head-dress of married women :om the unmarried, commanded that no umarried woman should wear white or ther coloured caps, and no woman to mar any hat unless when she rode or went broad into the country (except sick or ged persons), on pain of 3s. 4d. — The alary of the Duchess of Sutherland, as distress of the robes, to Her Majesty, s the same as that of the late Master of the obes to His late Majesty, £850 per innum. Sir George Seymour was Master >f the robes to the late King. — The King )f the Netherlands has sent the Grand Cross of the Netherlands Lion to the Em peror of Austria, as a new pledge of the amicable relations subsisting between the two Sovereigns.— The Ecclesiastical Au thorities of Cologne gave notice that in November last, would be celebrated the 10th secular jubilee, in honor of St. Ursula, and tire 11,000 virgins, who, in the year 237, are stated to have suffered martyrdom in a field just outside the City.— An Englishman, with a diving bell, has been creating a great sensation in Constanti nople. He is said to have laid before the Sultan a plan for fishing up whole moun tains of treasures from the bottom of the sea, and getting up two or three old guns that are supposed to be lying there. — One of the most savage things ever uttered by Johnson was to his old pupil and friend i t l...a tvia fknofro ' ' uarricK. "iiow iudvc4uiucuiucniu».»v, said the latter, " 1 will sit down and re view Shakspeare." " 'Tis time you should," exclaimed Johnson, " for I doubt if you ever examined one of his plays from the first scene to the last." American Wrestlers. — After dinner we adjourned to witness a wrestling match between Jacko, a member of the Came- roons Club (whom we had brought over for the purpose), and the champion of Calabar. The stakes were, two chests of guns, two barrels of powder, and ten pieces of cloth, altogether of the value of £40 or £50, and as the match had been long talked of, ex- cited great interest amongst the inhabitants. The wrestlers were both powerful men ; but the Calabar hero had evidently been sleep ing upon his laurels, and was too much in flesh. Jacko was not so tall as his an tagonist, but was, I think, without excep tion, the broadest man over the shoulders 1 ever saw — his legs and arms were lite rally cables of muscles. They were both oiled all over, and commenced p'ay by ap proaching each other in a stooping position, scraping the ground with their hands, to get theland to adhere to their oily fingers. The Calabar made the first spring, which was skilfully avoided by Jacko, who as his opponent flew past him, caught him by one of his ancles, and throwing him a complete summerset, landed him on his back with a shock that left him insensible for a few mi- nutes. They were re-oiled, and made play a<rain more cautiously. now saw an interesting display. Laying their left hands upon each others' shoulder, they alternately caught at the heads and legs of each other. After a severe struggle the victory was again Jacko's, who took his gigantic antagonist under the k-nee, lifted him fairly in the air, and threw him in the most approved style, his shoulder blades first touching the ground. Although there were between 2,000 and 3,000 people present, and their champion had been over thrown, the greatest good humour prevailed, and the two principals walked off the ground, the observed of all observers, in a most amicable way. — Laird's Narrative of the last expedition into Central Africa. Ireland. — J he government tias at length, after sixteen days' consideration, offered a reward for the apprehension of the murderers of Ganley— I say sixteen days, for although six days have elapsed since' the death of the unfortunate man, yet the murderous assault itself was committed sixteen days ago. It may be urged that the government have now so many rewards to offer for mur der, that they must be economical in what to become a burthensome portion of expenditure; for in last night's Gazette (Oct. G) there are no less than five £50 for the discovery of five murders ! For the discovery of the murderers of— First. Andrew Ganley ; £50. Secondly. For the discovery of the mur derers of a man found murdered in a ditch, county Kilkenny, £50. Thirdly. For the discovery of the per petrators of the murder of Mr. Thomas Strogin, while walking in his own field, on Monday, the 25th ult., in the county of Mayo, £50. Fourthly. For the murder of John Don- nolly, county Antrim, on the 28th ult., £50. Fifthly. For the murder of Daniel Kean, in the county of Clare, £50. Five murders in one Gazette / Oh, blessed tranquillity 1 Post Boys and Donkeys.—" Wos you ever called in," inquired Sam, glancing at the driver, after a short silence, and lowering his voice to a mysterious whisper, " wos you ever called in ven you was pren tice to a sawbones to wisit a postboy ?" " I don't remember that 1 ever was," replied Bob Sawyer. " You never see a postboy in that 'ere hospital as you walked (as they say o' the ghosts), did you ?" demanded Sam. " No," replied Bob Sawyer, " I don't think 1 ever did." " Never knovv'd a churchyard where ther wos a postboy's tombstone, or see a dead postboy, did you ?" inquired Sam, pursuing his catechism. " No," rejoined Bob, " I never did." " No," rejoined Sam, triumphantly, " nor never vill ; and there's another thing that no man never see — that's a dead donky — no man never see a dead donky, 'cept the gen'i'm'n in the black silksmalls as know'd the young 'ooman as kept a goat ; and that was a French donky, so wery likely he warn't vun o' the reg'lar breed." " Well, what has that got to do with the postboys ?" asked Bob Sawyer. ''This here," replied Sam ; " without goin' so fat as to assert, as some wery sensible people do, that post boys and donkies is both immortal, vot I say is this, that venever they feels tbeir- selves gettin' stiff and past their work, they just rides off together, vun postboy to a pair, in the usual vay ; wot become on 'em nobody knows, but it's wery probable as they starts avay to take their pleasure in some other vorld, for their ain't a man alive as ever see either a donkv or a post- boy a takin' his pleasure in this." — Pick wick for October. A late order of the Admiralty has di rected the Captains of ships to report, on their being paid off, after three years' ser vice, the names of three among the seamen and marines who shall have served 21 years and obtained a good character and good certificates. Anyone so reported, if a first class petty officer, will receive a do nation of £15 ; if a second class petty offi cer, £7 ; and if an able seaman £5. The men who shall receive these rewards will be entitled to w©r a silver medal, having on one side the device of the crown and anchor, and on the reverse, " For long service and good conduct." The Queen is the twenty-seventh in regular descent from William the Con queror, and being at the same time thirty- sixth sovereign in succession from the con quest, gives nearly twenty-nine years to a generation and twenty-two years to a reign, in respect of the seven hundred and seventy one years which have elapsed since that period. The commonly received average is thirty years to a generation, and twenty years to a reign ; according to which it appears that the cares or luxuries, or both, of a crown occasion a sacrifice to the wearer of it of one year of life, as compared with ordinary mortals. A Durable Road. — The road made by Appius, the censor, from Rome to Terracina, and afterwards continued to Brundusium, is still, after twenty- three centuries, one of the most remarkable monuments of Roman greatness. 