MR. MANN — ATHENS — AND THE NEWLY DISCOVERED COUNCIL. SINCE the Society for the Diffusion of Useful and Entertaining Knowledge commenced its labors, it has been remarked that the "peoples" acquaintance with Ancient Greece has been considerably extended; and that nu merous grown-up persons who had not in their youth the means or opportunity of ob- taining the advantages of a classical education are enabled from the historical compendium of that country, published by the society, to acquire some general information of the nature and character of the early republics; and even, in some instances, to quote names and to converse with a degree of plausibility on events which, to those still unscathed by birch, might appear " Wond'rous deep and wise and witty!" It indicates, however, melancholy imbecility of intellect in a person who has only drank at the Helicon of Ludgate Hill to set up for an admirer of ancient times, and to babble of the glory of Athens or the renown of Greece. An aberration of this description, if less ob trusive, might give rise to pity; but it becomes irresistibly ludicrous when solemnly exhibited by a Portugal Street practitioner as the genuine inspiration of early love—the natural offspring of long and close intimacy with the statesmen, the poets, and the warriors of that land " Where Delos rose and Phoebus sprung!" These reflections have been suggested by the publication on Saturday last of awhimsical bit of prose-run-distracted by Mr. Mann, ex- Advocale-general—the same fortunate attorney whose conduct the other day was publicly pronounced by the Judge of the Supreme Court to be atrocious ; and whose intellects, we are afraid, by this queer specimen of their produce, are fairly gone a wool- gathering. But as description will do nothing for us, we must even transfer to our dull columns the coruscation itself. So, under favor, gentle reader, here it is :— "Athens has left us imperishable records of a glory which is scarcely of the past—so vividly have the graphic pages of the father of history and the terse but philosophic narrative of Thucydides blended each hallowed scene with our earliest and strongest recollections. All that can fascinate the ear, all that can charm the eye, have been bequeathed to us by the poets, the historians, the orators, the sculptors, the architects of Attica. 'Where'er we tread it 'tis haunted holy ground.'—• Grey Marathons and 'Salamis divine' are still our watchwords, and the majestic symmetry of the Parthenon, and the awe-inspiring lineaments of the Olympian Thunderer, rivet the attention ot a world now as strongly as at the hour when the Persian quailed before the might of the Demos of Cecropia. Yet it is not alone that the relics of the past material and immaterial have thrown a brilliant halo around the city of Minerva. The glorious visions of poet and of dramatist might have sunk into oblivion—the mighty voice which " shook the arsenal and fulmined over Greece" have been eloquent in vain — and yet would Athens have bequeathed us a legacy more en- during than 'storied urn or animated bust.' To her we owe the demonstration of a truth which should never be forgotten by the tree. Through- out the full scope of the Athenian constitution we trace the existance of the prevading convic- tion of one leading principle. Here it is that we first clearly learn that the freeman is not merely one who is surrounded by free institutions, but that he only is justly entitled to that honor- able designation whose head and heart are alike devoted to the furtherance of the institutions which he reverences. The idolator of money, the truckler to rank and induence, the pampered pensioner, the self-seeking sensualist, the design- ing intriguer, may breathe the same atmosphere but have no claim to the same glorious title. They are weeds of a godly soil, but still weeds and noxious. Now the desire to check these moral fungi and to foster the higher and nobler qualities, to make every man, however humble, interested in the institutions of his country, to incite him to watch over them with jealous care, and, if requisite, to sacrifice self to the common- wealth—such was the scope and intent of the laws of Solon—such were the noble aims and ob- jects of the institutions of Attica. These thoughts and feelings, far apart as they seem to be from the every day occurrences of life, have, notwith- standing, been suggested by scenes which we have lately witnessed with equal wonder and disgust. Captain Hindmarsh—a man whose public life has been one series of attempts to render the council of the government of the province a nullity, and to reduce the constitution of South Australia to a Turkish simplicity— has not mere- ly deputed without the hiss of scorn which his actions have so richly merited, but men have been found either so ignorant or so abject as to sign for him a certificate of character." As honest Sancho says—" Here is a pretty rope of onions!" — Athens. Thucydides, Attica, Marathon, Minerva, Solon, Captain Hindmarsh, Olympian Thunderer, Salamis, South Australia, fungi, storied urn, animated bust, and Turkish simplicity. We do not think the fair ladies from London who are recorded in the Vicar of Wakefield to have delighted the parsons wife and daughters by their remarks on "taste, Shakespeare, and the musical glasses," were more successful in their delineations of fashionable life than Mr. Mann has been in his allusion to the Demos of Cecropia. Nay, were the ghost of the great Martinus himself not fairly laid at the antipodes, his disturbed spirit would certainly haunt our Australian [?], after so flagrant an attempt to outrage his memory by spurious imitation. Mr. Mann's purpose in [?] such a host of fine names was probably to compensate by sound what his "thesis" lacked in sense; and the display of his [?] alike in ancient Greek and modern grammar to entitle him to enforce with greater weight his favorite recommendation of "the use of Lindley Murray." But in what manner the example of the Athenians was to be beneficial to the tlcnizens of Southern Australia we cannon con- jecture; unless, indeed, he intended civil strife, and the science of cutting each others' throats to be introduced, which seems after all not to be very wide of the mark. " Should the oc- casion arise," exclaims the warlike attorney— "We will all Fire! " Mr. Mann being out of pay is of course a patriot, and bellows accordingly. "We conjure each colonist," says he, " to emulate the example of the Athenians, and to take that deep and earnest interest in his rights, which, if once imbued, will prompt the mind to resist agression. They only deserve freedom who are prepared at all hazards to defend their rights and privileges from aggression. The first step towards slavery is that unthinking selfishness which shrinks from action because it implies the possibility of some present sacrifice of personal ease or aggrandize- ment. To rise in the scale of human existence to be as Athens of old is a land-mark for the future —to reach a high grade of intellectual strength and power, it is essential that there should be an inbred love of that liberty which teaches man equally to resist the allurements of ease and nerves him to defy the threatenings of danger. Let not the speculator— the mere man of business—think our warning the mere glittering declu- mation of the rhetorician." For our own part we hope no thought so injurious to rhetoric will be entertained. Mr. Mann's warnings, which he himself innocently enough compares to those of Cassandra, are likely only to undergo a similar fate to that worthy madwoman's, the more speedily perhaps because of their superior absurdity. Who in- tends to oblige the Athenisus of Adelaide by making them slaves we know not; but it is clear that in the distempered imagination of Mr. Mann some horrible plot against our liberty exists. He shrewdly suspects that there are Guy Faux's abroad, and rates the people for dozing quietly over a barrel of gunpowder. He has an intention to make a figure himself at all hazards; for while he holds up to public scorn the three hundred "ignorant and abject" gentlemen who signed the address to Governor Hindmarsh for affising their names to the death warrant of South Australian Liberty, he evidently contemplates a rising with his friends and ours— the inlors; — " Of the three hundred—grant but three— To make a new Thermypoise:!" Nothing but a row will save the state. If we do not stir our screams Mr Mann is of opinion and as a member of the council advises, we " will be quite as much at the mercy of any Captain or Colonel, or 'Knight at Arms,' to whose paternal mercies we may be consigned, as they are in other crown colonies." Truly Mr. Mann is a loyal subject and merits pro- motion ; which, if he know not more of law than of Greek, he may yet obtain. But we hasten to notice Mr. Mann's in- genious discovery of a rew or second Council, the existence of which has been cunningly kept a secret, not only from our late good King, his Privy Council, Ministers, and Commissioners at home, but from the Governor, Council, and every body else here—save the [?] Mr. Mann himseff. Ignorant these gentlemen must have been to have named members for only one Council; instructed only one Council; provided only one Clerk of Council; and no- where written or spoken of more than one Council. Mr. Mann, too, having sat ten months in that one Council, never to hin or whisper a word of the other Council daring the whole time, at his retirement or since, up to the memorable 25th July last, are all convincing proofs that his assertion is correct; and that, from the Council now in being, "THERE IS A SEPARATE AND DISTINCT COUNCIL — the common law Council of advice to the Go- vernor!!" It is of no consequence to the fact that the existence of this Council is at variance with all Mr. Mann's former views and recorded opinions. When Mr. Mann was in Van Diemen's Land and since his return he has stated probably in unguarded moments, that he had not resigned his seat in Council. This would have been a "slight deviation from the truth" if there had been only one Council; but there are two Councils, and as no one can sup- pose Mr. Mann coined the second Council to color a paltry falsehood—that explains the whole matter to the satisfaction of every body; and we have the pleasure to add that Council No. 2 is to meet immediately on Mr. Mann's being restored to office. We are graceful to him in the meantime for having added so largely to the stock of Colonial Council, and thankful also for his having ex- pended not merely all the ancient lore he had cribbed from the sixpenny numbers of the History of Greece, but no small portion of his scarcely more valuable knowledge on the sub- ject of kingly prerogative. One illustration of the latter may suffice. Mr. Mann asserts, and to enforce his assertion prints his important remark in capitals, that— " EVERY TYRO IN ENGLISH HISTORY KNOWS THAT THE PREROGATIVE OF THE SOVEREIGN EX- TENDS NOT TO LEGISLATE OR TAX. HENCE NO MERE COMMISSION OF THE KING COULD CONFER POWERS WHICH THE CONSTITUTION HAS NOT VES- TED IN HIM, AND WHICH CANNOT THEREFORE PASS FROM HIM." In a former part of the same argument Mr. Mann maintains "that the officers of this co- lony are appolated by a King in Privy Coun- cil and 'NOT AS THEY ARE APPOINTED IN EVERY OTHER COLONY OF THE CROWN BY PREROGATIVE.' '" Now, will Mr. Mann tell us how it happens that the officers in the other crown colonies, deriving their appointments directly in virtues of the royal prerogative, acting under the Royal Commission, and, therefore, according to his sapient view, not entitled "to legislate or to tax," do, neverthe- less, both of these acts with impunity? But we have no further patience to expend upon this shallow babbler, and gladly re- frain from further notice of his insane dreamings. 