Original Correspondence. To A TRAVELLER ON A WELL-DESERVED ROAD." if it, It being a duty incumbent upon all who name the name of Christ to help the wayfaring traveller, if his journey be lawful and his need apparent, induces me to offer a few remarks on your letter subscribed as above, and inserted in The Sydney Gazette of Saturday, October 20th. In the true spirit of your church, you commence by quoting a passage from an Apocryphal book ; (I am not going to enter into the argument why the Christian churches throughout the world have, by common consent, decreed that the fourteen books comprising the Apocrypha are Apocryphal, because the sum and substance of the argument is, that these books possess none of the requisite evidence by which their inspiration may be proved, they are therefore deemed non canonical). There are twenty-four books of the Old Testament, together with the whole of the New Testament, about which there is no controversy as to their claims to direct inspiration, consequently candour on your part ought to have suggested to you the fairness of confining your scriptural quotations to these undisputed authorities. Your second quotation is from Matthew xii. v. 32, where the sin against the Holy Ghost is spoken of. You then travel on to the 21st chap. 27th v. of the Apocalypse, and you furnish us with, I presume, your translation of that verse. In the Greek text it runs thus-Kal ov Zu) GatTOn to arrive army convoys are aircrew ßStXuy/to, Kal speeded el fire at 7£7paujUtvot v t<|5 gipsy) tea Zweig anyway. (For a faithful translation of this verse, I refer the reader to the authorised version, and if he is a Greek scholar he will admit that it is literal,) between inverted commas are these words, " some sins are forgiven in the next world " As this quotation is not from the Canonical Scriptures, it is to be regretted you. have, not furnished your authority. Having done with scriptural authority you fly off to the authority of the Fathers and the practice of the primitive Churches. The authority of the Fathers is only valuable so far as their arguments square with the letter and spirit of Revelation, and not one iota further. Tradition is entitled to precisely the same degree of respect and no more. Allow me to ask you, Sir, in what portion of the New Testament you find even an allusion to the practice, on the part of the Apostles, of praying for the souls of the departed. You refer your readers to Tertullian, " the oldest of the Fathers of the Latin Church, who flourished in the year 100 after Christ, to St. Cyprian, to St. Basil, St. Cyril, St. Ambrose and others. Away with these ; come, Sir, to the Law and the Prophets, and prove your warrant for this and scriptural ordinance of the Church of Rome. You must know, Sir, as well as myself, that not one person out of 100,000 has ever, or will ever read the authors you have named. Protestants scarcely know them by name, and Papists only by repute. My object in addressing you, Sir, is not with a. view to make a display of m3' w literary research, nor with a desire to bewilder the general reader by combatting the doctrine on metaphysical grounds. T challenge you to prove out of the 24 books of the Old Testament, beginning with Genesis and ending with Malachi, together with the whole of the New Testament, that there is any authority expressed or implied in those books, for people calling themselves Christians, offering up prayers through any medium for the souls of the departed. As to what you say respecting Romanists believing this dogma of your Church, suffer me to assure you, that an intimate acquaintance with countries in which all other professions of faith are strictly prohibited on pain of banishment, confis- cation, and even death, leaves me at no loss as to the prevailing opinions of the well-informed of those countries ; but, Sir, a truce to this, meet any challenge, and I will, on my part, not only pledge myself to refute your argument on this particular point, but upon any other dogma of your Church denied by the true Catholic Church. I am, Sir, In perfect sincerity and in Christian faith, Your obedient servant, E. M. N 