Original Correspondence. Idolatry. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, In addition to what you were so kind as to insert in your journal (No. 4079), have the goodness to publish the following specimens of the idolatry of the Church of Rome in the Roman Missal, printed at, Dublin in the year 1795: Feria G, in parasite, complete as our bombers, secor dos deposits came receded and corner Epistle!, of Un in posterior part anger at Paris accept a second cruiser jam in altars preparation ; quain versa face and popular, a summit ate person davenport incipient solus anticlimax, " Ecce lig- num crucis." Ac defences in I shan't j noa tur in cents a ministris risque and Venice adorning" Choir' and em cantata " Venue adorned," omnes se proscenium, excepts celebrants. Dean de process and interfered parent angels consider corner Epistle, of dheooperiens branching dextrous crucis elovansqtie earn pauper aliens quain prime, ancient, " Ecce lignum crucis," alias cant and bus at adoration, of supra. Dein de Lacerda process and medium altars at dheooperiens concern totality, as elevens came Bertie alias incipit "Ecce lignum crucis," alias cantankerous at adoration, of supra. Ecce lignum crusts in quo saint much depends. Chorus " Venue adorning." Postea ascended solus ports crucem ad locumantealtarcproparalum, et genufiexu» abides earn local : max deposits calccamentU accredit adders dum crucem, ter genuaflectens antcquain can deosculetur. Hoe facto, revert stir at accipit calen ments at casulam. Post modum Ministers altars, dear do all Clerici at Later, bird at him, her omnibus fees, at dictum est, crucem adorant. Thus translated: Players being over, the Priest, having laid aside his casula, approaches the Epistle side, and there, in the lower part of the corner of the star, receives from the Deacon a cross prepared on the altar, which, turning his face to the people, he gradually uncovers from the top, beginning alone the antiphons, " Behold the wood of the cross and then in the remainder he is assisted in singing by the Ministers, until come let us adore." But when the Chorus sings " come let us adore," all prostrate themselves except the person who performs the service. Then the Priest proceeds to the front of the corner of same Epistle side, and uncovering the right arm of the cross, and raising it a little higher than before, he begins, " Behold the wood of the cross, the others singing and adoring as above. Then the Pi west proceeds to the middle of the altar, and totally uncovering the cross, and elevating it for the third time, higher he begins, " behold the wood of the cross, the others singing and adoring as above, Behold the wood of the cross, upon which was suspended the salvation of the world, " come let us adore," Chorus " come let us adore." Then the Priest alone bears the cross to a place prepared for it before the altar, and, kneeling, places it there; presently, putting off his shoes, he approaches to adore the cross, thrice kneeling before he kisses it. When he has done this, he returns and receives his shoes and casula, and afterwards the Ministers of the altar, and then the other clergy and laity, two by two, thrice kneeling as aforesaid, adore the cross. What a parade of will-worship is here? the cross is the object of adoration throughout the whole, as appears from the latter part of this quotation. And when the Priest or Chorus says or sings " come he us adore," the meaning is " come let us adore the cross ' with pros station and kneeling; but it cannot be the cross upon which Christ suffered, it is an image of it made of wood. Adoring, with kneeling and prostration, the real wood on which Christ suffered would be an act of gross idolatry ; how much more gross the adoration of its image? How different was the practice of the Catholic Church in the third century, when Minucius Felix, a member of that church tells us, that they neither worshipped crosses nor wished to worship them ? Adore is derived from ad, os, or is to place the hand to the mouth, or kiss the hand, which done in honor of anything but the Supreme Being was a crime, he. idolatry, as Job says, xxxii, 26. If I beheld the sun when it rained, or the moon walking in brightness, and my heart hath been secretly enticed, or my" mouth hath kissed my hand to adore, or honor either of them, this also had been an iniquity to be punished by the judge, for by this I should have denied the God that is above. But if the worship or adoration of sun or moon is a denial of the God that is above, must not the adoration or worship of the cross, a deaf and dumb log of wood, be a denial of Jesus Christ and of the whole trinity. it is clearly idolatry to fall down either in prostration or kneeling To any visible or invisible being except God, and Christ and the Blessed Spirit, in acts of worship, adoration, or reverence, and also in making petitions to any' beings beside God to grant us or procure for us, favors which God alone can bestow. God only can bestow these favors, yet Roman Catholics petition the cross to get ease grace in them, thus passing by God, the only giver of grace and salvation and Jesus Christ being God as well as man, is the only mediator between God and man and the only procurer of favors from God by his merits, and they who apply to other mediators do their utmost to pass by Christ and his office, with contempt ; they excite his jealousy and wrath against them. They are idolaters. When St. Paul admonished the churches to pray for him, he only reminded them of their duty, to sympathise and play for him, and for everyone orJndividualinChrist'a mystical body, the church militant here on earth : it was not done by way of petition, hut admonition. While Christ's purchased possession are here on earth, their duty is to help one another, and a pray to God through Christ, for one and j (her; but where they come to glory, all their powers will beemployed, in praising Father, Son, and Blessed Spirit for ever. 1 It is their duty while contending against the world, the flesh, and the devil, to assemble frequently together, for the purpose of exhorting one another, and encouraging one another, and praying for one another, that they may not grow weary of well doing, that they may not disgrace their profession, but adorn the' doctrine of their God and Saviour in all things, and that their light may so shine before men, that they may glorify their Father who is in heaven, by the evidence, by their good works, of that grace and holy spirit, which he has bestowed upon them that they may lead holy, harmless, and useful lives, and consider themselves as strangers and pilgrims upon earth, who seek a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God ; their citizenship is in heaven ; fellow-citizens, of the saints and of, the household of God. ,) The Israelites were the true Church of God; but when they admitted heathenish rites and ceremonies, and intermingled them with the worship of the true God, they were conquered by their enemies, and carried into distant lands, where they had not the means of worshipping the true God with those rites and ceremonies which he had prescribed to them. Their kings, princes, and people were carried away captives as slaves into heathen lands some put to death, some deprived of sight, and of liberty. King Ahab said, because the gods of Syria help their kings, therefore I will sacrifice to them that they may help me ; but the sacred historian informs us, that they were the. ruin of him and of all Israel. It were tedious to mention now the various heathenish rites and ceremonies which the Romish ecclesiastics have introduced into and blended with, the pure worship of that God who was in Christ reconciling a sinful world unto himself; but I may hereafter, at another opportunity, delay! some of them. They by their superstitious and idolatrous rites, obscure the gospel of Christ, they keep in constant torture the sincere votaries of their religion, and indirectly encourage vice among the ignorant. A pure church was planted at Rome ; but, if we trace the various heathenish additions and changes which the lusts of ambition, grandeur, and magnificence have introduced into it, and how the pomps and vanities of this wicked world have gradually corrupted it in ecclesiastical life story, we will scarcely at present, be able to find anything like to that primitive simplicity and purity, which reigned there. is that God of his infinite mercy would turn Roman Catholics from the evil of their ways, cause them to renounce their errors, and substitute that pure worship which first prevailed at Home, instead of their heathenish ceremonies, and to preach the gospel in its purity and simplicity, that they may be filled with joy will comfort of the Holy Ghost, and fear of the Lord. Grant this price lion, O God, for Christ's sake. AMEN. 