** - I j*' • ^ j ® . »©SUr|»ction. jB A t 'V 0 "'® b ° Y c , ame ,. n ? e Si,id > ' .la a V. I " ' read, I f ^aa' " New r p , er a 6 i h | - But ar'utbeeu dead at all, said <Silbf g Robertson." ' ^ Old Song. i l . - ! $ considerable sensation was prodn c ® d , ' } y sudden Resucitation a ® b ? a^ -P aBt 3 > M„ on Tuesday i last, of , tIle deceased Editor of tbe ^ Apple's Journal," which occurred in ! , mj 2/" 8lreet — ', opposite uto his U1U old rcsl.Jt resi- K? -® u006, V^ -Jt f( appears »""''»« ,li that lUat » t the lUe life tife «—«'—i havingH havingV jpei^rl ed I fffom from the lllp body, inrlir without «rrifli n.« • beneJit C.B a - i ? f a s tlle officiating Clergy,nianH been r H^. e g»Iarly ordained byi Bishop Knox, and he in consequenceg declined attending the funeral, thef spirit therefore moved by . the idea ofi bpdy 7snatchers, j&c.;, suddenly burst™ frpm .its cbremients,, and vaporing through:tbe tdwn at the angle of Macquarie-street, immediately encountered i wholesale dealer in stimulatingspirits, who had hailed the burial of the Editor as a signal for. the return of peace arid happiness in the land, but who was so suddenly alarmed by his return from the land of spirits, that the hair stood upon his bead "Like.quills upon tlic fretful Porcupine.' He immediately taxed him will) being " absent without leave," which charge was denied in a most gentle manly mnner by ihe vapor whose charm propelled the dealer in compounds, as far as the " stone-build-' ing," in the street before named! a It was an awful sight to witness tbe entree of the formidable pair, attended .^Ji by several Gentlemen in Black, and whei)B tbey entered the building, the human face divine said to the shivering spectre, who was robed in an unearlbly coat, without pockets (probably because he had noose for them in the other world). " Whither wilt thou lead me ?" " I'll go no farther." Pointing to the Information office, the compound dealer then cxclaimcd :— Greybeards and Ministers in black defend us, Be thou a spirit of hell, or goblin d—d Be thy Estatr mortgaged or free, Be thy intents wicked orcharitablc, [Though it",ticli I fear tlijv visit as the former,] Tlimi com'st in so suspicions, like a shape, That 1 will question thee! I'll call thee Sambo. Fiend, Moor, the People's Advocate ; Oil! . answer ine ! Let mc not burst in ignorance ! but tell Why, thy unsightly corpse —" cartcil" by Al- lender, Has burst its cerements—why the hole, Wherein we saw thee quietly shut up, Hath >en'd its ponderous an J ugly jaws, To cast, the up again—what may this mean, That thou dead corse dressed up in Swartz* back's coat, I Re=visits thus tlieffJimpses of the eartli ; > Making night hideous by thy black complexion, And horribly to shake our disposition ; With thoughts WJMSCU beyond the reaches of our ^ysouls. ,lour ' s a,m °st Spectre. come ! F am the " People's" spirit, (Doomed for a certain time to walk the town, "And for the day confined tight fast in bonds. Till the foul lies told while I once was Editor Are burnt and purged away. But that /am | compelled To write those articles by way of living ; I could a talc unfold ! (here be lifted his coat tails.) Would freeze thy bones with horror Human. Avaunt and quit my sight! Thy bones are marrnwless, Let the earth hide thee ; Thou hast no speculation in those eyes, Which thou dost glare with ! Approach thee like the "ragged" Russian bear, [The armed Rliinoccros, Take • nuu any shape miajiu but urn that, mm, and nuu my firm unn nerves simll PI... II never tremble. i ,. I- Or A be L. ALIVK again, • e,d ;ire t" the Paddock in thy Paper ; i ,ffear 1 do cxl ' i W , > tlien protest me, hc shadow of a spirit- hence i Horrible shadow! unreal 1 n monkery hence , Here the Ghost vanished, leaving the astoii! ished multitude to conjecture, as they might nn the result of so sudden a transformation. 