BEAUTIES OF PICKWICK. MOD RIOTS" Nothing but rigorous measures will do in these times," said the magistrate, in a determined manner. " If the authority of the king's officer is set at nought, we must have the riot act read ; of the civil power cannot protect these windows, Crummer, the military must protect the civil power, and the windows too, I believe that is the maxim of the constitution." CHALYBEATE WATER.-" Have you drank the waters, Mr. Weller," inquired his companion, as they walked towards the High street. " Once," replied Sam. "What did you think of them, Sir ?" " I thought as how they were particularly unpleasant," replied Sam. " Oh," said Mr. John Smanker, " you didn't like the chalybeate taste perhaps ?" I don't know much about that ere," said Sam, I thought they'd a very strong flavour of' warm flat irons." ' A TRUTH.-" This is a very impartial country for justice," said Sam. " There ain't a magistrate going, as don't commit himself twice as often as he commits other people." GAOL BIRDS.-" They don't mind it," said Sam, " it's a regular holiday to them- all porter and skittles. It's the other runs as gels done over of in this sort of things there down-hearted fellows as can't swing away at the beer, nor play at skittles, neither; them as would pay if they could, and gets low by being boxed up. I'll tell you what it is, Sir, them as is always a idling in public houses it don't damage at all, and them as is always working well they can, it damages too much. It's unclear, and that's the fault on it, as my father used for to say when his grog warn't made half and half." HARD SERVICE.-" Well, they tell me I am looking blooming," said the man with the cocked hat, " and it's a wonder too. I've been following our old woman about two hours a-day for the last fortnight and if a constant contemplation of the manner in which she hooks and eyes that infernal lavender-coloured old gown of her's behind, isn't enough to turn anybody into despondency for life, stop my quarter's wages." POETRY. Poetry makes life, what light and music do the stage. Strip the one of its false embellishments, and the other of its illusions, and what is here real in either to live or care for? TEMPTATION V. TEMPERANCE.-" Its always the way," said Mr. Smnnker, " if your destiny leads you into public life, and public station, you must expect to be subjected to temptations which other people is free from Mr. Weller," " Precisely what my uncle said, yes he went into the public line," remarked Sam, " and werry right the old gentleman was, for he drank himself to death in something less than a quarter." GENTLEMEN'S suppose the other gentlemen as sleeps here are gentlemen," said Sam. " Nothing but, replied Roker, " one on 'cm takes his twelve pints of ale a-day, and never leaves off smoking, even at his meals." SPECTRAL ILLUSIONS.-" I wonder what the ghost of a mail coach would carry in its bag," asked the landlord. " The dead letters of course," said the bagman. DRUNKENNESS-He walked on as royally tie before, keeping the middle of the road with great dignity, and looking as if he should very much like to meet with some- body who would dispute possession of it with him. A PROPHET-.' What's a prophet?" inquired Mr. Weller, senior, looking sternly on his son. " by a man as tells what to a going for to happen," replied Sam. I wish I'd known him Sammy," said Mr. Weller, '* he might have' thrown some lights on that there liver complaint as we was a speaking on just now." EXPEDITION" Sir" called out Sam to his master, " Well, what now?" replied Mr. Pickwick, thrusting his head out of the coach window. " I wish them horses had been three months and better in the Fleet, Sir." Why Sam, why?" " Vy, Sir," exclaimed Weller, " vy Sir, Lord how they would go if they had been." 