POSTHUMOUS PAPERS OF THE PICKWICK CLUB. THE PICKWICKUNS. (Continued from our last.) CHAPTER X. Clearing up all doubts (if any existed) of the disinterestedness of Mr. Jingle's character. There are in London several old inns, once the head quarters of celebrated coaches in the days when coaches per- formed their journeys in a graver and more solemn manner than they do in these times ; but which have now de- generated into little more than the abiding and booking places of country waggons. The reader would look in vain for any of these ancient hostelries, among the Golden Crosses and Bull and Mouths, which rear their stately fronts in the improved streets of London. If he would light upon any of these old places, he must direct his steps to the obscurer quarters of the town ; and there in some secluded nooks he will find several, still standing with a kind of gloomy sturdiness, amidst the modern innovations which surround them. In the Borough especially, there still remain some half dozen old inns, which have preserved their external features unchanged, and which have escaped alike the rage for public improvement, and the encroachments of private speculation. Great, rambling, queer, old places they are, with galleries, and passages, and stair-cases, wide enough and antiquated enough, to furnish materials for a hundred ghost stories, supposing we should ever be reduced to the lament- able necessity of inventing any, and that the world should exist long enough to exhaust the innumerable veracious le- gends connected with old London Bridge and its ajacent neighbourhood, on the Surrey side. It was in the yard of one of these inns -of no less celebrated a one than the White Hart-that a man was busily em- ployed in brushing the dirt off a pair of boots, early on the morning succeeding the events narrated in the last chapter. He was habited in a coarse-striped waist- coat, with black calico sleeves, and blue -glass buttons : drab breeches and leg- gings. A bright red handkerchief was -wound in a very loose and unstudied style round his neck, and an old white hat was carelessly thrown on one side of his head. There were two rows of boots before him, one cleaned and the other dirty, and at every addition he made to the clean row, he paused from his work, and contemplated its results with evident satisfaction. The yard presented none of that bustle and activity which are the usual charac- teristics of a large coach inn. Three or four lumbering wagons, each with a pile of goods beneath its ample canopy, about the height of the second floor window of an ordinary house were stowed away be- neath a lofty roof which extended over the end of the yard ; and another, which was probably to commence its journey that morning was drawn out into the open space. A double tier of bed-room gal- leries, with old clumsy balustrades, ran round two sides of the straggling area, and a double row of bells to correspond, sheltered from the weather by a little sloping roof, hung over the door leading to the bar and coffee-room. Two or three gigs and chaise-carts were wheeled up under different little sheds and pent- houses ; and the occasional heavy tread of a cart horse, or rattling of a chain at the further end of the yard, announced to any body who cared about the matter, that the stable lay in that direction. When we add that a few boys in smock frocks, were lying asleep on heavy pack- ages, woolpacks, and other articles that were scattered about on heaps of straw, we have described as fully as need be, the general appearance of the yard of the White Hart Inn, High Street, Borough, on the particular morning in question. A loud ringing of one of the bells, was followed by the appearance of a smart chambermaid in the upper sleeping gal- lery ; who, after tapping at one of the doors and receiving a request from with- in, called over the balustrades - "Sam," "Hallo," replied the man with the white hat. "Number twenty two wants his boots." "Ask number twenty two, vether he vill have 'em now, or vait till he gets 'em" was the reply. "Come, don't be a fool, Sam," said the girl; coaxingly, " the gentleman wants his boots directly." "Well, you are a nice young 'ooman for a musical party, you are," said the boot-cleaner. " Look at these here boots -eleven pair o' boots ; and one shoe as b'longs to number six, with the wooden leg. The eleven boots is to be called at half-past eight and the shoe at nine. Who's number twenty-two, that's to put all the others out? No, no ; reg'lar ro- tation, as Jack Ketch said, ven he tied the men up. Sorry to keep you a watin', Sir, but I'll attend to you directly." Saying which, the man in the white hat set to work upon a top-boot with increased assiduity. There was another loud ring ; and the bustling old landlady of the White Hart made her appearance in tho oppo- site gallery. " Sam," cried the landlady, " where's that lazy, idle-why Sam-oh, there you are ; why don't you answer ?" " Vouldn't be gen-teel to answer, 'till you'd done talking," replied Sam, gruffly. "Here, clean them shoes for number seventeen directly, and take 'em to pri- vate sitting-room, number five, first floor." The landlady flung a pair of lady's shoes into the yard, and bustled away. "Number 5," said Sam, as ho picked up the shoes, and taking a piece of chalk from his pocket, made a memorandum of their destination on the soles- " Lady's shoes and private sittin' room ! I sup- pose she didn't come in the vaggin." "She came in early this morning," cried the girl, who was still leaning over the railing of the gallery, " with a gen- tleman in a heckney coach, and it's him wants his boots, and you'd better do 'em, and that's all about it." "Vy didn't you say so before," said Sam, with great indignation, singling out the boots in question from the heap be- fore him. "For all I know'd he vas one o' the regular three-pennies. Private room! and a lady too ! If he's anything of a gen'lm'n, he's vurth a shillin' a day, let alone the arrands." Stimulated by this inspiring reflection, Mr. Samuel brushed away with such hearty good will, that in a few minutes the boots and shoes, with a polish which would have struct envy to the soul of the amiable Mr. Warren, (for they used Day and Martin at the White Hart) had arrived at the door of number five. "Come in," said a man's voice, in reply to Sam's rap at the door. Sam made his best bow, and stepped into the presence of a lady and gentle- man seated at breakfast. Having offici- ously deposited the gentleman's boots right and left at his feet, and the lady's shoes right and left at hers, he backed to- wards the door. "Boots," said the gentleman. "Sir," said Sam, closing the door and keeping his hand on the knob of the lock. "Do you know - what's a-name -- Doctors' Commons ?" "Yes sir." "Where is it ?" "Paul's Church-yard, sir; low archway on the carriage-side, book- seller's at one corner, hotel on the other, and two porters in the middle as touts for licences." "Touts for licences," said the gentle- man. "Touts for licences," replied Sam. "Two coves in vhite aprons - touches their hats ven you walk in - 'Licence, sir, licence ?' Queer sort, them, and their mas'rs too, sir - Old Bailey Proc- tors - and no mistake." "What do they do?" inquired the gentleman. "Do ! You, sir! That an't the worst on it, neither. They puts things into old gen'lm'ns heads as they never dreamed of. My father, sir, vos a coachman. A vidower he vos, and fat enough for any- thing - uncommon fat, to be sure. His missus dies, and leaves him four hundred pound. Down he goes to the Commons, to see the lawyer and draw the blunt - wery smart - top boots on - nosegay in his button-hole - broad brimmed tile - green shawl - quite the gen'lm'n. Goes through the archway, thinking how he should inwest the money - up comes the touter, touches his hat - ' Licence, sir licence ? ' -' What's that ?' says my father. 'Licence, sir,' says he. - 'What licence?' says my father. "Mar- riage licence,' says the touter. 'Dash my veskit,' says my father, I never thought o' that. ' 'I think you wants one, sir,' says the touter. My father pulls up and thinks a bit - ' No.' says he, damme, I am too old, b'sides I'm a many sizes too large,' says he. - 'Not a bit on it, sir,' says the touter. - 'Think not?' says my father. - I'm sure not, says he; 'we married a gen'lm'n twice your size, last Monday. - 'Did you, though,' said my father. - 'To be sure, ve did,' says the touter, 'you'rs a babby to him - this vay, sir - this vay !' - and sure enough my father walks arter him, like a tame monkey behind a horgan, into a little back office, vere a feller sat among dirty papers and tin boxes, making believe he was busy. 'Pray take a seat, vile I makes out the affidavit, sir, ' says the lawyer. - 'Thankee, sir,' says my father, and down he sait, and started with all his eyes, and his mouth vide open, at the names on the boxes. - 'What's your name, sir,' says the lawyer. - 'Tony Wel- ler,' says my father. - 'Parish?' says the lawyer. - 'Belle Savage,' says my father; for he stopped theree ven he drove up, and he know'd nothing about parishes, he did'nt. - 'And what's the lady's name ?' says the lawyer. My father was struck all of a heap. 'Blessed if I know,' says he. - 'Not know!' says the lawyer. - 'No more nor you do,' says my father, 'can't I put that in afterwards ?' - 'Impossible !' says the lawyer. - 'Wery well,' says my father, after he'd thought a moment, 'put down Mrs. Clarke.' - 'What Clarke ?' reply to Sam's rap at the door. Sam made his best bow, and stepped into the presence of a lady and gentle- man seated at breakfast, Having office ously deposited the gentleman's boots riaht and left at his feet, and the lady's shoes right and left at hers, he backed to- wards the door. " Boots," said the gentleman. " Sir," said Sam, closing the door, and keeping his hand on the Knob of the lock. " Do you know-what's a-name Doctors' Commons ?" " Yes sir." " Where is it ?" " Paul's Church-yard, Bir; low archway on the carriage-side, book I seller's at one corner, ho-tel on the other, and two porters in the middle as touts for licences." " Touts for licences," said the gentle- man. " Touts for licences," replied Sam. " Two coves in vhite aprons- touches their hats ven you walk in-' Licence, sir, licence ?' Queer sort, them, and their mas'rs too, sir-Old Bailey Proc- tors-and no mistake." "What do they do?" inquired the gentleman. " Do ! You, sir ! That an't the worst on it, neither. They puts things into old gen'lm'ns heads as they never dreamed of. My father, sir, vos a coachman. A vidower he vos, and fat enough for any- thing-uncommon fat, to be sure. His missus dies, and leaves him four hundred pound. Down he goes to the Commons, to see the lawyer and draw the blunt wery smart-top boots on - nosegay in his button-hole -broad brimmed tile green shawl-quite the geu'Im'n. Goes through the archvay, thinking how he should inwest the money-up comes the touter, touches his hat-' Licence, sir, licence ?'-' What's that ?' says my father. ' Licence, sir,' says he. What licence V says my father.-' Mar- riage licence,' says the touter.- 'Dash my veskit,' says my father, I never thought o' that.'-' I" think you wants one, sir,' says the touter. My father pulls up and thinks a bit-' No,' says he, damme, I am too old, b'sides I'm a many sizes too large,' says he.-' Not a bit on it, sir,1 says the touter.-* Think not ?' says my father.-I'm sure not, says he ; * we man ied a gen'lm'n twice your size, last Monday.-'Did you, though,' said my father.-' To be sure, ve did,' says the touter, . you're a babby to him-this vay, sir-this vay!' -and sure enough my father walks arter him, like a tame monkey behind a horgan, into a little back office, vere a feller sat among dirty papers and tin boxes, making believe he was busy. ' Pray take a seat, vile I makes out the affidavit, sir,' says the lawyer.-'Thankee, sir,' says my father, and down he sat, and stared with all his eyes, and his mouth vide open, at the names on the boxes.-* What's your name, sir,' 6ays the lawyer.-' Tony Wel- ler,' says my father.-' Parish ?' says the lawyer.-' Belle Savage,' says my father ; for he stopped there ven he drove up, and he know d nothing about parishes, he did'nt.-' And what's the lady'« name V says the lawyer. My father was struck all of a heap. ' Blessed if I know,' says he.-' Not know I' says the lawyer.-'No more nor you do,' says my father, ' can't I put that in arterwards ?'-' Impossible i' Bays the lawyer.-' Wery well,' says my father, after he'd thought a moment, ' put down Mrs. Clarke.'-« What Clarke?' says the lawyer, dipping his pen in the ink.'-' Susan Clarke, Marlua o'Granby, Dorking,' says my father; 'she'll have .me, if I ask lier, I des-sey-I never said nothing to lier, but she'll have me, I know.' The license was made out, and she did have him, and what's more she's got him now; and I never had any of tho four hundred pound, worse luck. Bec your pardon, Bir,' said Sam, when he had concluded, ' bnt vhen I gets on this here grievance, I run9 on like a rew barrow vith the vheel greased.' Having said which, and having paused for an instant to see whether he waB wanted for anything more, Sam left the room. " Half-past nine-just the time-off at once;" ßaid the gentleman, whom we need hardly introduce as Mr. Jingle. "Time-for what?" said the spinster aunt, coquettiahly. " License, dearest of angels-gjivo notice at the church-call you mine, to-morrow"-said Mr. Jingle, and he squeezed the spinster aunt's hand. " The license!" said Rachael, blushing, " The license !" repeated Mr. Jingle. " In hurry, poat-htso for a license, In hurry, ding dong I como back." " How you run on," said Rachael. " Run on-nothing to the hours, days, weeks, monlliB, years, when we're you united-run on - bolt-mizzle-stctim ongino-thousand-horse power-nothing to it" " Can't-can't we bo married before to-morrow morning?" enquired Rachael. "Impossible-earftbo--notico at tho church-leave tho license to-day-cere mony como off to-morrow." "I am bo torrified, lost my brother should discover us 1" Bold Rachael. " Discover - nonnenso - too much shaken by tho break-down -besides oxtromo caution-gavo up tho poat-chaiso -walked on-took, a haeknuy-coach - carno to tho Borough-last placo in tho world that ho'd look in-ha I haï capital notion that, very." "Don't bo long," mud tho spinster, affoctionatoly, an Mr. Jinglo stuck the pinched up hat on his head. > "Long away, from youl-Cruel chai full; cha¡ of ti doo t he i I of fore met Doi for the apn enc Gei cun pan ter! Alf gre* myt retr Boi i Ha one rou off Mr thal of I a fa a si colt the to ] adv tho fom saic c wit mai bus squ eye eac the pee dre as cle£ wat fob his thn wii Of J w (t mai mu for to 1 Col bou sion 4th No. 7th foui Ore' 1 olte ble Coi Si on ( 1 the res charmer,'1 and Mr. Jingle skipped play, fully up to the spinster aunt, imprinted a chaste kiss upon her lips, and danced out of the room. 44 Dear man !" said the spinster, as the door closed after him. ,44 Rum old girl," said Mr. Jingle, as he walked down the passage. It is painful to reflect upon the perndy of our species ; and we will not, there- fore, pursue the thread of Mr. Jingle s meditations, as he wended his way to Doctors' Commons. It will be sufficient for our purpose to relate, that escaping the snares of the dragons in white aprons, who guard the entrance to that enchanted region, he reached the Vicar General's office in safety, and having pro- cured a highly flattering address on parchment, from the Archbishop of Can- terbury, to his 44 trusty and well-beloved Alfred Jingle, and Rachael Wardle, greeting," he carefully _ deposited the mystic document in his pocket, and retraced his steps in triumph to the Borough. He was yet on his way to the White Hart, when two plump gentlemen and one thin one entered the yard, and looked round in search of some authorised person of whom they could make a few enquiries. Mr. Samuel Weller happened to be at that moment engaged in burnishing a pair of painted tops, the personal property of a farmer, who was reireshinghimself with a slight lunch of two or three pounds of cold beef and a pot or two of porter, after the fatigues of the Borough market ; and to him the thin gentleman straightway advanced 4 My friend," said the thin gentleman. 4 You're one o' theadwice gratis order," thought Sam, 44or you wouldn't be so fond o' me all at once." But he only said--44 Well sir." 41 My friend," said the thin gentleman, with a conciliatory hem-l< Have you got many people stopping here now ? Pretty busy, eh ?" Sam stole a look at the enquirer. He was a little high-dried man, with a dark squeezed up face, and small restless black eyes, that kept winking and twinkling on each side his little inquisitive nose, as if they were playing a perpetual game of peep-bo with that feature. He was dressed all in black, with boots as shiny as his eyes, a low white neckcloth, and a clean shirt with a frill to it. A gold watch-chain and seals depended from his fob. He carried his black kid gloves in his hands, not on them ; and as he spoke thrust his wrists beneath his coat-tails, wiih tne air of a man who was in the habit of propounding some regular posers. 44 Pretty busy, eh ?" said the little man. 44 Oh, werry well, sir," replied Sam, 44 we shan't be bankrupts, and we shan't make our fort'ns. We cats our biled mutton without capers, and don't care for horse-radish ven vo can ^et beef." 44 Ah," said the little man, 4i you're a wag, an't you ? ' (To be continued.) Ash Deo Har Kel Mat Mu She Stat Tor 