POSTHUMOUS PAPERS THE, Pi CK WICK CLUB. ' THE PICKWICK ANS. 114 CHAP. XLVIT. ' r (Continued from our last.) Deprived of the young lady's society, Mr. Bob Sawyer proceeded to divert himself by peeping into the desk, looking into all the table drawers, feigning to pick the lock of the iron safe, turning the almanack with its face to the wall, trying Mr. Winkle senior's boots on, over his own, and making several other humorous experiments upon the furniture, all of which afforded Mr. Pickwick un- speakable horror and agony, and yielded Mr. Bob Sawyer proportionate delight. At length the door opened, and a little old gentleman in a snuff coloured suit, with a head and face the precise counter- part of those belonging to Mr. Winkle, junior, excepting that he was rather bald, trotted into the room with Mr. Pick- wick's card in one hand, and a silver candlestick in the other. " Mr. Pickwick, Sir, how do you do?" said Winkle the elder, putting down the candlestick and proffering his hand. " Hope I see you well, Sir. Glad to see you. Be seated, Mr. Pickwick, I beg Sir. This gentleman is?-" " My friend Mr. Sawyer," interposed Mr. Pickwick, " your son's friend." "Oh," said Mr. Winkle the elder, looking rather grimly out Bob. I hope you are well, Sir." " Right as a rivet," replied Bob Sawyer. " This other gentleman," cried Mr. Pickwick, " is, as you will see when you have read the letter with which I am entrusted, a very near relative, or I should rather say a very particular friend of your son's. His name is Allen." " That gentleman?" enquired Mr. Winkle, pointing with the card towards Ben Allen, who had fallen asleep in an attitude which left nothing of him visible but his spite and his coat collar. SHy. Pickwick was on the point of replying to the question, and reciting Mr. Benjamin Allen's name and honourable distinctions at full length, when the sprightly Mr Bob Sawyer, with the view of rousing his friend to a sense of his situation, inflicted a startling pinch upon the fleshy part of his arm, which caused him to jump up with a loud shriek. Suddenly aware that he was in the presence of a stranger, Mr. Ben Allen advanced, and shaking Mr. Winkle most affectionately by both hands for about five minutes, murmured in some half- interest ble fragments of sentences the great delight he felt in seeing him, and a hospit- able enquiry, whether he felt disposed to take anything after his walk, or would prefer waiting " till dinner-time;" which done, he sat down and gazed about him with a petrified stare as if he had not the remotest idea where he was, which indeed he had not. All this was most embarrassing to Mr. Pickwick, the more especially as Mr. Winkle, senior, evinced palpable astonishment at the eccentric-not to say ex- traordinary behavior of his two companions. To bring the matter to an issue at once, he drew a letter from his pocket, and presenting it to Mr. Winkle, Senior, said " This letter, Sir, is from your sons. You will see by its contents that on your favourable and fatherly consideration of it, depend his future happiness and welfare. Will you oblige me by giving it the calmest and coolest perusal, and by discussing the subject afterwards, with me, in the tone and spirit in which alone it ought to be discussed? You may judge of the importance your decision is of, to your son, and his intense anxiety upon the subject, by my waiting upon you without any previous warning at so late an hour and added Mr. Pickwick, glancing slightly at his two companions, and under such unfavourable circumstances " With this prelude, Mr. Pickwick placed four closely written sides of extra superfine wire-wove penitence the hands of the astounded Mr. Winkle, Senior; and re-beating himself in his chair, watched his looks and manner, anxiously it is true, but with the open front of a gentleman who feels he has taken no part which he need excuse or palliate. The old wharfinger turned the letter over; looked at the front, back, and sides ; made a microscopic examination of the fat little boy on the seal ; raised his eyes to Mr. Pickwick's face and then seating himself on the high stool and drawing the lamp closer to him, broke the way, unfolded the epistle, and lifting it to the light, prepared to read. Just at this moment, Mr. Bob Sawyer, whose wit had lain dormant for some minutes, placed his hands upon his knees and made a face after the portraits of the late Mr. Grimaldi, as clown. It so happened that Mr. Winkle, senior, instead of being deeply engaged in reading the letter, as Mr. Bob Sawyer thought, chanced to be looking over the top of it at no less a person than Mr. Bob Sawyer himself; and rightly conjecturing that the face aforesaid was made in ridicule and derision of his own person, he fixed his eyes on Bob with such expressive sternness, that the late Mr. Grimaldi's lineaments gradually' resolved themselves into a very fine oppression of humility and confusion. " Did you speak, Sir ?" enquired Mr. Winkle, senior, after an awful silence. " No, Sir," replied Bob, with no remains of the clown about him, save and except the extreme redness of his cheeks " You are sure you did not Sir ?" said Mr. Winkle, Senior. " Oh dear ! yes, Sir, quite," replied Bob. A. I thought you did Sir," rejoined the old gentleman, with indignant emphasis. " Perhaps you looked at me, Sir ?" " Oh, no ! Sir, not at all," replied Bob, with extreme civility. as I am very glad to hear it, Sir," said Mr- Winkle, Senior. Having frowned upon the abashed Bob with great magnificence, the old gentleman again brought the letter to the light, and began to read it seriously. t! St] the M TI e; 16 kn qu W8 ha In Pi at to lock Th da Th ch to do so star his set ap] abl su the ing the little yo the Mr. Pickwick eyed him intently as he turned from the bottom line of the first page to the top line of the second, and from the bottom of the second to the top of the third, and from the bottom of the third to the top of the fourth ; but not the slightest alteration of countenance afforded a clue to the feelings with which he received the announcement of his son's marriage, which Mr. Pickwick knew was in the very first half-dozen lines. He read the letter to the last word, folded it again with all the carefulness and precision of a man of business and just when Mr. Pickwick expected some great outbreak of feeling, dipped a pen in the ink-stand, and said as quietly as if he were speaking on the most ordinary counting-house topic " What is Nathaniel's address, Mr. Pickwick ?" " The George and Vulture, at present," replied that gentleman. " George and Vulture. Where is that?" " Sun Court, Cornhill." " In the City? " Yes." The old gentleman methodically in- dorsed the address on the back of the letter and then placing it in the desk, which he locked, said as he got off the stool and put the bunch of keys in his pocket " I suppose there is nothing else which need detain us, Mr. Pickwick?" " Nothing else, my dear sir !" observed that warm-hearted person in indignant amazement. " Nothing else ! Have you no opinion to express on this momentous event in our young friend's life ; no assurance to convey to him through me, of the continuance of your affection and protection ; nothing to say which will cheer and sustain him, and the anxious girl who Idles to him for comfort and support My dear sir, consider." " I will consider," replied the old gentleman. " I have nothing to say just now. I am a man of business, Air. Pickwick ; I never commit myself has tily in any affair, and from what I see of this, I by no means like the appearance of it. A thousand pounds is not much, Mr. Pickwick." " You're very right, sir," interposed Ben Allen, just awake enough to know that he had spent his thousand pounds without the smallest difficulty. " You're an intelligent man; Bob, he's a very knowing fellow this." "I am very happy to find that you do me the justice to make the admission, sir," said Mr. Winkle, senior, looking contemptuously at Ben Allen, who was shaking his head profoundly. " The fact is, Mr. Pickwick, that when I gave my son a roving license for a year or so to see something of men and manners (which he has done under your auspices), so that he might not enter into life a mere boarding-school milksop to be gulled by every body, I never bargained for this. He knows that very well, so if I withdraw my countenance from him on this account, he has no call to be surprised. He shall hear from me, Mr. Pickwick. Goodnight, sir. Margaret, open the door. " All this time Bob Sawyer had been nudging Mr. Ben Allen to say some thing on the right side 5 and Ben accordingly now burst out without the slightest preliminary notice, into a brief but impassioned piece of eloquence. " Sir," said Mr. Ben Allen, staring at the old gentleman, through a pair of very dim and languid eyes, and working his right arm vehemently up and down, " you you ought to be ashamed of yourself." " As the lady's brother, of course you are an excellent judge of the question," retorted Mr. Winkle, Senior. 5s There ; that's enough. Pray say no more, Mr. Pickwick. Good night, gentlemen." With these words the old gentleman took up the candlestick, and opening the room door, politely motioned towards the passage. " You will regret this, sir," said Mr. Pickwick, setting his teeth close together to keep down his cheer; for he felt how important the effect might prove to his young friend. " I am at present of a different opinion," calmly replied Mr. Winkle, Senior. " Once again, gentlemen, I wish you a good night." Mr. Pickwick walked with angry strides into the street. Mr. Bob Sawyer, completely quelled by the decision of the old gentleman's manner, took the same course; Mr. Ben Allen's hat rolled down the steps immediately afterwards, and Mr. Ben Allen's body followed it directly. The whole party went silent and supper less to bed and Mr. Pickwick thought, just before he fell asleep, that if he had known Mr. Winkle, senior, had been quite so much of a man of business, it was extremely probable he might never have waited upon him, on such an errand CHAP. L. in which Mr. Pickwick encounters an old acquaintance, to which fortunate circumstance the reader is mainly indebted for matter of thrilling interest herein set donor concerning two great public men of might and power. The morning which broke upon Mr. Pickwick's sight at eight o'clock was not at all calculated to elevate his spirits, or to lessen the depression which the un- looked-for result of his embassy inspired. The sky was dark and gloomy, the air damp and raw the streets wet and sloppy. The smoke hung sluggishly above the chimney tops as if it lacked the courage to rise, and the rain came slowly and doggedly down as if it had not even the spirit to pour. A game-cock in the stable-yard, deprived of every spark of his accustomed animation, balanced himself dismally on one leg in a corner: and a donkey, moping with drooping head under the narrow roof of an outhouse, appeared from his meditative and miser- able countenance to be contemplating suicide. In the street, umbrellas were the only things to be seen, and the clinking of patrons and splashing of rain-drops the only sounds to be heard. The breakfast was interrupted by very little conversation : even Mr. Bob Sawyer felt the influence of the weather, and the previous day's excitement. In his him s ta Sa res bone To it be too pu He aware for the ebb what 1 suit him drs as the Sai fen ash sail this life has wer am are adi own most expressive language, he was floored." So was Mr. Ben Allen. So Is was Mr. Pickwick. In protracted expectation of the weather clearing up, the last evening paper from London was read and re-read with an intensity of interest only known in cases of extreme destitution; every inch of the carpet was walked over with similar perseverance, the windows were looked out of often enough to justify the imposition of an additional duty upon them, all kinds of topics of conversation were started, and failed and at length Mr. Pickwick when noon had arrived without a chance for the better, rang the bell resolutely and ordered out the chaise. Although the roads were dry, and the drizzling rain came down harder than it had done yet, and although the mud and wet splashed in at the open windows of the carriage to such an extent that the discomfort was almost as great to the pair of insides as to the pair of outside, still there was something in the very motion, and the sense of being up and doing, which was so infinitely superior to being sent in a dull room, looking at the dull rain dripping into a dull street, that they all agreed, on starting, that the change was a great improvement, and wondered how they could possibly have delayed making it as long as they had done. When they stopped to change at Coventry, the steam ascended from the horses in such clouds as wholly to obscure the hostler, whose voice was however heard to declare from the mist, that he expected the first Gold Medal from the Humane Society on their next distribu- tion of rewards, for taking the post boy's hat off; the water descending from the brim of which, the invisible gentleman declared must inevitably have drowned him (the postboy), but for his great presence of mind in tearing it promptly from his head, and drying the gasping man's countenance with a wisp of straw. "This is pleasant," said Bob Sawyer, turning up his coat collar, and pulling the shawl over his mouth to concentrate the fumes of a glass of brandy just Bwal lowed. " Wery," replied Sam, composedly. "You don't seem to mind it, observed Bob. " Vy, I don't exactly see no good my mind' on it 'and do, sir," replied Sam. 44 That's an unanswerable reason, anyhow said Bob. " Yes, sir," rejoined Mr. Weller. 44 Whatever is, is right, as the young nobleman sweetly remarked when they put him down in the pension list 'as his mother's uncle's wife's grandfather once lit the king's' pipe with a portable Tinder box." " Not a bad notion that, Sam," said Mr. Bob Sawyer approvingly. " Just what the young nobleman said ev'ry quarter-day afterwards for the rest of his life," replied Mr. Weller. " Was you ever called in," enquired Sam, glancing at the driver, after a short silence, and lowering his voice to a mysterious whisper, was you ever called in ven you was 'prentice to a sawbones, to visit a possibly?" 44 I don't remember that I ever was," replied Bob Sawyer. 44 You never see a post-boy in that 'ere hospital as you walked (as they says of' the ghosts), did you ?" demanded Sam. 44 No," replied Bob Sawyer. "don't think I ever did." 44 Never know'd a churchyard were there was a postboy's tombstone, or see a dead postboy, did you ?" enquired Sam, pursuing his catechism. " No," replied Bob, " I never did." so No," rejoined Sam, triumphantly. " Nor never will and there's another that no man never see, and that's a dead donkey no man never see a dead donkey, 'cept the gentleman in the black silk small. as know'd the young 'ooman as kept a goat and that was a French donkey, so very likely he warn't van of' the reg'lar breed." 44 Well, what has that got to do with the postboy ?" asked Bob Sawyer. j This here," replied Sam. " Without going' so far as to assert, as some very sensible people do, that post-boys and donkeys is both immortal, wot I say is this that whenever they feels theirselves gettin' stiff and past their work, they just rides off together, van postboy to a pair, in the usual way ; wot becomes on 'em nobody knows, but it's very probable as they starts away to take their pleasure in some other world, for there ain't a man alive as ever see either a donkey or a postboy a taking' his pleasure in this !" Expatiating upon this learned and remarkable theory, and citing many curious statistical and other facts in its support, Sam Weller beguiled the time until they reached Dunchureh, where a dry post- boy and fresh horses were procured ; the next stage was Daventry, and the next Towcester and at the end of each stage it rained harder than it had done at the beginning " I say," remonstrated Bob Sawyer, looking in at the coach window, as they pulled up before the door of the Saracens' Head, " this won't do you know." 44 Bless me !" said Sir. Pickwick, just awakening from a nap, " I'm afraid you are wet." " Oh you are, are you ?" returned Bob. " Yes, I am, a little that way uncom- fortably damp, perhaps." Bob" did look dampish, inasmuch as the rain was streaming from his neck, elbows, cuffs, skirts, and knees and his whole apparel shone so with the wet, that it might have been mistaken for a full suit of prepared oilskin. 44 I am rather wet," said Bob, giving himself a shake, and casting a little hydraulic shower around in so doing, like a Newfoundland dog just emerged from the water. 44 I think it's quite impossible to go on to-night," interposed Ben. 44 Out of the question, sir," remarked Sam Weller, coming to assist in the conference, .' it's cruelty to animals, sir, to ask 'em to do it. There's beds here, sir," said Sam, addressing his master, 44 every thing clean and comfortable. very good little dinner, sir, they can get ready in half an hour pair of fowls, sir, and a weal cutlet ; French beans, 'nature, tact, and tidiness. You'd better stop here you are, sir, if I might recommend, Take advice, sir, as the doctor said." the key 9' The host of the Saracen's Head opportunely appeared at this moment, and confirmed Mr. Sam Weller's sur lemons relative to the accommodations of the establishment, and to back his en- treaties with a variety of dismal conjectures regarding the state of the roads, the doubt of fresh horses being to be had at the next stage, the dead certainty of its raining all night, the equally mortal cor enmity of its clearing up in the morning, and other topics, of inducement familiar to innkeepers. 11 Well," said Mr. Pickwick, " but I must send a letter to London by some conveyance, so that it may be delivered the very first thing in the morning, or I must go forward at all hazards." The landlord smiled his delight. Nothing could be easier than for the gentleman to inclose a letter in a sheet of brown paper and send it on either by the mail or the night coach from Birmingham. If the gentleman was particularly and to have it it left as soon as possible, he might write outside, " To be delivered immediately," which was sure to be attended to or " pay the bearer half-a crown extra for instant delivery," which was surer still. " Very well," said Mr. Pickwick, " then we will stophere.'' " Lights in the Sun, John make up the fire-the gentlemen are wet," cried the landlord. " This way, gentlemen ; don't trouble yourself about the postboy now, sir; I'll send him to you when you ring for him, sir. Now John, the can- dress (To be continued). 