REM1ARKS BY QED- G- . It is with no presumptuous step that we approachi this, the most subliue of all tragedies--lamlet. On the threshold, we may fancy a voice exclaiming: " Hence, avaunt! 'tis holy oaundl" But surely a production that charmed us in our youthful days-that gave a tone and colour to our thoughts which time antl riflectimn have only strengthened and confirmed-that presented to our. imnal'ination the wonders of the supernatural wor d, -that taught us the vanity and instaliilit3 of human life-and opened to us sublimer views otf the soul's imnmortality-such a production it may be no pre sntuption to eacanline. Palpable beauties are visible to evely muind : there may he others of a more re Scondite nature, that have escaped even the ,most acute and devoted ainong thle adire s aot Sbhaksprare. The plan of this tragedy has been traced by Theobald. (who, i hlie cannot lie classed aliong the i learned and ingenious, may certainly rank with the most indefatigable and indu-staious of Shl?kspeaue's commentators,) from the l)anuish History by Sao.o Gra,nmaticus. From this source has Shlakspeare liorrowed the leading incidents of his drama ; llis own mighlty genius supplied him with the nobler parts of imagery, sentiment, and lalttilnaee. It al.so hears some resenlihlance to the Electra of Sophocles; Gertrude and Clytemnestra are both queens ; they had imbrued their hands in the blood of their hus- I hands. The latter may, indeed, plead sole excuse, from the provocations she had received; thle former, none, Clytemnestra acknowletlged the fact, and gh ried in it-declaring that it .w,:s tilh arm of justice, not her own, that smote the guilty Aga Of all Shakespeare's compositions, flamlet, from I its first ilppearance down to the present time, has been the most rruniersall/ popular. In scenic at traction, it may possibly yulld(to Richard the Third; hut in the closet it is infinitely supe lor. Gabriel Harvey, in lis note on Speght s Edition of Chaucer, 1598, says, " 'I'he younger sort take much delight in Shakespeare's Venus and Adrras; but Lucrece and t T'ragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmarh, huae it in them to please the wiser sort,." And Anthonv Scholoker, in a dedication to his potln, enttitled " DUiphantus," printed in the year 1604, has this remark-that Ills " Epistle': should he " like friendlf/q Shakespeare's I'ragedies, Awere the conm median rides, when the trar'edian stands on tiptoe ; faifh," it should please all, like Prince lHamlet." That the grandeur and beauty of the seutintents should please the wiser sort is, not toIn be wondered I at; tior could tile young fail to be interested with its awful anld ly-terlous. The a?,pearance of the thast is so arttnlly contrived, and tihe illusion is kept up with such conusulntuate skill, that we.are obliged, for a time:, to suspend our judglent and I knowledge, atnd to deceive our nderstandl ug, and ti grant that to he substantial and true, which we atffiln to lie entirely supernaturtal and i)tiossible. Tue leading featurle in the chiaractser of llalialet is smelanneoly, a ising from a muind too exquisitely wroughlt, taodeeply contest plative-treCulinildy alive to the finest inpunlses ot (ar naturel.-viewinl the pa-t with nfotd regret, and the t'uture with dunhtl and alapplt hension. A mind thus singhuirly consti tured, events of the loost piainlful excitelimenlt have hIarratsed and disturbed. The muyste ious death of a hieloveld father--the utsrent ly marriage of ta lotllher in one " little niionth"-lhis filial ,duty and respect for the dead-- his contenlmpt and indignation for the livine, all give a deeper colour to his coantittituonmtl sadness, alid produce those feelings .lIichl, it tlhie be not madness itself, are nearly allied to it, And -..i..i-,- ,u...-lr a ,,llYu allaudes whenl hl resolves to let the play be the test of.his unele'? guilt: " The spi it that I have seen, May be a devil: and the devil hath power To assumlne a pleasing shalpe ; yent. and, pet haps, Out of may weakness and my mnelanchOly, As he Is very plutent with such spirits, Abuses me to damn tile." It ias been remarked that his character is incon sistrint ; but the iiresolution that imlpedes his pro cress to revenge, are the vacillations of a uind tiitt nledtiates befiore it icis. Hamnlet imight have re ventedl hlisi father's murder immiiediately after the Sr?st ;appearance of the gh?st; lint, apprelhensive th.at:lis pe eslinar ca.l ot elltintid might.be over excited lby doistic rnistoilrtnes, lie would fain lldoubt the evidence of his senses. He therefore resilves toI hale further proolf: ind it is lout until after the le plresentation of the play, when his uncle's guilt lhe comles fully appiarent, that he could feel justr - f-d in taking that vengeiance, which, though dtie tIiyed, was. never iabsent fr?m Ihis tlhonghts. That it wats not carried into ilaniediate execution after this di.icotrry, tmust be attributed to that want of volition, whlich?, an able critic (Dr. Draike) remarks, Slihak speare has fiundatd on one of those peculiar con stitultion of the mental and mnoral faculties, ws hich have been designatetd by the appellation of Genius.. Of this defect in his character, Hamlet is pain filly sensible, for he continually reproaches himself with weakness and irresolution- " How all occasions do Inform against me, And spur my dull revenge"'' " Now, whether it be Beastly oblivion, or some craven scruple Of hthnking too precisely/ on th' ereCat, 1 do not know Whly yet "1 live to say this thing's to ido." And in his soliloquy after lil first interview with the players, lie cantrlt'ts hiis ownl cau.te faor grief, with the assumeid pas?iln of the actor, and bitterly exclainms:- What would he do, Had lie the mintie and the cue for passion, That I have ? But I atiil pigeon-liver'd, and lack gall To make oppression bitter, or, ere. this, I should have fatted all the region kites, With this slavd's offal,!" Anguish of mind had produced in Hamlet a de shie to die .. But the dread of tffending the autlihor of his being, by acting contrarly to the end itaid dlesign for which he.had been created, restraiins him from ending a life .helwas so anxious to lose. The patle east of thlughll ttakes hin I'reason witll llhlleif, as to the naltere and consequences of death; rltd tllough hlie is aware that tlite iliiseies lf this lIte lind an end in the grave, the prospect of?f/turi'y,I however obscured by cllalds and.darkness,still forbidls hlin to rtn the-hazarld of tlying froml iaser to grenter evil. Perplexed'and I, harrassad by mental sufferi'hg, it is not strance that .such ,an idea should have entered hiis tIllought-it is a weahness incihlenfull to hutaiityy. The Lady Constance, in hier etre-iilitv of gilef, tllus passloniately uypostrophilzes this last refuge of the mitserable; " Oh! "atitble. lovely. Dealt. Arise far tht fromt thit concli.ofJtustiug night. Thmin late and terttr of Prosperit'y, And will kiss thy detestable bones SCome, griu on mte, and I will think thou smil'st \---- - .--- ery's love Corme to me !" Nothing can exceed. the simplicity with which tlhis drlima opens. It Is- the .perfection .of the dira mattic art, to workl( upocr tihe passions by dergrees; and /hea'e It is done most effectatlily. The incredulity of Hlaratio touchitg the apltea.ance of the ghtist, strongly aids the illusion. 'IThe questions tind replies that pass as to thle precise titne the atpparition re mained with them, and Humlet's subseguent in quiries- *' Arml'd, say you ? . From tolp to toe ? 'Then saw you not iHl face?" &c.; &c.; ure -strnkesofnature, that impres. upon ournilnds the dlre0tdfil.convictitln, tlhat the relation olf dar cellus and Bernardo, however wonderful, is iever thele -s striictly true. " Hanllet'a addlress -to the sdprlit is unriva;lled for grandenr of thought, and comprehensiveness of dictiol. After the. first emnltion oat terror and .namnazenlent hauve .suasided, .he ventures to address Sit mtre tIamilihtrl':- SI'll call thee Hamlet, 'King, Father I' \- It wa-Hltmlet's intention :to throw tihe kilg and Squern toffthiir guard; from prying too deeply into his: design; .he therefore Judieldualy begins his frrst scene of madneis with Ophelia, that it matv-ie naturally inferred that love for her beauty had caused thin aberration of mind. And in what choice terms is this.apparent madness describedl-1 " lie took me by the wrist, and held me hard; Then goes he to the length of all l hi?arnm;i And, with his otherihand thus n'er-his .brow, He falls to such perusal of my face, As he- would diaw it--- ? . That done, he lets me lgo~ .. Heseemed to'find lli way withoutimsye;- c For ouc of door he went without ?ieirt1ivl, I And, to the last, bended their llg?t onrin"e." We may here remark the difference between assmeet and real madness. In Htmlet and in Edgar, it is rude, overstraiued, and violent; In 1 Ophella and in 'Lear;'it 'is simple, touching. and I sublime. Shakespeare has been accused of making Hamlet utter a contradiction in the tollowing lines ; " But that the dread of something after death, The undiscovered country, from whose bourne Ao traveller returns--puzzles the will-" ,when lie had just received "'vidence to the contrary "by a supernatural visitation from the invisible world. H:amlet has been reasoning with himself, whiether it is better to fly from tlhe ills lof life, by an act of self destructton, or to bear them, rather then en countier greater evils in a future state cf existence. He adopts the latter conclusion; for, as no traveller (and the term is not to he understood in an sncor. poreal selise) ever returned frot thile grave, to repent of sin, it trehloves hirm to pause e're lie cmntl nit a crime that could never be repented of. The vhost dwells, with particular " emphasis, on the ad ditional ci uelty of being " Cut off even in the blossoms of my sin, No reckoning mllade, but sent to ,ny acc'eunt 'With all 'my imperfectimons on my lhead !'" To impute any other neahning to this expression of Shakespeare would be to impute nonsense to him- and lhe lever wrote that-which is more thiancan le said of muany of his c tnmmeutatoirsi " Were Shakespeare now to ii'e, -ow would the poet stare with wild surprise,, And rack Ili' brhain with mainy a ponil'rlou t ants, To filtd the meaning out of lt'hat'le torote /'i The chamber scene is one impassioned burst of renliuiritianllce tindl virtuous inldignation Langltnltei .sinks beneath tile .entimlln.'t of uffectioin with which the pitince regards his father'. memory:. and hi. abihholrrence of the guilty usiurper of his lbed and throne. The piaralhel between the two picturite is exquisitely beautifill. The ghost is here introduced fillr the last tinme; nothing can lie filner than Hlamlet's sudden transition froml extrelnw rage to reverentlial awe, when lie againl behollltdr the appail thin, which still retains its sad expression, its gentle character; " Do not look upon mei Lest, with this piteous actwon von convert 11ly sternii effects; then what I have to dot Will want true colour; tears, perchance, for blood.' The scene with tile gravediegers has been con sidered as beneath the.dignity it trantedy ; and that shllitspenare hiinself was aware of it, but thait, in cemlnplimmnce with tile vitiated taste of tie ae,; lie in trodunted this farlt'lll of low buffoontery. In what respect, tin thie score of piopriet-ly, la?s Shaikspeiare offended by the intlolduction of Iithese clowns,? Their rude rulirth,. their cotre raillery, their apithy and inidifference, fitrlm all admirable contrast toi the keen s"nsibilhiy, the smmiiiin trandtiir, of Hamnlet's chlir acter. Their ibiald jests draw from -hilu thuse: moral reflections upon the iti'rmtnity of ouir nattire; andi, hiw ever' indeccorous to a sickly illlnaiintatiol, the exhibitioiin lit Iotialityi's frail remains may appear, tihe rude nmatnner in hvliicli they ate jorcled to the ground, by the e unreflecting kInaves, imnspi?m s, in the ipensive initlll, thioughtrs holy and lunutterabllile. Could tihe vitiated taste ot the pIlesenit day prodlice sitrli another seeue, we woiil fall down and worshipl it! This tragedy alhouttlds in mIlortal seniiiment, inl jut and elevaeted views oif ,mman,? and of lutl'protoeo.ie'ce. wihict susitains, guides, and dlirects himi, h omni tihe cradle to the g mave. Never h.. phlosouphy tbeen miore .nohly employecd tlhan in tenfieincg thesie great andliilnlllpti nt truths-tlhe existence u it Suprteme, tied thle--imnsortalily oif the sols!...Such wso thie plhi itisoliphy of the sates of .antiquity, oit Plaito, cinl ofii Cice o, and of the ni .less giolimous lights of latter dalys-of liacon, of Newton, of Addison, aind of Shlaksper'e. To atitthll ities like thesre, tlhart Iihave we to moll e ? The abismurd all tI coll ittadlictrily diic trines tit Atheists, who hlave been the retr m'amcli of other coultrimies anid oiii"' owin; for' it would lie dilll ct'ult to poinlt out to the itiligna'iolin and scoan of inmanhlind,i' Lace tnmore ihateftil lor their primtligalcy, ill ttimore cuntempttiole fimi tiheir itietoriiace, lita thlii, "ii.di?lca ,m lesueil l istutl ies.l iVy liehave obeiti rel themlt •iin their csimimnerce' with the world, in' their liealith andi pr"olpee ity ;-w have visited theml i hi their chlimii Items of sicknessl and of death ;--,ud, if we hlitve Ioutlunl heem. in tile fhrmc; state, heatl cess and sel Iash; dissatisfit-eh with tm lnelves, ?land susliicilous of each other we lhave inll ariitlly beiheld tl.cir last mnoimenlts, dark tnld cheerless-disturibetd by doubt amnd angravated iy de?spait : ' Mlcn mtay live fools--but fools tllhey cannotl lie. The grand charte that c litics lhave brought against Shallspeamre, the violation iof tile unities, will hamdly appllly this tragedy. We mnmay, hlowevrm, lnotice ani u??rrrlltcetistm-Hfleullet mentionus tihe Untiuersity of I-'it.'emlbery, loIng boemire its esttliallsnmcnt. Thie Cithlmim. dimectrine oif Purgatory has been tlirne tol at idirible'acioin t, inl thie fi'rt address of ithe si?iit. end of the ancieint slupeistltiniim, which relipresents nighlt as ilohallitwed anid prl.tan e, Sllai splieire avails himseltf in the folllowing liles : STis n,,w time icrr whicliinig time oif night, Wint church-yaI' ds yawn, and hell itaelt breathes. Coamtrigion to this woirld-" and aga;in, it Macbeth:- S 1 Now ci'er one half the globe Nature seems idead, and wicked dreams abuse r The curtain'd sleep. ' 