INDIA. Intelligence had reached Calcutta that the cholera was raging with fearful violence at Smyrna and in parts of Syria. The Governor-General was on a tour through the provinces. A fatal affray took place at Hooghly, about the end of November last. Some officers of H.M.'s 9th foot were out shooting, and as the story runs one of them shot a pig or peacock. The villagers remonstrated, perhaps went further, and menaced violence. The officers fired upon them. The villagers armed themselves with mallees and attacked the gentlemen in a body. These latter defended themselves with their fowling- pieces, but the upshot was that three were severely wounded, and one of them (Capt. Donnelly) killed on the spot. The Calcutta government have purchased the wreck of the Great Harewood, for a sum of about 17,000 Its. to be converted into a floating chapel in the room of the Aurora superannuated. Letters had been received at Bombay from Nizampore in the Concan, which mention that a fire had occurred there, which destroyed about seven hundred houses. About eleven o'clock on Thursday forenoon, a fire occurred at Musjeed Bunder, which commenced in some godowns appropriated to the warehousing of tobacco, and appears to have originated from the igni- tion of a quantity of tobacco that had been incautiously packed in an improper state. Together with the godowns in which the fire began, an adjoining warehouse was burnt down. A very considerable quantity of tobacco was destroyed, entailing heavy losses upon the merchants and dealers to whom it belonged. The fire raged for a time with considerable fury, but was, by the active exertions of the Police and of the Fire Engine Department, under the personal superintendence of Captain G. Rowley, got completely under between two and three o'clock.- Bombay Courier, Nov. 16. An abstract of the operations of dig Savings Bank at Calcutta, shows that its receipts in the fin! four years have amount, ed within a few hundred Rupees to twenty-four Lakes, and that the withdrawals in tf,0 same period have been less than one-third of the amount of the deposits, leaving- a balance of Rs. 1,443,000, of which Rs. 1,002,873 have been transferred to the 4 per cent loan, and Rs. 377,132 remain at open credit in the bank. Hence it appears that the establishment, while it has more than answered the first expectations entertained as regards the public, has rendered itself a resource by no means inconsiderable to the Government treasury. Below we insert an extract from the letter of a correspondent from Which we are sorry to learn that the aspect of affairs at and near Nusseerabad is still gloomy indeed. The single ray of comfort it contains is, that disease has been kept aloof but the scarcity, if it become greater, can- not fail to derive us of this consolation ere long. We earnestly press upon the local authorities, who have recently received orders from the Lieutenant-Governor to take immcdiatesleps in bringing into opera- lion the benevolent and considerate in. tentions of Government, least they should be overtaken by the night of misery and desolation, when their labours must be fruitless as ill-timed. j " Not a drop of rain since I last wrote, and grain daily becoming dearer. The ; heat here has been unseasonably great, and ! for several days we had the hot winds hack again ; but the present dulness and sultry ness of the atmosphere, with an occasional ghost of a cloud slithering across the sun may seem to afford faint promises of a coming fall of rain. The cantonments are and have been exceedingly healthy ; but I suspect the country gentlemen of the Hindoo persuasion would prefer plenty and sickness to starvation and salubrity. There is some reason to believe that the present scarcity of provisions for man and beast will proven! the proposed visit of His Excellency the Commander-in-Chief to Rnjwara for this season. í You have of course heard that the Com- j mander-in-Chief intends visiting the three of stations of Rlhow, Neemuch, and Nussera bad, though, report says, Colonel Alves has most strongly opposed the measure, in consequence of the general distress of the countries through which His Excellency would have to pass." Delhi Gazelle, Oct. 25. The papers are unusually barren of interesting matter. 