Paddy the Piper. I'll tell you, sir, a mighty quare story, and it's as thrue as I'm standin' here, and that's no lie—It was in the time of the 'ruction [insurrection], whin the long sum- mer days, like many a fine fellow's precious life, was cut short by raison of the martial law, that wouldn't let a dacent boy be out in the evenin', good or bad; for whin the day's work was over, not a one of uz daar go to meet a frind over a glass, or a girl at the dance, but must go home, and shut ourselves up, and never budge, nor rise latch, nor dhraw boult antil the morning kem agin. Well, to come to my story—'Twas afther nightfall, and we wor sittin' round the fire, and the pratees was boilin', and the noggins of butther-milk was standin' ready for our suppers, whin a knock kem to the door. "Whisht,'' says my father; "here the so- jers come upon us now," says he; "bad luck to thim the villains, I'm afeard they seen the glimmer of the fire through the crack in the door," says he. "No," says my mother, "for I'm afther hanging an ould sack and my new petticoat agin it a while ago." "Well, whisht, any how,'' says my father, "for there's a knock agin;" and we all held our tongues till another thump kem to the door. "Oh, its folly to purtind any more," says my father; "they're too cute to be put off that-a-way," says he. "Go, Shamus," says he to me, "and see who's in it.'' "How can I see who's in it in the dark?" says I. "Well," says he, "light the can- dle thin, and see who's in it; but don't open the door for your life, barrin' they break it in," says he, "exceptin' to the sojers, and spake thim fair, if it's thim." So with that I wint to the door, and there was another knock. "Who's there?" says I. "It's me," says he. "Who are you?" says I. "A frind," says he. "Baither- shin," says I—"who are you at all?" "Arrah! don't you know me?" says he. "Not at all,'' says I. "Sure I'm Paddy the Piper," says he. "Oh, thundher and turf," says I, "is it you, Paddy, that's in it?" "Sorra one else," says he. "And what brought you at this hour?'' says I. "I didn't like goin' the roun' by the road," says he, "and so I kem the short cut, and that's what delayed me," says he. "Oh, bloody wars!" says I—"Paddy, I wouldn't be in your shoes for the king's ransom," says I; "for you know yourself it's a hang- ing matther to be catched out these times," says I. "Sure I know that," says he, "God help me; and that's what I kem to you for," says he; "and let me in for old acquaintance sake," says poor Paddy. "Oh, by this and that,'' says I, "I darnt open the door for the wide world; and sure you know it; and throth if the Husshians of the Yeo's [yeomen] catches you," says I, "they'll murther you, as sure as your name's Paddy." "Many thanks to you," says he, "for your good intintions; but, plaze the pigs, I hope it's not the likes of that is in store for me, any how." "Faix then," says I, "you had betther lose no time in hidin' yourself,'' says I; "for throth I tell you, it's a short thrial and a long rope the Husshians would be afther givin' you; for they're no justice, and less marcy, the vil- lains!" "Faith, thin, more's the raison you should let me in, Shamus" says Paddy "It's a folly to talk," says I; "I darn't open the door.'' "Oh then, millia murther!" says Paddy, "what'll become of me at all, at all," says he. "Go aff into the shed," says I, "behind the house, where the cow is, and there there's an illigant lock o' straw, that you may go sleep in," says I, "and a fine bed it 'id be for a lord, let alone a piper. So off set Paddy to the hide in the shed, and throth it wint to our hearts to refuse him, and turn him away from the door, more, by token, when the pratees was ready; for sure the bit and sup is always welkim to the poor thraveller. Well, we all wint to bed, and Paddy hid himself in the cow-house; and now I must tell you how it was with Paddy,— You see, afther sleeping for some time, Paddy wakened up, thinkin' it was mornin', but it wasn't mornin' at all, but only the light o' the moon that decaved him; but at all evints, he wanted to he stirrin' airly, bekase he was going off to town hard by, it bein faireday, to pick up a few ha'pence with his pipes; for not a bet- ther piper was in all the country round nor Pa; and every one gave it up to Paddy, that he was iligant an the pipes. [Paddy set off somewhat too early, and as he walked along in the dark, he come against a corpse hanging upon a tree, being the re- mains of a British officer hanged by the in- surgents. Paddy cuts off the limbs of this unhappy victim of popular fury, in order to obtain his boots, and returning to the cow- house, hides them beneath a heap of straw, after which he went again to sleep, but was soon after seized and taken away by a party of the military. These fragments being afterwards found by the inmates of the cot- tage, led to the notion that the cow had eaten up Paddy, and left only his legs be- hind. The results of this suspicion upon the fair fame of the animal are thus pre- sented:—] "Arrah! be aisy," says my father. "Bad luck to the lie I tell you," says I. "Is it ate, Paddy?'' says they. "Not a doubt of it," says I. "Are you sure, Shamus?" says my mother. "I wish I was as sure of a new pair of brogues," says I. "Bad luck to the bit he has left iv him but his two legs." "And do you tell me she ate the pipes too?" says my father. "I b'lieve so,'' says I. "Och,'' says he, "what a carnel taste she has for music. "Arrah!" says my mother, "don't be abusing the cow that gives the milk to the childher, "Yis. I will," says my father; "she shan't be undher my roof any more; for I'll sind her to the fair this minit," says he, "and sell her for whatever she'll bring. Go aff,'' says he, "Shamus, the minit you've ate your breakquest, and dhrive her to the fair. "Throth I don't like to dhrive her," says I. "Arrah, don't he makin' a gommah of yourself," says he. "Faith, I don't," says I. "Well, like or no like," says he, "you must dhrive her." "Sure, father," says I, "you could take more care of her yourself." "That's mighty good," says he, "to keep a dog and bark myself,'' and I rec'llected the sayin' from that hour. "Let me have no more words about it," says he, "but be aff wid you." So, aff I wint, and it's no lie I'm tellin', when I say it was sore agin my will I had any thing to do with such a villain of a baste. But howsomever, I cut a brave long wattle, that I might dhrive the man-ather iv a thief, as she was without bein' near her at all, at all. Well, away we wint along the road, and mighty throng it was wid the boys and the girls, and in short, all sorts, rich and poor, high and low, crowdin' to the fair. "God save you," says one to me. "God save you kindly," says, "That's a fine baste you're dhrivin'," says he. "Throth she is," says I, though it wint agin my heart to say a good word for the likes of her. "It's to the fair you're goin', I suppose," says he, "with the baste?" (He was a snug-lookin' farmer, ridin' a purty little gray hack.) "Thin you're right enough," says I, "it is to the fair I'm goin'." "What do you ex- pec' for her?", says he. "Thin myself doesn't know," says I; and that was thrue enough, you see, bekase I was bewildered like about the baste, intirely. "That's a quare way to be goin' to market," says he, "and not to know what you expec' for your baste." "Och," says I, not likin' to let him suspect there was any thing wrong wid her—"Och," says I, in a careless sort of a way, "surely no one can tell what a baste 'll bring till they come to the fair," says I, "and see what price is goin'." Indeed, that's nath'ral enough," says he. "But if you wor bid a fair price before you come to the fair, sure you might as well take it," says he. "Oh, I've no objection in life," says I. "Well, thin, what will you ax for her?" says he. "Why thin, I wouldn't like to be onraisonable," says I—(for the thruth was, you know, I wanted to get rid iv her)—"and so I'll take four pounds for her," says I, "and no lees." "No less," says he. "Why, sure, that's chape enough,'' says I. "Throth it is," says he, "and I'm thinkin' it's too chape it is, " says he, "for if there wasn't somethin' the matther, it's not for that you'd he sellin' the fine milch cow, as she is, to all appearance. Indeed, then," says I, "upon my conscience she is a fine milch cow." "Maybe," says he, she's gone off her milk in regard that she don't feed well." "Och, by this and by that," says I, "in regard of feedin' there's not the likes of her in Ireland; so make your mind aisy; and if you like her for the money, you may have her." "Why, in- deed, I'm not in a hurry," says, he, "and I'll wait till I see how they go in the fair." "With all my heart," says I, purtendin' to be no ways consarned, but in throth I began to he afeard that the people was seein' something unnath'ral about her, and that we'd never get rid of her at all, at all. At last we kem to the fair, and a great sight o' people was in it; throth you'd think the whole world was there, let alone the standin's o' gingerbread and illigant ribbins, and makins o' beautiful gownds, and pitch-and- toss, and merry-go-roun's, and tints with the best av drink in them, and the fiddles playin' up to incourage the boys and girls; but I never minded them at all, but detarmint to sell the thievin' rogue of a cow afore I'd mind any divarshin in life; so an I dhruv her into the thick av the fair, whin, all of a suddin, as I kem to the door av a tint, up sthruck the pipes, and, my jew'l, in a minit the cow cock'd her ears, and was makin' a dart at the tint. "Oh, murther!" says I, to the boys standin' by, "hould her," says I—"hould her—she ate one piper already; the vaga- bone, and, bad luck to her, she wants ano- ther now." "Is it a cow for to ate a piper?" says one of them. "Not a word o' lie in it; for I seen his corps myself, and nothing left but the two legs," says I; "and it's a folly to be sthrivn' to hide it, for I see she'll never lave it aff, as poor Paddy Grogan knows to his cost." "Who's that takin' my name?" says a voice in the crowd; and with that, shovin' throng a one side, who should I see but Paddy Grogan, to all appearance. "Oh, hould him too," says I; keep him av me, for it's not himself at all, but his ghost," says I; "for he was kilt last night, to my satin knowledge, every inch av him, all to his legs." Well, sir, with that Paddy—for it was Paddy himself, as it came out afther—fell a laughin', and when he kem to himself, he ups and he tould us how it was, as I tould you already; and the likes av the fun they made av me was beyant tellin', for wrong- fully misdoubtin' the poor cow, and layin' the blame of atin' a piper on her. So we all wint into the tint to have it explained, and we dhrank health and long life to Paddy and the cow; and Paddy played that day beautifully, and many a one said the likes was never heard before or since, even from Paddy himself and av coorse the poor slan- dered cow was dhruv home agin, and many a quiet she had wid us afther that; and whin she died, throth my father had sitch a regard for the poor thing, that he had her skinned, and an illigant pair of throwsers made out iv her hide, and it's in the fam'ly to this day; and isn't it mighty remarkable it is, what I'm going to tell you now, but it's as thrue at I'm here, that from that out, any one that has thim things an, the minit a pair o' pipes sthrikes up, they can't rest, but goes jiggin' and jiggin' in their sate, and never stops as long as the pipes is playin'." 