SKETCHES BY BOZ. GREENWICH FAIR. If the Parks be "the lungs of London," we wonder "What Greenwich Fair, is—a pe- ribdical breaking out, we suppose ; a sort of spring-rush— a three days' fever, which cools the blood for six months afterwards, and at the expiration of which, London is restored to its old habits of plodding industry, as suddenly and completely as if nothing had ever happened to disturb them. ln our earlier days, we were a constant fre quenter of Greenwich Fair for years. We have proceeded to, and returned front it in almost every description of vehicle. We cannot conscientiously deny the charge of having once made the passage in a spring van, accompanied by thirteen gentlemen, fourteen ladies, an unlimited nunber of children, and a barrel of beer ; and we have a vague recollection of having in later days found ourself the eight outside on the top of a hackney-coach, at something past four o'clock in the morning, with a rather con fused idea of our own name, or place of residence. We have grown older since then, and quiet and steady : liking nothing tetter than to spend our Easter and all Our other holidays, in some quiet nook, With people of whom we shall never tire: but we think we shall still remember a good deal of Greenwich fair, and those who resort to it. The road to Greenwich during the whole of Easter Monday presents a scene of ani mated bustle, which cannot fail to amuse the most indifferent observer. Cabs, hackney- coaches, " shay," carts, coal-waggons, stages, omnibuses, sociables, gigs, donkey- chaises — all crammed with people (for the question never is what the horse cau draw, hut what the vehicle will hold,) roll along at their utmost speed — the dust flies in clouds — ginger-beer corks go off in volleys — the balcony of every puulic-house is crowded with people smoking aud drinking — half the private nouses are turned iuto tea- shops — ' Addles arq in great request — every little fruit shop displays its stall of gilt ginger bread ana penny toys — turnpike men are in despair — horses won't go on, and wheels will come off— ladies in " crawans' scream with fright at every fresh concussion, and their admirers find it necessary to sit re markably close to them, by way of encou ragement — servants of all- work, who are not allowed to have followers, and have got a holyday for the day, make the most of their time with the faithful admirer, whd waits for a stolen interview at the corner of the street every night, when they go to fetcli the beer — apprentices grow sentimental, aud straw bonnet makers kind ; every body is anxious to get on, aud actuated by the com mon wish to be at the fair or in the park as soon as possible. Pedestrians linger iii groups at the road-side, unable to resist the allurements of the stout nronrietress of the "Jack-in-the-box — three shies a penny," or the more splendid offers of the mau with three thimbles and a pea on a little round hoard, who astonishes the bewildered crowd with some such address as, " Here's the sort o'game to make you laugh seven years nrter you're dead, and turn ev'y air ou your ed grey with delight ! Three thimbles and vuiT little pea — with a vun, two, three, and a two, three, vun ; catch him who can, look on, keep your eyes open, and never say die ! Diver mind the chance, and damn the ex pense : all fair and above board : them as don't plav can't vin, and luck attend the royal sportsman ! Bet any gen'l'mau any sum of money, from arf-a-crovvu up to a suverin, as he dovsn't name the thimble as kivers the pea !" Here some greenhorn whispers his friend that he distinctly saw the pea roll under the middle thimble — an im pression which is immediately confirmed by a gentleman in top-boots who is standing by, and who in a low tone regrets his own inability to bet in consequence of having unfortunately left his purse at home, but strongly urges the stranger not to neglect such a golden opportunity. The " plant," is successful ; the bet is made ; the stranger of course loses, and the gentleman with the thimbles consoles him as he pockets the money with an assurance that it's all the fortin of var ! this time I vin, next time you vin : never mind the loss of two bob and a bender ! Do it up in small parcel, and break out in a fresh place ! Here's the sort o'game,'' &c.;— — and the eloquent harangue with such variations as the -speaker's exuberant fancy suggests, is again repeated to the gaping crowd, reinforced by the accession of several new comers. The chief place of resort in the day-time, after the public-bouses, is the park, in which the -principal amusement is to drag young ladies np the steep hill which leads to the observatory, and then drag them down again at the very top of their speed, greatly to the derangement of their curls aud much to the edification of lookers on from below. "Kiss in the King'' and "Threading my Grandmother's Needle," too, are sports which receive their full share of patronage. Love-sick swains, under the influence of gin-and-water, and the tender passion, become violently affec tionate ; and the fair objects of their re gard enhance the value of stolen kisses, by a vast deal of straggling, and holding down of heads, and cries of "Ob ! .ha5 done, then, George — Oh, do tickle him for me Mary. — Well, I never1." and similar Lucretian ejaculations. Little old men and women, with a small basket under one arm, and a wine-glass, without a foot, in the other hand, tender " a drop o' the right sort" to the different groups; and young ladies, who are persuaded to indulge in a drop of the aforesaid right sort, display a pleasing degree of reluctance to taste it, and cough afterwards with great propriety. The old pensioners, who, for the moderate charge of a penny, exhibit the mast-house, the Thames, and shipping, the place where the men used to hang in -chains, and other interesting sights through a telescope, are; asked questions about objects witnip the range of the glass, which it would puzzle a Solomon' to answer:-; and requested tol fiud out particular houses in particular I streets, which it would have been xtarak of 1 !some difficulty for Mr. - Horner (not the I 1 younggentleman. who . eats- mince pies with I J his- thumb-,' but the man of Colosseum noto- 1 riety) to discover. Here and thei'ev where I some three or four couple are sitting on the grass together, you .will see; a sun-burnt I woman in a red cloak '' telling fortunes' I | and prophesying husbands, wliich it re- I 1 quires no extraordinary observation to de- I scribe, for the originals are before her. ! Thereupon the lady concerned' laughs and ' blushes, and ultimately buries her face in an imitation-cambric handkerchief, and the gentleman described looks extremely fodl- isli, and squeezes her hand, and fees the gipsy liberally ; and the gypsy goes away perfectly satisfied herself, and leaving those behind her perfectly satisfied also, and the prophecy, like many other prophecies or I greater importance, fulfils itself in time. I But it grows dark, the crowd lias gradu- I ally dispersed, and only a! few stragglers J are left behind. The light in the direction 1 of the church shows that the fair is iflumi- J nated, aud the distant noise proves it to he J filling fast. The spot which half an hour ago was ringing with shouts of boisterous J mirth is as calm and quiet as if nothing J could ever disturb its serenity ; the fine old trees, the majestic building at your feet, with the noble river beyond, glistening in the moonlight, appear before you in all I their beauty, and under tile most favour able aspect ; the voices of the asylum boys 1 singing their evening hymn are boVue faintly to your ear, and you feel something like pride on reflecting, as you bend your steps towards the Park-gate, fliat you belong to the country which has selected suicli a spot as a retreat for its oldest and best defend ers in the decline of life. _ I Five minutes walking brings you to the fair ; a scene calculated to awaken very dif ferent feelings from those inspired by the place you have just left. The entrance is occupied on either side by the vendors of gingerbread and toys ; the stalls are gaily lighted up, the most attractive goods pro fusely disposed, and unbonneted young la dies, in their zeal for the interest of their employers, seize you by the coat, and use all their blaudishments of u Do dear" — : There's a love"—" Don't be cross now," I &c; , to induce you to purchase half a pound J of the real spice nuts, of which the majority of the regular fair goers carry a pound or two as a present supply, tied up in a cotton pocket-handkerchief. Occasionally, you pass a deal table, on which are exposed peu'orths of pickled salmon (fennel included) in little white saucers ; oysters with shells as large as cheese-plates, and divers specimens of a species of snail (wilks we think they are called) floating in a somewhat bilious- looking green liquid. Cigars, too, are iu oTAat demand : ffentlemen must smoke, of % v« v — 7 O ' , I course, and here they are, two a penny, in J a regular authentic cigar box, with a lighted I tallow candle in the centre. | Imagine yourself in an extremely dense I crowd, which swings you to and fro and in j and out, and every way but the right one ; add to this the screams of women, the shouts I of boys, the clanging of gongs, the firing of 1 pistols, the ringing of bells, the bcllowings j of speaking-trumpets, the squeaking of j penny dittos, the noise of a dozen bands, J with three drums iu each, all playing differ- I ent tunes at the same time, the hollowing j of showmen, aud an occasional roar from J the wild beast shows, and you are in the J centre and heart of the fair. This immense I booth, with the large stage in front, so I brightly illuminated with variagated lamps and pots of burning fat, is Richard- I son's," where you have a melo-drama (with 1 three murders and a ghost,) a pantomine, a J comic song, an overture, and some hidden- J tal music, all done in five-and-twenty j minutes. The company are how promihad- ing outside in all the dignity of wigs, span gles, red-ocbre, and whiting. See with I what a ferocious air the gentleman who per- I sonates the Mexican chief paces up and down, and with what an eye of calm dignity the principal tragedian gazes on the crowd below, or converses confidentially with the I harlequin. The four clowns, who are en- 1 engaged in a mock broad sword combat, may be all very well for the low-minded holyday makers ; but these are the people for the reflective portion of the community. Tb.ev look so noble in those Roman dresses j with their yellow legs and arms, long black i curley heads, bushey eyebrows, and scowl j expressive of assassination and vengeance, and everything else that is grand and so lemn, Then the Ladies — were there ever such innocent and awful-looking beings as they walk up and down the platforms in twos and threes, with their arms round each | other's waists, or leaning for support on one j of those majestic men ! Their spangled muslin dresses and blue satin shoes and sandles (a (eetle the worse for wear) are the admiration of all beholders ; and the playful manner in which they check the advances of the clown is perfectly enchanting " Just a-going to begin ! Pray come for'erd, come for'erd/' exclaims the man in the countryman's dress, for the seventieth time, and people force their way up the steps iu crowds. The baud suddenly strikes up ; the harlequin and columbine set the example : reels are formed in less than no time ; the Roman heroes place their arms a-kimbo and dance with considerable agility ; and the leading tragic actress, and the gentlemen who enacts the " swell" in the paiitoroine, foot it to perfection. " Ail in to begin" spouts the manager when no more people can be induced to " come fer'erd," and away rush the leading mem bers iu the first piece. A change of performance takes place every day during the fair, but the story of the tragedy is always pretty much the same. There's a rightful heir, who loves a young lady, and is beloved by her ; and the wrongful heir, who loves her too, and isn't loved by her ; and the wrongful heir, gets hold of the rightful heir, and throws him into a. dungeon, .just tokillbim off when) convenient, for which purpose he hires a- couple- of assassins— a good one and a bad' one— who, the moment they are left alone,; get' up a little murder oil their own account ;; the good one killing the bad one, and the! ; bad1 one wounding the good- one. Then the: rightful heir is discovered in prison, carefully' holding a long chaifr id his hanclsi and seated despondingiy in a large arm chair ; and the- young lady coines iuto two bars of soft music,) and embraces the rightful heir ; and them the wrongful heir cbrties in to two bars of- j quick music, and goes' oh' in fhemosf shock ing manner, throwing the yoilng lady about as if she was- nobody,- and calling the right- | ful heir " Ar recreant— ar- Wretch !" in ai very loud voice, which answers the double I purpose of displaying his passion, aiid pre-' I venting the sound being deadened' by the1 I sawdust. The interest becomes intense ; the I wrnn n-fiil heir draws his- SWOVd. aiid rushes on thd rightful lieir ; a' blue sihoke is seen a gong is heard, and a tail white figure (who 1. has been all this time behind the arm-chafe coveved over with a- table cloth,) slowly rlJ J ses to the tune of " Oft in the stilly night." This is no other than the ghost of the rightful I heir's father who was killed by the wrong-' fill heir's father at sight of which the wrong ful heir becomes apopletic, and is literally I " struck all Ufa heap," the stage not being large enough to admit of his falling down at full length. Then the good assassin staggers in, and says lfe was hired in con junction with the bad assassin, by the wrong ful heir, to kill the rightful heir ; and he's killed a good many people in his time, but he's sorry for it, and won't do so any more — a promise which he immediately redeems by dying off hand, without any nonsense : about it. Then the rightful heir throws j i down his chairi ; and then two men, a sailor, and young woinan (the tenantry of the rightful heir) come in ; and the ghost makes dumb motions to them, which they,, by supernatural iuterfereuce understand-1- for no one else can ; and the ghost (who can't do anything without biue fire) blesseS the rightful heir and the young lady, by half suflbcatiug them with smoke, and then a niuflin-be!l rings, aiid the curtain drops. The exhibitions next in popularity to those itiucrcfit theatres, are the travelling mena geries, or, to speak more intelligibly, the ' Wild-beast shows," where a military band in beefeater's costume; with leopard skin caps, play incessantly ; and where large high- coloured representations of tigers tear- I in'g men's heads open, and a liou being burnt with red hot irons to induce him to j drop his victim, are hung up outside, by I way of attracting visiters. I The principal officer at these places is generally a very tall, hoarse mau, in a J scarlet coat, with a cane in his hand, with which he occasionally raps the pictures we have just noticed, by way of illustrating his I description — something in this way,-— I « Hara kora horn thn linn. the Hon rtnnA ""M -v,.- , V" rv exactly as he is represented on the canvass outside (three taps ) no waiting remember; no deception. The fo-vo-cious liou (tap, I tap) who bit off the gentlemaus head last Cambervel vos a twelvemonth, and has kil led on the aVerage three keepers a-year ever since he arrived at matooritv. — No extra charge on this account recollect ; the price of admission is only sixpence." This ad dress never fails to produce a considerable sensation, aud sixpences flow iuto the trea sury with wonderful rapidity. The dwarfs are also objects of great curi osity ; and as a dwarf, a giantess, a living j skeleton, a wild Indian, a " young lady of J singular beauty, with perfectly white hair and pink eyes," and two or three other natural curiosities are usually ex hibited together for the small charge of a penny, they attract very numerous1 audiences. The best thing about a dwarf is, that be has always a little box, about two feet six inches high, iuto which, by long : practice, he can j list manage to get by doub ling himself up like a boot-jack j - this box- is painted outside like a six-roomed house, and as the crowd see him ring a hell, or fire a pistol out of the first floor window, they verily believe that it is his ordinary town j residence, divided like other mansions into I drawing rooms, dihing-parlour, and bed I chambers. Shut up in this case, the unfortu nate little object is brought out to delight the throng by holding a facetious dialogue with the proprietor, iu the course of which, the dwart (who is always particularly drunk) pledges hiinself to sing a comic song inside : and always various compliments to the ladies, I which induce them to " come for'erd" with j great alacrity. As a giant is not so easily j moved, a pair of indescribables of most J capacious dimensions and a huge shoe are usually brought out, into which two or three j stout men get all at once, to the enthusiastic J delight of the crowd, who are quite satisfied with the solemn assurance that these habili- 1 meats form part of the giant's every day cos- i tume. I The grandest arid most numerously fre- I J quented booth in the whole "fair, however, is j " The Crown and Anchor" — a temporary j hall-room— we forget how many hundred 1 feet long, the price of admission to which is one shilling. Immediately on your right hand as you enter, after paying your money, is a refreshment place, at which cold beef roast mid boiled— French rolls, stout, wine, tongue, ham, even fowls, if we recollect light, are displayed in tempting array. There is a raised orchestra, and the place is boarded all the way down in patches, just wide enough for a country dance. There is no master of | the ceremonies in this artificial Eden— all is primative, unreserved, and unstudied. The dust is blinding, the heat insupportable, the company somewhat noisy, and in the highest spirits possible: the ladies in the height of their innocent animation, dancing in the gentlemen's hats, and the gentlemen promin- ading the gay and festive scene' in the ladies' bonnets, or with the more expensive ornaments of false noses, and low-crowned, tinder-box looking hats, playing children's drums, and accompanied by ladies on the penny trumpet. The noise of these various instruments, the orchestra, the shouting, " the scratchers/' and- the dancing; is per fectly bewildering.- The dancing itself beg-; gers description- — every .figure lasts about ani hour, and the ladies bounce about with a; degree of spirit; which is; quite: indescribable.; As to- the gentlemen; tliey stamp their feeti against the ground, every time " hands four, round" begins; go down the middle and iip again- witli cigars in their mouths and silk handkerchiefs in their hands and whirl their partners round, nothing loath, scram bling and1 falling, and embracing; aud knock ing up against tlie other couples, until they lire fairly tired out, and can move no longer. The same scene is repeated again and again- ' ('slightly varied by an occasional Ce row ' ' until a iate hour ar night' : and a great many : clerks and 'prentices- find themselves next morning with aching heads, empty pockets, I damaged hats, and a very imperfect recollec- I tion of how it was they did not get home. 