EXTRA ACTS. ANIMAL MAGNETISM. (Extract of a letter from Sir W. Scott to Lady L. Stuart.)-" Your Ladyship cannot think me such an owl as to pay more respect to animal magnetism, or anthology, or any other one of the present day. The sailors have an uncouth proverb, that every man must eat a peck of dirt in the course of his life, and thereby reconcile themselves to swallow un- palatable messes. Even so say every age must swallow a certain deal of superstitious nonsense ; only, observing the variety which nature seems to study through all her works, each generation takes its nonsense, us heralds say, with a difference. I wits early behind the scenes, having been in childhood a patient of no less it man than the celebrated Dr. Graham, the great quack of that eldest day. I had, being, as Sir Hugh Evans says, a fine spring boys shrewd idea that his ning netism was all humbug,', but Dr. Graham, though he used a different method, was as much admired in his day as any of the French fops. I did once think of turning on the modern mummers, but I did not want to be engaged in so senseless a controversy, which would, nevertheless-, have occupied some time and trouble. The inference was pretty plain that the same reasons which explode the machinery of witches and ghosts proper to our ancestors, must be destructive of the supernatural nonsense of our own days." Lockhart's Life of Scott, vol. 7. Pie-rom ir. AusuiiDiTiES Several of our con- temporaries have been making an experiment on the credulity of their readers by narrating the following extravagant pictorial anecdotes An artist, having to paint the death of Milo, of Cre- tons, engaged in athletic porter to stand as a model, and placed him in the required attitude in which Milo was supposed to he when held by the clover tree and attacked by a lion. As the man did not make the necessary contortions and display of suffering, the painter brought into the atelier a savage bulldog, and encouraged him to attack the poor model, who was fast bound to an imaginary tree. While he was writhing under the teeth of the animal, the artist was enthusiastically occupied in drawing his magnificent expressions of pain and terror; but the man has come on him for an indemnity, and intends to carry the case before a tribunal. Another painter occasionally annoys the whole neighbourhood of his residence in the Chaussee d'Antiu by sounding the bugle, discharging fire-arms, cracking whips,, breaking chairs, and other similar feats and when remonstrated with excuses himself on the ground that they are necessary to fill him with martial ideas, in order to execute a famous battle piece on which he is engaged._Gatigriuni's Messenger. 