THE THEATRE On Monday evening was performed, for the first time in this Colony, an admirable three ac comedy from the pen of Mr. Buckstone, entitle Married Life. Notwithstanding a Mr. Mrs. Dismal are component parts ol tne aramaits per- sonee, the piece is lively and amusing. Mr. Lionel Lynx, and Mrs. Lional Lyiix, have been joined in the silken bonds ol wedlock some six years ; the gentleman has a taste for gallantry, and the lady for continual upbraidings and jealousy. Mr. Samuel Coddle and Mrs. Samuel Coddle,' another pair of happy mortals drawn together by one of those freaks of the blind god dess which are often to be seen in the world. Their dispositions and temperament are as op posite as the Poles asunder ; Mr. S. C. is a very sensitive plant ; the slightest breath of air chills his marrow ; an open window is his abo mination, and he is clad with sufficient habili ments to have rigged the race ol the Coddles, from the time of the Flood; in the dog days a glowing German stove graces his bed-chamber, and an extra great coat envelopes this moving iceberg. Mrs. S. C. on the reverse, has blood in her veins boiling and mantling, always in a glow— a patron, of fresh air, and a detester of German stoves. Mr. Henry Dove and Mrs. Henry Dove are not always ol that mild dispo sition which their names denote, but have bickerings as well as other people; Mrs. D. is a lady of classic lore and sound erudition ; Mr. D. was formerly her footman, illiterate and vul gar, who declares " it is excessively mdgar to go without ivitruals'' i and when dining in company has an annoying habit of jumping up to answer the bell or knocker, upon tlie. principle very, probably of the old adage, " what's bred in the, bone." &c.; and a few such like solecisms make up liis character, which liis lady attempts to amend, thereby making matters worse. Mr. and Mrs. Youn'ghusband are a brace of contradic- : tions ; should one assert it to be hot, the other would assuredly negative the position, and their lives are tl'ius comfortably spent in giving point blank denials to each other. Mr. and Mrs. Dismal area brace of old fools, who having reached the grand elinmctrix in a state of single blessedness, have married for want of some thing else to do. These five couple constitute the parties of tlie piece. The aetual plot, freed from surplusage, lies in a nut shell. All the parties are frie.nds, and Mrs. Dove and her hus band wait upon Lynx for the purpose of ob taining tlie balance of an account for the school ing of a young lady placed under the charge of Mrs. D. by Lynx ; unfortunately lie is not at home and tlie cause of the visit is stated to Mrs, L.; here her jealous temper bursts out, and upon seeing her husband, she upbraids him with what she styles liis vile conduct, and leaves the house ; as to who and what the young lady is he wishes to keep a secret; he waits upon Cod dle, and requests of him to call the girl his daughter; Coddle refuses, having the fear. of his wife before his eyes, but upon Lynx whispering something into his car, lie quickly alters his tone, and vows to do whatever he directs — he will keep secret what he has just commanded. Mrs. Coddle finding that her husband's blood has thawed, and that he is inclined to fever,' challenges him with being diseased in his mind, and that it originates from some communica tion he has been having with Lynx. The un happy Coddle is thrown into a violent pertur bation at this announcement, but wisely de elines any confession. All the parties are in vited to dine at the house of Zyw.r, during which it transpires that Coddle lias been before mar-- ried, and that a certain lady in black, who has been seen by several of the parties, is " his wife. Mrs. Coddle, after flying into a violent pet at the treachery of Mr. C-. leaves him as she says forever. Mutual disputes take place between the other couples, and they separate with the same good understanding. Poor Coddle takes, private lodgings, quite secret and out of the way of his friends and the Police, the latter of whom he fears may trouble him on the score of bigamy, hut is 110 less aunoyed than surprised at finding the house to belong to an Inspector of Police, and that the room above his is occu pied -by a Bow-street officer; further he is be sieged by all his male acquaintance, among whom arrives Dove with a piece of communica tion that cheeks and gladdens the heart of Cod dle, namely, lh at the lady in black was his aunt, and liad been cook when he did footman, and that s&e; had imposed upon Coddle by a false name — the marriage therefore is not bind ing : for this piece of information Dove has his coat torn from his back by Coddle in expressing his joy at such a happy release. Lynx, upon going to his house in search of his wife, ob serves a man making advances to her, which she repulses; he rushes towards them, but the man escapes as he is prevented from following by his wife ; a reconciliation takes place, when he informs her that the secret relative to the young lady at the boarding school had been entrusted to him by his sister, when he pro mised that he would communicate it to no one until her death; that had taken place, and he could now divulge it : the man who had just fled his house was the seducer of his sister, and the girl was the offspring; his sister was sub sequently married, and to prevent her fame from being blasted the secret had been kept. The other couples now arrive, and Mrs. Coddle - find ing that all is as she could wish, very cordially embraces Coddle, who has thrown oft' the whole of his warm clothing, and appears in a suit of jean. Coddle, to wind up matters, suggests a salute all round, and takes upon himself to give the word of. command, " one, two — fire,'' and the lips of the ladies are impressed with the seal of reconciliation by their husbands. Mr: Lazar's conception of Coddle was very good; in his attire he resembled a bear in a hirsute pe lisse more than anything else to which we can liken him, being quite in keeping with the Alpine cliill expressed in his countenance. Mr. Munyard did not please us so much in the part of Lynx as in other characters we have seen him sustain ; he appeared stiff, and undoubtedly out of his line : we would suggest to him when he enacts such parts the propriety of wearing gloves. We think that Mr. Winters was never more amusing or successful than as Dove (but he could show a little of the vulture too when re quired), and the audience by their plaudits ap peared of our opinion ; his mispronunciation was quite Malapropish and pointed. Mr. Ca meron was more perfect in the dialogue as Younghushand than of late; he requires a little more vivacity. Lee was dismal enough as Dis mal, but the part being very mediocre accounts for it. Mrs. Taylor was very happy as Mrs. Coddle, and played with a pleasing effect. Can not this lady avoid laughing when it is totally uncalled for? Mrs. Lynx was sustained by Mrs. Cameron in a natural and unaffected style. Mrs. Clarke had little to do as Mrs. Dove, but that was executed in a lady-like manner. Mrs. Downes was respectable as Mrs. Young- husband ; if she would raise her. voice she would appear to more advantage. Mrs. Larra was tolerable as Mrs. Dismal, but it was impossible for us to conceive her the character which Buck- stone drew. The Drama was played well, but another re presentation will cause more smoothness in the dialogue, and a greater portion of the suaviter in modo than, can ever be attained upon the first night of performance. The audience were evi dently well pleased, and at the fall of the cur tain a deafening sound of applause testified their approbation. The after-piece was the Pet of the Petticoats, upon which having before com mented at length, it wpuld be superfluous now. It went off satisfactorily. Tho Orchestra brushed up their ideas, and gave some strains of a more enlivening nature than of late, and they were not without their reward for $0 doing. 1 , On Thursday evening was produced, for the third time in this Colony, Buekstone's Comedy of Victorine, or Pll sleep on't. We have already gone so fully into the merits of this Drama that any repetition on that head would be out of place. The piece went oft' satisfactorily, and elicited from the audience, upon the fall, of the curtain, a round of applause. Two trifles -con cluded the amusements of the evening, the Bur- letta of the Married Bachelor, and My Husband's Ghost, a Farce. The Orchestra had improved, and before the rising of the curtain performed the Overture to the Caliph of Bagdad with con- | siderable execution, considering tlie smallness of ( their numbers. We are informed that a misun- ;1 derstanding occurred between Mr. Lazar and Mr. Munyard, during the rehearsal 011 Thurs day, respecting some stage business, which 'lis likely to lead to the retirement of the latter gentleman from . the boards; at all events Mr. Spencer has been re-engaged, and on Monday night will sustain a character in the Historical Drama of Gnstavus the Third, or The Ma/tked Ball, which had been studied by Mr. Munyard. The loss of Mr. Munyard, if it actually takes place, will be no doubt ampl ' replaced by Mr. Spencer, still these squabbles have a. tendency to lower the Drama in this Colony iri thb opi nion of the respectable portion of the visitors to the Theatre. Unquestionably the Manager must be supported by parties who placed him in I authority, and obeyed by those under big direc tion ; still, he should remember, that although 'tis excellent to have a giant's strength, that it is tyranny to use it like a giant. On the other hand, performers, .when they join a theatrical company, cannot fail being "aware of the duty of obedience they owe to the Manager ; and that all resistance to his authority if he is firm, and made of right materials for his responsible office, can be of non avail. We should hope that this little cloud lias passed ere this, and that it will not lead to any ebullition of feeling from the friends of either party. We wpuld recommend that Mr. Munyard, who is unquestinably a very promising actor, bt retained. A third in the melo dramatic line, having been much wanted during the present season, and an opportunity to fill that gap, the want of which has marred the effect of ma.iy pieces, now offers, which ;was not by any means anticipated. Should a con summation " so devoutly to he wished," take fl place, the actors and actresses will be .on a par 1 as to talent, which at present is not the case. I Keep up by all means the character of the drama I here, and if not disgraced, it never can disgrace I itself. 6 I 