Original Correspondence. To the Editor of the Sydney Herald. SIR,--I trust you will excuse my addressing the following lines to a subordinate in your Establishment instead of yourself. Perhaps, flattered by the attention your Imp may make interest at Head-quarters to prevent the repetition of such infernal doings as are herein complained of: or, at least, he may prevent his own panegyric from being committed to the flames:-- \----------Quis talia, fando, Myrmidona, Dolopumoe, aut duri miles Ulyssei Temperet a lacrymis? Blest Imp of the type!--or blest type of the Devil! Attend to your business, and set your types level, And make yourself sure when you print the word Flocks, It can rhyme with a sportsman to nothing but Fox. But before we go on, let me drop you a hint To be careful you make no mistake in the print; Mind your p's and your q's, and a word to the y's, If not done to a t, you had best mind your i's. For it follows, that sure as a dog is sagacious, A fox-hunter's always extremely pugnacious. So brush up your brains--I don't mean a pun, For I want to get forward to speak of the run Which appeared t'other day well detailed in your columns, And gave me more pleasure than two quarto volumes. 'Twas a run with a kill, and the first of the season, But Oh for the sequel! Oh treason! Oh treason! It seems that a wretch only fit for the rack Has shot at and wounded the Queen of the pack-- Was it "Barmaid"?--No; "Weston"!--I hope not, the jewel! With her melting black eyes, could a fiend be found so cruel Enough to attempt with his murderous trigger The life of a lass of such beautiful figure? Full bosom, bold loin, round rib, and joint lean With a leg, foot, and fetlock--(an ankle I mean) That would put to the blush many Mullingar ladies Who carry more calf than the damsels of Cadiz. Yes--"Somerviles" praises are centred in "Bar- maid," She's made as the beauties of packs always are made. * * * * * * Is this then the fate of fair England's fair daughters Who come all the way o'er the wide waste of waters, And scorning the vile race of curs that prevail here Mate with none but the gentlemen dogs of Aus- tralia? Oh "Barmaid"! it seems, though nine months, but a day Since I saw thee, my belle, in the family way. And who but a sportsman can reckon the worth Of six of thy darlings destroyed e'er their birth? If so, or the Dootor should still fail to cure ye, By the Lord! let them only put me on the jury; For if its manslaughter to kill one alone, Pray what do they call it to kill six in one? Diana! what crime can remain unatoned That the best in the pack should in this way be "boned"? Oh Goddess! thou knowest we've done with the bag, That we've nothing to do with the old Sydney drag. In Cumberland, broken-legged deer are not taken, Nor vile aniseed by thy votaries shaken-- Old Granny has long ago cut her last caper, And puggy sits safe cheek by jowl with the dra- per.* Then cursed be the hand of dear beauty's oppressor, And livid the lip that longs not to caress her. Oh dark be the brow that returns not her flushes And pale be the cheek that reflects not her blushes. Be deaf as the adder who drinks not her voice, And blind as the mole who could envy her joys But He who with Hell's blackest infamy wife, Could aim like the serpent of old at her life Away with him Furies! if still left unhung-- Nor leave him to turn to the dung whence he sprung! Oh England! my country! thou land of the brave! Should the wind waft the cause of my verse o'er the wave, Would it there be believed?--no j I trust not-- so bloody A murder would wake up the soul of "Tom Moody" Not a ghost would lie still--but from under the sod he Would rise who had e'er "gone the pace" in the body; And swear he was happy he had ne'er seen the day When a hound would be shot at for losing his way! But I feel that Australia has still indignation To brand the foul deed with her just execration: Fair Queen of the south! since 'tis Phœbus that warms Thy breast with his beauty, and blesses thine arms, Knowest thou not that our Dian's his sister by birth? Then say, would'st thou banish our Dian from earth? Ah no! let her stray through thy woodland's wide bounds, Nor sully her track with the blood of her hounds. VENATOR. Hunter's River, July 20, 1838. * It is a fact, that the highly domesticated canine inmate of a "respectable house" in George-street, afforded the Sydney (sportsmen?) several "brilliant runs" over the sands of Botany last season! Nimrods of Sydney, one would think Your faces, not your coats, were pink. 