ORIGINAL POETRY. MY WIFE. (A Sketch ) You were asking me, Tom, not a fortnight ago, When we met in the natty Bob Stockdale's depôt, To give you a little rough sketch (off at hand), Of the kind of a spouse I should like to command, Provided the fates were to use me so ill As compel me to swallow the Hymeneal pill; So having just now an unemployed minute, I think I'll comply with your wish--and begin it. In the first place, then, Tom (for, barring all jokes, I'm persuaded that 'tis the first place with most folks), I don't want a girl in whom love is so cold That it needs must be warm'd with a purse-full of gold; And instead of a free and due fund of affection Ever prating of "wealth," and "His Lordship's connexion;" And dinning one's ears with a tedious tirade How such and such "settlements" ought to be made; Beginning and ending the day with such rant Pshaw! 'tis not a creature like this that I want. Let her only possess (with her beauty) some sense, And the tact to exhibit it void of pretence; And she'll please me far better than if both her pockets Were as close set with gold as with hair are her lockets. "Apropos" of her hair--I'd have that rather decent, According, of course, to the fashion most recent; And not, as some have it, stuck up on her head, Like the formal festoons of an old-fashioned bed-- But falling, laburnum-like, over her brow-- The raven's rich plume o'er a mountain of snow. Then as to her age: I would have it--let me see-- Not less than nineteen, nor above thirty-three: For if she's too young she'll be giddy and rough, And if old, ten to one if she's giddy enough. So between the two points I'd endeavour to steer, And, if possible, keep of them both pretty clear. Then her height: as to this, though I care not a jot, She may either be five feet four inches, or not-- I'm entirely careless respecting all that; But preserve me, O Hymen, from one's that too fat! I would not accept her though queen of the mint; No--rather than that, oh, ye Gods, let her squint! Again--and now don't say, dear Tom, that I'm rude-- I can't think of marrying one who's a prude; She must have a good name, as I take her for life, And bury all thoughts of the "belle" in the "wife." She must know how to cook, too--be quick at her stitches, And never aspire to wearing the breeches. And last, tho' not least, in this foolish prospectus, As we are her Lord she must learn to respect us. Folks may say what they like about wives having rule, But let me have one, Tom, out of Nature's own school. Give me none of your dolls that are made for saloons, And who look, when they're dress'd, like inflated baloons; All head or all tail, as the case may then be, But with less common sense than the trunk of a tree; Whose virtues--at least, all the stock they possess, Are kept in the wardrobe along with their dress, Exhibited only in the height of the season, When folks are too gay to think ought about reason; And when riches and ankles are more in the mart Than beauty, and women, and goodness of heart. No, no, my dear Tom, I'll have none of the host, I should think I'd got hold of a milliner's ghost! But listen: this now is what I call a treasure: One whose mind is above all low fashions and pleasure; Whose feelings are soft as a woman's can be; Whose passions from all unkind envy are free; Whose joys are as pleasing as hope hath e'er given; Whose thoughts are as pure as the angels in heaven; And who feel as much pride in the peasant's low shed As though a queen's coronet circled her head. Such, Tom, is the wife I should like to call mine, And now, my dear lad, give's a picture of thine. W. M. 