Odd Fellows5 Column. 51 SAM W5LL4R. TuRN ABOUT-On Thursday a very pretty specd men of what might he called tair play, came off in Gemirse-street. A brace of youths, well wound up for the day, had some little dispute about Colonial politics. They both stopped in the middle of the street, and commenced argufying the matter, which was no doubt done with considemable tact, at all events enetgy was not wanting, and after a very elahorate display of what may be called, or mis called, it don't matter much which, eloquence, one of them tel f1il half a dozen words, which lell very hard upon thiC toes of the apposite party. a ho, not at all rehsheng the insinuation, coolly turned up the cuffs of his coat and catching his opponent a smart crack under the jugular, stretched klta in the dust, and then walked slowly forward ; the youth who was floored, taving gathered up himself. and shaken off the dust hanging to his habiliments, strided af ter his opponent. shoutin " holloa yin Jack, a word with you ;" Jack stooped, when the enquirer came up to hit and let fly his "dexter bunch of fives" into his face; Jack now in his turn was down, and a similar reciprocal kind of warfare was kept up for a considerable distance, when they were both housed. But strange to aty, the following morn ing neither of them remembered any thing of the circumstance. Mir. CRozitaR.-" Mr. Crozier, Mr. Crozieri call Mr. Crozier," pianwed the Colonel; "call Mr. Cro zier," bravurud the Chief Constable*" "call Mr. Crozier ' exclaimed the Deputy Chief; "call bit. Crozierl I" sang forth an Inapt eror; "call 11r. Cro zier 1" shouted a Sergeant; " call Mr. Crozier!" bellowed a constable. The object of these ejacula tions having made his bow at the portal of the Police Office, was accosted in turn as follows-' Mr. Cro zier, I want to speak to you; come this way,' said the Colonel. Mr. Crozier advanced about three steps towards the spot designated, when he was stopped short by the Chief's ' this way, Mr. Crozier, this way'. The line of advance was altered, and having retrograded it step or two, lie encountered the Dep uty, who, to show his activity, chimed in with ' this trag, Mr. Crozier, this way;' the course was again altered, and after tacking three or four mute times, at the suL'gestion of Inspector, Sergeant, Constable, and deposition Clerk, the Colonel was obliged to call order, and that none were to open their mouths, on the penalty that might ensue; then throwing him self back into his well stuffed arm cheir, he blandly exclaimed, " really Mr. Ciozier, this is very amazing, come this way sir, this way, Mir. Crozier, come this way. sir." At last Mr. C. man'tged to comprehend the point described, and advanced towards it in a manner apparently as satisfactory to himself as to the Colonel. A suhior stated as his reason for desertion, the I other day, thlat his 'Skipper' had called him ' a soldier, an old woman, and a hay-maker.' The science of humps and ttmps, commonly called Humbug or Phrenology, would be much ben rfited, hi i professor of that science was appointed to the Police Office to examine and report upon the various Crania that are daily brought under the re. view of their worships. And not only to advance science, but also to improve the morals of the party examnlued, a brace of iustmsuiients-might le invented, one.to press out every developed organ of a bad tend ency, while on the other hand, an engine no the pneumatic principle might be wolked, to bring for ward-hose organs, or lumps which wise acres so much prize. We really think society in' general would be benefited by stch an arrangement. HENRY SMITu, with a cast of countenance'pecu. liarly queer, and that appeared to astonish the Bench ' above a bit,' by the twinges which convulsed and jerked the muscles that crossed the index to his mind ; a sugee bag with ap pertures for knowledge box was clapped over all. The c urge, like the man, was queer, rather. The constable, after a prelitml nary ahem I which he appeared to think lie had given forth with proper emphalias for the occasion, ut which only met in retun, u an Indignant frown from the Bench, deposed, that about the hour of three in the morning, heat ing the sound of many voices on the market what f, lie proceeded to the spot, and found Henry, with half a dozen more lad.i of the sausne kidney, seated ounsome sawn timber and enjoying ttemselves with a villainous compound of rum and water, and Inhaling Virginia's most favoured production. Henri-Don't you he after being Hallegorical. Bench-bilence I let hini proceed. Constable-So I goes up to 'em, when this ere chap gets on his pins, and says lie,' there's ould Ire land-here's may animosity be washed away by the soap-suds of oblIvion." (Rather queer your vorship sees-as the Banker said when lie looked at the forged chef ue. Bench-What have you to say ? Henry-(Pointing to the constable,) I dosn't vant to see that ere cove agin-as she school boy says to the ghost. LBench-Perhaps so; but yon must pay5 shillings. Henry-Never-I'm a Briton-no right-Magna Charta-Bil of Rights--;you know fio rest. Bench-Take him to slte stocks fot' a couple of hours. A TEST oF DRUNKNINEsw.-On Monday a liale damsel named Elizabeth Wright, was charged with being drunk. This she denied, and it became neces sary to call a witness to substantiate the facts. O('Rotirke-She was very drunk Indeed. CLoo nel-How do you know that'dhe iras drunk ?I O'R rke-Because 1 saw the isthm coming out of her mnouth. . Colonel--(Drawing out his note book and me mroig it, as the venerated Mr. Pickwick would have d*ne had he been present,) that's a new idea. How many glasses would it take to get up the steam? O'Rourke-That must depend upon its being either high or low pressure. Colonel-Well, low pressure ? O'fourke-Why half a pint, or half a pint and a nobbler would about do the blsiness. Colonel--The high pressure ? O'Raurke-AI1 your worship, she's a riglar high pressure article,'twoubl take atleast three half pints to do her busihess properly. Colonel-Then you are sure she was drunk ? O'Rourke-No doubt, and so high was the pres sure, that the steam was escaping through the safety valve. This description from Sergeant O'Rotsrke appeared quite satisfattory to the Bench, whom we thought we could detect sketching a model of the engine; and she was sent to the stocks for three hours. 