The Ceremonies to be observed at the Royal Coronation of Her Most Sacred Majesty Queen Victoria, in the Abbey Church of Westminster, on Thursday, June 28, 1838. The Peers and Peeresses, in their robes of estate, and others, summoned by her Majesty's command to witness the ceremony of the coronation, will be conducted to the places assigned to them in Westminster Abbey previous to the arrival of her Majesty ; the Lords Spiritual on the north side of the area or sacrarium ; the Lords Temporal in the south transept ; and the Peeresses in the north transept. The Great Officers of State, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, the Noblemen appointed to carry the Regalia, all in their robes of estate, and the Bishops who are to support her Majesty, as well as those who are to carry the Bible, the Chalice, and the Patina, will assemble in the Jerusalem Chamber, adjoining the Deanery, before 10 o'clock ; where the Regalia, Having been pre- viously laid on the table, will be delivered by the Lord Chamberlain of the Household to the Lord High Constable, and by him to Lord William d'Eresby, as Lord Great Chamberlain, and by his Lordship to the Noblemen by whom the same are to be borne, in the following order, viz. :- REGALIA. 1\. St. Edward's Staff, to the Duke of Roxburgh. 2\. The Spurs, to Lord Byron, Deputy to the Baroness Grey de Ruthyn. 3\. The Sceptre with the Cross, to the Duke of Cleveland. 4\. The pointed Sword of Temporal Justice, or Third Sword, to the Marquis of Westminster. 5\. The pointed Sword of Spiritual Justice, or Second Sword, to the Duke of Sutherland. 6\. Curtana, or Sword of Mercy, to the Duke of Devonshire. 7\. The Sword of State, to Viscount Melbourne. 8\. The sceptre with the Dove, to the Duke of Richmond. 9\. The Orb, to the Duke of Somerset. 10\. St. Edward's Crown, to the Duke of Hamil- ton, as Lord High Steward. 11 The Patina, to the Bishop of Bangor. 12\. The Chalice, to the Bishop of Lincoln. 13\. The Bible, to the Bishop of Winchester. The Dean and Prebendaries of Westminster will be in the nave, in readiness to join the pro- ceedings next before the Officers of her Majesty's Household. Her Majesty, and the Princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal, attended by the Officers of the Household of her Majesty, will proceed in state from Buckingham Palace precisely at 10 o'clock, and arrive at the Abbey at 11 o'clock. On arrival at the west entrance of the Abbey, her Majesty will be received by the Great Officers of State, the Noblemen bearing the Regalia, and the Bishops carrying the patina, the chalice, and the Bible, when her Majesty will repair to her Robing Chamber, constructed on the right of the platform without the entrance. The Ladies of her Majesty's Household, and the Officers of the Royal Household, and of the re- spective households of the Princes and Princesses, to whom duties are not assigned in the solemnity, will immediately pass to the places prepared for them respectively. Her Majesty, having been robed, will then ad- vance up the nave into the choir ; the choristers in the orchestra singing the anthem, " I was glad when they said unto me, we will go into the House of the Lord,' &c.; The Proceeding from the West Door of the Abbey into the Choir. The Prebendaries and Dean of Westminster Officers of Arms Controller of her Majesty's Household ; Trea- surer of her Majesty's Household (attended by two gentlemen), bearing the crimson bag with the medals Her Majesty's Vice Chamberlain, acting for the Lord Chamberlain of her Majesty's Household, attended by an Officer of the Jewel Office, bearing on a cushion the ruby ring and the sword for the offering; the Lord Steward of her Majesty's Household, his coronet carried by a page. The Lord Privy Seal, his coronet carried by a page ; the Lord President of the Council, his coro- net carried by a page. The Lord Chancellor of Ireland, attended by his purse bearer, his coronet carried by a page. The Lord Archbishop of Armagh, in his rechet, with his cap in his hand. The Lord Archbishop of York, in his rochet, with his cap in his hand. The Lord High Chancellor, attended by his purse bearer, his coronet carried by a page. The Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, in his rochet, with his cap in his hand, attended by two gentlemen. Princesses of the Blood Royal. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, in a robe of estate of purple velvet, and wearing a circlet of gold on her head, her train borne by Lady Caroline Campbell, assisted by a gentleman of her household, the coronet of her Royal High- ness borne by Viscount Villiers. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, in a robe of estate of purple velvet, and wearing a circlet of gold on her head ; her train borne by Lady Flora Hastings, assisted by a gentleman of her household, the coronet of her Royal Highness borne by Viscount Morpeth. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, in a robe of estate of purple velvet, and wearing a circlet of gold on her head, her train borne by Lady Caroline Legge, assisted by a gentleman of her household, the coronet of her Royal Highness borne by Viscount Emlyn. The Regalia. St. Edward's staff, borne by the Duke of Rox- burgh, his coronet carried by a page; the golden spurs, borne by Lord Byron, his coronet carried by a page; the sceptre with the cross, borne by the Duke of Cleveland, his coronet carried by a page; the third sword, borne by the Marquis of Westminster, his coronet carried by a page; cur- tana, borne by the Duke of Devonshire, his coronet carried by a page; the second sword, borne by the Duke of Sutherland, his coronet carried by a page. Black Rod ; Deputy Garter. The Lord Willoughby d'Eresby, as Lord Great Chamberlain of England, his coronet borne by a page. Princes of the Royal Blood. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, in his robes of estate, carrying his baton a Field Marshal, his coronet borne by the Marquis of Granby, his train borne by Major-General Sir William Gomm. His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, in his robes of estate, his coronet carried by Viscount Anson, his train borne by the Hon. Edward Gore. The High Constable of Ireland, Duke of Lein- ster; his coronet borne by a page. The Earl Marshal of England, the Duke of Norfolk, with his staff; attended by two pages. The sword of State, borne by Viscount Melbourne ; his coronet carried by a page. The High Constable of Scot- land, Earl of Errol ; 'his coronet borne by a page. The Lord High Constable of England, Duke of Wellington, with his staff and baton, as Field Marshal ; attended by two pages. The sceptre with the dove, borne by the Duke of Richmond ; his coronet carried by a page. St. Edward's Crown, borne by the Lord High Stew- ard, Duke of Hamilton; attended by two pages The orb, borne by the Duke of Somerset ; his co- ronet carried by a page. The Patina, borne by the Bishop of Bangor, The Bible, borne by the Bishop of Winchester. The Chalice, borne by the Bishop of Lincoln. The QUEEN, in her Royal Robe of Crimson Velvet, furred with Ermine, and bordered with Gold Luce, wearing the collars of Her Orders, on Her head a Circlet of Gold ; at ended on the right by the Bishop of Bath and Wells, and ten Gentle- man at Arms, with their Standard Bearer ; on the left by the Bishop of Durham, and ten Gentlemen at Arms, with their Lieutenant. Her Majesty's Train borne by Lady Adelaide Paget Lady Frances Elizabeth Cowper, Lady Anne Wentworth Fitz- william, Lady Mary Augusta Fredrica Grimston, Lady Caroline Amelia Gordon Lennox, Lady Mary Alethea Beatrix Talbot, Lady Catherine Lucy Wilhelmina Stanhope, Lady Louisa Harriet Jen- kinson ; assisted by the Lord Chamberlain of the Household (his coronet borne by a page), followed by the Groom of the Robes, the Duchess of Suther land, Mistress of the Robes ; Marchioness of Lansdowne, First Lady of the Bedchamber. Ladies of the Bedchamber, viz-Countess of Charlemont, Lady Lyttleton, Lady Portman, Mar- chioness of Tavistock, Countess of Mulgrave, Lady Barham. Maids of Honour, viz.-Hon. Margaret Dillon, Hon Miss Cavendish, Hon. Miss Lister, Hon. Miss Spring Rice, Hon. Harriet Pitt, Hon. Caro- line Cocks, Hon. Matilda Paget, Hon. Miss Murray. Women of the Bedchamber, viz.-Lady Harriet Clive, Lady Theresa Digby, Hon. Mrs. Brand, Lady Caroline Barrington, Lady Charlotte Copley, Viscountess Forbes, Hon. Mrs. Campbell. The Gold Stick of the Life Guards in waiting; his coronet borne by a page. The Master of the Horse; his coronet borne by a page. The Captain General of the Royal Archer Guard of Scotland ; his coronet borne by a page. The Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard ; his coronet borne by a page. The Captain of the Band of Gentlemen at Arms ; his coronet borne by a page. Keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse. Ensign of the Yeoman of the Guard. Lieutenant of the Yeomen of the Guard. Exons of the Yeomen of the Guard. Clerk of the Check to the Yeomen of the Guard. Exons of the Yeomen of the Guard. Twenty Yeomen of the Guard. The Prebendaries entering the choir, ascend the theatre, and pass over it to their station on the south side of the Altar, beyond the Queen's chair. The Lord Steward of the Household will pass to his seat, as a Peer ; and the Vice-Chamberlain, Treasurer, and Controller of her Majesty's House- hold, will pass to their seats. The Lord Archbishops of York and Armagh, and the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, will pass to their seats. The Dean of Westminster, the Great Officers of State-viz , the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Lord Great Chumberlain, the Lord High Constable, the Earl Marshal, with the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, will ascend the theatre, and stand near the great south-east pillar thereof. The Princesses and the attendants of their Royal Highnesses will be conducted by the Officers of Arms to the Royal box. The Princes of the Blood Royal will be con- ducted to their seats as Peers by the Officers of Arms; and the noblemen who carried the coronets, and the Trainbearers of their Royal Highnesses, will go to the places provided for them. The High Constables of Scotland and Ireland will be conducted to their places, as Peers. The Pages will, upon ascending the theatre, de-- liver the coronets and staves which they had car- ried to the respective noblemen, and go to the seats provided for them, where they will remain until after the return of the procession, which they will not join, but go to the Jerusalem Chamber. The Gentlemen-at-Arms, who will guard her Majesty, will remain at the foot of the steps as- cending to the theatre, and are hereby especially ordered not to advance any further: the Officers of the Yeomen of the Guard and the Exons will stand within and near to the choir-door : and the Yeomen of the Guard will stand in the nave on the outside of the entrance to the choir. The Queen, ascending the theatre, will pass, on the south side of her throne, to her chair of state, on the south east side of the theatre, being the recognition chair, and, after her private devotion (kneeling on her faldstool), will take her seat, the Bishops, her supporters, standing on each side ; the noblemen bearing the four swords on her Majesty's right hand, the sword of state being nearest to the Royal person ; the Lord Great Chamberlain and the Lord High Constable on her left; the other Great Officers of State, the noble- men bearing the Regalia, the Dean of Westminster, Deputy Garter, and Black Rod, standing near the Queen's chair; the Bishops bearing the Bible, the chalice, and the patina, will stand near the pulpit, and the trainbearers, the Lord Chamberlain of the Household, and the Groom of the Robes, behind her Majesty. The Mistress of the Robes, the Ladies of the Bedchamber, the Maids of Honour, and the-Women of the Bedchamber, will pass to the seats provided for them. The Master of the Horse, the Gold Stick, the Captain-General of the Archer Guard of Scotland, the Captain of the Band of Gentlemen-at-Arms, and the Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard, will pass to their seats as Peers ; and the Keeper of her Majesty's Privy Purse to a seat provided for him. The Recognition. Upon the conclusion of the anthem, the Arch- bishop of Canterbury will advance from his station at the south-east pillar, and, together with the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Lord High Constable, and the Earl Marshal, preceded by Deputy Garter, will move to the east side of the theatre, where the Archbishop will make, the re- cognition thus-" Sirs, I here present unto you Queen Victoria, the undoubted Queen of this realm; wherefore, all you who have come this day to do your homage, are you willing to do the same? and repeat the same at the south, west, and north sides of the theatre ; during which time her Ma- jesty will he standing up by her chair, and turn towards the people on the side at which the re- cognition is made; the people replying to each demand with loud and repeated acclamations of "God save Queen Victoria ;" and, at the last recognition, the trumpets will sound and the drums beat. The bearers of the regalia during the recog- nition remain standing about her Majesty. Her Majesty will then resume her seat ; and the Bible, the chalice, and the patina, will be carried to and placed upon the altar by the Bishops who had borne them, who will then retire to their seats. The Great Officers will resume their station near her Majesty. The Officers of the Wardrobe will then spread a rich cloth of Gold, and lay a cushion on the same, for her Majesty to kneel on, at the steps of the altar. The Archbishop of Canterbury will then pro- ceed to the altar put on his cope, and stand on the north side. The Bishops who are to read the Litany will also vest themselves in their copes. The First Offering. The Queen, attended by the two Bishops her supporters, and the Dean of Westminster, the Great Officers, and the Noblemen bearing the re- galia and the four swords going before Her Majesty, will pass pass to the altar. Her Majesty, kneeling upon the cushion, will make her first offering of a pall, or altar-cloth of gold, which will be delivered by an Officer of the Wardrobe to the Lord Cham- berlain, by his Lordship to tbe Lord Great Cham- berlain, and by him to the Queen, who will deliver it to the Arohbishop of Canterbury, by whom it will be placed on the altar. The Treasurer of the Household will then deliver an ingot of gold, of one pound weight, to the Lord Great Chamberlain, who having presented the same to the Queen, her Majesty will deliver it to the Archbishop, to be by him put into the oblation-basin. Her Majesty continuing to kneel, the prayer " O God, who dwelleth in the high and holy place," &c.;, will be said by the Archbishop. At the con- clusion of the prayer, Her Majesty will rise and and go, attended as before, to the Chair of State, on the south side of the area. The regalia, except the swords, will then be delivered, by the several noblemen who bore the same, to the Archbishop, and by his Grace to the Dean of Westminister, to be laid on the altar; the Great Officers of State (with the exception of the Lord Great Chamberlain,) and the noblemen who had borne the regalia deposited on the altar, going to the respective places appointed for them; the Bishop of Durham standing on the right hand of her Majesty, with the noblemen carrying the swords on his right hand ; the Bishop of Bath and Wells on her Majesty's left hand, and near him the Lord Great Chamberlain. The noblemen bearing the swords (except the sword of State) will continue to stand on the south side of the area until the enthronization. The Litany will then be read by the Bishops of Worcester and St. David's, kneeling at a fa'dstool above the steps of the theatre, in the centre of the east-side thereof, the choir reading the responses. At the conclusion of the Litany, the Bishops will resume their seats on the bench along the north side of the area. The Communion Service. previously to which the choir will sing the Sanctus —" Holy ! Holy ! Holy ! Lord God of Hosts !" The Archbishop will then begin the service, the Bishop of Rochester reading the epistle, and the Bishop of Carlisle the gospel. The service being concluded the Bishops will return to their seats. The Sermon, will then be preached by the Bishop of London; During the sermon, her Majesty will continue to sit in her chair on the south side of the area, op- posite the pulpit, supported on her right hand by the Bishop of Durham, and beyond him, on the same side, will stand the noblemen carrying the swords ; on her left the Bishop of Bath and Wells, and and near him the Lord Great Chamberlain. The Archbishop of Canterbury will take his seat in a purple velvet chair, on the north side of the area, Deputy Garter standing near him, the Dean of Westminster standing on the south side of the area, east of the Queen's chair, and near the altar. The Oath. The sermon being concluded (and her Majesty having, on Monday, the 20th day of November, 1837, in the presence of the two houses of Parlia- ment, made and signed the declaration), the Arch- bishop of Canterbury, advancing towards the Queen and standing before her, will minister the questions prescribed by the service ; which having been answered by her Majesty, she will raise from her chair, and attended by her supporters and the Lord Great Chamberlain, the sword of state alone being borne before Her Majesty, will go to the altar, where, kneeling upon the cushion placed on the steps, and laying her right hand on the holy Gospels, tendered to her Majesty by the Arch- bishop, will take the coronation oath, kiss the book, and to a transcript of the oath set her Royal sign- manual, the Lord Chamberlain of the Household holding a silver standish for that purpose, delivered to him by an officer of the Jewel- office. The Queen then returning to her chair, where her Majesty had sat during the sermon, on the south side of the area, the following hymn will be sung by the choir, the Archbishop reading the first line, " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," &c.; The Annointing. Upon the conclusion of the hymn, the Arch- bishop will read the prayer preparatory to the an- nointing, " O Lord, Holy Father, who by annoint- ing with oil, didst of old make and consecrate kings, priests, and prophets," &c.; At the conclu- sion of this prayer, the choir will sing the anthem, " Zadok the priest and Nathan the Prophet," &c.; At the commencement of the anthem the Queen will rise from her chair, go before the altar, and, attended by her supporters and the Lord Great Chamberlain, the sword of state being borne be- fore her, will be disrobed of her crimson robe by the Mistress of the Robes, assisted by the Lord Great Chamberlain, which will be immediately car- ried into St. Edward's Chapel by the Groom of the Robes. The Queen will then proceed to sit down in St. Edward's chair, covered with cloth of gold, and with a faldstool before it, placed in front of the altar, when her Majesty will be annointed ; four Knights of the Garter - viz., the Duke of Rutland, the Marquis of Anglesey, the Marquis of Exeter, and the Duke of Buccleugh (sum- moned by Deputy Garter,) holding over the Queen's head a rich pall or cloth of gold, delivered to them by the Lord Chamberlain who will receive the same from an officer of the wardrobe ; and the anthem being concluded, the Dean of Westminster will take from the altar the ampulla containing the consecrated oil, and pouring some into the annoint- ing spoon, the Archbishop will annoint her Ma- jesty on the head and hands, in the form of a cross, pronouncing the words, " Be thou annointed," &c.; The Spurs. After this, the Dean will take the spurs from the altar, and deliver them to the Lord Great Cham- berlain, who, kneeling down, will present them to her Majesty, who will return them, to be laid upon the altar. The Sword. The Viscount Melbourne, carrying the sword of state, will now deliver it to the Lord Chamberlain, and, in lieu thereof, receive from him another sword in a scabbard of purple velvet (presented to him by an officer of the Jewel- office, who will take charge of the sword of state), which his Lord- ship will deliver to the Archbishop, who will lay it on the altar, and say the prayer, " Hear our prayers, O Lord, we beseech thee, and so direct and support thy servant, Queen Victoria," &c.; The Archbishop will then take the sword from off the altar, and, assisted by the Archbishops of York and Armagh, with the Bishops of London, Winchester, and other Bishops, will deliver the sword into the Queen's right hand, saying, " Re- ceive this kingly sword," &c.; Offering of the Sword. The Queen, rising up, will go to the altar, where her Majesty will offer the sword in the scabbard (delivering it to the Archbishop, who will place it on the altar), and then return to and sit down in St. Edward's chair: the sword will then be re- deemed for 100s. by Viscount Melbourne, who will receive it from the Dean, and carry it during the remainder of the solemnity, having first drawn it out of the scabbard, and delivered the latter to an officer of the Wardrobe. The Archbishop and Bishops, who had assisted during the offering, will return to their places. The investing with the Mantle. The Queen then standing, her Majesty will be invested by the Dean with the imperial mantle, or Dalmatic robe of cloth of gold, delivered to him by the officer of the Wardrobe, the Lord Great Chamberlain fastening the clasps. The Orb. The Queen then sitting down, the Archbishop having received the orb from the Dean, will deliver it into the Queen's right hand, saying "Receive this imperial robe and orb," &c.; Her Majesty then will return the orb to the Dean, who will lay it on the altar. The Ring. The Lord Chamberlain of her Majesty's house- hold then, receiving from the officer of the Jewel- office the ruby ring, will deliver the same to the Archbishop, who will put it on the fourth finger of the Queen's right hand, saying " Receive this ring," &c.; The Sceptres. The Dean will then bring from the altar, the sceptre with the cross and the sceptre with the dove, and deliver them to the Archbishop. In the mean time the Duke of Norfolk, as Lord of the Manor of Worksop, will leave his seat, and, approaching tbe Queen, will, kneeling, present to her Majesty a glove, for her right hand, embroi- dered with the arms of Howard, which Her Majesty will put on. The Archbishop will then deliver the sceptre with the cross into her Majesty a right hand, saying " Receive the royal sceptre," &c.; ; and then the sceptre with the dove into her left hand, .saying " Receive the rod of equity," &c; ; and the Lord of the Manor of Worksop will support her Majesty's right arm, and hold the sceptre as occa- sion may require. The Crowning. The Archbishop standing before the altar, and having St. Edward's crown before him, will take the same into his hands, and consecrate, and bless it with the prayer, "O God who crownest thy faithful servants with mercy," &c.; Then the Archbishop will come from the altar, assisted by the Archbishops of York and Armagh, with the Bishops of London, Winchester, and other Bishops, the Dean of Westminster carrying the crown ; and the Archbishop will take and place it on her Majesty's head ; when the people with loud and repeated shouts, will cry "God Save The Queen :" and immediately the peers and peeresses present will put on their coronets ; the bishops their caps ; and the kings of arms, their crowns ; the trumpets sounding, the drums beating, and the Tower and Park guns firing by signal. The acclamation ceasing, the Archbishop will pronounce the exhortation : " Be strong and of a good courage," &c.; The choir will then sing the following anthem-" The Queen shall rejoice," &c.; The Holy Bible. The Dean then taking the Holy Bible from the altar, will deliver it to the Archbishop, who, attended and assisted by the same Archbishops and Bishops as before, will present it to the Queen saying " Our Gracious Queen," &c.; The Queen will then return the Bible to the Archbishop, who will give it to the Dean, to be by him replaced on the altar, the Archbishops and Bishops returning to their seats. The Benediction and Te Deum. The Archbishop then pronouncing the benedic- tion, the Bishops and the Peers will follow every part of the benediction with a loud Amen. The Archbishop then turning to the people, will say, "And the same Lord God Almighty grant," &c.; The Te Deum will be sung by the choir, at the commencement of which the Queen will remove to the Recognition Chair, on which her Majesty first sat, on the south-east side of the throne, the two Bishops her supporters, the great officers of state, the noblemen carrying the swords, and the noblemen who had borne the regalia, coming from their respective places and attending Her Majesty. The Enthronization. Te Deum being ended, the Queen will then ascend the theatre, and be lifted into her throne by the Archbishops, Bishops, and Peers around her Majesty; and, being so enthroned all the great officers of state, the noblemen bearing the swords, and the noblemen who had borne the other regalia, will stand around about the steps of the throne : when the Archbishop, standing before the Queen, will pronounce the exhortation, " Stand firm and hold fast," &c.; The Homage. The exhortation being ended, her Majesty will deliver the sceptre with the cross to the Lord of the Manor of Worksop, to hold the same on her right hand, and the sceptre with the dove to the Duke of Richmond, to hold the same on her left hand, during the homage. The Archbishop will then kneel before the Queen, and, for himself and the other Lords Spiritual, will pronounce the words of homage, they kneeling around him, and saying after him. The Archbishop will then kiss her Majesty's hand, and the rest of the Lords Spiritual will do the same and retire. Then the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge, as- cending the steps of the throne, and taking off their coronets, will kneel before the Queen ; and, the Duke of Sussex will pronounce the words of homage, the senior of each degree pronouncing the words homage, and the rest of the same degree saying after him, and each Peer of the same de- gree, successively, touching Her Majesty's Crown, and kissing her Majesty's hand, and then retiring. The Peers bearing the swords, will when going to perform their homage, deliver them to nobleman near them to hold during that ceremony. At the conclusion of the homage, the Queen will receive the two sceptres from the Dukes of Norfolk and Richmond. During the performance of the homage, the choir will sing the anthem, " This is the day which the Lord hath made," &c;, and The Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household will throw about the medals of the Coronation. THE HOLY SACRAMENT. After the anthem, the Bishops of Carlisle and Rochester, who had read the Epistle and Gospel, will receive from the alter, by the hands of the Archbishop, the patina and the chalice, which they will carry into St. Edward's Chapel, and bring from thence the bread upon the patina, and the wine in the chalice. Her Majesty will then deliver the sceptres to the Dukes of Norfolk and Rich- mond, and descend from her throne, attended by her supporters, and assisted by the Lord Great Chamberlain, the sword of state being borne before her, and go to the altar, and take off her crown, will deliver it to the Lord Great Chamberlain to hold, and then kneel down. Then the Bishops will deliver the patina and chalice into the Queen's hands, and her Majesty will deliver them to the Archbishop, who, having said the prayer, " Bless O Lord, &c.;, will reverently place the same upon the altar, covering them with a fair linen cloth. The Queen, still kneeling, will make her Second Offering. (a purse of gold), which the Treasurer of the Household delivers to the Lord Great Chamberlain, and he to her Majesty, from whom the Archbishop will receive it. The Archbishop will then say the prayer, "O God, who dwellest," &c.; Her Ma- jesty will then go to her chair on the south side of the area and kneel at her faldstool. When the Archbishop and the Dean, with the Bishops assistants - namely, the preacher, and those who had read the litany, and the epistle and gospel, have communicated, her Majesty will approach the altar and receive the sacrament, the Archbishop administering the bread, and the Dean of West- minster the cup. The Queen will then receive the Crown from the Lord Great Chamberlain; and put it on, and repair to her throne, receiving again the sceptre with the cross in her right hand and the sceptre with the dove in her left, being there supported and attended as during the enthronization. The Archbishop will then proceed with the com- munion service, at the end of which the choir will sing the anthem " Hallelujah ! for the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth !" &c; , and the same being concluded, the Archbishop will read the final prayers and pronounce the blessing. The service being concluded, her Majesty, at- tended by the two Bishops her supporters, the great officers of state, the noblemen bearing the four swords before her, and the noblemen who had car- ried the regalia then lying upon the altar, will descend into the area and pass through the door on the south side into St Edward's Chapel ; the noble- men who had carried the regalia receiving them from the Dean of Westminster as they pass by into the chapel, the organ and other instruments all the while playing. Her Majesty being in the chapel, and standing before the altar, will deliver the sceptre with the dove, which her Majesty had borne in her left hand, to the Archbishop, who will lay it upon the altar there. Her Majesty will then be disrobed of royal im- perial mantle or robe of state, and arrayed in her royal robe of purple velvet by the Lord Great Chamberlain. The Archbishop will then place the orb in her Majesty's left hand. The noblemen who had carried the golden spurs and St Edwards's staff will deliver the same to the Dean, to be by him deposited on the altar of the chapel. Whilst her Majesty is in St. Edward's Chapel, the officers of arms will arrange the procession for the return, so that all may be ready to move at the moment when the Queen leaves the chapel. Her Majesty will then proceed out of the chair, and to the west door of the Abbey; the Queen wearing her Crown, and bearing in her right hand the sceptre with the cross and in her left the orb; their Royal Highnesses the Princes and Princesses wearing their coronets. The four swords will be borne before the Queen, in the same order as before. The Dean and Prebendaries andi the Bishop who had carried the bible the chalice, and the patina will remain in the choir. The noblemen who had severally carried the crown, the orb, the sceptre with the dove, the spurs and St. Edward's staff will walk in the same places as before ; those who have staves and batons carrying the same, all peers wearing their coronets, and the Archbishops and Bishops supporting her Majesty, wearing their caps, and the Kings of Arms their crowns. The swords and the regalia will be received near the west door, by the officers of the Jewel-office appointed for that purpose. Her Majesty, and the princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal, will return to the Royal Palace with the same state as in their proceeding to the Abbey. NORFOLK, Earl Marshal. Earl Marshal's Orders. All persons having tickets of admission to the choir of Westminster Abby, not being Peers, are to appear in the full court dress, uniform, or regi- mentals, usually worn at her Majesty's Drawing rooms. The Knights of the respective Orders are wear their collars. The ladies who have Peers' tickets for admission into Westminster Abbey on the day of the corona- tion will appear in Court dresses without feathers, appels, or trains, the gentlemen in uniform or full dress. No person present at the solemnity of the coro- nation to appear in mourning. No person will be permitted to pass into West- minster Abbey on the day of the coronation, except on production of a ticket issued by me; or to wait in the procession, unless his name or office be men- tioned in the ceremonial. The Gentlemen at Arms who will guard her Ma- jesty are to remain at the foot of the steps ascending to the theatre, and are specially ordered not to ad- vance any further. The officers of the Yeomen of the Guard and the Exons are to stand within and near to the choir door, and the Yeomen of the Guard in the nave on the outside of the entrance to the choir. The instructions framed by her Majesty's Secre- tary of State for securing the commodious access and return of carriages to and from the Abbey must to prevent confusion, be followed in every particular. NORFOLK, Earl Marshal. 