SAviNsG' BaN's.-The deposits in these excellent institutions la-t year, according to official returns,.amounted to £20.500, 000, being an increa'e of £900 000 over the deposits of'lt36 -C:lronicle, April 3. STATE' oF TRADE.-At Preston the amount of business transacted in manufactured goods has fallen short of what h',d been an ticipaned from the extensive inquiries pre viously making ; and prices for the lighter and finer fabrics were barely sumpported, but in those of the stouter and coarser descrip. tions there was a slight decline. This con. tinued depression ntay be partially attri buted to the change in the cotton market, which has become languid, and attended with a little relaxation in prices; and this buhs 'produced a still more serioni- effect uplan the sale of yarn, which is extremely difficult, exceprting at very depreciated lirices. --Morning Chronicle, 3d April. 'TRADE DIRFCT '3Tw.r~t N N?wCASTLE AND FNntAh -A vessel of between 300 and 400 tons is now loading in the river T?yne, to take a cargo to Calcutta, and bring direct" to'this plare a ca|go in return of eastern produce.- The raie of the ship is the Ida, Captain John Currie. She carries out a reneral cargo, chiefly of articles which are mlanufactured here, on more advantageous terms than in any other part of the king dom, such -as bottles, cop;peras, &. &e; , and she is to bring hack sugar, 1h:des, lin seed., sal!pe're, and such other goods as will be certain to .command a ready market. 'T'his is an epoch in the history of the conm 'merce of Newcastle': tlii will he the first cargo ever brought from India to this port. \--T7ne Mercury, 61h April. Another experrnient 'n the manner of lighting the Ilouse of Commons was tried la-t evening. The four chandeliers on ei hetr side of the house were raised to a level with the railing ...of the members' anllery, wl.ilst bet ieei the chandeliers over the straners' and reportere'galleries, along the centre. of the. house, seven additional chandeliers were plrced ; two of these con tuiined in a single row 32 candles each, two others had 12 each, and the remainining three only R candles each. Thus making an addition of 112 candles. '1he row of nine centre channdeliers was raised above the side lights at one period of the eveninar, and lowered below. at another period. - As far as quintity of light was concerned the experinmert was decidedly successful, hut the glare was extremely great, and in the reporters' nallery so?irtai?at annoying ; and tlhe appearance of the house, instead of being improved, wasrendrendered very similar to a hooth at'a fair. Sir F. 'l1rench was exceedingly active superintending the ar raitigencenta, which we fear were not such as to fulfil the expect:ations which had been entertained.-Chiron cle, April 3. NArTIONALr Gar.l.RaYy. - Te National Gallery was opened to the public yester day, nod we rejoice in the opportunity thus nffcirded of improving and gratifying the ta?t, of the community at large; "L he pic tures have been judiciously and carefully cleaned, without being at all injured, andi the frames regilt, so that they have an un usually splendid nit'pearanee. aidedi by the ,fine lights in which most of the nobler pro ductions of art are seen. lhe. priacipal additions to the ga'lery are by Sir Joshua Reynolds and Sir'lThomnas Lawrence ; hut there are pi, faures also by W\atte.u. An gelica, Kauffinan, and West. We could have e-xeuted the last, because the gallery intl already enough of hisj prot'urtitns. without meaning to disparaiue th. nm un necessarily, for the extent of wall that can he allotted to any one modern n.na"er. We Itust that too munny pictures, poitied in this country within the last fifty years, will not bet rowde'd into the gallery to the ext lu sion of grea'er and older works. It mnay be mentioned th.at among the more one:ent specirrens of painting we have none of the German school ; but we are aware of tithe value andrarity of Van Eyck's and Albert Durer's, to say nothing of inferior nmaste-s. W'e hope that this deficiency may be here after supplied -Morn. Chron., 10th April. SCULTrvATIOn or CABnnaCe BY SLItps. Slip off the sprout from the cabbage stalks, let themt lie a few hours to stop the bleedinr, then plant them. After ceting the etbbages, the sparouts again affoird a supply of slips for plants, and thus a regu lar snuccession of cabbages, is secured thrqughout the whole year, preserving the quality of the parent stock unchanged, and doing away. with the necessity of raising plants frest seed.- Gardener'u Maguzine. SPRINO-uIxELuD JACK.- At the Mary lebone Police office yesterday, Jas. Painter, a youth about eighteen years of age, and fotinan.in the service of Mrs. Clhaer, of Kilburn,.was charged before Mr. Rtwlin son and J.ord -Monitford" with having for some inie past kept the fair inhabitants of the: above ii lage ina cnsi~derable alart by sa!lyiug otbtupon thiem dutring the evining'sa: perawhulhiticias dlfsguied as a ghost. Mrs. Ann Ansick, a respectable wiairried lady living at Kdilurn, stated that. about eight b'elook on Saturdaty e~bnirig igshe was walk. ?lg along Waterloo place, contigu,,us to Mrs. Chater's residence, aeeompanied by a female friendl, when suddenly 'she hound herself seized by a ghastly figure, hiabited in a white sheet andt wearing a hidteous muiak, from which depended a long 1ierd. Thb figure, on cluhapinr her, exclaimed, " Who thle devil tare you !" and her friend hnvilig''e'ognisaed t?me vice of the ghost, reuplied, very promptly,. ' \Ve'll let you know who we nae, aindi that we tire not to be frightened by )ou." Tl'he ghost then beat a retreat, tolltwed by complainant and her frrind,andseeing it vanish uveia wall surround;hng Mrs. Chatter's prentises, they were pr, tty well convinced .that the de fendant. wts tlie ghost, Miss Charlotte iattersi)ne, the oomlpaniin of the com plainnnt, corrbt,rated her statement. TI'he defendabtdenied the offence. • Mr Rtawiin son (to tie detfendant) n ' Pretty behaviour, truly. 'Jhis is a very naggravted assnult. if fellows like iou think they can frighten reiectable fema'nes with i!mpunity, they will be convinced of their mistake, hy finding themielves. within the walle of Newgate. Yottre finedl four ptunds, and' it is to be hoped you will learn butter for the tinimeto come "'-'rhe money wa pRaid and the defendant liberated. - Mo mng CLhro?u'le, 4th Adpul, 