THE IRISH PEASANTS-HAL- LOWEEN. It was the night of the festival of All Hallows, when every peasant implicitly believes that the fairies and other super- natural beings have double power over the destinies of mortals; I had been out shooting during the day, and was invited by a small farmer, whose cabin was situ- ated near the top of the long mountain at Glen Cullen, to "cum up in the evenin' an' look at the boys an' colleens divartin' themselves ;" and of course accepted of his invitation. The principal room, which usually served as kitchen, was the spot where the fun was held ; and as I entered, a fine handsome-looking youth, with strong athletic limbs, and a good humoured blue-eyed girl were dancing away on the door, which was taken off the hinges, and elevated on four sods of turf, as a place "fur footin' id :" all round the room were seats of various kinds, from the high-backed chair of the grandfather, to the three-legged stool of the youngest son ; and many " a dacint boy" was seated on the bare earth beside the boss occupied by his "own little colleen," rather than by by accepting of a seat be removed to a distance from her, "an' he not knowin' what design the fairies might have on her."—Large jugs of "raal mountain dew," mixed into punch for the ladies, stood smoking on a table at one extremity, and at the other was the peat ure, blazing brightly, as- sisted by an occasional poke of granny's crutch, who quietly sucked her " ould dudeen," and looked on with much good humour at the pranks of the youngsters. Beside her was seated a thin, pale girl, whose black hair was combed completely back, and fastened with a piece of rib- band, and whose brilliant eyes were in- tently watching two nuts that she had placed in the fire, to burn, as she said, " jist for the sake ov thryin' iv her sweet- heart id lave her or not." A fair-haired, healthy-looking youth, who was crouched behind her so that she was unaware of his presence, tried in vain to suppress a laugh, as he saw the motionless eagamess with which she watched their blazing ; and when the stifled " ha, ha, ha," made his presence known, she turned round and laughed too, while a crimson blush, that was doubly vivid from her paleness of feature, mantled o'er her face and neck. When the couple who were dancing on my entrance grew tired, these two took their places, and though I have often seen the jig danced, never did 16ee any thing like their style: ease, and grace, and activity, all were united and combined in their movements, and the shoufs of applause—the "bravo Larry"— succes, Peggy, asthore—it's yerself that can do id," that burst from all those who were standing round, spoke well for the judgment of the lookers-on. By degrees they began to droop, and their place was not taken by another couple when they at length ceased, for the boys then began to help the apples and nuts, with the squares of sweet oaten cake, and the glasses of hot punch, and acheerful, good-humoured contest took place to determine from whom Peggy, the belle of the room, should have the first apple : but it was soon ended-for Larry, the handsome youth with whom she had been dancing, was the successful aspirant, and the sweetness with which she received it, and the good natured smile that sat upon her lips, made her look, as one of those present declared, " as purty, ay an purthier, nor the queen o' beauty." " Shure, then Peggy, avourneen," said the aged host, who was the father to the youth called Larry, and a famous story-teller, " bud id's yerself needn't be ashamed of showin' thim little pins oy your's on any boord in this counthry side, anyhowj an' I think, whin yer one ov us, between yerself an' Larry an' the sis- thers, they'll want a fine lack that 'ill bate us at the dancin'." Peggy blushed at his allusion to her a approaching union with his 'son, and smiled when she felt her hand softly pressed by his as he sat at her side. " She's the purthiest heel an' toe step I ever seen wid any one, barrin' Biddy Daly beyant in the glin," quietly remarked an old man, who was sitting by the fire ; upon which Larry,- fancying this deter riorated from her merit, hastily ex- claimed— " Shure enough, thin, Mistbur Cullen, I'll hack Peggy any day to tire down an' bate out a dozen Biddy Daly's." A smile mantled on. the father's fea- tures at the son's warmth ; and plucking his pipe from his mouth, and depositing it carefully in his waistcoat pocket, he exclaimed— " Why, thin, Larry, agra, bud Iblieve you Iwvc a dhrop ov the ould hot blood in you aflher all. I myself was j ist such another at the time I met with Teeling's ghost below at the river." " Whin was that-tell us about, Sur- do Misthur Mullen," here simultaneously exclaimed all, both boys and girls, and the aged host drew closer to the fire, and every one havinggiven their seat a chuck in, after the fashion of playing the inter- esting game of cutchecutchoo, he laid his brawney hands on his knees, and looking complaeently on his -circle of listeners, commenced. ' ' Yez must know, boys and girls that ould Teeling had possession of this house an' bit o' land afore I cum-to take id, an' it was said that he berred money some- where hereabouts,, but that's. more nor I believe ; fur why if a man die as he did in this very room (many a head here looked suspiciously round, and they c osed in with one accord to a smaller circle) athout lavin' not only as much as id give him a dacint berrin, an all that, bud also what id] get a few pipes an a taste o' whiskey, wid a thriflle of baccy, an' so forth, for his sorrowing neigh- bours.-Well, whin I cum to take the land, be shure I waa tould on all sides that the house wsen't quiet, bud sorra bit of me ever seen a ghost since I cum to the place." " Did you ever see one before in the house, daddy?" interrupted an inquisi- tive scion of the house of Mullen, greatly to his father's annoyance, as he was trying to gloss over that part, as if there was foundation in the report : how- ever this was a poser, so he answered Why no, Tom, a hagur, I can't say exactly that I did, but they spoke ov id anyhow, an' it was generally believed; bud that's naither here nor there as far as is consarnin' the present story. One evenin' about dusk I was lavin' the fair ov Rafarnam, intendin' to walk home quietly through the mountains, whin I met a frind who insisted on my goen in to take a sup wid him afore I'd start. Well, sorraone of my whole breed, seed, or gineration evir had the black drop in thim, in the regard o' the licker, an' so be coose T couldn't refuse, an' I went in, an' we had a naggin--quiet, you young rascal-don't be pullin' your brother's hair ;" this last order was addressed to the same snub nosed urchin who had a moment before been so inquisitive, and who was now indus- triously employed in chucking single hairs out of his brother's head, who lay asleep in his mother's lap. " Well, where was I ?" continued the veracious narrator-" oh, ay, we finished our dhrop, an' parted with a warm shake of the hand ; fur he was a chap*1 I had a regard for ; his sowl's in glory now I hope ; an' off I sets by myself, \wid the moonshinin' brightly on the path, and the stars twinklin' and bnlljant as diamonds. It's no thrifle of a step, as yez all know, from the fair gireen to where you enthir on the path through the valley, near where you go up to Misthur White's, an' besides it's all up hilly bud I was young an' active thin, an' didn't mind it, no more nor iv id had beenionly a couple o' parches. I was whistling cheerily as I wint along beside ov the little throut-strame, an' saw nothin' fur a a man to dread till I cum betune the two great hills where thergoiantb used to be playing quoits long ago, thin it grew mighty dark all ov a suddent, fur a bïg, ugly black cloud slipped across the moon, I an' hid her silver face, an' it waß only be the light of the stars I was guided, an' that was no great shakes ; an' jist as I was steppin' across an ould wall, what t did I see on the other side bud the ghost f of ould Teeling wid a face like milk, an' two blazin' eyes, and a horrid grinnin' mouth—" fe " Mercy on us," shudderingly exclaimed one or two of his auditors, while the others listened without daring to breathe. " He was mounted on his ould black mare, that died long afore him, an' the baste didn't look like the ghost of itself at all at all, fur its skin was smooth, an' it was fatther nor evir. Well, I didn't know what to say or do, fur the tongue o' me stuck to my cheek, and my heart kep' rappin an hammerin away as iv id wanted to brake out, bud at last I plucked up courage, an', sis I,— " Thin you spoke to id, did you ?" in- terrupted his son. " Yis, indeed, Larry a hagur, there was no manner of use in standin' there, glowerin' at him, fur bad cess to the taste of a step he seemed inclined to sir, an' so I made bould, an', sis I, " Misthur Teelin',' sis I, ' iv you'd be plazed to let me pass,' sis I, * I'd feel particularly oblceged to yon,' sis I. " Wid that, Sur, he gives the ould mare a skelp ov his naked fist, an' id rattled like a hape of bones, an' up she jumps, an' stands on the side ov the hill, tin feet above the path. " ' Thank you, Sir,' sis I, well pleased at seein' him so condiscindin', bud won dherin', at the same time, that he didn't spake to me at all, an' thin turnin' round an' takin' off me hat, I made a low bow, an', sis I, " * Good night, Misthur Teelin', an' safe home to you, Sur,' sis I, an' set off as fast as my two good legs could carry an' as the dißbked, dangerous road id suffer. Well all was right till I got within about fifty yards ov roe own door, whin I dunna what prompted me to turn » round, bud, anyhow, I cud so, an' there, close behind me, all the way, though I nevir heerd the fall of lier hoofs. Sorra a use there was in any further parley thin, fur I seen he was'about somethin' that wasn't good ; so .secin' I was so near home, though my heart was all thrimbling like a Jaie in a high wind, I makes a sudden dart off, wishen sweet bad luck to his dirty ould bones, that wouldn't rest quietly fa the grave, but should be coming up agin .to plague and tormint honest people, who did him no harm. At this the baste let a murtheren' big shout or screech out of her, the like of which I never heerd before for curdlin the blood, and though I couldn't hear her runnin' I knew she was af'ther me like the wind. Every step I tuk was twist as long as I could at any other time ; but, howsomdever, just as I got to my own doore, I feels the could hand ofthe ghost grippin me by the neck, and he lifted me up as if I was a child, and flung me down on roy face, and vanished in a flash of lightning, as I thought. Afther this I was so stunned and stupifiedwid fear that I lost all recollection, and when I awoke there was no mare, sign ov one pre- sent, and the sun was shining like goold upon the glin, and me ould dog here lick- ing my face ; but the wonderfullest thing of all was that my ould woman here never heerd the noise, thought I had stopped at the fair all night." When Mullen had concluded his story, he looked complacently round, as much as to say, " had any of yes an adventure to bate out that :" and took the various shrughsof wonder with the air of a man who feels certain that he deserves applause. His pipe was also a second time replen- ished, and he puffed away with much self-satisfaction, amid the wondering and who surrounded him. " Well, Peggy, my darlin," said his son Larry to the pretty girl at his side, " in all your born days did you ever hear tlie aquel ofthat?" " Never, indeed, Lnrry," was the an. swer, " but maybe it's not all thrue." " Not thrue," reiterated his father getting angry at having his veracity for an instant doubted ; " it's as thrue as yer sitting beside each other this blessed! minute ; for didn't I go in the morning to the spot where I first seen them, and climb up the place where the mare jumped whin I civilly asked him to leave the way -and wasn't the grass scorched and withered up, let alone been thrampled ; and cant I show yes a it any time at all, as it never grew green from that day to this, and it's twenty five good years since, and more, and iv that's not a convincing proof, and you refuse to believe it, why you may put me down as been doting, that s all." If these were any persons in the group that had an instant's doubt, this positive proof soon banished it, and the aged hero of the tale was viewed with double respect and awe. By and by harmless tricks were played off at each other's expense ; all the inno- cent spells too were put into requisition, and the kale ztalks were pulled, and much laughter cansed by those who were unfortunate enough to get a crooked one. When the plates containing salt and sand, and pure water, and one a ring, were brought out, much bustle and mys- tery took place. The maidens tried to find the ring, but did not succeed ; and the youths tried sedulously to avoid the sand or earth, as if their lires really de- pended on it. When it came to Peggy's turn, her hand, as if by some spell, went straight into the plate that contained the ring ; and on Larry advancing, his did the same. This was instantly prphesied into their being united befor the year would be out, and displayed considerable foresight, and prophetic powers on the part of the soothsayers, as the day had been already appointed, and was not more than three weeks off. None of those charms which are wrought in the name of the devil were at- tempted, for though they are often spoke of as being effected, I think they are sel- dom tried, as the majority of the Irish peasantry have an awe of those conjura- tions, which nothing can remove. It was morning ere we parted, and the ge- nuine good wishes which followed me on my retirement, came more gratefully to my heart than all the courtly phrases that politeness has invented to take place of sincerity. The pleasure was considerably enhanced from having thus had an oppor- tunity of witnessing the manner in which an evening, pregnant with so much of merriment and sport in the "Land of Cakes," is spent by the Irish peasant. 