Original Correspondence. TO A TRAVELLER ONA WELL DESCRIBED BEAU. Silt, I have read your address to the editor of the Sydney Gazette, together with the observations of the editor. In your letter you refer to one written by me subscribed li. Al. N., permit me to inform you that I think you have quite mistaken your brie, when you entered the lists of polemical debate. You are evidently ignorant of much that is requisite for such an undertaking I give you credit for sincerity, but I would as sincerely recommend you, if you are really zealous of the credit of your church, not to appear again in the ranks of her defenders leave this task to abler hands. I give you this advice in perfect good will. " To be zealously affected in a good cause is desirable, but zeal unaccompanied with knowledge often injures the cause it seeks to advance. Your letter but too truly demonstrates the utter ignorance in which the laity of the Romish Church are kept by the spiritual teachers of that communion. If you desire to obtain useful information respecting the true principles of your church, I would strongly recommend you to read the letters of G. W. It., published in The Colonist. That able writer confines himself exclusively to the acknowledged authorities of the Roman Church ; however widely you may differ from the inferences drawn by G. W, In., his quotations from Romish authorities cannot but be serviceable to you. If I rightly understand your observa- tion, you infer from my former letter that I am either MI Independent or ii Cal vinist. In this sense you mean I am neither one nor the other I am an him the member of the Episcopal Protestant Church. The sect usually denominated independents or Congregationalist, bold I what are termed Calvinistic doctrine the same is the case with a very great proportion of the Episcopal Protestant Church. So also is the case as respects the Church of' Scotland. And there are other denominations of christians who do the same, There is a union amongst orthodox Protestants, not to be found unionists Romanists. There is a union amongst Papists, not to be found amongst Protestants. The union subsisting amongst orthodox Protestants, is with respect to the essential principles of the gospel. They believe in common in the doctrines of the Trinity. They believe that, the Lord Jesus Christ made one all-sufficient sacrifice and oblation for the sins of the world. They believe that Jesus Christ is the only Mediator between God and man. They believe in common that it is the office of God, the Holy Ghost, to bring.; about an effectual chance of the heart, which they denominate regenera- tion by the Holy Spirit. And they II - lieve also, that until the change does take place in the heart, that no works, however good in themselves, are accept- able to God. They believe also that after death, there is no repentance. They believe that they are saved through and by the merits of a crucified and risen Saviour, and deny that either angel, virgin or saint,, have aught whatever to do with man's salvation, and that any homage paid to these happy spirits now in the church triumphant, by way of prayer or supplication, is a sin against God who has declared that he will not share his glory with another. These are the principles upon which the unity of Protestantism is based. Where they agree to differ, is upon points in themselves non-essential. The union of Popery, consists in an endeavour to cultivate ignorance, if I may so speak, and through such means to obtain a paramount influence over the minds of its deluded votaries. As to any union of sentiment respecting things eternal, you have only to make yourself acquainted with the leading principles of the various sects within the pale of Romanism-a few of which have been instanced by the editor of The Syd Zietz Gazette. Lord Bacon says, " there is a union of ignorance, in all colours are confounded in the dark." This happy description of unity manifestly subsists amongst the believers in Humanism. In conclusion, Sir, suffer me to assure you that while I condemn and detest the principles inculcated by the Church of Rome, I have no unkind feeling towards those of its communion who err in ignorance. And my prayer for them, will ever he that they may be called out of darkness, into the marvellous light of the gospel. And that you may be included in that number is the sincere desire of Your most obdt. servant, of E. A. N. Sydney, Nov. 211833. tasnwuxmxnKmiuûKi^xmmm 