Tho Theatre. The Victoria Theatre re-opened on Saturday with the performance of Ham- let. Knowles was greeted on his first appearance, after an interval of two years' duration, with rapturous applause ; his reception, indeed, was more enthusiastic, more general, and of longer continuance than any we have previously witnessed from a Sydney audience. The house was well attended, considering that the per- formance was a tragedy : the pit, espe- cially, was crowded almost to suffocation. Few of the alterations that have taken piece in the hou-e during the recess are visible from the front, but on the stage, we have been told, they are very exten- sive. A very handsome new drop scene, painted by Mr. Fitchett of Pitt-stre'et, was exhibited during the evening and elicited much applause. The design is pleasing and the execution good, but it wants depth of colouring to give it suf- ficient ««ret. Several well-executed new scenes were also produced during. the performance. The only' alterations in front of the house are the addition of a new 'cloak and bonnet' room, and the .opening of the-saloon. Much care has evidently been bestowed upon the saloon to render it an agreeable promenade between the . intervals of performance. "The walls aré very handsomely painted, but of so deep a shade of crimson as- to -produce rather a sombre effect when the room is lighted up. Knowles was, of course, the great attraction of the evening. He has evi dently made good use of his time during his trip to England. We always admired his performance of Hamlet, and we admire it more than ever now. His manner was much more subdued than formerly, and no symptoms of an ap- proximation to ranting, as in former days, were at all perceptible. The speech to the players was admirably delivered, and the scene with Ophelia well sustained. Towards the termination of the third act, and during the fourth and fifth acts, syn'ptoms of weariness became perceptible and bis voice got rather husky, conse- quently his performance during the two last acts was rather tamer than it used to be. On the whole, however, the im- provement was very manifest. The effect-of the piece was greatly injured from the part of the King being read, instead of acted. Grove, who was to have played the King, took ill it seems in the early part of the day, and was unable to come to the Theatre, and no other performer being up in the 'part Lazar hud to go on and read it. As theatrical illnesses are as often assumed as not, it is but due to Grove to stufe that we have every reason to believe that his illness was really serious. Fenton v?as substituted for Lane in Polonius, but the piece gained nothing by the change. We must not pass over Mere- dith's G ravedigger without notice. His acting «hows that lie could play the character well if he would only throw a little le-s of the grotesque into it. With Hamlet's advice to the players sounding in his ears he yet " o'erstepped the mo- desty of nature," a fault, by the way, wirb tvnicn he is seldom chargeable. The other male characters were nearly the same as before, and on the whole tolerably sustained. The effect of the Ghost scenes was entirely destroyed by the great body of light thrown out from some lamps imprudently kept burn- ing on the wingB, rendering the stage ncirly as light as if the foot lamps had been up. Miss Winstanley verified onr prognos- tications in 'her performance of Ophelia ; she knew what the character should be, but elie is not sufficiently a musician to play it effectively. She looked and dressed the character admirably well. Mrs. Cameron's Queen was a failure, more so, indeed, than any character we have ever before seen her attempt. Miss Douglass was the only Queen the Sydney etage conld ever boast of. A contem- porary of yesterday speaks of Miss D. as Oplielia; the idea .is -absurd ; Ophelia was even less in Miss D.'s line than in Miss Winstanley's. We have seen Oplielia belter played on the Sydney stage, and by an actress who had less pretensions to such a style of acting than either of the ladies abovementioned. The after-piece, a new one-act farce entitled Bachelors' Buttons, went off rather heavily. The weight of the per- formance rested between Mrs. Cameron, Simes, and Arabin. Mrs. Cameron played well, but she was evidently fdgged; her performance consequently wanted much of that spirit she would otherwise have exhibited. Simes played passably well, and would have played better had he been better suppôt ted. Arabin'»} performance was a failure. It is useless to require him to play in li«ht comedy, for the result, on all occasions, will be the Bame as now : he never can look or play the gentleman of private life. The farce, however, will bear repetition, and We doubt not will come off belter, after a less fatiguing piece than Hamlet. The Orchestra will not do. There is a decided diminution of strength since last season which must be made up before a sufficient body of sound is produced for the extent of the house. Otherwise the music was very fair ; but there are several known faces a-missiutr. We shall nive the Orchestra a fuir trial, however, be- fore we proceed to condemn it altogether. The Mechanics' School of Arts. Mr. N. L. Kentish, none dispirited by the bad success which attended his efforts to gather together an auditory to listen to a fresh edition of The Times Extraor- dinary on M nday week, made another attempt to disburthen himself of the re» suits of his cogitations on Friday last. After waiting in solitary dign'ty for fully a couple of hours, in fruitless expectation of an audience, the disappointed lecturer, uttering a heart-felt sigh in commisera- tion of the degenerate taste of the in- habitants of Sj dney, (who apparently do not like Mr. Kentish's lucubrations, even when offered " without money and with- out price,") rolled up his manuscript and walked off from the scene of action, having apparently arrived at the de- termination to waste no further time in preparing lectures to be cast away upon a people who evidently either know bim too well, or do not appreciate his worth sufficiently. The Fast.-Friday next is the day appointed by His Excellency to be ob- served throughout the Colony as a day of general fast and humiliation, on account of the present drought. A form of prayer to be used on the occasion, ac- cording to the Established Church of England and Ireland, has been published by Mr. Tegg of George-street, by autho- rity. Coroner's Inquest-On Sunday an inquest was held at the Farmers' Arms, Castlereagh-street, on the body of Mrs Frances Hickey, who died on tbe day previously. It appeared from the evi- dence that a few days before, she had fallen out of her bed in a fit, and was taken up in a state of insensibility, in which she continued until she died. The medical gentleman who had attended her, certified that her death was caused by an attack of epilepsy. The jury re turned a verdict to that effect. Fatal Accident. - On Sunday last, a man named John Connor met his death in the following manner. Connor was a free man, and in the employment of Mr. Weedon of the Cherry Gardens, on the Parramatta Road. On the day in ques- tion, he went into the stable, and without his master's consent, took out a horse on which he rode into Sydney. When turn- ing the corner of York and Market- streets, the horse became restive and threw his rider, who fell with violence on his head, and his neck was broken. He was picked up and carried to Mr. Dole's in King- street, who recommended his removal to the hospital; but on his way thither, he died. An inquest was held on the body yesterday. On Saturday last, a man named Pile, a barman employed by Mr. Hanson at the Rum Puncheon, Queen's Wharf,, was committed to take his trial for re- ceiving stolen property. A few days ago the steward of the ship Coromandel, absconded- taking with him several ar- ticles of property-from the ship. A reward was offered for his apprehension, but without effect. It having been, how- ever, ascertained that he had been fre- quent in his visite at the Rum Puncheon, a warrant was procured to search the premises, and placed in the hands of Serjeant Faris, to be executed. On en- tering the room occupied by Pile, he claimed all within to be his own property. On the search being continued, some knives and forks were found in his box, and identified to bp part of tim property stolen from the Coromandel. Pile was committed to take his trial, but allowed bail, himself in the sum of eighty pounds, and two sureties in forty pounds each. A Runaway.-On Friday afternoon, a man named Timberley, nn assigned servant to Mr. Barrett of Patterson's River, was apprehended by the Chief Constable. Timberley had absconded, and has been at large during a period of nearly seven years. He was apprehended in a house in Clarence-street, but stating himself to be free, he waa forwarded lo the birracks, when the truth appeared, being a lifer. On Friday a man named M*Kenny, a messenger attached to Hyde Park Bar- racks, offered a new jucket and silk hand- kerchief for sale to a butcher named Wood, for one guinea. 'I he articles being, in the opinion of Wood worth more, he told the man to leave them and he would make up his mind about the bargain, desiring bim to call the next day. In the meantime, he gave information of the circumstance to luspecor Hoyle, who directed him t-> acquaint him when any person should call for the property. The next day t\\\ o men M'Nalty (the pugilist) and Barker, called for the property. Wood sent wotd to Mr. Hoyle, who immediately went to the house, and apprehended thom, and afterwards directed M'Kenny to be taken into custody. From the enquiries he made, be ascertained that the property had been stolen, t gether with a sum of money from a person in Sussex-street, on the previous Thursday. Accident.-On Saturday afternoon a free man in the employment of Mr. F. Milcheil, was directed to proceed with a horse and dray to Bettinglon'e wharf to fetch a case of copper ; while the man was engaged in lowering (he case from the »lores it became disengaged, and failing upon his leg nearly smashed it. The man was removed to the Hospital ; it is feared it will be necessary to ampu- tate the leg. The Police Act.-Mr. Tegg ha« published the >ydney Police Act, with all the alterations and amendments which it has undergone during the recent session of the Legislative Council. No house- holder in Sydney who is desirous of avoiding coming into contact with the con- stituted authorities, or keeping clear of the risk of fines, and the bother of de- fending their exaction, should be without a copy of this Act. A woman of abandoned character, named Caroline Divine, was taken into custody on Sunday for stealing ten shil- lings from a native of Otaheite named Bob. Bob, it appeared, had been in her company, and while they were in con- versation she picked his pocket of tho money. He missed it and left the house to procure a constable ; while he was absent she ran away. On his return wita a constable he found her in a neighbour- ing house, but she had not got the money. When the prisoner was before the Magis- trates, Bo'i was desired to give an account of the transaction, but it appeared* that he was unconscious of the nature of an oath. Ho was asked if he believed in God? h# made answer, in leply, "that there was a man present who did,." and whom he seemed anxious should be-beard. This person, a shipmate, said he knew nothing of the transaction, and conse- quently there being no evidence against the woman, she was discharged. Head found.-An inquest wa* held on Saturday at the Rum Puncheon, at the Queen's Wharf, on a human head, which had been found the previous day on the North Shore. The head was in a very advanced state of decomposition and appeared to have been separated near the sixth vertebra. The features could nut be recognized, and, from its appearance, it was the opinion of the Jury that it had not been severed from- the body by any sharp instrument, but had been separated by the action of the waters beating it against the rocks, they being of opinion that it had been the head of some person who had been drowned. The jury re- turned a verdict accordingly. , A Biundemno Constable. - A woman named Hannah Patterson, was yesterday placed at the bar of the Police Office. The constable who had appre- hended her, being asked what chairge he bad to prefer against her, observed that on the day previously he saw a man knock the woman down in Kent-street, and while she «as on the ground, kick her. The man, whom he ascertained to be lier husband, escaped as soon as he saw him, and he then took the womnh into custody. Colonel Wilson said he ought to have taken the man and left the woman alone, « ho appeared to have been confined because she had been unfortu- nate enough to have received a beating^. She wa» then discharged. , Brutal Assault.-Yesterday a mau piimed Janies Connolly was charged, al the Police Offioe, with the following brtital'assault on Mr. Nightingale. It, appeared from the evidence adduced, that on the day in question Mr. N. was stand- ing talking to a person in Castlereagh (¡treet, near where the Government gang was at work excavating the road. While he was in conversation the prisoner carne upi j and asked Mr. N, how long he had been s loose? The prosecutor replied, that he' i did not know him. The oilier then asked him if he had ever heard of the celebrated Daniel O'Connell ? Mr. Nightingale re- plied, Yes. He then «aid, 1 am that in- dividual. The prisoner, who was smok- ing a cigar at the time, approached the ' piosecntor, who put his hand against hi» s breast to prevent him. He then said, if I he did not take his hand away he would ' bite him, adding thut he was the greatest dog in Sydney. Ho then pushed the j lighted end of tho cigar into Mr. N. s mouth, and appeared to be desitous to adopting every means to provoke a quarrel Mr. N. pushed him away, on which the prisoner struck him with his' fist in the face. The prosecutor threatened if he etiuck him again he would knock him down with the first thing that carne to hand. The man again attempted to strike him, when he accordingly snatched upa shovel that was I)in.: near and struck him with it. The prUener rushed up and snatched the spade away, and picked up some large stones and as dr. N. wai leaving the place he threw one after him anti striking him behind knocked bim down into the excavation, a depth of about six feet. "The prosecutor fell upon his face, and the prisoner jumped down after him and continued to be it him until a constable arrived at the spot and took him into custody. The fellow, in defence, pleaded drunkenness in palliation. Mr. Windeyer asked him if he had any thing to say why he should not be committed to tnke'his trial, when Mr N. interposed, observing that he had no vindictive feel- ing to the prisoner, whom he wished the Bench to visit, if it could be done con- sistently, with a lighter punishment. He thought that if he were bound to the peace, an admonition from the Bench coupled with the exposure his conduct hud met with, would have the effect of preventing a repetition of such outrageous conduct. Mr. Windeyer observed, that much as he admired the Christian spirit that actuated Mr. Nightingale, he t on fassed lie felt very little inclined to be influenced by his suggestions in the pre- sent case. Was it to be supposed, he said, that in a country professing to be governed by law, that a drunken swaggerer should be permitted 'to in- terfere with peaceable and respectable persons in the streets, and with brutal .violence and filthy language to interrupt them It was a most atrocious case and deserved exemplary punishment, but in consequence of the merciful consideration of the complainant, he ordered the pri- soner >o find bail to keep the peace, him- self to be bound in ¿£30 and two sureties in .£15 each. Stealing.-A private soldier of the 28th Regiment, named John Goodall, was taken into custody on Sunday for stealing two handkerchief» the property of a man named Stanford, a seaman of the Mandarin. The prosecutor, having lenve of absence to come ashore, went to the Military Canteen and fell in with the prisoner and another soldier They adjourned to a public-house on the rocks and had something to drink. While they were in the house the prisoner pos- sessed himself of the handkerchiefs, and ran away, followed by the prosecutor. The man w as been to throw the property over a fence, where it was found. À ? constable coming up he waa given into custody. As the constable was conveying him through the Military Barracks the Îri»oner miidu his escape, but wa« stopped y the sentinel at the gate. The other soldier, who hail been in the prisoner's company, arrivedatthespotand attempted to rescue him from the custody of the sentry. One of hi* officeis, who came up at the time, interfered, and to him the prisoner's companion was very insolent ; he was in consequence ordered into confinement to await the centenre of a eourt martial for insubordination. Hu other man was taken yesterday before the Magistrates, who remanded bim for the evidence of the publican at whose house they had been drinking. A man named James Bridge was charged yesterday at the Police Office with stealing a saw, the property of Mr Morris, of Castlereagh-street. Bridge had bsen in the employment of Mr. Morris, and in his absence went to the house and possessed him.-elf of the saw, with which he walked away." He was seen by a little girl, who gave information of the circumstance, and he was taken into custody. In defence be said he had been waiting four days for Mr. Morris and had Leen unable to procure payint nt, and that he consequently took the saw as security. Remanded. On Monday morning a child named Mors, the infant son of parents residing in Sussex stieet, was found dead in bed. An inquest was or ered to be convened yesterday evening1. 