Original Correspondence. MATRIMONY. To the Editors of the Port Philip Gazette. GENTLEMEN—I am happy to find by the motto of your paper, that I shall be able to receive from you some valuable and important information, not only for myself, but also for those who shall come after. Do I want assistance, tis to you I look; feel- ing the truth of a sacred record "It is not good for man to be alone." I feel seriously disposed to take unto myself (to use the antideluvian phrase) a wife, but unfortunately I find that merely because the object of my affections is not bordering on an old maid, I mean because she has not attained the age of manhood—I beg par- don, I mean womanhood—it is contrary to the law in such case (as the gentlemen of the long robe would say) made and provided; and I find that before the nuptial ceremony can be per- formed, the whole of the case must be submitted to some person in Sydney, and I am left looking and waiting with eager expectation the arrival of the mail from Sydney, to know if the answer has arrived, and it happens no answer at all has been received; and were it not that I am a man of strong constitution, I might give up the ghost in despair! Gentlemen, on the 'above I would crave your kind assistance. Struggling against the feelings of my heart; and sick of every moment's delay, do I not require animating while struggling un- der such adversities, and straining every nerve to keep my self possession? And, Gentlemen, your sympathy, I am sure, will be willingly extended to me; you, doubtless, although I have no inclination to act as father confessor, have felt some time or other the sweet strains of love; and if so. you can surely enter fully into my feelings which are most acute— and, pray Sirs, inform me candidly how I should act. Is it just that the finer feelings of our "na- ture should be thus cramped?—is it possible that where there is no reasonable objection, when the young lady is not only willing but consents that it should be done, and that quickly, that our worthy minister is bound to tell us that he durst not perform the ceremony? Would it not be well for the bachelors of Melbourne to assemble and petition the Governor and Council to alter and amend so unjust an Act, if an Act of theirs it be? and might it not be well at the same time to pe- tition the Legislature, and to request that, if pos- sible, a consignment of virtuous females might be forwarded direct from the mother country, to relieve the pressing wants of the Bachelors of Melbourne? It is a fact worthy of record, that the young lady who has given me her hand, has had not less than half a dozen offers, and under such circumstances delay is surely dangerous. I need scarcely inform you that the above refers to those young ladies whose parents are absent from Melbourne. By inserting the foregoing with your advice on the subject, you will much oblige Gentlemen. Most sincerely, Yours, &c.; A MELBOURNE BACHELOR. December 12, 1838. [We cannot but sympathize, when picturing to our imagination the struggles of our Correspond- ent's feelings in being debarred entering the holy banns of matrimony as readily as he may wish, by the law of England; but to animate and assist him in the unenviable dilemma in which he is placed, we can inform "A Melbourne Bachelor" that Her Majesty's Attorney General for this Colony, prepared a Bill during the last session of the Legislative Council, to remedy the inconve- nience complained of, which empowered magis- trates to act as guardians over females under age, in the absence of parents; but the duty being considered unmagisterial, and the embarrassment a young lady of delicate senses would naturally be subject to, at being compelled to proceed to a police office and mingle with constables, idlers, and others, and the perplexity, particularly if she were of a "preposessing" appearance and had to encounter a gallant Colonel, so great, that the clause relating to magistrates was subject to alte- ration and amendment, the result of which we cannot aver, nut having a complete file of the Government Gazette, at hand.—Eds. P. P. Ga- zette.] 