To the Editor of the Tasmanian and Review. " The creature's at his dirty work again t" SIR,—S. X. flatters himself that it is all over with " Vindex," and that, like Cardinal Wolsey, "he dies and makes no sign." When a man is in " ariiculo mortis," he has resigned himself to his fate, and gives up the ghost in a repentant manner, imploring forgiveness of God for his sins, and dying in peace with all mankind! From the remainder of the letter of S. X. it would appear that Vindex is not in that quiescent, departing state, w anxiously looked for by S. X., but that he still lives to display his rage and vimlictiveness !—two very different situations to place a person in at ons and the same time, but to S. X. such contradictions arc trifles. These are merely errors proceeding from a disordered fugitive brain, and are on that account to be overlooked and pardoned. A wilful untruth is a different matter, and before S. X. takes upon himself to charge another with falsehood, he should carefully enquire into bis own conduct. S. X. has stated that he never lauded Mr. R. L. Murray, lor having fought manfully under Colonel Arthur's colours. To what contemptible, pitiful evasions will not some men resort! Vindex repeats the assertion! It will be conceded to Mr. R. L. Murray, the late Editor of the Tasmanian, and the present Editor or Proprietor, or Printer (or by whatever other denomination he rejoices in) of the Review, are one and the same person—that being granted, what follows? That Mr. R. L. Murray, as Editor of the Tasmanian, published an article on Mr. Stephen's retirement from office, describing it as a "fake movement." That when Mr. R. L. Murray left the Tasmanian. and brought forward his Review, a writer under the signature of S. X. addressed the Editor of the Review—imowing him to be Mr. R. L. Murray, as well as knowing that he had been only the week previously the Editor of the Tasmanian,—on the subject of his "false movement" article; and among the other points of that letter, S. X lauds the late editor of the Tasmanian, and the present editor of the Review, for having fought manfully under Colonel Arthur's colours. The miserable quibble, therefore, that Mr. R. L. Murray is not lauded because S. X. addresses himseif to the editor of the Review, is unworthy of any man, particularly when he has the " hardihood" to accuse another of falsehood, merely for having given the name of the man instead of his designation of editor. It, is just what might be expected from a special pleader, who delight)). in intricacies,, and. who hails a bad cause to defend. S. X. feels hurt at any allusion to Billingsgate. What is his reasoning upon the "assertions" of shadows or anonymous writers ? Was ever the gentlemanly language of that Fish Marketplace better illustrated than by the following sentence of S. X.:—"A few' assertions' to which to give the counter- assertion, and no more indeed is necessary, for in what does the characteristic signature, Vindex, carry more weight than the two less consonants, S. X. i" If this is not—the lie, and|you lie of a finished Billingsgate, where is it to be found ? Are there not, Vindex. would ask, discussions in every journal in Great Britain, carried on daily in an anonymous manner N—and because they are so conducted, is every "assertion" to be contradicted, and pronounced false by the opposite party i If so, there is an end to newspaper writing? Why did 5. X. commence this controversy ? It was unmanly—it was an artifice beneath any, the most contemptible writer, to affix an anonymous signature to his productions, who, previous to the battle, had ensured his retreat by . so base a method. It is needless therefore—a complete IOBB of time—to enter into any discussion with ai writer who has the effrontery to contradict every truth advanced, and who has type at his back for all bis underground purposes. Vindex has but to refer to Mr. Gilbert Robertson's letter to Mr. O'Connor, wherein he makes use of the following words :—" In the: mean time, I beg to assure you that I am not in any way identified or connected with S. X.,. with whose identity I became acquainted by. the merest accident." What does S X: say, in. his last letter, after having the unparalleled effrontery to charge Vindex with falsehood, for having stated, upon Mr. Robertson's own shewing, that he knew who S. X. was; and that, consequently, Mr. Stephen knew who his " bosom friend" was. S. X. has,. I repeat it, the unparalleled effia&tery; to deny it. Vindex quotes his words " Not only not" half the town, " but no humaa being*, one alone excepted —that one not Mr, Robertson— has the slightest knowledge of the matter." There is a pithy saying on the necessity of some persons being gifted with a good memory, and this is a notable instance. It is only a confirmation of that which S. X. advanced in one of his letters—that " Party writers" did not much attend to the truth. Whether Mr. Gilbert Robertson has been the " Party writer" in this instance, or whether S. X. has the " hardihood" to contradict Ins " noble friend," and resort to the Billingsgate method of assertion for proof, Vindex cares not. Until that point is determined, further controversy is useless, and indeed degrading ; and therefore Vindex hands over S. X. for the present to his "friend," Mr. Alfred Stephen, to dispose of as to him may seem meet, until another occasion offers for a splendid puff, full of " assertions"—but no " truth." VINDEX. CRICKET.—-The following is the statement of the match of cricket, which came off on Monday and Tuesday last, and terminated in favor of the Tasmanians, as was fully expected. PEnWENT< Yates run out 2 Young..b by Fisher 6 Marshall ..ditto 11 Lipscombe ditto.... Hind .... 6.by ditto. Parroti b.b_v Patterson Salmon .. c. by ditto Maddox.. b. by ditto Roper ..b.by Fislier Beimison... .not out King. a. Byes.... 11 2 0 1 0 7 1 2 •2 TASM.ANIANS. Fislier, J. c. by Yates 4 Wade, .c.by Parrott 0 Fisher, W... run out 5 Fisher,.E. c. by R oper 14 Morris, c.by iVladdox 26 Patterson, E. c.King 29 Chaffy c. by Maddox 3 Risby ..not out 1 Westbrook b.Marsliall 4 Brodribb s. by Roper 1 Paltei6on b. Marshall 1 Byes.... 3 56 SLCONB 11* NINCS. Yates, c. by E. Fisher Marshall, b.Patterson Weslfoldforltoperdo. Young ditto Hind ditto Parrottc.by E. Fislier Maddox b. by Fislier Salmon...... ditto Bcnnison .... cot out Lipscombeb.Patterson 3 King c. by W. Fislier 0 SI SECO.VX1 INNINGS. Wade Patterson Byes.... V . SIR JOHN FRANKLIN.—The Lieutenant Governor, accompanied by Lady Franklin, and his usual suite, proceeded last Monday by land to George Town ; whence, as we learn. His Excellency embarks for Flinder's Island, for the purpose of inspecting the Aboriginal Settlement there. We believe an Executive Council was held one day last week at the Government Cottage, the Colonial Secretary and the Chief Police Magistrate being both on this side of the Island.— Launceston Advertiser. TEMPERANCE.—.The worthy Governor of Van Diemen's Land, a Member of the Temperance Society, by proclamation in to-day's Gazette, affords the encouragement of a further reduction (a reduction was made lately,} of the tax on spirits distilled in the Colony. We would lose sight of Sir John Franklin, Member of the Tempe ance Society, in this measure, and see only the Lieutenant Governoi, did it not strike us as being a very impolitic one. On this head hereafter. MARKKTS.—No material variation in the corn or butcher market has taken place since' our last quotations. 