Original Corrsapondöiioe« j .TORMÜLARLE3 OF TKK CHURCH OF ENGLAND. THE LITTJ.IGY COMP.vnED WITH EXTEMPORE PRAYER. ' There are many points ol' view in which the cx psdiency of liturgical forms for public worship may be considered. It might easily bî shown, by the practice of the Church from the earliest times, undsr the express sanction of our blessed Lord, who himself delivered to his disciples a form of prayer, th.it in providing for our congregations an order which they all may understand, and in which they all can join, we have followed the "more ex. relient way." But it may be well, also, besides ' the arguments taken from Scripture authority and " the reason of the thing, to enquire whether, sup- posing the objections made to our liturgy arc well founded, wc should be likely to obtain any advan- tage by casting away our forms. I would treat the subject by way of comparison, and would ask if, in the places where extempore -prayer is used, expressions far more frequently and seriously faulty are not heard than can be by possibility in our churches ? I have, no desire uukindly to accuse those who conscientiously differ from us, but.it is -right that all classes ol' churchmen should learn to appreciate duly the blessings which by God's mercy 'they enjoy. If there is to be any such thing ns united wor- ship, a congregation must consent to pray in' the words adopted hy the minister. Each cannot be nt liberty to usc his own language, otherwise, in- stead of union, there would only be confusion. Then tho question is, which words are best nnd -.most appropriate-those which, carefully composed of old by mauy holy men, have descended to us consecrated as it were by the affectionate reverence of successive generations ; or those which, on the spur of the moment, are conceived and uttered by the single individual who officiates? Certainly if objections are found against the expressions of our ? deliberate prayers, objections yet more considerable -jnay be expected agniust hasty effusions, biassed < by the varying frames of the mind, and corrected '"by no thought. It is, I know, pleaded that Go;! Jins promised special help in this respect to his ministering servants, and that lie will be to them, when they so nddrcss him, " a mouth and wisdom," .Jind a " door of utterance." lt is true that God . doe» pledge himself to impart many excellent gifts Ito those who, ns his ambassadors, represent him -among men; but he nowhere says that he will .hestow such a talent as is claimed in support of .this argument, for even if it were granted tltnt much texts as Take no thought beforehand what .ye shall speak, neither do ye premeditate-but -.whatever shall be given you in that hour, that .speak ye : for it is not ye that speak, but the Holy Ghost"-if it were granted that such texts apply .'.to pelions offiring public prayer-which manifestly it not the case-wc must still examine what de- cree of assistance from above might be expected. Tew, surely, would assert that tho prayers so pro- duced were absolutely perfect, that the voice of \- the Holy Spirit would be actunlly heard pleading .through the mouth of man. Yet any thing short ?of this leaves room for objection, and gives no ns ?aurance that the unpremeditated prayer will be better than thc form. Eur, if imperfections mat/ -exist, we are necessarily lcd to the conclusion that ¿ihey do exist ; and wo come back to the question, which method is least tikclg to ba encumbered ."with fault? It is not possible, when we fiud ob- jectionable expressions in ii liturgy, to say_"we .will discard this form and error with it ; wc will jndopt another mode of worship,-not ex|»sed like .this to imperfection." Wc eau only (such is alas ! ?¿the infirmity of otu- nature) have a choice of im 3>arfectians ; wc shall lind no path altogether free .irom difficulties; we must, therefore, choose that .?way wldch presents thc fewest. Hence wc need .oint allow our opponents to assail us, os if wc could -only stand on the defensive. Even were wc to .admit the force of the objections they urge to different parts of our liturgy, wc should not be "vanquished. We might admit them nil, nnd yet jrove tlmt on their side there are to their prayers -objections infinitely greater. The supposed faults which two centuries and a lalf of keen inquisition have been able to detect in our formularies are very few, nnd they nrise, in -many instances, from a misapprehension of the words objected to. But were a critical hearer to -uttend for a single month on the extempore prayers of btit one individual, he might make out, doubt- less, an extended list. Unsound expressions, ob- scure phrases, inappropriate appellations, he would Jiave to complain of in abundance. If it bc said :that God still accepts and answers in Jesu» Christ . these imperfect prayers, overlooking and forgiving \- the infirmities of men, that is just the argument we use in behalf of our formularies. Wc are nat -liuwisc enough to pronounce them faultless; but .we say that in them Gad's people do find near access to him, and tire enabled to pay him a reason- able service. The greater imperfection of extempore than pre -.composed prayers will appear from thc following considerations :-Much must depend upon thc par- ticular finnie of mind of the individual who ..officiates. One mau may have a lively imagination, . a chastised judgment, a retentive memory, a readi- ness of language, and thus may be able with sufficient propriety to express the wants of a con- gregation. Another may be destitute of these «dvautages, and though with a heart as feelingly -«live to a sense of his necessities, bc little compc -tent to give the utterance. And the same man will not find in himself the same capabilities at all .limes. His mind, once clear, will sometimes be confused-Iiis uiamory, generally strong, will some . times fail him. And (what 1 consider a very lead- ing objection) he will be apt to consider himself rather than the people. His own feelings, his own -opinions, his own circumstances, will uliuost infill-' .libly influence his prayers and give them a tincture perhaps little in harmony with the feelings and wants mid desires of those whom he professes to represent. The petitions offered up will hence be destitute of that generality and comprehensiveness which should be principal features of public sup- plication j and, consequently, many of those who come, with burdened hearts to the sanctuary will go away with the mortified conviction that their cases were not reached, their supplications not .laid before the mercy seat. Thc thoughts of the «ame individual will generally bc running in the .sirue channel, nnd consequently a sameness, a man- nerism will be the result, which, far different from the rich and copious uniformity ol' our liturgy, will "be distinguishable chiefly for its uniform prolixity . on 6ome topics, and its uniform neglect of others , equally important. And even where an undue prominence is not, from the habitual bias of the . mind, given to special opinions, yet the memory . will seldom present all the particulars on which it . is desirable to dwell. low persons, I nm per- suaded, can rise from leading a congregation in extempore prayer without feeling afterwards that .- they have, through forgetfulness, omitted much . that it was essential for them, to introduce. If it be said that the office of preaching is in -every Christiau church entrusted to individual judgment, and that the office ol'conducting prayer might with equal propriety be similarly entrusted, 1 reply that there is thc widest difference between the two. Tiic preacher requires his hearers to act ? on his instructions no farther or sooner tlnin, on mature deliberation, they perceive them to be sanctioned by the sacred volume. The minister in offering prayer requires his congregation to accom- pany him nt once to the throne of grace, and to join him on the instant in the words with which lie presents to God their wants. -Prayer is the joint act of thc minister and people, in which all should take an equal part ; preaching is the act of the minister alone, with respect to which the \- duty of the hearers is perfectly different from his. And the absence of a liturgy goes far, 1 may ob- serve, to destroy the union ol' the whole assembly ia prayer. The worship then resembles rather the service of the Jewish temple, where the priest ulone entered into the sacred place while the people were restrained without, than thc liberty of thc Christian Church, where the veil being removed by . the death of Jesus, we may all approach with holy .boldness the presence of thc Lord, and lind givce to help in every time ol' need. How can a congrc .gation enter with such full feeling into supplica- tion, the precise nature of which they cannot anticipate thc moment before they arc uttered? There is thus re-built betwixt them and thc open face of God that partition- wall which it was the .business of the Redeemer to destroy. If then, I think it will readily appear, wc were to p3rt with our inestimable liturgy, instead of reaping uny advantage by thc change we shculd sustain thc greatest injury. Objections far nure numerous and well-founded would bc raised against whatever could bo substituted. Let us not theie tort, ha companions of those who nre given to change-let us not be persuaded to desert the old paths-let us rather imitate the practice which our Saviour, in one of his illustrations, has referred to, " No man having drunk old wins straightway dosireth new : for bc saith the old is better." CJ.EIUCUS. 