LOCAL. We understand that the decision to which Lord Glenelg has arrived in the case of Mr. Burnett, is, that hisjordship absolves that gentleman from the charge of deliberate falsehood, to save himself the pecuniary fine ; but does not acquit him of a subsequeut culpable course of evasion. It is added, that his lordship sees no reasons for differing from the decision of Lord Aberdeen ; and Mr. Burnett has been informed that ho can- not be restored to office, neither can he have any pension. We further learn, that Sir George Arthur's conduct throughout this painful business has been highly lauded and approved by Lord Glenelg. The Moffatt has brought out the first shipment of prisoners under the now act, there being on board men under sentence of transportation for ten, fifteen, and twenty-one years, as well as the former usual periods of seven" and -four- teen years, and life. It was generally understood that seven years' mon would not, under the new act, be sent out-but it appears that a very considerable portion of the men by this vessel are for that term. The Launceston Advertiser, in its weakly advocacy of the ex-Attorney Gencral, has had the folly to state that rumours had reached Launceston, of an open " split" in the Hobart Town ca- binet-of some sparring between a cre tain triumvirate-a concluding scene, in which were indignant retort, rejoinder, and ajínale of proffered resignations. How the editor of the Advertiser can have seiiously given insertion to such stuff, (we have no better word at hand to designate its absurdity) is to us no small matter of surprise. Let him at once de- clare who guides his pen, and the public will then be at no loss to estimate the value of such paragraphs, couched in ambi- guous terms, and so innocently given, without the mention of any name, as to have the appearance of there being no reference. 13ut of what use is this round- about method ? Better at once to avow that a ceitain Ea; having resigned his situation in a pet, is anxious to have an- other " split''-or, in other woras, an- other " spree"-he being fond of them. But we suspect he reckons without his host, the rumoured " split'' being only a creation of the brain-existing precisely in the same spot where Hamlet saw his father's ghost, - " In my mind's eye, Horatio." A deputation, consisting of fifteen members of the Mechanics' Institution, with Mr. Alfred Stephen at their head, waited upon Sir John Franklin, at twelve on Saturday last, for the purpose of pre- senting His Excellency with an address from that bod}', soliciting pecuniary aid from the government on behalf of the Institution. We gave the address in full in our last week's paper. Mr. Ste- phen, in presenting it, took the opportu- nity of thanking His Excellency for the honour which he conferred u'pon the Institution in becoming its patron. Sir John Franklin expressed himself, as ex- ceedingly anxious to promote and extend the benefits which he was confident must arise from the permanent establishment of the Mechanics' Institution. He ob- served, that in the new Custom-house now in progress, there was a room constructing which was intended for a museum, and that he should be most happy to appropriate that to the-use of the Institution as a lecture-room, toge- ther with an anti-room for their books, models, and other property. With refe- rence to the application for pecuniary assistance, His Excellency said, that he would propose a vote to the Legislative Council when they met, and that any sum which that body might determine upon would meet with his ready concur- rence. Ile thought, however, that 150/. per annum would be as much as the pre- sent exigencies would enable him to pro- pose, until the Institution was provided with the room in question, and after that period he should consider 100/. per annum sufficient. Mr. Stephen thanked His Ex- cellency for the very liberal views which he entertained towards the Institution, and the deputation took leave of Sir John highly gratified with the result of their interview. A man, named William Martin, was shot on Monday week last, in an attempt to break into the house of Wil- liam Garratty, who resides in a hut on the estate of Mr. Hopkins, on the Coal river. The particulars are as follow: - In consequence of his hut having been robbed during his absence, about nine weeks' since, Garratty was on his guard, the more especially of late, as he knew that an absconder, named Leatherbo- rough, who, it seems bore him some pique, was in the neighbourhood. He was still more induced to be watchful, as the stock-keeper's hut was robbed on Friday last, as was suspected, by Leather- borough. On Monday morning, the 27th instant, about two o'clock, Garratty awoke and heard his dog bark, and at the same time heard the latch of the door stir. His wife pushed him with her elbow, but he placed his hand upon her to motion her to be quiet; he then got up, taking his gun with him, and went to the door. On asking who was there? a man replied, it is me. Garratty asked who it was, and was answered, William Taylor. He then asked the man what he wanted, and on being de- sired to open the door refused. Two men then attempted to force the door open, and another went round to the window and knocked it in, the others joining him there. Garratty then placed himself near the window, through which he observed that a gun was pointed. In about a minute a man partly got in with his feet upon the table; but Garratty, who had placed his gun by his side, and seized a pole, struck him a blow which knocked him back through the window. On his falling another man attempted to get in, upon which Garratty seized his gun and fired at him. Garratty observed his hat fall off, and the man wheeled round. Another man then crossed the window and laid hold of the part next to where Garratty stood, upon which the latter discharged his second barrel at him. After this the men went round to the end of the hut and appeared to consult together. For a little time Garratty looked through the window, and perceiving no one jumped out, and went for assistance to Mr. Hopkins' house, about three hundred yards dis- tant. While absent from his hut, the man he had shot was found by one of Mr. Hopkins' servants, who had been roused by Garratty, about a hundred and fifty yards from the hut of the last. On being conveyed to the hut he lingered about two hours, and then died. The entire charge bad entered the left side, and some of the slugs passed through the intestines to the right hip. On searching his person two knifes were found in his pocket, apparently intended for defence. An inquest was held upon the body, and a verdict brought in of Justifiable Homicide. Martin was in such pain that it was impossible to elicit much information from him. He told his name, and said he should not have advanced to the window after the first, shot, if Leatherborough had not called him a coward, thus proving beyond a doubt that this man was with him. Lealherborough and two other absconders were apprehended the same day some miles from Mr. Hopkins', one of them had received a blow, which blackened his eye, in all likelihood from the pole used by Garratty, whose conduct throughout the affair was cool and determined, and called forth the approbation of the jury. 