Domestic Intelligence. GERMAN MISSION TO THE ABORI- GINES. A PUBLIC Meeting was held at the Pulteney Hotel, on the evening of Friday the 18th instant, to take into consideration the origin, the circum- stances, and the claims of the German Mission to the Aborigines at Moreton Bay, Charles William Roemer, Esq., a native of Germany, in the chair. The meeting was commenced with prayer by the Rev. William McIntyre, of the Scots Church, Sydney, after which the chairman explained its objects in a neat and appropriate address to the following effect: Ladies and Gentlemen, - I consider this one of the happiest moments of my life, to see myself surrounded by so numerous and respectable an assembly. This meeting has been convened to make the Australian public acquainted with the German mission to the Aboriginal natives of this colony, and to deliberate on the adoption of such means as will assist, and if possible, ensure suc- cess to the labours of the missionaries. On the head of the mission we find the Rev. Messrs. Eipper and Schmidt, for whose arrival in this colony we are indebted to the Rev. Mr. Gossner, in Berlin, further, to Mr. Jackson in London, ultimately to our friend the Rev. Dr. Lang, who is always most anxious to promote the interests of this colony. The introduction of these German friends, anxious as they are to Christian- ise the aborigines will be most gratifying to every philanthropist, particularly when it appears that they are assisted by fifteen laymen, capable of teaching the natives useful mechanical occupa- tions, and adopting thus a different system from any previous course pursued for their conversion. It is well known and must be much lamented, that though the colony has been inhabited half a century by Europeans, but little good has been effected in the conversion and civilization of the aborigines. Several efforts have been at various times made, but almost in vain, these failures have been attributed to many causes, difficult to ascertain; nor is this a time to allude to them more minutely. It is however most pleasing to observe, that the present mission which is estab- lishing at Moreton Bay; offers every prospect of better success, and several gentlemen who will follow me on this subject, will explain to you how far I am justified in my hopes. What can be more cheering to our mind than to know a time is approaching at last when some few of the helpless aborigines of Australia may be converted into useful members of society, in lieu of being fugitives and homeless in their native land, and as hitherto fast disappearing from the face of the earth. The latter is certainly a most melancholy reflection. I am sure you are all most anxious no efforts should be spared to avert the continua- tion of this evil. Your presence at this meeting is the best evidence of your charitable intentions on behalf of the aborigines, you will therefore par- don me if I abstain from further appealing to your benevolence, and be pleased to accept of my thanks for your indulgent hearing. The Rev. Karl Wilhelm Edward Schmidt, of the Universities of Halle and Berlin, one of the two ordained German missionaries, then moved the following Resolution: That it is the firm belief and confident expectation of this Meeting that the preaching of the gospel, having been appointed by divine wisdom, will be made effectual by divine power and grace, for the conversion and salvation of sinners of "every nation and kindred, and tongue, and people," into whatever depth of intellectual and moral degradation they may have fallen. In moving this Resolution Mr. Schmidt spoke nearly as follows: My Christian Friends, - "God our Saviour will have all men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth" These words of the holy Apostle Paul show us incontestably that we have to consider the Christian missionary's work as a work of God. It is the express will of God that all men shall be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. For this purpose the Almighty God sent even his only begotten Son "into the world. For this very purpose Jesus Christ appeared on earth. He shall be a Saviour and Redeemer not of one people, but of all na- tions, of all men. This high destination of Jesus Christ had been already revealed by the prophets of the Old Testament: the Eternal God had de clared by the mouth of Isaiah, that I may men- tion but one of the thousand promises -" It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant, to raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel. I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the ehd of the earth." Remem- bering such a promise, the just and devout Simeon, taking the Saviour up in his trembling amis, could bless God, and say concerning him, "Thou hast prepared him before the face of all people, a light to lighten the Gentiles, aud the glory of thy people Israel." And the Lord him self declares before the Jews, in the most decided words, "Other sheep I have, which are not of this fold, them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold and shepherd.'' And, after his resurrection, he teaches his disciples - "Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day; and that repentance and re- mission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem." And, before his ascension to heaven, he gives to his disciples the express command, "Go and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." There is, therefore, my dear friends, not the slightest doubt that Jesus Christ shall be an- nounced to all the nations; his gospel shall be preached every where, and by his truth all men shall be saved - that is the will of God our Saviour. Now, my friends, a work which, like that of the Christian missionary, has for its very object to realise this purpose of Divine love and mercy, to promote the kingdom of God, to preach the gospel among the Gentiles "who sit in dark- ness and in the shadow of death," who do not yet know Jesus Christ, their Redeemer, and his blessed word, - such a work deserves surely to be called a work of God. "God our Saviour will have all men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth." These words of the holy Apostle must impress deeply the heart of every Christian man. God wills it, that is enough to direct our attention to the eight hundred millions of immortal souls that sit either in hardness, like the unbelieving Jews, or, like the heathen, sit in darkness or in the shadow of death, and to all the abominations of idolatry, live with out light, without consolation, without peace, and without hope. God wills it, that is enough to make us obedient to his commandment, - "Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I shall show thee." "Go ye and teach all na- tious, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." God wills it, that is enough to exhort us that we may put our hands to the blessed work - to the missionary plough-mak- ing, first of all, supplications, prayers, and inter- cessions for all men, that they may return more and more to him who is the shepherd and bishop of our souls. God wills it, that is enough to convince every unprejudiced man that our going out of our country and our coming into this co- lony, that our present meeting, and our missionary work is, a work not of men, but a work of God. And, my dear friends, the Christian missionary's work is not at all some new, and, till now, un- heard of enterprise, but rather as old as Chris- tianity itself. The author and beginner of it is our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and he has left us in this also an example that we should follow his steps. For was he not a messenger of salvation? Did he not in his own person bring us the gos- pel ? Did he not call to all sinners, "Repent ye and believe the gospel?"' The Lord himself began the missionary work - in his school the first Christian missionaries were formed - from him his disciples have received the commission to continue with zeal in his name the work com- menced by himself - "As my Father has sent me, even so send I you." He spoke to them, and so St. Paul, separated by him to the ministry, among the heathen. "Unto the Gentiles now I send thee to open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power ot Satan unto God, that they may receive forgive- ness ofsins, and inheritance among them, which are sanctified by faith, that is in me." And how since that first introduction of Christianity into the world, the missionary work has been con- tinued without interruption through all the cen- turies until our days, the history of the Christian Church sufficiently teaches us. What were, my brethren, our ancestors in our British and Ger- man native countries? They were Gentiles car- ried away unto dumb idols, even as they were led. And unto whom else have we to give thanks, but unto Christian missionaries, that our fathers have been delivered from the power of darkness and that they have been translated into the kingdom of our blessed Lord and Saviour; and that we, their descendants, are surrounded with light, with the bright light of the gospel? My Christian brethren, our work is as old as Christianity itself. It has gone on through all ages and it will not have an end, before the great day appears, which the holy prophet of God .promised; "the earth shall be full pf the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea, for God our Saviour will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth." If our work were new, and if we had no other authority for it, but that of our own will, verily we should not have left our country, kindred, and our father's houses, and it would have been better for you, my dear friends, not to have a meeting for the support of this work and not to put your hands to this plough. But now, because we know God wills it, and because it is so ancient, there fore it is our most sacred duty to obey the call of God our Saviour; " go ye and teach all nations," and to have compassion on the misery of our poor fellow- creatures, which cried loudly in our hearts: "come over and help us;" and it is your Christian duty too, to engage in this holy work of God, to support us always earnestly with all prayers and supplications in the spirit that utter- ance may be given unto us, that we may open our mouths boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel. Yes my dear friends, we exhort you in the name of our Lord, to assist us in the high work, which demands the joyful and quick co- operation of every Christian man. Are not you Christians ? Are you Christians only in name, or in deed and in truth? If the latter is the case, then you know from your own experience the blessed state of a Christian man. Then you know, what salvation in Christ Jesus is, and what bles- sings we can enjoy for time and eternity in com- munion with him. How could it therefore be, that a deep pain would not penetrate you, when you remember, that 800,000,000 of souls do not know their Saviour! How could it fail to be your earnest desire, that all men - therefore also the black natives of this colony, might come unto the knowledge of the truth. Oh if all Christians were Christians indeed, and gave themselves to that great work, how quickly would the light break through the darkness of heathenism. United powers work much under the blessed assistance of God. "You deal your bread to the hungry, distributing to the necessity of saints." Help them also, that the hunger and thirst of immortal souls after the bread and water of life maybe re- moved, and have pity on the poor, blind and dead heathen round about you I and do help to promote this work of God with your ardent prayers, with your advice, and with your deeds, that by and by the will of God may be done on earth as it is in heaven, and that in this way all men may be saved and come unto the knowledge of the truth. Rise I Christians all, come on and join with the armies of God,,to fight against the kingdom and power of Satan, that the truth may conquer on earth! Gather in faith around the holy banner of the Cross and pray the Lord, that his word may run, that his name be known among the nations, that according to the German translation of the 4th, verse of the 110th Psalm, "his children may be born like the dew in the morning;" that at the name of Jesus every knee may bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth,:and that every tongue may con- fess, that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the father. Yes, O Lord our God and Sa- viour, give thy word; let the company be great of those that publish it. Be our protection and our rock, our strength and our confidence. In thee O Lord, do we put our trust, let us never. be ashamed. Let thy beauty be upon us, and establish thout the work of' our hands upon us, yea, the work of our hands, establish thou it. Amen.· Mr. Schmidt's address was listened to with the deepest attention by the meeting, and appeared to produce a powerful effect. His knowledge of the English language, acquired in the short time he has had any opportunity of studying it, is truly astonishing, and affords a pleasing anticipa- tion of the progress he is likely to make in the ruder dialects of the Aborigines of New Hol- land. When Mr. Schmidt arrived in Greenock to take his passage to this colony per the ship Minerva, he could not speak one word of Eng- lish, and during his voyage out the party of Ger- mans on board that vessel was too numerous to afford him the requisite facilities for acquiring a foreign tongue. But he has evidently been a diligent and most successful student since his arrival in the colony. Mr. Schmidt's motion was seconided by the Rev. W. P. Crook, of whose speech we are sorry we can only afford the following brief outline: The second Resolution, which was moved by the Rev. W. McIntyre, and seconded by Mr. McLure, of Sydney, was as follows, viz. That the inhabitants of this colony are under strong and peculiar obligations, both as citizens and as Christ- tians, to send the gospel of the peace of God to the aboriginal natives of the country, and to maintain the dispensation of its ordinances. The Rev. W. McIntyre spoke to the following effect:-- In the Resolution which has just been passed, the Aborigines of this contirinent are presented to us as capable of being raised by the Gospel and the grace of God, from the state of deep degra- dation into which they are sunk, to the dignity and privileges of Christians. By passing that Resolution we have declared that we regard them in this light; that we look upon them as sinners that may be saved, as possessing immortal souls capable of having the divine image impressed upon them - of being restored to spiritual life, and adorned with the beauty of holiness. And it is the more necessary that, as the Resolution expresses it, this be our "firm belief," as the contrary opinion is not only entertained and avowedly acted upon by many, but is very apt to insinuate itself so far even into the minds of those who upon the whole regret it, that, although it do not in their case prevent, it will render feeble, and hesitating the efforts of Christian philanthropy on behalf of this degraded portion of our fellow creatures. The question for our decision is whether the Aborigines are human beings or brute beasts; not whether they are human beings capable of salvation or human beings incapable of it. Any such inquiry would be absurd and monstrous in the highest degree. It forms an essential and indestructible feature of human nature that, though it may exist, as melancholy fact proves, without thie divine image, it cannot exist incapable of it. To admit, there- fore, that the aboriginal natives of this territory are men, and, at the same time, to deny that they are capable of salvation by the grace of God, is a foul slander upon humanity. If they are incapable of salvation they are not men but brutes. And, on the other hand, if they are capable of salvation, if there is nothing in their nature or state that renders their restoration to the divine image an absolute impossibility, or in other words, they are men and not brutes, is it too hard for the power and grace of God to effect their salvation? As you have thus expressed your firm belief the Aborigines may be saved, your attention is called in the resolution which I have risen to move, to the obligations under which you lie, both as citizens and christians, to send to them the gospel of the grace of God, and to maintain among them the dispensation of its ordinances. These obligations it describes as "strong and peculiar," and with the view of evincing that they are so I beg to submit to you the following considerations. To glorify God is our great duty, and the ac- tions we perform are no further morally good than they are referred by us, and in their own nature subservient to this end. Now, of all that takes place in this lower world, the salvation of sinners most promotes the glory of God; nay, were it not for the fact that sinners are saved from among men, the very existence of the world lying in wickedness would be inconsistent with his glory. If he permitted universal rebellion, while the permission of it was in no way con- nected with an accomplishment of any important object, it would seem to imply that he did not hate or was unable to punish the wickedness of his creatures. Such being the connexion of the gospel with the advancement of the divine glory, we are bound by every consideration which en- gages us to seek that glory, to exert ourselves to the utmost of our power to diffuse the knowledge of the gospel and bring our fellow sinners under, its saving influence. And surely when we reflect that those who are now groaning under the most aggravated form of savage wretcheduess, and in the midst of this wretchedness, hastening forward to the final destiny of all "who know not God," are capable of being raised, and may under the divine blessing, be raised by our efforts to the present privileges and enjoyments, and to a well grounded hope of the future blessedness of the true Chris- tian, if we shall not, on hearing the inquiry "whom shall I send, and who will go for us?" reply with the prophet, "here am I, send me;" we shall at least support to the utmost of our power those who have so replied. To these considerations it must be added that as we have been brought into close contact with them by divine providence, upon us - upon the people of this colony - more than upon any others devolves the responsibility of caring for their souls. If we shall care for the souls of any of the heathen, we must care for theirs first, and if any are to care for their souls the strongest obligation lies upon us. And besides all this, do not the inhabitants of this colony occupy the land which providence assigned to them, and shall no portion of the wealth derived from it be applied for the benefit of the original proprietors? Or shall we pretend that their right was invalidated by their inability to assert it? Such a plea is obviously repugnant to every principle of justice and humanity; nor can we in any way defend ourselves from the charge of having unjustly seized upon their pro-. perty, unless we act in a manner as trustees and curators for them, causing a greater benefit to arise to them from our occupation of their terri- tory, than they could have derived from the undisturbed possession by themselves. Thus are we bound by the strongest possible obligations, both as Christians and as citizens, to employ every means in our power to promote the spiritual interests of the Aboriginal natives of this country. God must be glorified in all his creatures, and, as regards the human race, it is necessary in order to this, that as they have re- volted, they be either saved through Christ or "punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power," and accordingly, unless we are disposed and at liberty to seek the glory of God in the perdition of our fellow-men, we can seek it only in their salvation; and are, therefore, bound by every obligation, by which we are bound to seek it at all, to seek it in this way. It is true, indeed, that when the judgment of the day has disclosed that the perdition of a cer- tain portion of our race in punishment of their rebellion is necessary to the divine glory all holy creatures will acquiesce, - but until that awful disclosure is made, we must fulfil the law of love in both its branches at once by seek- ing that all men may be saved, and come unto the knowledge of the truth, and that God may, thus be glorified, and if, therefore, we are indif- ferent to the salvation of sinners, or make but few and feeble efforts to promote it, we are equally unconcerned about the divine glory. He that loves the Lord his God with all his heart, loves his neighbour as himself. But when we apply this argument to the case of the Aborigines of this country, it assumes a still stronger form. The very depth of the de- gradation into which they have sunk, and from which so many would argue, that they are Inca- pable of salvation will be regarded by the Chris- tian philanthropist as laying him under increased obligation to do what in him lies, that the Gospel may be proclaimed to them. Their unusually degraded state affords an opportunity for an un- usually glorious display of the power of divine grace, and therefore our desire to send them the Gospel onght to be proportionally strong. If we are actuated by a zealous regard for tile glory of God, it must be so. Nothing, as we formerly observed, promotes his glory so much as the conversion and salvation of sinners, and if the Australian Aborigines are the most degraded of our race, their's will promote it most. It thus appears, that love to God and zeal for his glory, demand from us in this case the most vigorous efforts and true philanthropy does the same. And here again the argument derives increased strength and cogency from the fact, that those on whose behalf we employ it occupy the lowest known, and perhaps, the lowest con- ceivable position of savage wretchedness, and degradation. It is not in this case from the general evils of the savage state that we are called upon to deliver our fellow-men, but from the peculiar wretchediiess which characterizes the condition of the Australian savage. The third Resolution, to the following effect, was moved by the Rev. Dr. Lang, and seconded by Mr. Robert Campbell; 3\. That, regarding the German Mission to the Aborigines at Moreton Bay as well adapted, under the Divine blessing, for the accomplishment of this object, this meeting is of opinion that the obligations referred to in the preceding Resolution cannot be better discharged than by the cordial and efficient support of that mission. In moving this Resolution Dr. Lang observed that when he left this colony for England, nearly two years ago, it was strongly impressed upon his mind that during the half century that this terri- tory had been in the possession of Protestant Europeans, scarcely anything worth mentioning had ever been done to solve the great problem to which his esteemed friend and brother had just been alluding, viz., whether the aboriginal native of this continent was a man, capable of having the Divine image reimpressed upon his person and character, and of rising to the highest level of civilized humanity, or merely an irrational agent like the beasts that perish. And the consequence of this state of things was the general prevalence of a latent spirit of infidelity, even among pro- fessing Christians in the colony, in regard to the Aborigines, through which they were tacitly set down as incapable of Christianization and civili- zation, annd left to perishl like their fellow creatures the brutes. Now, although the failure of all attempts on behalf of the Aborigines of this territory might be owing, in no small degree, to the sort of example which has been set before the Aborigines generally by the European inhabitants of the colony, whether free or bond, and to their coming into most fre- quent contact, in the remote interior as well as in the colonial towns, with the vilest of the vile, he was strongly of opinion that there had been something wrong in the way in which philanthro- pic and missionary efforts on behalf of these children of the forest had generally been con- ducted in this colony. And believing the divine testimony that God made of one blood all the nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and that the black native of New Holland was consequently a child of Adam as well as ourselves, bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh, and looking, moreover, for the accomplishment of the divine prediction that there should be men of every kindred and tongue and people and nation to sit down with Abraham and Isaac and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven, he could not but con- sider it as exactly desirable that a further effort should be made on behalf of these miserable outcasts of humanity, and more in accordance with the principles of Scriptural Christianity. With this view Dr. Lang observed that shortly after his arrival in England, he endeavoured to excite an interest on behalf of the Aborilred to this colony both in Scotland and in the North of Ireland, but without success, although he had previously obtained a pledge of assistance from the Government in the event of the establishment of a mission to the Aborigines; under the manage- ment of that section of the Protestant Christian Church which he belonged to, provided it should be of a permanent character and should promise success. He had afterwards occasion to visit the continent of Europe, and on his return to London he unexpectedly found to his great pleasure that divine providence had been working out the accomplishment of the object he had had in view in a very remarkable manner. A German Mis- sionary who had been educated at the Missionary College of Basle in Switzerland, and had come to London to be appointed to one of the Church of England Society's Missions, had just at that very time been suddenly thrown upon the wide world in a foreign land and in the midst of strangers, in consequence of his conscientious scruples to receive Episcopal ordination and to take an oath of implicit obedience to an English Bishop previous to his appointment. For not being allowed in consequence of some recent law of the Society to receive ordination according to the forms of the Lutheran Church which approxi- mate much more closely to those of the Church of Scotland, he preferred suffering affliction by throwing himself entirely upon the good provi- dence of God in the midst of London to doing what his conscience disapproved. With this Missionary, the Rev. Mr. Eipper, now at More- ton Bay, Dr. Lang became acquainted through a mutual friend in London, Samuel Jackson, Esq, of Herne Hill, a gentleman who had been long in Germany, and who now devotes his talents and fortune'to the cause of Christian philan- thropy - and on inviting him to undertake a mission to the Aborigines of this territory at Moreton Bay, under the auspices of the colonial Presbyterian communion, he assented at once. At the same time Mr. Jackson placed in Dr. Lang's hands the following letter, which he had just received from the Rev. Mr. Gossner, an eminent minister of the gospel in Berlin, who had formerly been a Roman Catholic priest, but who now employs himself, in addition to his pastoral duties, as a Protestant minister, in train- ing up young men of the right spirit and character as missionaries to the heathen. To this letter Dr. Lang replied, at Mr. Jackson's suggestion, by inviting the candidate of Theology, the Rev, Mr. Schmidt, who had just addressed the meet- ing with so much acceptance - and the whole of the lay missionaries to undertake a mission to the Aborigines of New Holland at the settlement of Moreton Bay; guaranteeing all the necessary expenses. This offer was at once joyfully ac- cepted, and the whole of these missionaries, viz., two ordained missionaries with their wives, six married and four unmarried missionaries had ar- rived sometime ago in the colony by the ship Minerva. Mr. and Mrs. Eipper, with ten of the lay missionaries had already proceeded to their destination by the Government schooner, Isa- bella; Mr. and Mrs. Schmidt, with the remaining five (one having died of typhus fever at the Quarantine Station) being now ready to follow them by the first opportunity, The German Mission to the Aborigines, Dr. L. continued, was different in this respect from all preceding efforts on behalf of the black natives of this continent, that it had no connection with any European society, whatever. The German MIissionaries had come forth like Abraham, at the call of God, from their country, their kindred, and their fathers' houses, to spend and to be spent in the service of the Lord Jesus, their beloved master, on behalf of . the benighted heathen of Australia; casting themselves for their temporal support entirely on God's good providence and the Christian public of this colony. In regard to their fitness for the arduous work they had thus voluntarily undertaken, he was enabled to state that the two ordained missionaries were men of superior talent and education; who had not come to this colony merely to eat a piece of bread, it being evident that if they had chosen they could easily have obtained employment at home. They did not esteem their talents and acquirements, however, too good for the work in which they were to be engaged as missionaries to the abori- gines of this territory. On the contrary, they considered these talents and acquirements well spent, if spent in any part of the Christian vine- yard, if spent in the service of their divine master, and especially if spent in making known his blessed gospel to the benighted heathen. And in regard to the lay missionaries, they were evi- dently all possessed of the same spirit, anxious mainly to employ themselves in whatever manner their services might be found available, for the furtherance of their great work. That work Dr. L. continued, was unquestion- ably an arduous work. To set the gospel to the task of elevating the savage man, roaming through the wilderness of Australia, and scarcely, if at all superior to the beasts that perish around him, to elevate that savage man to the highest level of civilised humanity, to transform him into a son of God and an heir of the kingdom of heaven, was doubtless the severest test to which the power of that gospel has ever been applied: and the tri- umph, if it should prove adequate to that task, as he believed it would, on the authority of the divine promise and declaration, would be corres- pondingly great and glorious. To speak the truth, however, the real difficulties in the way of the gospel of our salvation were not greater in the case of the savage than in that of the European. There is the same determined spirit of resistance to the wisdom and the power of God, the same evil heart of unbelief in the one case as in the other. There is need in both cases for that sword of the spirit which is divinely tempered in the armoury of God. There is nothing short of Om- nipotence that can bear down the determined front of resistance in the one case any more than in the other. With respect to the expense of the mission, Dr. Lang observed that the Right Honourable the Secretary of State had advanced £450l. in En- gland, for the outfit and passage of the educated missionaries, and that the sum of £165l. had been allowed in the shape of bounties, to aid in de- fraying the expence of the passage of the lay missionaries. An additional outlay, however, had been necessary, and obligations had conse- quently to be contracted to meet it; but these were by no means considerable, especially con- sidering the great number of the missionaries, and the land journey and expences in Scotland previous to the commnpncement of the voyage. In 'hort, it might very safely be asserted that so large a number of missionaries'had never been carried to their field of labour from so vast a distance at less expense. And as there was reason to believe that the Colonial Government would grant salaries to the ordained missionaries, while the lay mis- sionaries would, in all likelihood, greatly lessen the expense of the mission, both at its first es- tablishment and in its subsequent progress, by their manual labour, it was only necessary for the Christian public of the colony to give it the first impulse to set its moral machinery in motion, as its subsequent annual cost, he was quite con- fidnt, would be comparatively small. Rev. W. P. Crook, in seconding the motion, said in substance, as follows:- The Aborigines of this country have indeed fallen into the greatest depths ot intellectual and moral degradation. That their appearance is disgusting, and their habits filthy and debasing, needs no proof. Those who have come into contact with our conntrymen, are made ten fold more the children of hell than they were before. In heathenism the mind is enslaved and the in- tellect chained down, so that the man has no will of his own, but submits implicitly to the will of his superior chief. (Here the reverend gentleman gave some interesting narratives illus- trative of the state and character of the Abori- gines, which we are sorry our space will not ena- us to give). The heathen are so sunk in ig- norance as to have no idea of moral guilt. They have a word for sin, but it signifies only an offence against the priests and their idolatrous customs. To rob and plunder is with them no crime, for they have a god of thieves, of whom they tell long tales, similar to our ballads of Robin Hood, and to him they pray for success in their nocturnal depredations. War, murder, adultery, fornication, and all uncleanness, are with them no crime; for they are perfectly con- sistent with their gross mythology. (Here Mr. Crook gave another very amusing anecdote of heathen superstition). The Aborigines of this country are sunk below the common level. My own feelings, after spending many years as a missionary, would lead me to prefer being set down as a missionary on any one of the islands, however savage, rather than to be placed among this people; yet, if I had a clear call to this work, I would engage in it, not without fear and trembling, crying mightily to God for help and assistance. As the natives are so deeply degraded, filthy, and disgusting, hateful and hating one another, having no houses and no certain dwelling place; what do we propose doing for them? We pro= pose to raise them from their debased state, to elevate them in the scale of society, to teach them what sin is as committed against our common father, to show them from whence all their mi- series come, to direct them and lead them to the remedy, so that they may follow the example of the islanders who sit at the feet of their teachers, clothed and in their right mind; our desire is that they may be brought into a state of happi- ness, peace, and prosperity, equal to the most favoured among ourselves in this life, and that in the world to come they may be m'ade as the angels of God. Now, how is this mighty work to be effected? Some will tell us that we must humanise them and civilise them, before we can do them any good. That plan has been tried, and has always failed. Idolatry is so mixed up with all the common actions of life, that no precept or exam- pie can move them. The civilizing plan was tried first at New Zea- land; some mechanics were placed there under Messrs. Kendall, Hall, and King, the authorised catechisers. We called there on our way to the islands, in January, 1816, and the master of the ship was ordered, among other things, to leave a cask of ardent spirits. This caused a fearful scene to be exhibited among the natives. The natives, under the influence of intoxication, went on firing guns in all directions. We were obliged to remain on board the ship, but even there we were not safe, for a shot from one of their guns, lodged in the side of the vessel in which we were. I ask, then, how is this mighty work to be effected? It is our firm belief and confident expectation, that proper means will be made effectual, and when it shall please God to bring it to pass, it will be the most remarkable work that has been witnessed for ages. The present motion says, the preaching of the Gospel has been appointed by divine wisdom for this purpose. This will do the work, and no- thing else will. The language must be learned, the scriptures translated, and the natives taught to read it; and the Gospel must be preached to them at all seasons. These are the means ap- pointed by divine wisdom; but they are only the means, and cannot of themselves prove effectual. Although the missionary could preach like an angel, and the natives could at once hear and un- derstand, something more would still be neces- ary. The spirit and blessing of God are indis- pensable to render effectual thie most laudable efforts of man. This is the point on which much will turn; for a Paul may plant and Apollos water in vain, if God withhold the increase. We want the manifestation of the exceeding great- ness of God's power to accompany the word, and the grace of Our Lord Jesus Christ to convey these truths to the breast by his Holy Spirit. The missionaries, therefore, should ever be look- ing up to God for his blessing upon their endea- vour. It will be well for them to leave their va- luables in a place of safety, and go into the inte- rior, build up walls of turf, and cover them with bark, and put up with every inconvenience at first. This is no more than many settlers do who are in pursuit of wealth. Our part will be, to lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble knees, and to help the missionaries by our constant and fervent prayers. The friends of the cause will also be required to contribute of their substance for tlhe support of the missionaries, to defray the expenses of travelling, and to furnish tools for the various handicrafts which they are to exercise in connexion with the scheme. For these purposes, and towards this great object, I trust we shall all cheerfully contribute, each ac- cording to his ability. The fourth Resolution, to the following effect, was moved by the Rev. Thomas Dugall, via: That, with the view of giving it such support, a society be formed by this meeting, which shall be de- nominated "The New South Wales Society in aid of the German Mission to the Aborigines." It was to promote this glorious work that Our Saviour left the abodes of glory and bliss, and submitted to poverty, ignominy, and death. It was to support this cause that he bled, and groaned, and died, beneath the overwhelming load of the sins of a guilty world, It was to promote this cause, too, that he arose from the dead, and ascended on High leading captivity captive. If we have imbibed his spirit (and if we have not an apostle has told us that we are none of his), we will be able to comprehend in some measure what it is for a soul to be saved, and a soul to be lost - what it is to have the image of God restored to us, and brought from feeding on prodigal's husks, to eat of that bread which is in our father's house and to spare - what it is to enjoy the society of angels and blessed Spirits throughout the growing ages of eternity. We will be able to comprehend, too, in some measure, the will of Christ. What an awful an awful thing it is to have no peace of con- science, no joy in believing on earth, to be doomed to the society of demons, and banished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord and the glory of his power, when time shall be no more.. The true Christian will be able to account for the importance which Our Saviour attaches to the missionary cause, and to know why it is that he has placed a record at the end of the Gospel, with this command to mi- nisers of the Cross: -"Go preach the Gospel unto all nations, and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Our conduct is strangely inconsistent as re- gards the missionary cause. We acknowledge the authority of Scripture, that the world is to be converted by human agency, and yet we re- main at ease in Zion as if nothing were to be done on our part. We acknowledge the Bible to contain a revelation from God, and yet we frequently treat its commands - especially when they go to restrain our indulgences or call for a portion of the substance which Providence has bestowed on us, - as if they were idle tales. how strange and inconsistent is our conduct, when we pray ourselves, and teach our children to pray "thy kingdom come," and yet make no effort nor give no money that this kingdom might come. We all acknowledge that the writings of the Apostle Paul are a part of the sacred Canon, and yet how few of us are willing like him to to devote our time, our talents, our labours, in the missionary work. To promote this cause he was in perils by day and night, in perils by sea and land, in perils by the heathen, exposed to the privations of hunger and thirst, of cold and na- kedness; yet he informs us, "that none of these things moved him, neither counted he his life dear unto him, so that he might finish his course with joy, and testify to the world the Gospel of the Grace of God." The wretched natives of this territory have been described in a letter sent home a few years since, and we believe their condition is not much better yet, "as wandering about in tribes without houses or any fixed residence, living literally de- void of all forecast or reflection, as the fowls of the air and the beasts of the field; subsisting from day to day by a precarious search for wild roots or plants; and the effect of their rude spear, barbed with bone, with which they hunt the kangaroo and opossum, which they ravenously devour half baked in the ashes of their fires, with both skin and entrails." Now the object of this mission is to bring these wanderers of the forest of moral destitution and death (as it has been beautifully expressed to night) to the fold of Jesus, and to present them to the eye of civilized and Christian life, clothed, and in their right mind. You have been forcibly told to night this truth, (and I hope you feel its constraining power,) that you only discharge your duty to God, and fulfil your obligations to these miserable sons and daughters of Adam, by giving them for their land which you now cultivate, the pearl of great price - the gospel of salvation which you enjoy. No parent, surely, under the influ- ence. of Christian knowledge and feeling, will maintain that he discharges his duty to his off- spring when he supplies them merely with food and raiment, without paying any attention to the spiritual wants of their immortal souls, - Neither do you, my friends, discharge your duty to the Aborigines of this terrnitory by giving them merely wherewithal to eat, and wherewithal to drink, so long as you allow their souls to suffer hunger in the midst of abundance, and to famish at a feast when there is bread enough in your Father's house, and to spare. We have every reason to believe that our Ger- man brethren go to the rude natives possessed of the right spirit, which the Divine Being has pro- mised to honour and bless. If they have this spirit, they have enlisted on their side the power of God; for all power is given unto the Saviour in heaven and earth. They have the spiritual presence of Jesus with them, for his own promise is, "Go preach the gospel, and lo I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Let it be our prayer, then, that the power and presence of Jesus may go with them, that the work of the Lord may prosper in their hands, and that many, through their instrumentality, may be turned from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan to the living God. 5\. While donations and sbscriptions of any amount will be received, the following shall be the laws of the Society:- 1\. An annual subscription of £1l, shall constitute a member of the Society. . 2\. The management of the Society shall be entrust- ed to a Treasurer, Secretary, and Committee of seven members, to be elected by the Society at its annual meeting, of whom three shall be a quorum. 3\. The Society shall hold an annual meeting at some convenient time, to be fixed by the Committee, or receiving the report and electing office bearers. 6\. That the following gentlemen be the members of the Committee for the following year: - Rev. Dr. Lang, Rev. Thomas Dug-all, Rev. W. P. Crook, W. C. Roemer, Esq., Mr. Peterson, Mr. Maelzer, Rev. W. McIntyre, Secretary, W. Wright, ,Esq. Treasurer. With power to add to their number. 7\. That the Committee be authorised to correspond with ministers in the interior for the formation of Auxiliary Societies in their respective districts. 8\. That the Committee be authorised to memorialise his Excellency the Governor and the Legislative Council for assistance towards the furtherance of the objects of this Society from the Colonial Treasury. The thanks of the meeting were then voted to Mr. Roemer, for his conduct in the chair, and to Mr. Levien, for granting the use of his large hall free of cost. The meeting in connexion with the German Mission was remarkable for three things: 1\. It was the first public meeting we have seen in this colony commenced and closed with prayer. 2\. The usual appendages of patrons and vice patrons, presidents and vice presidents, life mem- bers and honorary members, were entirely dis- pensed with; the only office bearers of the So- ciety being a Secretary and Treasurer, and a Committee of seven. 3\. The sum of £148 14s. was raised at the meeting in donations and subscriptions - the largest sum, we believe, that was ever.raised.in the colony on such an occasion. THE GOVERNOn.-His Excellency the Go vernor paid a visit to the Sydney Gaol on Friday, and personally inspected all its parts. He ex pressed himself pleased with the management of the prison, but considered the building stood in need of various repairs. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL.-It is understood, that the Executive has been sitting for some days back on important private business belonging to Government. Among other things it seems, that some investigation has been taking place in re gard to certain charges against Colonel Wilson, as Chief Magistrate of Police. M1ORE LIGhT --The Gas Company, we have little doubt, will, in the course of time, extend its illuminatiug influence over all the streets of our metropolis; and then, with a decent and efficient police, we may expect that fewer assaults and robberies will be committed by night in the town of Sydney. But in order to give the gradually, and in the mean time to prevent as much as possible the danger of walking the streets in the dark, we really think that the Government would not be blamed with undue or unnecessary expenditure of the public funds, were they to order a few additional lamps to be set up and lighted in every street in the town. This would be regarded as an essential benefit to the public. ScuiooL OF INDUSTRY.-The annual sale of ladies' fancy work, in aid of the funds of the Female School of Industry, has been advertised to be held at that establishment on Friday the 25th instant; and it is to be hoped that, besides the attractions of the sale itself, the benevolent and highly useful object of the Institution, for the benefit of which it will take place, will in duce many who can well spare a little money for so good a purpose, to spend it liberally on this occasion. LITHOGRAPHIC LIKENESSES.-There are ex hibited in the shop of Mr. Clint, the engraver in George Street, several beautiful specimens of lithographic likenesses of some of the leading beauties of Australia. They are richly and ex quisitely drawn on stone, and consequently any given number of the same impression can be taken. They are Worthy of inspection; and as we consider that every thing in the line of the fine arts should be encouraged among us, we conceive that this style of portraiture should attract the notice, and share the patronage, of the aristocracy of the colony. To them the merito rious artist should not look in vain for favour and liberal support. These performances are not the work of Mr. Clint, but of a friend of his, who does them to his order. FURNITURE.-We are requested by Mr. Heb blewhite to state, that the very extensive collection of English furniture will be sold this day by him at eleven o'clock, without the least reserve. 