Original Correspondence. XDOX.ATAY. No. V. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, I said in my former letter that the Roman Catholic Clergy would not suffer their votaries to look into the Bible ; I may correct this assertion by saying that they profess to let their laity read it accompanied by their notes and comments ; but, alas, even this is only a profession, for they encourage no such thing. Where are their subscriptions to provide such Bibles to distribute among the poor who can read, or get their friends to read to them? Besides, a Bible loaded with notes and comments is sold at so high a price that the poor cannot attain it. They tell you that it has never been the practice of the Catholic Church to put into the hands of the laity, promiscuously, translations of the Sacred Scriptures into their native languages, unaccompanied by note or comment. Now I would fearlessly assert that any man, acquainted with ecclesiastical history and the early fathers, who makes such an assertion must have a neck with an iron sinew and a brow of brass, determined to affirm anything true or false to his ignorant votaries which will impose on or deceive them, in order to answer his tyrannical, despotic, and cruel purposes. I would ask him was Epipbanius a member of the Catholic Church ? He was Bishop of Salamis, in the Island of Cyprus, in the fourth century and in his treatise against Anomcos, Horses. 76, declares " that all things are clear and plain, and nothing contradictory in the Scriptures. " Those things which seem doubtfully and obscurely spoken in some places of Scripture, are expounded by those which in other places are open and plain," says St. Basil. (Basil in ascent. regal, creatures.) He was Bishop of Caesarea, and called Basil the Great. Was he an eminent member of the Catholic Church? He lived also in the fourth century. Augustine, Bishop of Hippo, in Africa, says " there is no great hardness in the Scriptures to come to those things which are necessary to salvation," Ep. 3. Also de doctrine Christi Lil, Chap. 9, " he says, " in the Holy Scriptures are found all those things which contain our faith and rules of life :" he says, de doctrine Christi Lil, Chap, 4, " the spirit of God hath greatly and wholesomely tempered the Holy Scriptures, so as both by the plain places he might prevent our hunger, and by the obscure, he might avoid our nice slothfulness; for there is scarcely anything that can be fetched out of those obscurities which is not found most plainly spoken elsewhere." Again, in his 3rd Epistle, he says that, " the manner of speech in which the Scripture is contrived is easy to be attained by all, although it be thoroughly attained by few. It speaks like a familiar friend, without guile, those things which it contains, plain and easy to the heart of the learned and unlearned ; it invites all men with an humble manner of speech, whom it doth not only feed with manifest truth, but exercise with that which is secret." Augustine lived in the fourth century. Not to quote from Origen and IranouSjChrysostom, besides many other plain passages, writes thusly who is there to whom all is not manifest which is written in the Gospel ? Who that shall hear, blessed are the meek, blessed are the merciful, blessed are the pure in heart, and the rest would require a teacher to learn any of these things which are here spoken? As also the signs, miracles, histories, are they not known and manifest to every man The pretence and excuse of the Scriptures being hard to understand is but the cloak of youthfulness. Thou understanded not those things which are written, how shouldest thou understand them who will not so much as slightly look into them Take the book into thy hand, read all the history, and what thou knowest, remember and what is obscure, go often over it " Chrysost. Horn. 3 de Lazare, and again he saith, " the philosophers speak obscurely ; but the Apostles and Prophets make all things clear and manifest which are delivered by them and they, as the common teachers of the world, have so expounded all things, that every man may, of himself, by bare reading, learn those things which are spoken ;" 3rd Homily de Lazare. Gregory Nyssianzen charges all the people to read the Scriptures, Horn, in 4 Dominic ab Epiphon. Also Saint Ambrose, Seem. 35. And Jerome, on the Ixxxvi Psalm, saith, " the Lord will declare and how will he declare ? not by word ; but by writing. In whose writing in the writing of his people &c.; our Lord will declare it to us, in the Scriptures of his people, in the Holy Scriptures, which Scriptures are read to all the people that is, so read that all may understand, not that a few may understand, but all." " What faithful man," says St. Augustine, tract on Job 96, (and to the same purpose Lil chap. 8, de doctrine Christi,) " though he be but a novice before he be baptized, and receive the Holy Ghost, doth not, with an equal mind, read and hear all things which after the ascension of our Lord, are written in canonical truth and authority, although as yet he understands them not as he ought?" Also, Chrysostom is everywhere strong and express in this point in many passages, hear what he says : In one of his Ilomllie? of Lazarus, the 3rd, " I do always exhort and will never cease to exhort you, that you will not here only attend to those things which are spoken; but, when you great home, that you continually busy yourselves, in reading the Holy Scriptures ; which practice also [ have not ceased to urge upon them who came privately to me. For, let no man say alas, I am taken up with law cases : I am employed in public affairs : I follow my trade I maintain a wife and children, and have a great charge to look to: it is not for me to read the Scriptures : but for them who have cast off the world, who have taken up the solitary tops of mountains, because thou art distracted with many cares ? Nay, then it is more necessary for you to read the Scriptures than for them more necessary, for you, I say, who are tossed in the waves of worldly business." And soon after, in the same Homily, " neither can it be possible that any man should, without great fruit, be perpetually conversant in this spiritual exercise of reading." And again, " Let us not neglect to buy ourselves books of Scripture, lest we receive a wound in our vital parts." And after he had compared the books of Scripture to gold, he added, "but they will say, perhaps we will not understand those things which are contained in those books -what gain we then ? yes surely, it can- not be, that thou should'st be alike ignorant of all thou readest for on account of this hath the spirit of God so, dispensed this word, that publicans, tent makers, shepherds, and goat herds, plain and unlettered men, may be saved by these books ; lest any of the simpler sort should pretend this excuse, that all things which are said, should be easy to discern and that the workman, the servant, the poor widow, and the most unlearned of all other, by hearing the word road might get some gain and profit." And the same father, Horn, on Gen. 29, says, " I beseech you that you come speedily hither and hearken diligently to the reading of the Holy Scriptures and not only when you come hither, but also at home take the Bible into your hands, and by your diligent care, reap the profit contained in it." Lastly, he says, under this his Homilies, upon the Epistle to the Colossians, " Hear I beseech you, O all ye worldly men ; provide you Bibles, which are the medicines for the soul at least, get the New Testament." We do not quote the fathers on account of their doctrine being infallible. For infallible doctrine we apply to the Scriptures themselves ; but we read them, that we may be acquainted with the history of the Church, know what pure doctrines it contained in each period of its existence, and whaterrorshad crept into to it. These six therefrom whose works I have quoted, lived in the fourth century, and they inform us of their practice and doctrines at that time; the Scriptures were read by clergy and laity, and the laity' were exhorted to read them and encouraged to do so; they were told these Scriptures wore the wells of salvation, from whence they might draw that salutary drink, which would quicken, invigorate, and heal their sin sick souls ; these fathers having such sentiments would readily join in circulating the Bible through the mansions of the palaces of the noble and rich, and the cabins or cottages of the poor; they would not grudge that the knowledge contained in it should be read and known by the schoolboy more than hythe philosopher. It was given to save young and old, rich and poor. It therefore never can be degraded, by performing what God sent it into the world to execute. I am, Sir, Your's. A CHURCHMAN. 