ISOLATED. NO. VII. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. Sir, If no mere man or woman since Eve and Adam's transgression has been able to perform one action perfectly agreeable to God's law, how could, or can, the actions of any one of them merit either for himself, herself, or for another? How can any perfect action be performed in presence of him whose eyes are as a flaming fire, by an imperfect being The best and holiest true believer in Christ, though the Spirit of God give him faith and confidence in Christ's merits, and an eager desire to keep his commandments, yet'" in his flesh dwelleth no good thing," Horn. vii. 18. If our good works merit either for ourselves or others, they must be perfectly good : ' if they were perfectly good they would be only the performances of our duty ; we would be even then unprofitable servants, Luke xvii. 10. What then can they avail for ourselves. Our best works are sins in God's sight, can sins merit? Yea, they merit punishment, therefore we say we are justified by faith only, not by our works which would condemn us We can be justified only by what Christ has done and suffered for us ; nor can our words or works justify us at the the final judgment in any other sense than as evidence of our faith and sincerity; they were our best exertions, if we were true believers, but still were of themselves far from justifying us in God's sight nay, they would condemn us ; but the Saviour came between us and the blow of vengeance which our imperfect works deserved, and the nigh t souls God let it fall on him, to save us from eternal woe. What then is the blasphemy of them who think or say that the merits of the Saints, imperfect being during the whole time that they spent in this world, and whose actions in the sight of God were sins, can merit for others, when, instead of merit, their actions would condemn themselves, so defective were they. This was the case of the Virgin Mary as well as all other Saints. There is not one hint in all Scripture, though a great honor was conferred upon her by God, that she was not subject to all the infirmities of all other true be- lievers in Christ Jesus. What then can the saints do for us? they could merit nothing for themselves. All the gifts and graces bestowed upon them, as faith, re- pentance, good inclinations, the will to do good, and the deeds which they performed, were all imperfect, while they were on this side the grave, and therefore could merit nothing for themselves. By Christ's merits alone they were saved. "There is no other name under heaven whereby we can be saved," Acts iv. 12. That Church, which puts in his place, either in whole or in part any other merits, power, or authority in saving lost sinners, has branded itself with the mark of Antichrist. " God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life, John iii. 16. " If thou shall confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart, that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved, Rom. x. 9. " They who truly believe this abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost," Rom. xv. 13. They have a boundless confidence in the mercy of God, through Christ Jesus. And as to the afflictions, bitter pains and sorrows, which true believers experienced, in this life, they were salutary medicines ministered to them to cure their sin-sick souls, and through the power of the Holy Ghost to them for their everlasting rest as well might you say that a patient merited something from a physician who soundly cured him by a nauseous medicine. No human being can in his fallen state, or in any sanctified state, while his fallen nature hangs upon him, merit any good thing from the hand of God, either in doing or suffering; but, as they owe all to his merits, they are willing to do all things for his sake. It is true that God is pleased, for Christ's sake, by the exertions of true believers to keep his law, though they fall short of It-pleased to see them rising out of that sin and pollution into which they had fallen. As a father seeing a little child, his Son, endeavouring to imitate good writing is pleased by his efforts, though he falls far short of the copy, and has no title or pretension to win a prize. The first attempt to corrupt the Church was by the Jewish converts introducing cir- conversion into the Church Acts xv.', 1, - this rite they were accustomed to, and therefore had some depen- dence on it this was a degradation of Christ's merits-therefore Saint Paul tells them, that if they were circumcised Christ would profit them nothing: if they added anything as necessary to sal- 1 vation, but what he has done and suffered for sinners, he, as a jealous God would have nothing to do with them. They must perish the doctrine of the church was then quite another gospel, Gal, 1, G, therefore Saint Paul charges them, that from heaven" should preach any other gospel unto them, than what he and the other Apostles had preached already, they should hold that angel or Apostle accursed Gal i, 8. If any person wishes to know what doctrine Saint Paul preached, let him read the xiiith chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, and there he may read a sermon of Saint Paul's, where he concludes with these words, " be it known unto you, therefore, men and brethren, that through this man Jesus of Nazareth, is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins and by him all that believe are justified from all things from which we could not be justified by the law of Moses. Beware therefore, lest that come upon you which is spoken of by the prophets behold, ye despises, and wonder and perish for I work a work in your clays-a work in which ye shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it unto you." And again, " not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost, Titus iii, 5. The next corruption which was introduced into the church by heathen philosophers, who had come into it, was the worship of angels ; therefore Saint Paul cautions the church at Colosse, to beware lest any man should spoil them through philosophy, and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ-Col. ii, 8 and lest any man should deprive them of the, reward, which Christ purchased for them, by worshipping of angels ; or, in other words, " that no man voluntary, in his humility, and in his worshipping of angels, searching into the in tins which he hath not and things which he can have no means of known g any thing about, beguile you of your reward, or by imperiously treating you that you may follow his practice, vainly j puffed up with an opinion of his own skill for such a person does not hold Christ Jesus the head, from which all the true disciples of Christ forming one body, by the mystical union have spiritual nourishment ministered to each of them, and being knit together they increase, with the increase which cometh from God, Coloss. ii, 18 19. Here we have the opinion of the Holy Ghost, by the mouth of Saint Paul, thatched', who worshipped angels, held 410t Christ the head of his church, had therefore no union with him, and were in a state of death. There is here no distinction of worship-all religious worship of angels in general, disqualify the individual who practises it for a vital union with Christ. And therefore Saint Paul tells the Corinthians, that he determined not to know anything among them, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. We are not saved by works of righteousness which we have done, for the works of the best of men are only imperfect imitations of good works. " For by grace are ye ' saved by faith, and that not of yourselves ; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast"-Ephe. ii, 8, 9. Not by circumcision, not by worshipping angels-they, in our salvation, have neither part nor share. But, alas! the authority of the Apostles could not stem the torrent of corruption-when proud philosophers were baptised and admitted into the Church, their pride would not suffer them to submit to the simple doctrine of the Apostles. They added new inventions. Therefore Saint Paul says, " the mystery of iniquity does already work" - how it proceeded and increased, we shall see. I am, c, A CHURCHMAN. 