The Theatre. The Operatic Buileeqne Bnrletta (as the bills call it), entitled Othello Traves- tie, has been reproduced at the Theatre lately with several alterations and im- provements upon its former representation. The piece, as its name implies, is a bur- lesque on Shakespeare's Tragedy of Othello, and is amusing enough to those acquainted with the original. The author of the parody has taken good care to omit none of the broader allusions which disfigure the original, and the conse- quence is, that these blotches when touched by the grosser hand of a very inferior copyist, come out so strongly as to render the piece scarcely a fit one for production on any well conducted stage, and cer- tainly one, the representation of which, no virtuous female can witness without feeling the blush of shame tingle on her cheek. Lazar has- been substituted for Winters in the character of Othello, and% though the audience have gained con- siderably by the change, as far as the musical portion of the character is con- cerned, they have lost more than as much in the exquisite drollery which distin- guished Winters' performance. Still the character is well sustained were it not for the occasional outbursts of ear- splitting rant which disfigure all Lazar's per- formances, and the extreme clumsiness he displays in the disposal of his exces- sively awkward legs. Lee, with the ex- ception of Winters, is the only low comedian now on the boards, worthy of the name, In some characters he has áttemptc I hé far exceeds Simmons, and J m in many he is quitd'1 his equal, but, in to depicting the genuine humour of'the. Emerald Islander he is immeasurably his inferior. His layo, which with Sim- mons for its representative, would have kept the house in one continuous peal of laughter during the performance, was scarcely passable, and its best points scarcely told sufficiently to excite a smile. With the exception of old Hill, who has long slumbered in the grave, Simmons is the only genuine representative of the Irishman we have seen on the Sydney stage. '.The great misfortune on the Sydney stage is, that however low the wit of the piece suffering performance may be (and low enough in all conscience some of the pieces are), our respectable performers are not contented without interpolations of their own intended, doubtless, to give additional zest to tho vulgarity. Gag may be tolerated in a man of talent, though it can never be com- mended ; but, when creatures like Riley, who have not a second idea to throw to a dog, begin to improve upon the author, heaven help the audience that must endure the ribaldry. Othello Travestie contains quite a sufficiency of vulgarity to satisfy even a Botany Bay audience ; we would recommend Master Riley, therefore, in future, to endeavour rather to give such as he has got with a better grace, than to attempt to cram his own filth down the throats of the audience. Munyard, instead of advancing in our estimation, is rapidly falling. His performance of Casdo would disgrace even Riley ; Cassio, although a fool, was no puppy. Mrs. Clarke's Desdemona was immea- surably the best performance the Sj dney audience have yet seen from,her, it was, in fact, the only well-sustained character in the piece. Emilia was rather tame. Mrs. Larra gave us just enough of the Ghost to wish there had been a little more. Can no plan be fallen upon for the im- provement of the Orchestra? Surely some more and better musicians might be found in Sydney, «or some means adopted fir the improvement of the present assem- blage of discordant sounds. We have often admired the patience of Sydney audiences, and in nothing so much as their endurance of the present Orchestra. In no other country under the sun, where rotten peaches are as cheap as they are hei e, would they be tolerated for a single hour. )il At a meeting of the Synod of New South Wales held yesterday in the Scots' Church, Sydney, the Rev. W. Macin- tyre, A. M., who recently arrived by the Midlothian Highland emigrant ship, was admitted a member of the Synod at his own request. Mr. MacIntyre arrived in the Colony the day after the formation of the Synod, but he refrained from joining himself either to Synod or Pres- bytery until he had been sufficiently long resident in the Colony to form his judg- ment from personal observation as to the eligibility of the respective bodies. A call to the Rev. Mr. Macintyre to be become the colleague of Dr. Lang in the charge of the congregation of the Scots' Church, Sydney, is, we understand, in the course of signature among the mem- bers of that congregation. The Rev. Malcolm Colquhoun A. M., a licentiate of the Synod, has been located in the district of Brisbane Water. The New Monthly Magazine for Au- gust is embellished with a beautiful like- ness of Queen Victoria, engraved on copper plate. BUSHRANGERS.-On the night of the 29th ultimo, four drays laden with stores the property of the Australian Agricul- tural Company, were attacked on the estate of St. Hillier's, where they were stopping to refresh, by four armed bush- rangers, who, first deprived the keepers of their fire arms and compelled them to remain under one of the drays ; they then carried off four chests of tea, a quantity of sugaT, with several other valuable and necessary articles. It is supposed that the perpetrators of this rob- bery are the same who on that or the preceding niglit robbed another dray of a quantity of tea and sugar, taking also the keeper's fire-arms. As it is evident from the articles principally taken that the bushrangers must have accomplice, in the shape of receivers, we trust that a strict search has been instituted in the neighbourhood of these operations. The police, we hope, will not be long in bringing this systematic gang of armed plunderers to justice. The Presbytery of Nfcw South Wales meet again this morning at St.' Andrew's Scots' Church for the trial of the Rev. J. H. Garven of Maitland, who has again been cited to appear at their bar. The Presbyterian congregation of Parramatta, we observe, at a meeting of their body held on the 31st ult., have dissolved all connexion between that congregation and the Presbytery, and have come to the determination of placing themselves un- der the pastoral charge of the Synod of New South Wales. THE REV. W. JAKUATT.-We regret to learn that the Rev. W. Jarratt, the highly respectable and zealous minister of the congregation of Independents in the town of Sydney, has resigned the pastoral charge of that congregation, and^will preach his farewell sermon, previous to his embarkation for England, on themorning of Sabbath the 18th instant. When a minister of the same body of Chris- tians was introduced by a friend io the late Rev. W. Romaine, an eminently pious minister of the Church of England, as an Independent minister, Mr. R. cor- rected his friend by saying, " not an In- dependent minister, but the dependent minister of an Independent congrega- tion." We suspect that Mr. J. has been made to feel both the truth and the force of this definition.- Colonist. SHIP PORTLAND.-We beg to call the attention of the public to the advertise- ment of Mr. Gilchrist, rcspectingtheship Portland, which appears in another co- lumn. The Government have agreed to allow Mr. G. the bounty on a certain number of families to be brought out on his account ; and the owners of the Port- land intend to send her out next season from the Clyde, with emigrants. An ad míráblo' opportunity is hereby presented th to ' persons who may have left friends behind them whom they are desirous should follow them ; for they can make their arrangements with Mr. G. in the Colony, and they will also have the satis- faction of confiding their friends to the care of ns gentlemanly, humane, and able a commander as any where can be found. No stronger proof of the good qualitius of Captain Coubro need be asked than the esteem and attachment which his late passengers have entertained for him ; as a testimony of which, they arc about to present him with a gold snuff box, procured by general subscription on the arrival of the ship on the shores of Aus- tralia. The Portland is a.powerful and able sea-boat, and her extraordinary height between decks, and the excellence of her general accommodations, render her peculiarly suitable for tlie trade of emigration.- Colonist. MECHANICS' INSTITUTION.-The : nual General Meeting of the Mechanics Institution, was held on Monday last, in the Hall of the School of Art1?, for the purpose of electing their President and Committee of Management for the year 1838\. The assembly on this occasion was very great, and the speeches of the even- ing were highly spirited and interesting Tho report of last year's proceedings wa3 read by Dr. Nicholson : it contained a rapid sketch of the origin, the progress, and the prospects, of the Institution, and was couched in very neat and appropriate terms. A vote of thanks to Major Mit- chell, the former President, having been passed, the meeting elected Major Bar- ney, ns President for the current year. The following gentlemen were elected as members of the new Committee, viz. R. Windeyer, Esq., barrister, W. a'Becket, Esq., barrister, Mr. James Chisholm, Mr. John Bibb,- Patten, Mr. - Goldie, and Mr. Thomas Woolley.-Ibid. SIR EDWARD PARRY.--By a late ar- rival, we hear that Sir Edward Parry has recoived another official appointment, as comptroller of steam machinery, which he will hold in addition to that in the packet service. Sir Edward, since his return to England, has suffered a great deal from continued indisposition, and, at times has been rendered wholly unfit for public duties. The gallant officer, how- ever, is recovering his former health, and, under the auspices of his brother-in-law, Mr. Stanley, Secretary in the Treasury, is on the high road to preferment.- Ibid. 