DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL_At the opening of the Council yesterday, HH Excellency llie Go- vernor laid upon the table die Estimates of Expenditure for 1839, together willi nn explana- tory minute, nnrl various despatches mid docu- ments connected therewith, which were read anil ordered to be printed. The total expenditure for the year is estimated nt £321,91*1 Is 4d , being on ¡nerense on the expemlituie of last year of nearly £80,000, while the ways mid means aro estimated nt £'2-16,120, leaving a deficiency of £75,791 Is. dil. to be supplied from the ac- cumulated fund. One littlu item that lins been added to the Colonial expenditure by direction of "my Lords" is £15,000, for the accoutre- ments, horses and forage ot the Mounted Police The Governor also laid upon the table a ma. monal from llie deputation appointed at the publio meeting in June Ust, praying for a committee to enquire into the Emigration Sjstem ; the following gentlemen wore ap- pointed a committee:-The Bishop, Mr. Lith- gow, Mr. Jones, Sir John Jamison, and Mr. Macarthur. The Country Towns' Police Bill, the lteligious Societies' Temporalities' Bill, and the Sydney Police Act Amendment Bill were presented to the Governor as amended, anrl ordered to buread a third on Friday next. The Colonial Secretary gave notice that on Tuesday next he should move that tho Council proceed to tim consideration ol the Eslim-ites. The Go- vernor laid upon the table, a Bill to authorise in certain cases the marriage of females who are under twenty-one years of age, and a Bill lo provide for the moro effectual recovery of fines and forfeited recognizances, which were read and ordered lo be printed and read a second time on the I atti instant. The Governor laid upon the table the Catarrh in Sheep Prevention Bill, as amended by the Committee, which w.is ordered to be taken into consideration on Tuesday next Tlie Maitland Jury List Preparation Bill was further considered and ordered to bo read a third time on Friday next. The Melbourne nnd Port Macquarie Jury Bill was further considered and ordered to be read a third time on tho 15th instant. Council adjourned to Friday. THE VICTORIA..- A new drama, called The Ancestress, was brought out on Monday evening last ; but wc question much whether the audienae knew,at its close, what tho plot really is. It wns a failure. The incidents, such as they were, ap- peared to bo drawn from the Minerva Perss. There was an old Baron who had ti secret and a daughter; there was a prophecy which boded ill to his house ; the daughter had a lover who turned out to be a robber, and is ultimately shot, in ordvr to fulfil the prophecy ; and there was a ghost and blue fire ! Upon such trash as these make up, some very creditable acting was thrown away by Miss Winstanley, Grove, Arabin, and Spencer. One scene was eagerly caught up by the .' nut browns " in tho gallery, and honored with suit- able applause. Mr. Arabin very energetically declares that, although he was a robber, he was a man .' Hath not n rrtbber eyes! balli not n robber orgnns, dimensions, senses, nHeclions, nnd passions Î fed willi tbes.ime hiod, hu.it with Hie same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by Hie snine means, wnimed and cooled hy Hie same winter mid hummer as nu honest nmu isi" In short, as Mr. Bulwer says in Paul Clifford " the worst possible use you can put a man to is to hang him." These noble sentiments were most warmly and -characteristically applauded. We nro foolish enough (perhaps) to think that a manager should read and exercise something like discretion ero he produces dramas which inculcate such sentiments, before a miscellaneous New Suuth Wales audience. The very applause which the particular speech to which we refer received, was proof of its being, in itself, objectionable. The other entertainments consisted of Advice Gratis, and Mrs. G. ; both of which pieces were well played. CONVICT DISCIPLINE.-The trial of Jones for manslaughter, on Saturday, last calls for a few remarks. It appeared on the trial that six con- victs belonging to the Orphan School, left that establishment about four o'clock in the afternoon, and went to the hut of a sly-grog seller, named Stephen Edwards, a distance of two miles, and regaled themselves with rum; they returned to the Orphan School and went to prayers ot eight o'clock ; after prayers those men returned to Edwards's, where they met two convicts belong- ing to a peison named Bull, and drank five bottles of rum; about eleven o'clock they started for their respective homes, and on the road had a quarrel in which one man was killed and an- other so severely injured that he will never be able to work again. When Mr. Sadlier, the master of the Institution, was examined rather closely by the Attorney-General, he said that ho had no means of keeping the men on the establishment; he had no constable on the place and could not sit up all night watching the men; when he mustered them and read prayers at eight o'clock he had done all that he could be expected. We agree with Mr. Sadlier, that he could not be ex- pected to sit up all night, but it is no use talking about convict discipline unless convicts arc treated as prisoners defacto, and locked up when not at work. At 'present they are very fíw establishments in the Colony where the c mvicts aro so dealt with that ihcy cannot ramble about for several hours during the night fVhat was there to prevent these men, instead of spending their time in the innocent amusement of drinking rum and slaughtering one another, from plunder- ing the unfortunate settlers in the vicinity. Wo by no means wish lo depreciate the labours of clergymen, but to make every convict in the Colony wear a distinguishing mark on bia drcoo, and lock them up from sunset to sunrise, will, in our opinion, do moro towards repressing ciimes, and promoting discipline than the la- bours of all the ministers in the Colony, and this system will have to be adopted at last. At the opening of the Court on Tuesday morning, the Attorney General said that he was not in Court when the prisoners convicted of riot were admitted to bail until next term, or he should have objected to it. He trusied His Honor would re consider the point, as he was fearful it would establish a bad precedent- The case carne before the Court in an ordinary way by indict* ment, and if the prisoners were admitted to stand out until next term, every person convicted of a misdemeanor could claim the bame privilege. His Honor said that as it had been suggested to bim that the defendants could put in afiidavits'of mitigatory circumstances, he had in the exercise of his sound discretion admitted ihcm to bail, and whenever any other case arose the Judge must exercise his discretion ; it was a very common practice in the Court of King's Bench. The Attorney General suggested that this wus a case which would not have come before the Court of Kings Bench at all; it was a Quarter Sessions case, although from its being a novel one in this Colony it had been brought into the Supremo Court, and he thought the case should be settled by argument before a precedent was established. Mr. Nichols informed the Court that in the case of the King v. Iloberts for an assault, which was an indictment filed hy the Attorney Ge.ieral in the ordinary way, Mr. Justice Burton offered to allow iho defendant to stand out upon bail until the first day of term His Honor said that whon anolli r t-iiso arose ¡l «inlet be- argued ; in this cuse ho had already mudo un oider. j Titn BuxrtYOiEST As«, LUM - Having been fnvorttl with a copj ol tin. Uentv »lent SociUy s deport, u are «tnbltd lo lay the dauls of the S ititi«, s prrcttdin^s htfirt «mr «tatlirs mora full} thin «te dil in « ur In t Hit number of admissions into tho S ciety s house lustveir IN ttt Is th it of tilt f rnur jtnr hy out hundred and stieiitu n On th 10th of lune IS17 thtre wtrt in tht A«) lum one Inindrtd anti sixi} six mtn, hfl} four women and six children During tilt }ni four hundred and fite mtn, otto hundred 'and fort} one «om»n, and twen t} sc\tn ti lldrtn wtit admitted ranking the total rumher tint wtre lodgtd in the house during tho }enr sevtn hundrtd and ninett-nino Of tins numhtr, during the }cnr, two linn Ircd and ninet} six were di«c nrged by order of tht Cütnmitttt four wtre sent to tht I unauo As} lum, six to tho Orphin School, six to the General Hospital, nmtty eight ran itnj, and onu lum dred and thirt} nine dud, leaving m the 30th lune, 1833, two hundred nnd fifiy in the Asylum Of these, six wtre under ten }oars of age, six from ten to iwtnt}, elevtn from iwtnt} to thirty, tttnt} eight from thtrt} to fort}, fort} st\en from forty io fifty, lift} from fifi} to sixty lifty out from sixty to 6tventy, forty outfiom sevtnty to tight} stton from eight} to nintl} mid three from ninety to one hundred years r f age Besides the number of pcisons who art in the house rtlitf is afforded to ti number of dis tresstd fimihes and individuils During tho }im nssistnnca wns afforded to ninet} four fami lies and twtuty five single persons, the amount te trihuttd to them in clothing, food lo , is ahout two hundred and fifty pounds , and seventy five pounds cish for lodging and special com forts I lit Committee strongly ingt upon the public tht neets, uy of supporting tht Sotttty in tht following terms -« Btforo your Commtttet cont tilt thtir Report, they would again express llitir (kep rtgrtt, thal hy a niisliiktiibtntvoltnco of somt pirs M s in the town (the evil may nnso from wini of information) stvcral paupers nro encouraged in ihtir h ihits of idleness, vagrnnc}, mendiait} immorality, and impuit} A number of unhappy orttturts who will not btar the wholesome disciplint und moral rtstramts of the Btnevoltnt As\ lum «herein they may enjo} every ntedftil support and comfort whith thtir age or condition can riquire, prtfira wandering, disorderly and «ticked tourso of life The inha- bitants would do wtll to consider «hellier I hey art not re illy doing an injury to the commit my at lirgt hy countenancing and encouraging Buch persons, in thtir institut, insubordinate, and vitious courses A more peaceful, satisfactory and christian like modo of subsistence ma} bo obtained for them hy n subscription and recom mendntun to the Beliesolent Sjcttty In the Asylum they may have lodging clothing medu cine and food for iheir body, and religious in- struction and prayers for the edification of their souls What more can they reasonably dtstrofor I tht enjoyment of this life or for a suitable pre paration for i blessed eternity through tht mtrils and mediation of our Lord Jtsus Christ? ' About eleven hundred and fifi} persons were, more or less assisted by the Society during the year , of these, marly eight hundred have by changes, been lodged in the Asylum, while three hundred and sixty residents in the town and its vicinity batt been relieved by supplies of food and cloth ing and occasionally, under special circumstances, by small sums of money When lite jury was baing sworn in on Wed nesday John Wheeler, of Phillip street publi can, was called when Mr Wheeler addressing the Chief Justice said he wished to challenge himself, he had bein in the Colony a number of years and hid alwa}s maintained a respective oharacter but this }ear the magistrates without any reason thal hu wns aware of, had taken tway his license to keep a public house, and he thought that roany of the i espectable persons he saw on the panel might not like to sit with him, as they would, of course, think he must have been guilty of something improper before Ins license hud bein taken nway His Honor said that as tht Sheriff had leturned Mr Wheeler on the jury panel, he was bound to eonsidtr that he was a proper person and unless either the Crown or the prt soncr challenged him he must taka his sent No objection being made to Mr Wheeler, ho was then sworn in It would appear that in Van Ditmen's I and tho principal method of punishing female convicts ia by converting them into washerwomen In a late number in the Hobait Town Gazette in which the State of the Factory on the 18th July appears, the mimbor of women under colonial sentence is said to bo but twenty one, while the number "sentenced to the wash tub is thirty two Constables and others ought to be very careful m «hit manner they endeavour to extract evi dence from persons they miy hive in custody or they may often do more harm than good as whatever is said by a prisoner under the influence of cithel a threat or a promise ctnnot afterwards bo given in evidence against lum On Thurs day Mr Justice Burton refused to hear what had been said by a prisoner, because the cons'it ble had said " it will be belter for you ,' and His Honor said that a constable who held out a threat or a promise to a prisoner exceeded his dut} Such alterations arc sometimes made in the appearance: of prisoners after they aro confined in gaol, that make it almost impossible foi persons who aro not intimitely acquainted with, to idtn tify them Tor instance, a prisoner who may be apprehended with immense whiskers and mus tachóos, will come up for trial with his face as smooth as a lady's Under such circumstances the wl ole appearance of the man is so much al- tered, that a prosecutor who perhaps has only seen the prisoner once for a few minutes, has great difficulty in recognizing lum This sub jtct is worthy tho attention of the authorities COURT or REQUESTS - Gibbons v. Lee -This was a suit brought by a Commission Agent, named Gibbons, against another agent named Lee, to recover the sum of £2 14s being the commission on £120, the price of a ton of loaf sugar The plaintiff stated that he was met in the street by a young man named Cohen, who asked lum if he could sell a ton of loaf sugar, lit said he could, and in the ourse of the morn ing sold half A ton to Mr Holdsworth, and half a ton to another party, the sugar he afterwards found belonged to Lee, and the htlf ton wa« delivered to Mr Holdsworth, the other half ton was not delivered, but with thot ho liad nothing to do, he sold it, and had a right to his com mission, upon asking Mr Lee for his c m mission, he only laughed al lum, and told lum that Cohen was under age when he employed him, and therefore he could recover nothing - lo this Mr Lets reply was that Cohen called upon him and told lum that he was about com- mencing business as a Commission Agent, and asked lum to give lum n stirt, he told linn that he had a ton of loaf sugar to dispose of, and if Cohen could get n customer he mit,ht, in about an hour Cohen returned, and told lum that bo had sold the sugar, one half to Holds rorth and the other half to another party, he refused to ratify the sole to the second ptrty, but delivered the sugar to Mr Holdsworth , he never outho nscd Cohen to employ Gibbons, and from par- ticular circumstances would not have had lum employed for £5 and he still considered lumstlf liable to Colnn for the amount of the commis- sion Mr Gibbons submitted to the Com- missioner that as Leo had ratified his sale he was entitled to his commission, to which Mr Lee replied, that he had ratified it as Cohen s sale, not Gibbons's. The Commissioner said, he must find a /erdict for the deftndant, if the defendant had recognised the plaintill or authoristd his employment tn any way, ho would have given lum a verdict for the com mission on tht half ton that was delivered, but he thought that when an agent was employed he could not employ a second agent without in- struction from his principal, Mr Gibbons evi- dently had a claim against Cohen. Isaac Simmons & Co 's Public Silo of the fine ship Roslyn Castle, and the beautiful barque Jinghi Planet, took place yesterday before one of the most respectable company of btiyeis which we have seen for some time The former was kn eked down to Robert Duke and Co for .¿2200 , the latter to Hmry Moore, Esq , for £2000 Also the undermentioned allotments - ÍÍ9 feet 10 inclus in Pitt street, to Mr Isltr, at ¿16 10s per foot frontage-£492 5s 20 ftet 10 inches in Put-street, to Mr A Cohen at ¿lu 10s per foot frontage-£402 5s 29 feit 10 inches in Pitt street io Mr turton, nt £15 per foot frontage-£417 10s-£56)2 Build I ing materials £11, 15s- ¿504J 15s --From a Correspondent. SfiHooi. nr AHTS -We ore sorry that we have been prevented, firstly, from our reporter's lime' being so fully occupied, and secondly, fr..m want of space-, from noticing so often or so fully as we could hive wished, the. Lectures tint have lately been given at the School nf Arts. The present course has been one of the mist successful that has been given «t tim Institution. The Lectures given by Dr. Nicholson nu Chemistry Mr. Bennett on Natural History, and Mr. A'Beckclt on Poetry, have been highly creditable to the Institution, and have not lind any extraneous topics introduced On last Friday, the Rev. Mr Saunders commenced a series of'Lectures on tho history of writing, which promise to be second to none that have yet been delivered. After descanting on the value of the art of writing, Mr. Saunders proceeded to describo that letters aro symuu's of sound, and that sounds represent ideas, so that jn fact, loiters may be said to re- present ideas. The word alphabet, which is derived from the sound of the two first letters of (lie Greek alphabet, Alpha, Beta, has no other, moaning, t|nn when we say in English the A, B, C, ; so the Irish Alphabet is cilled Ogan, that being tho pronunciation of the two first letters of thc^Irish Alphabet. As letters nre an invention, which do not coma icadily to the human mind we »my naturally enquire, are letters ii human invention, or tho gift of God? On each side there aro several arguments. " For their being a divine communication, it is contended firstly, the perfection of the letters themselves,, which do not bear the marks of invention and improvement, usually intendant upon human discoveries; se- condly, the statement of Pliny that the use of letters has been eternal ; thirdly, the assertion of the Cibslists, that the alphabetical writing* n-cro one of the ten things which God created on the evening of the snbbaih ; fourthly, the ascription of alphabetic writing to the Egyptians, who re- ceived it from their god Tolh ; fifthly, that as ' God was the author of language, he would be the author of symbolical representation : sixthly, that the invention of letters requires such an analysis ol' language, and such an amazing acuteness, as to transcend the human powers. The Lecturer, however, was of a different opinion ; he was of opinion, that it is quite clear that letters are human invention, and in answer to the argu- ments used by those who nre of a contrary opinion, nnd which he lind just quoted, he replied, firstly, that letters bear evident marks of slow progression, to the maturity exhibited in the book of Moses, and which is the ground of the argument assumed by the other side; n-e have evidence that some nations who started from_the same common origin as the Hebrews, and who possessed the same system of writing, improved it hy degrees ; thus the Egyptians wrote by hieroglyphics, which were symbols of sounds, as well as things ; the Chinese, who trace .their ancestry to Noah, still maintain the outlines of pictorial writing, and the Mexicans still write in the same barbarous form ; secondly, that the letters themselves bear traces of their having boen the outlines of pictures, and which, in some nations, as among the Hindus, have not yet been brought to a portoblo form ; thirdly, that the names of the letters were the names of things, and not of sounds, thus Aleph signifies on olive, Gime), a camel, Ain, an eye, Vuw, a hook, Teth, a girdle; fourthly, the Hebrew nation, so far from thinking the old Samaritan type the perfection of art, adopted the Chaldaicas more commodious; fifthly, thal im- provements have been made, and continue to be so, as the adoption of the Arabic numerals, short hand,|the Algobraicformula&c.; As to the assertion of Pliny, that letters are eternal, as he afterwards attributes their origin to the Assyrians, he con- tradicts himself. The assertion of the Cabalists, he considered worthy of no credit, on account of the improbabilities with which the Cabala nbounds. As to ascribing the invention to the gods, the ancients alwuys deified men who invented anything oxtiaordinary, as is the case with Bacchus and Apollo, the gods of wine and music, and therefore it is not unlikely, that might have been the case with regard to letters. It docs not follow, that because God bestowed speech on man, ho should also bestow writing; it is not strictly necessary, for many nations have done without it to the present day. The invention of letters, so far from containing a perfect analysis of language, show, that the number of sounds was the chance decision of the first inventors, for they have varied, and the learned have not yet determined] on the exact number of sounds ; thus the Italians have 20, the Coptics 32, the Muscovite 43, Ethiopians and Tartars 202, while in our own language, according to Hermes there arc 20, Sheridan 28, Kenrick 16, while Dr. Walker makes them 33. He concluded therefore, that God in the ordinary course of his providence, endowed man with the faculty of invention, aud led bim in an early stage of his history, to tho discovery of writing. A second enquiry was, whether writing was anlc-diluvian or not ; he was of opinion that it was invented before the flood, and improved upon afterwards, for as Tubal Cain was an instructor of artificers in brass and iron, it is not giving him much greater power of invention, to suppose he understood writing. It was certainly ante.mosaic, for he found several passages in scriptures, both in Exodus, and the book of Job, (which he considered was written before the time of Moses) in which, writing is especially mentioned. The fountain head of writing in the post-diluvian world, he considered to be Assyria, and here we must leave the Rev. gentleman, to whom we have to apologise, for giving such,a meagre sketch of his lecture ; but it would be useless to attempt to give even an out- line of the remaining portion of it, without the diagrams of the durèrent descriptions of ancient letters, ¡which, at "considerable troublo, he had drawn out ; but wo trust we have said enough to show, that Mr. Sauuders's course of lectures promises to be, not only instructive, but amusing. GAMULINO-A curious case is coming before the Criminal Court during the presunt session, several persons having been committed by the Windsor magistrates to take their trial for gam- bling. , By the Act of Parliament l8 Geo. II, cap. 34, sec. 8, any person winning or losing moro than £10 at one time at any game of chance, shall, upon conviction, forfeit five times the sum lost or won, which, after the Court has deducted the expenses of the prosecutor, shall be given to the poor of the parish or place. It is said that the losings in this case were more than £100. After the Jury had been charged in the case of Jones, ti ied for murder on Saturday last, the Chief Justice handed the indictment to the Attorney- General, and asked him if he thought it concluded properly; the Attorney- General said it did not, and applied to the Court to quash the indictment. A fresh information was filed, when Mr. Foster, for the prisoner, submitted thal the former indictment could not be quashed after the Jury was charged. His Honor said that the indictment must be one on which a judgment could be supported, but in this informa- tion iho nan» uf the murdered man was omitted in the concluding part of it, so that, in fact, the prisoner was charged with nothing. The trial then proceeded on the second indictment. FAMILY AfFAiit..-A woman who was giving evidence in the case of Andleztrk and others for a riot, had a black ey a, and one of the Jury asked her whether she received it in the affray, " that's family afikirs and has nothing to do with you" I s'pose" was the reply. It is a curious fact, and one which wc should like .to sec accounted for on the philosophical pr«S$plcs, that a deaf witness can never be made to speak sufficiently loud to be heard with case. A notice appears in the Government Gazette, stating that in future applications for female con- victs must bo signed by a clergyman as well as a magistrate. DRUNKENNESS.-Different people have differ, cut notions of what is a test of drunkenness. A witness in the Srpreme Court on Saturday, gave it as his opinion that a man was not drunk be- cause he could balance himself and speak. Some of the members of the School of Arts have resolved upon erecting a tablet in the Hall of the Institution to the memory of lite late Mr Hubert Band, the Hist Secretary io the Institution, A subscription list is placed in the Library. A contemporory was labouring under error in stating that Sergeant Henderson, who arr'ved at Van Diemcn's Land in the Wilmot, has been ap- pointed Uariack Master. A Major Marley has I been appointed Barrack Masler of New South Wales mid Van Diemcn's Land, and is daily ex- pected. He will probably arrive in the same ship I with the new Commander-in-Chief, Sir Maurice I O'connell. 