English Literature. Our readers, who have perused with deep interest the narrative of our corre- spondent DRUIVER, of his exploring travels in Africa, will approve of the following selection. And exploring having at length most happily become 'all the rage' in this Continent, in which new Settlements are springing up every day, the enterprising Colonists may both derive hints from such narratives, and learn to be thankful that our advan- tages in New Holland are so immense over those of travellers in Africa. In- stead of lions, tigers and hyenas, the only wild animal the explorer has to fear here is uncivilised man. AFRICAN TRAVELLING. The obstacles which interpose them- pose themselves to travellers in Africa, and the dreadful privations endured in that land of hunger and thirst, are no where detailed in a more unaffecting manner than in the travels in Southern Africa by Mr. Thompson, who with difficulty procured the attendance of Hottentots in his exploratory journey. The following is a condensation of part of this traveller's interesting details:— "About an hour after we started, we fell in with a Bushman and his wife, returning from a hunting excursion. He had been successful, and was carrying on his back half of the carcass of a young gemsbok, which he had slain with his poisoned arrows. His wife was laden with the remainder, together with a little child which sat upon her shoulders, with its legs hanging over her bosom, and holding itself by her matted hair. On questioning them about the probability of finding water on our route, the hunter, pointing to a certain part of the heavens, told us, that if we rode hard we should find water by the time the moon stood there. This indi cated a distance of not less than fifty- miles. Yet it was a consolation to know that we should find water even within that distance. Rewarding our informant with a bit of tobacco, we pushed on with redoubled speed. Half an hour succeeded till midnight was passed, and still the moon had not reached the situation pointed out by the Bushman, while our horses were ready to sink under us at the rate we travelled. As we drew near the spot where we expected to find water, my guides, who usually kept a little ahead of me, re quested me to ride in doge file with them, because lions usually lay in am bush in such places, and were more apt to spring upon men riding singly than in a clump together. We had scarcely adopted this precaution when we passed within thirty paces of one of those formidable animals. He gazed at us for a moment, and then lay down, couchant, while we passed on as fast as possible, not without looking frequently behind with feelings of awe and appre- l hension. We soon after reached the j bed of the Gamka (or Lions') River, but found it at this place, tooursorrow, i entirely dry. We were all ready to j sink under the exertions we had this day i made, and the thirst we had endured. ! Jacob, in particular, who was unwell, j and had suffered much from the hard j riding, repeatedly told us that he could hold out no longer, but wished to lie down and die. The dread, however, of being devoured by the lions now acted on him as a spur to exertion ; and Witteboy and myself, knowing that our fate depended upon our getting water, contrived to urge on our horses along the course of the river, most anxiously looking out for the pool the Bushman had told us of. In this way we proceeded until two o'clock in the morning, and were almost despairing of success, when we at length discovered the promised pool, which, though thick with mud, and defiled by the dung and urine of the wild beasts, was, neverthe less, a most grateful relief to us and our horses. We had been up since two o'clock on the preceding morning ; had been on horseback above sixteen hours ; and had travelled in that time a distance of full eighty miles, the last stage of about sixty entirely without stopping. About sun-set we crossed the chan nel of the Gamka, for the last time, our course now being almost due north to wards the Hartebeest River, where we hoped to find water, and probably game. We proceeded at a very lagging pace, for some of our horses were lamed by the sharp flinty road, and the old one got fairly fagged ; so that we were re luctantly obliged to leave him. About nine o'clock, after a tedious ride of nine hours, during which we had scarcely travelled thirty-five miles, we reached the bed of the Hartebeest River, at a place called " Camel's Mouth but, to our extreme chagrin, found it perfectly dry. We had no resource but to tie onr horses to a tree ; and having made a fire, we stretched ourselves beside it, and sought consolation in sleep. Dur ing the night we were disturbed by the hyenas, which came within a few yards, but did not venture to attack us. Our first care was to search for water, and we had the greatest satisfaction at dis covering it at no great distance, in a pit about ten feet deep, recently dug by the natives; It was very brack indeed, but proved nevertheless a most grateful relief to us. To assuage the cravings of hunger, our Hottentots gathered and eat a little gum from the mimosa tree. I also attempted to eat a small quantity, but could not swallow it. Whiteboy then went out with his gun in search of game. Jacob followed to look after the horses, which had strayed to some distance in quest of pasture; and I staid behind to guard the baggage. While 1 sat here, musing in no very comfortable mood, two Korannas sud denly made their appearance, and with out hesitation came and seated them selves beside me : they were miserable looking beings, emaciated and lank, with the withered skin banging in folds from their sides, while a belt, bound tight round each of their bodies, in dicated that they were suffering, like myself, from long privation of food. I attempted to make them understand by signs that I was in want of provisions, and would gladly purchase some ; but they only replied by shaking their heads, and pointing to the " girdles of famine" tied round their bellies'; and I after wards learned that they had been sub sisting for many days entirely on gum. In this situation, we sat together for upwards of two hours, until at length Witteboy made his appearance, leading the old horse that we had left some miles behind the preceding night, but without any game. He immediately entered into conversation with the Ko rannas, but could learn from them only the details of their own miserable situa tion. On account of the long-continued drought the wild game had almost en tirely deserted this quarter of the country; the bulbs, also, had disappeared, and they were reduced to famine. Jacob soon after returning with the horses, we saddled up about nine o'clock, and left these poor Korannas and the " Camel's Mouth," filing away in a melancholy train down the dry channel of the river. After about an hour's ride, we came to a spot marked with the recent foostepsof the natives, and, looking round us, we saw two human beings seated at a lit tle distance under a mimosa. On ap proaching them, a picture of misery presented itself, such as my eyes had never before witnessed. Two Koranna women were sitting on the ground en tirely naked ; their eyes were fixed upon the earth, and when we addressed them, one of them muttered some words in reply, but looked not up at us. Their bodies were wasted by famine to mere skin and bone. One of them was far advanced in years; the other was rather a young woman, but a cripple. An in fant lay in her arms, wasted like herself to a skeleton, which every now and then applied its little mouth alternately j to the shrivelled breasts of its dying mother. Before them stood a wooden — — — vessel, containing merely a few spoon fuls of muddy water. By degrees the Hottentots obtained for me an explana tion of this melancholy scene. These three unfortunate beings had been thus left to perish by tbeir relatives when famine pressed sore upon the horde, because they were helpless, and unable to provide for themselves. A pot of water had been left with them ; and on this, and a little gum, they had been for a number of days ekeing out a miserable existence. It seemed wonder ful that they had so long escaped fall ing a prey to the wild beasts ; but it was evident that one or two days more of famine would be sufficient to release them from all their earthly sufferings. From the long want of food, I now began to feel myself so weak that I could with difficulty maintain an upright posture on horseback. The jolting of the horse seemed as if it would shake me to pieces. It struck me that I would try the method adopted by the famishing Korannas, and my own Hot tentots, of tying a band tightly round the body. I unloosed my cravat and employed it for this purpose, and had no sooner done so than I found great and immediate relief. At eight o'clock, finding ourselves quite exhausted, though we had not travelled to-day above twenty-five miles, we unsaddled at the bed of the river, tied our horses to a tree, and stretched ourselves on a bed of sand. Our rest, however, was but in different ; disturbed by cold, hunger, thirst, and the howling of wild beasts, and by frightful dreams, produced by all these afflictions combined. At dawn of day we awoke again to the full sense of our distressed condition. Witteboy and 1 immediately proceeded to an adjoining height to look out for game. We could see none, but observed a party of Korannas at no great dis tance, to whom we immediately pro ceeded. There were about a dozen of them, young and old, and all in the same state of destitution as those we had last seen ; and were subsisting princi pally upon gum, and had not a morsel of any food to give us. My poor Hot tentots looked like moving ghosts. Their gaunt hollow cheeks, and eyes sunk in the sockets, gave them a frightful as pect. I now proposed to kill one of the horses to supply our urgent wants, since the prospect of shooting game had become almost hopeless, and our fruit less search for it had almost worn us out. Witteboy, however, begged that I would permit him to make another attempt with his gun. I agreed ; he then set off, accompanied by three or four of the Korannas, who were scarcely less anxious for his success than our selves — hoping to come in for a share of what he might kill. Evening ap proached, and still the hunting party appeared not. At length, just as the sun was sinking under the horizon, we descried Witteboy and his Koranna fol lowers returning, laden with flesh. A zebra had been shot, and each was car rying a piece of it for immediate con sumption. Without questioning Witte boy how or where he killed the zebra, we all commenced roasting and eating. In a short time 1 had picked several of the ribs. As for the Hottentots, I do not exaggerate, when I say that each of them had devoured eight pounds of meat within an hour, and an additional allowance of three or four pounds more before sleep. The Korannas marched off in a body to the place where the zebra was shot, to feast upon the offals, and certain parts of the carcase which we had allotted them, on the condition of their keeping careful watch over the remainder, until we joined them in the morning. The sudden change in my Hottentots this evening, after their hun ger was assuaged, was remarkable. Hope and happiness again reanimated them, and that haggard aDd horrid ap pearance which had invested their vi sages began to disappear. So voracious was their appetite, that I really became apprehensive they would kill themselves by repletion; and in the middle of the night, when I awoke, I again found them eating and smoking by turns. We saddled at an early hour, and made the best of our way towards Ga- riep, which we reached to our great satisfaction, in about a couple of hours. After suffering so severely as we had done, from the want of water, what a glorious object did this river appear, flowing iu a majestic stream, deep and rapid, and five hundred yardsin breadth. We hurried down to the channel, and plunged our hands and faces into the cooling waters, and at length assuaged a thirst which the briny wells of the Korannas seemed at every draught to increase. After all our privatious, it was no slight satisfaction to me to have so far accomplished one of the objects of my journey. 1 had reached the banks of the Gariep by a route never taken before by any traveller, and had been enabled to add to the map of South Africa the distinctive features of the intermediate region, which, dreary and desolate though it be, is not without a strong interest in the eyes both of the naturalist and the philanthropist. The main and middle branch of the Gariep, which forms the cataract, tra verses a sort of island of large extent, covered with rocks and thickets, and environed on all sides by streams of water. Having crossed the southern branch, which at this season is but an inconsiderable creek, we continued to follow the Korannas for several miles through the dense acacia forests, while the thundering sound of the cataract increased at every step. We reached a ridge of rocks, and found it necessary to dismount and follow our guides on foot. It seemed as if we were now entering the untrodden vestibule of one of nature's sublime temples, and the untutored savages who guided us evinced, by the awe and circumspection with which they trod, that they were not altogether uninfluenced by the genius loci. At length we halted, and the next moment I was led to a pro jecting rock, where a scene burst upon me, far surpassing my most sanguine expectations. The whole water of the river being previously confined to a bed of scarcely one hundred feet in breadth, descends at once into a magnificent cascade of fully four hundred feet in height. As I gazed on this stupendous scene I felt as if in a dream. The sub limity of nature drowned all apprehen sion of nature ; and after a short pause I hastily left the spot where 1 s'ood to gain a nearer view from a cliff that more immediately impended over the foam ing gulf. I had just reached this sta tion, when I felt myself grasped all at once by four Korannas, who simultane ously seized hold of me by the arms and legs. My fiist impression was, that they were going to hurl me over the precipice ; but it was a momentary thought, and it wronged the friendly savages. They are themselves a timid race ; and they were alarmed lest my temerity should lead me into danger. They hurried me hack from the brink, and then explained their motive, and asked my forgiveness. I was not un grateful for their care, though some what annoyed by their officiousness. The character of the whole of the surrounding scenery, full of rocks, caverns, and pathless woods, and the desolate aspect of the Gariepine moun tains beyond, accorded well with the wild grandeur of the waterfall, and im pressed me with felings never to be ef faced. 