TLegi Otti Ihtdligettce. t THE GREEK CHURCH. WHEN the traveller in Greece lights upon the ruins ' of some far-famed ancient structure, and, seated upon a fragment among the broken columns, allows his imagination to ascend, through a long series of ages, to the time when those columns were reared,-he finds his mind kindle into en thusiasm. Such emotions I sometimes had in that country, while contemplating the remains of the Greek Church—a monument far more inte- resting, than any which pagan Greece has trans- mitted to these times. It was reared by apostolical hands. It connects its history with that of the whole Christian church; and, like the ancient church of God, was made, in a peculiar sense, the depository of the divine oracles, in their ori- ginal language—even of that part of them, which unfolds the wonderful redemption. These it preserved, uncorrupted, through ages of darkness, till the art of printing placed them out of danger. We remember the honour, which God in past ages conferred upon it. We remember, also, its fidelity to its trust, and its claims to the gratitude of the whole Christian world.—And now, we shall rejoice to see the fountain of the waters of life, of which that church was so long the trusty guardian, opened again to its members, and the' graces and virtues of piety universally restored. A history of the Greek church does not enter into my design, neither does a full exhibition of its -doctrines, usages, and discipline. A brief view is all I shall attempt, which I shall preface with a rapid sketch of the decline of the church from its original standard of faith and practice, as well as of the introduction of some of its more remarkable usages. My leading object, through- out, will be to show, in what respects a reform is desirable, and what there is to encourage the expectation of one. The remarks upon the ancient church of Co- rinth, in the former part of this volume, were written upon the spot where that city stood, and while the utter desolation visible around, urged the mind to seek relief in agreeable recollections. I fear a dispassionate attention to St. Paul's epistles would lead to less favourable conclusions, and perhaps would justify even the severity of Milner, who thought, that while no church of the apostolic age was more numerous, none probably had less of a Christian spirit.The admonitions of the Apostle, however, exerted a salutary in- fluence upon its members; and towards the close of the first century, we hear Clement, that fellow-labourer of Paul whose name was de- clared to be in the book of life, addressing them in these terms of high commendation:— " What strangers, that came among you, did not take honourable notice, formerly, of the firm- ness and fulness of your faith? Who of them did not admire the sobriety and gentleness of your godly spirit in Christ? Who did not extol the liberal practice of your Christian hospitality? How admirable was your sound and mature knowledge of divine things. Ye were wont to do all things without respect to persons; and ye walked in the ways of God in due subjection to your pastors, and submitting yourselves the younger to the elder. Ye charged young men to attend to the gravity and moderation becoming the Christian character; young women to dis- charge their duties with a blameless, holy, and chaste conscientiousness, to love their husbands with all suitable tenderness and fidelity, and to guide the house in all soberness and gravity. Then ye all showed a humble spirit, void of boasting and arrogance, more ready to obey than to command, more ready to give than to receive. Content with the divine allotments, and attending diligently to the word of Christ, ye were enlarged in your bowels of love, and his sufferings on the cross were before your eyes. Hence a profound and happy peace was imparted to all; an un- wearied desire of doing good, and a plentiful effusion of the Holy Ghost, were with you. Full of holy counsel, in all readiness of mind, with godly assurance of faith, ye stretched forth your hands to the Lord Almighty, intreating him to be gracious to you, if in any thing ye unwil lingly offended. Your care was day and night, for all the brethren, that the number of his elect might be saved in mercy and a good conscience. Ye were indeed sincere and harmless, forgiving one another. All dissention and schism in the church was abominable to you; ye mourned over the faults of your neighbours; ye sympathised with their firmness as your own; ye were un- wearied in all goodness, and ready to every good work. Adorned with a venerable and upright conversation, ye performed all things in his fear;' add the law of God was written deep indeed on the iables of your hearts." Yet these encomiums were not applicable when Clement wrote his epistle, but some time before, perhaps not long after the Apostle's last visit to 'Corinth. Pride, ambition, and schism, had again distracted the people, and it was under the pres sure of these evils, that they asked counsel of the church at Rome, and thus gave occasion for the letter which has been quoted. Clement next describes the decline of their piety. "Thus, when all glory and enlargement were given to you, that Scripture was fulfilled,' Jes hurun waxed fat and kicked.' Hence envy, strife, dissension, persecution, 'disorder, war, and desolation, have seized your church. 'The child has behaved himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable, the mean against the eminent, and the foolish against the wise.' Hence righteousness and peace are far from you; because ye all leave the fear of God, and your spiritual sight is become too dim to be guided by the faith of the Gospel. Ye walk not in his ordinances, nor walk worthy of the Lord Christ; but ye all walk too much according to your own evil lusts, nourishing and cherishing a malignant spirit of envy, by which the first death came into the world." Corinth was favoured with a zealous pastor, near the close of the second century; and the letters which he addressed to the churches of Lacedæmon, Athens, and some other places, evince a commendable interest in the cause of Christ, and lead us to think that the church, over which he presided, still had an honourable standing in the Christian commonwealth. Dionysius the Areopagite is believed to have been the first pastor of the church at Athens. Publius, who subsequently sustained the office, was martyred in the reign of Trajan or Adrian. After this afflictive event, religion de clined for a season, the public assemblies were deserted, the zeal of the church languished, and its manners were corrupted. Quadratus suc ceeded in restoring order and.discipline, and pure religion immediately revived. " One of the strongest testimonies of these things, is the ac count which the famous Origen, in the second book of his treatise against Celsus, gives of the Athenian church. 'While this great man is de monstrating the admirable efficacy of Christian faith on the minds of men, he exemplifies his positions by this very church of Athens, on account of its good order, constancy, meekness, and quietness. He represents it as infinitely superior, in these respects, to the common poli tical assembly in that city, which was factious and tumultuary. He affirms that it was evident, that the worst paths of the church were better than the best of their popular assemblies. This is a very pleasing testimony to the growth of Christianity, since the time that a handful of seed was sown there by St..Paul: and let the testimony of so penetrating and sagacious an observer as Origen be considered, as one of the many proofs that might be given of the happy effect which real Christianity has on human society. To a mind not intoxicated with vain ideas of secular glory, the Christian part of Athens must appear infinitely more happy and more respectable, than that commonwealth ever had been in the meridian of its glory." While Adrian was at Athens for the purpose of being initiated in the Eleusinian mysteries of the Gre- cian mythology, and when persecutions against the members of the Athenian church were be- coming sanguinary, Quadratus presented him an apology for the gospel, which was not wholly without the desired effect. In the fourth century, Athens contained a se- minary of learning, at which the young men of that period, who could afford it, were accustomed to complete their education. Basil of Caesarea and Gregory Nazianzen were educated in that seminary. The school was flourishing as late as the sixth century. It is interesting to-glean even these few notices respecting the principal Christian churches in dis- tricts so renowned in Pagan' times, as Attica and the Peloponnesus. It is very probable, that the Christian religion was early diffused over Greece; and from the proximity of the islands and cities above named to some of the most renowned of the primitive churches, we may suppose that the light of the t pure Gospel shone upon most of them. before the last of the Apostles: was removed from the world. We have more unequivocal proofs, however, of the decline of spiritual life in the church of Greece, than we have of the precise extent of its prevalence. Already have we wit- nessed the commencement of this decline in the church at Corinth, before the end' of the first century. The passion of the Greeks for novelty and learned distinctions, betrayed them into for- getfulness of Paul's caution against " philosophy and vain deceit," and they ventured to mingle the Gnostic fantasies, and the Platonic refine ments and subtleties, with the simplicity of the Gospel. They also began to make advances to wards gorgeous ritual, which at length assimi- lated the services of the Christian churches to those of the Pagan temples. Their worship was addressed to the eyes and the imaginations of the people, rather than to the great Searcher of hearts. These changes, besides gratifying a taste in the illiterate multitude for pomp and splendour, must have accommodated the prejudices of both Jews and heathens; and this was one of the purposes, for which they were made. There are also other reasons assigned by writers on eccle- siastical history. Believing that a close analogy subsisted between the Levitical economy and the Christian religion, the sacerdotal orders of the church began early to, aspire to the ranks, rights, and privileges, that were conferred upon the consecrated orders under the Mosaic dispensa- tion. Bishops were believed to be the successors of the chief priests, presbyters the successors of the common priesthood, and deacons the succes- sors of the Levites; and hence the claim to tithes and first-fruits, as belonging to the clergy by a divine right; hence splendid garments, and other circumstances of external grandeur; and hence, too, the notion, that the sacrament of the Lord's supper is an oblation, or sacrifice, and not a mere commemoration of a sacrifice:-for, it must be noted, that the great mystery of iniquity, which at length undermined the influence of the doctrines of atonement and of justification by faith alone, began early to work in the 'church of God When a spirit of worldliness had entered the church, and when its ministers, not having faith in the power and grace of Christ, thought of sustaining and propagating his religion only by a carnal policy; then they sought to give dignity to the Gospel in the view of Pagans, by throwing a mystic air over its institutions. The name of mysteries was given to its plain and simple rites, and men were initiated into these pretended mys teries by imposing formalities. Thus they en deavoured to divest the religion of Christ of that "foolishness," in the estimation of the Pagan Greek, which it had when preached by the Apostle Paul. A plausible reason for multiplying the external rites of the church, was found in the ignorance and narrow capacities of many, who were thought to need the aid of visible representations,in order ' to understand the truths of the Gospel. Repre sentations, addressed to the senses, had long been customary in the Pagan religion of the east, and this doubtless hastened their adoption in the church. It was by them the flood- gates were opened to that idolatry, which, not many ages afterwards, distracted, divided, .and desolated Christendom. I have elsewhere remarked, that the modern Greek worships with his face towards the rising sun. Such was the custom of all the ancient Pagan nations in that part of the world, found in the notion that God was a finite being, and dwelt in that quarter of the heavens. The early Christians, while they attributed an all-per vading presence to Jehovah, retained the custom of worshipping him with their faces towards the east. Such is one account of the rise of this custom. It should be stated, however, that the ancients attribute to it another origin. They say, that the east is the symbol of Christ, who is called the Morning Star, the Light, the Sun of Righteousness; and that, as they must worship towards some quarter, they choose that which was most agreeably significant. In the third century the rites and ceremonies were multiplied. Incense began to be used in many churches. Baptism was now performed only in the presence of such as had been initiated into the Christian mysteries, and regeneration was thought to be the immediate effect of this rite. Previous to its administration, however, the exorcist employed his professional skill (for exorcism was made a profession) to liberate the person from the power of Satan. The origin of this superstition is found in the opinions of the times, " The Christians, in general, were persuaded, that rational souls, deriving their existence from God, must consequently be in themselves pure, holy, and endowed with the noble principles of liberty and virtue. But upon this supposition, it was difficult to account for the corrupt propensities and actions of men any other way, than by attributing them either to the malignant nature of matter, or the influence and compelling them to sin. The former of these opinions was embraced by the Gnostics, but was rejected by true Christians, who denied the eternity of matter, considering it as a creature of God, and therefore adopted the latter notion, that in all vicious persons there was a certain evil being, the author and source of their corrupt dispositions and their unrighteous deeds. The driving out of this demon was now considered as an essential preparation for baptism, after the administration of which, the candidates returned home, adorned with crowns, and arrayed in white garments, as sacred emblems- the former of their victory over sin and the world, the latter of their inward purity and innocence." In this manner, and so early, did the doctrine of spiritual regeneration and remission of sins, as a conse quence of baptism, find a place in the Christian church. As an effect of this opinion, baptism was called the water of life, the spiritual birth, the regeneration of the soul, the laver of regene ration, salvation, the seal of immortality, and by other names of similar import. It was attended with the ceremonies of stripping off the clothes, making the sign of the cross, clothing in white raiment, carrying lighted tapers, giving the kiss of peace, &c.; And as the ancients turned to- wards the east, when they worshipped God, so they faced the west, when, at their baptism, they renounced the devil—" the west being," says Cyril of Jerusalem, " the place of darkness, and Satan is darkness, and his strength is darkness." So Jerome says, " We first renounce him who is in the west, who dies to us with our sins; and then, turning about to the east, we make a co- venant with the Sun of Righteousness, and pro mise to be his servants." The Lord's Supper was now celebrated with more ceremony and display, than in the previous century, and the bishops, departing still farther from the ancient simplicity, began to model their sermons according to the rules of the rhetoricians. The custom of frequent fasting was growing into repute; so also was celibacy : and both of these facts are attributed by Mosheim to a prevalent belief, that they who took wives, and they who pampered themselves with delicious fare, were specially subject to the influence of malignant demons. The sign of the cross was regarded as a sure defence against the snares and assaults of this species of enemies. The theory of monasticism is said to be founded in the notion, that the monk, by denying himself the pleasures of the world, and devoting himself to suffering, makes an atonement for the sins and follies of his brethren, who remain exposed to the storms and temptations of the world. This' being admitted, it would be natural to suppose, that the more numerous the monks became, the better would it be for mankind. The monkish orders do not appear, however, to have had their origin in this dangerous notion. Nor do the monks in general appear to have been actuated so much by a benevolent regard for the good of others, as by an apprehension that monastic austerities would contribute materially to their own salvation. Sequestrated from the noise and temptations of the world, in the wilderness and solitary places, the early monks expected, by extraordinary fasting and prayer, to make extra ordinary attainments in sanctity.. Considering that paganism had long afforded examples of this anti-social life, in the arid and burning climates of Egypt, Syria, Mesopotamia, and India, where the mind naturally inclines to indolence and melancholy, we might expect to see a Christian imitation of it in the same countries. Accord ingly, in the third century, while persecution was raging in Egypt, a young man of lower Thebais, possessing learning, wealth, and piety, retired to mountains, lived ninety years as a hermit, and died at the age of one hundred and thir- teen. History recognises him as the father of monkery. He probably mistook the path of his duty, and it is certain his example led the way to enormous evils, which still afflict the greater part of the Christian world. We now enter the fourth century, in the early part of which Constantine the Great, became master of the Roman world, and Christianity the religion of the empire. The change was vast in its consequences; yet the downfall of Paganism could not have produced, at the time, any very striking changes in the external worship of the empire: for gorgeous robes, mitres, tiaras, wax-tapers, crosiers, processions, lustrations, images, gold and silver vases, and many such circumstances of pageantry, were to be seen in the Christian churches scarcely less than they had been in the Pagan temples. The churches, before the time of Constantine, were simple structures. He everywhere erected magnificent edifices, modelled, in some respects, according to the Jewish temple. Some of these were built in retired places over the tombs of martyrs, where divine service was performed only on particular occasions; others were erected for the daily assemblies of Christians. "At this time," says a learned historian of the church, " it was looked upon as an essential part of reli gion to have in every country a multitude of churches; and here we look for the true origin of what is called the right of patronage, which was introduced among Christians with no other view than to encourage the opulent to erect a great number of churches, by giving them the privilege of appointing the ministers that were to officiate in them. This was a new instance of that servile imitation of the ancient superstitions which reigned at this time; for it was a very common notion among the people of old, that nations and provinces were happy and free from danger, in proportion to the number of fanes aud temples which they consecrated to the worship of gods and heroes, whose protection and succour could not fail, as it was thought, to be shed abundantly upon those, who worshipped them with such zeal, and honoured them with so many marks of veneration and respect. The Christians unhappily contracted the same erroneous way' of thinking. The greater the number of temples was which they erected in honour of Christ, and his chosen friends and followers, the more san guine did their expectations grow of powerful succours from them, and of a peculiar interest in the divine protection. They were so weak as to imagine that God, Christ, and celestial intelli gences, were delighted with those marks and testimonies of respect, which captivate the hearts of wretched mortals." [ To be Continued j . 