Literature and Science. REVIEW. The Australian Magazine, No. I., January, 1838\. A. Cohen, Sydney. We hail the birth of this literary periodical, not only on account of the fair amount of creditable and interesting matter which it contains, but for this reason particularly, that we consider there is an ample field and a sufficiency of talent in the colony, for the occupation and maintenance of such a work, exclusive entirely of the ample and peculiar province of newspaper publications. In the infancy or childhood of a colony, a public newspaper or two may be amply sufficient for the display and exercise of literary talent, as well as for the dispensing of civil and political infor- mation; but in a colony like New South Wales, whose internal resources are so immense — whose commerce is becoming so extensive — and whose Government and Public Institutions are assum- ing so important a standing in the eyes of the world — it is not to be wondered at, that the grounds of political and commercial speculation within the sphere of its own domestic and im- mediate interests, should be enough to engross the attention and labours of the newspaper Press: while on the other hand, the increasing wealth, independence, and refinement of the people, de- mand that a field should be opened up for the exercise, cultivation, and display of native genius in the higher walks of Politics, Philosophy, Lite- rature, and Art. Such a province The Australian Magazine is now beginning to occupy; and as this number, the first, and we hope not the last, of its race, evidently shows that there is talent engaged in the work, we trust that its progress and future efforts will be worthy the high and dignified task it has assumed. In accordance with an intimation in our last, we now proceed to notice cursorily the individual articles and merits of this production. In the short but neatly written Dedication to the Australian Public, which prefaces the work, we are informed and are proud to notice, that "the most arduous part of it was written by the Sons of Australia ;" and this circumstance will, in some instances entitle it by all means to a considerable portion of indulgence. The first article under the head of "Australia," is admirably written, and delineates with con- siderable enthusiasm and energy, the present strength and standing of our now important and still rising colony. As specimens of the style and merit of this piece of composition, we beg to favour our readers with the following extracts: "In whatever view we behold Australia, we see it teeming with resources, which, combating with every difficulty, will at no distant period make it a great, a happy, and an extensive em- pire. The legislators of our parent state may cramp our energies, prejudice our trade, and re- tard our progress; but it is impossible for them to destroy the innate vigour of our constitution. Though every effort of art, all the engines of ty- ranny and oppression, were employed to bend us to the earth, yet will we inevitably break through the shades of infancy and insignificance, and burst into the sunshine of national prosperity. Placed in a climate the most salubrious, on a soil the most fruitful, and near an ocean the most productive in the world, it is natural to suppose that we cannot fail to become both prosperous and important. The most superficial observer must be aware, that by being treated with jus- tice, judgment, and moderation, we can be formed into one of the most precious jewels by which the British diadem can be at once both strengthened and adorned. And it is no less ap- parent, that if we be ruled with ignorance and injustice, England will, before many years will have elapsed, be deprived of a colony on which, in the time of need, it might safely rely for assist- ance. No one can behold the elegance of our towns, the wealthy condition of our country, the advancement of our literary institutions, and the extent of our commerce, without a mingled feeling of astonishment and respect. Fifty years since, and this colony was a desolate solitude — to day, it is a cultivated country, every feature of which indicates a superior degree of civilization and re- finement." And, again, after alluding on the one hand to the various disadvantages and difficulties which the colony had at first, and has even partially still to combat with, and after noticing, on the other, those circumstances and public measures which have promoted its prosperity, the writer of this article continues as follows:— " But though we were happy amongst our- selves, we might have remained, even to this day, unknown and unhonoured abroad, were we unable to produce any thing fit for exportation. A nation may possess in itself every source of comfort and enjoyment, but to render it great and powerful the aid of a wide and extensive commerce is required. We are gifted in an emi- nent degree with all the various requisites for carrying on every species of commercial inter- course, even to the most distant nations. Our harbours are safe and capacious; our seamen are resolute and active; our ships are strong and durable; and our commodities are valuable and abundant. So favourable is our soil and climate to the propagation and improvement of sheep, that, though but yesterday we were in our infancy, we now annually export more wool than even Saxony, so long renowned for the excellence of its pastures. To such an amazing height has the enterprising spirits of our merchants contributed to exalt us, that the state of the British oil mar- kets is almost entirely dependent on the success of our whalers." Of the next article in prose we are sorry we cannot speak so favourably. It bears the title of " A True Story ;" but while we doubt not that it has truth fundamentally to recommend it, we cannot help expressing the conviction that it is the work of a novice in literature, and one, too, who has no great share of correct taste, or know- ledge of the human heart. We would not wish to be hypocritical, or discourage any youthful aspirant by illiberal and fastidious remarks on his first attempt; but from what the author lets us understand in speaking of himself, in relation to the story, we shrewdly guess that he has some nicks in his horn, and cannot claim the indulgence bespoken for our Australian youth. And, besides, it is of the utmost importance, in a literary Magazine above all things, on ac- count of the influence it will exercise on the taste and literary character of our youth, to point out defects, as well as notice merits, in order that care may hereafter be taken to exclude from so prominent a place as this article occupies, any such contemptible production. The style of this article, (which in fact forms the first piece of light reading in the Magazine,) and the justness of our remarks upon it, may be judged of from such specimens as the following. In describing the site of a farm-house, the abode of the unhappy herione of this True Story, the author speaks of a "high mound of earth which, by great labour, rose in verdant majesty some distance above the level of the house" — the mound, it seems, had a tough job in raising itself to the elevation referred to. If the mound was an artificial one, the author should have made us clearly understand that, by saying that it was raised by great labour; if, on the other hand, it was a natural mound, or knoll, then it was sufficient to have said, that " it rose, without any labour at all, in verdant majesty, some distance above the level of the house." .A little farther on, in this article, we are pre- sented with the following ridiculous sentence, which is only of a piece with the rest of this literary gem : " After several ineffectual attempts, which but inflamed his wishes and produced that prepara- tory excitement so favourable to one who is de- termined to be enamoured to a certain point, this young officer at last succeeded in getting a view of the unsuspecting maiden ; but such an im- pression did it make on him, that he resolved no influence but that of his personal persuasion should induce her to listen to his suit." There are several verbal improprieties in this article, such as, for instance; " She seemed per- fectly sensible that her time was short in this world;" if reference is here made to the time past of her life, then the expression may do; but if the remainder of her life was meant, then "was to be short in this world" would have been more correct. We have gone thus minutely into this article, because it stands on the very threshold of the Magazine, of which we are very much astonished, considering the ability and talent of those who appear to be connected with it. " Botany Bay" is a short but excellent specimen of descriptive composition, and indeed all the articles subscribed J. A. B., are of a very superior kind, and evidently the productions of a person of no ordinary talent. The story about " The Dibbses" is written by the same individual and displays taste in the style, and interest in the narrative. Towards the centre of the Magazine its ma- terials become superior, both in point of style and importance. The article on The Adminis- tretion of Sir Richard Bourke, occupies no less than thirteen pages, and embraces a detailed re- view of the various acts of our late Governor. It contains a mass of information in regard to the legislative history of the colony for the last six years; it will not however be completed till the next number is published. The story of The Drummer, is really a capital thing. Its style is good, and the philosophical observations which it contains, combined with the practical tendency of the piece, do credit to the Australian who subscribes himself its author. The scene of the story lies in the colony — in the neighbourhood of Castlereagh, and its utility consists in the amusing and forcible exposure it furnishes, of the baseless absurdity of vulgar su- perstition as to ghosts and post mortem visitations. There is an article of considerable merit, and containing much useful information on the Fi- nancial Situation and Future Prospects of the Colony, from the conclusion of which we furnish our readers with the following extract:— " Our wool-growers must, therefore, lay them- selves out for the cheap production of a good material, or they will not find their advantage in the continuance of this branch of rural occu- pation, as the principal object of their efforts, and their main dependence. They must be eco- nomical in their establishments and style of living, and moderate in their expectations — they must buy less land, and contrive to do with fewer servants — they must read intelligent and judicious books on sheep farming, and the growth and raising fine wool. And necessity, the mother of invention, must come in aid of their efforts, in directing them to expedients of management, by means of which they can do with less of the one, and abridge the other — we mean, of course, the land and the labour. "As to the state of our trading and mercantile interests, we may be, as we believe, in fact, we are, considerably in debt to Great Britain, and other countries on account of importations (prin- cipally by reason of the depreciation in the Bri- tish markets of the value of our exports or re- mittances of produce) — but we are not alarmingly in debt. Success in our fisheries, and prudence on the part of our merchants in their future orders for, and importations of goods and foreign pro- ducts, will soon counteract the effect of the pre- sent excess, and cancel the debt now owing, as the balance of the trade against the colony. Even the latest advices from England, at the moment of our writing this part of our article, are of a more cheering character as to the re-action in prices there, of our great staple commodity, and of our fish oils." The " Metropolitan Ramblings," is tastefully written, and contains some deep and affecting pictures of human life. The Agricultural Report, and the-article on the Medical Treatment of Sheep, under the de- structive and contagious epidemic, Catarrh, are both useful portions of the materials of the Ma- gazine. We hope these or such other topics as these, will continue to have a place in the work. The Poetry of The Australian Magazine, in this number at least, is rather puerile, but as it is probably the first infant flutterings of some native Muse, we must not be ungracious in our notice of it. We select what we consider to be a fa- vourable specimen: STAR OF AUSTRALIA. Queen of the south! by flashing waves surrounded, Oh! lady of the sea. Wealth, Wisdom, power, and empire unbounded, Thy heritage shall be. Gaze mortal, gaze, on the expanse of ocean— Gaze on the spreading shore, Are these not things that wake the soul's devotion; Gaze, mortal, and adore. Say, will the hand that hath in wisdom crowded A water drop with life, Leave this vast shore, unpeopled still, and shrouded From human joys and strife. Turn to the page, by history recorded; See what the legend shows, A land, whose fame and deeds by all are lauded, From the same source arose. See, through the mist of years, the future beaming, Things glory o'er the page; Exceeding e'en the wild Enthusiast's dreaming, And baffling the Sage. There, from the deep where thou dust hold thy dwelling. Come to thy kindred skies. Hasten! the gloom before thy rays dispelling— Star of Australia, rise? There are just two articles of merit which we believe we have not yet noticed, viz.: The Drunkard's Death Struggle, and the Freedom of the Press. The former of these contains an af- fecting and thrilling description of a most har- rowing and awful event. Let the drunkard read it and tremble for his dying hour. The latter article is one of those able pieces of composition in this number, subscribed J. A. B.; the senti- ments it contains are sound, dignified, and manly, and couched in language that is both clear and vigorous. On this important subject we will take our last extract:— "'No person, on perusing the history of Great Britain, can remain ignorant of the astonishing influence which the Press possesses over the destinies of a nation. In every revolution or political convulsion, which, during the last cen- tury has occurred, it has been eminently promi- nent. From it, impartial ministers have frequently received instruction — and by it, the corrupt have been struck with terror, and diverted from their iniquitous proceedings. In a rapidly advancing community like ours, the respectability of the Press should be strictly maintained — each ex- treme should be carefully, avoided — and truth should form the basis of political discussion. How far this principle is acted upon in this colony is easy to be determined. No one, on perusing a certain portion of our journals, can restrain their astonishment at the intemperate manner in which ordinary affairs are criticised and condemned. Candour and decency appear to be banished from their pages, and personal scurrility and unrestrained malevolence form their predominating features The Editors of these journals immeasureably overstep the bounds which reason and custom have assigned them. They unhesitatingly prostitute to the vilest purposes the powerful engine with which they are entrusted; they wilfully endeavour to sacrifice public prosperity to private advantage; and finally, they unconsciously take the most decisive steps to frustrate the intentions of their party, and cause themselves to be universally hated and despised. To allow these infatuated men to proceed in their ungentlemanly career with impunity, may by them be construed into a regard for the liberty of the Press; but im- partial writers will look upon this as a tacit en- couragement of the open violation of that liberty so essential to public advantage. It is the duty of every honourable individual in the community to exert himself to accomplish the downfall of him who could act so directly in opposition to the dictates of his conscience — universal indigna- tion should pursue the wretch — treat with con- tempt his assertions — and stigmatize him as an unprincipled and mercenary villain." In conclusion, now, of our hurried and merely cursory review of this promising periodical, we may remark that we have been rather more minute in noticing the various portions of the work, simply, because it is the first number, and much is generally to be augured from the ability and success with which it is got up. We assure our readers, that notwitstanding the defects we have felt it our duty to criticise; there is still enough of talent of a respectable order mani- fested in the pages of this number, to afford ample reason to hope that The Australian Ma- gazine will succeed. 