POSTHUMOUS PAPERS OF THE PICKWICK CLUB. THE PICKWICKIAN. CHAPTER XXXI. (Continued from our last.) " A necklace," replied Jack Hopkins. " Not all at once, you know, that would be too much you couldn't swallow that, if the child did-eh, Mr. Pickwick, ha, ha" Mr. Hopkins appeared highly gratified with his own pleasantry and con- firmed-" the way was this a child's parents were poor people who lived in a court. Child's eldest sister bought a necklace common necklace, made of large black wooden beads. Child being fond of toys, cribbed the necklace, hid it, played with it, cut the string, and swallowed a bead. Child thought it capital fun, went back next day, and swallowed another head." " Bless my heart," said Mr. Pickwick, " what a dreadful thing ! I beg your pardon, sir, Go on." " Next day, child swallowed two beads ; the day after that, he treated himself to three, and so on, till in a week's time he had got through the necklace, five-and-twenty beads in all. The sister, who was an industrious girl, and seldom treated herself to a bit of finery, cried her eyes out, at the loss of the necklace ; looked high and low for it; but I needn't say didn't find it. A few days afterwards, the family were at dinner baked shoulder of mutton, and potatoes under it the child, who wasn't hungry, was playing about the room, when suddenly there was heard a devil of a noise, like a small bail storm. ' Don't do that, my boy, said the father. I ain't done' nothing,' said the child. " Well, don't do it again,' said the father. There was a short silence, and then the noise began again, worse than ever. ' If you don't mind what I say, my boy, said the father, a you'll find yourself in bed, in something less than a pig's whisper.' He gave the child a shake to make him obedient, and such a rattling ensued as nobody ever heard before ' Why, comments in the child I' said the father, ' he's got the croup in the wrong place !' « No I haven't, father,' said the child, beginning to cry, I it's the necklace, I swallowed it, father. The father caught the child up, and ran with him to the hospital : the beads in the boy's stomach rattling all the way with the jolting and the people looking up in the air, and down in the collars, to see where the unusual sound came from. He's in the hospital now," said Jack Hopkins, " and he makes such a devil of a noise when he walks about, that they're obliged to me like him in a watchman's coat, for fear he should wake the patients !" "That's the most extraordin- my case I ever heard of," said Mr. Pickwick, with an emphatic blow on the table. " Oh, that's nothing;" said Jack Hopkins : " is it, Bob? Certainly not," replied Mr. Bob Sawyer. " Arery singular things occur in our profession, I can assure you, sir," said Hopkins. " So I should be disposed to imagine," replied IWr. Pickwick. Another knock at the door announced a large headed young man in a black wig, who brought with him a scorbutic y 5th in a long stock. The next comer was a gentleman in a shirt emblazoned with pink anchors, who was closely followed by a pale youth with a plated watch-guard. The arrival of a prim personage in clean linen and cloth boots rendered the party complete. The little table with the green baize cover was wheeled out ; the first instalment of punch was brought in, in a white jug and the succeeding three hours were devoted to visitors at sixpence a dozen, which was only once interrupted by a slight dispute between the scorbutic youth and the gentleman' with the pink anchors in the course of which the scorbutic youth intimated a burning desire to pull the nose of the gentleman with the emblems of hope in reply to which, that gentleman expressed his decided unwillingness to accept of any " sauce" on gratuitous terms, either from the irascible young gentleman with the scorbutic countenance, or any other person who was ornamented with a head. When 'he lost " natural" had been declared, and the profit and loss account of fish and si> pences adjusted to the satisfaction of all parties, Mr. Bob Sawyer rang for supper, and the visiters squeezed themselves into corners while it was getting ready. It was not so easily got ready as some people may imagine. First of all, it was necessary to awaken the girl, who had fallen asleep with her face on the kitchen table ; this took a little time, and, even when the did answer the bell, another quarter of an hour was consumed in fruitless endeavours to impart to her a faint and distant glimmering of reason. The man to whom the order for the oysters had been sent, had not been told to open them ; it is a very difficult thing to open an oyster with a limp knife or a two-pronged folk, and very little. was done in this way. Very little of the beef was done either; and the ham (which was also from the German sausage shop around the corner,) was in a similar predicament. However, there was plenty of porter in a tin-can; and the cheese went a great way, for it was very strong. So, upon the whole, perhaps, the supper was quite as good as such matters usually cure. After supper another jug of punch was put upon the table, together with a paper of cigars, and a couple of bottles of spirits. Then there was an awful pause; and this awful pause was occasioned by a very common occurrence in this sort of place, but a very embarrassing one notwithstanding. The fact is, that the girl was washing the glasses. The establishment boasted four ; we do not record the circumstance as at all derogatory to Mrs. Riddle, for there never was a lodging house yet that was not short of glasses. Tim landlady's -glasses were little thin blown glass tumblers, and those which had been borrowed from the public house were great, dropsical, bloated articles, each supported on a huge gouty leg. This would have been of itself sufficient to have possessed the company with the real state of affairs is but the young woman of all-work had prevented the possibility of any misconception arising in the mind of any gentleman present by forcibly dragging every man's glass away, long before he had finished his beer, and audibly stating, despite the winks and interruptions of Mr. Bob Sawyer, that it was to be conveyed down stairs, and washed forthwith. 'It is a very ill wind that blows nobody any good. The prim man in the cloth boot"!, who had been unsuccessfully attempting to make a joke during the whole time the round game lasted, saw his opportunity, and availed himself of it. The instant the glasses disappeared, he commenced a long story about a great public character, whose name he had forgotten, making a particularly happy reply to another eminent and illustrious individual whom he had never been able to identify. He enlarged at some length and with great minuteness taken divers collateral circumstances, distinctly connected with the anecdote in hand, but for the life of him he could t recollect at that precise moment what the anecdote was, although he had been in the habit of telling the story with great applause for the last ten years. " Dear me," said the prim man in the cloth boots, " it is a very extraordinary circumstance." " I am sorry you have forgotten it," said Mr. Bob Sawyer, glancing eagerly at the door, as he thought he heard the noise of glasses jiiHi loss " very sorry." " So am I," responded the prim man, " because I know it would have afforded so much amusement. Never mind ; I dare say I shall manage to recollect it, in the course of half an hour or so." The prim man arrived at this point, just as the glasses came back, when Mr. Bob Sawyer, who had been absorbed in attention during the whole time, said he should very much like to hear the end of it, for, so far as it went, it was. without excep-. son, the very best story he had ever heard. The sight of the tumblers restored Bob Sawyer to a degree of equanimity which he had not possessed since his interview with his landlady. His face brightened up, and he began to feel quite con Tivilll. " Now, Betsy," said Mr. Bob Sawyer, with great suavity, and dispersing, at the same time, the tumultuous little mob of glasses that the girl had collected in the centre of the table ; " now, Betsy, I the warm water : he brisk, there's a good girl." " You can't have no warm water," replied j Betsy. " No warm water !" exclaimed Mr. Bob Sawyer. 1 " No," said the girl, with a shake of the head which expressed amore decided neglect ve iii in the most copious language could have conveyed. " Misses Ruddle said you warn't to have not of The surprise depicted on the countenances of his guests imparted new coinage to the host. " Bring up the warm water instantly instantly !" said Mr. Bob Sawyer, with desperate sternness. " No; I can't replied the girl; " Missis Rid case -eked out the kitchen him afore she went to bed, and lo;kewtup the little." " Oh, never mind ; never mind. Pray don't disturb yourself about such a trifle," said Mr. Pickwick, observing the conflict of Bob Sawyer's passions, as depicted in his countenance, " cold water will do very well." ' Oh, admirably," said Mr. Benjamin Allen. 2 My landlady is subject to some slight attacks of mental derangement," remarked Bob Sawyer with a ghastly smile ; '. I fear I must give her warning. No, don't," send Ben Allen. " I fear I must," said Bob with heroic firmness. " I'll pay her what I owe her, and give her warn- ing to-morrow morning." Poor fellow I how de- voutly he wished he could Mr. Bob Sawyer's heart-sickening attempts to rally under this last blow communicated a dispiriting influence to the company, the greater part of whom, with the view of raising their spirits, attached themselves with extra cordiality to the cold brandy and water, the first perceptible effects of which were displayed in a review al of hostilities between the scorbutic youth and the gentleman in the sanguine shirt. The belligerents vented their feelings of mutual contempt, for some time, in a variety of drowning and snorlings,until at last the scorbutic youth felt it necessary to come to a more explicit understanding on the matter, when the following clear understanding took place. Sawyer," said the scorbutic youth, in a loud voice. ', Well, Noddy," replied Mr. Bob Sawyer. " I should he very sorry, Sawyer," said Mr Noddy, " to create any unpleasantness at any friend's table, and much less at yours, Sawyer, very ; but I must take this opportunity of inform- ing Mr. Gunter that he is no gentleman." " And [ should be very sorry Sawyer, to create any disturbance in the street in which you reside, ' said Mr. Gunter, " That I'm afraid I shall be under the necessity of alarming the neighbours by throw- ing the person who has just spoken, out of a' window." "What do you mean by that, Sir!" inquired Mr. Noddy. " What I say, Sir," replied Mr. Gunter. " I should like to see you do it, Sir, said Mr. Noddy. " You shall feel me do it in half a minute, Sir," replied Mr. Gunter. I request that you'll favour me with your card, sir," said Mr. Noddy. " I'll do nothing' of the kind, Sir," replied Mr. Gunter. " Why not, Sir?" inquired Mr. Noddy. " Because you'll stick it up over your chimney piece, and delude your visiters into the false belief that a gentleman has been to see you, Sir," replied Mr. Gunter. " Sir, a friend of mine sh 11 wait on you in the morning," said Mr. Noddy. " Sir, I am very much obliged to you for the caution, and III leave particular directions' with the servant to lock up the spoons," replied Mr. Gunter. At this point the remainder of the guests' inter posed, and remonstrated with both parties on the impropriety of their conduct, on which Mr. Noddy begged to state that his father was quite as respectable as Mr. Gunter's father; to which Mr. Gunter replied that his father was to the full as respectable as Mr. Noddy's father, and that his father's son was as good a man as Mr. Noddy, any day in the week. As this announcement seemed the prelude to a recommencement of the dispute, there was another interference on the part of the company ; and a vast quantity of talking and clamouring ensued, in the course of which Mr. Noddy gradually allowed his feelings to overpower him, and professed that he had ever entertained a devoted personal attachment towards Mr. Gunter. To this Mr. Gunter replied that, upon the whole, be rather preferred Mr. Noddy to his own brother on hearing which admission Mr. Noddy magnanimously rose from his seat, and proffered his hand to Mr. Gunter. Mr. Gunter grasped it with affecting fervour and everybody said that the whole dispute had been conducted in a manner which was highly honourable to both parties concerned. " Now," said Jack Hopkins, "just to get us going again, is oh, I don't mind singing a song." And Hopkins, incited thereto, by tumultuous applause, plunged himself at once into The King, God bless him,' which he sang as loud as he could, to a novel air, compounded of the Bay of Biscay,' and A Frog he would The chorus was the essence of the song, and, as each gentleman sang it to the tune he knew best, the effect was very striking indeed. It was at the end of the chorus to the first verse, that Mr. Pickwick held up his hand in a listening attitude, and said, as soon as silence was restored." Hush ! I beg your pardon. I thought I heard somebody calling from up stairs." A A profound silence immediately ensued and Mr. Bob Sawyer was observed to turn pale. "I think I hear it now," said Mr. Pickwick. Have the goodness to open the door." The door was no sooner opened than all doubt on the subject was removed. " Mr. Sawicr-Mr. Sawyer" screamed a voice from the two pair landing, " It's my landlady," said Bob Sawyer, looking I round him with great dismay. " Yes, Airs. Rad- dle."' "What do you mean by this, Mr. Sawyer 1" replied the voice, with great shrillness and rapidity of utterance. " Ain't it enough to be swindled out of one's rent, and money lent out of pocket besides, and abused and insulted by your friends that dares to call themselves men, without having the house turned out of window, and noise enough made to bring the fire engines here at two o'clock in the morning Turn them wretches away." " You ought to be ashamed of yourselves," said the voice of Mr. Ruddle, which appeared to proceed from beneath some dusts t bed clothes. " Ashamed of themselves !" said Mrs. Ruddle. " Why don't you go down and knock 'em every one down stairs? you would if you was a man." " I should if I was a dozen men, my dear-," replied Mr. Raddle, pacifically, " but they've rather the advantage of me in numbers, my dear." " Ugh, you coward !" replied Mrs. Ruddle, with supreme contempt. " Do you mean to turn them wrong lies out, or not, Mr. Sawyer?" " They're going, Mrs. Huddle, they're going,'' said the n i operable Bob. " I am afraid you'd better go," said Mr. Bob Sawyer to his friends. "I thought you were making too much noise." " It's a very unfortunate thing," said the prim man. " Just as we were getting so comfortable too ! ' _ The fact was, that the poor man was just beginning to have a dawning recollection of the story he had forgotten. " It's hardly to be borne," said the prim man, looking round. *' Hardly to be borne, is it !" " Not to be endured, replied Jack Hopkins; let's have the other verse, Bob ; come, here goes." " No, no, Jack, don't," interposed Bob Sawyer ; " it's a capital song, but I am afraid we had better not have the other verse. They are very violent people, the people of the house." " Shall I stop up stairs, and pitch into the land- lord!" inquired Hopkins, '* or keep on ringing the | bell, or go and groan on the staircase ? You may command me, Bob." " I am very much indebted to you for your friend- ship and good nature, Hopkins, ' said the wretched Mr. Bob Sawyer, " but I think the best plan to avoid any further dispute is for us to break up at once." " Now, Mr. Sawyer," screamed the shrill voice of Mrs. Ruddle, " arc them brutes going!" " They're only looking for their bats, Airs. Rad- dle," said Bob ; " they are going directly." " Going !" said Mrs. Ruddle', thrusting her night cap over the bannisters just as Mr. Pickwick, followed by Mr. Tupman, emerged from the sitting room. " Going ! What did they ever come for ! ' " My dear Ala ara," remonstrated Mr. Pickwick, looking up. " Get along with you, you old wretch!" replied Mrs. Ruddle, hastily withdrawing the night cap. s old enough to be his grand tuber, you villain I You're worse than any of em." Mr. Pickwick found it in vain to protest his innocence, so hurried down stairs into the street, whither he was closely followed by Mr. Tupman, Mr. Winkle, and Mr. Snodgrass. Mr. Ben Allen, who was dismally depressed with spirits and agitation, accompanies them as far as London Bridge, and in the course of of the walk confided to Mr. Winkle, as an especially eligible person to intrust the secret to, that he was resolved to cut the throat of any gentleman except Mr. Bob Sawyer who should aspire to the affections of his sister" Arabella. Hav- ing expressed his determination to perform this painful duty of a brother with pro] er firmness, he burst into tears, knocked his hat over his eyes, and, making the best of his way back, knocked double knocks at the door of the Borough Market, and took short naps on the steps alternately, till day-break. under the firm impression that he lived there, and had forgotten the key. The visitors having all departed in compliance with the rather pressing request of Mrs. Rudder, the luckless Mr. Bob Sawyer was left alone, to c meditate on the probable events of the morrow, I and the pleasures! of the evening. CHAPTER XXXII. Mr. Weller the cider delivers some critical sentiments respecting literary Composition and assisted by MA son Samuel, pays a small instalment of retaliation to take account of the Reverend Gentleman with sacredness. The morning of the thirteenth of February, which the readers of this authentic narrative know, as well as we do, to have been the day immediately preceding that which was appointed for the trial of Mrs. BardelPs action, was a busy time for Mr. Samuel Weller, who was perpetually engaged in travelling from the George and Vulture to Mr. Parker's chambers and back again, from and between the hours of nine o'clock in the morning and two in the afternoon, both inclusive. Not that there was anything whatever to be done, for the consultation had taken place, and the course of proceeding to be adopted, had been finally determined on, but Mr. Pickwick being in a most extreme state of excitement, persevered in constantly sending small notes to his attorney; merely containing the enquiry, "Dear Porkers all going on well ?" to which Mr. Parker invariably forwarded the reply, " Dear Pickwick-As well as possible;" the fact being as we have already hinted that there was nothing whatever to go on, either well or ill, until the sitting of the court on the following morning. But people who go voluntarily to law, or are taken forcibly there, for the first time, may be allowed to labour under some temporary irritation and anxiety and Sam, with a due allowance for the frailties of human nature, obeyed alP his master's behests with that imperturbable good humour and unruff.)ble composure, which formed one of his most amiable and striking characteristics. Sam had solaced himself with a most agreeable little dinner, and was waiting at the bar for the glass of warm mixture in which Mr. Pickwick had requested him to drown the fatigues of his morning's Walks, when a young boy of about three feet, or thereabout, in a. hairy cap and fustian overalls, whose garb bespoke a laudable ambition to attain in time the elevation of an hostler, entered the passage of the George and Vulture, and looked first up the stairs, and then along the passage, and then into the bar, as if in search of some one to whom he bore a commission ; whereupon the barmaid, conceiving it not improbable that the said commission might be directed to the tea or table spoons of the establishment, accosted the boy with " Now, young man, what Aoyou want?" " Is there anybody here, named Sam?" inquired the youth, in a loud voice of treble quality. " What's the other name ?" said Sam Weller, looking round. "# How should I know ?" briskly replied the young gentleman below the hairy cap. " You're a sharp boy, you are," said Mr. Weller ; " only I wouldn't show that very fine edge too much, if I was you, in case anybody took it off. What do you mean by comin' to a hotel, and asking arter Sam, with asmuch politeness as a wild Indian ?" " 'Cos an old gentleman told me to," replied the boy. " What old gentleman ?" inquired Sam, with deep disdain. " Kim as drives a Ipswich coach, and uses our parlour rejoined the boy. He told me yesterday morning' to come to the George in Walter this afternoon, and ask for Sam." " It's my father, my dear said Mr. Weller, turning with an explanatory air to the young lady at the bar ; .' blessed if I think he hardly knows wot my other name is. Well, young brockley sprout, wot then?" " Why then," said the boy, " you was to come to him at six o'clock to our 'house 'as he wants to see you- Blue Boar, Leadenhall Market. Shall I say you're comin' ? " You may venture on that 'ere statement, Sir," replied Sam. And thus empowered, the young gentleman walked aw say, awakening all the echoes in George Yard as he did so, with several chaste and extremely correct imitations of a drover's whistle, delivered in a tone of peculiar richness and volume. Mr. Weller having obtained leave of absence from Mr. Pickwick, who, in his then state of excitement and worry was by no means displeased at being left alone, set forth long before the appointed hour and having plenty of time at his disposal, sauntered down as far as the Mansion House, where he paused and contemplated, with a face of great calmness and philosophy, the numerous cars and drivers of short stages who assemble near that famous place of resort, to the great terror and confusion of the old-lady population of these realms. Having loitered here for half an hour or so, Mr. Weller turned, and began wending his way towards Leadenhall Market, through a variety of bye streets and courts. As he was sauntering away his spare time, and stopped to look at almost every object that met his gaze, it is by no means surprising that Mr. Weller should have paused before a small stationer's and print-seller's window ; but without further explanation it does appear surprising that his eyes should have no sooner rested on certain pictures which were exposed for sale therein, than he gave a sudden start, smote his right leg with great vehemence, and exclaimed with energy, "If it hadn't been for this, I should be' forgot all about it till it was too late !" The particular picture on which Sam Weller's eyes were fixed, ashe said this, was a highly colored representation of a couple of human hearts skewered together with an j I arrow, cooking before afire fire, while a male and female cannibal in modern attire, the gentleman beingcladinablue coat and white trousers, and the lady in a deep red pelisse with a parasol of the same, were approaching the meal with hungry eyes, up a serpentine gravel path leading thereunto. A decidedly indelicate young gentleman, in a pair of wings and nothing 1, else, was depicted as superintending the cooking; a representation of the spire of the church in Langham Place, appeared in the distance and the whole formed a " valentine," of which, as a written inscription in the window testified, there was a large assortment within which the shopkeeper pledged himself to dispose of to his countrymen generally, at the reduced rate of one and sixpence each. " I should he' forgot it I should certainly he' forgot it ! ' said Sam and so saying, he at once stepped into the stationer's shop, and requested to be served with a sheet of the best gilt-edged letter paper, and a hard rubbed pen which could be warranted not to splutter. These articles having been promptly supplied, he walked on direct towards Leadenhall Market at a good round pace very different from his recent lingering one. Looking round him, he there beheld a sign-board on which the painter's art had delineated something remotely resembling a cerulean elephant with an aquiline nose in lieu of trunk. Brightly conjecturing that this was the Blue Boar himself, he stepped into the house, and inquired concerning his parent. " He won't be here this three quarters of an hour or more," said the young lady who superintend (the domestic arrangements of the Blue Boar. " Wery good, my dear," replied Sam. " Let me have nine penn'orth of brandy and water lake, and the inkstand, will you, miss?" The brandy and water lake and the inkstand having been carried into the little parlour, and the young lady having carefully flattened down the coals to prevent their blazing, and carried away the poker to preclude the possibility of the fire being stirred, without the full privity and concurrence of the Blue Boar being first had and obtained, Sam Weller sat himself down in a box near the stove, and pulled out the sheet of the gilt-edged let ter-paper, and the hard rubbed pen. Then looking carefully at the pen to see that there was no hairs in it, and dusting down the table, so that there might be no crumbs of bread under the paper, Sam tucked up the cuffs of his coat, squared his elbows, and composed himself to write. To ladies and gentlemen who are not in the habit of devoting themselves practically to the science of penmanship, writing a letter is no very easy task, it being always considered necessary in such cases for the writer to recline his head on his left arm so as to place his eyes as nearly as possible on a level with the paper, and while glancing sideways at the letters he is constructing, to form with his tongue imaginary characters to correspond. These motions, although unquestionably of the greatest assistance to original composition, regard in some degree the progress of the writer, and Sam had unconsciously been a full hour and a half writing words in small text, smearing out wrong letters with his little finger, and putting in new ones which required going over very often to render them visible through the old blots, when he was roused by the opening of the door and the entrance of his parents . " Well, Sammy," said the father. Well, my Prooshan Blue," responded the son, laying down his pen- " What's the last bulletin about mother-in-law ?" " Mrs. Weller passed a very good night, but is uncommon perverse, and unpleasant this morning' - signed upon oath-S. Veller, Esquire, Senior. That's the last war as was issued, Sammy," replied Mr. Weller, untying his shawl. " No better yet?" inquired Sam. " All the symptoms avgerawated," replied Mr. Weller, shaking his head. " But wot's that, you're a dome' of pursuit of knowledge under difficulties \- eh Sammy ?" " I've done now," said Sam with slight embarrassment; "I've been a writer'." " So I see," replied Mr. Weller. " Not to any young 'ooman, I hope, Sammy." " Why it's no use in saying' it ain't," replied Sam, " It's a valentine." "A what!" exclaimed Mr. Weller, apparently horror-stricken by the word. " A Valentine," replied Sam. " Samuel, Samuel," said Mr. Weller, in reproachful accents, " I didn't think you'd be' done it. After the warning' you're had o' your father's vicious propensities, after all I've said to you upon this here every subject; after acts wally seeing' and being in the company of your own mother-in-law, vich I should he' thought was a moral lesson as no man could ever be' forgotten to his dying' day I I didn't think you'd be' done it, Sammy, I didn't think you'd be' done it." These reflections were too much for the good old man. He raised Sam's tumbler to his lips and drank off its contents." " Wot's the matter now !" said "Sam. " Never mind, Sammy," replied Mr. Weller, " it'll be a wery agonizing' trial to me at my time of life, but Pam pretty tough, that's one consolation, as the weary old turkey remarked even the farmer said he was afeared he should be obliged to kill him, for the L'Hi on market." " We'll be a trial ?" inquired Sam. To see you married, Sammy-to see you a deluded victim, and thinkin' in your ignorance that it's all very capital," replied Mr. Weller. " It's a dreadful trial to a father's feelings, that 'ere, Sammy." ' Nonsense," said Sam. I ain't a goin' to get married, don't you fret your, self about that; I know you're a judge of' these things. Order in your pipe, and I'll read you the letter-there." We cannot distinctly say whether it was the prospect of the pipe, or the con- solatory reflection that a fatal disposition to get married ran in the family and couldn't be helped, which calmed Mr. Weller's feelings, and caused his grief to subside. We should be rather disposed to say that the result was attained by combining the two sources of consolation, for he repeated the second in a low tone, very frequently ; ringing the bell meanwhile, to order in the first. He then divested himself of his upper coat; and lighting the pipe, and placing himself in front of the fire with his back towards it, so that he could feel its full heat, and recline against the mantel-piece at the same time, turned towards Sam, and, with a countenance greatly modified by ? | the softening influence of tobacco, real E quested him to "fire away." Sam dipped his pen into the ink to be ready for any corrections, and began with a very theatrical air-? a Lovely-' " " Stop," said Mr. Weller, ringing the bell. " A double glass of' the invariable, my dear." '" Very well, Sir," replied the girl, who with great quickness appeared, vanished, returned, and disappeared. " They seem to know your ways here," observed Sam. " Yes," replied his father, " I've been here before, in my time Go on Sammy." " Lovely creature," repeated Sam. " 'Taint in poetry, is it?" interposed the father. " No no," replied Sam. " Werry glad to hear it," said Mr. Weller. " Poetry's unnat'ral ; no man ever talked in poetry 'cept a beadle on boxin' day, or War en's blacking', or Rowland's all, or some o' them low fellows; never you let yourself down to talk poetry, my boy. Begin again Sammy." Mr. Weller resumed his pipe with critical solemnity, and Sam once more commenced, and read as follows. " * Lovely creature I feel myself a dammed'-." " That ain't proper," said Mr. Weller, taking his pipe from his mouth. " No; it ain't dammed," observed Sam, holding the letter up to the light, " it's 'shamed,' there's a blot there-' I feel myself ashamed.'" " Very good," said Mr. Weller. " Go on." " ' Feel myself ashamed, and completely cir ' I forget won this here word is," said Sam, scratching his head with the pen, in vain attempts to remember.. Why don't you look at it, then ?" inquired Mr. Weller. " So I am a lookin' at it," replied Sam, " but there's another blot : here's a ' ' and a ' i,' and a ' d.' " " Circumwented, p'raps," suggested Mr. Weller. "No it ain't that," said Sam, " circumscribed, that's it." " That ain't as good a word as circum- wanted, Sammy," said Mr. Weller gravely. " Think not ?" said Sam. " Nothing' like it," replied his father. " But don't you think it means more ?" inquired Sam. " Well p'raps it is a more tenderer word," said Mr. Weller, after a few moments' reflection. " Go on, Sammy." " ' Feel myself ashamed and completely circumscribed in dressing' of you, for you are a nice goal and nothin' but it.'" " That's a werry pretty sentiment," said the elder Mr. Weller, removing his pipe to make way for the remark. " Yes, I think it is rayther good," observed Sam, highly flattered. " Wot I like in that 'ere style of writing' said the elder Mr. Weller. " is, that there ain't no calling' names in it,— no Wenuses, nor nothin' of' that kind; wot's the good of' calling' a young 'ooman a Wenus or a angel, Sammy ?" " Ah ! what, indeed?" replied Sam. " You might just as well call her a griffin, or a unicorn, or a king's arms at once, which is very well known to be a collection of fabulous animals," added Mr. Weller. " Just as well," replied Sam. " Drive on, Sammy," said Mr. Weller. Sam complied with the request, and proceeded as follows; his father continu- ing to smoke, with a mixed expression of wisdom and complacency, which was particularly edifying. " ' Afore I see you I thought all women was alike.'" " So they are," observed the elder Mr. Weller, parenthetically. " But now,' continued Sam, ' now I find what a reg'lar soft-headed, ink- credulous turnip I must have' been for there ain't nobody like you though I like you better than nothin' at all. I thought it best to make that rather strong," said Sam, looking up. Mr. Weller nodded approvingly, and Sam resumed. " So I take the privilege of the day, Mary, my dear as the gentleman in difficulties did, even he walked out of a Sunday to tell you that the first and only time I see you your likeness was took on my hart in much quicker time and brighter colours than ever a likeness was took by the prefect machen (wich p'r'aps you may have heerd on Mary my dear) altho it does finish a portrait and put the frame and glass on complete with a hook at the end to hang it up by and all in two minutes and a quarter." " I am afraid that waited on the poetical, Sammy," said Mr. Weller, dubiously " No it don't," replied Sam, reading on very quickly, to avoid contesting the point. " ' Except of me Mary my dear as your valentine and think over what I've said. - My dear Mary I will now con- clude.' That's all,' said Sam. " That's rather a sudden pull up, ain't it Sammy ?" inquired Mr. Weller. " Not a bit on it," said Sam ; " She'll wish there was more, and that's the great art of letter writing " < Well," said Mr. Weller, " there's somethin' in that and I wish your mother in law 'and only conduct her conversation on the same genteel principK Ain't you goin' to sign it ?" " " That's the difficulty," said Sam "I don't know what to sign it." " Sign it - Weller," said the oldest proprietor of that name. " Won't do," said Sam. " Never sign a a Walentine with your own name." " Sign it < Pickwick,' then," said Mr. I Weller; " it's a very good name, and an easy one to spell." "The very thing," said Sam. "I could end with a worse what do you think ?" " I don't like it, Sam," rejoined Mr. Weller. " I never know'd a respectable coachman as wrote poetry, 'cept one, as made an affection' copy of werses the night afore he was hung for a highway robbery, and he was only a Camberwell man, so even that's no rule." But Sam was not to be dissuaded from the poetical idea that had occurred to him, so he signed the letter " Your love-sick I Pickwick." And having folded it, in a very intricate j manner, squeezed a down-hill direction] on one corner : " To Mary, Housemaid, at Mr. Hopkins's Mayor's, Ipswich, Suffolk" and put it into his pocket, watered, and ready for the General Post. This important business having been transacted, Mr. Weller the elder proceeded to open that, on which he had summoned his son. " The first matter relates to your governor, Sammy," said Mr. Weller. " He's a goin' to be tried to-morrow, ain't he ?" " The trials a comin' on," replied Sam. t " Veil," said Mr. Weller, " Now' I s'pose he'll want to call some witnesses to speak to his character, or perhaps to prove a halley, I've been a turn in the business over in my mind, and he may make himself easy. Sammy. I've got some friends asl do either for him, but my advice 'and be this here-and stick to the alleged. Nothing like a alleys Sammy, nothing." Mr. Weller looked very profound as he delivered this legal opinion and burying his nose in his tumbler, worked over the top thereof, at his astonished son. " It by, what do you mean?" said Pam ; " you don't think he's a goin' to be tried at the Old Bailey, do you ?" " That ain't no part of the present consideration, Sammy," replied Mr. Weller. " Vcrovcr he's a goin' to be tried, my boy, a allaying the thing to get him off. We got Tom Vildspark off that 'ere manslaughter,' with a alleys, ven all the big wigs to a man said as nothing could gave him. And my 'opinion is, Sammy, that if your governor don' prove a alleges, he will be what the Italians call regularly flummoxed, and that's all about it." As the elder Mr. Weller entertained a firm and unalterable conviction that the Old Bailey was the supreme court of judicature in this country, and that its rules and forms of proceeding regulated and controlled the practice of all other courts whatsoever, he totally disregarded the assurances and arguments of his son, tending to show that the alibi was inad- missible and vehemently protested that Mr. Pickwick was being " victimised.' Finding that it was of no use to discuss the matter further, Sum changed the subject, and inquired what the second topic was, on which his revered parent wished to consult him. " That's a pint of domestic policy, Sammy," said Mr. Weller. " This here Stiggins-" red-nosed man ? ' inquired Sam. " The very same," replied Mr. Weller. " This here red-nosed man, Sammy, visits your mother-in-law with a kindness and constancy as I never see equalled. He's such a friend of the family, Sammy, that even he's away from us, he can't be comfortable unless he has something' to remember us by." " And I'd give him something' as 'ud turpentine and beeswax his memory for the next ten years or so, if I were you," interposed and. " Stop a minute," said Mr. Weller ; " I was a going to say, he always brings now a flat bottle as holds about a pint and a half, and fills it with the pine-apple rum afore he goes away." " And empties it afore he comes back, I s'pose," said Sam. " Clean !" replied Mr. Weller; " never leaves nothin' in it but the cork and the smell : trust him for that, Sammy. Now these here fellows, my boy, are a goin', to-night, to get up the monthly meeting of the Brick Lane Branch of the United Grand Junction Ebenezer Temperance Association. Your mother-in-law was a goin', Sammy, but she's got the rheu- matics, and can't and I, Sammy I've got the two tickets as was sent her." Mr. Weller communicated this secret with great glee, and winked so indefatigably after doing so, that Sam began to think, he must have got the tie Douloureux in his right eye-lid. " Well I" said that young gentleman. " Well," continued his progenitor, looking round him very cautiously, you 11 and I 11 go, punctual to the time. The deputy shepherd won't, Sammy ; the deputy shepherd won't." Here Mr. Weller was seized with a paroxysm of chuckles, which gradually terminated in as near an approach to a choke, as an elderly gentleman can, with safety, sustain. " Well, I never see such an old ghost in all my born days," exclaimed Sam, rubbing the old gentleman's back, hard enough to set him on fire with the fric- tion. "What are you a laughed at, cor silence ?" % (To be continued.) 