SOURCES OF ENOUGH ZEAL FOR TILE BLACKS. The singular circumstance of the time, is the apathy with which questions most nearly affecting the interests of the public are regarded by the units and aggregates which go to make up that heterogeneous body, compared with the zeal displayed upon a subject in which none of them have any direct concern. The declaration of Lord John Russel against Organic Changes and the Ballot, merely ruffled for a moment the dull stream of public opinion ; the ex- travagant Civil List passed without a stren- uous expression of opinion from any gather- ing of the people ; the revolt in Canada, from which, even yet, as Lord Fitzwilliam said, " an Iliad of woes may spring," be- came a bore when the first excitement was over : the debates in the "' Reform Parlia- ment" cannot rouse the attention of the most exciteable,—-and small blame to any one, as, besides being deceptive and dis- honest, they are insufferably dull. Their votes seem to have lost the usual power of realities ; the rejection of the Ballot, the retention of the Corn Laws, is merely a fact or an occurrence. The loss of the "last rag" which covered the Ministerial nakedness, in the abandonment of " the great measure "—worthy Mr. Ward's " ap- propriation principle," seems hardly to cause a remark ; and the sight of Whig hypocrites in puris nutral bus does not draw, even from prudes, a downcast look or an expression of " Oh, fie !" And yet the country is in convulsions upon the question, whether the Black Ap- prentices shall have their indentures can- celled in August next, or be compelled to serve out their time ! How is this ? Whence the seeming anomaly of neglecting the interest of one's own shirt—nay, of one's own skin—for that of men with whom we have no social intercourse, and no natural sympathy ?— The inquiry is curious, if difficult, and not perhaps unworthy of scrutiny by a look- er-on. One of the causes is unquestionably to be found in the nature of the respective subjects. In matters of finance and poli- tical economy, the questions are an affair of scientific exposition and that of a dry kind ; their present injurious operation upon the public, the probable results of any change, do not admit of very exact applica- tion as regards individuals or classes ; and their-effects can only he understood by a laborious process of thought and inquiry. The same, though not to the same extent, may be said of political measures. 'They are all abstractions—-cold, lifeless, " with out form and void." But slavery proves itself ; its evils are embodied, and animated by a living spirit. It has action, actors, and horrors. The kidnapping in Africa— the sufferings and murders of the middle passage—the separation of families—the whip of the driver—the lust and hatreds of the owners—the ravages or wanton cruel- ties of masters or mistresses, exercised in all the frightful modes in which human passion when unrestrained can show itself —suffering nothing by transmission per- haps, and though undoubtedly true, taken probably from isolated cases—thrill the blood and fire the brain. The subject, too, fills the mind, and stirs the memory with all that historians have written, poets sung and orators spoken, from the time of the Spanish discovery of America down to the year 1838 ; the horrors of slavery have formed the theme of school lessons for ingenious youths, and been served up as a succedanium for ghost stories. Ordinary home questions, in short, are as dull as lec- tores or sermons—slavery has the excite- ment of a tragedy. This, however, is only one cause, and almost a legion is in operation The re- ligious opinions of many Emancipationists forbid them to partake in the lighter amusements of society ; and shut out from other sources, a slavery meeting, where there is never any lack of high colouring, is at once a fashion and an excitement—as the saying is, ' it's as good as a play.' Ex- cept with planters. activity on this subject is followed by no injury or ill-will. A Tory or a Whig aristocrat may call a tenant or a tradesman, who agitates for ' instant aboli- tion,' and drinks 'free labour sugar,' an enthusiast, but he does not withdraw his custom or turn a man out of his farm. In- dividuals, who are disgusted with the state of home polities, but dare not move in them lest they should ' bring in the Tories,' find here a safe opportunity to ' take an interest in public affairs.' All, to others— and it would argue great ignorance of human nature not to admit, many to them- selves—can easily acquire a reputation for humanity, and even combine the delicious glow of theoretical with the satisfactory feelings of practical virtue, without any cost or trouble. Let us say too, proudly and truly, that in spite of all sneer, at our coldness, the sympathy of no other nation is so easily roused in the cause of humanity so steady in the pursuit of it, or so prompt to make sacrifices for it out of the public treasure. Nor must the exertions of Brougham be forgotten,—the only man capable of rousing the mind of Great Britain. A good deal, after all, must be allowed for the distance of the scene, which, by obliterating all counteracting or qualifiing points, brings out the more striking ones into bold relief. Omne ignotum pro mag- nifico. Familiarity is destructive of romance, and equally so of sustained excitements. The evils we are born to, by a provision of nature are bearable; we get hardened by use ; and oppression rouses men to great exertions, but mere love of reform never. Peter the Hermit might have split his lungs (if the powers of the time would have let him) in denunciations of serfdom, feudal oppression, and royal tyranny ; and would have hardly got up a district insur- rection, much less a crusade. He told tough stories about Saracens and the sufferings of Pilgrims in the Holy Land ; and ' Europe was precipitated upon Asia.' — WORKSHOP MANOR AND ESTATE—The Duke of Norfolk has sold this splendid mansion and estate to the Duke of New- castle for £370,000 ; the income of the property just exceeds £10,000 a year, and the value of the wood upon it is £150,000 We are happy to contradict the rumour that the magnificent mansion is to be pulled down. On the contrary, it will be imme- diately furnished as a residence for the Earl of Lincoln.—Doncaster Gazette, April 9. 