THfi THEATRE. On Saturday' night was performed, for the first time during the season, a stupid farce called My Husband's Ghost, which took about twenty mi- \- ffmties for representation. The performers cer- tainly did their best, but tbat is all wnien can be said on the subject. We should recommend Mr. Lee, if he again sustains the" part of Cor poral Musket, not to charter a coat that would ' become the back of a Lieutenant General. Mr. Fitzgerald then went through a hornpipe. To which succeeded, Norah , the pride of Kildare, by Mrs. Clarke, in that lady's well known superior style of execution, and although the house was miserably attended, the ballad was encored. Victorine, or Pll sleep on't, followed, and was played well. We feel a pleasure in stating, that the little misunderstanding between Mr. Lazar and Mr. Munyard is adjusted, and that the sug gestions, contained in our last number, of re taining Mr. M. upon the strength of the com pany, have been attended to. The company, now Mr. Spencer has rejoined, is composed of sufficient talent to get up a piece of the highest cast. We understand that Richard the Third will be performed on the night of Thursday week, when Mr. Spencer will enact the "crooked back tyrant." The Gazette, in speaking of Mr. Mun yard, says, that he made his first appearance in the character of Leopold, in The Jeivess, for the benefit of Mr. Levy, the prompter. This is an error; his debut was in the character of John For rester, while Mr. Spencer played Leopold ; he subsequently performed Leopold on the retire ment of Mr. Spencer. Captain Norris, of the Psyche whaler, has so far recovered his late indisposition, that he will proceed to the ground in command of his vessel. Burglary. — On Saturday night a burglarious entry was effected into the public house in Kent- street, called the Plough, kept by Mr. Birch. It appears that the robbers obtained admittance by the use of a chisel and a jimmy, upon the bar door, by which the bolt of the lock was forced back and ingress obtained. They then com menced packing up property to a very consider able amount. Mr. Birch being awakened by the noise, proceeded to that part of the house where the plunderers were engaged ; one of them made off with a bundle, while the other, encountered Mr. B., and a " desperate combat," to speak me- lo- dramatically, ensued, when the fellow finding hiniself going to leeward, dropped his tools and bolted. Constable Reardon hearing the cry of " stop thief," and observing a man coming to wards him with a bundle, attempted to stop him, when he let it fall and made off'. Upon the bundle' being opened, it was found to contain property belonging to Mr. Birch, valued at £20. At the Police Office, on Monday, Mr. Ay ton the landlord of the Crispin Arms, Clarence- street, was charged with" the following street robbery: — A person named William Crozier stated, tbat on Saturday might he went with a friend of his, named Taylor, who lived at Ayton's, to have supper with him ; they were both sober; after supper, upon going out, a stranger to him commenced abusing Taylor, and finally knocked bim down. Crozier complained to Ayton tbat he kept an improper house, and that he would report him, upon which Ayton knocked him down. On getting up he ran down Barrack-lane, followed by Ayton, who got bim against the wall, and took from his person a pocket book containing two one pound notes, and fourteen shillings in silver. Ayton has been committed but allowed bail, himself in £80, and two sureties in £40 each. On Sunday night a man having more time than honesty, entered the house of a- maker of ginger beer bottles, outside the Old Toll-bar, , named M'Cann, and commenced rummaging his "pockets, but without finding any of the pecu- . niary. He then collected together a variety of trifling articles, and was walking off, when M'Cann awaking, raised the alarm, and the fellow after a hard chase was captured. It is not true that the Colonel intends having a east taken of his cranium, as a present for the phrenological society. Strange that people will raise such reports. Sydney was visited on Sunday afternoon by a very heavy thunder storm, accompanied by a re freshing rain, which has made the gardens in the suburbs smile, the parched and drooping ve getation assuming a healthy green, in the place of the sickly yellow which had usurped its place. A man named Richard Emanuel is in custody of the police, charged with stabbing his wife. It appears that on" Saturday he demanded of her what the child had been saying about bim, to which she replied nothing; he rejoined that if she did not tell him he would cut her guts out. She rah away, and Upon returning found him cutting, up tobacco with a dinner knife, with which he struck her on the head, knocked her down, and. kicked her severely. She went to the watch-house, and having procured a consta ble, gitve 'him into custody.— Since held to bail. . A' Comfortable Reminiscence.— During the hearing of a case of robbery at the Police Office on Monday, there was some difficulty in fixing the locus in quo, when the following interesting bit of dialogue came off. Witness. It was somewhere at the end of the Barracks. . Colonel. Ah ! where Mrs. Inglis lives — Bar rack-lane. Mr. Nichols (prisoner's counsel). A very pre- possessing pia.ee iu which 10 commit a roDDery. The audience took, and a general titter pervaded the assembly. On Saturday a man named John Griffiths, thinking that he had caught a flat, offered a couple of seals and a key as gold, for sale to a constable from Brisbane Water, named John Carroll, saying at the same time with a knowing wink, and thrusting his elbow into his side, that he had obtained them oft' a chain ..at the theatre on Friday night: Carrol took' the fellow into custody. Upon the articles being put to the test, they were found to be vile brass. One has set in it an imitation amethyst, having a head upon it, the other an imitation topaz, having on one side a wafer stamp. The Criminal Court will commence "its sit tings tomorrow ; the calendar is very heavy, es pecially with charges of murder. The Court of Requests will sit tomorrow with a very long . list. ' 1 " A witness describing the various offices he filled in his master's house, called himself com mandant general of the kitchen, stable boy, and boot cleaner. A cow was to be seen on Monday dancing a pas seul in the Police Office yard. Some persons were malicious enough to say that it was the Co lonel's, and had been put there to crop the tender herbage which had sprung up under the general influence of the refreshing rain. We don't be- lieve it. . Coroner's Inquest. — On Monday an Inquest was held at the " Rum Puncheon," King's Wharf, on the body of a female prisoner of the Crown, named Mary Hayes, who died the pre vious Friday, but for want of proper exertion the Inquest was delayed till this period. The woman was assigned to a person on the North Shore, and in the first instance it was asserted . that she had died from blows inflicted upon her person", but there is every reason ; to suppose such statement was false, and that her death was occasioned- by an excessive use of ardeiit spirits; be that as it may, the. Inquest had been- delayed so long, that the body was decomposed to a degree that bruises would not have shown. The Jury returned a -verdict of "Died by the visitation of God." We strongly recommend to Colonel Wilson the propriety of having buckets of hot water and syringes provided at the Police Office or the purpose of removing the obstructions in the auricular - organs of the constables, which at present appear nearly closed, from the difficulty experienced in making them understand the commonest remark made. Make trial of it, Colonel, at all events. On Thursday a man named William Bozar in the employ of Mr. Charles Smith, butcher, of George street, was despatched with 31flbs. of meat to deliver at Mr. De Metz's, Cleveland House. The following day Mrs. De M. wrote to Mr. Smith," wishing to, know the cause of the non delivery of the meat as per order: an en quiry was set on foot, when it was discovered that he had left the meat at a hut near Cleve land House, and the greater jportion was spoiled owing to the heat of the weather, and upon being weighed there was found a deficiency of four and a half pounds. Upon being broxight before the Police the fellow had the impudence to assert that part of the -meat— a piece ofcorned beef weighing eight pounds— had dried up from tlie heat, thereby causing the loss complained of. This statement was very properly laughed at. Some parties appeared to have a penchant for Mr. Smith's beefrthis being the second robbery within a week. We felt surprised that Mrs. Levy had been so ill advised on the night of Friday, being the Anniversary of the Foundation of the Founda tion 6f the Colony, as not to open the Theatre, hy which she lost more pounds than the Colony . is years old. On Friday afternoon a man named Michael M'Nally was knocked down on the Race-course and eased of various little trifles in the shape of cash. News for the man at the " Colonist " not writes the' Billingsgate slang. — The slang writer at tliat pious Journal, the Colonist, possessing a crack- jaw name, is informed that he is likely to be handed, down in brilliant colors to after times; The Australian Comic Annual will in the course of a short time make its appearance, in which we intend to dabble; and having for some time been considering what would be most unique for a frontispiece, we feel much obliged to this scribbler for having popped his head through the horse collar, exclaiming "lam my self alone," and he never uttered a clearer tru ism, for put but the fool's cap and bells upon his cranium, and we back him against any phiz in Christendom.- He may stamp, and fume, and rave, and cause the perfume of the Flowers of Billingsgate to become doubly fragrant— in he goes with all his blushing honors thick upon him, and then the motto, only fancy— ' Let those now laugh, who never laughed before, And those who always laughed, now luugli the more." And the public will "laugh when they see what a ridiculous figure the man with the hard name cuts. A spec and span new importation cognomi- ' nated Richard Clarke, made his debut before the Sydney Bench on Saturday, having been found rather the worse for the iestivities of the pre ceding day. He had nothing to urge im defence, save that He had dined at the J ubilee dinner, and the wines.were so confoundedly good, that instead of skimming tlie surface, he plunged in like a goose. Five shillings arranged the affair, when he turned upon the constables who had taken charge of him, and insinuated that he had been robbed after he was in custody; he said that he remembered changing a sovereign, out of which he spent one shilling, and received iri change a half sovereign and the rest in silver ', which he had iri his pocket; together with a snufl'-box, when taken to the watch-house, al though they now said all that was found upon him was five shillings and four-pence; further, that when he fell asleep, after being locked upj he had upon Iris neck a stock, and when he awoke he found himself very uncomfortable and the stock gone. It was the opinion of the Bench that he must have been so mystified the over night, that he had not the power of remember ing what had transpired, and that his losses had originated from his own folly. We were surprised on Saturday, at seeing upon the police list, the name of an officer of the Supreme Court, "gentleman, one, &c.;" who being too zealous in the cause of the Jubilee, had overstepped the bounds of discretion, and while endeavouring to wend his way homewards, was found in this unenviable situation by a charley, who not having the fear of the law before his eyes, and being no respecter of per sons, turned a key upon him. Although bred to the bar, he had an antipathy at appearing at itupori this occasion, and therefore paid" the usual fee, in such case made and provided, and his exit followed before the usual public hear ings came on. We should recommend in such cases that the Rodd be well applied. On Friday night an assemblage of children, arid those of a larger growth, took place in Hunter-street, amusing themselves with letting off squibs, crackers, &c.; Mr. Inspector TFitz- patrick thought this improper, and in attempt ing to disperse the mob, was set upon by a num ber of persons; who raised the cry of a la lantern, and Fitz stood a chance of expiating his offence of opposing an exhibition of the pyrotechnic art, by swinging to the iron of a lamp post ; he therefore burst from the circle surrounding him, leaped over the wall into the Tanks, struggled through its eddying waters, and arrived sound in every thing but his wind, which had been somewhat damaged in the flight, besides a ge neral dampness in his habiliments. A sapient constable giving evidence the other day against two men, charged with drunkenness, thick-headedly remarked, " one of them might have been drinking, and the othermightn't." Colonial Hired Servants.— The other day, Mr. A. Goodwin's hired groom, left his master's horses on the Market Wharf, and told him that he might fetch them himself and be d-d to him. This is about the average run of hired servants here. " Bring me my- spectacles," said the Colonel, upon taking his seat on the bench last Saturday, ' to a stultus of a constable, G No. 4, stationed on; the door communicating with the bench. " Bring me riiy spectacles ;" the man looked up, then down, then around, then at an inspector, then at a serjeant, and appeared completely mystified. The Colonel pointed towards the door,pronouncing emphatically the monosyllable, " go." He went, tottering from very imbecility; and returning in about five minutes, gazed upon the Colonel, exclaiming, "he's gone out." " Has he," said tlie- chief, " but you will find them on the table in my room — go and get my spectacles A Another exit, and enter with the Colonel's broad brimmed patent felt castor; the Colonel looked, and the audience laughed. " Send a constable to take my hat back; arid let this man be ex changed for one with a head on, and inform Mr! Rawson whenever .he goes on duty, that he must be attended by. another constable to take care- of him-," after this pertinent observation; the Co lonel poised his specs, which had arrived per a serjeant, on the ridge intended by nature for their resting place, and reclining back in his well stuffed chair, gave himself up to " calm contem plation and poetic ease." On Saturday, a horse attached to a phaeton scorning all control, and having no one attend ing on him, bolted up Bridge and into George- street, when he was captured after a hard chase. A grand Oratorio will take place this evening in the Cathedral Chapel of St. Mary. The whole of the strength of the musical world, both vocal arid instrumental, have volunteered their services on the occasion. Colonel Woodhouse, of her Majesty's 50th, or Queen's Own, has kindly consented, to the band of that regiment affording their variable aid. pn the occasion. The dividend on the capital stock of the Commercial Banking Company, for the half- year ending the 31st ult. is 7 per cent, payable on the 1st February next. The Inspectorship of Police, vacant by the promotion of Mr. Jones, is not at present filled ; we should think that Serjeant Price was -well adapted for the purpose, judging from his usual assiduity in the discharge of his duties, and his knowledge of the usual routine of business. During the thunder storm on Sunday, tlie re . sidence of Mr. A. Cohen, in Harririgtori-street, was struck by the electric fluid ; the Windows \yere shattered, shutters torn from their hinges, and a variety of property destroyed, Fortu nately no one was- injured. Charge of Forgery.— On Monday, Mr. John Davis was charged at the Police Office, with having falsified a summons issued from ' the Sheriff's Office, under the following circum stances. upon the arrival of the Steam Boat, William- the Fourth, at Port Macquarie, Mr. Herbert Evans, who resides at that settlement, . received information that a bailiff' on board the vessel had a summons for him, he therefore sCnt his compliments, and requested that he would call at his house, he did so, when the suinmbhs No. 545 was produced, which had been issued at the suit of Simmons & Marks, for £54 0s. 9d. ; and there was marked upon it £12 12s. as costs; he paid the amount, remarking upon the exces sive costs. Upon inspection he found as he thought the £4 4?. had been erased, and £12 12s. substituted, having seen other summonses which had come down, and finding they were marked for only £4 4s., he suspected that Davis had altered the summons, and had him taken into custody, aud tlie case was heard before Messrs. Grey and Carlisle, who forwarded him to' Syd ney, where the case could be more satisfactorily investigated. It came on to be heard oh Mon day, when it appeared by the evidence of Mr Parry Long, Chief Clerk to G. R. Nichols, Esq " the Solicitor, that he had "made the alteration liimself, and that it being altered frohi £4 4s." to £12 12s. originated from Davis being employed as a special bailiff, and the expense of serving the summons; it was customary ; Davis was immediately discharged. The sapient Justices at Port Macquarie, will figure in the Supreme Court next term for this proceeding. One of them remarked to Daws that he would teach him to come down there disturbing gentlemen ! /-/ . There was a very pretty.musical mill broke up on Monday night by one of those troublesome customers called constables. The Drum (the man, not the instrument) belonging to the or cliestra at the Theatre, had on Monday night become tightly braced up, and while in that state, took an offence at the Bass Viol, whose softer and more melodious strain, no doubt caxised the pique. The Viol took high ground, and screwed up itself to the s ticking point, the first Fiddle rushed to its assistance, while the Flageolette wavered between the two, the poor Drum was left almost to its late, when the Sarpent arid Bassoon caine to its assistance — a horrible crash was expe cted, but one of the Colonel's pacifiers being called, harmony was restored, and the Drum was under the necessity of makinir its exit. 6 A circumstance of a very suspicious character came before the Police yesterday, which requires to be thoroughly sifted and investigated by the Magistrates of the Bench. A constable named Stenson; brought before the Third Police Magis trate a female prisoner of the Crown named Catherine Loughlan, whom he charged with having found in Mr. Leary's public-house in York-street, in company with his wife, also a prisoner of the Crown, and drinking. Mr. Leary came forward and gave a marvellously different version to the affair - he stated that the constable's wife brought the woman into the house, called for a gill of rum, and having first seated herself with the woman Loughlan at the tap room table, went out and brought her hus band, who was over the stocks, to take her into custody, Why did not the constable hand his own wife over to the Police, she being a pri - soner of the Crown, in the public-house as well as the woman, and her husband, who was at the stocks, only a few yards from the public-house door, must have seen both enter, if he had wished. The case, which comes on again this morning requires close inquiry, as it is said something will transpire about a glass of rum having been refused by the publican to the constable, as he knew him to be on duty, and that it was con trary to orders. By the Steam Packet James Watt from Port Philip has arrived the murderer Commerford in charge of constable Partington who went down with him. In addition- to his other offences he lias added the murder of constable Tomkins a man remarkably quiet and innoffensive and he has been committed by the Port Philip Bench to take his trial for the same. A man complaining that he had a a tooth knocked out by a billit of wood, said that it stuck shockingly in his head. We are iuformed by Mr. Jilks, the Chtef Con- table of Windsor, who commences bis duty in that District to-morrow, that the road between Parramatta and Windsor are in a most dela- pidated and disgraceful state, commencing about Half way between the two Towns where it is little better than a bush road, sapplins being allowed to grow :in unpruned luxuriance. So deep are the holes, that horses frequently step into them up to the knee joint, and persons travelling in vehicles are obliged to dismount while the gig, coach, or whatever they may happen :to be, is obliged to be taken thr. t&h; the bush, until thev can come ontunnn road that is rather more tolerable; within a short distance of Howe's Bridge, was a bridrie erected over a hollow, which was burned down some time ago, and has been since permitted to remain in tbat state. The stage coach' which travels daily this road, is frequently in consider able danger, as it does not reach Windsor until after nightfall. It is the intention of Mr. Jilks to proceed by information against the parties whose duty it is to keep this road in repair there not being a single individual employed to r.-medy the evils complained of. --- A gentleman, sitting at dinner with his wife re marked to her, that a neighbour had sent a servant to the Factory that day, " and Manjwtll soon qo too," said their own assigned servant happen ing to be present and hearing the observation of her master. Now, of what utility as a punish ment is tlie third class of the Factory to a woman of this stamp, who speculates upon being- con fined there when it suits her will and pleasure " The Judges, accompanied by the Sheriff, in spected every portion of Sydney Gaol on'Satur day last, and expressed their approbation ofrthe internal arrangements and cleanliness of the- place. They further visited the Debtors' prison (Carters' Barracks), the crowded state of which it' is said, has induced their Honors io graht Rules, extending up the east side of George, to- Gqul'burn streets, from thence to Elizabefh- street, "including the area contained within those -ine=. . ; -7 . . We have to state, for the information of his friends and the public, that Mister Izzey Chap man is again wisible, to use "his own lingo, after the little utipleasantness that occurred on the. inquest; at the Butcher's; Arms, having taken 01 his motto; " Resurgam," a: word somewhat too. expressive for a gent, of his profession, we shoi.lct have thought. The reason of his short retire ment from public view, is alleged to have ariseii- from his having found it necessary to re-bronzed We should have thought that such a subject ai Mister Izzey, had already received the final, touch, and that an extra coating would not liave been required to hide his blushes. Well, welL the modest worth of an. useful man, like Mister- Izzey has - been professionally, : should - not be probed too deep; we therefore; stay the use of- the dissecting knife, and forbear anatomizing th- subject any further, . . 