Original Correspondence. JSXr. Martin's Books Prayers for the Dead. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. Sir, ' inveterately opposed as you appear to be to every thing Catholic, I fear there is little chance of a vindicator of Catholic doctrine procuring, even for once, a hearing in your columns. I should be sorry to find that the author of the Australian Sketch Book had complained of your doing him injustice, by attributing to him opinions favorable to the doctrine of Purgatory or a middle state of soul's suffering, and prayers for the dead : every Catholic believes in such doctrine, and no Catholic can or ought to be ashamed to avow and declare such belief. in the remark which you first made of the practice of prayers for the dead having no warrant in the Scriptures, you merely copied the statement of the Calvinistic and schismatic Colonist. If the doctrine be not in Scripture it can easily be deduced from it. Come we first to the Old Testament; in which we read that Judas Maccabeus sent twelve thousand drachmas of silver to Jerusalem in order to have sacrifice offered for the sins of his soldiers who died in battle, "thinking well and religiously concerning the resur- rection." And in the New Testament our Blessed Saviour says " Whosoever shall speak a word against the son of man it shall be forgiven him, but he that shall speak against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven him, either in this world or in the next." May. 12, 32. In the New Testament we are also told that " Nothing defiled can enter the Kingdom of Heaven." Apo. 21, 27 and that "some sins are forgiven in the next world."- As, therfore, nothing defiled can enter Heaven, it cannot be there that sins are forgiven and as out of hell there is no redemption, it is impossible that this can be the place. It is therefore clear that a third place, that is a place of Purgation, is meant. You will perhaps tell me that the word Purgatory is not to be found in Scripture if so, I answer that the words Trinity and Incarnation are not named in Scripture, although the doctrines are found there. That the doctrines of Purgatory and prayers for the dead were believed and practised by the Apostles and the early Fathers can be clearly shown. Tertullian, the oldest of the Fathers of the Latin Church, in a work written about 100 years after the death of the Apostles, affirms it to be the duty of a Christian widow to pray for the soul of her husband, entreating repose to him and participation in the first resurrec- tion," De Mon, c. 10 St. Cyprian writes as follows-" As to those con- fessors who die in prison, observe the days on which they depart this life that they may be commemorated with honor as those of the martyrs are we offer up here the usual sacrifices and oblations in commemoration of them," Ep. 55, p. 114. St. Basil, writing on the words of the prophet Isaiah, says that " the things which are earthly shall be made the food of a punishing fire, to the end that the soul may receive favor and be benefitted." St. Ephraim states, " When the thirtieth day shall be completed then remember me, for the dead are helped by the offerings of the living," In Test. T. II, p. 234. St. Cyril of Jerusalem writes, " Then we pray for the holy Fathers and Bishops that are dead, and, in short, for all those who departed this life in our communion, c," Cases, p. 328. St. Ambrose, in his funeral oration on the Emperor Theodosius, speaks thus-" I loved him, therefore will I follow him to the land of the living ; I will not leave him till by my prayers and lamentations he shall be admitted to the holy mount of the Lord, to which his deserts called him De Oh. The St. John Chrysostom, in the Epistle to the Phillipians, tells us that " it was ordained by the Apostles that the dead should be commemorated in the sacred mysteries." St. Epiphanius, Barr. 75, states that Arius was ranked amongst the heretics by the Church in the fourth century for denying that the prayers of the living did the dead any good. And the great St. Augustine writes as follows, " The prayers of the Church, or of good persons, are heard in favour of those persons who departed this life not so bad as to be deemed unworthy of mercy, nor so good as to be deemed worthy of immediate happiness go also the resurrection of the dead, there will some be found to whom mercy will be imparted, having gone through those pains to which the spirits of the dead are liable." Com., ].. 492. When you shall have looked over these passages, from the first writings of some of the great Fathers and Saints of antiquity, you must perceive the rashness of your assertion in stating that intelligent Catholics do not believe in the efficiency of prayers for the dead, and also what imperfect knowledge you possess of tenets about which you do not hesitate to write, and which you also condemn. Having, I trust, satisfied you that Catholics have some authority for their belief in Purgatory and prayers for the dead, allow me to ask, seeing that both appear to be rejected by' Protestants,, why it is that the Ministers of Protestantism are to be seen at the funerals of their departed brethren ? It cannot be that such Ministers go there to pray for the living, and as I believe these gentlemen do not profess to work miracles, their object in going cannot be to raise the dead to life, I have always considered Protestantism most inconsistent, and its advocates as prone to inconsistencies BE to calumnies. I am, sir, A TRAVELLER ON A WELL DESCRIBED ROAD. As our correspondent " is on a journey, we shall not at present detain him with any lengthened remarks. We may, however, inform him that we regard it as a most (gratifying circumstance that Roman Catholics are venturing into the field of controversy and public discussion. This is exactly what Protestants wish for knowing that ignorance is the chain with which it has over been the practice of the Church of Rome to bind her captives, they earnestly desire to have an opportunity afforded to them of introducing the light of divine truth into her dark and dismal dungeons. By turning to our advertising columns he may see that they have commenced operations for that purpose, and we are authorised to inform him that the publication which is there announced is only the first of a series. The subject of purgatory and pray ers for the dead will receive due and early attention. In the mean time, we should like to know where it is that we are told in the New Testament, as he states, that "some sins are forgiven the next world." No such words are to be found in the New Testament ; how, then, does he dare to give them as a quota- tion from it? He states it as a principle that out of hell there is no redemption." The plain consequence is, then, that all must go into hell, but how does this es- tablish would it not rather overthrow the doctrine of purgatory ? His quotation from one of the Apocryphal books, demands no further remark than that it has often been proved, and may by and bye be proved again for his benefit that these books are destitute of canonical authority, and that he exemplifies the crafty policy of his church, by introducing them as an acknowledged part of the Old Testament. Candid honesty would have said, not " come we first to the Old Tes- lament," but come we first to the Apo claypan. His quotations may also in due time be examined, when it will be shewn that the testimony of christian antiquity is against, and not in favour of the corruptions of his church. At present we only inform him that it is not to the fathers anymore than to the Apoehry plan, that Protestants refer for the settlement of religious controversy ; they refer only to the word of God. He has only adduced two testimonies from Scripture and of these one cannot for a moment be supposed to have any reference to the subject. The other is from Matthew XVI, 32-" Whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, nor in the world to come."' Now, without entering at present into the interpretation of this passage, we just direct attention to our correspondent's argument, and the principle which it involves. It is stated of the sin committed, that it shall not be forgiven, and, obviously to strengthen the assertion and render it more emphatic, it is added, " neither in this world, nor in the world to come." " Oh, then," says our correspondent, " if there is one sin which is not forgiven in the world to come, it clearly follows that other sins are forgiven in it." Indeed ! Friend, then, what you deny of one of a class is true of all the rest of the class. For example, when we read that the Lord " taketh, not pleasure in the legs of a man," we are to infer that he taketh pleasure in his own limbs ! Capital joke ! but not a garage cimen of the art as practised by Roman Catholics. ED. SYD. GAZ. 