VARIETIES. . . THE POETICAL COBLER, . Sally Muggs, a little squat-looking woman, not very fair, and on the wrong side of forty, came bustling forward to the bar. and- looking: the sitting magistrate expressively in the fade, said, " Please your vorship," and tHen .suddenly, paused. Magistrate — Well, ma'am, and what is your pleasure ? Mrs. Muggs — Vy your vorship, it is— (Here the lady again abruptly, . J&used; ' utid buried her face, in quite a theatrical ' man ner, in her handkerchief.) Magistrate — W ell, what is it ? Let us hear if. Mrs. Muggs — Please your vorship, this ere man at the bar is my husband. Mrs. Muggs turned about, and emitted a disapproving glance at " the man at the bar." Magistrate — Very well ; go on. Mrs. Muggs — And he is a mender of old: shoes', your vorship. Magistrate — Well, and what about it? Why don't you proceed ? ,v Mrs. Muggs (with a deep sigh)— And L married Him six months ago. Magistrate — Really, my good woman, if you have anycom plaint to make to the bench, you must proceed to do it at once, otherwise I shall order you from the bar. You have, I understand, a charge to prefer against the prisoner ; pray come to it without any further circumlocution. Mrs. Muggs — I vill, your vorship. Veil, as I was a savin', I married this 'ere man six months ago, and— Magistrate— What has your marriage six months ago to do with the present, case ? Mrs. Muggs— I soon diskivered, your vorship, that I had married a- Oh, Sir ! I cannot utter the word. Here Mrs. Muggs held down het- head, and appeared to breathe so rapidly as to ; threaten instant suffocation. Magistrate — And pray, madam, "whom or what did you marry ? , Mrs. Muggs- — Al — a— a — a poet, your vorship. The wife of the poetical cobler pro- ; nounced the word " poet ' with a most emphatic gjroan, as if she had, in her own mind, associated something horrible -with it. The court was convulsed with laughter, in which the worthy magistrate, heartily joined. Magistrate— But what has the circum stance of your husband being a poet to do . with the present charge? Mrs. Muggs — I'll tell you presently, vour vorship. I had Eonie money when I married him; and so long. as it lasted, he always spoke to me in pleasant poetry; but ven the money was al) gone, his poetry became very disagreeable. Magistrate — You mean, I suppose, that he scolds and quarrels with you in poetry? (Laughter.) Mrs. Muggs — He does both of them 'ere, your vorship; but he. does something more. Magistrate— Assaults you, .perhaps ? Mrs. Muggs— Yes, your vorship: he beats me and kicks me about most cruelly, and all the while" keeps talking poetry. (Renewed laughter.) : Magistrate — But pray do come to the present charge. ! Mrs: Muggs — Ivill, your vorship. He came home last night a little the vorse for. ieekur, and axed me, in poetry, for half- a-crown to spend with some feilow-snobs. I told him I had not a single penny in the house ; on which he threatened, in poetry, to make gunpowder of me, if. I" did not give him what he wanted. Magistrate — And was he as good as his word ? Mrs. Muggs — 111 tell you all- about it. (Laughter.) I again told him I had not a farthing in the house; on which he took down my btst green silk bonnet, which was hanging on a nail, and -which cost me ten- and-sixpence a fortnight before, and. which I bought- from Mrs.- — — Magistrate — Never mind what your bonnet , cost you, or who you bought it from, but tell ua about the assault. Mis. Muggs— Yes, yojir vorship. Veil, as I vas a savin', he took down the bonnet, which was ac handsome and fashionable a 'un as was ever a made by any milliner in Sydney, and which was — Magistrate (with considerable warmth) Pray do not expatiate any more on the good qualities of the bonnet, but come at once to the assault on yourself. Mrs. Muggs — -I beg your vorship's par don; but I vas a comin' to that 'ere as fast as 1 could. Veil, ven he took down the bonnet, he dashed it on the "floor, and stamped upon it with, his feet, as if he would drive the werry life out on't. " Oh, my new bonnet ! " said I, and the vords wos hardly out of my mouth, when he gave another stamp on it with both his feet. " My ten-andrsi.xpence bonuet ! " said I ; and with that, lie gave it a kick which sent it right up to the ceiling, and down again. (Loud laughter.) I then, tried to snatch it up, saying, " Oh, my green silk boiir net!" on which he again put bet:, his ugly hoofs on it, and stood with it under neath, just as it had been a mat to wipe one's teet with. That bonnet, your vorship, was one of the best- — Magistrate — Really, madam, if you go on this way, I must dismiss the case at once. You are speaking only of an assault on your bonnet ; pray come to the assault on yourself. Mrs. Muggs (curtseying gracefully)-!- Vell, I vill, your worship. As I vas a-going to -say, I tried to get the bonnet from him, and then he began to have a regular danc.e upon it. . I stbod a ghost at the sight, your vor — "Aghast, she means, your honour ; but she has no intellect — not a inorsel," growled the cobler, who had hitherto not only looked" sulky, but remained silent. f Mrs. Muggs resumed — I did, indeed, your vorship ; but he grinned in my face and spoke poetry. I tried to push him off the bonnet, ven he struck me so wiplently on the face, that the Mood poured -in rivers from my nose, and I fell down on the floor. I cried out " Murder ! " and another 'ooman as lodges in the same house called a policeman, who took him into custody. A black eve aud a swollen face bore ample testimony to the forcible nature of the. blows which Mrs Muggs had received from her poetical husband. The policeman said, that w;hen he took him into custody, he also addressed, him in poetry. When he asked him, "Why did you knock this woman down ? he answerd, » '' Because she refused me half-a- crown ? (Loud laughter.) He then added— " I'll go to the station house with you, / If you'll only wait a minute or two, .Till I wash my face and comb my hair, A request which you must admit is fair,'? The defendant who was a short, thick set, massy-headed personage, with a most . unpoetical expression of countenance; evinced all this while the utmost impatience to address the worthy magistrate. The latter having apostrophised the poetical cobbler with a "Now, Sir," he advanced a step or. two further up the bar, and pu tting both his hands behind his back, looked the presiding magistrate earnestly in the face. Magistrate— Well, Sir, what have got tcr say to this charge ? Mr. Muggs — I admit that I was somewhat rude, But not until I had reason good : She called me a hurrid ugly brute, Which sure enough did put me out ,; I then hit Mrs. Muggs two or- three blows. As your worship already very well knows. . Loud laughter.); Magistrate — You seem very anxious to; be considered poetical. Do. you call it, poetry to commit an assault of this kind? Mr. Muggs — Do I call it poetry to beat my wife ? I do : the deed with poetry is rife. Magistrate — You do ! will you be so ; obliging as to tell us (in plain prose if youi please) what kind of poetry you call it ? Mr. Muggs — Most certainly ; I'll tell youin a fraction Of time— I call it, Sir, the poetry of action. At this sally, the office was again con vulsed with laughter, in which the bench heartily joined. Magistrate — (to Mrs . Muggs) — Doeslie always speak in this way ? M rs.-M uggs— Not always your vorship, but he is sure to do so when he has drunk too much, and also occasionally when he is perfectly sober. He is now and then seized with fits of speaking poetry as he calls it, and threatens at times to knock my " un poetical soul" out of me. Mrs. Muggs, as she made the latter observation, tried to look wise, as if she had said something of surpassing cleverness. Magistrate — (to Mr. Muggs)-I under stand you mend shoes,. Mr. Muggs — (hesitatingly) — Why — yes I believe I does. (Loud laughter.) Magistrate — Don't you think you would be.muqh better occupied in attending to your business, than making a fool of your self by affecting to be a poet. MrVlMuggs — It may be so, Sir, but I don't know it. ; Magistrate — Well, if you persist in making an ass of yourself in this way, you must be permitted to do so ; but you shall not be. allowed to assault your ivife. I Mr. Muggs — I'll not do it again, Sir, upon my life. (Loud laughter.) ! Magistrate — you are sentenced to : " Pray,'' interrupted Mrs. Muggs, ad dressing herself to the worthv magistrate, her heart having relented as she beheld her poetical husband looking touckingly to wards her, " pray, do you honour, let him escape this time ; I'll be bound he von't beat me again, nor destroy my bonnet,'' Mrs. Muggs looked as well as spoke so imploringly on behalf of Mr. Muggs, that e\ren the magisterial nature, proof as it is generally supposed to be, against entreaties of the kind, could not withstand the earnest supplications of the cobbler's lady. Magistrate— (to Mr. Muggs)--Sir, we. shall allow you to get off this once at the request of your wife, but if the offence be repeated we shall deal with you in a very different way. Mr. Muggs— I thank you, Sir; and wish yon a good day. (Laughter.) .Mr. and Mrs. Muggs then cordially em braced each other, as if their "mutual affec tions had been wondrously improved by what had happened. "I'm sure Dick,'' said, Mrs. Muggs, looking up . touckingly in her husband's face, as he clasped his arms around her, " I'm sure, Dick, you von't do it no more." To which tender appeal, Mr. Muggs, as Milton would have said, answered- thus : — " No, Sally, dear, I will not do't again; Never, my angel. I will refrain, From this time forward, and for aye. Perish my hand, should ever the day Arrive, in which 'twill hit thee a blow ! Oh, Sally, my love ! oh, Sally, oh! Your kindness lias me quite overcome : As I will prove whene'ver we get home. So let us hence, and leave this place ; I'm thanklui we quit it with such a good grace." The parties then retired, with their arms most affectionately entwined around each other's neck, amidst peals of laughter from all present. Richard was Mr. Muggs' Christian name. 