POSTHUMOUS PAPERS ,, -is.' i-, s L't -"OF ." ? THE PICKWICK CLUB. THE PICKWICKIAN. CHAPTER XXIV. (Continued from our last ) Mr. Gruinnior's mode of proceeding was professional, but peculiar. His first act was to bolt the door on the inside ; his second, to polish his head and countenance very carefully with a cotton handkerchief; his third, to place his hat, with the cotton handkerchief in it, on the nearest chair and his fourth to produce from the breast-pocket of his coat, short truncheon surmounted bystander crown, with which he beckoned to Mr. Pickwick with a grave and ghost-like air. Mr. Snodgrass was the first to break the astonished silence. He looked steadily at Mr. Grammer for a brief space, and "then said emphatically-" This is a private room, Sir - a private room. Mr. G Rummer shook his head, and replied-" No room's private to His Majesty when the street door's once passed. That's law. Some people maintains that an Englishman's house is his castle. That's gammon." The Pickwickians gazed on each other with Wondering eyes. " Which is Mr. Tupman ?" inquired Mr. Grammer. He had an intuitive perception of Mr. Pickwick ; he knew him at once. " My name's Tupman," said that gentleman. " My name's Law," said Mr. Gram- mar. " What ?" said Mr. Tupman. " Law," replied Mr. Grammer, " law, civil power, and executive ; them's my titles ; here's my authority. Blank Tupman blank Pickwick against the peace of our suffering Lord the King start in that case made and provided and all regular. I apprehend you Pickwick, Tupman-the aforesaid." ' "What do you mean by this insolence? ' said Mr. Tupman, starting up-" Leave the room, leave the room." " Halloo," said Mr. Grammer, re- treating very expeditiously to the door, and opening it an inch or two, ' Dubbley.' " Well," said a deep voice from the passage. " Come for'ard, Dubbley," said Mr. Grammer. At the word of command, a dirty faced man, something over six feet high, and stout in proportion, squeezed himself through the half-open door, making his face very red in the process, and entered the room. " Is the other specials outside, Dub- bley ?" inquired Mr. Grammer , Mr. Dubbley, who was a man of few words, nodded assent. " Order in the division under your charge, Dubbley," said Mr. Grammer. Mr. Dubbley said as he was desired and half a dozen men, each with a short truncheon and a brass crown, flocked into the room. Mr. G Rummer pocketed his staff and looked at Mr. Dubbley, Mr. Dubblev pocketed his staff and looked at the division and the division pocketed their staves and looked at Messrs., Tupman and Pickwick. Mr. Pickwick and his followers, rose as one man. "What is the meaning of this atrocious intrusion upon my privacy ?" said Mr. Pickwick. "Who dares apprehend me?" said Mr. Tupman. "What do you want here, scoundrels ?" said Mr. Snodgrass. Mr. Winkle said nothing, but he fixed his eyes on Grammer, and bestowed a look upon him, which, if he had had any feeling, must have pierced his brain, and come out on the other side. As it was, however, it had no visible effect on him whatever. When the executive perceived that Mr. Pickwick and his friends were disposed to resist the authority of the law, they, very significantly turned up their coat sleeves, as if knocking them down in the first instance, and taking them up afterwards, were a mere professional act which had only to be thought of, to be done, as a matter of course. The demonstration was not lost upon Mr. Pickwick. He conferred a few moments with Mr. Tupman apart, and then signified his readiness to proceed to the Mayor's residence, merely begging the parties then and there assembled, to take notice, that it was his firm intention to resent this monstrous invasion of his privileges as an Englishman, the instant he was at liberty, whereat the parties then and there assembled, laughed very heartily, with the single exception of Mr, Gram- mer, who seemed to consider that any slight cast upon the divine right of Magistrates, was a species of blasphemy, not to be tolerated. But when Mr. Pickwick had signified his readiness to bow to the laws of his country, and just when the waiters, and hostlers, and chambermaids, and post- boys, who had anticipated a delightful commotion from his threatened obstinacy, began to turn away, disappointed and disgusted, a difficulty arose which had not been foreseen. With every sentiment of veneration for the constituted authorities, Mr. Pickwick resolutely protested against making his appearance in the public streets, surrounded and guarded by the officers of justice, like a common criminal. Mr. Grammer, in the then disturbed state of public finding (for it was half-holiday, and the boys had not yet gone home), as resolutely protested against walking on the opposite side of the way, and taking Mr. Pickwick's parole that he would go straight to the Magistrate's; and both Mr. Pickwick and Mr. Tupman as strenuously objected to the expense of a post-coach, which was the only respectable conveyance that could be obtained. The dispute ran high, and the dilemma lasted long and just as the executive were on the point of overcoming Mr. Pickwick's objection to walking to the Magistrate's, by the trite expedient of carrying him thither, it was recollected that there stood in the inn yard, an old sedan chair, which having been originally built for a gouty gentleman with funded property, would hole! Mr. Pickwick and Mr. Tupman, at least as conveniently as a modern post-chaise. SS The chair was hired, and brought into the hall; Mr. Pickwick and ?> Mr. Tupman squeezed themselves inside, and pulled down the stairs; a couple of chairman were speedily found, and the procession started in grand order. The specials surrounded the body of the vehicle, Mr. Crummer and Mr. Dubbley marched triumphantly in front, Mr. Snodgrass and Mr. Winkle walked arm in arm behind, and the unsoaped of Ipswich brought up the rear. The shopkeepers of the town although they had a very indistinct notion of the nature of the offence, could not but be much edified and gratified by this spectacle. Here was the strong arm of the law, coming down with twenty gold- beater force, upon two offenders from the metropolis itself; the mighty engine was directed by their own Magistrate, and worked by their own officers and both the criminals by their united efforts, were securely boxed up, in the narrow com- pass of one sedan chair. Many were the expressions of approval and admiration which greeted Mr. Grammer, as he headed the cavalcade, staff in hand ; loud and long were the shouts which were raised by the unsoaped and amidst these united testimonials of public approbation, the procession moved slowly and majestically along. Mr. Weller, habited in his morning jacket with the black calico sleeves, was returning in a rather desponding state from an unsuccessful survey of the mysterious house with the green gate, when, raising his eyes, he beheld a crowd pour- ing down the street, surrounding an obj. ct which had very much the appearance of a sedan chair. Willing to divert his thoughts from the failure of his enterprise, he stepped aside to see the crowd pass and finding that they were cheering away, very much to their own satisfaction, forthwith began (just by way of raising his spirits to cheer too, with all his might and main. Mr. G summer passed, and Mr. Dub- bley parted, and the sedan passed, and the body-guard of specials passed, and Sam was still responding to the enthusiastic cheers of the mob, and waving his hat about as it he were in the very last extreme of the wildest joy (though of course he had not the faintest idea of the matter in hand when he was suddenly stopped by the unexpected appearance of Mr. Winkle and Mr. Snodgrass. " What's the row, general ?" cried Sam, <?' Who have they got in this here watch-box in mourning' ?" Both gentlemen replied together, but their words were lost in the tumult, i " Who is it?" roared Sam again. Once more was a joint reply returned and though the words were inaudible, Sam saw by the motion of the two pairs of lips, that they had uttered the magic word " Pickwick." This was enough. In another minute Mr. Weller had made his way through the crowd, stopped the chairmen, and confronted the portly Grammer. " Hallo, old gentleman," said Sam, " Who have you got in this con-way ance ?" " " Stand back," said Mr. Grammer, whose dignity, like the dignity of a great many other men, had been wondrously augmented by a little popularity. i " Knock him down, if he don't," said Mr. Dubbley. < I I'm very much obliged to you, old gentlmen," replied Sam, " for consulting my convenience, and I'm still more obliged to the other gentlemen who looks as if he'd just escaped from a giant's dairyman, for his very an some suggestion ; but I should prefer your giving' me a answer to my question, if it's all the same to you. How are you, Sir ?" This last observation was addressed with a patronising air to Mr. Pickwick, who was peeping through the window. Mr. Grammer, perfectly speechless with indignation, drag ed the truncheon with the brass crown, from its particular pocket, and flourished it before Sam's eyes. " Ah," said Sam, " It's very pretty, specially the crown, which is uncommon like the real one." " Stand back," said the outraged Mr. Grammer. By way of adding force to the command, he thrust the brass emblem of royalty into Sam's neck-cloth with one hand, and seized Sam's collar with the other, a compliment which Mr. Weller returned by knocking him down out of hand, having previously, with the utmost consideration, knocked down a chairman for him to lie upon. Whether Mr Winkle was seized with a temporary attack of that species of in sanity which originates in a sense of injury, or animated by this display of Mr. Weller's valour, is uncertain ; but certain it is, that he no sooner saw Mr. Grammer fall, than, he made a terrific onslaught on a small boy who stood next him; whereupon Mr. Snodgrass, in a truly christian spirit, and in order that he might take no one unawares, and nounced in a very loud tone that he was going to begin, and proceeded to take off' his coat with the utmost deliberation. He was immediately surrounded and secured and it is but common justice' both to him and Mr. Winkle to say, that they did not make the slightest attempt to rescue either themselves or Mr. Wei-, ter, who, after a most vigorous resistance, was overpowered by numbers, and taken prisoner. The procession then re-formed, the chairmen resumed their stations, and the march was re-commenced. Mr. Pickwick's indignation during the whole of this proceeding was beyond all bounds. He could just see Sam upsetting the specials, and flying about, in every direction, and that was all that he could see, for the sedan door's wouldn't open, and the blinds wouldn't pull up. At length, with the assistance of Mr. Tupman, he managed to push open the roof; and mounting on the seat, and steady- ing himself as well as he could, by plac- ing his band on that gentleman's shoulder, Mr. Pickwick proceeded to address the multitude; to dwell upon the unjustifiable manner in which he had been treated and to call upon them to take notice that 20 his servant had been first assaulted. And he- in this order they reached the Magis Jld I trate's house ; the chairmen trotting, the as. prisoners following, Mr. Pickwick ora- se, torising, and the crowd shouting. as the an his de pi lee his rest. go the Tu lid cb an wl id wi ric tin all in< we the TT P." sit I to CHAPTER XXV. Showing, among a variety of pleasant matters, how Majestic and Impartial Mr. Nupkins was; and how Mr. Weller returned Mr. Job Trotter's Shuttlecock, as heavily as it came. With another matter, which will be found in its place. Violent was Mr. Weller's indignation as he was borne along; numerous were the allusions to. the personal appearance and demeanour of Mr. Grammer and his companion and valorous were the defiance to any six of the gentlemen , present, in which he vented his dissatisfaction. Mr. Snodgrass and Mr. Winkle listened with gloomy respect to the torrent of eloquence which their leader poured forth from the sedan chair, and the rapid course of which, not all Mr. Tupman's earnest entreaties to have the lid of the vehicle closed, were able to check for an instant. But Mr. Weller's anger quickly gave, way to curiosity, when the procession turned down the identical court-yard in which he had met with the runaway Job Trotter and curiosity was exchanged for a feeling of the most gleeful astonishment, when the all-important Mr. Grammer, command- ing the sedan-bearers to halt, advanced with dignified and portentous steps, to the very green gate from which Job Trotter had emerged, and gave a mighty pull at the bell handle which hung at the side thereof. The ring was answered by a very smart and pretty faced servant girl, who, after holding up her hands in astonishment at the rebellious appearance of the prisoners, and the impassioned language of Mr. Pickwick, summoned Mr nitizzla. Mr. Muzzle opened one half of the carriage gate, to admit the sedan, the captured ones, and the specials; and immediately slammed it in the faces of the mob, who, indignant at being excluded, and anxious to see what followed, relieved their feelings by kicking at the gate and ringing the bell, for an hour or two afterwards. In this amusement they all took part by turns, except three or four fortunate individuals, who having discovered a grating in the gate which commanded a view of nothing, were staring through it, with the same indefatigable perseverance with which people will flatten their noses against the front windows of a chemist's shop, when a drunken man, who has been run over by a dog-cart in the street, is undergoing a surgical inspection in the back parlour. At the foot of a flight of steps, leading to the house door, which were guarded on either side by an American aloe in a green tub, the sedan chair stopped and Mr. Pickwick and his friends were conducted into the hall, from whence, having been" previously announced by Muzzle, and ordered in by Mr. Nupkins, they were ushered into the worshipful presence of that public-spirited officer. P The scene was an impressive one, well calculated to strike terror to the hearts of culprits, and to impress them with an adequate idea of the stern majesty of the law. In front of a big book-case, in a big chair, behind a big table, and before a big volume, sat Mr. Nupkins, looking a full size larger than any one of them, big as they were. The table was adorned with piles of papers and above the further end of it, appeared the head and shoulders of Mr. Jinks, who was busily engaged in looking as busy as possible. The party having all entered, Muzzle carefully closed the door, and placed himself behind his master's chair to await his orders ; Mr. Nupkins threw himself back, with thrilling solemnity, and scrutinised the faces of his unwilling visiters "Now, Grammer, who is that person?" said Mr. Nupkins, pointing to Mr. Pickwick, who, as the spokesman of his friends, stood hat in hand, bowing with the utmost politeness and respect. , \ " This here's Pickwick, your wash-up," said Grammer. Come, none of' that 'ere, old stripe a-light," interposed, Mr. Weller, elbowing himself into the front rank-" Beg your pardon, Sir, but this here officer o' yours in the gambooge tops, 'fill never earn a decent living as a master of the ceremonies any were. This here, Sir," continued Mr. Weller, thrusting Gram- mar aside, and addressing the Magistrate with pleasant familiarity-" This here is S. Pickwick, Esquire; this here's Mr. Tupman that 'here's Mr. Snodgrass and Murder on, next him on the t'other side, Mr. Winkle-all very nice gentleman, Sir, as you'll be very happy to have the acquaintance on so the sooner you com- miss these here officers of' yours to the tread-mill for a month or two, the sooner we shall begin to be on a pleasant understanding. Business first, pleasure after wards, as King Richard the Third said yes he stabbed the t'other king in the Tower, afore he smothered the bubbles." At the conclusion of this address, Mr. Weller brushed his hat with his right; elbow, and nodded benignly to Jinks, who had heard him throughout, with unspeakable awe. ' Who is this man, Grammer?" said the magistrate. ' v " Weary desperate character, you wash up," replied Grammer. " the attempt! to rescue the prisoners, and assaulted the, officers-so we took him into custody,, and brought him here." j " You did quite right," replied the! magistrate. " He is evidently a desperate ruffian. i " He is my servant, Sir," said Mr. Pickwick, angrily. " Oh ! he is your servant, is he ?" said Mr. Nupkins. " A conspiracy to defeat the ends of justice, and murder its officers. Pickwick's servant. Put that down, Mr. Jinks.'' ' Mr. Jinks did so. " What's your name, fellow?" thun- dered Mr. Nupkins. by other," replied Sam. " A very good name for the Newgate Calendar," said Mr. Nupkins. . This was a joke he Jinks, Grammer, Dubbley, all the specials, and Muzzle, went into fits of laughter of five minutes' ' duration. "Put down his name, Mr. Jinks, ' said the magistrate. 2 Two L's, old feller," said Sam. Here an unfortunate special laughed ? again, whereupon the magistrate threat [need to commit him, instantly. It's a dangerous thing laughing at the wrong man in these cases. " Where do you live?" said the magistrate. " Varccver T can," replied Sam. "Put down that, Mr. Jinks," said the magistrate who was fast rising into a rage. Score it under," said Sam. " He is a vagabond, Mr. Jinks," said the magistrate. " Certainly, sir." " Then I'll commit him-I'll commit him as such," said Mr. Nupkins. " This is a very impartial country for justice, said Sam. " There ain't a magistrate going, as don't commit himself, twice as often as he commits other people." At this sally another special laughed, and then tried to look so supernaturally solemn, that the magistrate detected immediately. " Grammer," said Mr. Nupkins reddening with passion, " how dare you select such an inefficient and disreputable person for a special constable, as that man? How dare you do it, sir." " I am very sorry, your wash-up," said G Rummer. " Very sorry !" said the magistrate. " You shall repent of this neglect of duty, Mr. Grammer; you shall be made an example of. Take that fellow's staff away. He's drunk. You are drunk, fellow." I am not drunk, your worship," said the man. " You are drunk," returned the magistrate. " How dare you say you are not drunk, sir, when I say you are? Doesn't he smell of spirits, Grammer?" " Horrid, your wash-up," replied Grammer, who had a vague impression that there was a smell of rum somewhere. I knew he did," said Mr. Nupkins. " I saw he was drunk when he first came into the room by his excited eye. Did you observe his excited eye, Mr. Jinks. Certainly, sir." " I haven't touched a drop of spirits this morning," said the man, who was as sober a fellow as need be a " How dare you tell me a falsehood ?" said Mr. Nupkins. Isn't he drunk now, Mr. Jinks." " Certainly, sir, replied Mr. Jinks Mr. Jinks," said the magistrate, " I shall commit that man, for contempt. Make out his committal, Mr. Jinks." And committed the special would have been, only Jinks, who was the magis State's adviser, having had a legal education of three years in a country attorney's office, whispered the magistrate that he thought it wouldn't do ; so the magistrate made a speech, and said, that in consideration of the specials family, he would merely reprimand and discharge him. Accordingly, the special was abused vehemently for a quarter of an hour, and sent about his business and Grammar, Dubbley, Muzzle, and all other specials murmured their admiration of the magnanimity of Mr. Nupkins. "Now, Mr. Jinks, said the magistrate " swear Grammer." Grammer was sworn directly ; but as Grammer wandered, and Mr. Nupkins' dinner was nearly ready, Nr. Nupkins cut the matter short, by putting leading questions to Grammar, which Grammer answered as nearly in the affirmative as he could. So the examination went off, all very smooth and comfortable; and two assaults were proved against Mr. Weller] and a threat against Mr. Winkle, and a push against Mr. Snodgrass. And when all this was done to the magistrate's satisfaction, the magistrate and Mr. Jinks consulted in whispers. The consultation having lasted about ten minutes, Mr Jinks retired to his end of the table; and the magistrate,, with a preparatory cough, drew, himself up in his chair, and was proceeding; to commence his address, when Mr. Pickwick interposed " " I beg your pardon, sir, forjntcrrupt ing you," said Mr. Pickwick ; '" but be fore you proceed to express, and act upon, any opinion you may have formed on the statements which have been made here, I must claim my right to be heard, so far as I am personally concerned' " Hold your tongue, sir," said the magistrate, peremptorily. " I must submit to you, sir," said Mr. Pickwick. , " Hold your tongue, sir," interposed u the magistrate, " or I shall order an the officer to remove you." *' " You may order your officers to do whatever you please, sir," said Mr. Pickwick ; "and I have no doubt, from the specimen I have had of the subordina- tion preserved among them, that whatever you order, they will execute ; but I shalftake the liberty, sir, of claiming my Wit. to be heard, until I am removed by b force." ' . T " Pickwick and principle," exclaimed Mr. Weller, in an audible voice. " Sam, be quiet," said Mr. Pickwick'. Dumas a drum with a hole in it," t replied Sam. ] t Mr. Judkins looked at Mr. Pickwick J{ with a gaze of intense astoiiishmènt;)uat his displaying such unwonted temerity and was apparently about to return a very ] angry reply, when Mr. Jinks pulled him by the sleeve, and whispered something in his ear. To this, the magistrate returned a half audible answer, and then the whispering was renewed. Jinks was evidently i demonstrating. ' trial At length the magistrate, gulping down with a very bad grace his disinclination to hear anything more, turned to Mr. Pickwick, and said sharply-" What do you want to say?" " First," said Mr. Pickwick, sending a look through his spectacles, under which even Nunkins quailed. .' First, I wish to know what I and my friend have been brought here for?" "Must I tell him?' whispered the magistrate to Jinks. t , " I think you had better, sir, whispered Jinks to the magistrate. i ' An information has been sworn before | me," said the magistrate, that it is apprehended you are going to fight a duel and that the other man, Tupman, is your aider and abettor in it. Therefore-eh, Mr. Jinks?" d I " Certainly, sir." t " Therefore, I call upon you both to a I -I think that's the course, Mr. Jinks?" " Certainly, sir." . t " To-to-what Mr. Jinks?" said the magistrate, pettishly. r "To find bail, sir," " Yes. Therefore, I call upon you both - as I was about to say, when I was interrupted by my clerk to find bail." " Good bail," whispered Mr. Jinks. " I shall require good bail," said the magistrate. " towns-people," whispered Jinks. "They must be towns-people," said the magistrate. " Fifty pounds each," whispered Jinks, " and householders, of course." I shall require two sureties of fifty pounds each, said the magistrate aloud, with great dignity, " and they must be householders, of course' " But, bless my heart, sir," said Mr. Pickwick, who, together with Mr. Tup man, was all. amazement and indignation ; " we are perfect strangers in this town. I have as little knowledge of any house holdetshere, as I have intention of fighting a duel with any body." " I dare say," replied the magistrate, I date say don't you, Mr. Jinks?" " Certainly, sir." " Have you anything more to say?" inquired the magistrate. Mr. Pickwick had a great deal more to say, which he would no doubt have said, very little to his own advantage, or the magistrate's satisfaction, if he had not, the moment he ceased speaking, been pulled by the sleeve by Mr. Weller, with whom he was immediately engaged in so earnest a conversation, that he suffered the magistrate's inquiry to pass wholly unnoticed. Mr. Nupkins was not the man to ask a question of the kind twice over and so, with another preparatory to fill, he proceeded, amidst the reve control and admiring silence of the constables, to pronounce his decision. he should fine Weller two pounds for the first assault, and three pounds for the second. He should fine Winkle two pounds, and Snodgrass one pound, besides requiring them to enter into their own re- cognizances to keep the peace towards all his Majesty's subjects, and especially towards his liege servant, Daniel Gram- mar. Pickwick and Tupman he had already held to bail. Immediately on the magistrate ceasing to speak, Mr. Pickwick, with a smile mantling on his again good-humoured countenance, stepped forward, and said "I beg the magistrate's pardon, but may I request a few minutes private con- versation with him, on a matter of deep importance to himself?" "What!" said the magistrate, v. Mr. Pickwick repeated his request. " This is a most extraordinary request," said the magistrate-" A private interview !" " A private interview," replied Mr. Pickwick firmly ; " only as a part of the information which I wish to communicate is derived from my servant, I should wish him to be present." to The magistrate looked at Mr. Jinks, Mr. Jinks looked at the magistrate, and the officers looked at each other in amaze- ment. Mr. Nupkins turned suddenly pale. Could the man Weller, in a moment of remorse, have divulged some secret conspiracy for his assassination ? It was a dreadful thought. He was a public man and he turned pale as he thought of Julius Cosaraud Mr. Perceval. The magistrate looked at Mr. Pickwick again, and beckoned to Mr. Jinks. "What do you think of this request, Mr. Jinks? murmured Mr. Nupkins. Mr. Jinks, who didn't exactly know what to think of it, and was afraid he might offend, smiled feebly, after a dubious fashion, and, screwing up the corners of his mouth, shook his head slowly from side to side. ' '' 'Mr. Jinks," said the magistrate, gravely, "you are an ass, Sir." j " At this little expression of opinion, Mr. Jinks smiled again rather more feebly than before-and edited himself, by degrees, back into his own corner. , Mr. Nupkins debated the matter within himself for a few seconds, and then, rising from his chair, and requesting Mr. Pickwick and Sam to follow him, led the way into a small room which opened into the justice parlour. Desiring Mr. Pickwick to walk to the further end of the little apartment, and holding his hand upon the half-closed door, that he might be able to effect an immediate escape, in case there was the least tendency to a display of hostilities, Mr. Nupkins expressed his readiness to hear the communication, whatever it might be. I will come to the point at once Sir," said Mr. Pickwick, " it affects yourself and your credit, materially. I have every reason to believe, Sir, that you are harbouring in your house, a gross im- postor !" " Two," interrupted Sam, " Mulberry agius nature for tears and wdllainny." i'Sam," said Mr. Pickwick, "if lam to render myself intelligible to "this gen- tleman, I must beg you to control your feelings." in a m " Weryysorry,:Sir," replied Mr. Weller; " but when I think o'.that^ere^ol), I can't help opening the waive ones or twos " «.. " .-'. ""in one word, Sir," said Mr. Pickwick, enemy servant right in suspecting that a certain Captain Fitz-M Marshall is in the habit of visiting here? Because," added Mr. Pickwick, as he saw that Mr. Nupkins was about to offer a very indignant interruption because, if he be, I know that person to be a-" " Hush, hush," said Mr. Nupkins, closing the door. "Know him to be what, Sir?" > , ¡ "'An unprincipled adventurers dis- honourable character-a man who preys upon society, and makes easily deceived people his dupes, Sir ; his absurd, his foolish, his wretched dupes, Sir," said the excited Mr. Pickwick. " Dear me," said Mr. Nupkins, colouring up very red, and altering his whole manner directly. " Dear me, Mr. -" " Pickwick," said Sam. " Pickwick," said the magistrate, " dear me, Mr. Pickwick-pray take a seat you cannot mean this? Captain Pitz-Marshall !" ( To be continued.) 