KXTHACTS I'UOM NICHOLAS NICKLEUY. (lia the Author nt the Pickwick Puncrs. ! The MoNEV-i.r.snER at School ? 'Not confining himself to theory, or permitting his faculties to rust even at that early age' in mere abstract speculations, this pro mising lad (Halph Nickleby ) commenced usurer on a limited scale at school, putting out at good interest, a small capital of slate pencil and marbles, and gradually extending his operations until thev asuircd to the cornier roinage of this realm, in which he speculated to consi derable advantage. Nor did he trouble his borrowers with abstract calculations of figures, or references lo ready-reckoners; his simple rule of interest being all comprised in the one golden sentence, 'mo-pence for every half-penny,' which greatly simplified the accounts, and which, as a familiar precept, more easily acquired anil retained in the memory than any known rule of arithmetic, cannot be too strongly recommended to the notice of capitalists, both large and small, and more especially of money-lirokers and bill-discounters. In deed, lo do these gentlemen justice, many of them are to (his day in (he frequent habit of adopting it with eminent success. In like manner, did young Halph Nicklcbv avoid all those minute and intricate calculations of odd days, which nobody who has ever worked sums in simplcin teres! can fail to have found most embarrassing, by estab lishing the one general rule that all sums of principal and interest should be paid on pocket money day, that is to cay, on Saturday; and that whether a loan were contracted on the Monday or on (he Friday, the amount of interest should be hi both cases tlie same. Indeed lie argued, and with grent show of reason, that it ought to be rather more for one day than for five, inasmuch as the borrower might in the former case be very fairly pre sumed to be in great extremity, otherwise he would not borrow at all with such oilds against him. This fact is interesting, as illustrating the secret connexion and sym pathy which always exists between great minds. Though master Ralph Nickleby was not at that (ime aware of it, the class of gentlemen before alluded to, proceed on just the same principle in all their transactions.' LiOndon Garoekk — 'Some London houses have a melancholy little plot of ground behind them, usually fenced in by four, high whitewashed walls, and frowned upon by stacks of chimneys, in which there withers on from year lo year a crippled tree, (hat makes n show of putting forth a few leaves late in autumn, when other trees shed theirs, and drooping in the effort, lingers on, all crackled and smoke-dried till the following season, when it repeats the same process, and perhaps if the weather be particularly genial, even tempts some rheu matic sparrow to chirrup in its branches. 1'cople some times call the dark yards 'gardens;' it is not supposed that they were ever planted, but rather that they arc pieces of unreclaimed land, with the withered vegetation of the original brick-field. No man thinks of walking in this desolate place, or of turning it to any account, A few hampers, half a dozen broken bottles, and such like rubbish, may be thrown there when the tenant first movel in, but nothing more; n;id (hero they remnin till he goes away again, tlie damp straw taking just as long lo moulder as it tilings proper, nnd mingling with the scanty box, ami stunted cveriirowna, and broken llower-pois, they arc scattered mournfully about— a prey to 'blacks' and dirt.' The Miniature UoAiin ? ' A miniature painter lived there, for there was a large gilt frame screwed upon the street-door, in which were displayed, upon a black velvet ground, two portraits of naval dress coats, with faces looking out uf them, and telescopes attached; one of a young gentleman in a very vcrmillion uniform, flourish ing a sabre ; and one of a literary character with a high forehead, a pen and ink, six books, and n curtain. There was, moreover, a touching representation of a young ladv reading a manuscript in an unfathomable forest,and a charming whole length of a large-headed little hoy, silting on a stool with his legs foreshortened to the size of salt- spoons. Hesides these works of art, there were a great many heads of old ladies nnd gentlemen smirking nt each other out of blue and brown skies, and an ele gantly written card of terms with mi embossed border.' The Moskt-i.emier's Svupatiiv ? ' 1 can under stand a man's dying of a broken neck, or suffering from a broken arm, or a broken head, or a broken leg, or a broken nose; hut a broken heart— nonsense, it's the cant of the day. If a man can't pay his debts, he dies of a broken heart, and his widow is a martyr.' Mil. Kai.i-ii Nicklcbv ofikiis a Fuiitijsk to Nicho las.—' Arc you willing to work, Sir?' lie inquired, frowning on his nephew. ?' Of course 1 am,' replied Nicholas, haughtily. ' Then see here, Sir,' said his uncle. ' This caught my eye this morning, and you may thank your stars for it'.' With Ibis exordium, Mr. Halpli Nicklcbv took a newspaper from his pocket, and after unfolding it, and looking for a short time among the advert isemciits, read as follows: — Tun YoiiKsiiiiiE Schoolmaster.— « At Midsummer,' muttered Mr. .Squeers, resuming his complaint, ' 1 look down ten boys: ten tweutys— two hundred pound. 1 go back at eight o'clock to-morrow inoining, nnd have got onlv three, — three, oughts an ought — three twos six — sixty'pound. What's come of all Ihe boys? what's parents got in their heads ? what does it all mean ?' Here the little boy on Ilic lop of the trunk gave a violent sneeze. 'Halloa, Sir!' prowled the schoolmaster, turning round. 'What's that. Sir r ' Voiding, please. Sir,' replied the little boy. 'Nothing, Sir I' exclaimed Mr. Snueers ' Please Sir, I sneezed,' rejoined lire boy, trembling till the little trunk shook under him. ' Oh ! sneezed, did you ?' retorted Mr. Squeers. ' Then what did you say 'nothing' for, Sir?' In default of a belter answer to this question, Ihe little boy screwed a couple of knui kles into each of his eyes and began lo crv, wherefore Air. Squeers knocked | him off' the trunk v. ith a blow on one side of his face, and knocked him on again with a blow on the other. 'Wait till I get you donn into Yorkshire, my voting gentleman,' said Mr. Squcers, 'and then Til give you the rest. Will you bold tiiuf noise, Sir?' ?? Yc— ye— yes,' sobbed the little boy, rubbing his face very hard' with the Beggar's Petition in printed calico. ' Then do so at once, Sir,' said Squuers. ' Do you As this admonition was accompanied with a threaten ing gesture, and uttered with a savage aspect, the little bov rubbed bis face harder, as if lo keep the tears back; and, beyond alternately smiling and choking, gave no further 'vent to his emotions. ' Mr. Snueers,' said the waiter, looking in at this juncture; 'here's a gentleman asking for you at the bar.' ' Show the gentleman in, Kichard,' replied Mr. Squeers, in a soft voice. Put your handkerchief in your pocket, you little scoundrel, or I'll murder you when j the gentleman goes.' I The schoolmaster had tctrcely uttered these words in | a fierce whisper, when tlie stranger entered. Affecting , not to sec him, Mr. Squeers feigned 1o be intent upon ; mending a pen, and offering benevolent advice to his i youthful pupi!. | ' My dear child,' said Mr. Squcers, 'all people have ? their trials. This early trial or yours that is fit to make i your little heart burst, and your very eyes come out of your head with crying, whal is it? Nothing; less than nothing. You are leaving your friends, hut you will have a father in me, my dear, mid a mother in Mrs. Squcers. At the delightful villngc uf Dulhcboys, near Grelua Bridge, in Yorkshire, where youths are boarded, clothed, booked, washed, furnished with pocket-money, provided with oil necessaries — ' ' i ' It is the gentlemen,' observed the stranger, stopping Ihe schoolmaster in (he rehearsal of his advertisement 'Mr. Squeers, I believe, Sir?' | Old ANn Youkc— 'The face of the old mall was stern, hard featured and forbidding; that of the young one, open, handsome, and ingenuous. The old man's eye was keen with the twinklings of avarice and cunning; j the young man's, bright with the light of intelligence and 'spirit. His figure was somewhat slight, but manly and wcll-forined ; and apart from all the grace of youth and comeliness, there was an emanation from the warm young heart in his look and bearing which kept the old man down.' A ltov.-—' This word is much used as n term of re proach by cldcrlv gentlemen towards llier juniors, pro bably with the view of deluding society into tiic belief that if they could be young again, they wouldn't on any account.' - Ssow Him ? ,.Whal kind of place can the quiet town's-pcoplc who see the words emblazoned in all the i legibility of gill letters and dark shading on the north- ' country coaches, take Snow Mill to be? All the peo- [ pie have some undefined and shadowy notion of a place whose name is frequently before their eyes or often in their cars, and whal a vast number of random ideas there ; must be perpetually floating about regcrdiug this same Snow Hill. The name is such a good o::c. Snow ; Hill— Snow Hill too, coupled with a Saracen's Head: I picturing to us by a double association of ideas, some- j thing stern and rugged. A bleak, desolate tract of coun- I try, open to piercing blasts and fierce wintry storms — a ' dark, cold, and gloomy heath, lonely by day, and scarcely to be thought of by honest folks at iihhl— a place, which solitary wayfarers shun, and where despe- I rate robbers congregate';— this, or something like this, : we imagine must be the prevalent notion of Snow Hill in (hose remote and rustic parts, through which the Sa racen's Head, like some grim apparition, rushes each day and night with mysterious and ghost-like punc tuality, holding its swift and headlong course in all weathers and seeming to bid defiance to the very elements themselves. ' The reality is rather different, but by no means to be despised notwithstanding. There, at the very core of London, in the heart of its business and animation, in the midst of a whirl of noise and motion ; stemming as it were the giant currents of life that flow ceaselessly on from different quarters, and meet beneath it's walls, stands Newgate ; and in that crowded street on which it frowns so darkly— within a few feet of the squalid, tottering houses— upon the very spot on which the venders of soup and fish mid damaged fruit are noiv plying their trades — scores of human beings, amidst a roar of sounds to which even the tumult of a great city is a nothing, four, six, or eight strong men at a time, have been hurried violently and swiftly from the world, when (he scene has been rendered frightful with excess of human life; when curious eyes have glared from casement, and house-top, and wall, nnd pillar, and when, in the mass of white and upturned faces, the dying wretch in his nil .comprehensive look of agony, has met not one — not one— that bore the impress of pity or com passion. ' Near lo the jail, and by consequence near to Smith field also, and the Compter, end the bustle and noise of the city ; and juet on the particular port of Snow Hill where omnibus horses going eastwards seriously think of falling down on purpose, and where horses in hackney cabriolets going westwards not unfrequently fall by accident, is the coach-yard of the Saracen's Head Inn, its portal guarded by two Saracens' heads and shoulders, which it was once the pride and glory of the choice spirits of this metropolis to pull donn at night, but which have for some time remained in undisturbed I tranquility; possibly because tills species of humour is now confined to St. James's parish, whore door-knockers are preferred, as being more portable and bell-wires as | convenient tooth-picks. Whether this be the reason or ' not, there they are frowning upon you from each side of the gate, and the inn itself garnished with another Saracen b head, frowns upon you from the top of the yard ; while from the door of the bind boot of all the red coaches that are standing therein, there glares a small Saracen's Head with a twin expression to the large Saracen's Heads below, so that the general appear ance of the pile is of the Saracenic order.' ' YonKMiiXE Sciiooi.sastkii — Mr. Sqtl.w's appear- ; aucc was not prepossessing. He had but one eye, and the ; popular prejudice runs hi favour of two. The eye he : had was unquestionably useful, but decidedly not orna- - mental, being of ajrrecnish grey, and in shape resembling j the fanlight of a street-door. The blank sidcof his face was much wrinkled and puckered up, which gave him a very sinister appearance, especially when he smiled, at which limes his expression bordered closely on the villa nous. His hair was very flat and shiny, savcat the ends, where it was brushed stiffly up from a low protruding forehead, which assorted well with his harsh voice and coarse manner. He was about two or three and fifty, and a trifle below the middle size ; he wore a white ncck handkercliief with long ends, and a suit of scholastic Mack, hut his coat sleeves being a great deal too long, and his trousers a great deal too short, he appeared ill at ease in his clothes, and as if he were in a perpetual sutc of astonishment at finding himself so respectable. ' 