VISIT TO, THE SHAKERS AT NEW LEBANON. (From the correspondent of an Ameri can paper. Nassau Village, Oct. 2, 1837. On Sunday morning we left this charming village, and a more charm ing one need not be sought for, in company with two or three of our friends, for the shaker village' at New Lebanon, and after a very pleasant morning drive through a country for the most part perfectly delightful, we reached the object of the visit, and were ushered into the building in which these strange creatures perform what they call their 'worship.' It was a little past 11 o'clock when we arrived, and we hurried at once into the house, where we found the shakers drawn up in regular battalia, the males at one end of the room, and the fe males at the other, facing each other in well dressed ranks of 10 files, with a very small interval between the par ties militant — militant, because they were thus arrayed, we conclude, for the express purpose of doing battle with the devil and conquering all carnal propensities. When we say the ranks were well dressed, we speak militarily altogether, for so far as cos tume was concerned, ' the least saW is easiest mended,' though we do not; oTcourst,, ? .. ;_«:__»., «u»t their clothes wanted patching, for, to do them justice, everythingwas 'good as new ;' but we mean that we did not by any means admire the shaker tog gery, and especially as Borne of the brethren were in their shirt sleeves. the ladies, however, are always more tasteful in these matters, and the snow white caps and kerchiefs of the ' sis ters' were almost neat enough to neu tralize the claret-coloured bags, which we believe they denominate gowns. In the dress and in the position at which we have hinted, were these be ings, when we took our seats among the ' world's people' on the outside of the room. As the worshippers stood when we entered, they would have been taken at a first glance for so many ghosts transfixed to the spot, or possibly for dead bodies recently dug up and placed in perpendicular position ; pos sibly, again, for some hundred or two of unfortunate passengers of a wreck ed ship, frozen into fixtures on her deck ; for they were still as statues, and every leature as immovable. Soon, however, the worship ! com menced by singing ; the first stave of which unearthly melody was like the broadside of a line-of- battle ship, or a peal of thunder off Cape Halteras. We never before beard such music, liackett's fiddleof' 300 horse power,' would be considered a Jew's harp in the comparison. These Shakeresses would make Colonel Benton ashamed of one of his most brazen blasts. To be candid, however, we must acknow ledge that there were some sweet strains in this potent melody, and that their tunes are, some of them, capital in their ' capabilities,'- especially in their adaptation to jigs. They must have been composed with -especial re ference to the ' double shuffle.' When the first chant Jiad ceased, by some secret signal, the male Shakers com menced strippinglikeso many bruisers upon the eve of a set-to, and in about one minute by the watch, every one of the Godly had denuded himself of his' coat, hung it up,, on a peg, and re sumed his station in the ranks, ready, heel and toe, for the sacred saraband. By the wajy this business of dancing towards Heo.veh4i^aJft-rnpipe,6cemed marvcllously^pleasaht'to Jhe more ju venHo portionvhf'tbc ' wcrshippers,' and ho Yankee} 'stripling «vcr. threw off his outside .yestimenls in greater glee at a liusking. These prelimina ries being settled, ihe Shakers male and female, after tl-.mtflng up to each other, and back again a few times, fumed themselves into concentric cir cles, the inucrraost ouc consisting of about 20 of both sexes, acting us u sort of orchestra, while the outer ring dauccd around them. All these movements were made in the most ex act time to the music, and no ballet at the theatre ever exhibited better trainingormore rigid discipline. Some of the most complicated manoeuvres took place, and the marchings, coun termarchings, shufflings, and counter shufflings, were perfect ' ' clock-work ; ' not a miss was made, and not a single hlunder occurred, so far as we could discover, in the whole proceedings. Everything was done with the most precise regularity. Occasionally, how ever, the whole mass would, by way of variety, throw itself into what printers call pie, and how in the name of all that was bejumbled they were ever to get into order again, or even to identity weir own teet and legs, was more than we could divine; but it was all perfect science with them, and in an instant, at some given signal, secret altogether to us, each saint and saint ess was at the proper place in the ranks, and the whole corps in readi ness for a new campaign into New Je rusalem. After the dancing had pret ty well worried the believers, they again came into position, with the per spiration rolling off their facesinliteral cataracts, and one of the bretheren commenced an exhortation. This we could hear but little of or at least could distinguish very little. Another ve nerable man then came through the interval between the men and women, and delivered an harrangue to us sin ners. It was a sensible, modest, and, to all appearance, a sincere address. We liked this Shaker better than any one we saw. Pretty soon die Napo leon of the community came forward and lectured some giggling girls who were flirting with a young buck who sat next to them. This speech we shall be very apt to remember. It will hardly do to repeat it totidem cerbis, but there was one figure that we hope we may repeat without offence. ' This is no place for courting,' says brother Daniel, ' this is no hospital for the cure of your diseases.' This through, with the more ulterior antics commenced, the more profound mys teries were gone into ; and here begin our difficulties of description. Shaks- peare himself would have been at fault in such a scene. The woman bellow- ed and the 'male creatures' yelled. Noband of Ottawasever yelled louder or more hideously. One of the elders gave the word of command to the wor shippers to shake themselves clear of the Devil and all bis works, and such a shaking as followed, we venture to say, has not taken place since the Lis bon earthquake. One eharp|noscd fellow with a bald head actuallyfshook till we trembled for' the integrity of his gallow-gaskins, and two or three of the sisterhood had the lady quake to such an alarming degree that we felt a distinct shock oursplf, though at eorue distance from the ^catastrophic. ; They waltzed, they, gafiopaded, /and they jumped. Tlejnysteries of the ma zourka are ptfiectly plain s'ailingxom parcd with the unmentionable and) to tally indescribable complexities of those shaker inexplicalUtics. * Those who have seen pieces ofiiainted glass shaken together ^in tifc kaleidoscope may form some faint conception of them. Thcy^lhrew up their arms, and senU^Oieir heels in such utter rccklesncss, that it'was fearful to con template the risk they ran of ever getting them home again. The ladies nironcltcd with'io much disregard to drapery, that nothing more celestial was ever wibessed at the Bowery theatre. Siceral of them turned round' upon one heel until they be came so diz;y that they fell into each other's arm, and one actually fell prostrate outhe floor. There may not be any inspration in this rotatory drun kenness, bit we doubt not that there is a great leal in tbe process that feels like itl ^ woman can hardly know whether the is in the seventh heaven or the Akgdalen Asylum after about 250 gyfttions on her sinister heel. These piople profess to go through the world »pon the principle of strict chastity and not to flatter the fair por tion of he community at New Leban non, itis our opinion, that no set of lemalcj ever exposed themselves to contact with the opposite sex with more formidable defences. There were lot three pretty faces in the whole tyancing sisterhood we saw on the occhion.and we doubt very much whetheilOO females can be found on the conbnentwith a greater aggregate of ugliuas than was exhibited in this congregation ; nor have the men any thing to (bast o(. There were some halfadozei good looking countenances among theh, but a vast majority might have tossel coppers with JEsop with a fair prosrkct of winning the supe riority of illlooks. A negro man with grey wool (was decidedly the best looking inqvidual among them, and was, withal^ beyond all competition, the best dincer. This worthy, we take it, was originally from Long Is land, or he never could have been so great at 'Ihcel and toeing.' Nothing but early education could have im parted such inimitable skill in this branch of k- human learning.' This account of the Shakers may, for ought we know, be considered an exaggerated caricature, but it is no such thing. So far from our having stated a single fact ir incident too strongly, we are rerypuch below the mark in every thing we have said. Tke Shakers may be very merito rious in many points of their character as men and women, and we believe they are, but as pretenders to religion they are the veriest fanatics, and .as we believe, hypocrites, that ever arose in this strange world of ours. There may be those among them who are de luded, but we most sincerely believe that much the largest portion are sim ply philosophers, who find it profitable and convenient to assume the by pocricy for their own purposes, sensual and pecuniary. 