"THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN ACT AND THIS COUNCIL OF GOVERNMENT." UNDER this huge title the ex-Advocate-ge- neral has favored the public with a "spick and span new" Incubration in every respect worthy the fame acquired by his previous expound- ings of all that was dark in our position or dubious in our rights. The present demon- stration of the numerous and delightful intri- cacies of the system of government under which we have the happiness to vegetate, is more than usually characteristic; but it has also the merit of breaching another original theory of vast importance, and of adding one more to the many advantages which have been already discovered by the learned editor as inherent in the principles and peculiar to the constitution of our pleasant province. Upon any more apocryphal authority we should hesi- tate to repeat a fact so momentous to the in- habitants, or so likely to cause another ebullition of joy and—fireworks. But the gentleman who claims to be one of the local "Board of Go- vernors," and, withal, the legal adviser of the Crown, cannot surely be so mistaken in his law, or so incorrect in his facts, as to destroy all confidence in either by hazarding an assertion he cannot sustain, and therefore, on his autho- rity, without further preface, we announce of the fortunate denizens of South Australia that, for lack of an English Act of Parliament, "they are if not de facto, at least de jare Exempt from Taxation!" Our readers may and probably will grin— let them. Here is the paragraph itself as it reads in the original:— "Though a world of waters intervenes between ourselves and merry England, yet can we as [?] claim exemption from taxation (save on the basis of the admitted principles of English law) as it our fact yet trod the glorious shores of our father land!" None of our friends, we hope, will display their ignorance by hinting that there is a slight obscurity in the above exception, or imagine that our crudite moonshee could mean anything so absurd as the "admitted principles of Eng- lish statute law, while he knew—or if he did not every body else knows—that the common law of the realm has nothing whatever to do with taxation. But we shall not risk the charge of founding upon an isolated passage or misrepresenting the scope of so exquisite an argument. We therefore request our readers to pardon us for quoting it entire. The writer has just stated that the annual liabilities of the colony amount of the trifling sum of £19,000, and he proceeds as follows:— " Now, if we ask how is this to be met, the answer stares us in the face—by taxation. And here one of the most important considerations which can affect a people intervenes and rises up like a spectre in our path ;—by whom are we to be taxed? Since the time of the third Planteganet,* this problem has been solved. Despite kindly ar- rogance and lordly misrule—despite the sword of the iron fisted baron, or the crosier of the exacting priest—the sturdy merchants and franklins of the olden time claimed for themselves and for their posterity to be of the Council which demanded of them the aid or the benevolence of the hour. The claim then conceded has never from that hour been abandoned,—and on the contrary the right once allowed has grown with our growth, and strengthened with our strength. Through many a dark and trying hour the banner of freedom has still been carried onward, and suc- cessively every outwork and fortification of des- potic power has been overthrown, and it now floats proudly on the high places, and the in- nermost penetralia of absolutism. But it may be said what connexion can exist between the well known struggle and the admitted victory of the Briton, and the rights and privileges of the Southern Australian Much every way. The Englishman loses not in a distant land the rights which his ancestors fought for and won in the green isle of his earlier years. Though a world of waters intervenes between ourselves and merry England, yet can we as proudly claim exemption from taxation (save on the basis of the admitted principles of English law) as if our feet yet trod the glorious shores of our father land. A Briton has always vested in him unalienably a Briton's rights; and as one of the consequences of these rights let it never be forgotten that the Crown of England cannot, of its own prerogative, tax, or delegate to another the power of taxing by pre- rogative " Here is Information worth having! If it be not after oil, quite original, still, since the days of Wat Tyler, it has never been so em- phatically given. The whole passage is in the true bow-wow-we-will-all-fire style. Then the * Sic in orig. scene opens so naturally with a pleasant dialogue between a gentleman of the scythe and a gen- tleman of the press, that the effect is absolutely dramatic. " A most important consideration rises up like a spectre and asks— by whom are we to be taxed? What will " the people at the Adelphi " say to this, or what would they give for a play in which a consideration, in the shape of a spectre, was to appear upon the stage ? We never heard of a more happy fancy—a more appropriate simile. It beats Sir Boyle Roche's "fellow, who stood like a cro- codile with his hands in his breeches pockets, " all to sticks. When we take to classical writing we shall certainly attempt an imitation. To proceed—the ghost having asked a legal opinion on the point " by whom are we to be, taxed?" — the learned gentleman, in nowise puzzled or appalled, promptly answers— " Since the days of the third Plantaganet that problem has been solved!!" Now the meaning of this reply cannot surely be what its words plainly import. Ambiguity has always been considered the prime ingredient of the responses of oracles, and we are not disposed to dispute in Adelaide what was per- mitted at Delphi. But our private impression is—and we state it with becoming deference— that the claims of South Australia were not urged at Runnymede at all — nay, that the sturdy barons absolutely and entirely forgot our beautiful province on that occasion—more shame to them say we ! We differ, therefore, from the learned member of the " Board of Governors" on this point, and suggest the propriety of returning the honorarium or con- sideration to the ghost, seeing that he has not only shirked the question, but that his opinion is, besides, unsound, and not worth the money. It could not be presumed that even we, poor provincials as we are, were so totally ignorant of the history of our political rights or of every day facts as not to know that taxes can only be imposed and levied in England by the authority of Parliament; and we therefore hesitate to believe that so much elegant com- position should have been thrown away in proving what everybody knew quite as well as our learned friend. Had the ghost put the same question to us, or enquired of the first colonist he encountered— by whom are we to be taxed? —the chances are that his worship would have been referred for a satis- factory asnwer to the following section of the Act 4 and 5 William IV, c. 95:— "And be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and suc- cessors, by any order or orders to be by him or them made with the advice of his or their Privy Council, to make, ordain, and subject to such con- ditions and restrictions as to him or them shall seem meet, to authorise and empower any one or more persons resident and being within any one of the said provinces, to make, ordain, and establish all such laws, institutions, or ordinances, and to con- stitute such courts and appoint such officers and also such Chaplains and Clergymen of the Esta- blished Church of England or Scotland, and to impose and levy such rates, duties, and taxes as may be necessary for the peace, order, and good government of his Majesty's subjects and others within the said province or provinces; provided that all such orders, and all laws and ordinances so to be made, as aforesaid, shall be laid before the King in Coundil as soon as conveniently may be after the making and enacting thereof respectively, and that the same shall not in any wise by contrary or repugnant to any of the proisions of this Act." We need scarcely add that taxes will con- tinue to be levied, when necessary, under the powers granted by the above section, by the Governor and Council of the province. The ghost being laid, we proceed to notice, for the present, with great brevity, two of the most impudent assertions which the un- happy spirit of party has yet called forth. The first of those, that " the opposition to the late Governor, Captain Hindmnrsh, was an op- position not of passion but of principle, " is so so flagrantly and notoriously untrue that we feel any refutation of the statement would be super- fluors. The second assertion, "that the powers claimed and misused by Captain Hind- marsh have been utterly subversive of all which a plain mind would infer to have been conceded and guaranteed to the intending colonists of South Australia by the Imperial Parliament of Great Britain," is a dirty de- mocratic attempt to snarl at Colonel Gawler under the presence of abusing Captain Hind- marsh. The late Governor claimed no power which did not rightly belong to him ; and we now challenge the learned ex- Advocate to produce a single instance either of his having done so, or "misused" his authority in any degree or on any occasion. It is easy to make a sweeping general charge; but it will be found difficult to sustain a specific one. Let the experiment be tried if he dare— and we here promise to meet him on any public act of the late Governor's ad- ministration. For our own parts, we are amazed at the assurance of these brawlers. They denied the right of Captain Hindmarsh in council to suspend any officer who, ex officio, was a member of Council, or to appoint any other to fill his place till her Majesty's pleasure be known. Calonel Gawler, acting with no increased authority, but under the legal advice of the higher law officers of the Crown, appoints a member of Council without consulting the Council at all, and merely in virtue of the royal prerogative. What then becomes of all the beautiful mummery about the " Board of Governors" when the chief is himself authorised to do all that pertains to its executive functions ? But it is unnecessary to dwell on the subject. The facts are before the public; and all the special pleading in the world will never twist the simple, consistent, loyal consitution of the province into a set of wild, mischievous, democratic crotchets. 