SKETCHES BV BOZ. THE STEAM EXCURSION. (CONCLUDED FROM OUR LAST.) “ Now,” said Mr. Percy Noakes, who had just ascended from the fore-cabin, where he had been busily engaged in decanting the wine, “ if the Misses Briggs will oblige us with something be- fore dinner, I am sure we shall be very much delighted.” One of those hums of admiration followed the suggestion which one frequently hears in society when nobody has the most distant notion of what he is expressing his approval of. The three Misses Briggs looked modestly at their mamma, and the mamma looked approvingly at her daughters, and Miss Taunton looked scorn- fully at all of them. The Misses Briggs asked for their guitars, and several gentlemen se- riously damaged the cases in their anxiety to present them. Then there was a very interest- ing production of three little keys for the afore- said cases, and a melodramatic expression of horror at finding a string broken ; and a vast deal of screwing and tightening, and winding and tuning, during which Mrs. Briggs expa- tiated to those near her on the difficulty of playing a guitar, and hinted at the wondrous proficiency of her daughters in that mystic art. Miss Taunton whispered to a neighbour that it was. “ quite sickening !” and the Misses Taunton tried to look as if they knew how to play, but disdained to do so. At length the Misses Briggs began in real earnest. It was a new Spanish composi- tion, for three voices and three guitars. The effect was electrical. All eyes were turned upon the captain, who was reported to have once passed through Spain with his regi- ment, and who, of course, must be well ac- quainted with the national music. He was in raptures. This was sufficient ; the trio was encored — the applause was universal, and never had the Tauntons suffered such a complete defeat. “ Bravo ! bravo !” ejaculated the cap- tain ; — “ Bravo !” “ Pretty ! isn’t it, sir ?” inquired Mr. Samuel Briggs, with an air of a self-satis- fied showman. By-the-by, these were the first words he had been heard to utter since he left Boswell-court the evening before. “ De—lightful !” returned the captain, with a flourish and a military cough; — “ de—lightful !” “ Sweet instrument !” said an old gen- tleman with a bald head, who had been trying all the morning to look through a telescope, inside the glass of which Mr. Hardy had fixed a large black wafer. “ Did you ever hear a Portuguese tam- bourine ?” inquired that jocular individual. “ Did you ever hear a tom-tom, sir ?” sternly inquired the captain, who lost no opportunity of showing off his travels, real or pretended. “ A what ?” asked Hardy, rather taken aback. “ A tom-tom.” “ Never !” “ Nor a gum-gum.” “ Never !”' " What is a gum-gum ?” eagerly inquired several young ladies. “ When I was in the East Indies,” re- plied the captain — (here was a discovery — he had been in the East Indies !) — “ when I was in the East Indies, I was once stopping several miles up the country, at the house of a very particular friend of mine. Ram Chowdar Doss Azuph Al Bowlar — devilish pleasant fellow. As we were enjoying our hookahs one evening in the cool verandah, in front of his villa, we were rather surprised by the sudden appearance of thirty-four of his kit-ma-gars (for he had rather a large establishment there,) accompanied by an equal number of Consumars, approaching the house with a threatening aspect, and beating a tom-tom. The Ram started up—” “ The who ?” inquired the bald gentle- man, interested. “ The Ram— Ram Chowdar — ” “ Oh !” said the old gentleman, “ I beg your pardon ; it really didn't occur to me ; pray go on.” “ — — started up and drew a pistol. ‘ Helves,’ said he, ‘ my boy,’ — he always called me, my boy — ‘ Helves,’ said he, ‘ do you hear that tom-ton ?’ — ‘ I do,’ said I. His countenance, which before was pale, assumed a most frightful appearance ; his whole visage was distorted, and his frame shaken by violent emotions. ‘ Do you see that gum-gum,’ said he. ‘ No,’ said I, staring about me. ‘ You don’t,’ said he. ‘ No, I’ll he damned if I do,’ said I; ‘ and what’s more I don’t know what a gum-gum is,’ said I. I really thought the man would have dropped. He drew me aside, and, with an expression of agony I shall never forget, said in a low whisper — ” “ Dinner’s on the table ladies,” inter- rupted the steward’s wife. “ Will you allow me ?” said the captain, immediately suiting the action to the word, and escorting Miss Julia Briggs to the ca- bin, with as much ease as if he had finished the story. “ What an extraordinary circumstance ?” ejaculated the same old gentleman, preserv- ing his listening attitude. “ What a traveller,” said the young la- dies. “ What a singular name,” exclaimed the gentlemen, rather confused by the coolness of the whole affair. “ I wish he had finished the story,” said an old lady. “ I wonder what a gum-gum really is.” “ By Jove !” exclaimed Hardy, who un- til now had been lost in utter amazement, I don’t know what it may be in India, but in England I think a gum-gum has very much the same meaning as a humbug.” “ How illiberal ! how envious !” said everybody, as they made for the cabin, fully impressed with a belief in the captain’s amazing adventures. Helves was the sole lion for the remainder of the day — impu- dence and the marvellous are sure passports to any society. The party had by this time reached their destination, and put about on their return home. The wind, which had been with them the whole day, was now directly in their teeth ; the weather had become gra- dually more and more overcast ; and the sky, water and shore, were all of that dull, heavy, uniform lead-colour which house- painters daub in the first instance over a street door which is gradually approaching a state of convalescence. It had been spitting with rain for the last half-hour, and it now began to pour in good earnest. The wind was freshening very fast, and the wa- terman at the wheel had unequivocally ex- pressed his opinion that there would shortly be a squall. A slight emotion on the part of the vessel now and then, seemed to sug- gest the possibility of its pitching to a very uncomfortable extent in the event of its blowing harder ; and every timber began to creak as if the boat were an overladen clothes-basket. Sea-sickness, however, is like a belief in ghosts — every one entertains some misgivings on the subject, but few will acknowledge them. The majority of the company, therefore, endeavoured to look pceuliaily happy, feeling all the while espe- cially miserable. “ Don’t it rain ?” inquired the old gentle- man before noticed, when, by dint of squeez- ing and jamming, they were all seated at table. “ I think it does — a little,” replied Mr. Percy Noakes, who could hardly hear him- self speak, in consequence of the pattering on the the deck. “ Don’t it blow ?” inquired some one else. “ No — I don’t think it does,” responded Hardy, sincerely wishing that he could per- suade himself it did not, for he sat near the door and was almost blown off his seat. “ It’ll soon clear up,” said Mir. Percy Noakes, in a cheerful tone. “ Oh, certainly !” ejaculated the commit- tee generally. “ No doubt of it,” said the remainder of the company, whose attention was now pretty well engrossed by the serious business of eating, carving, taking wine, and so forth. The throbbing motion of the engine was but too perceptible. There was a large sub- stantial cold boiled leg of mutton at the bot- tom of the table, shaking like blanc-mange ; a hearty surloin of beef looked as if it had been suddenly seized with the palsy ; and some tongues, which were placed on dishes rather too large for them, were going through the most surprising evolutions, darting from side to side, and from end to end, like a fly in an inverted wine-glass. Then the sweets shook and trembled till it was quite impossi- ble to help them, and people gave up the at- tempt in despair ; and the pigeon-pies looked as if the birds, whose legs were struck out- side, were trying to get them in. The table vibrated and started like a feverish pulse, and the very legs were slightly convulsed — every- thing was shaking and jarring. The beams in the roof of the cabin seemed as if they were put there for the sole purpose of giving people head-ache, and several elderly gentlemen became ill-tempered in conse- quence. As fast as the steward put the fire- irons up, they would fall down again ; and the more the ladies and gentlemen tried to sit comfortably on their seats, the more the seats seemed to slide away from the ladies, and gentlemen. Several ominous demands were made for small glasses of brandy, the countenances of the company gradually un- derwent the most extraordinary changes ; and one gentleman was observed suddenly to rush from table without the slightest ostensi- ble reason, and dart up the steps with incredi- ble swiftness, thereby greatly damaging both himself and the steward, who happened to be coming down down at the same moment. The cloth was removed : the dessert was laid on the table, and the glasses were filled. The motion of the boat increased ; several members of the party began to feel rather vague and misty, and looked as if they had only just got up. The young gentleman with the spectacles, who had been in a fluc- tuating state for some time — one moment bright and another dismal, like a revolving light on the sea-coast — rashly announced his wish to propose a toast. After several in- effectual attempts to preserve his perpendicu- lar, the young gentleman, having managed to hook himself to the centre leg of the table with his left hand proceeded as follows : “ Ladies and gentleman. A gentleman is among us—I may say a stranger — (here some painful thought seemed to strike the orator ; he paused and looked extremely odd) whose talents, whose travels, whose cheerfulness — ” “ I beg your pardon, Edkins,” hastily in- terrupted Mr. Percy Noakes. — “ Hardy, what’s the matter ?” “ Nothing,” replied the ‘ funny ’ who had just life enough left to utter two consecutive syllables. “ Will you have some brandy ?” “ No,” replied Hardy, in a tone of great indignation, and looking about as comfortable as Temple-bar in a Scotch midst ; “ what should I want brandy for ;” “ Will you go on deck ?” “ No, I will not.” This was said with a most determined air, and in a voice which might have been taken for an imitation of any thing ; it was quite as much like a guinea-pig as a bassoon. “ I beg your pardon, Edkins,” said the courteous Percy ; “ I thought our friend was ill. Pray go on.” A pause. “ Pray go on.” “ Mr. Edkins is gone,” cried somebody. “ I beg your pardon, sir,” said the stew- ard, running up to Mr. Percy Noakes, “ I beg your pardon, sir, but the gentleman as just went on deck — him with the green specta- cles — is uncommon bad to be sure ; and the young man as played the wiolin says, that unless he has some brandy he can’t answer for the consequences. He says he has a wife and two children, whose werry subsis- tence depends on his breaking a wessle, and that be expects to do so every moment. The flageolet’s been very ill, but he’s better, only he’s in such a dreadful prusperation.” All disguise was now useless ; the com- pany staggered on deck, the gentlemen tried to see nothing but the clouds, and the ladies muffled up in such shawls and cloaks as they had brought with them, laid about on the seats and under the seats in the most wretched condition. Never was such blow- ing, and raining, and pitching, and tossing endured by any pleasure party before. Se- veral remonstrances were sent down below on the subject of Master Fleetwood, but they were totally unheeded in consequence of the indisposition of his natural protectors. That interesting child screamed at the very top of his voice, until he had no voice left to scream with, and then Miss Wakefield began and screamed for the remainder of the passage. Mr. Hardy was observed some hours afterwards in an attitude which induced his friends to suppose that he was busily en- gaged in contemplating the beauties of the deep ; they only regretted that his taste for the pictureque should lead him to remain so long in a position, very injurious at all times but especially so to an individual labouring under a tendency of blood to the head. The party arrived off the custom-house at about two o’clock on Thursday morning — dispirited and worn out. The Tauntons were too ill to quarrel with the Briggses, and the Briggses were too wretched to annoy the Tauntons. One of the guitar-cases was lost on its passage to a hackney-coach, and Mrs. Briggs has not scrupled to state that the Tauntons bribed a porter to throw it down an area. Mr. Alexander Briggs op- poses vote by ballot — he says from personal experience of its inefficacy ; and Mr. Samuel Briggs, whenever he is asked to express his sentiments on the point, says that he has no opinion on that or any other subject. Mr. Edkins— the young gentleman in the green spectacles — makes a speech on every occasion on which a speech can possibly be made, the eloquence of which can only be equalled by its length. In the event of his not being previously appointed to a judge- ship, it is most probable that he will practise as a barrister in the New Central Criminal Court. Captain Helver continues his attention to Miss Julia Briggs, whom he might possibly have espoused, if it had not unfortunately happened that Mr. Samuel arrested him in the way of business, pursuant to instructions received from Messrs. Scroggins and Payne, whose town debts the gallant captain had condescended to collect, but whose accounts with the indiscretion so peculiar to military minds — he had omitted to keep with that dull accuracy which custom has rendered necessary. Mrs. Taunton complains that she has been much deceived in him. He introduced himself to the family on board a Gravesend steam-packet, and certainly, therefore, ought to have proved respectable. Mr. Percy Noakes is as light-hearted and careless as ever. We have described him as a general favorite in his private circle — we hope he may find a kindly-disposed friend or two in public. 