Original Correspondence. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. Sydney, October 6, 1838. SIR,-As one who would like to see justice done to all parties, and especially to influential parties in this community, I shall feel much obliged by your permitting me to offer a friendly stricture or two on one of the recent communica- tions of your Brisbane Water Correspondent, whose minute and interesting information res- pecting that promising district was, I confess, quite new to me ; but who, I still in speaking a of a certain personage had recently been "not given the devil is due." After telling us, for example, that that personage had recently been conjured out of the Roman Catholic allotment on Cockle Creek, by Bishop Polding (in memory of which, I understand the Bishop has planted a wooden cross at each four corners of the al- lotment), your correspondent states it is not im- probable that " he might cross the creek at low water, one of these days, and fix himself in the Episcopalian allotment on the other side, unless frightened or charmed away by Bishop Brough- ton." Now, after telling us that not fewer than nine persons have died suddenly at Brisbane Water, close alongside the rum-cask, within the last few years, it is out of the question to sup- pose, with your correspondent, that the devil should still have so little personal influence in that district as not to be able to borrow a boat from any body to ferry him across Cockle Creek, but that he must wait for low water, and spoil his black velvet breeches to the bargain, by wading across. It is possible, indeed, that if he were getting Mr. Humphreys' boat, which I fancy would not be refused him, even as a sort of novice to quit, none of the assigned servants, who, it seems, are all good Catholics, might be inclined to row the boat with such a passenger on board. But let him alone for that ; for what could be easier for so old at hand, than to sit in the stern of the boat, and scull himself across with his tail ? Besides, it is a serious imputation on the foul fiend to suppose, with your correspondent, that he is unable to swim,and must therefore wait for low water, when merest currency boys can swim double the distance. Everybody knows that the serpents of this colony take the water : and why should " that old serpent, the devil," be unable to do the same ? I should like also to know, whether any steps are likely to be taken to prevent the devil's en- tering the two acres of ground that your corres- pondent informs us have recently been given to the Presbyterians, on the other side of the creek, for a church and church-yard, I suppose ; for I take it for granted that Bishop Broughton will suffer no time to be lost in disposessing him of the Episcopalian allotment, if he ventures to erect even a bark-hut for himself upon it. I am, Sir, Your obedient Servant, A CLERK-IN-TOWN. The Brisbane Water Correspondent, having been favoured with a sight of the preceding communication from Mr. Clerk-in- town, begs to acknowledge that the idea of the very great facility with which the foul fiend could obtain and manage a boat to get himself across Cockle Creek did not occur to him on writing his communi- cation, and he therefore feels obliged to Mr. C. for his suggestion. As to his being able to swim across the creek, that is another question : for Mr. C. must bear in mind a that the creek is a salt water inlet, and that the foul fiend has, if we may believe Dr. Ullathorne, so utter an aversion to salt water, or rather to salt and water, that he would not be in- duced to put his foot into it for the world. In fact, he hates salt and water as cats hate mustard. In proof of this, it is only necessary to refer to the following fact. In the year 1835, agreeably to the able narratire of the Rev. Dr. Ullathorne, when Bishop Polding was exorcising the devil out of the block of hewn stone intended for a foun- dation stone for the Roman Catholic Chapel, at Parramatta, he first got a quantity of pure water from the Parramatta River, over which he re- peated a Latin prayer, with his mitre on, and then a quantity of Mr. John Blaxland's best co- lonial salt, over which he repeated another prayer in the same lanage, which everybody knows he hates as he does Irish, with his mitre off ; and then he mixed the two, just as a chemist would do, but "in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost"-a profanation of the divine name, by the way, which all Protes- ants at the time in the colony considered as downright blasphemy! With this simple com- pound - mere salt and water - the Bishop sprinkled the devil-possessed stone, and no sooner had the precious liquid come in contact with the latter, than the foul fiend was out of it in an instant, and slunk off as if there had been a canister at his tail! It is a notable discovery, this of the salt and water, for getting the devil out of any thing, whether it be stones or allot- ments, and we are certainly indebted for it to the Church of Rome! Surely we ought to be thankful for such mercies! As to the Presbyterian allotment, Mr. Cler-. in- town is under a mistake in supposing that any direct attempts will ever be made by these poor unhappy people to keep the devil out of their ground. So long as they can keep him out of their churches, which they always endeavour to do downright preaching at him, they make him quite welcome to their church-yards; and provided they can get him out of the hearts of the living, they have little objection to his doing what he likes with the bodies of the dead. Poor unhappy creatures ! they know nothing of the virtues of salt and water, or of a Latin prayer with the mitre on ! 