THE POETICAL COBBLER. Silly Muggs, a little squat-looking woman, not very fair, and on the wrong side of forty, came bustling forward to the bar, and looking the sitting magistrate ripressivcly in the race, laid, 'Please your vorship,' and then suddenly paused. Macerate— Well, ma'am, and what'is your pleasure ? Mrs. Muggs— Vy, your vorship, it is ? (Here the lady again abruptly paused, and buried her face in quite a theatrical manner, in her handkerchief.) Magistrate— Well, what is it? Let us Mrs. Muggi— Please your vorship, this 'ere nan at the bar is my husband. Mrs. Muggs turned about, and emitted a dis approving glance at 'the nun at the bar/' Magistrate — Very well ; go on. Mrs. Muggs— And he is a mender of old shoes, your vorship. Magistrate— Well, and what about it ? Why don't you proceed ? Mrs. Muggs, (with a deep sigh)— And I mar ried him six months ago. Magistrate— Really, my good woman, if you have any complaint to make to the bench, you must proceed to do it at once, otherwise I shall order you fiom the bar. You have, 1 undcr ctnnri. n flinrrc la tircfer amuiist the nrisoner : pray couic to it without any further circumlocu tion. M re. Muggs— I vill, your vorehip. Veil, as I nm sayin', I married this 'ere man six months Bgo, and— Magistrate— What has your marriage six months ago to do with the present case ? Mrs. Muggs— 1 soon ditkivered, your vorehip, that I had married a— Oh, Sit ! I cannot utter Here Mrs. Muggs held down her head, and appeared to breathe so rapidly as to threaten instant suffocation. And pray madam, whom or what did you marry ? Mrs. Muggs — A-a-a-roET, your vorship. Tile wife of the poetical cobbler pronounced the word ' poet' with a most emphatic groan, as if she had, in her own mind, associated some thing horrible with it. The court was convulsed with laughter, in which the worthy magistrate heartily joined. Magistrate — Hut what bas the circumstance of your husband being a poet to do with the present charge ? Mrs. Muggs— I'll tell you .presently, your him ; und so long as it lasted, lie always spoke to me in pleasant pocliy ; but veil the money was all gone, his poelry became very disagree able. Magistrate— You mean, I suppose, that he scolds and quuircls with you in poetry ? (Laugh ter). Mi's. Muggs — He does both of them 'ere, your vorship; but he docs something more. Magistrate— Aswuitt, you, perhaps? Mrs. Muggs — Yes, your vorship: he beats me, and kicks me about most cruelly, and all the while keeps talking poetry. (Renewed laughter ) Magistrate— But pray do come to the present charge. Mrs. Muggs— I'll tell you all about it. (Laughter.) I again told him I had not a far thing in the house ; on which he took down my best gieen silk bonnet, which was hanging on a nail, and which cost me ten-and-sixpence a fortnight before, and which 1 bought from Mrs.— Magistrate — Never mind what your bonnet cost you, or who you bought it from, but tell us about the assault. Mrs. Muggs — Yes, your vorehip. Veil, as I was a sayin', he took down the bonnet, which was as handsome and fashionable a *un as was ever a-made by any milliner in Lunnun, and which was — Magistrate (with considerable warmth)— Pray do not expatiate any more on the good qualities of the bonnet, but come at once to the assault on yourself. Mrs. Muggs— I beg your vorship's pardon ; but I vas a-comiu' to that 'ere as fast as I could. Veil, ven he took down the bonnet, be dabbed it on the Door, and stamped upon it with his fert, as if he would drive the wcrry life out on't. 'Oh, my new bonnet!' said I; and the vords wos hardly out of my mouth, when he gave another stamp on it with both his feet. 'My teu-and- sixuence bonnet!' said I; and with that he gave it a kick which sout it right up to the ceiling, and down again. (Loud laughter.) I then tried to snatch it up, saying, ' Oh, my green silk bonnet !' on which he again put both his ugly hoofs on it, aud stood with it underneath, just as if it had been a mat to wipe one's feet with. That bonnet, your vorehip, wos von of the best — Magistrate— Really, madam, if you go on this way, 1 must dismiss the case at once. You are speaking only or an assault on your bonnet ; pi ay come to the assault on yourself. Mrs. Muggs (curtseying gracefully)— Veil, I vill, your vorship. As I wat-a- going to say, I tried to get the bonnet from him, and then he began to have a regular dance upon it. I stood a ghost at the sight, your vor— 'Aghast, she means, your honour; but she has no intellect— not a morsel,' growled the coblcr, who had hitherto not only looked sulky but remained silent. Mrs. Muggs resumed— I did, indeed, your voiskip; but lie grinned in my face and spoke poetry. I tried to push him off the bonnet, ven he struck me so wiolcntly on the face, that the blood |»ured in rivers from my nose, and 1 fell down ou the floor. 1 cried out ' Murder '.' and another 'ooman as lodges in the same house called a policeman, who took him into custody. A black eye and a swollen face bore ample testimony to the forcible nature of the blows which Mi*. Muggs had received fiom her poeti cal husband. The policeman said, that when he look the defendant into custody, he also addressed him in poetry. When he asked him, ' Why did you knock this woman down ?' he answered, ' Because she refused me hatf-a-crown.' (Loud laughter.) He then added— ' I'll go to the station house with you, If you'll only wait a minute or two, Till I wash my race and comb my hair, A request which you mutt admit isfyir.' Tlic defendant who was a short, thick-nct, massj-hcaded personage, with a most un poetical cxprcssiou of countenance, evinced, all this while, the utmost impatience to add rets the wor thy magistrate. The latter having apostro phised the poetical cobler with a ' Now, Sii,' ie advanced a step or two further up the bar, and putting both his hands behind his back, looked the presiding magistrate earnestly in the face. Magistrate— Well, Sir, what have you got to siv to this charge ? Mr. Muggs ? I admit that I was somewhat rude. But not until I had reason good : She called me a horrid ugly brute Whichsure enough did put me out ; I then hit Mi's. Muggs two or three blows, As your worship already very well knows. (Loud laughter.) Magistrate— You seem very anxious to be considered poetical. Do you call it poetry to commit an assault of this kind P Mr. Muggi— Do I call it poetry to beat my wife 1 do : the deed with poetry is rife. Magistrate— You do ! will you be so obliging as to tell us Cin ulaiu nrose if you please) what kind of poetry you call it* Mr. Muggs— Most certainly : I'll tell you in a fraction Of time ? I call it, Sir, the poetry of action. At this sally, the office was again convulsed with laughter, iu which the bench heartily joined. Magistrate— (to Mis. Muggs)— Does he al ways speak in this way ? Mrs. Muggs— Not ulways, your vorehip, but he is sure to do so when he has drunk to much, and also occasionally when he is perfectly sober. He is now then seized with fits of speaking poetry as ho calls it. and threatens at times to knock my ' unpoctical soul' out of me. Mis. Muggs, as she made the latter observation, tried to look wise, as if the had said something of surpassing cleverness. Magistrate— (to Mr. Muggs)— I understand you mend shoes. Mr. Muggs— (hesitatingly)— Why— yes— I believe I dooes. (I.oud laughter.) Magistrate — Don't you think you would be much better occupied in attending to your busi ness, than making a fool of yourself by affecting to be a poet. Mr. Muggs— It may be so, Sir, but I don't know it. Magistrate— Well if you persist in making an ass of yourself in this way, you must be per mitted to do so ; but you shall not be allowed to assault your wife. Mr. Mugrpi— I'll not do it again, Sir, upon my life. (Loud laughter.) Magistrate— Vou are sentenced to ? 'Pray,' iilteiruplcd Mrs. Muggs, addressing herself to the worthy magistrate, her heart having relented as she beheld her poetiot hus band looking touuhingly towards her, ' pray, do your honour, let him escape this time ; I'll be bouud he vou't beat me again, nor destroy my bonnet.' Mrs. Muggs looked as well as spoke so im ploringly ou behalf of Mr. Muggs. that even the magisterial nature, proof as it is generally supposed to be against cntua'.ies of the kind, nnuld not withstand the earnest sumilicalions of the cobler's lady. Magistrate— (to Mr. Muggb)— Sir, we shall allow you to get off this once at the request of your wife, but if the offence be repeated we shall deal with you in a very different way. Mr. Muggs— I thank you, Sir, and wish you good dav. (Laughter.) Mr. and Mrs. Muggs then cordially embraced each other as if their mutual affections had been wonderously improved by what had hap pened. ' I'm sure, Dick,'* said Mrs. Muggs, looking up toucliingly iu her husbaud's face, as he clasped his arms around her, ' I'm sure, Dick, you vou't do it no irorc.' To which tender appeal, Mr. Muggs, as Mil ton would have said, answered thus : — ' No Sally, dear, I will not do't again, Never, my ungel . I will refrain, From this time forward, and for aye. Perish my hand, should ever the day Arrive, in which 'twill bit thec a blow ! Oh, Sally, my love ! oh, Sally, oh ! Your kindness has me quite overcome : As I will prove when'er we get home. So let us hence, and leave this place ; I'm thankful we quit it with suck a good grace.' The parlies then retired, with their arms most affectionately cutwincd around each other's neck, amidst peals of laughter from all Useful Custom ? At Munich there prevails a singular custom : — Every child found begging in the streets it arrested and carried to a chari table establishment. 1 he moment he enters the hospital, and before he is cleansed and gets the new clothes intended for him, his portrait is painted in his ragged dress, and precisely as he was found begging. When his education U finished in the hospital, this portrait if Riven him, and he promises by au oath to keep it all his life, in order that he may be reminded of the abject condition from which he had been raised, and of the obligations he owes to the institution which saved him from misery, and gave him the means by which he was enabled to avoid it in future. L» ws. -A man can oulv be subject to laws consented to by him or his real representatives, and previously piomulgatcd und legally applied. The principle of all sovereignty loides in the nation ; and no body, no individuals, can possess any authority which does not ciprcssly emanate from it or its uutboiiscd rcpicsentative. Every rightful Government has for iu sole object the puhlicgood. This object requires that the legis lative, executive, and judicial powers, be dis tinct and definite, and that their organisation ensure the free representation of the citizens, the responsibility of their agents, and the im. partiality of their judges. Heit without Combustion ? On Wedncs. day, January 10, was exhibited at the Jciusa l-m c,ifT.....linnsp in the citv. a new contrivance ror the heating or rooms without the risk «f fire. The heating matter is contained within the compass uf a small hand-urn, which will stand without inconvenience upon a writing or dinllg table in use; and within these dimensions a sufficient quantity of the unknown material may be placed to heat the apartment foi the space of thirty hours The scientific world is com pletely puzzled as to the nature of the substance, or the principle upon which it works. A rat thing an hour is the estimated cost or the heat ing matter, which is incapable or combustion. Of the most feasible conjectures that have been * Richard was Mr. Muggs' Christian name. formed, one is that the gardener who discovered the fuel which enabled him to keep up the die whilst he -lept, must have used old tanner's bark, as it was the only fuel accessible in a hot house. The other it, that charcoal u the base, and lime employed to absorb the carbonic acid gas. Gipsies arc in the practice of using tbc ashes of their fires, raked together in a heap, and sprinkled with lime. This will burn through out the night, and give out much heat, and no deteriorating gas is evolved to distress the sleepers in the gipsy tent. ISIPROTEUEHIB IN BUILDING — UBICK BEAMS. —A new feature has recently been added to our ordinary modts of construction in architecture; this is what has technically been denominated ' the biick beam.' It has been tiied at differ ent times, by various projector!, upon a small scale, and the result gave encouragement to try its poirer of resisting incuoiLent pressure upon a targe scale. For this purpose a flat arch, as it is called, was constructed, under the direc tion of Messrs. Francis and Sons, opposite t' their Roman Cement Manufactory, at Kin Elms, near Vauiliall Bridge, south tide. Tin arch was composed or the experimental bricks l-eam alluded to ; its height from the ground to the soffet was a little more than six feet, and was funned with nineteen courses of bricks, laid, as all the work was, with a fair bed of Roman Cement ; this brick beam whs, for one-third of its height, four inches broader than the other two thirds : in this first and thickest portion were laid eight or nine pieces of new hoop iron, extending the whole length, nearly tivcnty-two feet, and imbedded in I he mason-work interi orly. No other materials were used but good sound grey stock bricks, Roman cement, com bined with about equal portions of*Kand, aud the hoop iron us above ; this ' biick beam' had hcen erected nearly two years nincc, and was quite exposed to the wrather ; and about eight months ago, it being properly dry, was sub jected to sustain a weight of sciap iron, ten tons, fourteen hundred weight, one quarter, and four pounds. Thin enormous weight was placed in a scale which was supported at the coruers by voiy stiong iron chains, and in the ccntic by long iron bolts, descending from a strong timber frame placed as a saddle on the top of the beam exactly central. In the state just described it hod remained ever since the latter end or August without the slightest sway or curvature being obseivable in the level of the soffet. Yesterday, February 14, a final expe riment took place, and a great concourse or li terary and scientific gentlemen assembled to witness this novel sjiecics or Leant, und its ca pabilities for sustaining immense pressure Lot withstanding its hoiizontal form and ordinary materials. About hair-post twelve, the men commenced adding to the weight already stated, iron trams or rails or about three hundred weight, two quarters, twenty-one pounds. At two o'clock, the weight was nineteen tons, still no appearance or departure from the horizontal line; they continued slowly adding the bars until three o'clock, by which time sixty-live had been added to the former weight ; a pause then took place : in a few minutes the centre of the soffet gradually became slightly curved downwards, until it was an inch out of the ho rizontal direction, when the brick beam split clean down and separated about a fuul ul but torn. The piers also bent outwards and were crushed at the ends, but theie was no other fracture, or any appearance of separation in the work ; nor did uny part of the work come to the ground ; the whole weight upon the beam at this moment was twenty-two tons and a half, as nearly us possible. The scientific men pre sent expressed much satisfaction at the result ? Morning Herald. 