POSTHUMOUS PAPERS THE PICKWICK CLUB. The pickwick ans. na CHAPTER XXXIX. as (Continued from our last.) tin It had not escaped Sam's attention that, when this person dismounted, a shabby looking man in a brown great-coat shorn of divers buttons, who had been previously slinking about on the opposite side of the way, crossed over, and remained stationary close by. Having something more than a suspicion of the object of the gentleman's visit, Sam, preceded him to the George and Vulture, and, turning sharp round, planted himself in the centre of the doorway. " Now, my fine fellow' said the man in the rough coat, in an imperious tone, attempting, at the same time, to push his way past. " Now Sir, wot's the matter ?" replied Sam, returning the push with compound interest. " Come none of this, my man ; this won't do with me," said the owner of the rough coat, raising his voice, and turn- ing very white-" fore, Smouch !" " Well, wot's amiss here ?" growled the man in the? brown coat, who had been gradually sneaking up the court during this short dialogue. " Only some insolence of this young man's" said the principal, giving Sam another push. , , " Come none of' this gammon,-' growled Smouch, giving him another, and a larger one. This last push had the effect which it was intended by the experienced Mr. Smouch to produce, for while am, anxious to return the compliment, was grinding that gentleman's body against the doorpost, the principal crept past, and made his way to the bar, whither Sam,, after bandying a few epidemical remarks with the. Smouch, followed at once. " Good morning, my dear," said the principal, addressing the young lady in the bar, with Botany Bay care, and New South Wales gentility ;"" which is Mr. Pickwick's room, my dear?" i " Show him up, ' said the barmaid to a waiter, without deigning another look at the exquisite, in reply to his enquiry. The waiter led the way up stairs as he was desired, and the man in the rough coat, followed, with Sam behind him, who, in his progress up the staircase, indulged in sundry gestures indicative of supreme contempt and defiance, to the unspeakable gratification of the servants and lookers on. Mr. Smouch, who was troubled with a hoarse coughs remained below, and I expectorated in the passage. Mr. Pickwick was fast asleep in bed, when his early visitor, followed by Sam, entered the room. The noise they made in so doing, awoke him. " Shaving water, Sam," said Mr. Pickwick, from within the curtains. " Shave you directly, Mr. Pickwick," said the visitor, drawing one of them back from the beds head. "I've got an execution against you, at the suit of Bardell.- Here's the warrant. Common Pleas -Here's my card. I suppose you'll come over to my house." And giving Mr. Pickwick a friendly tap on the shoulder, the Sheriffs officer for such he was threw his card on the counterpane, and pulled a gold toothpick from his waistcoat pocket. " Namby's the name," and the Sheriff's ' deputy, as Mr. Pickwick took his spectacles from under the pile and put them on, to read the card. " Namby, Bell Alloy, Coleman-street." At this point, Sam Weller, who had had his eyes fixed hitherto on Mr. Namby s shining beavor, interfere! " Are you a Quaker?" said Sam. " I'll let you know who I am, before I've done with you," replied the indignant officer. " I'll teach you manners, my fine fellow, one of these fine mornings." '"Thanked," said Sam. " I'll do the same for you. Take your hat off." With this Mr. Weller, in the most dexterous manner, knocked Mr. Nancy's hat to the other side of the room with such violence, that he had very nearly caused him to swallow the gold toothpick into the bargain. , " Observe this, Mr. Pickwick," said -the disconcerted officer, gasping for breath. as' I've been assaulted in the execution of my dolly by your servant in your chamber. I'm in bodily fear. I call you to witness this." " Don't witness nothin', Sir," inter- posed Sam. " Shut your eyes up tight, wire, and pitch him out of winder, only 'Le couldn't fall far enough, cause of the leads outside." " Sam," said Mr. Jack wick in an angry voice, as his attendant made various demonstrations of hostilities, " if you say another word, or offer the slightest interference with this person, I discharge you that instant." " But, Sir !" said Sam. " Hold your tongue," interposed Mr. Pickwick. " Take that hat up again." But. this, Sum flatly and positively refused to do and, after he had been severely reprimanded by his master, the officer being in a hurry, condescended to pick it up himself, venting a great variety of threats against Sam meanwhile, which that gentleman received with perfect composure, merely observing that if Mr. Namby would have the goodness to put his hat on again, he would knock it into the latter end of next week. Mr. Numby, perhaps thinking that such a process might be productive of inconvenience to himself, declined to offer the temptation, and soon after called up Smouch. Having informed him that the capture was made, and that he was to wait for the prisoner until he should have finished dressing, Namby then swaggered out, and drove away. Smouch requesting Mr. Pickwick, in a surly manner, to be as alive as he could, as it was a busy time, drew up a chair to the door, and sat there till he had finished dressing. Sam was then dispatched for a hackney coach, and in it the triumvirate proceeded to Coleman-street. It was fortunate the distance was short, for Mr Smouch, besides possessing no very en- chanting conversational powers, was ren to ga wl tw Wil pu tin that fe Pi wl and we fr< up tct ba write co pr of str be an voice do in Its ap we are tin tin or tin ra; said the de die dered a deep 'e Hy unpleasant companion in a limited space, by the physical weakness to which we have elsewhere adverted. The coach having turned into a very narrow and dark street, stopped before a house with iron bars to all the windows ; the door posts of which, were graced by the name and title of " Namby, Officer to the Sheriffs of London ;" the inner gate having been opened by a gentleman who might have passed for a neglected twin brother of Mr. Smouch, and who was endowed with a large key for the purpose, Mr. Pickwick was shown into the " coffee-room." This coffee-room was a front parlour, the principal features of which, were of ell sand and stale tobacco smoke. Mr. Pickwick bowed to the three persons who were seat d in it when he entered, and having dispatched Sam for Perker, withdrew into an obscure corner, and from thence looked with some curiosity upon his new companions. One of these was a mere boy of nineteen or twenty, who, though it was yet barely ten o'clock, was drinking gin and water, and smoking a sugar, amusements to which, judging from his inflamed countenance, he had devoted himself pretty constantly for the last year or two of his life. Opposite him, engaged in stirring the fire with the toe of his right boot was a course, vulgar young man of about thirty, with a sallow face and harsh voice ; evidently possessed of that knowledge of the world, and captivating freedom of manner, which is to be acquired in public-house parlours, and at low billiard tables. The third tenant of the apartment was a middle aged man in a very old suit of black, who looked pale and haggard, and paced up and down the room incessantly : stopping now and then to look with great anxiety out of the window as if he expected somebody, and then resuming his walk. "You'd better have the loan of my razor this morning, Mr. Ayresleigh, said he who was stirring the fire, tipping the work to his friend the boy. " Thank you, no, I shan't want it I expect I shall be out, in the course of an hour or so," replied the other in a hurried manner Then Walking again up to the window, and once more returning disappointed, he sighed deeply, and left the room ; upon which the other two burst into a loud laugh. *'. Well, I never saw such a game as that," said the gentleman who had offered the razor, whose name appeared to be Price. " Never !" Mr. Price confirmed the assertion with an oath, and then laughed again, when of course the boy (who thought his companion one of the most dashing fellows alive), laughed also. " You'd hardly think, would you now," said Price, turning towards Mr. Pickwick, " that that chap's been here a week yesterday, and never once shaved himself yet, because he feels so certain he's going out in half an hour's time, that he thinks he may as well put it off' till he gets home ?" " Poor man !" said Mr. Pickwick. " Are his chances of getting out of his difficulties really so great ?" " Chances be did,'' replied Price ; " he hasn't half the ghost of one I wouldn't give that for his chances of walking about the streets this time ten years." With this, Mr. Price snapped his fingers contemptuously, and rang the bell. I " Give me a sheet of paper, Crookey," said Mr. Price to the attendant, who in dress and general appearance looked something between a bankrupt grazier, and a drover in a state of insolvency ; " and a glass of brandy and water, Crookey, d'ye hear ? I'm going to write to my father, and I must have a stimulant, or I shan't be able to pitch it strong enough into the old boy." At this facetious speech, the young boy, it is almost needless to say, was fairly con- vulsed. " That's right, " said Mr. Price. " Never say die. Allfun ain't it 1 " Prime !" said the young gentleman. " You've some spirit about you, you have," said 1 Mr. Price. " You've seen something of life " I rather think I h a !" replied, the boy. He had looked at it through the dirty panes of glass in a bar door. Mr. Pickwick feeling not a little disgusted with this dialogue, as well as with the air and manner of the two beings by whom it had been carried on, was about to inquire whether he could not be accommodated with a private sitting room, when two or three strangers of genteel appearance entered, at sight of whom the boy threw his cigar into the fire, and whispering to Mr. Price, that they had come to " make it all right for him, joined them at a table in the further end of the room. it would appear, however, that matters were not going to be made all right quite so speedily as the young gentleman animals used, for a very long conversation ensued J, of which Mr Pickwick could not avoid heating-certain angry fragments regard Stig dissolute conduct, and repeated forgiveness. At last there were very distinct allusions made by the oldest gentleman of the party to one White cross-street, at which the young gentleman, notwithstanding his patrons) and his spirit, and his knowledge of life into the bargain, reclined his head upon the table and howled dismally. very much satisfied with this sudden bringing down of the youth's valour, and effectual lowering of his tone, Mr. Pickwick rang the bell, and was shown at his own request into a private room furnished with a carpet, table, chairs, sideboard and soft, and ornamented with a looking glass, and various old punts. Here he had the advantage of hearing I'rs. Sundays performance on a square piano over head, while the breakfast was getting ready and when it came Mr. Parker arrived also. " Aha, my dear Sir," said the little man, " nailed at last, eh? Come, come, I'm not sorry for it either, because now you 11 see the absurdity of this conduct. I've noted down the amount of the taxed costs and damages for which the case was is sued, and we had better settle at once and lose no time. Numby is come home by this time, I dare say. What say you, my dear Sir, shall 1 draw a cheque, or will you 1" The little man rubbed his hands with affected cheerfulness as he said this, but glancing at Mr. Pickwick's countenances could not forbear at the same dine casting a desponding look towards Sam Weller. 1 Parker," said Mr. Pickwick, " let me hear no more of this I beg, I see no advantage in staying here, so I shall go to prison to-night." " You can't go to White"rnss-sfreof, my dear Sir," said Parker. " impossible ! There are sixty beds in a ward, and the holt's in, sixteen hours out of the four-and-twenty." " I should rather go to some other place of confinement if I can," said Mr. Pickwick. " If not, I must make the best I can of that" You can go to the Fleet, my dear Sir, if youre determined to go somewhere." said Parker. that'll do," said Mr. Pickwick. "1'llgothere directly I've finished my breakfast." " Stop, stop, my dear Sir ; not the least occasion for being in such a violent hurry to get into a place that most other men are as eager to get out of, ' said the'goot'-'nntured lit" le attorney. We mushroom habeas corpus. There'll he no judge it chambers till four o'clock this afternoon, You must wait till then," " Very good," said Mr. Pickwick, with unmoved patience'. " Then we will have a chop here, at two.' See about it, Sam, and tell them to be punc- tual'- - Mr. Pickwick remaining firm, despite of all the remonstrances and arguments of Mr. Porker, the chops appeared Mid disappeared in due course; he was then put into another hackney coach, and carried off to Chancery Lane 5 after waiting half an hour or so for ever. Numby, who had a select dinner party, and could on no account be disturbed before. There were two judges in attendance at Sergeant's Inn-one King's Bench, and one Common Pleas, and a great deal of business appeared to be transacting before them, if the number of lawyer's clerks who were hurrying in and out with bundles of papers, afforded any rest. When they reached the low archway which forms the entrance to the Inn, Parker was detained a few moments parleying with the coachman is put the fore and the change 4 and Mr Pickwick, stopping to one side to be out of the way of the stream of people that were pour- ing in and out, looked about him with some curiosity. The people that attracted his attention most were three or four men of shabby- genteel appear, once, who touched their huts to many of the utter. neys who passed and seemed to have some business there, the nature of which Mr. Pickwick could not divine. They were curious looking fellows. One was a slim" and rather lame man in rusty black, and a white neckerchief; another was a stout, burly person, dressed in the same apparel, with a great reddish black cloth round his neck ; a third was a little wenzen drunken-looking body with a pimply face. They work loitering about, with their hands behind them, and now and then, with an anxious countenance, whispered something in the our of some of the gentlemen with papers as they hurried by. Mr. Pickwick remembered to have very often observed them lounging under the archway when he had been walking past, and his curiosity was quite excited to know to what branch of the profession these dingy-looking loungers could possibly belong. He was just about to propound the question to Namby, who kept close behind him sucking a large gold ring on his little finger, when Picker bustled up, and observing that there was no time to lose, led the way into the Inn. As Mr. Pickwick followed, the young man stepped up to him, and civilly touching his hat, held out Written curd, which Mr. Pickwick not wishing to hurt the man's feelings by refusing, courteously accepted and deposited in his waistcoat pocket. " Now," said Parker, turning round before he entered one of the offices, to see that his companions were close behind him. " In here, my dear sir. Well, what do unit was' 1" This last question was addressed to the same man, who unobserved by Mr. Pickwick, made one of the party. In reply to it, the lame man touched his hat again with all imaginable politeness, and motioned towards Mr. Pickwick. " No, no," said Parker with a smile. " We don't want you, my dear friend, we don't want you." " I beg your pardon, sir," said the lame man. " The gentleman took my card. I hope you will employ me, sir. The gentleman nodded to me. I'll be judged by the gentleman himself. You nodded to me, sir 1" "Pooh, pooh, nonsense. You didn't need to any body, Pickwick 3 A mistake, a mistake," stud Parker." " The gentleman handed me his card,'" replied Mr. Pickwick, producing it from his waistcoat pocket. " I accepted it as the gentleman seemed to wish it-in fact I had some curiosity to look at it when I should be at leisure. I-'." The little attorney burst into a loud laugh, and returning the card to the lame man, informing him it was all a mistake, whispered to Mr. Pickwick as the man turned away in dudgeon, that he was only a bail. " A what'" exclaimed Mr. Pickwick, ' A bail," replied Parker. " A bail !'' " Yes, my dear sir, half a dozen of 'em her. Bail you to any amount, and only charge half-a-crown Curious trade isn't it" said Porker, regaling himself with a pinch of snuff. " What ! am I to understand that these men earn a livelihood by waiting about here, to perjure themselves before the judges of the land, at the rate of half-a-crown a crime !" exclaimed Mr. Pickwick, quite aghast at he disclosure. " Why, I don't exactly know about the perjury, my dear sir, replied the little gentleman. " Harsh word, my dear sir, very harsh word indeed. It's a legal fiction, my dear sir, nothing more." Saying which, the attorney shrugged I his shoulders, smiled, took a second pinch of snuff, and led the way into the office of the judge's clerk. This was a room of specially dirty appearance, with a very low ceiling and old panelled walls and so badly lighted, th-italthoiighit was broad day outside, great, tallow candles were burning on the desks. At one end was a door leading to the judge's private apartment, round which were congregated a crowd of attornies and managing clerks, who were called in, in the order in which their respective appointments stood upon the file. Every time this door was opened to let a party out, the next party made a violent rush to get in; and as, in addition to the numerous dialogues which passed between the gentlemen who were waiting to see the undue, a variety of personal squabbles ensued between the greater part of those who had seen him, there was as much noise as could well be raised in an apartment of such confined Chuen sims. Nor were the conversations of these gentlemen the only sounds that broke upon the car. Standing on a box behind a wooden bar at another end of the room was a clerk in spectacles, who was taking the affidavits," large batches of which were from time to time carried into the private room by another clerk for the judge's signature. There were a large number of attorneys' clerks to be sworn, and it being a moral impossibility to swear them all at once, the struggles of these gentlemen to reach the clerk in spectacles were like those of a crowd to set in at the pit door of a theatre when His Most Gracious Majesty honours it with his press nee. Another functionary' from time to time exercised his lungs by calling over the names of those who had been sworn, for tho purpose of restoring to them their affidavits after they had been signed by the judge, which gave rise to a few more scuffles and all these things going on at the same time, occasioned as much bustle as the most active and excitable person could desire to behold. There was yet another class of persons those who were waiting to attend summonses their employers had taken out, which it was optional to the attorney on the opposite side to attend or not, and whose business it was from time to time to cry out the opposite attorney's name, to make certain that he was not in attendance without their knowledge. For example-: Leaning against the wall, close behind the sent Mr. Pickwick had taken, was an office lad of fourteen, with a tenor voice, and near him a common-law clerk with a bass one. A clerk hurried in with a bundle of papers, and stared about him. " Sniggle and Blink," cried the tenor. 41 Forkin and Snob," growled the bass. Stumpy and Deacon," said the new comer. Nobody answered and the next man who came in was play ed by the whole three, and lie in his turn shouted for another firm, and then somebody she roared in 11 loud voice for another, and so forth. All this time, the man in the spectacles was hard at work swearing the clerks ; the oath being invariably administered without any effort at punc- tuation and usually in the following terms : " Take the book in your right hand this is your name and handwriting you swear that the contents of this your affidavit are true so help you God a shilling; you must get change I haven't got it." " Well, Sam," said Mr. Pickwick. " I suppose they are getting the habeas corpus ready." " Yes," said Sam, " and I wish they'd bring out the have his carcase. It's very unpleasant keeping' us waiting' here. - I'd has not half a dozen have his carcasses ready, packed up and all, by this time." What sort of cumbrous and unmanagable machine Sam Weller imagined a writ of habeas corpus to be does not appear, for Parker at that moment walked up, and took Mr. Pickwick away. The usual forms having been gone through the body of Samuel Pickwick was soon afterwards confided to the custody of the plaintiff, to be by him taken to the Warden of the Fleet Prison, and there detained until the amount of the damages and costs in the action of Burdell against Pickwick was fully paid and satisfied, "And that," said Mr. Pickwick, laughing, " will be a very long time, Sam, call another back- never ach. Parker, my dear friend, good bye." I sh 11 go with you, and see you safe there,' said Parker. , ' . "indeed," replied Mr. Pickwick, " I would rather go without any other ottoudtmt than Some As soon as I get settled, I will write and let you know, and I shall expect you immediately. On til then, goodbye," As Mr. Pickwick said this, he got into the coach which had by this time arrived, followed by the tipstufT. Sam having stationed himself on the box, it rolled away. '" A most extraordinary man that," said Parker, as he stopped to pull on his gloves. " What a bankrupt he'd make, Sir," observed Mr. Lowden, who was standing near, "how he would bother the commissioners! He'd got 'em at defiance if they talked of committing him, Sir.' The attorney did not appear very much delighted with his clerk's professional estimate of Mr. Pick- wick's character, for he walked away without deigning any reply, If he hackney coach jolted along Fleet Street, as hackney coaches usually do. The horses " went better," the driver said, when they had got any thing before them, (they must have gone at a most extraordinary pace when there was nothing, and so the vehicle kept board a cart ; when the cart stopped, it stopped, and when the cart went on again, it did the same. y'r. Pickwick sat opposite the tipstaff, and the tipstaff sat with his hat between his knees, whistling a tune, and looking out of the coach window. Time performs wonders, and, by the powerful old gentleman's aid, even a hackney coach jets over half a mile of ground. They stopped at length, and, Mr Pickwick alighted at the gate of the' Fleet. The tipstaff, just looking over his shoulder to see that his charge was- following close at his heels, preceded Mr. Pickwick into the prison; turning to the left, after they had entered, they passed through an open door into a lobby, from which a heavy gate opposite to that by which they had entered, and which was guarded by a stout turnkey with the key in his Ininti, led at once into their, terior of the prison. Here they stopped, while the tipstaff delivered his papers ; and here Mr. Pickwick was apprised that he would remain until he had undergone to ceremony, known to the initiated, as sitting for your portrait." " Sitting for my portrait," said Mr. Pickwick". "" Having your likeness taken, Sir,' replied the stout turnkey. "We're capital hands at likenesses here. Take 'em in no time, and always exact. Walk in, Sir, and make yourself at home' Mr. Pickwick complied with the invitation, and sat himself down, when Mr. Weller, who stationed himself at the back of the chair, whispered that the sitting was merely a other term for undergoing an inspection of the different turnkeys, in order that they might know prisoners from visitors. Well, Sun," said Mr Pickwick, " then I wish the artists wou d come. This is rather a public place.'" " They won't be long, sir, T des-say," said Sara. " There's a Dutch clock, size' " So I see," observed Mr. Pickwick. " And a bird-cage, sir,' said Sam. " Veels within feels, a prison within a prison. Am t it, sir 1 As Mr. Weller made this philosophical remark, Mr. Pickwick was aware that his sitting had commenced. The stout turnkey having been relieved from the look, sat down, and looked at him carelessly from time to time, while a long thin man who had received him thrust his hands beneath his coat tails, and planting himself opposite, took a good long view of him. A third rather surly looking gentleman, who had apparently been disturbed at his tea, for he was disposing of the last remnant of a ents and butter when he came in, stationed himself close to Air. Pickwick and rest- ing his hands on his hips, inspected him narrowly, wilda two others mixed with the group, and studied his features with most intent and thoughtful faces. Air. Pickwick winced good deal under the operation, and appealed to sit very uneasily in his chair ; but he made no remark to anybody while it was being performed nott ven to Sam, who reclined upon the back of the chair, reflecting, partly on the situation of his master, and partly on the great sat- isfaction it would have afforded him to make a fierce -assault upon all the turnkeys there assembled, one after the other, if it were lawful and peaceable so to do. At length, the likeness was completed, and Mr. Pickwick was informed that he might now proceed into the prison. " Where am I to sleep to-night I ' enquired Mr. "Pickwick. " Why I don't rightly know about to-night," replied the stout turnkey. " You'll be hummed on somebody to-morrow, and then you'll be all snug and comfortable. The first night's generally rather arise (led, but you'll be set all squares to-morrow." After some discussion, it was discovered that one of the turnkeys li id to bed to let, which Mr. Pickwick could live for that night, and he gladly agreed to hire it. "If you'll come with me, I'll show it you, at once " said the man. " It ain't a large 'un ; but it's an out and outer to sleep in. '1 his way, Sir." They passed through the inner gate, and descended a short flight of steps. The key was turned after them, and Air. Pickwick found himself for the first time in his life within the walls of a Debtors' Prison. CHAPTER XL. What befel Mr. Pickwick when he got into the Fleet; what Debtors he saw there and how he passed the night. Mr. Tom Roker, the gentleman who had accompanied Mr. Pickwick into the prison, turned sharp round to the right when he got to the bottom of the little flight of steps, and led the way through an iron gate which stood open, and up another short flight of steps, into a long narrow gallery, dirty and low, paved with stone, and very dimly lighted by a window at each remote end. " This' said the gentleman, thrusting his hands into his pockets, and looking carelessly over his shoulder to Mr. Pickwick. " This here is the hall flight." " Oh," replied Mr. Pickwick, looking down a dark and filthy staircase, which appeared to lead to a range of damp and gloomy stone vaults beneath the ground, " and those I suppose, are the little cellars where the prisoners keep their small quantities of coals. Ah! unpleasant places to have to go down to but very convenient, I dare say." " Yes, I shouldn't wonder if they was convenient," replied the gentleman, seeing that a few people live there pretty sir. That's the Fair, that is." " My friend," said Mr. Pickwick, *' you don't really mean to say that human beings live down in those wretched dungeons ?" " Don't I ?" replied Mr. Roker, with indignant astonishment ; to win' shouldn't I.?'? ' " Live live down there !" exclaimed Mr, Pickwick. " Live down there ! yes, and die down there, too, very often !" replied Mr. Ro- ker j " and what of that Who's got to say anything again it? Live down there - yes, and a very good place it is to live in, ain't it?" As Roker turned somewhat fiercely upon Mr. Pickwick in saying this, and moreover muttered, in an excited fashion, certain unpleasant invocations concerning his own eyes, limbs, and circulating fluids, the latter gentleman deemed it advisable nottopursue the discourse any further. Mr. Baker then proceeded to mount another staircase, as dirty as that which led to the place which had just been the subject of discussion, in which ascent he was closely followed by Mr. Pickwick and Sam. " There," said Mr. Roker, pausing for breath, when they reached another gallery of the same dimensions as the one below; "this is the coffee-room flight; the one's above the third, and the one's above that's the top, and the room where you're going to sleep tonight's the wavelets den's room, and this is the way corner him on." Having said all this in a breath, \ Mr. Roker mounted another flight of stairs, with Mr. Pickwick and Sam following at his heels. These staircases received light from sundry windows placed at some little distance above the floor, and looking into a gravelled area bounded by a high brick wall, with iron chevattx-de- frite at the top. This area, it appeared from Mr. Brooker's statement, was the racket ground and it further appeared, on the testimony of the same gentleman, that there was a smaller area in that portion of the prison which was nearest Farringdon street, denominated and called " the Painted Ground," from the fact of its walls having once displayed the sem- Stances of various men of-war in full sail!, and other artificial effects, achieved in bygone times by some imprisoned draughtsman in his leisure hours. Having communicated this piece of information, apparently more for the purpose of discharging his bosom of the important fact, than with any specific view of enlightening Mr. Pickwick, the guide, having strength reached another gallery, led the way into a small passage at the extreme end ; opened a door, and disclosed an apartment of an appearance by no means inviting, containing eight or nine iron bedsteads. " There," said Mr. Roker, holding the door open, and looking triumphantly round at Mr. Pickwick, " There's a room !" Mr. Pickwick's face, betokened such a very trifling portion of satisfaction at his lodging, that VIr Roker looked for a reciprocity of feeling into the countenance of am Weller, who until now, had observe 1 a dignified silence. " There's a room, young man," observed Mr. Roker. " I see it," replied Sam, with a placid nod of the head. " You wouldn't think to find such a room as this, in the Farringdon Hotel, would you ?" said Mr. Roker, with a complacent smile. To this Mr. Weller replied with an easy and unstudied closing of one eye ; which might be considered to mean, either that he would have thought it, or that he would not have thought in, that he had never thought anything at all about it, just as the observer's imagination suggested. Having executed this leaf, and re-opened his eye Mr. Weller proceeded to inquire which was the individual bedstead that Mr. Roker had so flatter- ingly described as an out- and-out to sleep in. " That's it," replied Mr. Roker, point- ing to a very rusty one in a corner. " It would make any one go to sleep, that bedstead would, whether they wanted to or not. I should think," said Sam, eyeing the piece of furniture in question with a look of excessive disgust, " I should think poppies was nothin' to it." " Nothing at all said Mr. Roker. " And I s'pose," said Sam, with a sidelong, glance at his master, as if to see whether there were any symptoms of his determination being shaken by what passed, " I s'pose the other gentlemen as sleeps here, are gen linen." " Nothing but it," said Mr. Roker. One of 'em takes his twelve pints of ale a-day, and never leaves off smoking, even at his meals' " He must be a first-rate," said Sam. " A, 1," replied Mr. Roker. Nothing daunted, even by this intelligence, Mr. Pickwick smilingly announced his determination to test the powers of the narcotic bedstead for that night: and Mr Roker, after informing him that he could retire to rest at whatever hour he thought proper without any further notice of formality, walked off", leaving him standing with. Sam in the gallery. It was getting dark that is to say, a few gas jets were kindled in this place, which was never light, by way of compliment to the evening, which had set in outside. As it was rather warm, some of the tenants of the numerous little rooms which opened into the gallery on either hand, had set their doors ajar. Mr. Pickwick peeped into them as he passed along, with great curiosity and interest. Here, four or five great hulking fellows, just visible through a cloud of tobacco smoke, were engaged in noisy and riotous conversation over half-emptied pots of beer, or playing at all-fours with a very greasy pack of cards. In the adjoining room, some solitary tenant might be seen, poring, by the light of a feeble tallow candle, over a bundle of soiled and tattered papers, yellow with dust and dropping to pieces from age, writing, for the hundredth time, some lengthened statement of his Grievances, for the perusal of some great man whose eyes it would never reach, or whose heart it would never touch In a third, a man, with his wife and a whole crowd of children, might be seen making up a scanty bed on the ground, or upon a few chairs, for the younger ones to pass the night in. And in a fourth, and a fifth, and a sixth, and a seventh, the noise, and the beer, and the tobacco smoke, and the cards, all came over again in greater force than before. In the galleries themselves", and more especially on the staircases, there lingered a great number of people, who came there, some because their rooms were empty and lonesome ; others because their rooms were full and hot and the greater part because they were restless and uncomfortable, and not possessed of the secret of exactly knowing what to do with themselves. There were many classes of people here, from the labouring man in his fustian jacket, to the broken down spendthrift in his shawl dressing gown, most appropriately out at elbows ; but there was the same air about them all-a kind of listless, jail- bird, careless swagger ; a vagabond sh who's-afraid sort of bearing, which is whol y indescribable in words ; but which any man can understand in one moment if he wishes, by just setting foot in the nearest debtors' ison, and looking at the very first group of people he sees there, with the same interest as Mr. Pickwick did. " It strikes me, Sam," said Mr. Pick church, leaning over the iron rail at the Pli w stair head, "It strikes me, Sam, that I imprisonment for debt is scarcely any! punishment at all." 'Think not, Sir?" inquired Mr. Weller. 2\. You see how these fellows drink, and smoke, and roar," replied Mr. Pickwick. " It's quite impossible that they can mind it much." " Ah, that's just the very thing, Sir," rejoined Some they don't mind if it's a reg'lar holiday to them -all porter and sketches. It's the other runs as get done over with this sort of thing there down- hearted fellers as can't sing away at the beer, nor play skittles neither ; them as would pay if they could, and gets low by being boxed up. I'll tell you wot it is, Sir ; them as is always a thing in public houses it don't damage at all. and them as is always a working' very they can, it damages too much. ' It's weeks,' as my father used to say even his grog won't made half-and-half.-' It's metal, and that's the fault on it." I think you're right, Sam," said Mr. Pickwick, after a few moments' reflection, is quite right." " P'raps, now and then, there's some honest people as likes it," observed Mr. Weller, in a ruminative tone, " but I never heard of one as I can call to mind, 'crept the little ditty faced man in the brown coat, and that was force of habit." " And who was he ?" inquired Mr. Pickwick. " Vy, that's just the very point as nobody never know'd," replied Sam. " But what did he do ?" " Vy he did not many men as has been much better know'd has done in their time, Sir," replied Sam, " he run a match again the constable, and when it." " In other words, I suppose," said Mr. Pickwick, " he got into debt VI " Just that, sir," replied Sam, " and in course of time he come here in conse kegs. It warn't much execution for nine pound nothin', multiplied by five for costs; but how ever here he stopped for seventeen year. If he got any wrinkles in his face, they was stopped up with the dirt, for both the dirty face and the brown coat was just the same at the end of that time as they was at the beginning'. He was a very peaceful in of funding little creature, and was always a bustling' about for somebody, or playin' rackets and never vermin' ; till at last the turnkeys they got quite fond on him, and he was in the lodge every night, a chattering with 'em, and telling' stories, and all that 'ere Van night he was in there as usual, alone with a very old friend of his, as was on the lock, when he says all of a sudden, " I ain't seen the market outside, Bill, he says (Fleet Market was there at that time") 4 I . ain't seen the market outside, Bill, he says, for seven last year.' ' I know you ain't,' says the (turnkey, smoking his pipe. I I should like to see it for a minute, Bill,' he says ' Wery probable,' says the turnkey', sm king his pipe very fierce, and making believe he warn't up to won the little man wanted. ' Bill,' says the little man, more abrupt than afore, ' I've got the fancy in my head. Lettie see the public street once more before I die and if I ain't struck with apoplexy, I'll be back in five minutes by the clock.' And won had become of me if you now struck with apoplexy ?' said the turnkey. ' Vy,' says the little creature, ' whoever found me and bring me home, for I've got my card in my pocket. Bill, he says, I No. 20, Cof I fee- room Flight;' and that was true, sure enough, for even he wanted to make these I quaintance of any new comer, he used to pull out a little limp card with them words on it and nothin' else in consideration of' vich,- he was always called Number Evenly. The turnkey takes a fixed look at him, and at last he says in a solemn manner, 'Twenty,' he says, I'll trust you ; you won't get your old friend into trouble.' ' No, my boy ; I hope I've something' better behind here, says the little man, and as he said it, he hit his little vessel very hard, and then a tear started out on' each eye, which was very extraordinary; for it was supposed as water never touched his face. He shook the turnkey by the hand; out he went-" (Tobo continued) 