WE rejoice unspeakably lo make known the gratifying fact, that the base attempt of tbe regrateing, fore-stalling, poor star via monopolists to get rid of their boards of grain, hoarded at a low price for the purpone of selling at the highest to which they could force the market, has been wholly discomfited 1 It stood only one week, the whole Press having, big-lily to its honor, united in exposing the wicked attempt. The True Colonist of Friday gave the pjor starvers the coup-de.grace! On Saturday they could not find a single buver 1 From asking fitfeen shillings the bushel, they came down to twelve—to eleven—to ten — to nine —to eight ? Yes ! the very same men who only three days before had been talking of purchasing at the first named prices, had the brazen assurance to «'escend step by step to the latter named, at which actually to sell! This is one proof of the uiiappreciable benefits of that mighty engine the Press ! It overthrew in one short week a poweriul plundering conspiracy, the greatest sufferers under which would have been ibose who could the least bfar its oppression—the in~ dustrious labouring classes and the poor. IT is generally understood that Captain Maconochie's • book' nbw in the course of printing here, does not contain one word of the text of his reports—being confined merely to a commentary upon them. If so we apprehend the public will be somewhat disposed to consider the course not quite so candid as was expected. We purpose there, fare forthwith to publish Captain Montagu, and Mr Gregory's commentaries upon Captain Maconochie's papers. We have already given the sum and substance of those papers, with all the most material passages copied entire. Some of our contemporaries have expressed their intention not lo notice tills interesting subject until Captain Ma conochie's book appeared,believing (at least so we understood them)- that it would contain the original reports, iind which coming thus from himself would be undoubtedly au- thentic. If Captain Maconochie declines publishing them, will our contemporaries decline lo express their sentiments upon plans which they have already quite sufficiently and with quite sufficient authenticity before them! THE Distillation Bill was passed on Fri day, the compensation clause having been struck out. Council divided. For ihe Bill. Agaimt. The Col. Secretary The Chief Justice —Col. Treasurer Mr. Mc Lachlan —Chief F. Magistrate Mr. Ashburner —Aitorney Cencral —Collector of Coustoms •—Captain Swauston —Mr. Kerr. Mr. Ashburner then entered upon the minutes, a short but forcible protest against the bill, to the following effect. Because it was in direct variance with every established principle of the British Constitution to put down any lawful occupation in which Englishmen think proper to invest their capital or to devote their indus 2nd.—Because it is in direct variance with every principle of Colonial policy to protect foreign produce at the expence of the Colonial, particularly as there is no proof whatever of the latter, being in.the least more in jurious to health than the former. Srd.—Because although-the introduction of the measure was accompanied with a pledge of giving ample compensation to tho?e whose occupation was to be pi t down by what was confessed to be so strong a measure, yet the bill as it now stands, upon becoming the law of the colony, is without any enactment to that effect. We apprehend the above reasoning of Mr. Ashburner is unanswerable. It is useless complaining against the " Ukases " of the Czar of the Muscovites. There are those who' advise appeal Home"'. The Scots'' colonists well understand the Campbell proverb ** it is afar cry to Lochow There can be no constution of government whatever, worse than that dependant upon a Sultan resident at the farthest possible extremity of the wurld from those whose destinies he hold*, particularly where the Local Legislature is an irresponsible body of his own nomination. We have over and over again repeated, that there would be infinite- ly more liberty—wore security of power and of property, under the absolute role of one responsible uian, be his disposition ever so arhitary, than under such a constitution as that inflicted by Britain upon the people here. We safely venture to assert that had the authority of government been vested solely and alone in Sir John Franklin, exercised upon his own undivided responsibility, he never would have thought even of putting forth such a decree as that which outrivaling the most arbitrary of Moslem firmans, takis from an industrious body of tnen—their business—their property and their vocation, without one word of cnictment that they shall leceive compensation for either! This Act—this ultra-Timour-Tartaric edict, was the child—conceived, produced, nurtured, aud carried to maturity by Mr Gregory. He lias an undoubted right lo take full credit with the Autocrat of Downing-sireet for the whole affair, but highly as it maybe there appreciated, we cannot but be of opinion— and, being so, we fail not to express it, that here, a very difierent appreciation will attach. Anti- colonial in the fullest sense of the word, as is the Act itself, the manner in which Mr. Gregory 'managed' its progress through 4 the house,' wan, we sincerely rrgret to say, wholly devoid of that straitforvvard ingenuousness which we had hoped and expected from that gentleman. The Chief Justice whose whole conduct throughout the affair has oi, the other hand been the very antithesis, manly, open and honorable, told the Council that * as they could not be JUST, they ought not to be UNJUST.' His Honor twitted them with 'the thimble rig'; and if Lord Stanley well applied that, since celebrated expression to Whig trickery, certainly Mr Gregory's course as to this Act is entitled to the fullest measure of credit which that expression can convrv. Yet that gentleman is said to cousider himself a Tory par excellence. Let us take a short retrospect of the course lie adopted on this occasion, and see how far his claim goes to hail with the honorable party. A committee of the Legislative Council cited before them certain persons from whom to obtain information as respects Di-Uillatiou. The object of thei. examination was not only carefully concealed from them, but we will venture to assert that no human being in the colony, least of all the persons examined had the most distant idea that the object that thecoraraitte hadiu view was to prohibit Distillation altogether — lo encourage foreign produce by prohibit, ing that of the colony. Amongst the 'witnesses,' as the persons cited were called were the Distillers themselves, and we sin cerely believe that no page of the proceed ings of ' the Holy Inquisition' in its worst and roost auto de fe day produces a mors Jesuitical course of endeavouring to entrap s witness into self elimination, than the follow ing short specimeu of the manner of questioning exhibits. A Distiller was under examination. He was asked various qnes tions as to the price of the different descrip tion of grain and after having been carried through all the varieties the examination thus preceded. What is the average price you pay for barley throughout the year ? The distiller as accurately as his recollection enabled him gave the information required. What is the average price you pay for wheat ? The distiller answered as before. What do you pay for foreign wheat ? Had the distiller been in tbe babit of purchasing foreign wheat, he would have either been entrapped into an answer criminating himself, or he must have refused to answer the question,, which would have been-equivalent acknowledging the fact. But as he had never pu-chased one grain of foreign wheat his answer was—I know not, 1 never purchased any", Was this the high minded Tory system of proceeding; thus to seek to entrap a man Into giving evidence against himself? We will go further, was it EuglUh ! " Thimble rig" did the Chief Justice* call ? It was indeed 1 and of the very worst sort, as was the whole course of proceeding. The Act, as it was announced in the Gazette as the law-dictates, is not the Act which has passed. The most essential principle so announced—compensation to those who aie to be sacrificed, is withheld. Mr. Gregory after he introduced his Act, admitted it to be a very strong measure, which could only be qualified (Justified he never pretended it could be) by the compensation clause which it contained. In (he course of his detail he proposed a method of ascertaining the amount of compensation, which method the Chief Justice and sereiai other members, all. nevertheless maintaining the compensation principle, objected to. It was the vital principle of the Act, and it was somewhat more than hinted by Mr. Gfogory and hit> supporters, that if that principle was rejected,, the hill itself must fall with it. Itvia&rejectedH; Did Mr. Gregory then adopt the course which the whole Council (the Executive excepted), expected ? Did he then adopt the sUaight forward manly 7\>ry course? No ! He evidently seemed to consider the rejection of the compensation clause as a "God send" ! He proceeded with his bill, (to the evident astonishment of the Chief Justice and of tho«e who thougl t with him, and acted with'him) and instead of proceeding as it. was understood that he would do, withdraw it, and introduce another modelled in a more generally satisfactory mould, in the expectation of which, and in that expectation only,, the opponents of the bill had voted against the compensation clause as it then stood in the bill, he mustered the whole force of the government and passed the bill, divested of that nrreat principle npoii which alone he apologized for its introduction! Was this Tory, or was it 'thimble rig' ? Mr. Gregory may plume himself upon the dexterity with which lie has succeeded in getting his anti-colonial bill passed, freed from the only principle upon which he admitted its introduction could he tolerated—he may consider this extremely alroit, and may say to himself thereon Afihi plaudo,. but he will recollect there is another portion of that Sentence. We have said that the compensation cUuse was rejected obviously because it was considered impossible that Mr. Gregory could press his act without that clause, its' whole, machinery being constructed upon the principle of compensation concomitant with prohibition. The Chief Justice said that the Act, with that machinery, and without concomitant compensation was irjustice!': 1 We will add that it was the very height of injustice ! The Act, as it was passed, is unequalled by any proceeding of any Cadi in Constantinople! If any such• functionary had ventured to oppress the subjects of the Sultan by such, a pioceeding, the sack and the Bosphorus would have been his certain fate. Look at it! The machinery calculaled to work concomitantly with the compensation clause, enacts that from the 31st January, all persons who shult have in their possession, distillery apparatus uf any sort, shall be subject to ruinous penalties, presupposing thai the distillers would have been paid for the- destruction of their property which under the Act MUST, in its rigid necessity take place, aud to meet which rigid necessity the compensation clause was expressly constructed. The deairuotion of the distillers property must take place on the 31st January, without one farthing of compensation awarded by the Act. The distillers must knock to piecee ail their apparatus, destroying property to the value of thousands of pounds,.and the Executive Government of which Mr. Gregory the " manager " of the Act, forms a fact, may, or may not at its pleasure>or in its generosity, as matter of favour, not as matter of right, as caprice or as influence may induce—compjnsate- or it may ruin ! Men thus " unjustly!' despoiled of their property, must humbly in theirdistress ask alms of the government, and their solicitation wonld not inaptly commence with staiiDg, ' you have destoyed our properties to enable you to maintain your own salaries and establishments. We now are compelled to pray relief.* Who will say then that Mr. i Gregory, oughknot, as-the Chief Justice ex- pressed • liis astonishment' that he did n"* withdraw the Act, when the great princp ,e ' upon which it was constructed wan-remove*'' from it ? We mean no persmal offence t° Mr Gregory,for whom we have ihe«inc^rest good will aud esteem personally, but wea*. sert that a more politically dUhonest proceeding than the Act as it now (.lands never came forth from any assembly calling itaelf a Legislature; and we repeat no Cadi in the whole Turkish empire would have ventured' to have so acted i' His head would assuredly, have been the forfeit of his injustice. That- the whole measure from the very first to Ihe very last was nol only *'thimbU •rig'\ but designedly so, there is too miic%. 'reason to apprehend. The Government semiofficial of Friday, the Courier, proceeding in that estimable course, put forth as foul and as false a libel upon the distiller of Hobart Town, (there is but one) as ever disgraced the press. It purports to be bottomed upon the * evidence' as it is called, taken before Mil Gregory's' committer' the names of" the witnesses not appearing. Certain detaiU are given of that evideuce, and here again is another proof of that unfair, th.it unjust course which we deeply-regietr to state k daily involving Sir John Franklin's govern- -ment more and more in mauvaise odour withthe people—alienating from its support,, those wli» would be much lather be its advocatesv and when, as their appears too much probability that soon will be, the course of its semi- official and of those who direct it®.. under-movements, shall have left it lo the naked protection of that semi-ollicial alone— Alas! for its slanding with the people ! The .circumstance to which we now allude is in reference to ' the evidence' as it is called. This has been hitherto a sealed book hermetically closed against all those—even the most deeply interested in its results ;. vet its is open to the Courier who, certainly with a recklessness of public opinion which iu Sir George Arthur s time Dr. Ross would not have dreamed of venturing, put has forth (at least what he states lo be) its whoh detail. There needs no ghost to inform the peopie that he who could not only have access to., the o Hi rial papers closed against the people, but could also, bearing loo the reputatiou of semi-official authority, flaunlingty exhibit them to-the people, the perpetrator of thisbreacli of ordinary official decency, must possess a power greater than we chose to further touch. The Courier however after thus exhibiting his ' open-sesame*, powers, takes advantage of a passage in the True Colonist, upou which, as a surt of text, to pioceed with a series of as we have said, the most foul and false statements which ever disgraced any public journal pretending in the slightest degree to honesty of purpose. We will sl^w wherein are the falsehoods;.firt.t however copying from tbe True Colonist, that journalists vindication of himself. Courier, Nov» 16- In a contemporary journal, however,oj last Friday, we find assertions made of such an extraordinary nature, thai they appear entitled ,to some notice, coming as they do from the soi • dtsant representative of agriculture and borlicultu re of the colony. We shall here introduce the -editor's own words. He affirms, that the agricultural interest..of the colony has derived great advantage and relief from the introduction of foreign ' deleterious, weavel-eaten, stinking Indian lie.it.' Re further insists that the distillers have rendered the greatest service 'to the oealth of the colonists,' by distilling from this deleterious, weavel-eaten, stinking Indian wheat, whereby the grower and consumer have also reaped, bene, <it. Having before us 'so competent an authonty, we take up the subject with a view to stre gthen ourcontem-- porary's- position to make some inquiry, and we find <hat he is perfcctly correct in his information ; the process of dist.llation in tiobart Town /«.(.been carried on exactly in the man- True Colonist, Nov. 9. Tin agricultuiists uf the Brighton district have, through His Honor (he Chief Jsutice, presented a petition against it,which has been met by a motion on the part of Captain Forster for a return of all ihe barley, 'imported' into the colony, very saga— ciously observing, that he had been told that a. great quantity of foreign barley had been used in distilling, which would rebut the argument used by the agriculturists, that the bill would affect their interests by priving them of a market for their grain. What , a Solomon J! ! We can tell him, that the distilleries afforded great relief, not only to the agricultuiists, but also to the health of the colonists, by consuming the deleterious, weaveleaten, stinking Indian wheat, with which the agriculture - destroying policy of the Arthur system caused our market to be inundated,and which would have all been mixed with our good colonial wheat in. flour, poisoning the consamer and injuring the grower, had not thedistilleries taken off a, larje portion of it. But. n*r hs describes. * * ad mining that one-hitf The benefit to theagri- of the grain, used by cultural interest a- distillers was imported, mounts to nothing at do?s not this show that all—it may railitr be by keeping distilleries s-ud that thi;y are great going, a market was allo>ers, for tlie dis'illers ways kept open foi that instead of purchasing much more of the pro good grain uroun here, dufle of the colony, pi e the preference to when it could be spared cheap foreign produce, to the distilleries from yi what ourcoatemjio-- the other sources of taty describes as **de- consumption. Now what must the public think of this truth-despising, hireling hack, *rho could have the contemptible meanness to misquote u^as asserting that tlie agricultural interests lit the colony derived benefit from the introduction of foreign grain—when every ODP who has ever litard us-speak, or read our. printed observations on the subject, mils' well know that we have op every occasion denounced these importations a* having a most ruinous effect, not only on the interests of those immediately connected with agriculture, but on the general prosperity of the colony. The abnve is certainly p^ain enongh. We li»ave the Courier to settle the account w"h the True Colonist, and if he ventures an encounter—oh ! The poor Courier! We pass by then, the above palpably * (hitub/e rig' garbling of words, and proceed to shew the fo»l falsehoods which the Courier puts forth of the Hobart Town distiller. And here it is necessary to recall to the recollection, that upon every occasion when eulogy could be passed in the Council upon that individual, by all the Members of the Committee by whom ' theevidence' was taken, that ?ulogv was parsed in the most unequivocal and direct manner. There is not, said all tie Members of the Committee, the Jupiter tonans 4 ur-uiager * inclusive, the slightest shadow of imputation,, either in any portion of the evidence, or in any other way before 'he Committee or the Council, direct or indirect of any sort or description whatever against that individual. And vet the Courier has the audacity to assert, upon his own authority, (he expressly states, ' that he has himself made enquiry') that he finds ' the process nf distillation to have been, instead oj purchasing good grain here to have given the preference to cheap foreign produce, deleterious, weavel - eaten,, stinking Indian wheat.' We repeat, never was there put .forlh-a more- foul and malicious falsehood. We, as»ert this in the* fullest extent and jueaning, and capacity of those words. Had the slanderer lelt his blander to rest upon his own statement, it would bave been a sufficient bane to have copied it, with the mere notice that it emanated from the Courier. But he goes further. He insinuates that he has the authority of the Committee whom he names, as follow. Mr. Funster, Captain Swanston, Mr. Barnes, Mr. Gregory, and Mr. M'Lachlan.' Now-here we have something tangible—somewhat moie available than the authority of the-semi-oflicial. We believe that in slandering the distiller, he has also slandered each-and all those gentlemen by his insinuation, that his statement has their or either of their authority. They have each and all of them, on the direct contrary, given the very handsomest testimony in the face of the public, in the Council,. in favour of that distiller,.of whom we repeat they.took repeated opportunities of declaring there was not the shadow of imputation of any soil or description whatever, direct or indirect. What then is not the baseness of this vile falsehood, and what must be the journal which could put it fotlh without the shadow-either of provocation or ^ of cause 1 If ever there was an instance of an advocate ruining a cause, that instance is continually recurring in the advocacy of the government by the Courier» Why does it continually bring before the public the falling off,in the revenue!. Why tell the people that whatever may be the extent of the oppression produced by * additional burthens'- to bear that oppression they must make up their minds if the present amount of those 'burthens' should, by any means fall olf. Does not the public mind naturally turn to the preferable alternative—retrenchment in the expenditure? It is with' government as with individuals. If a large landed proprietor was to maintain an i stablishment the expence of which exceeded his -income,he must either oppress his tenantry by raising his rents—borrow—or retrench ! The Courier keeps constantly throwing in the teeth of the people that the government 5s living beyond its income, and that, it will rather.oppress than retrench, for borrow it cannot. Why cannot the Government Printer eat his pudding during the short time he has got to enjov it and say nothing? " Why will it,,by drawing the public attention to tlie weak points in the position of its employer do Ms utmost to create dissatisfaction! . Why is the semi- official theonly portion of tlie whole press which now remains subject to the reproach of personal slandering? But it is not in slander alone lor which that journal now stands pre-eminent,it is accompanied as is generally tlw case by equally palpable ignorance. He talks of the injury done the colon? by substituting colonial spirit for '•pure rnm, brandy, or gin,' calling the former an inferior and adulterated spirit. Had the Courier seen die 'proees-s of distillation' in the rani countties he would have known that it is impossible to conceive greater accumulations of disgusting ingredients than those which form* that process. The "refuse of the sugar boilings, of the trea- ;"cle runnings, anil of the ca.ie itself, collected with every addition of negro filth, compose the inviting amalgam, (if we may take that word from its metallic acceptation^) of rum distillation. We assert without fear of refutation, that no ardent spirit whatever is, or can be of a less deleterious nature than that distilled here, particularly after passing through the process of rectifying. But even supposing for the sake of argument, really contrary to the fact as it, : .s that spirit was distilled from the * India wheal' the malicious invention of the Cornier has conjured into existence,it is well known thatthechymical changes undergone bv the various processes of cleansing, brewing, fermenting, turning into vapour, and returning into fluid, beiDg the combination called distillation, would render the substance produced totally different to that of its original constituency. Thence it is that the vile materials of which we have spoken, produce tlu finest West India rum. So also in the brandy countries, the finest spirit is produced from the most deieteriouslv offensive lees of the wine press. The charge then of the Courier against the Hobart Tuwu distiller upon that head, resolves itself into 'pure unadulterated'—malice. So also another charge. The semi-official says - ' it further appears (insinuating that it so appears to the Committee) that no notice had been taken of ' overproof ' which may be estimated at 30 per rent, and here again the Revenue had been sustained.' Now a more basely malicious slander than this never was put forth. It is false in every way : false because it did not so appear to the Committee, it could uot by possibility have so appeared- -false because never was there one drop of spirit sold by the Hobart Town distiller, that the duty upon the 'overproof' was not calculated by the inspector, charged and paid, to the last farthing! And is uot the government itself injured, and severely too,by such base slanders as these being put forth in its • semi-official'? a journal supported bv the continuance of a most publicly injurious and olteusive monopoly, and which alone should induce it to treat the people if not with decent civility at least without putting forlh accusations equally false, insolent and malicious! 