TilE CAPTAI». Hustings, enjoying the coal sea breeze nail u pint ef Madeira, when tuc entrance of a stranger dis rifled t),e short reverie into which I had füllen. » Waiter," quoth he, as lie walked up tiic room, 11 thc coach sturts ul niue precisely, and, therefore, my Que follow, you must please to give mc notice oí its arrival, for if I should, by any cliancc, be disappointed-beware revenge! Itel I cr you had I mk, und thu strungcr, who hud utlercJ fearful threat with the cool uaemieci lillis Ùcckcloth al thc glass; the swell of J ir being uuguientcd or diminished exactly | ordancc with thc folds and windings of thc :, and terminating in a graceful shake on thc oidinary size, uud apparently between forty fifty years orage. Iiis face was of a copper plcxiun, uud guitiishcd with a pair of exaggerated j 'hiikcn, which, like Iiis redundant head of hair. :cmcd to lui ve sustained sume inj ui y iu un escape rom rcecnt and devouring flames. Tl ie rc was a igncd aridity in both, as of a blighted ftirzc bush, lis eyes had ult thc restless activity of bullets, od Iiis promontory bru chin was sustained hy the eekeluth abovemeotíoned, which meandered round .is neck in un infinite multiplicity of windings, ] ud ut length fell down over his waistcoat with he prodigality of« cataract. While I was thus engaged in examining : trungc being, he approached, and o (Tc red nie null-box with .u-ich courteousness, t«>W a sea bc sume table. Charmin;; view of thc aid he, « splendid prospect- ocean, ocean-no tiling I ike ocean ; what does thc poet say-splendid .oct, Uyron ? What says he of oce-n ? Let me ec-he likens it-to a horse, il ¡.? No-yes-to . ducie, certainly ; says he, « ni lay wy baud upon hey mane'-glorious buLsl, ibul-as though it veré thc mane ufa horse, you perceive-> I'll lay ny hand upon thy name," Herc he attempted 0 describe thc action by clenching one bund upou he table iu a convulsive mutiner, while he natehed an enormous pinch of snuff with thc >lbcr. As 1 was not a Utile amused by this original, I -atber encouraged luau repulsed his ud va aces to K fong^tîwi "he main o impede his progress ; and my eudcavuurs to stem the current of lib discourse were os vain us those of one who should attempt to turn thc course of a camitii-ba.il with a bodkin, or tu blow aguiust (he foils ol' Niagara. " You arc drinking Madeira, I pcrcAlve," bc remarked, .> I shall bc happy to join you, not that 1 drink, much now-a-day*. I lu*ve adjured it luug ugo, ever since my lost duel. You must read un account of it in thc papers-Trigger aud Starks? No? I'll tell juu haw it occi ll wai after dinner at thc mc**, one evening wine had circulated pretty freely, und there great deal of conversation. Lieutenant Si amongst others, was violent-rampant, as I say, in Iiis coiivcualiuu. He was always a ia-ry lillie follow_fiuu fellow, though-but cxti absurd-ignorunt-woefully ignorant. Ile would have it that Virgil was a Lutin poet, and that I Galileo was not a Swede ; and went %o for, upon mjiting lo set him right on ihcsc points, as ia a presumptuous, und ignorant coxcomb, quire, I jw rc ci ve, what 1 did upon this iou? Threw .thc contents of my wine ! glass into his face ; that was ult-I give you my word. »Thc next morning. Major Fireball burst into my roam, und shaking mo hy the shoulder, voci- ferated-» Trigger you must fight. Honor calls.' ? Fight my dear fellow," says I, «tarting up iu bed, fight:' for what, with whom-" No upolugy tu ceived-never un ko apologies iu thc army-com , pelted to fight a mau who could take off a pin's heud at twenty paces." I » Well, Sir, you went out, of course?" "Went out. Sir, of course i and winged him, I Sir-winged linn, by Heaven." " How Captain, then he fired in thc uir ?" "Fired iu thc hair, rather my dear boy, ha'. I ha! shaved off my loft whisker, I assure you , Do you know, there is one thing I never could : avoid doing. I did it in this same business with Storks. I have heard some of our old fighting Colonels und Majors laugh at the notion i but 1 assert. Sir, thal no maw ever fecti a bullet wbiz j zing post him but be bobs, Sir, he bobs. When I I fiisl went into a Held of b.utlc, I stuck .nv head 1 firmly between my shoulders, and I said to myseir ' hung mc if I río bob ; bul 1 could nut help it- no i mau eau help it. You heur a bull spinning putt i you on thc left.-you bob-thus; another conics whiling on thereat-you bob-so ;-must bob I dqieud upon it." I thought this a favourable opportunity or ci pit tating un the Captain's courage, more especi- ally exemplified, 1 thought, in the modesty with which he detailed his exploits, and the frank uvownl he had inadc of bli. hobbing piopcmily. » Courage, my dear follow, courage," bc inter- posed, " is of two ijUulitics, ncgutive and positiv -and af two description*, aninuil and moral. I enjoy both in perfection. Now, 1 tell yuu a cir- cumstance that does not seem, at first «gilt, ta re fleet much credit on my courage-my anima courage : but murk the moral Intrepidity-pro discover thu \tohU bravery-iacuatcrupL of custom. I You must know, Sir, I wai nt one time puyii certain little delicate ntlcnliou* tu a young lady fine giri-nuble ercilure-willi a» pretty a fuu I hundred -a year tis a mau could desire lo tee in uuarterly course uf payment. Well, Slr, tile w.t. uumlier- u hal Ud rival -cuunicuuncvd |(K.k UHlHI-)Ull kllüW tile Kilt Of |WI>..II I . ..I'. In lliu «lean. I ¡mo J wa* i-renümi an im in the right quiirtur^mnik mc-making the post- I office echo with my lighf,' und casting sheep's eyes J out of coif.* head, us the noel says, ha ! ha I Tlu», ! of course, wiugnUUnd wormwood to my rival, hut J uutb.oney and treacle tu inc. Vow, Sir, te point ut once. Wc came to liígh woiÙs, mid v do >ou think he ijitl?" '?J cannot jtossibly say." - ? ? ». Hui guess." of thc bo.uc, with anything lul a light although fantastic toe." "Kicked you '. my dear Sir, but surely-" ..1 l»rc it." interrupted the Captain ;" [ lure it .with heroic fortitude,".rub hing his chin with much ..'lint you demanded satisfaction afterwards, no doiiht ; nothing hut blood could «¡nate-" "Pish! my dear Sir, I sec you know nut hing of the laws of honour. Du you think Í could con- sent lo mtct a uuiit who would bc guilty of kicking a gentleman down Muirs. My dcur Sir. only re- flect_don't you »cc it would be im|xx*ib]e ta pul sucha man upon a level? Don't you see the rather as a philosopher than a hero, he burst ^.Talking of kicking reminds me of u stn ad venturi-hal ha! I shall never forget it. lundlurd of the house where I once lodged iiished apartments, first floor, all that sor thing-was discoursing ono night" of ghosts, uud j expressing a superstitious dread of those mush room I species or mockery-which 1 firmly believe to be thc shadows of the dead rambling about to divert ennui, seeing thal owners have no longer any occa- sion for thrm ; well, Sir, his wife, a wick» d jude, full of spirits, gay as a lark, was pleased lo doubt ly courage in these maller«, whereas, Sir, 1 des- I isc the Illing altogether. I lia ve seen hu n il rc ' f them, of all iinji, cveu since th« wound in i head al Jiudujm-a large assortment of them, I | say, ghost uud ghaslliugs, sprite* mid spcctrci Two or three nights after this, I was awaken* by a little noise. I listened ; ult dark, all still presently the .door openv; in starts a tull figure head blue ns a pill ; in short, u stick of locumoliv starch. I bad my snuU-bux in my hand-can' pinch of snufl'i« the night, aimed i \- - ' * ? ickcd out his cji sprung oul'o ' But, Captain, you ohn thc landlord. Three months before they got him j into decent repair nguiu. Fatal ipecuhtlioi unprofitable schemes: The absurd fellow ed by his wile to thc ci peri m altering his tone to a mournful und deprecating cadence ; wc are subject to a great many annoy nnccs and vexations, of which the great mau of society is unconscious ; and I believe it tu be pretty generally the case with us follows of frolic and wit, who are formed for thc delight or | mankiud ; they wont let tu do as wc plei any means, mid thc consequence is, wc plea body. Now, your poets"-(I shuddered, too,- am or thc tuneful throng!). » ¡ creatures, those poets, they usually sing in I fear-ihosc muses ibo three-tinges.three or poets [ very little away ; und thu bard who sits down i anticipation of a bav leur, egad, hos much iiior cause to cX|>ccl a bailiff. Just su with me. XOM / am coo]>cd up with a most ¡Bíufuuent stipem. My hair-pay docs not su di CC to pay anything a all ; 1 mean that u man on half-puv should bc ci peeled to jsiy hulf: what do you say lo that? 1' tell you, Sir, au expedient or mine-wonderful I sagacity-thc most perfect jKCscnce of mind (scr- imps ever exhibited. I laid long been intruded \ ul-oii by duns : a kind uf [wriodicnl pestilence with which I um afflicted-until, ut length, thc vehc- I meuceof Hie dbordcr settled ¡ti confirmed brace of bailiffs, who h ?Kc my house all day long. -W|»f du I do, ibink I )ou? Thc street door of my- neu-neighbour ii « bright yellow-I steul out in ihc night aud paint il all overa dará green "thc colour or my OWIL, Wim is thc usc of that, you u,k ?-tliis. Sir, this, Thc next morning comes thc hnilifl"- i'foith, Sir, keeps a sharp eye on my neighbour's door, mid actually hi)s his electric paw upon the owner-a bank-clcrk proceeding into the city ; und in spite ol shrieks and asscrvutions bears him away from .hil domestic circle, of which he was so brilliant a segment; while 1 march off to my agent, receive my pay, and statt into thc country without beal of drum." ?' Excellent, indeed, Captain, a most excellent device; but, tell mc-why couldn't you have muile | your escape during thc night, without thc iii »¡ty of the painting process ?" . *? Oh '. my dear friend, it was not conven you know-nut convenient. Dy the by, I mc friend thc bank clerk a short lime ugo." >' Indeed '. what did he say to the trick you had | ' " Nothings-nothing ¡ll thc world ; he merci v told mc never lo 'darken hit doon' ug.iin-ha': ha: hal" " Youl Hy a man uf v nicntul resource«; nothing appen* to daunt or t depress you. You have dipped, come noa-, coe fess it, you have imbibed golden minims of pru deuce uud conduct from thc ancient philosophers?' "Hang the ancient .philosophers;" quoth th Captain, "a hg for the ancient philosophy-every thing I do is un premed ¡tuted ; everything 1 du j thc icsult of ? 'A plain heroic magnitude oí mind,' os thc poet say». 1 don't like those fellows wh study philosophy. I remember u friend of min oucc invited mc lo spend H few days with him i theceuntry. Well, Sir, this pcrsou was a philo. I sopher, * a tnmlrni Vhylugoic iii.' he called himself -believed in thc transmigration or souls, and all that. It was the shooting season. 1 walked one morning with my . gun-brought home pheasant-Alte hird as ever I saw in my day*. A I trcmcudous uproar took place when I entered the hall with tho bird in my fingers. Would you bc-j lieve it?-the fellow insisted upon it that 1 had | brought down his grandmother : phsuw ! don't lei mea word about philosophy after that. Ha: lia: ha: At this moment, lo my great relief-for tho wine he lind drunk was evidently mounting thc Captain's head-thc waiter answered, gave bim to understand that tile coach Was ut thc " Say you so," shouted thc Captain, flinging ihc I remaining wino down his throat, "ihcu I'll go ami I besiege the roof of it forthwith. Coud night, my dear fellow," seizing mu by the hand, " com« and sec me in.London ¡ Captain Trigger-one of thc best.fellows in thc world-Artichoke, Covent" garden ; a glorious knut uf us meet there ©'nights -don't forget." And away went thc Captain, leaving mc to thc vainly uttered wish, that my pen- and-ink jwwers of outline were, if only for this one occasion, com- parable with thu Luria of Ketsch-so should thc reader bc |>rcsented with thc urcut liing portraiture or one whuso full development might powers of a Juhnsuu ur a Fletcher.-English A few day« since the sou' of n man nu Donelly, a Unman Catholic, in th« employment of Mr. Aiehibald Sly, died, and was interred at Clonegat, in this county Ko sooner hud the in- terment taken place Alum a priest of a neighbour- ing parish proceeded'to tho spot, accompanied hy a budy or fanulici, and ordered them to disinter' thc body and throw it un thc road, that it should not be laid ¡ii consecrated ground, foi* two reasons -1st, thal tho fother or the (Iterated was in Mr.. Sly's employment ; and, 2d, because Mr. Sly had attended thc funeral.-Carlow Sentinel, Jutö'2S. All thc world owes all thc world mute llmïi all the world ls wurtli, urnl all tho world calhj upon nil the world to pay. Ali thc world, increíble, arc lu reality wot th just as much actual wealth as they were l-cforc all thc world failed_Uosttn Advocate CIUK .t*t> KtTiurr-T.r.. peisoi.i imviiu«, ..ur »?Wrvrd intim i.tlicr, -a ..ii. ..1,1 fri.-ml I hr. XL-1W ¡s di'ud; und I um liol vurpiised I« ln-fir thal lie lifts left very few rjfftt»." " Sm ul all lu bc wondered ul," replied thc other, »uv 1 un- derstand lio had very feiv canto." A SKA Ul1 Lt_An Irishman who served mi board a iiwu-of-war ¡II the caima ty of u waister, wui se- lected hy one ul thu officirn tn haul in a low.linc nf considerable Icu-1li, which was fm in- <>tcr thc < ia (Tru ¡I, After drawing in forty ur llliy Int lum», muscle of hi» urnis severely t» the mW, lie mut- tered lu himself, .. Sure, it's us long a» (»-das aud to-morrow; ¡t's a good week's work i'm uu»- live in the ship. Bad luck to the arm -,r Wg ¡l'lí lave me at last. What : muru uf it yet ! O b, mur- der, thc sea's mighty deep, tu be sine." After was Hule%w\MWl*JiïTcomtf&im;ï of his la- bour, he suddenly stopped short, und addressing thc officer of the wutch, exclaimed, ?> Lind man- ners tonic, Sir, if I don't think some body's cul off thcothcrend of it." 