The 'Heraad' versus Rum. [FROM A CORRESPONDeNT.). To the dismay of the Temperance So ciety, a writer in the Herald of '1 huraday last announces the discovery of whole " seas of Rum" in thl district of the Uip per Hunter. The announcement; though rather in the rigmatnole style, 'is worthy of transcription, as it is amBsing ,.informa tive, anJ superlatively vekalb$ `l.ide: The iverpool Plains' .Rorthies; :ticket-of-leave holders,) occisionally muster before'the Inver mein bench; and, on such odcasions, as if they designed to inanifest the improvement In their morals .produced by their trip beyond the boun. daries, they visit the .district which they ought never to have been suffered to leave, wiith pockets full of money-the proceeds of cattle-stealing, or the gains, perhaps of mutder-which they expend in the purchase -of seas of Rtam, wherein they wallowi until they become maddened with the pre meditation of renewed robberies, raped, and mur ders, which they only seek opportunitied to realise. This is no overwrought liicture. T'he fairoutite pencil of almost all the Tory artists is, the tar-biush, aud they lay it on thick enough in all conscience; but after having disfigured the canvas with the contetl's of their pitch-kettle, and awarte of the questionable shape of their daub; they invariably -ubsteribe it, "this is no overwrought picture. In this case,however, the subscription is perfectly superfluous What flagrant absurdity it would be to start the ghost of a dutibt, as to the faith fulneiss of the picture ? The ticket-of leave holders purchase seaS of runs,;not to drink,.but to wallow in (a new method of seas- oning) -the rum doea hot get ihto the ticket holderg, but they into the rumn, and in irtue of cutaneubs contact, " the pretnedita'itio bf renewed robberies, ruae, and niurdir," entlers it erdry poi-, irnd the wretched patients, in a twinkling; are as ranpan as a legidon of devils bewitched. Now all this is as natural as it is likely, and consequently we are bound to believeit. P. S,.-Since writing the above we have received is communication iron Invermein. which not only confirms the Herald's ac. count, but fhraihesi iadditional intelligence, namely, that no soondt had the Ticket holders emerged fromi the seat df rutri, than, under..the inluence of premeditated robbery; rape, murder and other combue tibles, they swallowed every man jack of them bodily, boots and all, wvithin fifty miles of the place. One man who was foolish enough to gobble a magistrate booted and slurred, has been laid up with a sore throat ever since. Our correspon dent concludes his decount by saying, "'This is no ovrciwrought picture" ; and in fairness, we must say, we believe one account quite as much as the other. [The raillery of our correspondent is. called for by the want of sobriety in the Herald's account of the ticket men it Liverpool Plains. 'Such serious statements are much injured, it founded on truth, by the Herald's grandiloquence. Serious matters like these should.be narrated with candour and moderation of language. We ourselves know, that the state of society among the lower orders at Bathurst and in Argyle, is as debauched and wicked, as the vilest streets of Portsmouth, Yarmouth, Cork, and the haunts of thieves and prostitutes in London, Dublin, and Edinburgh. Sydney and Parramatta are the abodes of purity in comparlison of what isgoing on 150 miles and 200 miles front Sydney.-Eu. Svp. MoN ] 