Origiutai· o rve pon3etttr. TO.THE RIITilT REt; V EEND LORD BISHOP0 1 i La? A,-it:. is, `urreitly re?orted ;thiati your Lr.,sil lihas receutly wijtteti aletteriof tiiu.h straiice, to inir ithiential ? etllt'm:tli wvlho ,lii?lv has rtakeii an active part. ii iat inipreTire rei-. tio0us 'eremony, anijd. tl!atth in illis leittr yout I ordship. has been plehised to stsiC hiim ilr ihe vwoiild repenýt lithe stie ieIl, id fikkeit oitilis dying lelied it is iiquestidoihIy pat tOf your satcred oftil,- as a waltchilliin" iii-,r l'li, O tin youlr fockand~l i inI only strailgre ttair your lordi ,hilt should hl te. ne.;lecited,'.this ilnpiralnit, illy so, oig ; tt.iL you should sih flr o ittany of Iheil to be livinig, in tiotal'iiiuifernrcei to reliion,.whiilet you uakei so iuchi ams, on ihe ther hand I?? supp;ress, ine tewbori;zealand acilvity of a gen-( tiearn whlio has comne ilhus opellv aidi maidlilly forward to esp6toii tllb k?e of re iioin in a iiiand Mhere there: isso muchl deadness to it. May you: iny Lord, repelnit this ,-ac bl f6orei ocomite to al dying hed?, for this my Lord, is tit whit your liet,'enly Mti. kr wo ildi .d ?: i thi. stii Ok min flax," this my L.oid is.iicoissisrtet.iviti t wrlihi; yutr Lordshil Ihas alre adly dnip, that of receiviri in add iess troan ithait ery bdy ( lethodisis) whose faith yiu iuow seem to. sitinaltize as uti w\vorthy of holding fellowship, a;ld c"aniiniom, iri h-- us univornhy, of the couintenance. of* Epis copl;liaiis-- s a. ittllter of the d p, ,t s ,,ilIt event to fill thei mind '.wilthl aniihim, and. horror: ot i. dyii 'lhed; There is howeter one coisolatioy I1ft for the geitlein?l in question, thaliy" tlihe. poweri iveu" your Lordship, (from whence we'- .h ill iot esquire) when ajiostllic hands i.ere Iiill Upiiim you, you citn ponounce to:tis pioor 'eiteiie t,l the aloiolutioni of hiis sini ; I 'sit we niust siupose of' heresy acid sheiisin, from .lichl the Chturchl rays, ' Goo dLord deliver us,' -asinhiw.hici inm these.latter d lays iccordin,, to :your: Lordship's iplplareit! itlerlrpreatiii of it, iConsists iiofi, it iy intg lthe fouttntdationii stone of a theatre, or in diriik iln: bulimpers at a diocesani dlinner, and liviv"i uttieraltce to the oulest' biotiry but ini lyifig the foiunid tlion stone of if Priuisltant .pltice of worship. ,If this mity Lord is to be likeni as.ii 'evidence of the spirit, withi which you liray ,:for the good esiatiesol the Catholic Cli hch,, ald that it maiy pieaise Thee to i'ule aiid goveri c iitv t holt Church u?liersiill in the ..-riht 'vay," we only fear that lhe auiteri ince of ht ilij s mda t1.e feel ,, of the hieart are at variance : t is indeed i piti ul thiin to hear so many of outrClter Cy-usini tlhost Catholic.portiotis of our-Liturgy, who hee every day. by I'he spirit "exhibitel ag;ain i tDissetitets proving the hollowness of their professio . \- And now my Lbrd, stlce I aln on thiis subject, IAmit me to waiir".you, tilt' thet rtini of the Efuiscopal Churclh of thiis col6ty will be chie;fly brought aboiut as ihemruifi of tlie Jewib-h'Chitrcht was by lier Clergy ;'th tuil neti.h c?.iome whll i her laiy mnust speak out atifl declariie their optiouiis frireely, ??iethier you wvili bear or not, espec ially iwheti they so.cle.ily see the ithreatened deria dlation of that Church, whici tlley are so, williltr to uihtold. Suffer nle thetn my Lo d to lay before you ~some startling facis,: and the first- is, th:it your own influence is every day on the wane that your coniduct on, thIe one hian is marked with such.ia degree of suiterciliousness; and 'oi ithe other hatuld, with:sucfit - wait tofChristitifi charity to oilier sects, as not o'ilvly lesseit ilie respect due to your statio'i, bt actutilly" to afec. your, piersotal inlfluence; m an ly wlho were your warmest frienids haive growni cold,' anid mailny of the sincerest .adhereints. to our Church, have growiin dissatisfied. SClothed with humility odwn ito thIe feet, anild. ,irt, about the lps:with the goe grlegile at itai'ity, irei the oil.y priestl' ,'tettteiiis -which .can ret otntlmelid a mtiistry: hI ti e love anti ;itTec. fiut of t people; liie ly holdl, reneieileer, thi ii a.mnitisti, can ,iive upoi, a, peoiel?, "or its ittOt mty Lord, iii the p iageairy of eat i ilily titles, or it, tife tmere iutihrimy rof y? i) iob nior ioiiitei supristitiolus Saci'ediless of your iitre tlit ou tre to tirust (as you must be e aware)i for Influelnce noI the ctaiin of these Iby whi"lic mits rmtiuls were so h long s?,sll. bouid, itas beI?a for, eier dissoled, iid ithe nlore so allow te to .afld, t inis ?coniutinity, ,ihere Troiti ?he ci e aimiiltmlnaliioni of P.roltesltiif sectI:II uchO iftiilh lprtejuadice.ii ch is all powe rful tiat tioone hais heiit' "iiaplriy dispelled JM ty it itot, my Lord, he writieli: aluinist "Oiu ii ith e uture. history of Ilii cblony, that a .illi zeni fur.;,yur oaiirchri Ills led .yo.u to rie.uie antd t;.rkiodle thI?ie alti-: Ipatilies itere ito, my 0ld,: y3our ihifluieitce il.st ibe laid upioni: he;er:!-fouei ation. Ihi iillhny of lftese!,; uponi the zealt and .devr'ie hitess- of your poOlhle to Gocl itid the love uaid :sleeml-m ot nuo lieophle to yourself.~iffer te then to idd tliit 'yolri politicial cnrrer is inot calculated lo prommit. eihir: ihe olte or the other of ,itte objyelts, but: is iclcileied to 'brihg youi oficile a. ielas votii-: self tihto collisoitiv;hilallei.teshtleS of ,me,,, iid. thait ift it thuls iroves hlrttfull to ihe cause ol "Oiur grea;t master .ln ht:eaIven;I you areboutid :to re .But? my Lo, j h d??,Iave net?to address you reslpectlir thie waitchimnil anli sh erds of the flock, uinlder your care; the oflice oot:f airiiterr, is iot only lhe most sacred, but themost rnportaiit, ever elitruisted to tu mapn heps sitsi, I ait office either ofibi, ith e good, or..of ithfiuite evil,, by wihichi eihter truih or hsatl i0odhnmi st lhe proi - gaited, liif eternial or deatti- eterliall, distenst d Most wreclled; inh:eti o coi'??pe blbmniost rtt oSioodi he mil e piriest. iii:ii:hi? >ne?ieince fet <; Ilie fellmst gnaw ofd thiilhun.i wo'r.m' . tad so he iligh, for ite had on fits ialihd .$te blood ofsouls Ithat irvold-not wipe away Ie swo e' inf ithli: of i odand mian to preach: ·, . SIi? in a tr esit s y ? i't ?ir eachi'd limsel .: Ilis propiectes lie woire were from ilfe Loid :- 1 lAnd yet taut lit is for oait.. ,Yes, my. lord, thie heatestdeniunciations :0£ QGcd, are agatiist not nl, e elyamlpo raI ntsi'itjers: but agaiitst il se leachiers; ihi v!oe iof ;voes riteri "igatIst tlhem Amid dthe attostle decl ire, " that if we, or an angel:froln Ieavi,l peaclh any olther goslel, letiini te:accursed .- 'Now my lord, can you ii, the lidour of retirement, so. leinlly lay your halid uponp your'hetrt, atid ilie clhare wilih a free coiscienlce, tlhit hll the litisters ini Ihis colony placed ut leryotir ilnrirdiatejuri: diction, pleach thiI same gosplile ass the ;ipniile Paul.i Strive not my lord i tpdade l1his questio,, fo, at the bar oftGod you must.answer it; indeed I' believe it his , ben.a source of great grief to yourself, as you cat your eye o'er your diocese .iiat t hii? your heart is chteered with the reflec. nIon io the one hit1d, tllht tlhre are more lahIur. ie iiit pir;aise wortliy zeal,; somne prewhii.i C rist and hm. crucified, anrd p;actising the s1intr Hliere ;ire" iieverthelessi some .hefouliilgthe w?a ..er Ir life, a tid u 'it he ere: d 1)011 the al oarof God, it lit hat t'rltitudes utiler tlfeir ministry, are perdihit.g for l.ck of kiotwledme. Beware my Lord! bteware ?iniy I ord, of the cotiequeciaes of such a stale of thriiis sin our church, for those .who t htus corruipt t;thh coenaint :of. Le'i, wil cer. taIutly make` her ie-oite.nii i?ble:a-idý base-before tlie people. Yes,-infidelity and popery on the one hand ,vwili ecitiLhiuhid hi rii iik iiiliir c'nilrtso while-dissent.,-so .:ohtnoxious. to :your.Lordship (hu't which lilis 'pr'oved the spur of life to the church), will oi thlie.otiier .hand, draw awaVl her' piaele evilig the mere formliit behiid,l; for vho my. Lord, wouild feel him~tielli ustified (%ý,lh s-ucl fftl ein ua o ilel s jiteti for hiis. warnin") it i'iiuppor ai uliscrilptrall, lukei~arm miiusitry? No, no, much as we imay, vtiiprate the church, if we are tnot' fed there, we must go elselwhere; trduth ilUlti he t eonily thing estim.able ii the tihe sglit 'of hClshiiiains, aild to the possession of this, e.ery ot?!erl feeliiun, must,. atnd ouhit to. give >way. Ai thrillfe: gt?iel is ;a cotra idietion in tlings my Lord, as,you well kno\, and there lore, "heien mien standi iilp anIl pireacih about. their cl;i 'ims t - ilpSioiic succession when tlhey :lnai itifv their office, Iby declaitiin, .iagaint allll ,thir Poitfestanit hboliPS twhei they? alfempli to brit into dJisretiteli othir piersetsioto of Christian, iid nmake tlihse teier piuljpit thlemes s.o tir frin feedii, ithieir flolks ~itli"v the lire ?d o eterial ? Ire ti ey .ot :ov poi Cin:. contem'pt ail dis.ust i t? mii ds of. ii portion of theirhliearer,sanid oi tng strife and enlyins in the hearts of the oilier. £,Tliere .ire two .ways, myLord, in which mi. miisters may. ie ,tiIs teachers; tlfie :one is that of teaching dieet filsehliood. tie othlier is thai of %iupprHssini_ . ( ithfer trn'in ,eor l.ice or fear) a port1ion of the truth; the? oiie? i.oisons the soul thle Oiother starves the soul the oe on reic:lthes a ,i'IleIl sti iti~fit of thle t;iisiel,;aud 'tells cis, thi ,:tiy thlie mystical wasinl'of hapti.inm we are retierttetld 'anid horn' igain; that we iniist live honestiail rn moral lives, .that tlie Church of E1' liuil is like Noahi s ark (a stranie mephiot that Sli cr tr s), out il"whiich, if: we.. 'enilltre, ? e sh;,ll .assuiredly he 'iostl:: that tii+heluireih is theI keplier iad -in:erpireter ,fi'llly \Vrit (a: Co:: piee Ipopish t smlition), ndl ithat we ,nustirsp.ect veierate, and inmliciily bleieve our minisiter.s it nmatters not uhat solt of til n tne ? are,, iand so onh Tlie o:her claiss ler h iapa'oiid Ithese subjets ;illtgether, -ti'l preiich a great ideal,of what is true, hut not hear 4.'ni?ght !heyi seemi to slumble l?, a;iid 'alter, appear lost when they'approaclh-the grand theme of redemp. tioni hrýu Ih Christ, of :sanctitication through the Holy Ghost; tey, seem to cast aside the articles a: 1 liniliIes of the cllrch; when they treat upon jlie utter colrt;lilioin of: inankind, as containing la!ptu;lge ;oo. grods for the refined and sensiti\e ters of the present lm eeration, anld playing for a short, limee as it were, upon a:& pleasant insir- ieirt, atl the very imoment that tlihev 'have raised thie expectations, ta'd .lie hopes of their discern Sli, hearers, who'n ow h\j.in to thIlk the chaff is all- wiinnowed awayt:id-hlie, precious. seed- of the ',.ord comitii ; o ;fid l behold th-y cut short the n;uter, iid selnd tibir flocks empity away. . Such men are neirther dteeply nor spiritually read in the word of, God,inor in th,-ir own hearts, ? .the experience of their fellow men; they .?::'l ? ood t classical sclhol.rs,, inmay wear colle I' Ii0oio urs, .bulit they ire a!ls .rmtic rqualinted witll- ilmt ".idoin ttiwhich comtith from tortnl ," ald Iforget llni•iles they 're ail t-'idhi of God. they mluSt be " blind guides leadiui, the bliiid." WVell my tlirinrfibki(' ddrt-ss ihem in the Iin; utae of thie 1ipoile, " fr; Mieni for ih- time ye oulIki to ite lteadcites, y e hit e nleed that one teieh you, agiint, '' f-ic ti the flisu principles of thle oricle of Godl, atd are become such as Icnt'e need of milk and not strong imeal,: for every one thait uselth milk is unskiifil - in the word of riglteousness, for hie is a babe. . It is evide?lt on the' testimony of the word, of God, tihant thili~vil oi nmeni taking upon t:ihem %elres the. minitueri:l ottice,,without lposs~.Psin, the cquinlyifng gilts aitd rales,ofitheh:oly spirit, is noi of late +hite, fi0n triheIh'n i'ify' varn:i'igs con 'tmined in ihe New Testamen!; fior, " if a:ly min -lkl) eeak let h-olaiint kis t cles Otf Gidl nor halidlingthie :toird of Goii deceitfill3, buit by manifestatidtl of.the truth, coinineiidini otirelhes 1oevery man's conscienice in the .,ilit of God," vli'lic. cer?it.dly, seemns to intrimite .tIhat the ticlhrd' of 'ise (liay vere :iike malyiof thle prmsenitt dt, meniiwho ether lwtlt- on 'raiu phi lo0olplhy iohl unorality, or fichurch forms aud cereinolies; &c.; Slet the people twith the hihle in ltheir hands jtidke fop thIenselve-i uti thi i mtinteF, hkithose of B-'altena, ioivhtim' i ite :aipole pirtachedlto them, "'searcle.l tihe Scrilptlres" to s6ilily I? iniel:es. ' hether theseiitl'?sis were so :or niot," noit even hilin "viiw uhe iii pired apo.tle, a w0o-ker iif mi rit'les, i, uless his isdocltinet couldibe proved by the word of Godt; amd let the peqdge i#Ji9jr find. .tupoid tdeachier." inel t-?}o know h?ti eithr w hat they siy ?;or affirm, withlihohl Iltheir namnes, their ioiey, aind.tlhelr collutelllce, remembering the inlluction !?ol! othy? 1uostl, t ihat they are houi.d IOt eve iito hild suhill persotns "God ,peal,'" and thus will rwe obi u nuiry, faithfil )itd.effi. ic'it , i il l" t n licl the EIliscopi'liail 'Churdh will be ni beter iliti a ~ Ile of Irv, hones. : "SC RUTATO?. 