TUB BLOOMSBTIRV CHRISTENINO. Tfie Author may lie permitted to observe, that this sketch was published spine time before the Farce entitled " The Christening" was first represented. Mr. Nico(\emns Dumps, or, as his ac quaintance called lnin, " long Dumps," was a bachelor, six feet "high, and fitly years old — cross, cadaverous, odd, and ill-natured. He was never happy lint when he was miser able ; and always miserable when lie had the best reason to be happy. The only real comfort of his existence was to make every body about him wretched — then he might be only said to enjoy life. He was afflicted with a situation in the Bank worth five hun dred a- year, and lie rented a " first floor fur nished" at Pentonvillc, which he originally took because it commanded a dismal prospect of an adjacent church yard. Ho was fami liar with the face of every tombstone, and the burial service seemed to excite his strongest sympathy. His friends said he was surly — he insisted he was nervous ; tlicy th inglit him a lucky dog, but he protested that he was the " most unfortunate man in the world." Cold as lie was, and wretched as he declared himself to be, be was not wholly unsusceptible of attachments. He revered the memory of Heyle, as he was himself an admirable and imperturbable wl list-play or, and he chuckled with delight at a fretful and impatient adversary. He adored King Herod for his massacre of the innocents; for if/lie hated one thing more than another, it was a child. However, he could hardly be said to hate anything in particular, because he disliked everything in general ; but perhaps liis greatest antipathtes were cabs, old women, doors that would not shut, musical amateurs, and omnibus cads. He subscribed to the Society for the Sup pression of Vice for the pleasure of putting a stop to any harmless amusements ; and he contributed largely towards the support of two itinerant metliodist parsons, under the amia ble hope that if circumstances rendered many iiappy in this world, they might perchance be rendered miserable by fears for the next. Mr. Dumps had a nephew who had been ivmwiPil nlmnt n-wnr nml wlin WAS SOlllft- — v, J what a favourite with his uncle, because lie was an admirable subject to exercise his powers upon. Mr. Charles Kitterboll was a small, sharp, spare man, with a very large head, and a broad, good-humoured counte nance. He looked like a faded giant, with the head and face partially restored ; and he bad a cast in his eye which rendered it quite impossible for any one with whom lie con versed to know where he was looking. His eyes appeared fixed on the wall, and lie was t staring you out of countenance — in short, there was 110 catching his eye, and perhaps it is a merciful dispensation of Providence that such eyes are not catching. In addi tion to these characteristics, it may he added that Mr. Charles Kitterbell was one of the most credulous and matter-of- fact little per sonages that ever took to himself a wife, and for himself a house in G reat Russell-street, Russell-square. (Uncle Dumps always dropped the " Russell-square," and inserted in lieu thereof, the dreadful words " Tot- tenliam-court-road.") " No, but uncle, pon my life you must — you must promise to be godfather," said Mr. Kitterboll, as he sat in conversation with liis respected relative one morning. " I cannot, indeed I cannot," returned Dumps. "Well, but why not? Jemima will think it very unkind. It's very little trouble." " As to the trouble," rejoined the most unhappy man in existence, " I don't mind that; but my nerves are in that state — I cannot go through the ceremony. Y ou know I don't like going out. For God's sake, Charles' don't fidget with that stool so, you'll drive me mad." Mr. Kitterbell, quite re gardless of his uncle's nerves, had occupied himself for some ten minutes in describing a circle on the floor with one leg of an office- stool on which he was seated, keeping the other three up in the air, and holding fast 011 by the. desk. " I "beg yo.ur pardon, uncle, said Kitter bell, quite abashed, suddenly releasing his hold of the desk, and bringing the three wandering legs hack to the floor, with a force sufficient to drive them through it." " But come, don't refuse. If it's a boy, you know, we must have two godfathers." ' If it's a boy !" said Dumps, " why can't you say at once whether it is a hoy or not?" " I should be very happy to tell you, but it's impossible — I can't undertake to say whether its a girl or boy, if the child isn't born yet." " Not born yet !',' echoed Dumps, with a gleam of hope" lighting up his lugubrious visage ; oh, well, it may be a girl, and then you won't want me, or if it is a boy, it may die before it is christened. ' I hope not,'' said the father that ex pected to be, looking very grave. " I hope not," acqulesed Dumps, evi dently pleased with the subject. He was beginning to get happy, " /hope not, but distressing cases frequently occur during the first two or three days of a child's life; fits, I am told, are exceedingly common, and alarming convulsions are almost matters of course." " Lord, uncle !" ejaculated little Kitter bell,. gasping for breath. " Yes ; my landlady was confined-— let see —last Tuesday : an uncommonly fine boy. On the Thursday night the nurse was sitting with him upon 'her knee before the fire, and and he was as well as possible. Suddenly he became black in the face., and alarmingly spacmodic. The medical man was instantly sent for, and every remedy was tried, hut — " " How frightful 1" interrupted the hor- row-stircken Kitterbell. I "The child died of course. However your child may not die, and if it should be a boy, and should live to be christened, why I suppose I must be one of the spon sors." Dumps was evedentlv good-natured on the faith of his anticipations. "Thank you uncle," said his agitated nephew, graspiug his hand as warmly as if he had done him some essential service. ' Perhaps I had better not tell Mrs K. what you have mentioned. "Why, if she's low spirited, peyhaps you bad better not mention the melancholy case to her/' returned Dumps, who of course had invented the whole story, " though perhaps it would be doing your duty as a husband to prepare her for the worst" A day or two afterwards, as Dumps was perusing , a morning paper at the chop- house which he regularly frequented, the following paragraph met his eve : ' Births. — On Saturday, the 13th inst. in Great Russell -street, the lady of Charles Kitterbell. Esq., of a son. " It is a:bo'y?" he exclaimed, dashing down the paper to the astonishment of the waiters. " It is a hoy!" But he speedily regained his composure as his eye rested on a paragraph" quoting the number of infant ; deaths from the bills of mortality, j Six weeks passed away, and as no com- | implication had been received from the | Kitterbells, Dumps was beginning to flat ter himself that the child was dead, when the following note painfully resolved his doubts : " Great Russell-street. " Monday Morning " Dear Uncle, " You will be delighted to hear that my dear Jemima has left her room, and that your future godson is getting on capitally ; he was very thin at first, but he is getting much larger, and nurse says he is filling out day. He cries a good deal, and is a very very singular colour, which made Jemima and me rather uncomfortable ; b t as nurse says it's natural, and as, of course, we know nothing about these things yet, we are quite satisfied with what nurse says. We think it will be a sharp child ; and nurse says she's sure lie will, because he never goes to sleep. You will readily be lieve that we are all very happy, only we afe a little worn out for want of rest, as liekeeps us awake all the night ; but this we must expect, nurse says, for the first; six or eight months. He has been vacci- nated, Dut m consequence or cue operation; being rather awkwardly performed, some: small particles of glass were introduced into the arm with the matter. Perhaps this may in some degree account for his; being rather fractious ; at least, so nurse says, We propose to have him christened at twelve o'clock on Friday, at St. George's Church, in Hart-.street, by the name of Frederick Charles William. Pray don't be later than a quarter before twelve." We. shall have a very few friends in the evening," when, of course, we shall see you, I am; sorry to say that the boy appears rather restless and uneasy to-day : the cause, I fear, is a fever. ' Believe me dear Uncle, " Yours affectionately, Charles Kitterbell.''; " P.S. — I open this note to say that we have just discovered the cause of little Frederick's restlessness. It is not fever, as I apprehended, but a small pin, which; nurse stuck accidently in his leg yesterday evening. We have have taken it out, and; lie appears more composed, though he still stobs a good deal." It is almost unnecessary to say that the. perusal of the above interesting statement was no great relief to the mind of the hy pochondriacal Dumps. It was impossi-; ble to recede, however, and so he put the best face — that is to say, an uncommonly miserable one — upon the matter ; and pur chased a handsome silver mug for the in fant Kitterbell, upon which he ordered the initials " F. C. W. K„" with the customary untrained grape-vine-looking flourishes, and a large full stop, to be engraved forthwith. Monday was a fine day, Tuesday was. delightful, Wednesday was equal to either, and Thursday was finer than ever ; four successive fine days in London ! Hackney- coachman became revolutionary, and cross ing-sweepers began to doubt the existance. of a First Cause. The Morning Herald in formed its readers that an old woman in Camden Town, had been heard to say, that the fineness of the season was " unprece dented in the memory of the oldest inhab itant;" and Islington clerks, with large families and small salaries, left off their black gaiters, disdained to carry their once green cotton umbrellas, and walked to the town in the conscious pride of white stockings, and cleanly brushed Bluchers. Dumps be held all this with an eye of supreme con tempt— his triumph was at hand, — He knew that if it had been fine for four weeks, in- otead of four days, it would rain when lie went out ; he was lugubrously happy in the conviction that Friday would be a wretched day — and so it was. " I knew how it would be," said Dumps, as he turned round oppo site the Mansion-house at half-past eleven o'clock on the Friday morning. — " I knew how it would be, I am concerned, and that's enough — -and certainly the appearance of the day was sufficient to depress the spirits of a much more buoyant-hearted individual than himself. It had rained, without a mo ments cessation, since eight o'clock ; every body that passed up Cheapside, and down Cheap side, looked wet, cold, and dirty. All sorts of torgotton and long-concealed um brellas had been put into requisition. Cabs whisked about, with the "fare" as care- fuily boxed up behind two glazed calico curtains, as any mysterious picture in any one of Mrs.. RadclifPs castles; omnibus horses smoked like steam engines ; no body thought of " standing up " under door- ways or arches ; they were pain fully convinced, it was a hopeless case ; and so everybody went hastily along, jumbling and jostling, and swearing and perspiring, and slipping about, like amateur skaters behind wooden chairs on the Ser pentine on a frosty Sunday. j Dumps paused ; he could not think of walking, being, rather smart for the christen ing. If he took a cab he was sure to he spilt, and a hackney-coach was too expen sive for his economical ideas. An omnibu was waiting at the opposite corner— it wa a desperate case — he had never heard of an omnibus upsetting or running away, and if the cad did knock him down, he could " pull hint up" in return. Now, sir !" cried the young gentlemen who officiated as cad ' to the lads of the fill age/ which was the name of themachine just noticed. Dumps crossed. "This vay, sir!'' shouted the driver of the " Hark away,'' pulling up this vehicle immediately across the door of the opposition —"This vav, sir — he's full." Dumps hesi tated, whereupon the " lads of the village" commenced pouring out a torrent of abuse against the " Hark away ; but the conductor of the " Admiral Napier" settled the con test in a ; more satisfactory manner for u|l parties, by seizing Dumps round the waist . and thrusting him into the middle of his vehicle, which had just come up, and only wanted the sixteenth inside. " All right," said the " Admiral," and off the thing thundered, like a fire-engine at full gallop, with the kidnapped customer inside, standing in the position of a half doubled-up bootjack, and falling about with every jerk of the machine, first on one side and then on the other, like a " Jack in the green," on May-day, "setting'' to the lady with the brass ladle. ".For God's sake, where am I to set ?" inquired the miserable man of an old gentle men, into whose stomach he had jnst fallen for the fourth time. " Anywhere but on my chest, sir,'' re plied the old gentleman, in a surly tone. " Perhaps the box would suit the gentle man better/' suggested a very damp law yer's clerk, in a pink shirt, and smirking countenance. After a great deal of struggling and fal ling about, Dumps at last managed to squeezes himself into a seat, which, in addi tion to the slight disadvantage of being be tween a window that would not shut, and a door that must be open, placed him in close contact with a passenger, who had beea walking about all the morning without an umbrella, and who looked as if he had spent ihe day in a full water-butt— only wetter. H nnn' 1 lionnc flin /Iaai eA 99 Cfilfl Tltmnc .l/uu i uni> tuu UVUI t r to the conductor, as lie shut it after letting out four passengers; " 1 am very nervous — ; it destroys me." " Did any Gen'l'man say any thing ?" re plied the cad, thrusting in his head, and trying to look as if lie didu't understand the request. " I told you not to bang the door so!" repeated Dumps, with an expression of countenance like the knave of clubs in con vulsions. 'Oh! vy, it's rather a sing'ler circum stance about this here door, that it von't shut without banging," replied the conduc- . tor ; and ha opened the door very wide, and shut it again with a terrific hang, in proof of the assertion. " I beg your pardon, sir," said a little prim, wheezing old gentleman, sitting oppo- si 0 Dump--, " 1 beg your pardon ; but have you ever observed, when you liave been in an omnibus 011. a wet day, that four people out of five always come in with large cotton umbrellas, without a handle at the top, or the brass spike at the bottom. " Why, sir," returnedDumps, as lie heard the clock strike twelve, " it never struck me before ; but now you mention it, I — Hollo !' Hollo !" — shouted the prosecuted individual as the omnibus dashed past Drury-lane, where he had! directed to be set down. — "I think he's on the box, sir," said the young gentleman before noticed in the pink shirt, which looked like a white one ruled with red ink. " I want to be set down I". said Dumps, in a faint voice, overcome by his previous efforts. " I think these cads want to be set down'? returned the attorney's clerk, chuckling at his Sally. " Hollo '/' cried Dumps again. " Hollo !" echoed the passengers : the omnibus passed St. Giles's church. " Hold hard !" said the conductor ; ''I'm b!owed if we hau't forgot the gen'lm'n as vas to be set down at Dobiy-lane. — Now, sir, make haste if you please," he added, opening the door, and assisting Dumps out with as much coolness as if it was "all right." Dumps' indignation was for once getting the better of his cynical equanimity. " Drury-lane !" he gasped with the voice of a boy in a cold bath for the first time. " Doory-lane, sir ? — yes, sir, third turn ing on the right-hand side, sir/' " Dumps' passion was paramonnt : he clutched his umbrella, and was striding off with the firm, determination of not paying the fare. The cad, by a remarkable coin cidence, happened to entertain a directly, contrary opinion, and heaven knows iliow far the altercation would have proceeded, if it had been most ably and satisfactorily brought to a close by the driver. 4 Hollo !" said that respectable person, standing up on the box, snd leaning with one hand on the roof of the omnibus. "Hollo, Tom ! tell the gentleman if so be as be feels aggrieved, we will take him up the Edge-er (Edgeware) road for nothing, and set him down at Doory-lane when he comes back. He can't reject that, anyhow." The argument was irresistible: i)umps paid the disputed sixpence, and in a quarter of an hour was on. the staircase of No, 14, Great Russell-street. Everything indicated that preparations were making for the reception of a "few friends" in the evening. Two dozen extra tumblers, and four ditto wine-glasses — looking anything but transparent, with little bits of straw in them—were on the slab in the. passage, just arrived. There was a great smell of nntmcg, port wine, ; and almonds, on the staircase the covers were taken off the stair-carpet, and the figure of the. "Venus, on the first landing j looked as if she were ashamed of the.com- position-candle in her right hand, which ) contrasted beautifully with, the lamp- ; blacked drapery of the goddess of love, i The female servant (who looked; very warm j jaud bustling) ushered Dumps into a front j drawing-room, very prettily furnished with a plentiful sprinkling of little baskets, pa per table mats, china watchmen, pink and gold albums, and rainbow- bound little books on the different tables. '5 Ah, uncle !' said Mr. Kitterbell, "how d'ye do ? allow me — Jemima, my dear — my uncle — I think you've seen Jemima be fore, sir." " Have had the jrteasure,' returned big Dumps, his tone and looking making it doubtful whether in his life he had ever ex perienced the sensation. " I'm sure," said Mrs. Kitterbell, with a ! languid smile, and a slight cough, " I'm sure — hem — any friend — of Charles's — hein — much less a relation's — is - — " " Knew you'd say so, my love," said little Kitterbell, who, while he appeared to be gazing on the opposite . houses, was looking at his wife with a most affectionate air ; " bless you." The last two words were accompanied with an interesting sim per, and a squeeze of the hand, which stirred up all Uncle Dump's bile, " Jane, tell nurse to \>ring down baby," said Mrs. Kitterbell. addressing the ser vant. Mrs. Kitterbell was a tall, thin young lady, with very light hair, and a particularly white face — one of those young women who almost invariably, though one hardly knows why, recall to one's mind the idea of a cold fillet of veal. Out went the servant, and in came the nurse, with a re markably small parcel, in her arms, packed up in a blue mantle trimmed with white fur. This was the baby. , " Now, uncle," said Mr. Kitterbell, lift ing up that part of the mautle which co vered the infant's face, with an air of great triumph, " Who do you think he's like ?" "He! he!" Yes, who ?' said Mrs. K- . putting hei arm through her husband's, and looking up into Dumps's face with an expression of as much interest as she was capable of displaying, " Good God, how small he is! " cried the ; amiable uncle, starting back with well- feigned surprise ; " remarkably small, in deed." ' " Do you think so ?" inquired poor little Kitterbell, rather alarmed. " tie s a mon ster to what he wis — an't he nurse ?'' " He's a dear,'' said the nurse, squeezing the child, and evading the question— not because she scrupled to deny the fact, but: because she couldn't afford to throw away; the chance of Dumps's half-crown. "/Well, hut who is lie like?'' inquired little Kitterbell. Dumps looked at the little pink heap before him, and only thought at the mo ment of the best mode of mortifying the youthful parents, " I really don't know who he's like," lie answered, very well knowing the reply ex pected of liim. " Don't you think he's like me?" in quired his nephew, with a knowing air. "Oh, decidedly not!" returned Dumps, with an emphasis not to be misunder stood. ' Decidedly not like you. Oh certainly not." " Like Jemima ?" asked Kitterbell, faintly, "Oh dear, no; not in the least. I'm no judge, of course, in such cases ; but I really think he's more like one of those little interesting caived representations that one sometimes sees blowing a trumpet on a tombstone !" The nurse stooped down over the child, and with great difficulty prevented an explosion of mirth. Pa and ma looked almost as miserable as their amiable uncle. "Well!'' said the disappointed little father,' " you'll be better able to tell what he is like by and by, You shall see him this evening with his mantle off/' "Thank you," said Dumps, feeling par ticularly grateful. ' Now, my love," said Kitterbell to his wife, "it's time we were off. We're to meet the other godfather and the godmo ther at the church, uncle, — Mr. and Mrs. Wilson from over the way — uncommonly nice people. My love, are you well wrap ped up ?" "Yes, dear/' . " Are you sure you won't have another shawl ?" inquired, the anxious husband. "No sweet," returned the charming mother, accepting Dumps proffered arm; and the little, party entered the. hackney- coach that was to take them to the church ; Dumps amusing Mrs. Kitterbell by expati- ation largely on the danger of measles, thrush, teeth-cutting, and other interesting diseases to which children are subject. The ceremony (whicli occupied abont five minutes) passed off without anything par ticular occurring. The clergyman had to dine some distance from town, and had got two churchings, three christenings/and a funeral to perform in something less than an hour. The godfathers and godmothers therefore, promised to renounce the devil and all his works — " and all that sort of thing" — as little Kitterbell said — -" in less than no time/' and, with the exception of Dumps nearly letting the child fall into the font when he handed it to the clergyman, the whole afiair went off in the usual busi ness-like and,matter-of-course manner, and Dumps re-entered the Bank-gates at two o'clock with heavy heart, and the painful conviction that he was regularly booked for an evening party. Evening came-and so did Dump's pumps, black silk stockings, and white cravat which he had ordered to be forwarded, per boy, from Pentonville. The depressed godfather dressed himself at the friends counting-house, from whence, with his spirits fifty degrees blow proof,, he sallied forth— as the weather had cleared up, and the evening was tolerably fine — to walk to Great Russell- street. Slowly he paced up Cheapside, Newgate-street, down Siiow- hill, and up. Holburn ditto, looking as grim as the figure-had of a man-of-war, and finding out fresh causes of misery at every step. As he was crossing the corner of Hatton-garden, a man, apparently intoxi cated, rushed against him, and would have knocked him .down had he not been pro videntially caught by a very genteel young man who happened to he close to him at the time. The shock so disarranged Dump's nerves, as well as his dress, that he . could hardly stand. The gentleman took his arm, and in the kindest manner walked ; with him as far as Furnival's Inn. Damps, for about the first time in his life, felt grateful and polite ; and he and the gen tlemanly-looking young man parted with mutual expressions of good will. ' There are at least some well-disposed mep in the world." ruminated the misan thropical Dumps, as he proceeded towards his destination. Rat — tat — ta-ra-ra-ra-ra.rat — knocked a hackney-coachman at Kitterbell's door, in imitation of a gentleman's servant,, just as Dumps reached it and out came an old lady in a large toque, and ah old gentleman in a blue coat, and three female copies of the old lady in pink dresses, and shoes to match. It's a large party/' sighed the unhappy godfather, wiping the prespiration from his forehead, and leaning against the area- railings. It was some time before the miserable man could muster up courage to knock at the door, and when he did, the smart appearance of a neighbouring green grocer (who had been hired to wait for seven and sixpence,- and whose calves alone were worth double tlid money,) the lamp in the passage, and the Venus on the landing, added to the hum of many voices, and the sound of a harp and two violins, painfully convinced him that his surmises were but too well founded. " How are you?' said little Kitterbell, in a greater bustle than ever, bolting out of the little back parlour with a corkscrew in his hand, and various particles of saw dust, looking like so many inverted com mas, on hip expressibles. " Good God !" said Dumps, turning into the aforesaid parlour to put his shoes on which he had brought in his coat-pocket, and still more appalled by the sight of seven fresh drawn corks, and a corresponding number of decanters. " How many people are there up stairs r " Oh, not ahove thirty-five. We've had the carpet taken up in the back drawing- room, and the piano and the card-tables are in the front. Jemima thought we'd better have have a regular sit-down supper, in the front parlour, because of the speechi fying, and all that. But, Lord! uncle, what's the matter? continued the excited little man, as Dumps stood with one shoe on, rummaging his pockets with the most frightful distortion of visage. What have you lost ? Your pocket hook ?" No," returned Dumps, diving first into one pocket and then into the other, and speaking in a voice like Desdemona with the pillow over her mouth. " Your card-case ? snuff-box ? the key of your lodgings?" contiuued Kitterbell, pouring question on question with the. ra pidity of lightning. " No ! no '' ejaculated Dumps, still di ving eagerly into empty pocket. Not— not — the wiw/ you spoke of this morning?" Yes. the mug I' replied Dumps, sink- dg into a chair. " How could you. have done it?" inqui red Kitterbell. " Are you sure you brought it out !" " Yes ! yes ! I see it all/' said Dumps starting up as the idea flashed across his mind ; " miserable dog that I am— I was ; born to suffer. I see it all ; it was the gentlemanly-looking young; man !" ; 'Mr. Dumps!" shouted the greengrocer, in a stentorian voice, as he ushered the somewhat recovered godfather into the drawing-room half an hour after the above; declaration. " Mr. Dumps !" — every body , looked at the door,, and in came Dumps, feelings about as much out of place as a salmon might be supposedto be on a gravel- walk. "Happy to see you,, again/1 said Mrs. Kitterbell, quite unconscious of the unfor tunate mans's confusion and misery; " you n>u3t allow me to introduce you to a few. of our friends.:— my mama, Mr. Dumps — my papa and sisters/ Dumps, seized the hand of tha mother as warmly as if she was his own paren t, bowed-ta the young- la dies, and against a gentleman behind him, took no notice whatever of the father, who had been bowing incessantly for three minutes and a quarter. "Uncle," said little Kitterbell, after Dumps had been introdtceto a select, dozen or two, "you must let me lead you to the other end of the room, to introduce you to my friend Danton. Such a splendid fellow. ! —I'm sure you'll like him— this way."— Dumps followed as tractably as a tame hear. Mr. Danton was a young man of aboat five-and-twenty, with, a considerable, stock of impudence,, and a very small share of ideas : he was a great favourite, especially with young ladies of from sixteen to twenty- six years of age, both inclusive. He could imitate the French-horn to admiration, sang comic songs most inimitably, and' had the most insinuating way of saying imper tinent nothings to his doting female admi rers. He had acquired, somehow or other, the reputation of being a great wit, and ac cordingly, whenever he opened his mouth, everybody who knew him laughed very heartily. The introduction took place in due form. Mr. Danton bowed, and twirled a lady's handkerchief which, he held in his hand, in a most comic way< Everybody smiled " Very warm,'' said Dumps, " feeling it necessary to say something. " Yes. It was . warmer yesterday," re- ; turned the brilliant Mr. Danton. — A general ; laugh. ' " I have great pleasure, in congratulating | you on your first appearance in the character j of a father, sir," ne continued, addressing i Dumps — " godfather, I mean." — The young : ladies were convinced, and the gentlemen in iecstacies" i A- general hum of admiration interrupted the conversation, and announced the entrance of nurse with the baby. An universal rush of the young ladies immediately took place (Girls are always so fond of babies in company.) , " Oh, you dear !" said one. " How sweet !'' cried another, in a low tone of the most enthusiastic admiration. " Heavenly!" added a third. " Oh ! what dear little arms/' said a fourth, holding up an arm and fist about the size and shape of the leg of a fowl, cleaiily picked. " Did you ever/' — said a little coquette with a large hustle, who looked like a French lithograph, appealing to a gentle- niau in three waistcoats — " Did you ever— " "Never in my life," returned her ad mirer, pulling up his collar. Oh ! do let me take it, nurse," cried ano ther young lady. " The love !" " Can it open it's eyes, nurse ?' inquived another, affecting the utmost innocence. — - Suffice it to say, that the single ladies una nimously voted iiiixi an angel, and that the married ones, nern. con. agreed that he Was decidedly the finest baby they had ever be held — except their own. The quadrilles were resumed with great spi rit. Mr. Danton was universally allowed to be beyond himself; several young ladies enchanted the company and gained admirers by singing " We met'' — " I saw her at the Fancy Fair"— " Can I believe Love's Wreath will pain ?" — and other equally sentimental and interesting ballads, " The young men," as Mr. Kitterbell said, " made themselves very agreeable j" the girls did not lose their opportunity ; and the evening promised to go off excellently. Dumps didn't mind it : he had devised a plan for him self — a little bit of fun in his own way — and he was almost happy. He played a rubber and lost every point. Mr. Danton said he could not have lost every point, because he made a point of losing everybody laughed tremendously, Dumps retorted with a better joke, and nobody smiled with the exception of the host, who seemed to consider it his duty to laugh, till he was black in the face, at everything. There was only one drawback— the musicians did not play with quite as much spirit as could have been wished. The cause, however, was satisfactorily explai ned ; for it appeared, on the testimony of a gent leman who had come up from Gravesend in the afternoon, that they had been eneaged on hoard a steamer all day, and had played almost without cessation all the way to Gravesend, and all the way back again. The " sit-down" supper was excellent ; there were barley-sugar temples on the table, which would have looked beautifulifthey had notmelted away when the supper began ; and a water-mill, whose only fault was, that instead of going round, it ran over the table- cloth. Then there were fowls, and tongue, and trifle, and sweets, and lob - ster salad, and potted beef— rand everything. And little Kitterbell kept calling out for clean plates and the clean plates did not come ; and then the gentleman who wanted the plates said they didn't mind( they'd take a lady's ; and then Mrs. Kitterbell applauded their gallantry; and the greengrocer fan about till he , thought his 7s: 6a. was very hardly earned;' and the young ladies didn't much for fear it shouldn't look romantic, and the married ladies eat as much as possible for fear tliey shouldn't have enough.; and a great deal of wine was drunk, and every body talked and laughed considerable. " Hush I hush !" said Mr. Kitterbell; raising and looking very important. "My love (this was addressed to: his wife at the other end of the table), take care of Mrs. Maxwell, and your mamma and the rest of the married ladies ; the gentlemen will persuade the young ladies to fill their glasses, I am sure." " Ladies and gentlemen," said long Dumps, in a very sepulchral v.oice and rueful accent raising from his chair like the ghost in Don Juan, " will yon have the kindness to charge your glasses ? .1 am desirous of proposing a toast." A dead silence ensued, and the glasses were filled — everybody looked serious — " from gay to grave, from lively to severe." " Ladies and gentlemen," slowly continued the ominous Dumps, "I"— Here Mr. Danton imitated two notes from the French-liorn, in a very loud key, which electrified the nervous toast- proposer, and convulsed his audience.). . "Order! order!" said little Kitterbell, endea vouring to suppress his laughter. " Order!" said the gentleman. "Danton, be quiet," said a particular friend on the opposite side of the table. _ . " Ladies" and gentlemen," resumed ihimps, Somewhat recovered, and not much disconcerted, for; he was always a pretty good hand at a speech — " In accordance with what is I believe, the established usage on these occasions I, as one of the godfathers of Master Frederick Charles Wil liam Kitterbell— (here the speaker's voice faltered for he remembered the mug) — venture to rise to propose a toast . I need hardly say that it is the health and prosperity of that young gentleman, in the particular event of whose early days we are met to celebrate — (applause.) Ladies and gen tlemen, it is impossible to suppose that our friends here, whose early life without some trials, con siderable suffering, severe affliction, and heavy losses !" — Here the arch-traitor paused, and slowly drew forth a long white pockethandker- chief— his example was followed by several ladies. " That these trials may be long spared them, is my most earnest prayer, my most fervent wish (a distinct sob from the grandmother.) I hope and trust ladies and gentleman, that the infant whose christening we have this evening met to celebrate, may not be removed from the arms of his parents by premature decay (several cambrics were in requisition) ; that, his young and now, apparently healthy form, may not he wasted by lingering disease. (Here Dumps cast a sardonic glance around, for , a great sensation was mani fest among the married ladies.) You I am sure will concur- with me in wishing that he may live to be a comfort and a blessing to his parents. (Hear, hear !" and' an audible sob from Mr. Kit terbell.) But should he not be what he could wish— should he forget in after ; times, the duty which he owes to them — should they unhappily experience that distracting truth, how sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a. thankless child,"— Here Mrs. Kitterbell, with her handker chief to her eyes, and accompanied by several ladies, rushed from the room, and went "into vio lent hysterics in the passage, leaving her better half in almost as bad: a condition, and a general impression in Dumps' favour;, for people like sentiment, after all: It need hardly be added, that this occurrence ; quite put a stop to the harmony of the evening. : Vinegar, hartshorn, and cold water, were now as ; much in request as negus, rout-cakes, and ion- ! bone had been a short time before. Mrs. Kitter- ; bell was immediately conveyed to hor apartment, the musicians were silenced, flirting ceased; and ! the company slowly, departed. Dumps left the ; house at the commencement of the bustle, and 1 walked home with a . light step, and: for ; him, a cheerful heart. His landlady, who slept j in the next room, ha.s offered to make oath, that :she heard hiin laugh, in his peculiar manner, ; after he had locked his ' door. The asser- j tion however, is so improbable, and bears on the j face of it such strong evidence of untrutli, that it ! has never obtained credence-to -this hour. S — ; Printed and Published ' every Wednesday and' Saturday ! Morning, by tlie Proprietor, WILLIAM JONES, No, 7, Colonnade, Bridge-street)' Sydney, 