S.- .lolonial ýtatiotic t _ MANNERS AND IAI3ITS OF TIIE -ABO ' RIGINES OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA. [The following Account of the Mnniffeis aid Habits of the Aborigines. OlXWestern Australia, taken from The Perlth Gauetle or Western Ans tralian Journal, and founrded on infophiation collected by Mr. F. Armstrong, 'Interpriethr, Will prove, we hope, as interesting to our readers as it is novel in this quarter as a matier ofi Colonial Statistics.] .. .. NONE of the native tribes, with whom the Inter preter has had communication, have any idea ofa God. He has'veqryoften attempted to convey to them the idea of a Supreme Being, the Crea tor of themselves, and of every object of their senses, present every where and at all times,"and above all, constantlv watching ihe actions of :all nien; adding,; that good men, iiin theiri deaths, ascend to Him in the.sky,-but ,that bad men (in stancing thobse who spear. and murder eothers) are, when they die, banishlied from His presence for ever.. Their answeri has generally beien-.' But how will God get us up to him iii the sky ? Will he let.,down.a long rope for us?. What shall we' live upon there? Is- there. 'ilen'y of 'flour there ? Are there earth. and trees there?" Ile has endeavoured to meet this 'difficulty :.by describing the Deity as a being of infinite power, capable of doing any thing that. appeared quite impossible to men. They .have as little idea of a future state of rewards and. punishments as the result" of, their conduct in a prior existence. They, believe'hat the spirits, or " goor-doo-mit," of deceased per sons pass, immediately after deathi, through the .bosom of the sea to some- uj)known and' distant land, which- beconies henceforth (s tliey believed before "their 'intercourse withiir settlers) itheir eternal residence. But in this latter particular the arrival among them of the whites has led to a total change of creed. For they very soon re cogrnised among their new visitors many of their deceased relatives and friends-a delusioil which exists to this day'as strongly as ever. They con fidently recognise several hundreds of the .co lonists by their countenances, voices, -and scars of former wounds.. They are quite positive :that the re-emnbodied spirits . of Yagan, and Heiegan, who was shot along with him, are already re turned in the forms of two soldiers of the 21st Regiment.. The.obstinacy with 'which they per .sist in this conviction;: that the whites are all in .carnations of the spirits of departed ancestors or friends,-is so great, that notwithstanding the great confidence they usually place,in the Interprete-, 'he has never been able to persuade them of the contrary-at. least the old persons; for the young persons begin to have their faith shaken on this point. The name which they invariably: apply to-the whites, when talking of-the latter among themselves, is " Djanga," .or' "the dead.'' They have shown some curiosity,budt' not so much: as mighi have been expected, to know what-sort. of place «"the. land of the died" is.: They have asked the Interpreter to sit-down "and tell thlem the names of such of their relatives-as -he :saw there,; and have often ask'ed after.particular in 'divid'uals-whether thte Initerpreter'knew' him whether he is soon 'coining here, &c.; ' He. has never been 'asked .whether- the state of thie de= parted is one of happiness or. misery. :They have often asked him on what. the spirits live- whether they have. plenty of .flour-.whether the flour we brought with us is (as'they: persist to this day in believing) dug 'out -of the ground there, (they have seen wheat'ground into meal in the colony, but- they will not believe that thi Set tiers have the power, of changing that brown mixture into 'the same wthite flour' as ihe ships bring here,)-what animails, trees, &c.;, there are in that country-whether the country wis t6o: small for us, or: what other, reason brought usi here-and whether we were not evey sorry td leave our friends 'there. They consider the Malays, Lascars,&c.;, whlom they have seen here, to be, equally with the whites, returned spiriis of some of their own ancestors or friends, but* who, from some unaccountable cause, have returned still black, and are regarded by them with evidenit dislike. They attribute the change of complexion,' in the. wihites,, to their ghosts; having passed through so much water in their posthumous trip through the ocean. They consider each settler to be resident on the district of that tribe to which, in- hi§ foinier state 'of exisieince, he belonged. On being asked how they came to spear-tlhe settlers, if they looked on-tliem as ancestors and friends, they have answered, that they consider t!hit, 'ori the. whole, they lhave treated the-settlers well; for that,ifany native strangerhad attempted to 'settle among them in- the same way, they irouild have done-all in theii' iower'to :destroy them. With respect tothe :change thus'wrouglht in tlheir views of a .future. state, many of them now:.look forward to deathl as a positive gain which will enable themito cqme back with guns, ammunition, money, arid provisions.. . They firmly believe in- the 'existen'ce of evil spirits, or agents, and sorcerers. They particular ly dread a malignant spirit;called Meetagong, which prowls about at night and catches hold of them, if they go away by themselves to any dis. tance from the fire where the rest of the party lie, as to fetch water from a well, &c.;, by throwing its arms around them. .The interpreter has met wih several who declare they haveexperienced t!is embrace; but he has never heard, tholugh he has put many questions on-the subject, that any describable injury has been the consequence. Yet they certainly stand in great awe of it. Thley represnt ii to be occa.Sionally visible-~of himnian foru;-of immense size-alid of such prodigious. 'stregilh, as to make resistance iair. :.The light bird, wh i the settlers call cuckoo, n'd the natives-. ggoromit," or' ".woroongul," is retarded by thie latteras the caiuse of all boils and eruptions on: their bodies, which they believe it.to produce by piercingithem .~witl its beak, in the nighfttimne while they are asleep. . :. . The .waugal" is an aiuatic mofster; 'bhobse hal~nt'is supposed to be in deep waters, They describe it as having very long; arms, long tieth? large eyes," aid asseirt it to haviidestroyed many human' beings. 'They give'a conifused aiccoubit of tlhd sha?pe which they imagine ifto :iosesis b~it, from all titey have.saidlto the 'interpreter, tlieir conception a?ppears to be 'o.' a.' craturF ilke an inmense alligatoi. It iihablits mds't deep ?aiers, ailt:or freslh i a!niost every lake or pool is ha.iiited by one or ?more sudch mQousters, It.is quite clear that tney+ o not allude to the shark, for_ which :they have, a different name and::of which they have no superstitious dread j. and :which-, besides, is never seen in the fresh water lakes. There are certain large round stones, ini different parts of the colony, which they believe to be-the eggs laid by:the waugal. On passing such stones, they are in the habit of making a bed for it, of the rushes of the blackboy; but with what pryecise object, has never been ascer tained. :They believe most thoroughly, that certain in dividuals among them possess the power, by magic or enchantment, of healing any severe wounds, pains; or diseases, and also of inflicting, at their pleasure, upon. others any maladies or distempers, of which rheumatism and ulcerous sores are the most common. Those sorcerers are further supposed to have the power of raising or changing the wind,and ofbringi',g pn thunder andlightning, and of conducting the~ thunder to strike tl?eir enemies, But they dm not know whethlerthis power is an acequired faculty or na tural endowment. The ceremonies used by the sorcerers, in exercising their magic powers, are blowiing, snorting,' iinnning about, and making hideous grimaces. ' The act, of: controlling the elements' is called ", Mnr-knl-l e-nuig ';" thait ol' affecting the bodies of their enemies," Boil- yuk;" and the power of faculty of doing so,' " Boilyuk ga-duk.' :Allied'fo this magic p6wer is another, which they attribute to some amongst them, of dooming or devotingo0thers to a 'sdden or violent death. This is' believed to be.effected by,the person.l aving, the power of doom; creeping on his victim "like a snake," and' pressing the vic ting's throat between :his (the magician's) two thumbs or fingers. The'death may not happen for some time, but the spell has not the less' deadly certainty. 'They have several mninori superstitions viz., that, a fire must not be stirred at night witli a poiSpted' stic, o or any spears, (except night-fishing spears), otherwise some young child is sure to die; to burn the blood of a wounded .persoq makes' thersufferer. worse and endangers others; the " Mungite,/' or flower of the honeysuckle or banksia, must not be eaten too sooi :in' the season, otherwise bad weather is sure to ensue ; tile ielatives of i deceased person ikill' not sleep on the place .where his blood was sihedr for inonths afterwards, nor until a victiii has been 'acrificed to appease his shade, but b'vhen that hlas beeniidone the trees abput his grave are marked, in..order to let hini know that he has been avenged; and the same aveinging ceremony takes place;'in all 'cases, whether the deceased died a natural death or not. - They appear, however, to forget that this' intimation to the deceased, of his having been avenged;" must' be thrown away upon him'nccording to another of' their superstitionis, ilrheady mentionied; by which he must then be :on his passage through, or already across,' the sea. In' one case in which the. bddy of a deceased European was opened at Perth'by his medical attendants, and bad weather happened to set in immediately'afterwards'. the change was confi dently attributed .bly the natives to that silgical operation; and they continue to this day, to speak in terms of great'horror of such treatment of the dead.. T-Tere -are certain rianges of hills which they consider very unlucky' to pass over, and that all: who cross them are likely to' die soon. They call the mountain that contains the cavern discovered by Mr. Dale on the bank of the.Avon, the " Mountain of the Moon," because'tliey be lieve that the moon once etitered that cavern, and left the print' of her h~ahd'on its' sides; but they have never used it as 'a tiemple, neither are they known to perform there; or:elsewhere, any. idola trous rite or ceremony.' ' They have sonme wild and fabulous traditions of their ow!i origin. 'They believe their ' earliest 'progenitois to have either sprung from emus, or been brought to this country on the backs of crows, but from whence the legend does not?add. It is invariably, believed that their 'women;:con ceive in consequence of the infant being.conveyed, by some unknown agency, froin "omewhere across :thesea into the mother'sv.womb. When a peison' is in a very deep slumber, 'the, Inter pretor has heard: them say of .him, " Now he is away over the' seal" meaning, as he has collected fronm them,' that his spirit or mind, which had come here .as an" infant, had. gone back to. its own country. A tradition also 'is current among them, that the whole native population of' thiscountry was, in distant ages, confined to the mountains-that the different tribes now occupying the plain between the mountains and the sea are, the des cendants of 'a very' few families, who "migrated imito the' pla;in at a :comparatively' late period; but when asked whether' any rumour had bieen handed down to them of the lplain 'having beei covered with the sea before tlhat migration, they ihave laughed' at it. They assert, too, that the language of the mountain tribes, which. now differs very considerably from that of tihe tribes of the plain, was: at one time, their 'universai tongue, and-that their owr dialect is : derived from the former. It is'a remarkable: fact, :that the mountain dialect is still invariably preferred and used for all purposes of: a public. nature or general interest, such as their formal' public dis cussions of the subjects of'their quarrels between tribe and tribe'anrd their chanted narratives of legends, battles, and hunting matches. They state, as a fact handed down to them from. their ancestors, that Garden Island was formerly united to the main, and that the separation was caused, in sone preternatural manner, by the waugal. . . They have no tradition of any wleiii people having visiied their coxuntry before the establish ment of ihis colony, with thle exceptio ofa Ilboit full of' white men, who once cameup the river, and which was doubtless the party of which His Excellency the present Governor was one, on his first visit'to these shores in,1827. :'Thiy say they were, at first,, exceedingly alarmed' at suich an apparition, particularly as they recognised, (as they imagined,) from the bank, in two"9f the boat party, two individualsiof ainorthern tribe known to be cannibals; whence the elders of tiheir'tribes" concluded thmit the pirty had ariived with the intention of eating them all up. They saw a gun fired'from the'boat, and a-bird drop down dead, 'which ipereased their alarm. Not withstanding, when thle bpat got as high up as somewhere about Mr. Collin's holiose, above the flats, and the white people went on "shore,' the natives ventured to app~roach them, and they say they received presents of handkerchliefs, among other things., Before the arrival of that boat, they had seen' -ljects pass along the. coast, whiclh thiey now know tohave been ships, but which they then thlougiht. to be. nmonsters cominr to devour'them, which' terrified them ..'to such a degree, 'that they represent themselves to laye sat down in despair,,and done notlhing but cry uhtii:the monsters disappeared. : : :. ;. T?The northern natives have told the Swan tribe, that some time :in i the i life-time of':the: priesent generition,:some bmick people, who hmid :no giins bit wer'e "armed with knivei, landed on' the hortl?hern coast, among them'. " i: 'It;is iwell knowiihat there is no'trace of ciitil government't among aily of the tries ttb1' leli tIhe settlers: have y?et come in cpnitact. . There is no supreme .auFibrity, eitlher in .peac&oaei; p i, vested either i?nay jindividuahl, s· c91iefeY Pr patriarch, or in:ainy body ;of..individuals, A family. is the, largest.association that appears: to be actuated: by, common 'motives': and interests. !Th.us, if a man 'of the 'Murray tribe' were -to wounc a man or the swan tribe, the latter wouild collect ll his brobriheis ad a'fhick the Murray .ffehder who would, oni the iliher hand, be :prd tected by all hii biothers, ?vild therFinainder of each tribe'?wduld lo0k poni Witotqit intrfritig. They have never beei heard to speak of such an occurrence as one:.whole iribe .makin?g war. wil another. In any.onpifamily, the blst spearsman, or at least the.boldest ,ruffian, applears .to have the: greatest influence.. both in .council and in retion. ;. The right of praperty is well recognised among them, both as to land and as to 'their moveable effects; but they. are by no means scrupulous in appropriating to their own use any lost property which they happen to find ; in such cases they make no inquiries after the owner, but take some pains to conceal what they have found. They are avowedly proud of a successful theft; a)d a mere attempt to steal is no offence; for if, while endeavouring to thieve, (or commit any aggres .· lI'. sion,) they are initert u ted, and prevented from committing the act, they say they deserve no i punislhment. Of course, the Interpreter has t madea point of impressing on their attention the very different ideas and laws of the settlers o. I tiis head. The only mode of entorciiig their piroprietary rights, in casp of theft, or trespass by hunting;'i"i an appeal to armms; it? which case, lioweve', the thief. oi trespasser stands on an equal. footing, and is not bound to give the aggrieved party . any adva!ntage, ;as, in, certain other eases.; 'TlAe.lnnd appenrs to,be appprtioned to different families, and is not held in common by the tribe.; ,Land ,isfbeyond 'doubt an inheri tablei' properly nmong1thiem, and 'they ibbast of having received it from"their fathers' fuathers;'&c;, to' al miknowni period back. 'All the sons appear't6'tosupedequally to their father's ljiisd. For any ijur :i to the 'person, tl? e.s etrs nrof'e the sole mode' of'redress; there: ii no .trace of any tribunal, evei of the rudest kind,; to wh'ich the 'inju'red catl appear for protection. But if one. native kitl.another, the killer, however great the provocation, must stand up, and, without any offensive resistance, receive the spears of all the "deceased's'relatives,. however numerous, who may choose, to fling at him; ior are the latter restricted tbo:anyl pariicular nimbeir of spears but no rohoe than one relative must fling at a time. It is'said to be?verysieldoir that the offender is'hurt ,utpon such ocicasions. ,`But this 'ordeal nust be pashed; or the offence is snot consiclered ,ixpiated by any length of time'? This' ordeal is called " offering thb'elly,"i.'e.' t6'he spenrs"'r f the avenging parties; But the offender'dpqs not eventhink of offering'himself to undergo this ordeal.until he' hlas heard that some previous revengej has beeni taken on 'some.of his own relatives, orsunless' he himself has been previously wounded. :Without some actual retaliatory bloodshed, this ordeal of the offender is considered to expiation. Marriages are always contracted at a very 'arly age. Th'e father invariably bedthrots his daughter while quite an infant, to some individual of. the same or another tribe, (for tliey do not confine themselves .to intermarrying within the same i tribe, whose wife she is ihenceforth. cposidered; ialthough she Imay, not leave her, parents for years afterwards. They do not often steal their wives. Incest, called "yar-bellee," is not only not com- mon, but is spoken of with open disapprobatioh among them. It is certain that parent and child, brother and sister, uncle and niece, are not al- lowed to intermarry. Polygamy is well known to be general, and is practised without any known limit. SI When the rappointed.liusband chooses to claim possession of'his lbeirothed, lie gives notice of, his intetion to. her relatives. 'The bride, who, on-i these occasions, is .alwpys attended' by her father and, brothers,. awaits ; her. husband's approach, sit ting in.a' disconsolate state, as sh ,well may do, considering the dilerrima that impends over her. When her. husband comes up, he :oidere her to follow him. If she shows any readiness'to obey this :oder, ithe 1bother or father hurls a spear ?at bhei,so as to wound her in the legs; if shesho iws I ny reluctance, the htisbaiid treats her' in the same manner. 'This scener is sometimes repeated on several successive days, until at length, the.bride quietly follows, or ,is -permitted to ;follow w her husband. They are extremely,jealous of any infidelity on the part of their wives with strangers; but do not scruple to admit that they frequently relax their sense of honour in favour of a brother; but seldom it is believed, of any other relative. The greatest number of children wliich ary oine woman has'been known to hlave living is seven or eight; no' instaice' of barrenness has yetl been heard of among thexim. On the death of the hus band, tite' wife is aliways:adopted by some of. the deceased's brothers. :'Infanticide is ibelieved to be.unknown among them, even ias regards female, infants, on which they setsa decidedly.less 'value th.in otithos;of the other sex. If a mother loses aninfitant daugif ter, no notice is taken of'it;' but if a male infant die, however unavoidable 'the event and blkmnel less the mother, she is geneial~y speared or beaten for ,it. A'biother, itoo;, is allowed by the parents to beat anm ill-usp his sister as he pleases,' with impunit·y.'i The women are, speared about .the legs or other;parts not iital) on almostall occasions, on whi~h sany male of the ,tribe- receives aiwound. The brother. or.other relative. bf:the wounded man is.cnsideredi justified .in proceeding to spear. but not nmortally.-thle mother'orsister (but Very seldom ithe ife)' o'fthe wounder, who ' never thinks of'resenting the~ injury, but seems to coni sider it as merely th exe'rcise 6 fai Unquestionable The child becomes itotally' ihndependent of his ftl?eiris authorityassoon as le can provide his owr subsistence; and appears to acquire, by' the mere abilty to ·exercise it, an independent right of hunting:on his father'sigrounds. But ·the ties of pature.appear always to. retain' their influence by urging' parentiand'child-- reciprocally to espouse arid avenge, each oth'~r's qua"rrels and injuries-_ Not the leIast reverence is exacted from childrern tbowards theiri mi.her;: whomthey abtiise and revile on all occ asiois. ' ,inale child .yvry early lbegins td resent:'1hyichastisement :from his mother'. 'A boy:1in defi'eyars old hlias leen kiown to thirow a spear a I'is mother..' There, is no reason to believe that ,hey: ihastei thle deaithis of old per sons~,~however infirm and incappable of :procurinng their own foodi;;on the'Cputrary, they h?ave been seen:.on, several occasi6ns,'to display much.patien~t affection to their: aged: relatives, by transporiing the latter froni place to- place, when 'untble to walk, on tlieir own shoulders.; They have' no re. collection or traidition of any scarcity of fbod--an occutirrence which is kniown to drive some savagei both to infanticide, and .to abandon theiir iifirmn .Their ignoranceof numeration, and of any mode of recording the lase of.time,? makes itimpossible to estimate the average-duration of life among them. . :: Althougli wilhen angry and interchanging abuse withi one another,; they frequently use very obscen: laiigi.ige, still in their general 'conversation find habits thei displtay a much greater' regard ,to di/ c'irtcy'bdth of exprbssion'and' personal demiianou@, thainmight be expected 'fromn beings so lite all:' i a.state'ofn iature. " ' ' MI Age eI 