DARBY AND THE RAM. 'Twas one of those days when the sun in its perpendicular altitude looks at two sides of the hedge at once — a lovely midsummer day — when nature was laughing till her sides acneci, anci motner eartn, m tier gayest mood, was lavishing her promises and her smiles to her often ungrateful chiklen, the lambs were skipping to and fro within their enclosed pas tures, and the cows, with grave and matron aspect, were lolling in the sun, and rumina ting their already gathered repast — every thing seemed happy except the Shepherd Darby. . Poor fellow! A "green and yellow melan choly," had settled on his manly cheek ; his grief he revealed not, hut let " concealment, like a worm i' the bud," prey upon his spirits ; he stalked about the field like a ghost, or leaned upon his crook in silent despair. Lord Amplefield and Squire Buckthorn were riding past to dinner. "I wonder,'' said his lordship to the squire, " What can be the matter with my shepherd Darby. He seems in a galloping consumption, and were I to loose him, I would not see his like again for many a long day. He is the most honest, steady, careful creature in the world, and never told a lie in his life.' " " Never told a lie in his life ! Good heavens ! Why,- my lord, do you really believe such nonsense?" " Decidedly I do. I know your opinion is not very favorable as to the moral character of our dependents, yet there are some among them not unworthy of trust." They now advanced nearer, and his lord ship held up his whip as a signal, and over bounded Darby. " Well, Darby, that shower we had last night served the pastuves." " It did, my lord, aud the cows will give a larger, meal, and require milking earlier this evening through means of it." "Darby, bring over my favorite ram, that this gentleman may see it.'' "Yes, mv lord. Hallo, Sweeper, away for Baldface." In a few minutes the dog hunted the ram up from the flock. " That's a clever turn, my worthy," said the squire, " here's half a crown to drink." "Thanks to your honour," said Darby, " but the worth of that in strong drink will serve me a year, and yet I'll spend it on drink all in one night." "Explain this riddle, Darby.'' " Why, sir, when I feel myself merry enough without it, where's the use in taking it ? That stream can slake ny thirst as well. Yet I'll not speak for others —many a one there are, who must have strong drink to give them false spirits: On them will I spend it to open their hearts, and make them forget their day's toil." " You are a worthy fellow, and a philoso pher,'' said Lord Amplefield, with a look of triumph, as lie aud the squire rode off. " What say you to my shepherd now ?" "A mighty plausible lellow, indeed ! Yet proud as you are of liim, my lord, I bet a score.of sheep that before two days I'll make him tell you a barefaced lie, out and out." " Done ! said his lordship, the wager was laid, and squire set on his lie-making ex pedition. He soon ascertained the cause of Darby's melancholy. There had been a quarrel be tween him and the girl of his heart, the lovely Cauthleen. Pride prevented a reconeilition, though both would have given the world to be in each other's arms. To her the squire bent his step's, succeeded in drawing out the secret that she loved Darby with a heart and a half, and then artfully upbraiding her with unkind- ness in neglecting the " worthy young fellow," who was dying for her, contrived to inveigle lier, by series of falshoods, into a plan to get reconciled to Darby, and while in the height of his happiness, to coax the ram from him. It succeeded next day to ad miration — aud the laughing girl tript home, leading the animal with a kerchief taken from her snowy bosom. Darby was now left to solitary reflection. The hour was rapidly approaching when his lordship usually took his round, and he would infallibly miss his favourite ram — what was to he done ? To tell a LIE appeared to bis honest mind the very essence of degrada tion- — to EQUIVOCATE was meanness execrable — yet an excuse must he had ! A sudden thought seized him— he resolved to show how a lie. would look before he told it ; and planting bis crook in the field, and placing his hat on it, in order to personate himself, lie retired to a little distance, and iu the character of his lordship, hailed the effigy as follows : : . "Good morrow, Darby." " Good morrow, my lord.'' " How are the flocks to- day , Daiby ?" "Pretty fair, my lord.'' " Darby, I don' t see my favourite ram- where is ne ?"' ' ' Oh, my lord, he- he— her— ." " He what Darby ?" " He was dvownd-ed— - my — my lord !" " Darby, if I did not know your general character for carefulness, I should feel ex ceedingly annoyed, but I presume it was an accident. Send the fat and hide up to the castle." "That won't do! murmured Darby, slowly turning away. He resolved to try again. " Good morrow, Darby.' ' "Good morrow, iny lord" " Are the flocks well to-day, Darby ?" " Bravely, my lord.'' " And my ram, Darby, where is he ?" "My lord, he he "Is there any thing wrong? tell me at once." "He was sto— len, my — lord.'' " Stolen ! stolen ! I saw him this morning as I was riding'past ! When was he stolen ?" "That won't do either,'' exclaimed the poor shepherd, as he tui ned a way the second time. '' Cruel, cruel Cauthleen !" . Something seemed to whisper to' him, "Try if perhaps the TRUTH will do.!'! Fresh courage animated his desponding mind, and wheeling about, he recommenced the colloquy, and on coming to his usual inter rogatory, " where's the ram,'' he dropped on his knees, and exclaimed, " Oh, my lord, I had a falling out with my sweetheart, and she would not make it up with me unless I made her a present of your lordship's favourite ram. Discharge me, my lord, do with me what you please, but I could not bring myself to tell your lordship a LIE !" That will do !' shouted Darby, spring ing from his knees, and Walking up and down with a feeling of honest exultation. He had scarcely time to compose himself when his lordship and the squire appeared. .Darby, on the usual interrogation being put, dropped on his knees, and told " the truth -the whole truth, and nothing but the truth ;' and in stead of seeing a frown gathering on his lord ship s countenance, lie beheld him turn with a look of triumph towards the squire, while he exclaimed, " An honest man's the noblest work of God !'' j The ladies are informed, in conclusion, that the squire's forfeited sheep were given to Cauthleen as a dower, and in taking the hand of her shepherd, she promised never again to put his truth and constancy to so severe a trial. 