SMiseellanea. LINCOLNSHILRE GOOSE FARM At ten o'clock, when I arrived on the premises. two hundred ,nd sixty geese had been already barbarously asrassioated out of six hundred, the number on that day doomed to die. The dead birds were all plucked, trussed,.and laid in order, neatly raniged on shelves, wherewith this, the first and outer apartment, was surrounded. The said apartment .communicated by an outer door throueh the bat k yard of the premises by. a series of wicket gates, to the plof ground already referred to, and also by par titiýmns with two other chambers; in one of which the geese were killed, and in the ether stripped of their feathers. In the first of the two latter chambers, three boys were employed. The first boy, by virtue of his office, drove the geese a dozen at a time from the grand depot into a pen parted off into one corner of the apartment, and these, batch by batch, were usually disposed of as quiekly.as he could go to the depot and return.- IThe second boy, though in point of fact he acted the part of a hang man, did nothing more than, taking each goose one by one out of the aforesaid pen, and prepare it for execution. To this end, by a dexterous twist, he ent.ingled together the pinions of the bird behind its back, arid inserted its legs in one of eight nooseslthat hung suspended five feet from the ground against the wall, over a long trough which rested on the floor to catch the b'ood. The third boy's business was simple and san gutinary,-merely that of cutting throats. Of this young matador, though scarcely twelve years old, the trenchant blade had not only pa-sed .-'ross the weasands of all those geese that had alrendy given upi the ghost, but ere the sun had passed his ntei diai, the death cackle of the whole devoted six hundred had soundd in his ears. IJis whole care and atlention was necessarily occupied with the dying; though frequently unawares and in despite of his best efforts, he received a flapping from a gory neck, or a tingling stream of blood spirted in his eye'; whereat his countenance would gleam with a ludicrous expression of alacrity and surprise ; he would then compose the limbs of his victims in death with double dili gence, yet only precisely so long as they showed by fluttering, in their last moments, a disinclination to behave decently. After wards, he allowed every goose to go out of the world in the best mnanner it could. So soon as a goose appeared thoroughly dead, its legs-were disentngced from the noose to make room fr another, when the defunct bird was tossed out of the chamber of death, through a small square. window or aperture that communicated with-the 'plucking-room. Here, behind a large table or dresser sat seven men and one woman. upon low seats; enveloped in a cloud mf dust and down, and up to their hips in feathers ; wherewith altogether they were covered with such profusion, that among the eight individuals, irwas difficult at first sight to point out which was the woman. These people were paid i ,r -heir labour, as I was told, nt the rate. of a shilling a score. whereat such is their dexterity and strength of thumb, that sone are able at the'afore said price, provided they have geese to pluck, to earn ten or twelve'shillings a day. As near as I could judge, a goose was plucked' naked as a needle in about six minutes; a ptuinp fat bird at all events every forty or fifty seconds from either one or othe! of the. operators, was- pitched heavily on the ?lresser. Thus the,artists, without favour or delay, vigorously pursued their work, while the noise of quills relent. lessly ripped front tieir sockets, sounded -like the crackling of a faggot in the baker's -ven, or twigs snapped in twain by a lusty donkey, as he bursts through a thicket. Each goose so -soon as plucked was ,itched by the plucker, as I have before observed, upon the dresser. ' Hence it was reinoved by the man presiding over the first outer apartment already inentioned, and then immediately scientifically trussed and deposited on the shelv' s. So extensive is this goose establishment, that a smiit s'eam- engine is kept con .stantly employed in grinding meal for the geese's food, and mshing it into a compost with potatoes.--Sir G. Head's Home "Eower. 