THE BIBLE AND THE BIBLEiSOCItTY THE:Bishop1 of -Norwich,- on "the' ccasion' of 'his presiding, at' the 26thl'anniversaryfof tthdhNirfolk' ;and Norwich'Auilliary sBible Soeiqilheld'if !Wednesday fortnight,. observed; it the'colirse bf this speech,-as follows : n o " The Bible Society;, wihavre hieadUfromi'this' report, is spreading throtighobt-the whole Iahd landIdid I' say? I redeemPtlifit wordU Itfhns: passed over .the trackless ocean; tarId 11lieris there a.corner.in the whole aieth'; eoirparaiiiely speaking,..where. the woid of God is iot kiidwii? There have been opinions mainitainiedire'specting the.Bible Society, that 'all our works were' use less; that the. Bibles were injiidiciouisfgiveni away,: lost,. despised, and, tramipled utiposn7'All this may appear to lbe iefy 'pladsible?'Jbu~tis there no answer to be given to it'? Ye&3fthere is. I remember, when I was last i';Loii'dioi visiting the Bible Institution of reservoir, so to speak, of Bibles kept for distribution; they were piled up one upon another, and those friends who were with me said, ' surely the world will never, require the whole of them ;' the numbers: certainly appeared to be overwhelming, :and 1 thiought within myself, how many of these may be.cast awaywithout producing any .good. aB it anoler thought and'a better one quickly.followed 0 }his: Shouild "tillou istidiids `f tý pprsh; a ad bt ' one be 'made available to the'''alva'tioii bf 'an 4 immortal soul,' the la)bours of the, Saiety rwild al be amply repaid. I' might nicifion 'numerous highly beneficiall effctsderived from the Bible f Sodiety, blut I will satisfyr myself with' the ire lation of onie more 'particularly within: my' own' , department, for I airs a geologist: In reading b one of: those periodical geologialwvorks, I-met with as satisfactory an anecdote, I~thiik, for the distribution'of the Bible ia's'we cin"well 'desire.- H bI'on e of thecoal rriinesihiNewcastle an accident' 2 occurred from the breaking of the waters,bywvhiih 3c thirty-five men and foity-one boys `werebibuied p' b'eieatli the soil-escape was; impossible there they died from suffocation; or otherwiie ofstarva-' tion. Oneof these boys was afterwvards `fouiid ag with' a Bible pliced by his side: Yes, a Bible s Si) was found by the'side of that dead 'child,. and 3 upon the tin plate'of a cari 'which the. peopl) ifi i the mine were accu.stoimed to use, it was 1outid 1 hie had; writteiN 'with the pointof 'a iusty' iaila ca fewiv'btds'td his inother' telliiig her hdt hei still ca possessed his Bible;'t1iat'it 'as"his copisolationr M1 there, that they were sihn ing hymns with death before them ; and beseecliing her ard his brother I never to forget that llessed book..; Surely, when v you read of such an instance as'this, you will riot lament or repine one moment over 500 Bibl Is n'ivhma he lost, if one only shi ll r, great a tire a little spark will kindle. ' 'Tie rain 5 in the providence of God, falls alike upon the ju just and thelunjust, and the showers~which are ;cpq yeLdby thy,1cquds. an 4 dipersed, verthie ,t solitaryw ilderness are almost entirely lost; biut 1 merie and there,.(peiadveiture, on some poor 3 seedlingu; onesdrop.cnay fall, which Siinty bed the C cause.ot is fertility, rnd of growing up to; the h glory ofithe Creator."-- Patriot,ýNovember 2: 'Scotrish NEWSPAPEPS.-I 173 there were only fou/rteep,,newspapersp printed in, " Broad Scotlan'd," which, with the ehception of..t paper c iach in 'three pi'oviicial towns, all emnlnated from P Edinr bi gh'and Glasgo'v ; niow , theie aie fifty six or fifty-seven neivspapers pu blish ed, iln Sotl'nd, and the number ofstam ps ssued, to heye journals cannot, in round numbers,' fall much short of 3,500',000 'annually But 'the conth t inirnium- t hers 'is le's than the relatie qdualities of the b' irtiile'--itie "formerdinsigfifcaiit'productions con ti tijning less' matter jtlian a' Penny Ielfast Alma b Hiack, and printed in the ballad. style of " Thrumi mioCa'p,' or "Gregor's Ghost ;" the present, P copious, luid, and ;beaiutifullyexecuted mirrors 2 of all that is mnob mng in our'tmundane spheie: It is well kribn n that thei newspapers of the olden. time, intended for'thi detail of Scottih affairs, were ' got ui and, intedir London, ,and sent down to those Siho could read them, ata reasona- a ble" interval of time; and when journals first, u started in-Scotland` on their own account, the field of news' was. so mleagre and scanty. that in b many cases the editor sent .his sheet forth to his b rade'rs 'only filled to the extentthiat the 1post had broought him. news, and in othertheliblank space 4 was' n'ide upby a few odd chirpters from the I Bible. 'Even up to the beginning of the;present centiry the news papers, wheter Scotch or Eng- I lish, were; little better thaii retarilers of horrid ac cidents.or court gossip, nid politicalmatters were passed ovritha rude and.passing lance. By I way, of contrast,the nervous arid elo'quent essays, I whether on matters political, hi'storical, or philo- t sopliical,'whbic daily or eekly appear in a Ithe ] London jouriials and in' many. of ,the.proinpial ones, will speak for'theselves ;' leaving out of the .question the facts that bymeaiis of clever' correspondents in all the capitals of Euripe, the newspjapers communicirtion . has far'o9utgtrpped tene orsdy chasnngels of 'dijlomatic correspond ohe h ldest'Scot tish nesaprnow exist isjThS Evenig 9ouant wlitich'saiv the light in'1'05; and was at one timie'edit d by the, cele~ brate 'dthinilDeloe' th' hxt is The Caled ni n piiiblisihed in ,th~e Wet .was The. ,Glgs~ Cou rant, whbich 'commrien~ced in' 1*718,'b'ut Iis oner~ 'since been discortitnu'e . T/he Duniidies Joburnal commenced about IT75O) and it'is only withlur thie ast three years thdGiis't 'sin is' hive ruin ouxtS " I& ,,MAoIRnTF^ s ---n the Prussian. prv n'o ph,,yac asbeent pub ise, diecin th1at allpersons sepe ip thepstreets mai state of intoycy ,ioi phall be arrested by the, pohice, for the,secun itof thiedrkastem p geves, as wyell a~s for tlia of the public., Before hasmissedthey are. to~give an exnct acceunt of he plcsgieetiyhave ben .drinking, that, ini c'tse the faultl ie, with. .he hrlord of capy Ipublic-house, hisconduct may tie strie4y inlystin REAP!ING CORN. The Frenc clClaim the0 merit of, a new c'iscovery' in'athe advaiitage that'results from: reaping .corn before' it.is .pe'rfectly':'rpe. IThis theory, ~hirch, hfas just been promulgnted~ by Mr. Cadet, de Bau'i' ori'ginates'with' M'vEde Sal-. as, of the Agricultiaralr Society ofbBeziers. 'The ~'following eare .the; -particulars' -Corn: reaped Seight' days-.beforeiuthesusual 'time, is inr the'fir'st phice :secure from The: 'danner that threatens at ditat: time-.-this isionly accidental ;'but 'a posi a tive ,dvantir'e is, ~that the grarin is fullerplarger, and finer, and it is'never.'attacked by the weavil. e 1'he ;truth~ofi.this'statemneut bhs beetii'ouidt'hy d te most conclusive :experuieqtes upon' 'a'piece 'oi corr onie hialf of .which wvas reaped' beldre! 'the ushttij'nie,i andithA other' half'.at the' deg'ree 'of' naturity fixedratti the: 'rdinaiy; phratice"- 'Thf ,~ir A.1;poirtlon'ogav~e'ta hectoler lof cor~n mrore foi' e hhfafs heclasnofr 1ind'. 1Aftdrwards' an' equal e cfuanttty Qf floifr'Q~millier'whh~t'of' ea'ch portion' yis,'n'rade I intom~bread ; othiat'Wafrthe ecornt rea'ped; F reen 'gave Lsevkeni pounds. of:bre~adi 'more' thari ythe ,othieri"in'six idechlities.' 1Lastlyylthiq vweavih d latackedi the qonthiathatwass ripe, ,thi lother 'w's a'~exm'pt from atitriThe proper stime for reaping.is ini~th, when' the' graininnbeings pressed b~etween ~ the' fingers tha's 2idingyi appearaincj lkenithk crumb of ibread~just chot lfron& the' othn when ~ pressed'in the same manner. ' ju: HNever asikoan E~ditor 'th~e1'ews oni jhe'Mn 'trarypriftyou lhave kiky ri~w@', "&'ian materir 'lion] wlid:1h:rit'cain'bh imaniufaictureidlft mpart it t 