ENGLISH NEWS. By the arrival, yesterday, of the Earl Grey, from London the 8th August, we have received our files of English papers, from which we make such extracts as time will allow. It will be seen that a wool sale took place at Liverpool on the 20th of July, and that the prices obtained were about 25 per cent higher than at the corres ponding period of last year. Trade generally was improving. The Queen and Royal Family were in the enjoyment of. perfect health. Marshal Soult and suite had taken their departure for the continent. Whalebone shipped in the, Augusta Jessie, from this port, realised from..-fil40 to £1-16 per ton. Black oil, £38 per tun. Sir Richard Bourkc was presented nt Her Majesty's levee, on hia return from (he government of New South Wales, by Lord Glcnelg ; vnnd Mr Richard Bourke was presented by his father. MARKETS. Liverpool Wool Safes. — On the 20th instant, the first public sales of Austra lian Wool, of the new clip, took place, when 153S bales were ?offered and nil sold. There was an excellent abundance of buyers, and a spirited bidding through out. T.Iiq condition of a good part was excellent, and the prices obtained arc ns under : — ? ? '100 bales sold' by Buchanan and Brown, Homely,' — 193 'bales good to fine clothing and combing, at 2s 2d to 2s 5 Ad per lb. 432 bales, fair ditto nnd ditto, and some good lambs 2s to 2s 1-Jd per lb. .322 bales middling clothing and comb ing Is 3d to Is 1 lAd per lb. 23 bales low ditto, in poor condition, ls.7d to ls8Jd per lb. 30 bales in the grease and refuse is 2Jd to Is 6Ad per M). Averaging 2s 0^d per lb. 350 bales sold by Mr A. Gartsidc, from 10d- per .lb.- in the . grease, up to 2s 5tl, averaging Is Sj'd per lb. 140' bales sold by Messiv. Edwards, Danson, and Co., from Is lid per lb. in the grease, up to 2s OAd, averaging Is lOd 1-Gd per |b. 33 bales sold by Messrs. Knowlesnnd Richards from Is 7d to Is lO.i.d, averaging Is Si'd per lb. Tin- ivMilt of thf-P Kali'? fMublii-lird .n j advance of fully '_'?'» pi'f cent, in enmpa ri-un with other prices of similar quuli- j ties sohl in \H'.',7, at the lowest point of depression, being a good proof of the present healthy st;ite of trade iu the ma nufacturing districts. There were also sold 14G bales of Por tugal at lid to Is 4.Jd; 400 bales of East India at 2.^d to 5d for very ordinary qualities, up to 9\d per lb. for fine ; 200 bales of Cordova, Buenos Ayres, common low sorts 2£d to Gd ; second quality Me rino Sd to Is 2d and fine Is 4d to 2s per lb. ; 50 bales Turkey, from 2^'d to Gd ; a few good lambs, 93-d per lb. and 15 bides of Cape at Is ljd to Is !Hd per lb ; being at prices fully equal to recent sales. — ShippingGazcltc, July 30. Liverpool Wool Markets, July 28. — The public sales of 4,440 bales of wool on Friday the 20lh instant, were con tinued on the following day, as noted in our last circular, when ubout 1.5O0 bales of low descriptions, including East India, Portugal, Cape, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, and Italian, sold with spirit at full rales. The transactions by private have been considerable, and upwards of 1 ,SO0 bales sold mostly to the trade, with some better for export. In Scotch wool, the holders have fur ther advanced their prices, expecting- the article will follow the high rates paid at the Highland fairs. We have not heard of any business being done here in laid. 1,500 stones of white Highland sold at 14s GJ per 24lbs. to go back to Scotland Imports into Livcrpoor from January 1 to July 2G: — 183G 1837 1S38 Bags ? Bugs Bags Foreign, 2,4402 25.705 2S.U31 Scotch, 4.644 3.735 G.G41 Irish. 3.G57 1,721 3,082 English, 872 521 1,516 Shipping Gazette. (from the Weekly Dispatch of August 5). Raw Goods. — Market hides, 2. id to 5d; calf-skin, Gs Gd ; and horses' hides,. Ss each. Wool. — Blanket, 9d to 14d; combing, 14dto 18d— flannel, 13d to lSd Fleece wools — North'and South Down Iloggots, Is 7d to Is Sid — half-bred. Is 9d to Is lOd — Kent, ls-Sd to Is Gd — Foreign Wools— Germany, Electoral, 4a Gd to 6s —Lower Qualities, Is 7d to Is. lid — Australian, best, 2s 2d to 2s 9d ; inferior. Is 5d to Is. Od — Van. Dicmen's Land, clean, 2s 2d to 2s 9d. Rum. — An extensive business has been done in this article, but at a decline of prices. Four hundred puncheons Lee ward Island, have* been sold at 2s 9d to 3s per gallon for proof to 9 per cent. over. STATE OF TRADE. ' The Woollen Traac, Leeds, Tuesday — We. continue to experience, an excellent demand, but goods generally may be called by no means plentiful, and manu facturers nre becoming exceedingly firm in their demands. The merchants too are doing largely in finished goods — both for the home nnd foreign markets. On trrc whole things are promising. Braiifo'rd, Thursday — We had a de cidedly better market to- day., not only as it regards; the amount of business done, , but also as to prices, which, for some goods, were readily obtained. Com mon sorts of 6-4!hs merinos arc really scarce; and of fine not any stock worth naming. Things, comparing them at present ?with what they were in the spring of last year, present rather an ex traordiriav featnre. Wool now much higher,' as much as 15s per cwt., with goods 4s or 5s less in value. Yarns — The demand for yarn must be called .good, and spinners readily make our last quotations.- Thinsrs are likely to advance we think. Wool — There is much firmness shewn by the staplers, but as fr.r as we can judge, no higher rates have been' given, though in some cases asked. The business has been moderately extensive. Rochdale Flannel Market, Monday — The manufacturers have struggled hard to-day to improve prices, but the effort has been ineffectual, pud the demand has been confined to the red best, qualities, or chiefly so, ns the finest sort may be pronounced 'dull' of sale. The wool trade may be called dull also, but not lower in value. Wakejield Wool Market — There has been u full average of sales made in most kinds of combing wools, and though spinners do not appear inclined to buy only for instant use, the staplers .find no difficulty in obtaining a little mor.e money. Short wools are rather dull, but not lower. Halifax, Saturday — We are rather in an unsatisfactory state as to the amount of business actually doing,; but this may be accounted for mainly through the principal manufacturers demanding such rates as the buyers generally refuse to pay, although it is. understood that there arc orders on hand. The market, or rather sales were effected by the smaller makers, who were willing to accept a little advance, which was generally paid. Yarns are fully as dear, and no purchases made except for immediate use. Huddersficlil, Tuesday — There has be.n a very good business transacted to-day, and things are more healthy, speaking generally, tlmn we have had the pleasure to' notice for some time past, livery department of our trade is de cidedly improving at rather higher rates. If wool would not go nny higher, but which many confidently aiiticipate that it will, all the great interests connected with our staple trade soon would be in a most satisfactory state. — Liverpool Chro~ niclc, July 21.: WAR OFFICE. JULY 27. 4th Foot — Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Ronald Macdouald, from the 54th Regi ment of Foot, to beMujor, vice lieetham, who exchanges. 17/A 'Foot- — Ensign Henry William Bace, from the 39th Regiment of Foot, to-be Lieutennnt, without, purchase, vice Didgcty; eushiered by the sentence of a General Court Martial. , 50th Foot — Ensign George Geddes Mackenzie Cobban, to be Lieutenant by purchase, vice Campbell, who retires; Henry Otho do Crespigny, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Cobban. rio,:,s c,f .I.-,rJ«— The Pvoy.il A==cni was given.' July the 27lli, to' the ' Bill for tho Administration of Justice in Now Su'.ith Wul-s.' — Sun, July 2S. M;ijor- General Sir Maurice O'Connell, accompanied by hia military Secretary, Captain O'Connell (formerly Brigadier General in thi; Legion), has left town for Plymouth, for the purpose of embarking for New South Wales. — Conservative, July 28. Deal, July 24. — Came down the river, and proceeded, the Rajasthan, Ritchie, for South Australia ; City of Edinburgh, Thompson, for Sydney; Lady Nugent, Halton, for Sydney. 'the Impostor Thorns. — Some of this deluding maniac's disciples -affirm that the ghost of their late leader has appeared in the vicinity of his death scene. They assert that having voluntarily relinquished his connection with the flesh, he cannot, until the lapse of a certain number of moons, again become a sojourner upon earth. It is rumoured that three of the pre sent fifteen judges (Messrs Purke, Little dale, and Boliiind) will retire from the bench previous to the next term. — - Morning Herald. Why and Because. — Last week, two hundred gentlemen were admitted as lawyers. A few days afterwards upwards of fifty new acts received the royal assent. As the_/?rw increases, so of course does the slock-in- trade. — Conservative, July 2S. J^ord Durham, in Canada, is pursu ing a triumphant career of popularity. Some stupid reports of his recall appear in the American papers. His Lordship, i:i definnre of the eronlcinjrs of the soi disant ' British party' hail. released all the prisoners in tbo yiol of -Montreal, charged with political offences, except those implicated in the murder of Lieu tenant Wvir — an act of clemency as wise as it is just. Sir John Colborne is about to return to England, having solicited in vain for a further accession of troops bein£ despatched to Canada. Tho disturbances on the Canadian fron tier, although sufficient to provoke vi gilance, arc not calculated to excite alarm. The best feeling animates the British and American governments, and it is not in the power of the restless spirits in that quarter to give any per permanent annoyance- The Governor of Upper Canada had issued a procla mation, enforcing a system of passports on all persons passing the line of fron tier. — Liverpool Chronicle, July 21. Mr Isaac L. Goldsmid had the honour to entertain nt dinner on Friday last, at his villa at Regent's Park, his Highness Prince Swhartzcnbcrg, his Highness Prince Furstenbcrg, the Ministers of America, Spain, and Belgium, the Duke of Leinster, Lord Brougham, Sir Robert Ailair, the Governor and Deputy Coyer? nor of the Bank of England, and several learned Professors and other gentlemen who were highly delighted with the extraordinary powers of memory ami calculation which were evinced respec tively bv the two youths Mesle and Man geamele, the former answering with' readiness and accuracy almost every question' relating to every branch of study, the latter solving by a-pentnl process the most difficult algebraical problems, and in not a quarter of the time usually taken for questions of that description. Some of the party remained till long utter mid night, deeply interested in the evening's amusement.' The Professor of the Uni versity College was one of the company, and successfully exhibited the new ' dis covery of freezing quicksilver by the means of carbonic acid. — Sun, July 31, The following is a portion of an ad-, vertisement which appears in the Brighton Guardian : — Great Novelty! — The Australian Kilee, or Boomerang. — Thomas Beaney, sole manufacturer in this kingdom of the Australian Kilee, or Boomerang, so remarkable for the course it takes when thrown from the hand and used by the natives of Australia as a weapon either in war or in the chase. 