THE l'OACUEK. [Tlie following sketch occurs in a pleasant local work entitled a ' Tour of the Don, a series of Extempore Sketches mode during a PcdMtrlM Kamblc along the Banks of that River and Its prin cipal Tributaries.' The sketches were originally published in tlie Slieffldd Mercury during the year 1830, liut bave recently been reprinted In two neat small volumes— Lo idon, R. Croom brldge.) Frequently on passing the roadside alehouse, you see in certain districts a man leaning on me wau or gaie ao ioining, or if you step inside, he may be lollinj? on the lanasettlc or dbzing in a chair : perhaps near him may be lying— and exhibiting much the same nothing-to-do sort'of indolence as that displayed by his master— a dog, the very obvious cross of his breed, to say nothing ofhis temper, suggesting clear enough that he belongs not to the race of honest hounds. The lounger in question has probably somewhat of the terrier in his look : of wiry muscle, and limbs little en cumbered with flesh. Nor is the singularity of his dress to be mistaken : if only an undcr-graduate in the class of nocturnal depredators, he wears a large fustian or duck jacket with enormous pockets : if he had taken the higher degrees ofhis profession, namely, been before the magis trate, hod his sun taken from him, paid the penalty for hunting and snooting without license, or been in prison, then, his status being no longer to be mistaken, he affects thcgarbofagamckcepcr, the profound sacculatcdsubcoat aforesaid, a plush tvaisteoat, laced half-boots, and leather leggings : such is the poacher. When there has been a slight snowfall, you will sometimes perceive this curious personage spelling out the not-to-be mistaken footprints of 'poorpuss' — or he may occasionally be noticed doing the same on the soft ground. The gamekeeper and our slyboots will at times meet on the road, when they ex change salutations, something in the lcerofcach seeming to say, ' I could a talc unfold.' Sometimes of a night you may perceive in certain smcuses of yonder wood —if J'ou choose to risk your safety or your reputation in look ng for them — loops of wire cunningly suspended. Hark! heard you not a footstep— saw you not ashadow? Sure, 'twos not a ghost t A movement, a slight motion of the bracken there— And the snared hare screams, quivers, and is dead 1 The character in question has commonly a range of acquaintance beyond nodding lo the gamekeeper, and idling with the alehouse keeper; the coachman knows him, and exchanges with him significant nods, and, at certain seasons, ejaculates sentences not quite unintelli gible to 'those on the top :' indeed, a pretty bit of busi ness is sometimes pushed between the panics; dead hares and blackcocks tell no tales as to how they came by their deaths; andifcoacb.ee does but once get them fairly hung beside his scat, he well knows they arc safe— they need no certificates now to ensure their delivery— neither judge, jury, nor informer, can (ouch them. Mow let us look into the Poacher's dwelling : filth, squalidity, and raggedness, may characterise its inmates ; but this is by no meant always, nor commonly, the case, at least in this neighbourhood— the house is poor but clean, the wife is industrious, the children's habiliments are commcndably patched; there is a monthly rose-tree in the window, and a goldfinch in the cage— but there is an expensive gun on the balk, and a something in the looks of the poor woman, and of the bigger children too, which tells you that mystery and apprehension are no strangers to their bosoms. On one occasion, between twenty and thirty years ago, a gamekeeper was pursuing his nightly rounds in a covert not very far from the banks of the Don ; he fell in with several poachers, one of whom, after no small difficulty, was captured and carried before the lord of the domain. Having been token gun in hand, wire in pocket, and as, added to the report of bis gun on the spat, he enjoyed the report of the neighbouring hamlet as a first-rate operator in his line, one who, if he could not Bee a hare pass quite so well in the pitch dark as by the young moon light, knew, even without the aid of his dark lantern, every stneusc in Wharnclifle or Tankersley parks, as well as he knew the door of his own house. To have caught one poacher — and one of such notoriety too— was something; but as repression of the offence, rather than punishment of the offender, was the prime object of the owner of the pillaged domain, his first nnxiely was to obtain, through the confession of the culprit before him, the names ofhis companions in crime. This design Fielding resolutely, hut not rudely, with stood—threats, caresses, promises, all were tried, and equally in vain: he would not 'peach.' There was evi dently bottom in the man— and seemingly something better, which, hod it been cultivated under other auspices, might perhaps have turned to account; in short, it was apparent, not only that he was sensible of the unlawfiil ncss of his career, but that the fidelity which he main tained towards Us accomplices In guilt, mUpht if right direction, admirably qu^f,5ZVorI^hfif'lll« trust. He was liberated: Before tehM Sm^011 «* to hi. old habits, or receive the carcMeTofw. t?JretUl» pardons, an authorised person put to him tbii TnuSi Coni- 'Fading, wiU JourenouncSyottr^awfi.TrSl''-- and become a keeper : you well knowhowti !'**'«?, asituation?' The mh consideWth^ T£?* '.'3 reflected on the desperation and^neeV S^Ktio11 courscof life, thought upon bis family,^ In1'™?* t^t^Prilpus appointment. He vmtoST?* of the lodges linthewood, and thenccfo^^'K^ by day and by night, as a faithful coMervaZT'?5 recesses of those grounds where he had ^ & ? '* a very different part. This unexpected S?''4 produced, as migfit be supposed, no anaS dSS'11 citement among the poachers of the ndirhbomESi^* being quite sure that Melding «mdd never Zfe* «»?«?«?. th* he never thoSld touch hta.^d.^ fancied he would now criminate them altogether *'* . One thing, at least, is certain, that the ™»W.. and fidelity were well understood by hU 'imV^1* panions, who, whatever might be their conS, ™m t.s conduct in having 'taken office,' aSSMl? dent, at least for some time, not to encoun^r I \m' enchanted ground. Well would it haveE&' one and all continued to keep close by such di»m& °k W^0?1'^. glorious in its deepest autunuialtiS' shrouded in obscurity, save in so far as thctrtonmi u ? to the feeble light aiorded by a waning ST,& early hour iSaldlng and bis colleagtie werc\\-u2 their usual rounds in tbeoutsJdrtsataneightouK^ serve, when they espied four men prcJS ?Ef them on the high road, and whose persons, accomnW and manners, Jeft the keepers no room to doubuS the object of the party was unlawful sport. What »» to be done? The tenten would have concealed™ aZ? selves, but there was no chance of doing ra, as thlvlS ttey wen-nen - so they walked onwart [until thqS? ^.k16? Ulc1Poacber?' ' W»U. JM. thou hut got IjZ. with thce this raorning-and plenty of snlcfics, toil ! doubt not,' said Fielding familiarly to thefeUow, rtoi he kuew, stroking him at (he same time with his hind over the jacket, whose bulging pockets suggested !u» operation. Little more occurred— tbc man raised hii picce-4he wood echoed with the report— the shotrjasaJ through the body of poor Fielding, who instantlvftB upon the ground. The party then attackgd the otkc keeper, whom they presently floored with the butt-end of the gun, at a short distance from his murdered com i narjion, belabouring hun with their bludgeons. Fieldm; heard the words, 'stick him, stick him,' uttered over fi ? fallen companion. Unable to rise, or render him as, personal assistance, he managed to reach his gun, fircdii I at the party, one of whom fell, and the rest, not cons. dcring whence the shot came, immediately mode t£ Both the keepers managed to crawl home ; the latter re- I covered of his bruiscs-but poor Fieldine lay in his I chamber a corpse the day following. Swiftly the uews of this fatal rencontre spread throuih Hie neighbourhood ; many went to look at the scenoof thenffray, steeped, as the ground was, with blood,. end battered with agonistic trampling. Anxious.and self. accusing hearts were beating in the hamlet of Grenosidt, I which stretches along the eastern crest of yonder bill ] The gang were sowaally apprehended, and tried at tht i ensuing iork ossttcs. The evidence was clcar-the Ae toils were aggravated-tile culprits wore found guilty of j the capital SBfcnec, and received sentence of death. At I the earnest solicitation of the worthy prosecutor, punish- [ ment was remitted in each case, except that of the actui! 1 murderer, who suffered the extreme penalty of the lai I This tragical occurrence produced a deep teiumtion, m 1 only in the neighbourhood where' it occurred, fc | throughout tho country; and, perhaps, even tends/ is I some degree to bring about that alteration in tbegrae 1 laws, for which the Lord of WharnclifFc long unsticos- I fully contended— the legislating of the sale of puro in I our markets, in the some manner as any other like com- I modify. — Cluwiben' Journal I 