ca? MONITOR S C D iAERCIAL ADVERTISER ey 'ESDAY MOIlNINO, NOVEMBIER 1838. erten?ute, nor aught set doen in malice.-Saratc. uld _ Cit H AWILET. :ea CRITICISM CONTINUED, je essnerer assumned a mIore beautiful form than is chiaracttr of Os,lhli I. The p;athetic strain she warblese frth in her distraction; are the Uaý tit of ancient ballads that were highly s r in the days of Shakespeare, and of which ?i t himsl gices so'inter'esting a character.' l irk it, Cesarisi,-it ij.oll and plain; ,pihsters and thi. knitters in the s.un, y te free lmaids that weave their tllread with aie to ch:lint it. it is shily, sooth, d.dllie with the innocence of love, Sethe old age." nC of these precinus relics have reached its in r?entire form; others, in a niltil,.ted and itm e ntlrnditin ; and very many have as vert eluded a?n't intin-try of antiqul;lrian restirch. Snlet's advice to the players, contains tihe jnstest I of the drain:stic airt. It l is been mlaid, that i'speare gathered then;m from his "felluors,"' T1aylor anid Ber'batte at tho-o " wars of ofll which Ben Jaoson (who was present at many em) speaks so riptnrlisnly. Be this as it nay, is ithin ts .rtlit t re that treats the ?ihject i nLrrc I limasterl'' and conici-e. It is it vulgar It .Inppose that acli's (we speak not of cy, deco atifin, and tile econoimy of the stage) ot as well understood in those days as in the iui s is an old coaurtier. supple, canning, tinns, and verging upon his tIotage; lie is an able seief tio the somrer parts of this drama is a winaleal fop of the olden time, " o' osoft so iety and great sIhowinri " Even in llet, there i a considerblle vein, of tlea*antry ne of thel huonln t, which Shakespeare did Uot :nconsistent with he glass lof faishion, and the imould of fIorm-" rince, the scholar, and the philosopher. -i'entitely agree with Air. Rit.uos'* strictnre on i ohn.att's nwils, re'percing Hilulet's deliheraltile iher li shall kill the king while he is pruaying, ually resolving to do it It When lihe is drunk, asleep, or in his rage; At laining sweltrs'us', erll ablout sllle iest 'That has nol relists of satlnalion in't." Sfroll detracting froinl the virtzaou.s cha-acter amer, it iiiplre'ses us with ita till higher sense I phiety. His chllject is tio hlave not merely it for blood," but the mollst adequate alnd ete revenge for the mnurderl of a fathier, cilrctiastances the mnost delierate and dia. 1\. This lljt.etilsi is one o1 'those' exalmillple.s iof rleficisia, frs: which even tile ipages of our mluiralis's atle not altogether free. lare re'ldi tleI of all alnectllte of a ce'rtain is, who having his eineiy in his Iipower, ipro li ht lift', if hlie woulll iimmediately renounlce Iatiur; tite ltimoro'us wrtrlch, in hollpe of l, did it, when the sther t'rithwith st. ibed io the hieart, savinl, that to'n lie hadl a fill noble revenge, for he had killed at once both alite 'terline gosl of ~lhkespleare it occasionally iled with hsaser miater, his iastS ardent al n si hiae never Isouglt ito ilely.-They have merely l fortlh Ito rescue hisln friull the vain and pre reilo attempts of ediliries in criticislm, who sible of the bealuies oif the divine nmuse, have reilllsula .ily tlo n-:lanify his defects. "T'het pIre.Uilltioli'Uly called hilm to Illdh iip hi d at a ir, at which his genius huad no rilht ri I. Creationl Rs IIslest range was tois narrlow a uslary Iir tlh iltsal natioin of Sthakerspeare; it atst itr lhi to lie tout; sillled y tarbitrary utles, im nature had made for iher own.-Let otller i, iitise upol n .tlhemlnelves unnecess;ilay traimn -let ihr'ni rant in letters andt whine in back the lahw's of c iticisnm ate uncertiiain and capri .; thse oif nauare imilln'halle and eternIl. nirthin?t in-t lie coniiceded Io the age in which hspeare Hluiril- hedl andl tlhsa-e (andtl to la',t, else' appeal) whilo are at all clsnver-sant with the stare andl mianners iof that pelioad, will a.. ree hs,tlhat lie plartalkei lesI. of the heectting sin of Ilannrceit, Iw luilile, and ext la antt bilnl Stha;n any of hIis conitempotliat ics. " A ial isee I Lave itissas'es," Dr. Joihns?ln remaliks,in hi. 'uare upoi \lilton-who, tliheref ire. shall'wiondler he ineil?ality of ShakeL's are ? He lihitledl up-nI dratilt its irudest and imllot uncultivated state eflndtl nit, but created first the stage." Anid. hedid nit refiritn its alibuses altogether, he dltrew s thile hllil'ari-ln of plt-t ayees, into millatellsous I-he fnnnil it hrick, and lie left it amnrble! asph Tavlr, an emiiinent actor of this dasy, was Orlgirnal Hamlet. A tradition has been h-ntlded asto its by that wsorthy old stage listoi ian, s the promptlller, that Shakspeare instaiurcled liarhow to lplayv tlis celehr:l'ed character ; and lthe nerfolrnmidl it " iconlnparabi/ well.'" we learn n Wrighlt, in his Histaria Hstronica. 1, is her said, that Sir lI'illiam /'Aauenant. fromn hlis euhiaure of Tisylotr. conveyed his instructions Mr. etltertlon. Tayvlor was equally celebrated in , Trte'w.il, M:loses, Paris, and other leadling atters. In the year 1614, lie was at the head of Litnct conm any dfctrnediana, vhto we're distin ihed by the nane of The Li'td Elizabetl's ser is; and,t alter the death of Burbtge, lemii'tge, (oitdell, lie had the prisncilpal mnanacelnent or King's Company, in cnnjnnctiion with Lotin andl ilto. It Sepltemler, 1639, lie was appolinted tman of the Revels in ordinary to King Charles SFirst, Hellied to witness that dreadful coa.nsummation fanaticismn, which ended in the murder of his rerelen, the slavery of hlis country, and the ottal nihilathin ofithedrinam, iof which he was so bright ortiameit. His old age was oliprs'ss'd by disaap. ittett and pnverty. He died in 1(153, or in the wing yearc, and. according to fITright, was ed at Richmntnd; lie was probably near seventyi Ihe time of hisr death. Beltertn's Ilerformalnce of Hamlet has heen so hirably described by Gibber, that we shall iot pose upon ourselves tlhe.tuask of repetitionn. Of rnck aInd Hienderson, in the character, evesy Ing has Ieen said that can he sahitl We know thlse i rertalncer l otl actr5, andr, after gathering wie rin fr'tradition ind nl allowance remPficeitg opilious, we shlnll I say, that Garsiick nt qllite reach tlhe excellence of Bettertun, notr 'lrleisln that of Garrick. lThelate .r. Ketmble's HanhilIt was iicomarally ie; natitre seenmed to ihave nlotltlhil huili fur thte bitacter. in ormn and ili miiud. " We never hit'is'll usplavit, withoitt Uibihiei' e'lq'si'nt lesctihi'itn ltiihton rcun.rin toI loullr luenri. iH ie tinded ideihethiit terr'ble tI ulie spi'ctrtOi'; his hlltw tltiilhtsiits voice, isis qsjniveuilg framie, hli riv''' ldr. illillressied iu wi th te tlrurtifial re;iliry tllhat t'lhidt in the Isresence oif sonletihilg tliore lthan talHi, li hier cenes were distiniguished hy a S'tantry an I graie'll t'iit, lthat no actI'r cIoulil tier auie than hiitseltf. One on his itlsit tip d?dp:irts wa hW is scenie with lrlatio antd allar slwhenl lie first dettrinns'l,- 'l'sT lhut an antic disposition on--" 'Pecular mening tltat ine crave to ultose vcry runinp wordis," UatII, ell, wte knto," a. '. we hr crev'seren tOut'iI'ild sve Iy ttlhy r h e or He iiimela ci perfect llnusitrilln oh Hlnlsol t'i drice thuplilperi-he 'resusid ton/fl the taplicitilit-y si er tentenir, and hle gave it h mnstchtheks iee icealt httntur. IIis scrn'e with Ofp/selrs, witl llIeord,~ antitl (lie chmr ir scene, couttl nut his' ,jal; hut, if veer hue rose to enpereulls'ld sul tt .Lt wal wis he ptroinssn scid. thie wisndt dlunlpoor Yorack.y' At this nimoient an insl',? ir er taurts at the mnemnor' of th'e ctIo,'. ansi I' r~hiu hiroof o Inclte p'eper (ri/i i:.esimus /) oh mLas L~wrente'u' magnificent sicture 'Where every (oli slid su'esn toiset his seal, To tire the warll uerarsutece of a ain'" l iilttnt cunop;inion of otsr mielincliisly hours. Cr tirr present mliany ycsrs agto, at M r, Yusuns'se tW- -=? .We re dlsialpointotI (hat Miss Wilntanley pang ox ou sts airs Sihe ii'csited sery well, but they were a "ferior to the rild ballad aIrs of psthos, whtch s rthe matchleoeOiihella at Mrs. II. Johsn. MYI.SIM.· t1r.t atppearance at Covent-G irden Theatre, in the character of Hfunlet. We admlired his pertormn.uce then, and we more thetn ad.,ire it notr. In the shilosophic orince, he is the uotly lee icitnate stc ce sor of Kr;nble. We may aimn .tt imustine the hbade of the departed Hamlet thus a+ dres?ing him : " You are the tmont ihmediate to our throne. Our chiefe.t courtier, cousin, and our soi.." Mr. Kean's perform ,nce has many beauties; but they are the be.uties of the actor, not of Iientlet. It has been the ftashiun to underrate Shaksparer'.. ahilitie+ as an vactor, )bec.t?ts the g',ost tas his, top character. When alrtron looth tok upon himnelt this imma;teri.,l form, he diI not hld it so cheap. To represent t.i, chitracter tt uly, requires no con m1:n ptowers ;--we have nevei sren it justly played, not even by Mr. Pope, who, of all actors, camet tnearest to our conceptilon. We reitncnber Co£oke atremptina the ghost to Kemchll's Hamlet. IBut this hi-sh-gifted and imprudent man, having been dliini with Casts?s, orsonnesuch reveller, and h-,'ri?t taken in an enellly at his Itouth, t.. steal away hii ts5n-es "T'e potent pli.ion quire ,'ercalnl' hai spirit !'" he reeled, hiccnpited, antid ar le up the out ! " So, may he rest-his /au'ts lie cently on him l" Let thI/se who inherit a portiun of his genius, profit by hi.ierrors. We cannot speak ton, highly of Munden's Polo nits--it was richly comlic, without farce or htbffon cry, Whenever luanden got hold ,lf ta fortuilote ow.rd- a 'word that s?ited the peculiar amplitude of his.nouth--he turned it round, and round, until he had fairly made thhete ost of it, and then dischaa ged it in a manner that was sure to set his audience in a roar " le sail I was afis'ts-man geer " The only perfect Opihelia that we ever beheld, was .Miss Stephens. 