Wild Sports of the West. " A change oaine o'er the spirit of my dream." Time was, that a sportsman went; out with no other thought than that of bag- nor his jrame : anu the exercise served \- only to invigomte him for the evening s de bauch. hut "we manage these things1 better now." The observation of character, incident, and scenery, is found to be quite compatible with the due employment ol fa vourite Purdies or Mantons. An anecdote is winged together with a partridge, and a faet in natural liistoiy marked down with the dropping of the covey. Of these lite rary sportsmen, Mr. Lloyd is one of the most agreeable ; and if his hook does not add much to science, it certainly will to the public amusement. So now to cover with him — The Mad Majoii.— Apropos to cursing: the late Sir Charles Asgill told a story of this eccentric personage. During the time tlie 50tli remained in Ireland, the Colonel was mostly absent from ill health, and the command of course devolved upon the Ma jor. By one of the military abuses, at that time too common, a little Scotch Doctor, who had somehow been appointed Adjutant to a Fcncible regiment, was trausferre ! from it to the 50th. Incompetent, from profes sional inability, be was further 'afflicted by a constitutional nervousness, that made him badly calculated to come in contact with such a personage as the Mad Major. Shortly after the little Scotsman joined, the half-yearly inspection took place. Major "O'Farreli, in the course of bis evolutions, found it requisite to deploy into line, and called to his field-assistant " to take an ob ject." " Have you got one ?" cried the Commander, in a voice of thunder. " Yes, Sir," replied the alarmed Adjutant,, in a feeble squeak. The word was given, and the right wing kept moving, until the face of the regiment assumed the form of a semicircle. " Hallo ! — where or what is your object ?'' roared the Major. " A crow, Sir," replied the unhappy Scotsman. " And where is the crow ?" roared the Commander. "Flown off,'' was the melancholy response. " May the Devil fly away with you, body and bones ! Hait — dross ! Stop, Sir Charles : do stop. Just allow me two minutes to curse that rascally Adjutant." To so rea sonable a request, Sir Charles, who was a most obliging officer, readily assented. The General mentioned often, that the damning of a stupid Adjutant was no novelty ; but that he never saw a man cursed, to his per fect satisfaction, until lie heard the Scotch Doctor anathematized in the Phoenix Park. The death of poor Denis was in such per fect keeping with his life, that I am tempted to give it to you. The regiment was in garrison, and at a race-hall a trifling misunderstanding oc curred between a young Ensign and a coun try gentleman. It was, however, instantly adjusted. A few days afterwards, some in temperate expressions which had fallen from the gentleman at the ball, were reported to the Mad Major. These he considered as reflecting upon the character of his corps, and he despatched the senior Captain for an explanation. The answer to this demand was unsatisfactory, and the Captain was di rected to deliver a hostile message. The officers of the " Half Hundred " were a brave body. They vainly endeavoured to make it a regimental affair, and insisted that the person to resent th.e insult should be in differently selected (by lot) from the corps. " Gentlemen, I thank yon," said the Mat I Major, as he struck his broad hand upon the mess-table ; " your motives are per sonally kind ; hut I am at the head of this regiment, and I hold myself to be the con servator of its honour." That evening the Major had a violent, at tack of gout, to which lor years he had been a martyr — but he concealed it carefully, and when his friend called him on the morning. He was found dressed and powdered, but un able to move without assistance. Captain AI pressed oporf him the necessity of postponing the meeting, or permitting ano ther officer to he his substitute ; but Denis was immoveable in his resolve; he pro ceeded. to the ground, and, supported by a crutch, after a discbarge of pistols, received a satisfactory apology. Poor fellow ! this was his last feat. Exposure to the cold of a damp spring moniing brought on a renewed attack of gout ; that night the disorder settled in Ills stomach, and the morning after he was a corpse. The houy was carried to its last resting- place, accompanied by all the pomp of a mi litary funeral. His own beloved company, the grenadiers, who had often followed their lion-hearted leader into action, now formed his guard of honour to the grave ; and when his remains were committed to the earth, there was not a drv eve among the " Dirty Half Hundred.'' Two months afterwards, when an Irish , soldier was questioned on the merits of his successor — " The man is well enough,'' said Pat, with a heaw sigh, " but where will we ever find the equal of the Mad Major ? By Jasus, it was a comfort to be cursed by him !" The Colonel's Story. — The ight Attack. — It is itiiny-are years, this very month, since I was quartered, with my regi ment in — — ford ; I recollect the rime par ticularly, for I got my Company, in the 37th, on the same day that I received an invitation from a Mr. Morden, with whom I had formed a mai'-coach acquaintance, to stiend a week with him, and join his nephew in partridge-si- odti n 1- This gentleman's house was fourteen miles distant from the town, and situated in a rery reared part of the country. It was a wild bet beautiful residence, placed uzxm the extremity of a peninsula, which jutted into an extensive lake. To a sports- I man It oneredail the inducement; mat shoot- isg 223d risking could adbrd. But it had ; others oeslees these ; no man lived tetter ! than Mr. Morden — and his daughter Emily, i and her orphan cousin w.eo ren-eu v.uth her, were deciCedlv the rinest women v/.uo Lad attended the last rce-bali. So wonCer then tfcaX I accepted the old gentleman' in virn- tku wiiiinjsv, tuid on the appointed nay put myself into a post-chaise, and reached the place in time for dinner. The old gentleman received me with friendly sincerity, and his handsome daugh ter added a warm welcome. They apolo gised for hot having company to meet me, but " two families which they had ex pected, had been detained by some unfore seen occurrence at home." Dinner was shortly alter served. Like the host, it was; excellent without display — the- wines were superior — and, when the ladies left us, the claret went round the table. merrily. ' We are in trouble here,' said Mr. Mor den, addressing me, ' and you have come to a house of mounting. We have just suf fered a serious, I may say, irreparable loss, in the sudden death of two favourite dogs. They were of the genuine breed of New foundland, and tor size, courage, and saga city, unequalled. Poor Emily has cried in cessantly since the accident-' ' Were they stolen ?' ' Oh, no ! I wish they were, for that would afford a hope that chance or money might recover them. No, Sir, tliev would not follow a stranger ; alas ! they died yes terday hv poison.' Tears stood iu the old gentleman's eyes as he spoke of his uuhappy favourites ; and from the valuable properties of the lost dogs, it was not surprising that their death occasioned so much regret to the family. We joined the ladies in the drawing- room. After tea, Mr. Morden took a bed room candle, and apologized for retiring. ' Old habits best suit old people, Captain; hut I leave you with the ladies, who will sit up till cock-crow, if you please ;' aud bid ding us a good night he departed. 'Emily,' said young Morden, ' you are still thinking of your favourites ; well, I will ride the country over, till I find you a handsome dog. Julia, hand me that violin from the piano, and Captain Dwyer will dauce a reel with you and Emily.' 4 Heavens ! who is at the window ?' ex claimed Miss Morden suddenly ; ' it looked like that nasty, beggarman who has been haunting the house and ground these three days. Ah, Wolf and Sailor! lmd you been living, that vagabond would not have ven tured here at this late hour." Henry Mor den had left the room on hearing his cou sin's exclamation, but soon returned, assur ing the lady that the beggar was a creature of her imagination ; he had searched the shrubbery and flower-garden, and no medi- cant was to he found iu either. The alarm was speedily forgotten, and we danced reels till supper was announced. The doors were locked, the windows fasten ed, the ladies wished" us good night, and retired to their respective chambers. Henry and I remained for some time in the eating-room ; the clock struck twelve, and young Morden conducted me to mv apartment, and took his leave. I had thrown my. coat and vest aside, when a distant crash was heard, and a fear ful noise, with oaths and screams, succeeded. I rushed into the corridor, and encountered a terror-stricken maid-servant running from the extremity of the passage. Miss Mor den next appeared ; she was in complete dishabille, and had hastily thrown on a dressing-gown. ' Good God ! Captain Dwyer, what has occured ?' A volley from without prevented my reply, and the crash ing of the wiudows, as the glass was splin tered by the bullets, made it unnecessary. ' The house is attacked,' she said ; and then with amazing self- possession, added, ' There are always loaded guns above the kitchen fire- place.' We both ran down the corridor, she to alarm her father, and I to procure a weapon ; young Morden, armed with a sword, met us. The attack is upon the kitchen,' he said hastily ; 'it is our weakest point ; this way, Captain,' — and we both entered it together. There was a" bright fire burning on the hearth. The large window was shattered to pieces ; and the idiot I had noticed on the lawn, was standing beside the ruined casement, armed with a spit, making mo mentary passes at the breach, and swearing and bellowing frightfully. I leaped upon a table to seize two muskets which »ere suspended in the place Miss Morden had described. I handed one to Henry, when the fire blazed out suddenly, and dis covered me to the banditti without. In stantly, three or four shots were discharged. I heard a bullet whistle past my head, and felt something strike my shoulders like a sharp cut from a whip, but having secured the gun, I jumped from the table uninjured. We heard Mr. Morden in the passage ; his manner was calm and cullected, as he or dered the servant-men to the front of the house, aud dispatched his daughter for am munition. ' They will make a rush immediately,' said the elder Morden, coolly, ' and here comes Emily in good time ; don't come in, love !' — and he took some forty or fifty car tridges, which she had brought in the skirt of her dressing- gown. Notwithstanding the peril of our situation, 1 couid not but gaze a moment on the white and statue- Icoking limbs of this brave and beautiful girl. ' Go, leve, teli John to bring the Captain's gun-case from his chamber ; and do you, Emily, watch from the end window and if you perceive anyr movement that side, apprise us of it here. Now, my boys, be cool ; I'll give my best horse to him who shoots the first man. You Lave a good supply of ammunition, if we could hut coax the scoundrels from their shelter, and I'll try a ruse. ' The old gentleman took the idiot's spit, placed a coat upon it, while Henry and I chose a position at either side o the broken window. Mr. Morden raised the garment at the breach ; it was distinctly seen from without ; three bullets perforated it, and it fell. ' He's down, by !' roared a robber, exulting! y. 4 Now, Murphy, now's your time ; smas.n in the door with the sledge !' Instantly a huge ruffian sprang from oehind a gable ; his rush was so sud den that he struck twice with shattering force. We heard the binges give — we saw the door yielding— and. at the critical mo- ment, young Morden's gun missed fire!' 4 Curses light upon the hand that loaded it !' he cried as he caught up an axe, and placed himself determinately before the door, which we expected to be momentarily driven in. Murphy, perceiving the tre nd en duo us effects of his blows, called to his comrades to 'be ready.' He stood about five yards from me ; the sledge was raised above his head — that blow would have shiv ered the door to at»ms — I drew the trigger — the charge, a heavy one of duck-shot, passed like a six-pound bullet through the ruffian's body, and he dropped a dead man upon the threshold. ' Captain Dwyer,' said Mr. Morden, calmlv, ' the horse is yours !'" ' Morden ! we'll burn the house about ye,' 'Will you put the coal in the thatch Bulger ?' 'Morden, you have a daughter!' and the ruffian pronounced a horrid threat. The old man shuddered; then in a low voice tremulous with rage, he muttered — ' Bulger I'll spare five hundred pounds »o see you hanged, and travel five hundred miles to see the sight.'" ' The coal ! the coal !' shouted several voices, and uufortunately the scoundrels had procured one in the laundry. 4 By Heaven they will burn us out,' said Henry iu alarm. ' Never fear!' replied his cooler uncle ; the firing must have been heard across the lake, and we'll soon have assistance.' But a circumstance occurred almost miraculously, that averted the threatened danger. I he moon became suddenly overcast — heavy rain drops fell, and in an instant an over whelming torrent burst from the clouds, rendering every attempt the robbers made to ignite the thatch abortive. ' Who dare doubt an over-ruiing Providence !' said the old gentleman with enthusiasm :/ Surely, God is with us !' The storm which came to our assistance, Appeared to dispirit our assailauts, aud their parley recommenced. ' Morden,' said the captain of the banditti, ' you have Lord — 's rent in the house ; give us a thou sand pounds and we'll leave you." ' All I promise I'll perform," said the old gentleman, coldly. ' Bulger, for this night's work you have earned a halter, and I'll at tend to see you hanged.' ' Dash iu the door.' exclaimed the robber in a fury ; — ' we'll have the old rogue's heart out !' A volley of stones rattled against the door, but produced no effect, and again the rubber parleyed. ' Will you give us an hundred, Morden ?' ' Not a sixpence,' was the laco nic answer; once more stones were thrown; shots discharged, and threats of vengeance fulminated by the exasperated villains. At last, the demand was reduced to ' twelve guineas, a guinea for each man.' ' They'll be off immediately,' said the old gentleman, '.they know assistance is at hand; would that we could amuse them a little longer.' But the ruffians were already moving, and tMiss Morden presently announced that they were embarking twelve in number in a boat. ' Now for a parting shot or two,' said Henry Morden. We picked up a dozen cartridges and sallied from the house as the ruffians were pulling hard across the lake. We opened a quick and well directed fire, which they feebly and without effect, replied' to. While a musket ball would reach them, we plied them liberally with shot; and/ as we learned afterwards, mortally wounded one man, and slightly injured two others. As we returned to the house we met some fifty . countrymen, armed with all sorts of rustic weapons, coming to our relief. Without a moment's delay we launched the boats and set off to scour the country; and at noon, so prompt and vigorous had been the pur suit, that six of the gang, including the wounded robbers, were secured. Our escape froth robbery was fortunate ndeed ; Mr. Morden had seven thousand pounds that night in the lodge, for he had just received the rents of two estates. It was almost entirely paid in specie. This was of course known, and two derperate bands who had kept the adjoining counties in alarm since the rebellion was suppressed, united, for the purpose of robbing 'the Wilderness,' and securing this immense booty. Three years passed away ; the gang had been incessantly followed by Mr. Morden, and were extirpated, with the solitary ex ception of Captain Bulger. Dreading the sleepless vengeance of that determined old man, this ruffian fled the country, and es tablished himself in a disaffected district of the South. In the interim I got a Majority in the 70th, then quartered in Cork. Soon after I joined, I happened to be field officer of the day on which a notorious criminal was doomed to suffer. The regiment had given a guard, and curiosity induced me to attend the execution. I entered the press-room. In a few mi nutes the malefactor appeared in white grave-clothes, attended by two priests. It was 'mine ancient enemy,' Bulger ! Sud denly the Sheriff was called out, and -after a short absence returned, acoompanied by a plain, vigorous country gentleman, enve loped in a large driving coat, and appa rently like one who had traveiled a consi derable distance. I looked at the criminal ; he was the ruin of a powerful man, and the worst vi- saged scoundrel imaginable. He was per fectly unmoved, and preserved a callous sort of hurdiesse, and as the priests hurried over their Latin prayers, made a careless response whenever they directed him. The door leading to the drop was open ; the fe lon looked out upon the crowd most ear nestly. ' He is not there,' he murmured ; ' he "caused my apprehension, but he will not see rne die !' and added with a grim smile— ' Morden, you neither kept your word nor proved your prophecy !' The muffled stranger stood suddenly forward — ' am here, Bulger ! I paid "for your ap prehension, and have cmne some hundred miles to see you hanged.' ' Morden !' said the dying felon solemnly, ' if a ghost can come back again, I'll visit you !' The person addressed, smiled coldly— 4 1 found you unable to execute your threats while living, and, believe me, I apprehend nothing from you when dead. The clock struck — the sheriff gave the signal — Bulger advanced to the scaffold — the drop fell — and in two minutes he was a corpse. 