SOUTH SEA FISHERIES. The following has been received at Lloyd's:— "Office of the General Shipowners' Society, 72, Cornhill, April 2. " Sir,— I am instructed by the committee of the General Shipowners' Society to transmit to you, for the information of the committee of Lloyd's, the accompanying copy of a letter from Sir George Grey to the chairman of this committee, of the 27th ult., and a copy of the extract from the dispatch of Governor Sir James Stirling, dated Western Australia, Perth, July 4th, 1837, therein referred to, containing important information to parties engaged with South Sea fisheries. I am to request that you will be pleased to cause these documents to be exhibited on the board of each room at Lloyd's as the most effectual means of giving them publicity. " W. AVIATT, Sec. " W. Dobson, Esq., &c.; &c.; &c.;, Lloyd's." (Copy.) " Dowing-street, March 27,1838. " Sir,— I am directed by Lord Glenelg to trans- mit to you the inclosed extract of a dispatch which has just been received at this department from Governor Sir James Stirling at Western Australia pointing out the advantages which that colony possesses as a station for the prosecution of fisheries in the South Seas, and containing informa- tion which his lordship thinks may be rendered useful through the medium of the London Ship- owners' Society. (Signed) "GEORGE GREY. " To the Chairman of the Committee oF the Shipowners' Society, London. ' (Copy.) Extract of a Dispatch from Governor Sir James Stirling to Lord Glenelg, dated Western Aus- tralia, Perth, July 4, 1837. " The facilities afforded by the possession and colonization of this territory to her Majesty's sub- jects in the prosecution of the fisheries on its coasts were amongst the advantages pointed out in the earliest projection of this settlement, and on seve- ral occasions since I have had the honour to re- commend to the notice of your lordship's predeces- sors the peculiar circumstances which favour these pursuits in this quarter. Until lately, however, neither the number nor the means of the colonists have permitted a commencement to be made in this branch of industry. In the course of last year an attempt was made, notwithstanding these obstruc- tions, to form a whaling establishment at King George's Sound, and although the result was not profitable to those concerned, from their ignorance of the business, as well as from the want of pro- per means, they succeeded so far as to induce a large proportion of the colonists to subscribe and form in the season four separate associations and companies for whaling in the bays of the colony. There are, in consequence, four establishments of this description at present in operation, and there is sufficient reason to believe from their success up to this date that a considerable return will be real- ized. Having thus explained the existing state of things, I shall now proceed to lay before your lordship a general sketch of the colony in respect of its fitness for promoting the very important branch of maritime enterprise above referred to. " Experience since our arrival on these shores has verified the statements of earlier navigators that the neighbouring waters are frequented by extraordinary quantities of whales, seals, sharks, turtles, tripang, and many varieties of edible fish, and that the valuable coral and the pearl oyster are also found on portions of this coast embracing an extent of two or three thousand miles. The numerous estuaries and indentations, together with the existence of a bank of calcareous formation in the vicinity of the shore, may account in some degree for this abundance ; but, from whatever cause it proceeds, there is reason to believe that the colony will owe a large portion of its future wealth and value to its various fisheries. Inde- pendent, however, of its own immediate re- sources in this respect the settlement is pecu- liarly suitable to the advancement of the whaling business in the neighbouring seas A whaling ship, for instance, on her outward voyage, will find abundant occupation if she arrive about Christmas in the lat. of 40 deg south. The fishery lasts until the end of April, near the southern ice, between the meridian of Greenwich and that of Cape Lee- coin. Arriving in the ports of this settlement at the last named period she may refit and refresh her crew throughout the following month, until the whales come into the bays in June. From thence until October bay fishing will be found extremely profitable, and the ship may then proceed through the Timor Sea, and the south-east trades, towards the Seychelles and the Mozam- bique channel. On this course sperm whales are abundant at the period referred to and the ship will thus find herself at the end of this continuous season of eleven or twelve months in the vicinity of Table Bay, where she may transfer her cargo to a homeward bound ship, and after refreshing her crew, renew again the same round of operations, which, with the exception of the two short periods for relaxation,need never be interrupted until the ship is worn out. From this account of the matter it will be perceived that by the possession of this country the fisheries may derive the most impor- tant advantages when its true position in the cur- rent of operations shall come to be well understood, and it is therefore, as I humbly conceive, of great moment that the subject should be brought, in the fullest manner, under your lordship's consideration not only for the purpose of promoting colonial interests, but those of the empire at large, in an far as they are connected with maritime greatness." (From the Morning Chronicle, April 4.) SALE OF THE ROYAL EXCHANGE.— Yes- terday the first portion of the materials of the Royal Exchange was submitted to public sale, previous to the ground being cleared for the erection of a new and, we doubt not, a more splendid edifice. The catalogue contained all the architectural beauties of the building, viz,— the tower , the valuable terra cotta figures facing Cornhill, emblematical of the four quarters of the globe ; the two alto-relievos in panels, one repre- senting Queen Elizabeth proclaiming the Royal Exchange, the other Britannia seated amidst the emblems of commerce ; the four colossal griffins ; the four busts of Elizabeth ; the hells, weighing many tons, &c.;, &c.; A large number of persons assembled to witness the sale. The bell metal weighing about five tons, sold for about £400, and the remaining materials fetched £1,696. The principal purchasers were Mr Atkins, of the Kent- road, Messrs Piper, of Bishopgate-street, Mr Nicholson, of Nicholson's-wharf ; and Mr. Mar- shall. SPRING-HEELED JACK.— At the Mary- le-bone Police Office yesterday James Painter, a youth about eighteen years of age, and footman in the service of Mrs. Chater, of Kilburn, was charged before Mr. Rawlinson and Lord Montford with having for some time past kept the far inhabitants of the above village in considerable alarm by sallying out upon them during their evening perambulations disguised as a ghost. Mrs Ann Ansinok, a respectable married lady, living at Kilburn stated, that about eight o'clock on Satur- day evening she was walking along Waterloo-place, contiguous to Mrs Chater's residence, accompanied by a female friend, when suddenly she found herself seized by a ghastly figure, habited in a white sheet and wearing a hideous mask, from which depended a long beard. The figure, on clasping her, exclaimed, "Who the devil are you !" and her friend having recognised the voice of the "ghost," replied, very promptly, "We'll let you know who we are, and that we are not to be frightened by you." The ghost then beat a retreat, followed by complainant and her friend and seeing it vanish over a wall, surrounding Mrs. Chater's premises, they were pretty well convinced that the defendant was the ghost. Miss Charlotte Hagerstone, the companion of the complainant, corroborated her statement. The defendant denied the offence. Mr. Rawlinson (to the defendant) : "Pretty behaviour, truly, this is a very aggra- vated assault. If fellows like you think they can frighten respectable females with impunity, they will be convinced of their mistake, by finding themselves within the walls of Newgate. You are fined four pounds, and it is to be hoped you will learn better for the time to come." The money was paid and the defendant liberated. Another alteration in the mode of lighting the House of Commons was made last night. The lighted chandeliers on either side of the house were reduced to two, which were raised above the heads of the members of the gallery whilst the centre of the house was lighted only by a small chandelier of twelve candles near the reporters' gallery, and by the two large temporary chandeliers, the number of candles in each of which was increased from thirty- two to fifty-six placed in a double circle. These were lowered somewhat below the level of the gallery floor. The result was a slight improvement on the former night's attempt : the body of the house was better lighted, though the appearance remained as bad as before, and the glare of light m the reporters' gallery ascending from the large number of candles below was almost as annoying is on Monday evening. So great was the reflection of light from the glass in the clock-case, that it was on Monday evening covered with a cloth, and last night the glass itself having been removed, a temporary face of talc was substituted. The quantity of light produced by the means now tried is sufficient for all the purposes of the house, but it is greatly inferior in effect both on the eyes of persons in the house and on the appearance of the house itself to the experiment tried some time since of lighting by means of gas above the ground glass in the roof. Mr. Henry R. Bishop has been ap- pointed composer to Her Majesty. (From the Morning Chronicle, March 31.) HOUSE OF LORDS— NEW ZEALAND. The Earl of Devon rose for the purpose of moving for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into the present state of the islands of New Zealand, and the expediency of regulating the settlements of the British subjects therein. He said that he believed there would be no opposition offered to his motion, and he should not, therefore trouble the house by going at length into the sub- ject, but should content himself by saying that his object was, in his opinion, a most desirable one, namely, to ascertain the state of the population of the islands in question. The Duke of Richmond begged to ask the noble earl whether there had not been a private company. a species of joint stock company, established with reference to the colonization of those islands. The Earl of Devon said, that there certainly was nothing like a joint stock company in existence with reference to those islands. The Duke of Richmond was of opinion that a motion for a committee ought not to be granted unless it was established that the object which was had in view was one which was desirable for the interests of the community at large ; and he thought that no such committee should be appointed merely for the purpose of ascertaining how far a private company, already established, might go. He had heard it stated that a number of gentlemen had assembled on those islands, and he thought that it was not fit that they, being uncertain to what extent they could proceed, should apply to Parliament that a committee should be appointed at the public expense to ascertain the limits of their power. The Earl of Devon declared that he would not have brought the subject under the notice of the House if he was not acquainted with all the pro- ceedings which had taken place, and he could as= sure the noble duke, if he would give him credit by believing his statement, that this was a subject well worthy the consideration of Parliament. He had taken the liberty of placing the name of the noble duke on the list of the committee he intended to propose, and if the noble duke would take the trouble to give his attention to the subject, he was convinced that he would find it well worthy consi- deration. If he was required to go into the ques- tion now, he was prepared to do so ; but he thought that it would be unnecessary, when the whole of the circumstances must come out before the com- mittee, that it should now be inquired into, but he would state one ground on which he was inclined to believe that the noble duke would be satisfied that his object was the true and legitimate one of endeavouring to carry out the best intentions which could exist with regard to the colony. It had been his intention to submit to the house a bill to carry into effect these objects, but the propriety of that measure must depend in a great degree on the state of facts which should appear before the committee. He thought the house would agree with him in the propriety of having an inquiry, before the bill was introduced ; and if in the result it should turn out that the house was not satisfied with the course he intended to pursue, it would not be adopted. His object was not to bolster up any private company, as the noble duke seemed to imagine, but to carry into operation the views of many most excellent persons as to the mode of populating those islands of New Zealand with British subjects in such a way as Parliament would he disposed to sanction. The Duke of Richmond could assure the noble earl that he did not mean in any way to charge him or any other person with any sinister intention. What he desired was information, and he imagined that any peer in his seat in that house might, on a motion being made for a committee, to ask a question, with a view of ascertaining whether the proposed proceeding was such as he could sanc- tion. The answer of the noble earl was satisfac- tory, but he had heard that a company was in exist- ence in the colony. The noble earl's answer, how- ever, had made it clear enough, and his explana- tion that he intended hereafter to introduce a bill on the question was sufficiently satisfactory to assure him of the propriety of his motion being granted. Lord Glenelg said that the subject was one of great importance, and, on general grounds, was well worthy the attention of Parliament. He wished, however, that the time would have per- mitted the noble earl to have entered more at large into his reasons for the present motion. The ques- tion had been brought before the government some time ago, and it was proposed then to bring in a bill, and. if certain conditions had been agreed to a charter was to have been granted. The parties however, were not prepared to enter into the con- ditions which the government thought necessary, and it was useless, therefore, to bring in the bill in the House of Commons. With regard to the mea- sure proposed to be introduced now by the noble earl, although the government should offer no objection to its being brought in, they could not be taken to pledge themselves to adopt any specific course in reference to it hereafter. The noble earl no doubt, entered into the subject with the inten- tion to inquire fairly into it, and the government, too, would enter upon it without any prejudice either in favour of any particular course being adopted, or in opposition to any particular mea- sures. He did not entertain any biased feelings on the subject, but desired to enter into the state of New Zealand in such a way as to give it the best attention which he could afford with reference to the interests of the British settlers there ; and if a bill were introduced and carried, the effect of which would be to protect the natives of the country, and the British settlers, consistently with the inte- rests of the natives (Hear, hear !) an act of huma- nity and of justice would he done reflecting the highest praise on the policy of this country. He trusted that such would be the result of the labours of the committee. There had been many sugges- tions offered to him upon the subject, into which he should not now enter, but he would suggest that the committee should so pursue their labours as to enable the house to adopt some measure this session. (Hear, hear !) It might be important to mention that the government had intended to bring forward a measure in reference to New South Wales, in which certain clauses would have been contained having reference to New Zealand, but it would depend upon the report of the committee whether those provisions would now be contained in that bill. That measure would have been intro- duced before, but for the termination of the former application to the government. He merely threw out these observations with a view to the speedy conclusion of the sitting of the committee. The Earl of Devon having expressed his entire concurrence in the views of the noble lord, the motion was agreed to. 