WE have cautiously abstained from taking -any part in respect to the criminations and recriminations between Mr Moore and Mr O'Connor, which have appeared itt the Courier. We have been Induced to this abstaining, not that we are not as fully sensible •of the deep importance to the public interests -of the matters so unreservedly brought forward as are any of our contemporaries, but that we give way to considerations (with *very cause that we should not do 80, well 'knowing besides tbat they would be cast to the winds was the converse our position an respect to one of the parties,) which we permit to place us under some perhaps unnecessary restraint. So it is however, and we now only notice the disreputable subject to announce that Sir John Franklin has •called upon Mr Moore to substantiate the -charges which he has publicly preferred against Mr O'Connor, deeply affecting as they do his honor and integrity, before that most insufficient and unsatisfactory ghost of tribunal, a ' board of public officers." The •call must ofcourse be complied with, although it will be readily apprehended that Mr Moore has fearful odds td encounter. The strange disclosures in the newspapers—thztuquoque (never very favorably received) method of replying to them—the unfitting language— all these are now necessarily at an end. The enquiry ordered by the Governor can be of course only for the satisfaction of the govern- j ment. But there is another, and perhaps a more seriously interested party in the affair —the public., which can only be satisfied in respect to charges such as are before them, by a public investigation of a Jury. No other tribunal can satisfactorily act upon public opinion. THERE can be-'no subject of more importance to both the publicsthe private interests, than the upright'and correct administration of the laV-by the Judges of the land. It has become too rriuch'a sort of fashion to make Mr Justice Montagu the scape-goat of whatever complaints, real or imagined, private or public, may be considered.necessarv to be made against that administration ; and so strongly has the impression been enforced upon the public mind, that no writer in the newspapers, and scarcely any individual in private conversation, has ventured to even discuss the subject on hispart. Is this quite fair? Should any man be so treated? The Colonial Times of last week, in the full exercise of the spirit to which we have referred, thus announces its leading article— The Law of-Evidence.—There is- a material point at issue, between their Honors, the Judges, on the very important subject of the Law of Evidence. The Chief Justice holds, that all evU dence, tending to elucidation of all facts connected with the case—as is the custom in England—should be adduced, although of a collateral nature, in ordertliatthe Jury should be put in the fullest possession of all. the circumstances; while the Puisne Judge, is of opinion that nothin;, but what is calculated, to "prove, or disprove, show or <fis,-show" the point :<t.issue, can be received in evidence, but that the collateral a'id contingent circumstances may be shown by affi • davit, on giving judgment,—either in. mitigation or aggravation of punishtjnent, as the case may he; and this Mr Justice Mblitagu contends is the ancient law of the realm, fchicli shall not be departed from by him, until such ,departure be functioned by a majority of the twelve judges of England. In cases of assault or libel, it is very clear, that the course pursued by the Puisne.Judge is one inimical to the full and free operation of Trial by Jury; for, if the whole facts.of the case be not placed before the Jury, how can' the motive, or the animatef the offender be discovered ? If* as we contend, .the Jury be judges of both law andiacu (fer. if they-aYe -not, Trial bir Juty is worth nothing) how can they acquire such by a mere formal, dry, and technical detail of the matter at issue? in England, the most eminent of the Judges abstain from delivering any opinion as 'to the Case, before them,—leaving it to the jfary to find, as they think proper. So, also, as we -stated last weeV, has the new Englis,h»made Judge, Willis, decided at Sydney; and'so, we hope, to see it decided here. We will put the fdljowing case to i^ute Mr Justice Moutagu's opinion.—A b iugs a civil action agairist B, for libel, for a eermin sum in damages, ff the mdtivecf the defendant be not shown, how can the Jury acertain the extent of injury inflicted, or assess the amount of damages ? So, again, in criminal actions for assault or libel, such mitigatory circumstances may be sliown, as to induce the Jury, altnough compelled to convict, to recommend to mercf,—a matter of some consideration with a merciful Judge, provided, of course tlie recommendation be well founded. After the sharp rebuke, which was occasioned by Mr Lewis' appeal to the Home Government, we should have conceived, that the Judge, who rilled so dogmatically on that memorable occasion, would have relaxed somewhat in his opinion ; but such has not been the case, if we may judge from whit we have witnessed in two instances, of rtcerit occurrence. Trial by Jury may be truly styled, the Palladium of British Liberty; but it can only lay cla'tn to this proud protecting title, when it is full, fair, free, and utterly unfettered. The liberty of the subject, his character, fame, and reputation are too sac ed to be dependent upon the dictum of any one person, although clothed in ermine and elevated in authority ; and we hold it no less jost, than wise, for Judges to desist from influencing the Jury. It is true, the duties of a Judge aresolemn, hiih, and sacred; but justice is never so impressive, as when, clothed in the garb of mercy, and we never yet heard a Judge insist stronuly upon his duty, but we found him severe, inflexible, and rigorous in its punctilious discharge. That undue and barbarous severity, which has for so Inns a period disgraced and blotted our Statute Book, is rapidly disappearing under the ameliorating influence of sense and reason; and the administrators of justice have lost much of that stem austerity, which characterised them, even no longer ago, than the time of Ellenborough, We have to solicit of our readers to divest themselves, if possible—and so strongly does the current produced by its long continued uninterrupted course running in the same direction, that it will be matter of no inconsiderable difficulty—of that worst perverter of both the* feelings and the judgment, prejudice. We ask of them only to give Mr Justice Montagu fair play, to hear what may be said on both sides, and then, we repeat, if they can shake off that frightfully truthdestroying monster, prejudice, to allow their reason and judgment fairly to decide. Had our friend of the Colonial Times been present in the Supreme Court on Tuesday last, he would have heard Mr Justice Montagu's view of 'the late of evidence,• so ably, so convincingly, so unanswerably, not sup. ported, but proved to be correct by Mr Stephen, in a splendid display of forensic eloquence, that he would, we are convinced, in his spirit of honest candour, have ' stopped the press* to have removed from his columus the article we, have above copied ; and this, not only because our contemporary would have found his reasoning to be wholly unfounded, but because of an error in his premises, fatal of course to all his deductions. Our contemporary states, that «the Chief Justice holds that all evidence tending to the elucidation of all facts connected with the case, as is the case in England, should be adduced, although of a collateral nature.' Whosoever informed our contemporary that the Chief Justice so 4 holds, 1 ' has altogether misled hira. The Chief Justice uever so 'held;' and such a 'folding' is not onlv, NOT •the custom in England,' but is directly in the very teeth of that custom,-as established not only in the hTgter,,tlifc pk'titofibunt court of the realm, the QUteStiVBehch, but in all the other coiirtirofVfetmibster Hall. Perhaps the best roVthbdof setting our 1 contemporary right oi^bbth'these;poittts,.Kill be to state what is the custom of these Courts, as 'held' by the Ctfitef Justice himself, in full accord with Mr Justice Montagu, and then to state wherein is the whole amount of difference between their Honors; It will perhaps be a necessary preliminary to state thati the practice of the Supreme Court here, is governed strictly by that of the Court of Queen's Bench in Eugland. Whatever may be the practice of the two other Common Law Courts, to that of the Queen's Bench, the Judges here adapt the practice of their Court. An instauce of this' took place on Tuesday last, and in the very matter itself out of which Mr. Young's pro- secution of Mr. Rowlands arose, Mr. Loane's application to -the Court against Mr. Rowlands. Mr. Stephert, o'tf the preceding Court day, had obtaitiied a rule tb shew cause why Ml - . Rowlands' action against Mr. Losue, which had- b^en depending considerably upwards of a year should dot be nonsuited for tfant of proceeding. The Attorney General sheared cause on Tuesday, and a!, •hough it appears that by the practice of two of the three Courts, the Common Pleas and the Exchequer; Mr. Stephens rule must have beeu made absolute, yet that as by the practice of tfre Court of Queen"* Bench the plaintiff could ndt be non-suited until the next term, the rule was discharged, the Court here ' holding' by the practice of the Court of Qneen's Bench, rigidly and exclusively. Now what is the practice oi that Court in respect to evidence, in such prosecutions as those against Mr. Rowlands ? It is, to the very letter that adopted by Mr. Justice Moat&gu;, not only in the present case, but in that of the celebrated case of Mr. Lewis also 1 In all the Courts of Westminster Hall, and at Guildhall^ Mr. Justice Montagu's practice is never deviated from. A few words as to the nature of that practice may be here convenient. It is to coufine the evidence strictly to the record. It is laid down expresbly in all the books—v/r beg of our contemporary td bear th'is particularly in mind—IN ALL TIIB BOOKS, that, by the established law and practice of England, net a single case to be found to the contrary, all circumstances of aggravation or extenuation 'ARE IRRELEVANT TO THE QUESTION AND CANNOT BE ADDUCED ON THE TBIAL,' they can only be brought under the consideration of the Court afterwards by affidavit. Not only the justice, but the common sense of this is obvious. The jury have no power of aggra- vating or extenuating their verdict.. It can only be guiity or not guilty. Oh ! but says our contemporary, if the whole circumstances were laid before the jury, although they could not modify their verdict, yet thev could ' recommend to mercy.' The Chief Justice himself shewed abundantly how wholly futile was this argument. His Honor referred to the constant practice of Judges in such cases, to ask of the jury, upou what grounds ? The Jury state, such and such circumstances iu the case. If the Judges agree, as to these,* the recommendation is attended to. New in cases of assault, libel, &c.;, these circumstances can be brought cot only as fully but more fully, before the Court by affidavit, than at the trial The Chief Justice said the recommendation of a jury could only be taken as their individual opinions. Any gentleman in the Court could as well offer his opinion as amicus curitE, and as it could only be founded upon matters proven at the trial, which the Judges might have the credit of at least devoting quite as much attention to as could any bystanders, it was not paying any very great compliment to those functionaries to remind them of so important a part of their duty. The great objection which the established. English practice, as it is. found in the books to exist is obviously intended to obviate, is, that if circumstances antecedent to the assault are to be .given in evidence on both sides at the trial, where is the detail to begin, and where is it to end ? Is the * provocation' to be limited to hours, days, weeks, months, or years ? If either, how many of either ? The defendant inay perhaps call witnesses to prove that' he was * provoked' an hour before the assault—the plaintiff will call other witnesses to shew a previous provocation the day preceding—the defendant will meet this by going back a week—the plaintiff will go back a month— the defendant a year ! Where is this to end? Where is the limit to be—where is the line to be drawn ? The law and practice of England is wisely calculated to prevent this grass absurdity, by limiting the evidence, at the trial to the facts immediately attendant upon the case stated on the record, f This is Mr. Rowlands' case. He could prove every word that was altered—every gesture that was made—every circumstance whatever which occuried from the beginning to the end of the affray, but there he must stop : he could not go back to what had occurred in another place previous to the assault, let the period of time be ever so short or ever so long intermediate. The provocation is said to have been a coutradiction given to him piiblicly iu Court. Had he struck Mr. Young on the spot at the moment, (could it'have beeu possible which of course it was not) then indeed the coutradiction would hire been legitimate matter of evidence at the trial; but not so, he went out of the Court, stated to several persons hia inteat ' 0n of assauItin g Mr Young, whe'n be also should come out; a considerable titne elapsed, during which tliethrfeat wasr miijeknopit tb Mr Young, which, whfen Ke quitted the Court, Mr Rowlands carried into effect. Now our contemporary will see at ohce, the consequence of travelling « out of the re. «j»rd.' If Mr Rowlands edtild'gdback to Mr Young's contradicting him in the Coim. Mr Young must go further back to that wlp| wis contradicted, the trutii must then b* «*riquir"d into, in order to see with whom ^as the original provocation, and -where is this to end ? On the other hand limit th* evidence at the trial, aits the case in England, tb the circumstances immediately attendant on the matter, and the whole difficulty ceases; It beeh Urged, as respects a'ffidavits tn aggravation or mitigatioo, that persons could be compelled to come int« Cditrt and gire evidence on the trial, who thight refuse to make affidavits afterwards. A conclusive reply to this readily present* iUelf. The prosecutor alone could by possibility be deteriorated by it, btft hardly »<>, because he jives his own" evidence in lii« ckse, subjected however to the most search, ibg cross- examination. Now by the English practice, the defendant, who by the practic* sought to be substituted for it, could not give his own evidence at all, can not only do so, carefully and guardedly, prepared by skilful advisers, after the case is o ver, so is thereby to meet whatever points are over, but also without cross-examination of au v. kind. In answer to the objection as to persons refusing to make affidavits who can be compelled at the trial, the practice in England entirely overturns this. -T.be defendant has only to state in his affidavit the nature of the evidence which such persons could give.; that he has called upon them to make affi. • davit thereto, and that they have refused, and the Court invariably gives him the be. neBt of all possible evidence wli'jch baj been so shut out The defendant therefore can have nothing to complain of as to the English practice, which is wholly in his favor, and the prosecutor going, if jiechuses, into the witness box, to establish his own case, it would be impossible that any-course could be better adapted to work substantial justice on both sides. Having thus shewn what the established practice is, notouly as to ca&s; originating in the Court of Queen's Bench, but to all sent to be tried in the inferior Courts, bv order of the Court of Queen's Bench, or if having been tried in the inferior Courts bv Grand Jury presentation, brought up bV certiorari to the Court of Queen's • Bench. Having, we say, noW shewn what- is the ' established practice in all these cases, let us see in what cases a different practice is said to obtain. It is asserted that at the country assizes in England the Judge admin all circumstances connected with the case to gone into. As no precedents of this practice whatever are in any of the books, do»bt of it may be permitted, at least to the extent to which it is attempted,.in the present instance to be carried. We dioubt whether the Judges of assize would permit any evidence to be gone into beyond those closely attendant upon the question. That there i* some latitude allowed beyond that existing in the Court of Queen's Bench is possible, for the reason we shall give, but it is obvious that forming the exception, it proves the rule. The gronnd of that exception however is readily understood. ' It is Veil known that the assizes in the respective countiei; follow so close upon each other, that the Judges frequently proceed to their carriages direct from the Bench. There can therefore be no time to bring up defendants for judgement, who are thence permitted, ex gratia, to go into evidence of mitigation, the prosecutor being also permitted to go into evidence in aggravation. But as we have said this is contrary to the established practice ai laid down uniformly IN ALL THE BOOKS, and wliich, "where it can be, is uniformly adhered to. We apprehend we have sbewn the accuracy of Mr Justice Montagu's course, to the satisfaction of every impartial and unprejudiced reader—to others it would be usetea» for us to attempt to addresss ourselves. We will now offer a few words as to our contemporary's charge against His Honor, that ' his course is one inimical to the full and free operation of trial by jury.' We had expected that our friend would have given some argument at leaBt, in support of his assertion. What do we find? Nothing but an inference unsupported bj | any reference to fact*, that Mr JusticeMonlagu refusesto allow Juries in libel cases to • be judge of both law awl fact, and our contemporary then makes reference to the course of Mr Justice Willis at Sydney, which lie considers praise worthy in the highest degree. Our contemporary introduces that functionary with a flourish of trumpets as at! a country assize, as par exceilenre, an • Eug- ^b-made Judge.' Is not Mr Montagu? Is not'English-made' 1 altogether?' Attorney General and Judge, entirely of English manufacture ? Surely in that respect he is at leant quite upon .a par with Mr Willis. But what has Mr Willis done in the-veriest atom more than has Mr Montagu, or any other of the Judges of either colony, in famoron liber tat is f We assert, without fear •f refutation, nothing ! He nibde, it is true, at stalling upon the bench, a fine trap-clap speech as to the riglits of Juries to decide festfc the Jaw and tact in libel cases ; which noiie of his colleagues at Sydney, or contemporaries here had ever denied, or had been silly enough to attempt to deny. When any Judge in either colony refuse to allow any Jury, in any lil-e| ca«e, to 4 find' both law and fact, as they might think pro. per t Our friend savs he hopes to see the -practice so decidcd here. When did he see a contrary practice decided ? We now refer alone and expressly to libel cases, but we wight go farther—we might ask of him in what does the celebrated and highly vaunted Libel Act alter the before existing law? We apprehend in little indeed. It enacts nothing new—it is merely declaratory of what was the existing law, but upon which different practice, by different judges, had prevailed. That celebrated Act merely declares that the trial of a libel shall be conducted ' like every other trial for any other crime'—that the Jury shall decide not upon the mere fa'ct of printing arid publishing, but uponi tfie whole matter in issue—i. e., the publication of the libel with the intention charged. This is f/te whole of the Libel Act. It does not change the law, but it adapts the practice in libel c^ses to that of every other offence. Are not juries as much judges of law and fact in every other criminal case as well as they are in those of libel ? In larceny, burglary, even murder! Look at the soldiers case the other day, charged with the latter offence, in which this right was distinctly .exercised by the jury who tried •him. That lie killed the man there was no <ioubt. Mr. Justice Montagu told the jury, with that clearness and precision for which he is distinguished, that they were to decide upon both law and fact, and they did so, they found that, the accused did not kill the deceased with the.intention charged in the information and they therefore acquitted him. So on Mr Bent's trial. Mr Justice Mon- »aga told (fee Jury that they were the sole judges of both law and fact. ' Look at the jnfoimation' gentlemen, said His Honor. * it is for vou to decide upon law and fact, •did Mr Sent publish the libel with the indention charged ; if you find that he did not, you will acquit him.' The Jury found, that he did. and theirverdict was accordingly guilty ! In what then has the 4 Euglish- *nade* Judge Willis, the shadow of advautage over tbe ' English-made' Judge Montagu ? We now come to the last passage of our •extract from the Colonial Times, which we certainly approach with some hesitation, not that we find the slightest difficulty in the matter, but that owing to. a variety of circumstances such a thick cloud of PREJU- DICE has been thrown around the whole affair, by which the vision of the whole community has been so obscured that it requires no inconsiderable effort on the part of any. individual to see his way clearly himself, much <nore for a public, journalist to attempt to dissipate the hallucination. In the passages we refer to, our contemporary says, 4 after the sharp rebuke which was occasioned by Mr Lewis' appeal to the home government, we should have conceived that the Judge who ruled so dogmatically on that memorable occasion would have relaxed somewhat in hiB his opinion, but such has eot been the case, if we. may judge froth what we have witnessed on two instances of recent occurrence.' Our friend then indulged (we i«fer to the extract above) in some little deelamatorv effusions which although very pi$ui)y written are somewhat in keeping with his text, the 4 Englishwade' Judge Willis's flourish as to his intention to leave to Juries that which had sever, here, been dreamed, of with-holding from them. As we feapwe oureelvfes.'occar sionally indulge a little in tbe same strain, we are 1 unwilling to interfere with our friends fustian. We shall limit ourselves then to- the mere enquiry wliether even in the above quoted'passage there is not more thanoneniistake. , First, as to the * sharp re]b>uke' from the home government. Has Mr Justice M >ntagu fin Mr Lewis's case J received any ' sharp* or other rebuke from either the home or the local government ? We believe we may safely & ay not. Has His Honor beeh even made acquainted with the precise nature and extent of the 4 opinion' of the British Law Officers of the Crown, as to his ' ruling' in Mr Lewis s case ? We believe ire may again sat not, and that we may add,: that up to tliis very writing, he is in the mbAt'perfect official ignorance of the sentiments of lioth the home and local governments as tb that 4 ruling,' If we are wrong we shall be happy to be corrected bv our contemporary, but let him be sure to assure himself of the correctness of what he may be told thereon. Secondly.—As to the two recent instances of * dogmatimal ruling,' meaning of course Mr Rowlands'and Mr Bent's cases. In what wa« the ' dogmatic'* We ask of our contemporary whether even the very shadow of objection was made in Mr Bent's case at the trial to any single proceeding of Mr Justice Montagu J If there was not, and we defy him to shew it, one of his (wo ' recent instances' is overboard ; and we think unless we do not very much mistake our contemporary's fairness anrf candour, he will be disposed to admit that we have already shewn the other (Mr Rowlands) to be in the same sinking condition. The ' dogmatical ruling' in this latter case was of course the adopting the fully proven to be English established pracfice. Is that 4 dogmatical ?' Is it so to follow the uniform course, not only of the great first court of the realm, the Queens Bench, iutalso that of the other Courts of Westminster Hall, of Guildhall, and of all the other Metropolitan Courts— Is this ' dogmatical ?' VVe have, we hope and believe, abundantly shewn that Mr Justice Montagu has acted on 4 the recent cases' uprightlv, justly, legally, and constitutionally; and even his foes admit that he exhibited first-rate ability. We had intended to have gone some little into our contemporary's reference to Mr Lewis' case, but this notice has already extended to an inconvenient length ; we shall, then, now ouly say, that we sincerely rejoice at the receipt by Mr Lewis of tbe large sum recently voted to him. It could not indeed be otherwise. An arbitration composed of experienced, well-informed, and highly respectable gentlemen, nominated in part by the government, awarded it to him— the Executive and the Legislative confirmed it, and the faith and honor of the government was clearly thereby pledged to his receiving it; and, we repeat, we rejoice that he has so done, it being especially remembered that the source from whence it came forming no part of the present subject. But seeing, as we have done, the course Mr Justice Montagu adopted on the occasion of the trial, as to the lau> of evidence, proved to be so completely correct, may we not venture to enqnire a little whether there has not been sopie rather unfair confoundings of causes, and persons, and facts, and circumstances, in the outcry which has been so inveterately raised against him, and which he has had the manly resolution, so firmly to withstand? Has there been nothing in the least un- English in this ? We shall venture the enquiry ? Since the preceding notice was in print, the further proceedings in the Supreme Court, fully reported in another page, have taken place. We have to request of our readers to recollect this, because there are some of the points so powerfully urged bv Mr Justice Montagu, which are touched on above, that otherwise it might be supposed we had written from His Honor's argument, instead of. as is the fact, our notice having been not only written, but in print, before his splendid justification of his course of proceeding was delivered. The most entire knowledge of the snbject—ample research in investigating it—self-possession, temper and moderation — conciliatory deportment, towards the Chief Justice as to the difference of opinion, and conclusively convincing arguments accompanying the whole, eminently distinguished Mr Jnstice Montagu on this important occasion. We shall only say of our report, that it has at least; the. merit of industry and care; and we have giwn it at full lebgth, considering the subject, as we do, of paramount public interest. JTheTrue Colonist bas expressed himself, with his usuai independence, in this matter. His notice of this subject is highly creditable to him in every respect,.circumstances considered. It proves that he has the manliness to afford his tribute of praise, where that tribute is justly due. We noticed in our)ast the 4 Harriet Wilsoh' book of Lady Charlotte Bury, the only difference, between the two publications being that the one relates her own amours, abstaining carefully from detracting from reputation, exoept in so far as the briuging forward her own paramours may be so considered—the other chronicling herself as a paragon of virtue and amiableness, bring? forward the weaknesses of every lady, not only with whom she ever came in contact, but whoever became subject of public notice, during the long and interestingly eventful reign of George III. Amongst others, Lady Holland is most prominently brought forward, and circumstances strictly of a private family nature, with which the public can havt no possible interest, which can only tend to produce unliappiness in families, throwiug ihe misfortunes of parents in the teeth of their children, ripping up events dead, buried for years, wholly forgotten.by those to whom they were known, making them kuown to whom they were before unknown, in a word, producing the most mischievous effects, in the furtherance of a base and despicable traffic in slander, or of an equally base and despicable passion for the gratification of it. By one of those motives Lady Charlotte Bury can alone have been actuated in giving to the world a work which has drawn upon her the unqualified reprobatiou of the whole periodical press. The manly mauner in which Colonel Webster came forward, in vindication of his mother, (Mr Colburn, Lady Charlotte's publisher, feels himself compelled to acknowledge it to be 4 honojable and feeling,') will shew the nature of the book, better than any description of it. At the time he wrote although both himself and every body knew the author, yet as no public avowal of identity had been made, he expressed his feelings thereon hypothetically. Mr Colburn however, in consequence of a more direct application from Colonel Fox, gave up Lady Charlotte Bury, and withdrew the work as far as was possible from publication. But the mischief was done, and the result is, that like all detected slanderers, her traffic has destroyed itself. Her literary occupations will be no more tolerated. " The following is Colonel Webster's public letter- 