THE GREEK CHURCH. [CONCLUDED.] THE Roman church pretends that there was an apostolic council at Antioch, in which not only the use, but the worship, of images was autho rized by the apostles; but that is certainly a fiction. Neither pictures nor images were allowed in the churches, during the first three hundred years. The authors of that period are all silent with respect to them. The heathen never accused the Christians of using them. Jerome records of Epiphanius, a bishop of Cyprus in the fourth century, that when on his passage through a village of Palestine, he saw an image of Christ, or of some saint, upon a vail before the door of a church, he tore it down, because it was con trary to the Scriptures to suspend an image in a Christian house of worship. And, in the last heathen persecution, before Constantine ascended the throne, although particular inventories are given of articles seized by the persecutors in seve ral of the churches, such as cups, flagons, bowls, water- pots, lamps, candlesticks, torches, clothing, &c.; not a syllable is said of images or pictures. These were first introduced by Paulinus, bishop of Nola, in the fourth century, who says that, to keep the people from excess, when they met to gether on the anniversary festival of the dedica tion of one of their churches, he employed them in painting the walls of that church with images of saints and representations of scripture history. He designed them for ornament and instruction, not for adoration. As late as the year 590. Gre gory the Great, while defending the use of pic tures in churches, expressly condemns the worship of them. Indeed the use of them was never for mally approved, till the second council of Nice, A. D. 787. And even after that time, the whole -western world, except the popes of Rome, agreed in rejecting them. In Germany, France, and Britain, they received no adoration for many ages after that council. As I witnessed, with surprise, pictures de signed to represent God the Father in several of the churches of Greece, I would here remark, that ancient history affords no sanction to the use of such a representation. The ancients never allowed them to be set up in their churches. Origen, Ambrose, and Augustine, pronounce it to be impious. Nay, even that Gregory, who so earnestly defends the use of images, denies that it is lawful to make one of the divine nature. The second council of Nice also declared against this practice. And so strong is antiquity on the sub ject, that it is astonishing the practice should be tolerated. The invocation of departed saints was prac ticed by many, unrebuked, in the fifth century. And as the opinion prevailed that the spirits of glorified saints were permitted to revisit this world, and that they delighted specially to linger around the places where the bodies they once inhabited were interred, the sepulchres of the saints, and especially of the martyrs, soon became places of resort for suppliant multitudes. Great effcacy was also attributed to their bones, as a defence against the powers of darkness, and a catholicon both for the body and the mind. In this century, private confessions to a priest took the place of confessions in the presence of the church, which had been practiced for some time, and thus one of the greatest restraints upon licentiousness was almost entirely removed. Superstition now increased rapidly. Frequent pilgrimages were undertaken to Palestine, and to the tombs of the martyrs. Quantities of earth brought from the Holy Land,and from other places of remarkable sanctity became an article of merchandize, and were bought and sold at great prices. Pagan processions were also intro duced into the Christian worship. "The virtues, that had formerly been ascribed to the heathen temples, to their lustrations, to the statues of their gods and heroes, were now attributed to Chris tian churches, to water consecrated by certain forms of prayer, arnd to the imagess of holy me,. And the same privileges, that the former enjoyed under the darkness of paganism, were conferred upon the latter under the light of the gospel, or rather under that cloud of superstition that was obscuring its glory. It is true that as yet images were not very commot, nor were there any statues at all. But, it is at the same time as undoubtedly certain,as itis extravagant and monstrous, that the worIship of the martyrs was modelled, by degrees, according to the religious services that were paid to the gods before the coming of Christ." . The Lord's supper was sometimes celebrated at the tombs of martyrs, and at funerals; and this customr gave rise to masses, in honour of tihe saibts, and for the benefit of the dead. In many places, the bread and wine were held up to view before their distribution, that the people might contemplate them with a certain religious respect; and thus originated the custom of carrying these elements about the church on the head of the olli ciating priest, as an object of worship for the people. The number of festivals was increased. These were celebrated in honour of Christ's birth, bap tism, death, resurrection, and ascension, and also of the effusion of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost. Numerous others were added in honour of the martyrs; and these festivals were generally so observed as rather to promote indo- lence, voluptuousness, and criminal pursuits, Ihan habits of virtue and piety. Such was the prodigious number of rites and ceremonies, which were invented to give splen- dour and respectability to the church in the eyes of the world, that the great Augustine declared the yoke, under which the Jews formerly groaned, to have been more tolerable, than that imposed upon many Christians in his day. Indeed, the state of the church, in these respects, seems to have awakened the concern of all the great and good men of those times. As the Greeks regard the first seven general councils, together with the Holy Scriptures, as the standard or faith and practice, it will be proper to notice them. The first two were held in the fourth century—one at Nice, in Bythnia , in 325; the other in Constantinople, in 381. In the first council, Arianism was condemned ; in the second, the doctrine of the Trinity was ex- plicitly and fully declared. The third and fourth were held, respectively, at Ephesus and at Cal cedon, in the years 431 and 451. "It belongs only to my purpose to mention, that the doctrines Ephesus and Calcdon, and by the writings of those who were most esteemed in the church at that time. Such was the provident care of _L~ktrrjt Over hijs Church, in tilt? p tYl's.·svrvtilic tl JI iJufinatn'vatni trt'tki'e Igatirlý to I1i1 pf rb-fl, tilt utliio oft O th two 11:Z jlr('" in it, thatll II Ultip1'; to 3*Hlnojvt: tjiliii 101) the wied by (xx Z3I:ýSJtrt~ j. and !~ ~tio dotr Iine~s wnt. h foip ai i swd 1/iJ iirrl tof bi't Jtr, j 4 e g j I', s myinl iS 1 ii V ' filt h ut t' 1 i i 1orn ra v'n L r/i i wsi t tis~t;t'iý,i t~ts'' J yt'vt'trtl 1S' I' c u Il;r Sjnv tilt ýº ttaV 1V 1.0'tio f i Vinjieirrvu: i J li.' winJlii [ *y11VJ~ b irji~td' t~ist' jtEu~iI i:1 ýJo~zt' ntiC I t1 vl'&t;~el held in the same city, A.D 680, and condemned the opinions of the Monotheites In 692 Jus tinian II. assembled another council, which the> worship and the government of the church, it gave completeness to the acts of the previous councils. The use of pictures and images in the churches, and perhaps the adoration of them, became fixed in the eastern church, at the end of the sixth century. They were brought in, as has been observed, to assist the ignorant and feeble mind to raise its conceptions to spiritual and heavenly things, but they became a hindrance; they filled the fancy with material images, and arrested the soul in its aspirations after an infinite spiritual Being. Idolatry was carried to its height at the close of the seventh century, and Christianity might have been mistaken, by tho casual and un informed observer, fora revised form of paganism. No doubt there were people of Gad, who, like Elijah of old, lifted up their voice against these profanations of the gospel. But their remon strances might not have been heard, had not the Saracen been summoned against the degenerate church. Fear was thus awakened, and inquiry, and Leo, the Isaurian, ascending the throne em bodied the sect of the Iconoclasts against the growing idolatry. He was resisted, however, by the bishop of his own metropolis, and by him, also, who has been denominated tha first Pope of Rome, Greece too, and its neighbouring islands, set up the standard of revolt, so infatuated were the people with the love of images. The son and the grandson of Leo inherited his views; and a council was assembled by the for mer at Constantinople, in the year 754, which solemnly condemned the worship and the use of pictures and images. "Jesus Christ," says the council, " bath delivered us from idolatry, and hath taught us to adore him in spirit and in truth. But the devil not being able to endure the beauty of the church, hath insensibly brought back idolatry under the appearance of Chris tianity, persuading men to worship the creature, and to take for God a work, to which they give the name of Jesus Christ." Irene, the wife of the grandson of Constan tine, having accomplished the death of her hus band, assumed the government in the name of her son, then only ten years old. She imme diately took measures for restoring the reign of idolatry. No general revival of spiritual religion seems to have blessed the churches, and she found them ready to second her views. A coun cil, which she assembled at Nice, with the con currence of the pope of Rome, sanctioned the use and adoration of images. This the Greeks call the seventh general council, and the second of Nice, and its acts are an integral portion of the faith professed by the Greek church. Yet has not the relapse of the Greeks been complete, in respect to their actual practice. The modern Greek rejects all carved and graven images as unlawfhl. The worship of wood and of stone is an abomination to him; but, if the picture give not an animated representation, if it be only flat and inexpressive, he scruples not to bow down before it. While the controversy concerning the worship of images was at its height, another arose con cerning the procession of the Holy Ghost—whe ther he proceeded from the Father only, or from the Father and the Son. The Latins held to the latter opinion, and the Greeks to the former. We can hardly conceive of the vehemence of contro versy, which this question occasioned; and it was the revival of the controverty, in the eleventh century, that was the immediate cause of the final separation which then took place between the western and eastern churches. Even in the darkest ages, the Greeks retained their extreme fondness for disputation, and were seldom without debates upon religious matters. The controversies, however, were generally upon points of metaphysical subtlety, which, oftener than not, lay beyond the proper field of human investigation. By far the greater part of the people were unable to read the Scriptures: and the sect of the Paulicians, which sprang up in the ninth century, charged the Greeks with allowing none but their priests to have access to the foun tains of divine knowledge. Yet there are no ecclesiastical decrees known, which prohibit the use of the Scriptures to the members of the Greek church in those times: indeed there was little occasion for them. In the year 1453 Constantinople was taken by the Turks, after having strangely stood for six hundred years almost in sight of its enemies, Fifteen years before this event, the emperor John Paleologus, with his patriarchi and the most eminent of the Grecian bishops tnd doctors, repaired to Italy, and negotiated a union withl the Latin church. They were excited to this Imenasure by the extremity to wlhich they were reduced by the Turks. But the terms of Ithis union were so revolting to the prejudtlices of the Greeks, that they were indignantly rejected as soon as the deputies returned to Constantinlnole. They required the Greeks to admit, that the Hloly Ghost proceeded from the Son, as well as fiom the Father—that there is a purgatory, as held by the Latins—that unleavened bread ought to be employed in the administration of the Lord's Supper, and that the Roman pontiff is the true and proper head of tho universal church. How strong must have been the national feeling on these points, when, rather than yield them, the whole people chose to fall under the bloody sword of Mohammed ! One part of the city was soon alter taken by storm, and from that every vestige of Christianity was effaced: the other part surrendered by capitulation, and there the inhabitants were allowed, for many years, to hold their churches, and to worship according to their pleasure. The Greek church still retained its external form ; but its members were slaves, its learning had fled to more congenial climes, its splendour had perished, its magnificent temples were converted into mosques, and upon those which remained was inscribed a sentence of de cay and desolation. Thus depressed, the Roman pontiff was san guine in the expectation of subjecting the Greek church to his authority; and it is affirmed, that, in the space of half a century from the storming of the city, not less than thirteen patriarchs acknowledged his supremacy. The aknow. ledgment on the part of the people, was of more doubtful nature, and it was sometimes to tally abjured by the patriarch, It was assailed by the great leaders of the German Reformation, sion of the people, their general ignorance and artful policy of Rome, permitted only few rays penetrate the gloom,, which covered the east. The efforts of the German reformers in behalf of the Greeks, commenced with a letter from about the middle of the sixteenth century, in which he described the Protestant doctrines. With this copy he sent a copy of the confession of Augsberg, translated into Greek. The patri- arch in return sent his deacOn to Wittemberg, to learn more fully the nature of the Protestant faith. The divines of Tubingen renewed the correspon repeatedly to the patriarch between the years 1576 and 1581, sending him, also, a copy of the Augsburg confession, together with a compend of theology, composed by Heerbrand, and trans- lated into Greek. 'The only fruits of this cor respondence were a few letters from the patri- arch with a strong attachment to the doctrines and insti tuions of his own church, But, in the early part of the seventeenth cen tury, it did appear as if the church of Greece was on the verge of a most desirable reform ; for the - patriarchal chair was filled by a man, whose mind had been enlightened by study, and by observation in the different countries of Europe, and who was evidently disposed to know and confess the truth. This was Cyril Lucaris, a native of Candia, and successively patriarch of Alexandria and Constantinople. While he de tected and opposed the arts, by which the pope was endeavouring to bring the Greeks under the Roman yoke, he, at the same time, conceived the design of purifying the doctrine and ritual of his church, and to this end he promoted the printing of the modern Greek Testament trans lated by Maximus, which afterwards was made the basis of one printed by the British and Foreign Bible Society. The Papists resolved upon accomplishing his ruin. Their nefarious designs were repeatedly frustrated; and it was not until Cyril had set up a printing press, that they succeeded in destroying his credit with the Turkish government. Then the Jesuits, by the help of false witnesses and the influence of the French ambassador, procured his condemnation for alleged treasonable designs. His printing establishment was destroyed by the Janissaries, and lie was strangled in his palace in 1638. Cyril left behind him a creed or confession of faith, drawn up in various propositions, each illustrated by reference to the Scriptures, and to the fathers. This confession inclines strongly towards the doctrines of the reformed churches. He excludes saints and martyrs from the mediatorial office,' acknowledges but two sacraments, and denies the papal doctrines of purgatory and transub stantiation. His successor, Cyril of Berea, a furious partisan of the pope, assembled a synod, which anathematized the person and opinions of Lucaris. In 1642 the synod of Yassi, in Moldavia, also condemned his confes sion. Meanwhile. the dispute between Claude and the Sobornists of France, on the doctrine of transubstantiation, penetrated into Greece. The French ambassador to the Porte was directed to collect opinions on the subject, and by.various means obtained a considerable number from the Greek clergy in support of the doctrine. This triumph may be said to have been consummated at the synod assembled in Jerusalem, A. D. 1762, by Dositheus the patriarch of that city. The object of this assembly was threefold ; to repro bate the German reformers-to annul the confes sion of Cyril Lucaris-and to give validity to the confession of Dositheus. The controversies of the church were now hushed to silence by a for mal declaration, in the manner of the council of Trent. The council affirmed, that the seven mysteries, or sacraments, all had a divine origin, and that the elements of the eucharist are actu ally changed into the body and blood of Christ. Thus, although the pope failed to reduce the Greeks under his authority, he succeeding in fix ing upon them the most monstrous of all the superstitions of his own church,-that of transub stantiation. The doctrine is held by the Greeks, however, in a somewhat milder form, than it is by the Latins. Since that time I know not that any material change has happened in the Greek church, ex cept lately in the political relations of that part of it, which exists in Greece. The portion is likely to enjoy the fireedom, which it had under the sceptre of the Greek emperors. The view we have taken of the Greek church illustratrates the baleful influence of the spirit of controversy, where the people are uninstructed in the Scriptures. If it be, as a celebrated writer asserts, that " truth has usually been elicited by controversy," it must still be affirmed, in respect to the Greek church, that controversy has been a mighty engine to obscure and deform the truth, and give root and inveteracy to error. We see, too, the importance of directing the attention of the Greeks as little as possible to those points, on which the national prejudices are so firmly fixed, and as much as possible to the vital truths of Christianity. Reasoning directly on those topics, which have been agitated for centuries, and on which the public mind ihas therefore a peculiar excitability, will probably be worse than useless, at least while knowledge is so partially diffused, Nor is there any need of occupying this ground; for the Greek concedes the use of the Scriptures, with most of those essential truths, the neglect of which led his ancestors astray. These truths, though almost buried be- neath mountains of rubbish, and unknown to the mass of the people, and understood and loved, I fear, by very few; are still a part of the national creed. They are inconsistent, indeed, with the prevalent corruptions in doctrine and practice; but there they are, clearly and often stated in acknowledged standards of faith, and gradually rising into notice. And it cannot be, unless Greece be abandoned to judicial blindness, but that many of its quick-discerning inhabitants will yet see and acknowledge the relations of attraction, or repellency, which those truths sus tain to their actual system of religious worship and belief. --Rufus Anderson's Observations upon the Peloponnesus and Greek Islands. 