EXTRACTS. .Maritime Ghosts.— The most general effect, however, of the warranted ghost stories among our more modern and more civilised seamen, is to noint a moral. without caring to account for appearances by circumstances connected with the physical laws of inatter. He who has been milch among tliem must be struck with the fact, that the spectral visits thuy describe almost itivariably arrive at concliisions favourable to right principle, and impress the force and intensity of the Deity's revenge against murder, with little taint of that taste for supcrnattrral revealments of treasure, in which their shore bretbern delight. While they reward the virtuous and good, they sho\v the sinner — to use the inspired words of Isaiah — that ' God's right hand is stretched over bim still.' Jt is true that some of their yarns are ? 'h:ilf horror nnd h-ilf wl^m. Like liemls in gleu, ridiculously grim' — but they nil bear the stamp of good fueling ; not .=o much the mere effusions of spectre-mongers, gloating on horror, as discs of retributive justice. Unlike the village ghost — which mostly scares clodhoppers in a churcyiird. to get its bones removed to cousecruted ground, or ' bursts its cerements' to announce to some old woman wljere it few shillings and half-crowns are concealed in a stock ing or a teapot — the murine one is usual ly the messenger of right. It wns thus that the shade of tbe seamen, buried clandestinely in thepandsof Rupert Vnlley- at St. Helena, sat upou his unseeuly grave, and became the means of bringing the catifF who bad murdered him to condign punishment. Serjeant Matchem, of the Marines, until he turrendcred himself to justice, w:is followed by the ghost of a drummer-boy whom he had made away with to preveut his appearing as a witness against him, und by which he was haunted us regulary ns the old woaian in a box did him in quest of the talisman ofOrmanes. Jn like manner, the mute of theMona wa3 induced to confess that be had treacherously plunged a mc3sin.nte overboard iu the dark, froai being visited nightly by a grinning und bidious white face with goggle eyes, which perched on the foot-clues of his hammock and fasci nated bis sleepless jja/.e, while terror gagged his voice, and a monstrous hand i'uriiiaed with iron claws, grasping his thighs, prevented his leaping out of bid. Hermiane frigate was haunted. 'Tier the foul ussnssiuatiun of Captain 1'i^ut ftinl his officers, until even more than Ih'.1 actual number uf mntinecrs bud l-:-i'.: executed for the ajrocity. We h.ivc j said thnt the belief of supernatural ven geance is apparent in rnost sea- tales, but in none is it more so than in the notion yet strongly prevalent respecting the loss of the Assoclijtion. w th the gallant Sir Cloudo-ly t--;iuvcl. his two sons-in-law, his oii'u-ar.-, h;h1 nil his crew, on the rocks off Jv-illv., iu 170S. Tbe tradition runs, thut while riding ???.: Gihralter, one of his shi|-'i company fell under the penalty of death by the sentence of a Court-martial, but that some points of evidence being highly favourable to the prisoner, he was warmly recommended to mercy by his judges. The appeal was in vain, for the obdurate Admiral ordered the sentence to be carried into effect, and that instanter, in presence of all the fleet. As the last request of 6 dying man, the culprit beseeched pemission fur a psnlrn to be read previous to hi3 exeecution ; which being granted, he selected the 109th, so remurknble for its muledictive tenor. The moment this was concluded, he cried out, with a loud voice, ' Sir Cloudesly. you are mudering a guiltless victim. May the Lord, whom I invoke, ns a proof of my innocence to all ages, never allow another officer of your name in the English Navy, and may neither you; nor any of your crew, return home alive ! '* The further denouncement, if any more were intended, was suddenly cut short bv the denouncer's being run up to the fore-yard arm. Such is the story which we can aver to having repeatedly heard, and generally wjtb the peroration — ' So the ship was wrecked witli all hand?, and we've never had an Admiral of that 'ere name since ;' which last, by the way. is no great marvel. Nor did the ihiracle cease with the death of the bravo officer, for his body floated from the Gilston, the rock on which tbe fated Association struck, as far ns Porthelik, a dacp cove on the ea«t *ule of St. Mary's Island. Mere it was foiiitl by some fishermen, who des poiled and buried it in a spot, where, to this day, ' grass refuseth to flourish, although covering every other part around.' At the disinterment. which soon afterwards took place, it was found that Porthelik would form a very eligible harbour for men-of-war, and thus, say they, Sir Cloudcsly's body, in going ashore at that very place, had the future benefit of his country in view, by clearing all the reefs and rocks, and pointing out an ad vuntagedus port. Eloquence of The Earl of Chatham — All accounts, however, concur in re presenting tbe eft'icls of his eloquence to have been prodigious. Tlie spirit and vehemence which animated its greater passages — thier perfect ap plica tion to the subject-matter of debate — ibc appositeness of his invective to the ndividual assailed — ihe grandeur of tbe ideas which he unfolded — iliejieart slirring nature of iiis appeais, are ail confessed by th* united testimony of all his contemporaries ; and the fragments which remain bearotit to v. considerable extent such representations ; nor are we likely to be misled by those fragments for the more striking portions were certainly tlie ones least likely to be either forgotten or fabricated. To these mighty aitr.tciions was addetl tbe inipo siusr; the anim;ttiii2;, tbe commanding power of a countenance singularly ex pressive ; an eye so piercing that hardly any one could stand its glare; nnd a manner altogether singularly striking;, original, and characteristic, notwith standing a pecuisirly defective and even awkard action. Latterly, bis infirmities precluded ali action : and be is described as startding in the House of Lords, leaning upon Iiis crutch, and speaking for 10 minutes together in an tinder-tone of voice scarcely audible, but raising Ins nod's to their full pitch when be broke out into one of his grand bursts of invective or exclamatiou. But in ins earlier time, his whole manner is represented as having beeri beyond con c.eption animated and imposing1. In deed the things which he effected by it principally, or at least which nothing: hut a most striking and commanding torio could have made it possible to attempt, nlniost exceed belief. Some of ihese sallies nre indeed examples of that approach made to the ludicrous by the s'lhlitne, wliieb bus been charged upon him ns a prevailing fault, and re presented uudur the name of Charla tanerie — a favourite phrase with his adversaries, .i.°. it in later times has been with ihe ignorant undervaluers of Lord !'-skine. it is related that once in the Hoiis^ of Commons be beffaii \\\\- speech with the words, ' Sugar, Mr Speaker,, — and then, observing a smile to prevail iu iliu audience, he paused, looked fiercely around and with a loud voice, rising in its notes and swelling into vehement anger, he is s-iid to have pro nounced again .the word ' Sugar !' lined timed, and having thus quelled the lionsp, afirl extinguished every ap pearance oT lovity or laughter, turned round and disdainfully asked, '* Who will laugh at su^rar now ? We have this anecdote upoii good traditional autho rity ; that it was believed by those who had the best means of knowing Lord Chatham, is certain ; and this of itself shows tbeir sense of the extraordinary powers of his milntier, and the reach ol Ins audacity in trusting to those powers. — Edinburgh Review. A sitiijMlar discovery has been mnr.'e at the Dane, Margate, of an extensive grotto, which appears to have been ex cavated about the lime ol tbo Susun heptarchv, and which affords mailer tor deep reflection, and will probably throw some light oii the habits of our Saxon ancestors. The Dane i» celebmied as the Held of a decisive and terrible cn ^auiiinent ?fouirnt between (he Saxons and Danes. I'roui time lo lime objects h.ive been disinterred which show till deadly nature of the struggle, including niimr»nj:js human bones, not yet reduced' to dust: «nd even e-iitire skeletons im nodded in soft ch.iik; and thin peserved, as with a coating of cement, from decomposition. Armour nml Wiulilu; 'weapons of the fashion of thai, early period have also Ijocii found. Tlie irrotto, which luis just bean luiil open, does not appear to have any reference \o the battle. U extewis.-.i great distance under the hill, and is laid out in serpen tine walks, alcoves, and passages of considerable extent, the aides being studded with shells, form 'tl into elab orate-ami curious devices, and doubtless executed by torchlight. The discovery of this remarkable structure was entirely accidenjal, and in consequence of some excavation made on the spot by the proprietor of the land. — Dover Tele rjrajih. A hostile meeting fook place on Wed nesday afternoon week at Wormwood Scrubs, between Lord Albert Conyngham, M.P., and Mr Frederick Villiers, late M.P. for Canterbury; the former attended by Lord George Bentinck, M.P.. and the latter by Sir Lytton Bulwer, M.P. After receiving Lord Albert's fire, Mr Vijliers fired in the air. An explanation then took place, and the principals left the ground together. A good many specta tors had collected within a short distance. — Leeds Mercuru . Aunust IS. 