\- POSTHUMOUS PAPERS OF THE PICKWICK CLUB. THE PICKWICKIANS. (Continued from our last.) Mr. Pickwick nodded assent, and coughed to attract the attention of the young gentlemen behind the partition, who, having now relaxed their minds by a little conversation among themselves, condescended to take some notice of the stranger. " I wonder whether Fogg's disengaged now ?" said Jackson. "I'll see," said Wicks, dismounting leisurely from his stool. " What name shall I tell Mr. Fogg ?" " Pickwick," replied the illustrious subject of these memoirs. Mr. Jackson departed up stairs on his errand, and immediately returned with a message that Mr. Fogg would see Mr. Pickwick in five minutes ; and having delivered it, returned again to his desk. " What did he say his name was ? " whispered Wicks. " Pickwick," replied Jackson ; " it's the defendant in Bardell and Pickwick." A sudden scraping of feet, mingled with the sound of suppressed laughter, was heard from behind the partition , " They re a twiggin' you, Sir," whis- pered Mr. Weller. " Twigging me, Sam!" replied Mr. Pickwick ; " what do you mean by twigging me?" Mr. Weller replied by pointing with his thumb over his shoulder, and Mr. Pickwick by looking up, became sensible of the pleasing fact, that all the four clerks, with countenances expressive of the utmost amusement, and their heads thrust over the wooden screen, were mi- nutely inspecting the figure and general appearance of the supposed trifler willi female hearts, and disturber of female liappiness. On his looking up, the row of heads suddenly disappeared, and the sound of pens travelling at a furious rate over paper, immediately succeeded. A sudden ring at the bell which hung in the office, summoned Mr. Jackson to the apartment of Fogg, from whence he «ame back to say that he (Fogg) was ready to see Mr. Pickwick if he would step up stairs. Upstairs Mr. Pickwick did step ac- cordingly, leaving Sam Weller below. The room door of the one-pair back, bore inscribed in legible characters the impo- sing words, Mr. Fogg ; and, having tapped thereat, and been desired to come in, Jackson ushered Mr. Pickwick into the presence. " Is Mr. Dodd in ? inquired Mr. Fogtr. " Just come in, sir," replied Jackson. " Ask him to step here." " Yes, sir." Exit Jackson. " Take a seat, sir," Baid Fogg ; there's the paper, sir : -my partner will be here directly, and we can converse about this matter, sir." Mr. Pickwick took a seat and the paper, but, instead of reading the latter, peeped over the top of it, and took a survey of the man of business, who was nn elderly pimply-faced, vegetable-diet sort of man, in a black coat, dark mix- ture trowsers, and small black gaiters ; a kind of being who seemed to be an essen- tial part of the desk at which he was writing, and to have about as much thought or feeling. After a few minutes' silence, Mr. Dodson, a plump, portly, stern-looking man, with a loud voice, appeared : and the conversation commenced. " This is Mr. Pickwick," said Fogg. " Ali ! You are the defendant, Sir, in Bardell and Pickwick ? " said Mr. Dodson. " I am, Sir," replied Mr. Pickwick. "Well, Sir,"said Dodson, "and what do you propose ? " " Ah !" said Fogg, thrusting his hands into his trousers' pockets, and throwing himself back in his chair, " what do you propose, Mr. Pickwick ? " " Hush, Fogg," said Dodson, " let me hear what Mr. Pickwick has to say." " I came, gentlemen," replied Mr. Pickwick,-gazing placidly on the two partners,-" I came here, gentlemen, to express the surprise with which I re- ceived your letter of the other day, and to inquire what grounds of action you can have against me." " Grounds of '-Fogg had ejaculated tim* much, when he was stopped by Dodson. " Mr. Fogg," said Dodson, " I am going to speak." " I beg your pardon, Mr. Dodson," said Fogg. "Tfor the grounds of action, Sir," continued Dodson, with moral elevation in his air, " you will consult your own conscience and your own feelings. We, Sir, are guided entirely by the statement of our client. That statement, Sir, may he true, or it may be false ; it may be credible, or it may be incredible ; but, if it be true, and if it be credible, I do not hesitate to say, Sir, that our grounds of action, Sir, are strong, and not to be shaken. You may be an unfortunate man, Sir, or you may be a designing one ; but if 1 were cjlled upon as a juryman upon my oath, Sir, to express an opinion of 3-our conduct, Sir, I do not hesitate to assert that I should have but one opinion about it." Here Dodson drew himself up, with an air of offended virtue, and looked at Fogg, who thrust his hands further in his pockets, and, nodding his head sagely, said, in a tone of the fullest concurrence, " Most cer- tainly." " Well, Sir," said Mr. Pickwick, with considerable pain depicted on his coun- tenance, " you will permit mc to assure you, that I am a most unfortunate man, so far as this case is concerned." " I hope you are, Sir," replied Dod- son ; I trust yon may be, Sir. If you are really innocent of what is laid to your ohar.-e, you are more unfortunate than I had believed any man could pos- sibly be. What do you say,. Mr. Fogg?" "1 say precisely what you say," re- plied Fogg, with a smile of incredulity. " The writ, Sir, which commences the action," continued Dodson, " was issued regularly. Mr. Fogg, where is the f recipe book ? " " Here it is," said Fogg, handing over ( a square hook, with a parchment cover. " Here is the entry." resumed Dodson. " * Middlesex, Capias Martha Bardell, nn'doto, V. Samuel Pickwick. Damages, '¿£1000. Dodson and Fogg for the plain- tiff, Aug. 28, 1830.' All regular, sir; perfectly." And Dodson coughed and looked at Fogg, who said " Perfectly." also. And they hoth looked at Mr. Pickwick. " I am to understand, then," said Mr. Pickwick, " that it really is your inten-1 tion to proceed with this action ?" " Understand, sir-that you certainly I may," replied Dodson, with something as near a smile as his importance would | , allow. I " And that ihe damages are actually laid at fifteen hundred pounds?" said Mr. Pickwick. " To which understanding you may add my assurance, that if we could have prevailed upon our client, they would have been laid at treble the amount, sir ;" re- plied Dodson. "I believe Mrs. Bardell specially said, I however," observed Fogg, glancing at I Dodson, " that she would not compro- mise for a farthing less." " Unquest'onubly," replied Dodson sternly. For the action was only just begun ; and it wouldn't have done to let Mr. Pickwick compromise it then, even if he had been so disposed. " As 3'ou offer no terms, sir," said Dodson, displaying a slip of parchment in his right hand, and pressing a paper copy of it, on Mr. Pickwick with his left, " I had better serve you with a copy of this writ, Sir. Here is the original, Sir." " Very well, tcntlemen, very well," said Mr. Pickwick, rising in person and wrath at the same time ; " you shall hear from my solicitor, gentlemen." " We shall be very happy to do so," said Fogg, rubbing his hands. " Very," said Dodson, opening the door. " And before I go, gentlemen," said the excited Mr. Pickwick, turning round on the landing, " permit me to say, that of all the disgraceful and rascally pro- ceedings -" " Stay, Sir, stay," interposed Dodson, with great politeness. " Mr. Jackson Mr. Wicks." " Sir," said the two clerks, appearing at the bottom of the stairs. " I just want you ta hear what this gentleman says,"replied Dodson. " Pray, go on, Sir-disgraceful and rascally pro- ceedings, I think you said." " I did," said Mr. Pickwick, tho- roughly roused. " I said, Sir, that of all the disgraceful and rascally proceed- ings that ever were attempted, this is the most so. I repeat it, Sir." " You hear that, Mr. Wicks?" said Dodson. ' ' You won't, forget these expressions, Mr. Jackson ?" said Fogg. " Perhaps you would like to call us swindlers, Sir," said Dodson. " Pray do, Sir, if you feel disposed-now pray do, Sir." " I do," said Mr. Pickwick. « You | are swindlers." " Very good," said Dodson. " You can hear down there, I hope, Mr. Wicks. " Oh yes, sir," said Wicks. " You had better come up a step or Iwo higher, if you can't," added Mr. Fogg. " Go on, sir ; do go on. - You had! better call us thieves, sir ; or perhaps you would like to assault one of us. Pray do it, sir, if 3'ou would ; we will not make the smallest resistance. Pray do it, sir." As Fogg put himself very temptingly within the reach of Mr. Pickwick's clenched fist, there is little doubt that that gentleman would have complied with his earnest entreaty, but for the interpo- sition of Sam, who, hearing the dispute, emerged from the office, mounted the stairs, and seized his master by the arm. " You just come avay," said Mr. Wel- ler. " Battledore and shuttlecock's a wery good game, vhen you an't the shut- tlecock and two lawyers the battledores, in vich case it get's too excitin' to be pleasant. Come avay, sir. If you want to ease your mind by blowing up some- body, como out into the court and blow up me; but it's rayther too expensive w'ork to be carried on here." And without the slightest ceremony, Mr. Weller hauled his master down the stairs, and down the court, and having safely deposited him in Cornhill, fell be- hind, prepared to follow whithersoever lie should lead. Mr. Pickwick walked on abstractedly, crossed opposite the Mansion House, and bent his steps np Cheapside. Sam began to wonder where they were going, when his master turned round, and said " Sam, I will go immediately to Mr. Perker's." "That'sjust exactly the wery place vere you ought to have gone last night," replied Mr. Weller. " I think it is, Sam," said Mr. Pick- wick. " I know it is," said Mr. Weller. " Well, well, Sam," replied Mr. Pick- wick, " we will go there at once, but first, as 1 have been rather ruffled, I should like a glass of brandy and water warm, Sam. Where can I have it, Sam?" Mr. Weller's knowledge of London I rç-as extensive and peculiar. Ile replied, | tvithout the slightest consideration " Second court on the right hand side -last hotise but vun on the same side the vay- take the box as stands in the first fire-place, 'eos there an't no leg in 'ihe middle o' the table, vhich all the others has, and its wery inconwenient." Mr. Pickwick observed his valet's di- rections implicitly, and bidding Sam follow him, entered ihe tavern ho had pointed out, where the hot brandy and water was speedily placed before him ; while Mr. Weller, seated at a respectful distance, though at the same table with his master, was accommodated with a pint of porter. The room was one of a very homely description, and was apparently under the especial patronage of stage coachmen ; for several gentlemen who had all the appearance of belonging to that learned profession, were drinking and smoking in the different boxes. Among the nnm ber was one stout, red-faced, eldcrlv man ! in particular, seated in_an opposite box, who, attracted Mr. Pickwick's attention, s The stout man was smoking with great 1 vehemence, but between every half-dozen puffs, he took his pipe from his mouth, and looked first at Mr. Weller and then at Mr. Pickwick. Then he would bury 1 in a quart pot, as much of his counte- nance as the dimensions of the quart pot i admitted of its receiving, and take ano- ther look at Sam and Mr. Pickwick. And then he would take another half dozen puffs willi an air of profound me- ditation, and look at them again. And at last the stout man, putting un his legs on the seat, and leaning his bnck against the wall, began to puff at his pipe without leaving off at all, and to stare through the smoke at the new comers, as if he had made up his mind to sec the most he could of them. At first the evolutions of the stout man had escaped Mr. Weller's observation, but by degrees as he saw Mr. Pickwick's eyes every now and then turning towards him, ho began to gaze in the same diiec tion, at the same time shading his eyes with his hand, as if he partially recog- nised lhe object before him, and wished to make quite sure of its identity. His doubts were speedily dispelled, however ; for the stout manhaving blown a thick cloud from his pipe, a hoarse voice, like some strange effort of ventriloquism, emerged from beneath the capacious shawls which muffled his throat and chest, and slowly uttered these sounds-" Vy, Sammy." " Who's that, Sam ?" inquired Mr. Pickwick. " Why, I wouldn't ha' believed it, Sir," replied Mr. Weller, with astonished eyes. " It's the o'd 'un." " Old one," said Mr. Pickwick. "What old one?" " My father, Sir," replied Mr. Weller. "How are you my ancient?" And with this beautiful ebullition of filial affection, Mr. Weller made room on the seat beside him, for the stout man, who advanced pipe in mouth and pot in hand to greet him. "Vy, Sammy," said the father, "I han't seen you, for two years and better." " Nor more have you, old codger,'" replied the son. " How's mothêr-in law ?" "Vy, I'll tell you what, Sammy," said Mr. Weller, senior, with much so- lemnity in his manner; " there never was a nicer woman as a widder, than that 'ere second venture o' mine-a sweet cretur she was, Sammy ; and all I can .say on her now, is, that as she was such an uncommon pleasant widder, it's a great pity she ever changed her condition. She don't act as a vife, Sammy." "Don'tshe, though ?" inquired Mr. Weller, junior. i The elder Mr. Weller shook his head, I as he replied with a sigh, " I've done it once too often, Sammy; I've done it once too often. Take example by your father, my boy, and be wery careful o' widdcrs all your life, specially if they'.ve kept a public house, Sammy ;" and having delivered this parental advice with great pathos, Mr. Weller, senior, re-filled his pipe from a tin box he carried in his pocket; and, lighting his fresh pipe from the ashes of the old, commenced smoking at a great rate. Beg your pardon, Sir," he said, re- newing the subject, and addressing Mr. Pickwick, after a considerable pause, " nothin'personal, I hope, Sir; I hope you han't got a widder, Sir." "Not I," replied Mr. Pickwick, laughing ; . and while Mr. Pickwick laughed, Sam Weller informed his parent in a whisper, of the relation in which he stood towards that gentleman. "Beg your pardon, Sir," said Mr. Weller, senior, taking off his hat, " I hope vou've no fault to find with Sammy, Sir."" " None whatever," said Mr. Pickwick. " Wery glad to hear it, Sir," replied the old man; "I took a good deal o' pains with his eddication, Sir ; let him run in lhe streets when he was wery young and shift for his-self. It's the only way to make a boy sharp, Sir." " Rather a dangerous process, I should imagine," said Mr. Pickwick, with a smile. " And not a wery sure one, neither," added Mr. Weller ; " I got reglarly done the other day." " No !" said the father. " I did," said the son ; and he pro- ceeded to relate in as few words as possi- ble, how he had fallen a ready dupe to the stratagems of Job Trotter. Mr. Weller, senior, listened to the tale with the most profound attention, and, at its termination, «aid " Worn't one o' these chaps slim and tall, with long hair, and the gift o' the gah wery gallopin'?" Mr. Pickwick did not quite understand the last item of description, but, compre- hending the first, said " Yes," at a ven- ture. " T'other's a black-haired chap inmul bery livery, with a wery large head ?" " Yes, y« s, he is," said Mr. Pickwick and Sam, with great earnestness. 1 Then I know where they are, and that's all about it,'" said Mr". Weller; "they're at Ipswich, safe enough, them two." "No!" said Mr. Pickwick. "Fact," said Mr. Weller, "and I'll tell you how I know it. I work an Ipswich coach now and then for a friend o' mine. I worked down the wery day arter the night as you caught the rheuma tiz, and at the Black Boy at Chelmsford -the werry place they'd come to-I took 'em up, right through to Ipswich, where the man servant-him in the mulberries -told me they was a goin' to put up for a long time." " I'll follow him," said Mr. Pickwick; ' we may as well see Ipswich as any other place. I'll follow him." ' You're quite certain it was them, governor?" inquired Mr. Weller, junior. "Quite, Sammy, quite," replied his father, "for their* appearance is wery sing'1er; besides that'ere, I wondered to see the gen'l'm'n so familiar with his servant ; and more than that, as they sat in front, right behind the box, I heard 'em laughing, and saying how they'd done old Fireworks." " Old who ?" said Mr. Pickwick. " Old Fireworks, Sir, hy which, I've ]uo doubt, tliey meant you, Sir." Títere is nothing positively vile or atrocious in the appellation of " Old Fireworks," but still it is by no means a respectful or flattering- designation. The recollection of all the wrongs he had sus- tained at Jingle's hands, had crowded on Mr. Pickwick's mind, the moment-Mr. Weller began to speak : it wanted but a feather to turn the scale, and " Old Fire- works" did it. " I'll follow him," said Mr. Pickwick, with an emphatic blow on the table. "I shall work down to Ipswich the day arter to-morrow, Sir," said Mr. Weller the elder, " from the Bull in Whitechapel ; and if you really mean to g°>.you'd better go with me." "So we had," said Mr. Pickwick, "very true; lean write to Bury, and tell them to meet me at Ipswich. We will go with you. But don't hurry away, Mr. Weller;* won't you take anything?" " You're wery good, Sir," replied Mr. W., stopping short-"perhaps a small glass of brandy to drink your health, and success to Sammy, Sir, wouldn't be amiss." "Certainly not," replied Mr. Pick- wick, " A glass of brandy here." The brandy was brought; and Mr. Weller, after pulling his hair to Mr. Pick- wick, and nodding lo Sam, jerked it down his capacious throat as if it had been a small thimble-full. " Well done, father," said Sam, "take care, old fellow, or you'll have a touch of your old complaint, the gout." " I've found a sov'rin' cure for that, Sammy," replied Mr. Weller, setting down the glass. "'A sovereign cure for the gout," said Mr. Pickwick, hastily producing his note-book, " what is it I" " The gout, sir," replied Mr. Weller, " the gout is a complaint ns arises from too much paso and comfort. If ever you're attacked with the gout, sir, jist you marry a widder as bus got a good loud woico, with a decent notion of usin' it, and you'll never havo the gout agin. It's a capital prescription, Bit. I takes it reg'lar, and I can warrant it to drive away any illness as is couscd hy too much jollity." Huyinjr imparted this valuable secret, Mr. Weller drained his glass once more, produced a laboured J wink, sighed deeply, and slowly retired. p " Well, what do you think of what your father says, Sam V inquired Mr. Pickwick, with a smile. _" Think, sir !" replied Mr. Weller ; " why, I think he's the wictim o' connubiality, as liiue Beard's domestic chaplain said, with a tear of pity, ven ho buried bim." There was no replying to this vory opposite conclusion, and, therefore, Mr. Pickwick, after settling the reckoning, resumed his walk to Groy's Inn. By the time he reached its secluded' groves, however, eight o'clock had struck, and the unbroken stream of gentlemen in muddy high-lows, soiled white hats, and rusty npparel, who were pouring towards tho different avenues of egiess, warned bim that the majority of offices had closed for thut day. After climbing two pairs of steep and dirty stairs, he found his anticipations weio realised. Mr. Perker's "outerdoor" wa3 closed; aud the dead silence which followed Mr. Wellor's repeated kicks thereat, announced that the officials had retired fiom business for the night. "This'is pleasant, Sum," said Mr. Pickwick; " I shouldn't lose an hour in seeing bim ; I shall not be able to get one wink of sleep to-night, I know, unless I have the satisfaction of reflecting that I have confided this matter to a professional man." t] " Hero's an old 'ooman comin' up stairs, sir," j, replied IMr. Weller; "p'raps sheiknows where we can find somebody. 1 milo, old lady, vere's Mr. Perker's people ?" " Mr. Perker's people," said a thin, miserable looking old woman, stopping to recover breath after tho ascent of the staircase, " Mr. Perker's people's gone, and I'm a goin' to do the office out1" . "Are you Mr. Perker's servant?1' enquired Mr. Pickwick. " I am Mr. Perker's laundress," replied the old woman. "Ah," said Mr. Pickwick, half aside to "Sam, ]¡ " it's a curious circumstance, Sam, that thoy call (I the old women in these inns laundresses. I wonder what's that for." ' " Cos they has a mortal nwersion to washing anythtn', I suppose, sir," replied Mr. Weller. " I shouldn't wonder, ' said Mr. Pickwick, looking at the old woman, whose appearance, as well as the condition of the office which she had by this time opened, indicated a rooted antipathy to the application of soap ond water. .' Do you know where 1 can find Mr. Porker, my good woman ?" "No I don't," replied the old woman, gruffly; " he's out o' town now." " That's unfortunate, ' said Mr. Pickwick ; " where's his clerk-do you know !" " Yes, I know where hois, but he wouldn't thank me for telling you," replied the laundress. " 1 have very particular business with him," said li Mr. Pickwick. I " Won't it do in the morning," said the woman, '* Not so well," replied Mr. Pickwick. " Well,'* said the old woman, "if it was anything vory particular, I was to snv where he was, so I suppose there's no harm in telling. If you just go to the Magpie and Stump, and ask at the bar for Mr. Lowten, they'll show you in to him, and he's Mr. Perker's clerk." With this direction, and having been further- more informed that the hostelry in question wus situated ina court, happy in the double advantage of being situated in the vicinity of Clare Market, and closely approximating to the back of New Inn, Mr. Pickwick and Snai descended the rickotty staircase in safety, and issued forth in quest of the Magpie and Stump. This favoured tavern, sacred to the evening orgies of Mr. Lowten and his companions, was what ordinary people would designate a publichouse. That the landlord was n man of money-making turn was sufficiently testified by the fact of a small bulk-head beneath the tap-room window, in 6Ùe and shape not unlike a sedan-chair being underlet to a mender of shoes : and that he was a being of philanthropic mind was evident from tho protection afforded to a pie-man, who vended his delicacies without fear of interruption on tho vory door-step. In the lower windows, which wero decorated with curtains of a saffron hue, dangled two or'three printed curds, bearing icferenco to Devonshire o.der and Dantzic spruce ; while n large black board, announcing in white letters to an enlightened public, that there wero 500,000 barrels of double stout in the collars of the establishment, left the mind in a state of not unpleasing doubt and uncer- tainty as to tho precise direction in the bowels of the enrth in which this mighty cavern might be supposed to extend. When wo ndd, that the weather-beaten sign-board bore the half-obliterated semblance of a,magpie intently eyeing a crooked streak of brown paint, which tho neighbours had been taught from infancy to consider ns the " 3tump,''we have said all that need he said, of the exterior of the edifice. . On Mr. Pickwick's presenting himself at the bar, an elderly female emerged from behind a screen therein, and presented herself before him. "Is Mr, Lowten here, ma'am 1" enquired Mr. Pickwick. " Yes ho is, sir," replied the landlady. " Here Charley, show the gentleman in to Mr. Lowten." " The gen'l'm'n cant't go in just now," said a shambling pot-boy, with a red head, " 'eos Mr. Lowten's a singin a comic song, and he'll put him out. . He'll be done d'rectly, sir." " Tho ral-hoaded pot-boy had scarcely finished speaking, when a most unanimous hammering of tables, and jingling of glasses, announced that tho song had that instant terminated ; and Mr. Piekwick, after desiring Sam to solace himself in the tap, I snffered himself to be conducted into the presence I of Mr. Lowten, At tho announcement of " a gentleman to speak to you, sir," n puffy faced young man who filled the chair at the head of the table, looked with some surprise in the direction from whence the voico pro- ceeded : and the surprise seemed to be by no means diminished, when his eyes rested on an individual whom he had never soon before. " I beg your pardon, sir," said Mr. Pickwick " and I am very sorry to disturb the other gentle- men, too, but I come on very particular business - and if you will suffer me to detain you at this end of the room for five minutes, I shall bo vory much i obliged to you." f I ho puffy-faced young mon rose, and drawing a t chair close to Mr. Pickwick in an obscure cornor of ( tho room, listened attentively to his tale of woe. t " Ah," he said, when Mr. Pickwick had con- i eluded, " Dodson and Fogg-slurp practice their's i -capital men of business is Dodson and Fogg, sir." i Mr. Pickwick admitted the sharp practico of . Dodson and Fogg, and Lowten resumed. t .' Poikor ain't in town, und he won't be neither, t before tho end of next week ; but if you want the ti action defended, and will leave the copy with me, j I can do all that's neodful 'till he conies bock." 1 " That's exactly what 1 caine boro for," said Mr. Í Pickwick, handing over the document. " If any 1 thing particular occurs, you can write to me at the i post office, Ipswich." £ " That's all right,""ropl¡ed Mr. Perker's clerk ; i and then seeing Mr. Pickwick's eye wandering curiously towards the table, he added, " Will you join us, for half-an-hour orso?- We are capital company hero to-night. There's Samkin and .Green's managing-clerk, and Smithers and- Price's cliancory, and Finikin and Thomas's out o' door sings a capital song, he does and Jack Bamber, 1 and ever so many more. You're come out of tbp 1 country, I suppose. Would you like to join us ?" Mr. Pickwick could not resist so tempting an opportunity of studying human nature. He suf forcd hiii'self to be led to the table, where, after f having been introduced to the company in due 1 form, he was accommodated with a teat near the chaiiman, and called for a glass of his favourite beverage. A profound silence, quite contrary to Mr. Pick- wick s expectation, succeeded. " Yon don't lind this sort of thing disogrceoblo, 1 I hope, sir ?" soid his light bond neighbour, a gen- tleman in a checked shirt and Mosaic studs, with u cigar in mouth. " Not in the least," replied Mr. Pickwick, " I like it very much, although I am no smoker mysplf." " I should be very sorry to say I wasn't, ' in tei posed another gentleman on the opposite side of the table. .' It's board and lodging to me, is smoke." Mr. Pickwick glanced at the speaker, and thought that if it were washing too, it would be all the Letter. Hero there was another pause. Mr. Pickwick was a stranger, und his coming had evidently cast a damp upon the party. - _" Mr. Grundy s going to oblige the company with a song," said tho chairman. " No he ain't," snid Mr. Grundy. " Why not ?" said the ihuirmon. " Recouse I can't," said Mr. Grundy. " You bud better say you won't,'* replied the ohairman. " Well, then, I won't, retorted Mr. Grundy. Mr.GrunJy's positive refusal to gratify the com- pany, occasioned unother silence. " Won't anybody enliven us ?" said the chair mon, despondingly. "Why don't you enliven us yourself, Mr. Chairman ?" said a young mon with a whisker, a squint, and nn open shirt collar (dirty) from the bottom of the table. " Heir ! hear I " said the smoking gentleman, in the Mosaic jewellery. " Recnuso I only know one song, and I have sung it airead}', and it's a fine of 'glasses round' to sing the same song twice in a night," replied the chairman. This was an unanswerable reply, and silence pre- vailed again. " I have been to-night, gentlomon," said Mr. Pickwick, hoping to stmt a subject which all the compuny could take part in discussing, " 1 havo been to- night in a place which you all know very well, doubtless, but which I havo not been in be- fore, for some years, and know very little of ; I mean Gray's Inn, gentlemen. Curious littlo nooks in a great place, like London, these old inns aro. ' " By Jove," said the chairman, whispering across the table to Mr. Pickwick, " you have hit upon something that one of us, at least, would talk upon for over. You'll draw old Jack Ramber out ? he was never heard to talk about anything else but the Inns, and he has lived alone in them, till he's half crazy." The individual to whom Lowten alluded, was a little yellow high-shouldered man, whose counten- ance, from his habit of stooping forward when silent, Mr. Pickwick had not observed before. He wondered though, when the old man raised bis shrivelled facp, and bent his bright grey eye upon bim, with a keen inquiring look, that such remark- able features could have escaped his ottention for a moment. There was a fixed grim smile perpetually on his countenance ; he leant his dim on a long skinny hand, with nails of extraordinary length ; and as bo inclined his head to one side, and looked keenly out from beneath his rugged grey eyebrows, there "was a strange, wild slyness in his leer, quite repulsive to behold. This wos the figure that now started forward, and burst into an animated torrent of words. As this chapter has been a long one however, and as the oldman was a romai kable personage, it will be moro respectful to bim, and more convenient to us, to let bim speak for himself in a fresh one. CHAPTER XXI. In which the Old Man launches forth into his favorite theme, and relates a Story about a Queer Client. " Aha !" said the old man, a brief description of whose manner and appearance concluded the last chapter, '* Aha ! who was talking about the Inns ? " " I was, Sir," replied Mr. Pickwick-" I was observing what singular old places they are." " You ! " said the old man, contemptuously " What do you know of the time when young men shut themselves up in those lonely rooms, and rood and read, hour after hour, and night ufter night, till their reason wandered beneath their midnight studies ; till their mental powers were exhausted ; till morning's light brought no freshness or health to them ; and they sank beneath the unnatural devotion of their youthful energies to their dry old books ? Coming down to n later time, and a very different day, what do you know of tho gradual sinking beneath consumption, or the quick wasting of fever-the grand results of ' life' and dissipation-which men havo undergone in those same rooms ? How many vain pleaders for mercy, do you think have turned away heart- sick from the lawyer's office, to find a resting-place in the Thornes, or a refuge in the gaol ? They are no ordinary Iiousps, those. There is* not a pannel in the old wninscotting, but what, if it were endowed with the powers of speech and memory, could start from the wall, and tell its tale of horror \- the romance of life, sir, the romance of life. Common-place as they may seem now, I tell you they are strange old places, and I would rather hear many a legend with a terrific sounding name, than the true history of one old set of chambers." There was something so odd in the old man's sudden cnergv, and tho subject which hod colled it forth, that Mr. Pickwick was prepared with no observation in reply ; and the old mau checking his impetuosity, nnd resuming the leer, which had disappeared dining his previous excitement, said - " Look at thom in another light ; their most common-place and least romantic ; what fine places of slow torture they ore. Think of the needy man who has spent his all, beggared himself, and pinched his friends, to outer the profession, which is destined never to yield a morsel of bread to him. The waiting-the hope-the disappointment-the fear-the misery-the poverty-the blight on his hopes, and the end to his career-the suicide por haps, or better still, the shabby slip-shod drunk- ard. Am I not right about them, eli ?" And the old man rubbed his hands, and leered as if in de- light at having found nnother point of view in which to placo his favorite subject. Mr. Pickwick eyed the old mon with great curiosity, nnd the remainder of the company smiled, and looked on in silence. " Talk of your German universities," said the little o'd mau-" Pooh, pooh ! there's romonce enough at home, without coing half a mile for it ; only people never think ot it." " I »ever thought of the romance of this parti- cular subject, be ore, certainly," said Mr. Pickwick, I laughing. " To be sure you didn't," said the littlo old man, " of course not. As a friend of mine used to say to me, ' What is thare in chambers, in particular ? ' . Queer old places,' soid 1. ' Not at all,' soid he. ' Lonely,'said I. ' Not o bit of it,' said he. He died one morning of apoplexy, as he wos going to open his outer door, iell with his head in his own letter-box, and thero he l.iy for eighteen mouths. Every body thought he'd gone out of town." " And how was he found at last ? " inquired Mr. Pickwick. *. Tho benchers determined to break his door open, a3 he hadu't paid «my rent for two years. So they dill. Forcod tho lock ; and a very dusty skeleton in a bluo coat, black knee-shorts, and silks, fell forward into the arms of the porter who opened the door. Queer, thut. Rather, pei'uaps ; rather, eh?" And the little old man put his hi ad more on one side, and rubbed his hands with unspeakable glee. " I know another case," said the little old man, when his chuckles lad in some degree subsided .' It occurred in Clifford's Inn. Tenant of a top set-bad character-shut himself up in his bed- room closdt, and took a dose ofaiscnic. The stew- ard thought he had run away, opened the door, and put a bill up. Another man came, took the cham- bers, furnished them, mill, went to live there. Somehow or other lie couldn't sleep, always rest- less und uncomfortnble. ' Odd," says he. « I'll make the other room my bed-chamber, and this my sitting-room.' Ho rando the change, and slept very well at night, but suddenly found that some' how ho couldn't rend in tho evening ; he got ner vous and uncomfortable, and used to be always snuffing his candles, and staring about him. ' I can't make this out,' said he, when he carno home from the play one night, and drinUng nglnssof cold grog, with his hack to the wall, in order that he mightn't he able to fancy there was ony one behind bim-' I can't make it out,' Baid he ; and just then his pyes .rested on the little closet that had been always locked up, and a shudder ran through his whole frame from top to toe. ' I have felt this strange feeling before,' said he-. I can't help thinking thore's something wrong about that closet.' Ho made a strong effort, plucked up his courage, shivered the lock with a blow or two of the poker, opened tho door, and there sure enough, standing holt upright in the cornor, was the last tenant, with a little bottle clasped firmly in his hand, and his foco livid with the hue of a poinful death." As the little old man concluded, he looked round on the attentive faces of his wondering au- ditory with a smile of grim delight. " What strange things theso are you tell us of, Sir," said Mr. Pickwick, minutely scanning the old man's countenance, by the aid of his glasses. " Strange ! " siid the little old man-'* Non- sense ; you think them strange, because you know nothing nbout it. They ure funny, but not un- common." " Funny !" exclaimed Mr. Pickwick, involunta- rily. '" Yes, funny, are they not ?" replied the little old man, with a diabolical leer ; and then, without pausing for on answer, ho continued " I knew another man-let mo see-it's forty years ago now-who took nn old, damp, rotten set "of chambers, in one of the most ancient Inns, that had been shut up anti empty for years and years before. There was lots of old women's stories nbout the place, and it certainly was vory fur from bei'g a cheerful one ; bir ho was poor, and the rooms were cheap, and that would have been quite a sufficient reason for bim, if they had been ten times worse than they really were. Ho was obliged to take some mouldering fixtures that were on ihe place, and, among the rest, was n great lumbering wooden press for papers, with large glass doors, and a green curtain inside ; a pretty useless thing for him, for he had no papers to put in it ; and as to his clothes, he carried them about with him, and that wasn't very hard work, either. Well, he had moved in all his furniture-it wasn't quite n truck-full-and sprinkled it nbout the roijm, so as to muke the four chairs look as much like u dozen as possible, and wns sitting down be- fore the fire at night, drinking the first glass of two gallons of whiskey he had ordered on credit, won- dering whether it would over be paid for, and if so, in how many years' time, when his eyes en- countered the glass doors of the wooden press. ' Ah !' says he-* If I hadn't been obliged to toke that, ugly article nt the old bioker's valuation, I might have got somothin1.'comfortable for the money. I'll tell you what it is, old follow,' he said, speak- ing aloud to tho press, just because be had got nothing else to speak to-' If it wouldn't costmoro j to break up your old carcase, than it would.ever be worth nfterwnrds, I'd have a fire out of you, in less than no-time.' Ile hail hardly spoken the words, when a sound resembling a faint groan, appenred to issuo from the interior of tho case. It startled him at first, but thinking, on a moment's reflection, that it must be some young fellow in the next chambers, who had been dining out, he put his feet on the fender, and raised the poker to stir tho fire. At that moment, the sound was îepeated ; and one of the gla_6 doors slowly opening, disclosed a polo and emacinted figure in soiled aud worn apparel, standing erect in the press. The figure was tall and thin, and the countenance expressive of care and anxiety ; but there was something in the hue of the skin, and gaunt and unearthly appearance of the whole form, which no being of this world was ever seen to wear. ' Who aro you 1' said the now tenant, turning very pule, poising the poker in his bund, however, and taking a very decent aim at the countenance of the figure-' Who nie you ?' ' Don't throw that poker at me,' replied the form ' If you hurled it with ever so sure aim, it would pass through me, without resistance, and expend its force on the wood behind. I am a spirit.' 'Andi pray, what do you want here?' faltered the tenant« . In this room,' replied the apparition, "my worldly ruin was worked, and I and my children beggared. In this press, the papers in a long, long suit, which accumulated for years, were deposited. In this room, when I had died of grief, and long-deferred hope, two wily harpies divided tho wealth for which I had contested duringa wretched existence, und of which, at last, not one farthing was left for my unhappy descendants. I terrified them from the spot, und since that day have prowled by night -the only period at which I con re-viait the earth -about the scenes of my long-protracted misery. This apartment is mine ; leave it to me.' ' If you insist upon making your appearance here,' said the tenant, who had had time to collect his presence of mind during this prosy statement of the ghost's -' I shall give up possession with the greatest pleasure ; but I should like to ask you one ques- tion, if you w 11 allow me.' ' Say on,' said the apparition, sternly. ' Well,' said the tenant, * I don't apply tho observation personally to you, be- cause it is equally applicable to all the ghosts I ever hoard of; but it does appear to me, somewhat inconsistent, that when you have an opportunity of visiting the fairest spots of earth-for I suppose space is nothing to you-you should always return extictly to the very places where you have been most misoroblo.' ' .Egad, that's veiy true ; I never thought of that beforo,' said tho ghost. ' You see, sir,' pursued the tenant, ' this is a very uncomfort- able room. From the appearance of that press, I should be disposed to say that it is not wholly free from bugs ; and I really think you might find much moro comfortable quarters ; to say nothing of the c'imote of London, which is extremely disagree- able.' ' You aro very right, sir,'said the ghost, po- litely, ' it never struck roe till now ; I'll try change of air directly'- and, in fact, he began to vanish as bespoke; his legs indeed, had quite disappeared, ' And if, Sir,' said the tenant, calling aftor lum, lif you tt'ouM have the goodness to suggest to the other ladies and gentlemen who nro now engaged in hauuting old empty houses, that they might be much moro comfortable elsewhere, you will confer a very great benefit on society.' ' I will,' replied tlio ghost ; ' we must be dull fellows-very dull fellows, indeed ; 1 can't imagine how we can have been so stupid.' With these words, the spirit disappeared ; and what is rather remarkable," added the old man, with a shrewd look round the table, " he never carno back again." . That ain't bad. if it's true," said tlio man in the Mosaic studs, lighting a fresh cigar. " If!" exclaimed the old man, with a look of excessive contempt. " I suppose," ho added, turning to Lowten, " he'll say next, that my story nbout the queer client we had, when I was in an attorney's office, is not truo, either-I obouldn't wonder." | " I blian't venture to say anything at all about it, seoing that I never heard the story," observed the owner of the Mosaic decorations. " I wish you would repeut it, Sir," said Mr Pickwick. " Ah, do," said Lowten, " nobody bos heard it but me, and I have nearly forgotten it." The old man looked round the table, and leered moro horribly ih.in ever, us if in triumph, ot the attention which was depicted in every face. 'ITien rubbing his chin with his band, und looking up to the ceiling as if to recal the circumstances to his memory, he began as follows : j (To be continued.) 