THEATRE. On Monday evening, we witnessed the perfor- mance of a new Drama, called the "Ancestress.'' Why it was so called we are quite at a loss, but " Name's nothing — merit's all — rhubarb's rhu- barb call it what you will ;" as far as we could make out the plot (for it was difficult for us to trace it with any accuracy), we heard something of a prophecy that the son should become the destroyer of the last race of a noble house; but whatever a Spectre had to do with the piece we could not discover. It how- ever appears that Saromir (Arabin), the son of Count Barostein, when a boy, had been 'sup- posed drowned, but in reality had been stolen out of revenge by Ribald. (Collins), a young nobleman, who had been disappointed in love and the object of his affection won by Count Barostein, (Grove,) whom he married long be- fore the supposed commencement of the piece. Ribald, subsequently becomes the leader of banditti, and brings up the boy as his own son, who also in the course of time joins the band, and upon one occasion becomes the means of saving the life of Lady Alice, (Miss Winstanley,) the daughter of Count Barostein, and who afterwards proves to be his own sis- ter.) They instantly become enamoured of each other, and he is admitted as her suitor into the castle, where he is afterwards discovered and shot dead by Ribald his supposed father, but what he does there, or how he got in we could not make out. The Count and his daughter are both killed or frightened to death. A ghost enters and the drama ends. We never saw the drama itself, and therefore the representation appeared to us to be uncon- nected altogether. There was a defect some- where, but whether with the author or perform- ers we cannot say. All we can say is, that the performers did their best, and their efforts were deservedly applauded, for without any excep- tion, they all personated their various parts very respectably. Miss Winstanley shone most conspicuously in the scene where she discovers her lover to be a robber, and her sudden tran- sition from love to indignation was completely effective. Messrs. Arabin and Grove are cer- tainly intitled to much praise. Though the latter appeared a great deal too young to recon- cile us to the circumstance ot his having a "withered arm." We recommend the attend- ants to be a little more careful in future, for when Count Barostein called for a goblet, and they brought it not, he " pledged his vassals" without the drink. These little matters gene- rally pass unobserved or unheeded by our Syd- ney audiences. The box company make too liberal allowances, and the pit and gallery are not sufficient judges to observe these defects, whilst old play- goers witness them with silent disgust. Simes's personated a cow doctor, but we could not understand what use he was intended for. Simes's comedy however, is not to be laughed at. There were many scenes in the drama far above the common run of these hastily got up trifles, and told well. The laughable Interlude of Advice Gratis, next followed, and. we certainly never saw Lazar to better advantage. His acting was ini- mitable. We should however, wish to see him either as an actor or a manager, but not as both ; for no manager can attend to his duties and study besides. We think he would do best as a performer, for he requires but a few years walk through the regular drama to make him a finished actor. Collins performed well; he seems better adapted for those sort of characters than any other. The Golden Pippin closed the entertainments and gave great satisfaction. The house was well attended. Mr. Simes' Benefit will come off on Monday night next, when will be performed Shake- speare's Historical Play of Cymbeline ; which will he followed by the song of " Paddy. s Wed- ding" by Mr. Falchon, and the evening's enter- tainments concluded by Coleman's Romance and splendid Eastern Spectacle, in two Acts, entitled Blue Beard. We sincerely hope Mr. Simes may have an overflowing house, as we are convinced his exertions to please the public have been unceasing, and merit public favor. Flour. — An awful rise has taken place in the price of the " staff of life." The prices now are as follows: — First, 26s per hundred pounds; seconds, 20s ditto; and ration, 16s ditto; bran is 1s 8d per bushel. A serjeant of the 80th Regiment, we have been informed by a passenger, who arrived from Par- ramatta by the Rapid on Wednesday night last, was exceedingly violent in his conduct, & would, but for the interference of a passenger, have done considerable mischief with his unsheathed bayonet. One man's wrist was slightly scratched by the red-coat. It would do this fellow good if the Commander of the Forces would order him to be reduced to the ranks for a period. We have no doubt there are many well- educated men in the ranks, that would answer equally as well as Serjeant C-- . To put down these repeated aggressions on the part of the military, it will be necessary to speak often and loudly of their murderous pranks. " Colonel Wilson and his Constabulary." —Such is the heading of a long, partial, and consequently incorrect paragraph, as long al- most as the writer himself, in the Sydney Gazette of Thursday last. It states in its commencement that it delights " to bear testimony to Colonel Wilson's praiseworthy exertions to reduce the Police force under his command, &c.;," and at the same time, the writer is delighted to palm upon the public a column of shallow-pated nonsense, reflecting upon the worthy Colonel's treatment of a case which came under his espe- cial jurisdiction. The writer of that paragraph, (unless he be the party aggrieved,) was not in the Court at the time, but however that may be, the statement is not a fair one. It is too studied to be good— the truth in such cases will out at once, and not linger behind for sometime to accumulate false additions. The Colonel is charged with being on the day in question, rather more petulent than usual, and this cir- cumstance is supposed, by the sapient writer, to have been the cause of his great partiality, We deny the assertion. The Colonel was never in a better humour, and never so much inclined to be lenient in sentence. The Colonel's parti- ality in this case, was in our opinion, towards the gentleman, and not to the Gazette's unmiti- gated rascals, as the writer, in a "shoeless and shirtless mood," is pleased to designate our con- stabulary. The gentleman, was not instantly discharged, as the writer vainly endeavours to make his few readers believe, but was patiently heard, and a witness for the defence called. It was a " touch and go" with the gentleman, as men about the court say, and only for the good- humoured sta'e of the Colonel, it was our opinion, the gentleman would not have so easily escaped. If this gentleman courts notoriety, we will give his name with the full particulars, to the Australian world, over which our Journal traverses in thousands twice in every week. Let any intelligent individual, not knowing either by repute or otherwise, the writer of the said paragraph, or the worthy Colonel so foolishly attacked, read over their correct statement, and we should soon learn that his opinion is de- cidedly in favour of the Colonel. " Writer; before thou attempt to remove the beam from the Colonel's eye, take the mote from thine own" An Early Riser. — Between three and four o'clock a few mornings ago, a constable observed a man twisting his body into a thousand shapes in the public streets, and practising, as the old man said, " genteel comedy," in order that he might be perfect for the evening. The consta- ble set him down for drunk, and very properly thought that he could just as well perform in a cell as in the street. Rather late in the day the comedian was seen personating "Kent" in the public stocks of Sydney, The alteration in Mr. Hebblewhite's adver- tisement, headed " Twenty -seven Packages of splendid cut Glassware," came too late to be attended to in its proper place. The sale is postponed from the 11th (to-day) to Wednesday next, the 15th instant. 