THE BLESSED TURF. (From the Dublin Penny Journal.) And flies the wild report--the baseless tale-- The vague concoction of some vaguer mind-- Sounding its many tongues o'er hill and dale, The welcome herald of some woe or weal, And swifter even than the winged wind. It will be in the recollection of a greater pro- portion of our readers, that about two years since an occurrence took place, strongly marking the peculiar features of the Irish character--super- stitious fear, sudden impulse, and extraordinary excitement. I allude to what was, and now is, popularly denominated "The blessed turf;" when the entire population of a very extensive district of country, was aroused and excited to a degree exceeding belief in any other country than Ireland. It was, indeed, considered by many as a circum- stance outrivalling in romantic interest many events in the history of our isle which have ac- quired much greater celebrity; and one which pourtrayed in vivid colours that restlessness of disposition, which is so singular a trait of the Irish character--that innate wildness and volatility of mind, which ever urges the people to acts of incon- siderate, fearful rashness. In no other country, but Ireland, would a sudden impulse fire almost to distraction half her population. The spring of excitement, once touched, knows not at what point to stand still, like Mynheer von Woden- block's mysterious wooden-leg, whose wheels within wheels, and springs acting on springs, once set in motion, by its unlucky artifice, carried him with the rapidity of an arrow through towns and villages, the wilds and forests of Germany, and where still, as the story runs, it urges forward its course with whatever remains of the ingenious Dutchman's skeleton. There were people who imagined that this sud- den alarm was an expedient used by the disaffected, to ascertain in what space of time the whole nation could be aroused; others say it originated in some wag;--but certain it is, that, whoever were the promulgators--whether it had its origin in chance or premeditation--the minds of the people were fearfully excited. All yielding to the sudden im- pulse, fled hither and thither, like a herd of stricken deer; and thus it has ever been with the Irish peasantry--their ardent, impetuous feelings rush like a mountain-torrent when confined within a narrow channel. Ever alive to a touch of novelty, and snatching at every stimulant to excitement, they are often carried along the tide of some chi- merical fantasy; and not only are they carried, but they jump voluntarily and with delight into its gurgling vortex. At the period referred to, there resided in Killeshin, about two miles from Carlow, one Rory O'Rourke, at whose house all that was strange, comical, extraordinary, new, or fanciful, was re- tailed--from the most ancient tradition, to the latest news from "Lineen;" the legend of other days was canvassed, as well as the speeches in parliament; superstitious stories of ghosts, sprites, banshees, leprahauns, fairies, and witches, were told by wholesale. Every thing that was awful and terrible in ancient lore, as well as the deaths, births, and marriages, within twenty miles round-- the phantasies which swell the old tales of gossipers, and the fangled stories of modern events. Rory Oge, or young Rory, spelled out the recent pro- ductions of the press. As soon as night fell, the beaten path to Rory's house was footed by many a devourer of his an- cient traditions. The way lay through a rough and wild mountanious country, along the banks of a small, but deep ravine, through which a gurgling stream forced its way on ledges of rocks. His house was, in fact, the rendezvous of all the story- tellers or news-mongers in the parish. Every evening, Molly, the wife, trimmed her fire, and cleaned down the bob for her cronies. The cabin consisted of a kitchen and one bed-room, with a kind of cockloft over the latter, formed of hurdles plastered with clay. This was master Rory Oge's place of residence at night; but it contained more than the four bones of the bouchal. It was, in fact, quite a curiosity: there were congregated, in vast profusion, bundles of scallops, spare heads and handles of rakes, pitch-forks, lumber of every description, pots and pans past use, old irons, broken chairs, tables, tea-pots, flax, heads of cab- bage hung up for seed, nails, ropes--all the use- less paraphernalia of husbandry, and Rory Oge. The cabin was situated in a wild, romantic spot, having a still more wild and romantic people. A rivulet rushed over its pebbled course in the rear; and above frowned the barren, heath-covered brow of Knuc-na-raw mountain, with Carlow in the distance; and on the opposite side, towards the colliery, an extended sterile tract, terminated by a dimly blue mountain. Rory was, of course, well versed in the local tradition and history cf his native hills--could tell when Killeshin was "a mighty great place en- tirely" --of its courts, mansions, governors, &c.; The usual circle was nearly completed, when the latch was raised, and in stalked, shivering and shaking, Shemus Donohoe. "Why the mischief run a-huntin' wid you, for a Shemus, is id now you're comin'? Did you see a ghost--or what's comin' over you at all?" said Molly. "Yerrah, yerrah! but it's a murdherin' cowld night," said Shemus in reply--"it would skin a March hare. It's well for you, who needn't fear the cowld, an' your good selvige of fat linnin' you. Have you e'er a drop o' the raal mountain stuff?-- it's yerself hasn't yer heart in it." "Arrah, to be sure I have;" for, reader, you must know, what it would not be fair to tell the gauger, the illicit mountain-dew was not only retailed, but manufactured at her house. Shemus, seated on the hob, with the pipe in his mouth and the glass by his side, was soon in all his glory; the dudeen was so short--for an old seasoned one is always preferred--that the head alone could be seen protruding from his lips. Molly laid down her own pipe, and said, "As sure as I'm a sinner, 'twas talkin' to his sweetheart he was." "The sorra lie you tell there--I'll naver deny it. Sure the boys an' the girls will be talkin' while there is a tack o' the world together. Tare-an'- ounty, sure it's not for the bit they eat we'd be athout 'em, the crathurs, the darlins o' the world." "Will you, Rory avourneen, take a drop?" said Molly, holding over a glass to her mate. "Musha, it was an angel spoke--who'd throw it over their shoulder--(takes a deep pull.) Oh, Molly dear, it's mighty good!--ha, ha!--it's the best run we had the year." Rory was softened of course by this deep libation from the cruiskeen lawn, and consequently love was the predominant feeling in his soul. Looking with swimming eyes over at Molly, who was sitting on her hunkers, "Well, Molly," said he, "I remimber the time I was coortin' you," and he stroked back his aged locks, which were as fair as the white cliff that sheltered his door from the northern blast; "an' it's not that you're to the fore I say it, Molly asthore, but you war the purty girl, charmin' as the queen of May, the day I saw you first. I love you now as well as when, under the shade of the big spreading beech-tree at your father's house, I first pledged you my heart and soul, and devoted myself to your sarvice for ever more." The big tears chased each other down his cheeks, as the remembrance of his first and youthful love, shone in upon his aged faculties. Molly took the compliment as it was intended, but ascribed it to the all-powerful poteen. He wiped away the tears, the fond effusion of a loving soul, with the tail of his coat, and proceeded-- "There wasn't a droller boy then in the seven counties than I was—but no matter now, it's all past and gone. Did yees ever hear tell of Moran, the murdered pedlar, that haunts the road above." "Yes;" said all, "but we wish to hear it agin." "My name is not Rory O'Rourke, if he didn't cross me more than once in my time. To make a long story short--he was murdered, an' robbed, an' kilt, and his ghost appears. I was coming from Carlow one night, 'twixt twelve and one, when the baste that carried me stopped short, for brute bastes can see a ghost. Out of that she wouldn't stir a peg. I crossed myself, bekase I knew there was danger. I lit, and looked over her left shoulder, and there he was, a black man lying across the road. An' what does I do, well becomes me--But what's this?--who thunders down the road as if the ould boy was at his heels? Asy, we'll soon know." The horseman stopped at the door, and flinging himself off, rapped with violence with his whip. Rory flew to open it. "Did you git the blessed turf yit?" asked the stranger, in a great fright. "What blessed turf?" "Oh, sure there's fire an' brimstone raining down on the Queen's County, and the only pro- tection you have is to keep this lightin'; and run and serve three houses before you stop." "Oh, may the heaven save you that brought it, thin," said Molly. "Arrah, thin, Molly darlint, you needn't thank me--it was to save myself I did it; and I have to go to two houses more yet--farewell!" and off he dashed. All was now consternation in the house of Rory O'Rourke. "Rory, avournoen," said Molly, "will you run to sarve the three houses. Oh! but you're too late--that sthranger has gone to the neighbours, and they're off before this to all the other houses, and there won't be one left for us. Millia murdher, we're lost for ever!" She wept loudly, and wrung her hands in distraction. "Run, run, Rory acushla \--run! I'll go up the hill, and do you go some other way." "Ay, an' give me a scrumskin, too, to fetch home, and save my own little cabin," said Shemus. Thus was the strange rumour spread. In all di- rections persons might be seen running for life or death, with terror in their countenances, panting and blowing--some barefooted, others half dressed \--some with one shoe off, the other on--others with a breeches and shirt only, head and legs bare--and some again almost in a state of nudity carry- ing in their hands a sod of turf, which they occa- sionally blew, lest the spark should become extinct. When miles sometimes intervened between each house, it would be impossible to picture all the disasters which befel them, thus skelping over ditches and hedges, bogs and swamps in the dead of night. It was the only preservation, they imagined, against the destructive fire which they expected would descend every moment from heaven on their devoted heads. Even next morning, many an old man or woman, still searching for a house which had not as yet been blessed with the spark, might be observed wending their way up a mountain road, whose rugged acclivities, rocks, glens, and clumps of trees, woods, and bogs, would cause one to suppose that the original projectors of it had taken as their guide the tortuous windings of an eel.* But let us return to the little story-teller of the mountain. Shemus set out with fire in his eyes, and a sparkling sod of turf in his hand, across the field. As he darted forward on his moorles track, the darkness of night gloomed around, and seemed even more murky from the contrast of the light with which he had recently been surrounded. The rude scene, through which he passed, the winding defiles, the undulated surface, the heights above crowned by furze, and bushes, and frowning rocks, from which the birds of night started in affright, screaming and crying with alarm, the mountain stream brawling in its deep, precipitous bed, the shrill gusts of wind which moaned amid the brush- wood and over rock and glen, the heavy fall of rain \--all, all scowled upon him, and rendered his way one of gloom and horror. He endeavoured to steel his breast against the terrors which he was doomed to encounter--the world of ghosts which his fertile imagination con- jured up, and with which he tenanted every rock and bush--it was the only fear that could affect his manly, adamantine breast. His heart quickly pro- pelled its crimson current--his elastic step scarce touched the ground. He looked around, and in a tree with two immense arms, imagined he beheld the gigantic skeleton figure of a spirit, with up- lifted arms stretching into the clouds, preparatory to seizing him within its mighty grasp, and hurling him he know not where. He was convinced the ghost of old Moran the pedlar stood before him. Shemus inwardly muttered his prayers, and with eyes steadily fixed, hair erect, and glaring eye-balls starting from their sockets, approached the appari- tion, and, more dead than alive, gathered himself up to question it. In a voice raised by terror be- yound its natural pitch, he used the following so- lemn invocation:-- "In the name of all the blessed saints in heaven, who or what are you? Tell me can I do any thing for you? Don't lay the point o' your finger on me! What brought you across me to night? Speak, why don't you?" To which hurried interrogation the spectre an- swered only by a doleful moan, as the wind whistled through its leafless branches. He was about to exorcise, and lay it on the shores of the Red Sea, when a blast came sweeping from the mountains, which, coming in contact with the tree, bent it to- wards him. Shemus shrunk from what he imagined its intended embrace; and as it yielded, he saw the withered arms of the woody monster, and was un- deceived. But he had yet to pass the church-yard. This was the touch-stone of his courage: but it must be passed. As he came up to the burial-ground, his respira- tion became almost stifled. He feared to breathe, lest he should arouse the sleeping dead. He as- cended a height which overlooked the burial- ground, and gazed about him. The moon brilliantly lit the graves, and shone on the cold tomb-stones. He reflected awhile, and thoughts to this effect shot across his mind:--Should the last trumpet sound, and the graves cast forth their dead--the world shake and totter on its basis--what a scene would meet his eye--the huddled and congregated dust and bones of ages and generations passed away, rumbling and mingling in the act of resur- rection. His thoughts became absorbed in the notion--his imagination, aided by the silent still- ness of the hour, became fired, his fancy worked up. At that moment, the long winding notes of a horn, re-echoed by a thousand tongues, fell with an alarming effect on his ear, almost snatching from him the remnant of his reason. It was an anxious and awful presage. His train of thought was favourable to the idea. The dread certainty flashed across his mind, that the last and awful day was come, when time would be no more. He was like one petrified--he stood aghast. He expected every moment to see the dead arise, and feel the earth quake. But his excited imagination soon raised from their clayey tombs the inmates of the church- yard, and peopled the ground with its skeleton occupants. He saw with the mental eye the indistinct mass assume a shape. Then he thought he heard a rustling of bones. He became quite certain that all nature was about to dissolve into its original nothing--its primitive chaos--that all, all, and his colleen Debby, with the rest, were about to be swallowed up in the gulf of eter- nity. Then he saw a sprite dart with unearthly swiftness over the mossy tombs, with bare legs, preternatural demeanour, dishevelled hair, bearing in his hands, and tossing high in air, a feathery like substance, whom Shemus, of course, set down as an inmate of the grave, loosed from his clay prison, and who was scattering to the winds his his shroud. It was a curious coincidence; and all concurring--the trumpet, the spectre--he gave himself up for lost, and had nearly fallen senseless on the ground. Recovering, he fled with precipi- tation, still of opinion that the final demolition of all creation was about to be completed; and the vengeance of heaven coming in the form of "raining fire," confirmed him still more in that belief. But now his only, his last chance of safety rested in the little spark of fire which had fallen from his hand on the grass, and which the breeze of the hill had fanned into a flame. He eagerly snatched it up, and running with speed, deposited a portion of it in his own house "for loock;" and then, with the blessing of his old mother, given in tho shape of an old shoe cast after him, he pro- ceeded in search of the other three houses, and he had travelled six or seven miles before he could find the necessary number unsupplied. As he returned, he met an old man struggling on with the "blessed turf," and asked him if he had been successful. "Oh, yeah aroune!" said the old man, "the life will start out of me afore I do that, I'm thinkin'. Didyerself?" "An' sure enough, avourneen, it's myself that did? When was I lame or lazy when I should be on my limbs? But what do you think--is the ind of tho world comin'?" Avick machree, I dunna." "Faix, an' I'm not so. I know right well it is, for I saw a man risin' from the grave, an' I thought I hard the last trumpet." "Tut, you omodhawn, it was the crackt man in the grave you saw, an' sorra one else." This was the fact; and Shemus had heard the bugle blast, which so often resounded at night through the country, raised by the followers of Captain Rock from their telegraphs, as they sounded their gathering note, or tocsin of alarm. And it was a maniac who took up his abode among the tombs of the dead, that personified the spirit to Shemus's terrified eyes. It was his ghost-like figure he had seen amid the ruins; and the badge * The real cause of the abruptness and crooked- ness of old roads probably is, when first repaired, thoir projectors followed the beaten footpaths of their fathers through the woods, or perhaps the track of the red deer or wolves; land becoming valuable, these woods retained all their original in- tricacies, as the proprietors on each side were un- willing to have inroads made on their property. he bore was a garland plucked from a recent grave, which was decked with wreaths of flowers, where a youth or maiden had been lately laid. Molly set sail up the mountain, spreading her canvass to the breeze, and an ample resistance she offered to its wild career, for so swaddled was she in the complicated folds and twistings of flannels, bands, and stockings, that scarce a trace of the human face divine could be recognized. The only adventure Molly met with was one; but it was of a decided character. As she trudged along the ridge of the hill, her hands and arms muffled in her capacious cloak, she was tripped up by some briars, and sent reeling to the bottom, where her own house stopped her further progress. So her good genius thus saved her neck from being broken over some precipitous declivity, or being hurled headlong into some yawning river. When she re-assumed her upright position, the first thing she did was to ascertain whether her pipe had been broken, but, fortunately, it had not. The poor old man did not succeed so well, for the anxiety he had for his soul's welfare prompted him to use every exertion to perform the stipulated requisites. After running a mile he came to a house, and knocking furiously at the door, de- manded instant admittance. This was refused him. He then roared out from without-- "Have yees the blessed turf?" "Yes, thank God, I am after gettin' it, and have served three houses." "Murdher, an' thundher-an'-turf, what'll become of me? Do you know any one didn't get it?--the spark is jist out." "Not one, avourneen--God help you!" "What'll I do! What'll become of me! I'm done for ever if the sod goes out not a mother's soul to help or assist me!" and tearing his hair in an agony of grief and despair, he skelped away again for another half mile, and espied a cabin by the light peering through a chink in the wall. Out of breath, and gasping, he greeted them with, "God save all here." "And you, too--what's amiss with you." "Oh, enough, arone!--did you hear of the fire raining down from heaven?" This produced a general panic and consternation. "No, acushla! What fire?" "Nor the blessed turf?" "Not a taste of it." "Well, praises be to heaven for that same, I have one house any way! Take that spark, and kindle a sod of turf wid it, and lave it in the grate, an' thin go an' do the same in three houses." "What'll I do if it goes out?" "You'll be ruinated. I'll be off to two houses more--is there e'er a one near me." "There is; but as I'm an ould man, lave that to me." "Faix, I'll do no such thing, for I'm another." He bolted again. The man inside came out, tied his garter round his horse's head, and set out in pursuit of Rory, in order to be at the house before him. He soon gained on the weary old man, and passed him; but Rory seized the horse's long flying tail, and kept up to him. The other did his best to shake him off in vain. "For the tendher mercy of heaven let my ould beast go." "Never till I die," responded Rory cou- rageously. However, he trembled, and let slip his hold. The man left him sprawling on the road, served the three houses; and was on his return when he met Rory. "Well now," said the latter, "as I was the manes of saving you an' yours, will you lend me the loan of that baste to go to the next town, as I know there is little use to look for any houses nearer. The man consented. Rory mounted, and flew away to Carlow. As he entered the town he shouted out--"The blessed turf--the blessed turf!" All was uproar in a few minutes--it spread through the town like wild fire. He served three houses, and then saw their owners depart to do the same, like incarcerated fiends let loose, running with a scrumshin of an ignited sod in the bottom of a saucepan or gallon, to save their houses from the desolating vengeance of enraged heaven. 