The Seamen's Act. The summary jurisdiction cases, in rela tion to seamen, which have occupied so much of the public time of late, have done very little, by the -judgments passed on each of them, to alleviate the evils under which, our seafaring friends labor; and which may be attributed, we may say solely, to the inefficacy of the Act relating to such matters in this Colony. As such fad must have been known to the framer of our Colonial Laws — the Attorney-General — is it not surprising that something was not done during the past Sessions, to concoct a Bill whereby the commerce of our important port would have been better protected, if that supposed Bill had passed into law P So long as the present absurd Act is unprofitable to the intent for which it was framed and adopted by our wise rulers, just so long may our Commerce suffer more or less by its remaining unabolished, or without considerable alterations and modi fications. A law for the punishment of persons acting as " crimps" would be ad visable ; for they are the medium by which our commerce is at present injured. But to make the law in respect to merchant seamen more complete or effectual, a fine should be inflicted upon captains for receiv ing men without a pass or discharge signed by a magistrate and the seamen's lormer captain thus would Commerce be pro tected, and runaway seamen be brought to justice i — the "crimps" would then turn their attention to honest and honorable em ployment, the captains and sailors would be obliged to be better men. As the Act, in all its imperfectness, at present stands, there is plenty of law, but very little justice, for either captain, officers, or men ; and therefore, our Police Court, is every day the resort of either one or the other of the parties above referred to, mak ing complaints, for which there is at pre sent little or no remedy. Royal Victoria Theatre. — 'This Theatre opened on Saturday night, with Shakspeave's Tragedy of Humlet, Mr, Knowles making his first appearance in that arduous character. It was most injudicious lor him to select the character ol Hamlet for his first ryght, as there cannot be found in the whole routine of the regular drama, a character more difficult to personate or shew the perfections or imperfections of the actor. If a performer can get through Ham let respectably, it is considered not to be a failure, but if he aims at celebrity it re quires much more study. The character is unusually long. W e see Hamlet in almost : every sceue, and .unless he be an actor of some experience, he is most likely to break, down in his best scenes, which are in the" two last acts. Mr. Knowles, however, did not altogether fail, but he made nothing of the character. His performance was at times tame and uninteresting, aud lie failed to make those points which always draw down thunders of applause. We certainly expected more of Mr. K. and consider that . his visit to London has not improved him : , as a tragedian, — whatever his walks may have donefor him|in the comic line, in which he always excelled. A first appearance for a space of two years may operate much in extenuatiQii. Mr. Grove did not appear in consequence of a sudden attack of apoplexy, and Mr. Lazar read his character which very much marred the piece.- The Poloni- ons of Fenton was well conceived and as well personated, and Meredith's Grave Digger was excellent. Spencer's Ghost was but so so. The new drop scene by Fitchett and Strong, was not sufficiently deep in coloring to give it the necessary effect, we cotild scarcely perceive the differ ence of the water from the land. The ' grass was of a bright green, very unusual in those climates, and the hills in the per spective of a sandy-like colour. We ob- ! served one or two well painted new scenes. Mr. Dean and his talented family in the . orchestra were missed, the performances were any thing hut effective, -and the selec tions very inappropriate. The house was very numerously and respectably attended, with the exception of a few gentlemen in the upper circle who had paid a visit not to see, hear, or judge of the performance, but pur posely to create a disturbance. The names of these gentlemen are known, and if they repeat such conduct, we shall publish them, in order that Mr. Wyattmay give directions for their exclusion. Luke the Labourer was presented to'a very respectable audience on Monday evening; Mr. Knowles performed the arduous cha racter of Luke, in which he fully re established himself as an actor of. considerable merit. It was nothing inferior to his per sonation of the part before he quitted us; hut Mr. Knowles has yet to learn that he has not the exact compass of the Theatre. Iu t ie old house, the sound was excellent, whilst quite the reverse is the case in the new Theatre — it requires almost a stentorian voice to be distinctly heard. Mrs. Knowles appeared as Jenny, and was greeted by long and loud shouts of applause, which she re ceived with eveiy demonstration of gratitude. In her acting we found great delight, and we shall soon forget Mrs. Taylor, in so able a substitute as Mrs. Knowles; hut in the character of Dame Wgkefield, we felt the loss of Mrs. Larra exceedingly. Mrs. Cameron, though an actress of great merit, is totally unfitted for old women. Miss Win- stanley was very interesting, and Falchon, as Philip, met with deserved applause; he was the true sailor, and fought his way as a true British tar should do — we consider Mr. Falchon in a very improving state; we never saw Simmons to better advantage, and if he would but condescend to allow old experienced theatricals to know things as well as himself — he would in future confine himself to comedy, and leave the higher walks of the drama for others " to fret their hour on the stage." We are sorry to be obliged to waste pen and paper on the clumsy scene shifters again » they made two very distressing mistakes to the great confusion of the performers. The frequent notice which we have taken of their awkwardness, ought to have taught them better, if they bad any brains at all. 