OriginalithrrtýII~xeýs p li>C [CON'INVfED.] MR. EDWARD I-AWKSLEY'S REPLY -O O.THE REV. WM. V'INTYR'E AM. .TO.THE EDITOR O-TH:EC00LONIST. 'Friday, November 23, 1838. -DiA: SxI,-The promised r~ily to MIr. M'In ·tyre's pamphlet, ini which t.he-idolarous worship -of the wiafer' deity is 'so ably dissected ,annd ex posed, has appeared, and. I hail -its appearance -with more than ordinary pleasure, asi am not Quixotic enough to feel .content with fighting -shadows. This reply may'be looked 'upon as the " avant courier" of the threatened. weekly paper. I do rot intend in. this letter to undertake a -review of Mr.'Hawksley's production, becautse by so doing I should be unjustly int'rfering with 1Mr.-M'Intyre's privilege. Mr. Hawksley must excuse me if, frtom .want .-of sufficient faith, I -object to giving him the credit of beinr the -real author of the " Reply." Not on account of its cleverness, or depth of -reasoning-Mr.-Hawksley is, fdr all I. known to Sthe contrary, both a clever :man» td a powerful 'reasoner. The-style of the pamphlet savours strongly of Maynooth; it is coarse in the extreme, with a clumsy attempt at flippancy; and, .n`s -far-as the argument-is concerned, it amounts in.substance to nothing more than has been:advanced a thou sand times; and truly does:its author:say, !? The Catholic writer is -like a horse in .a mill, con-: Sdemned 'to travel over and- over the same path which all his predecessors have trodden." :-[ might say, ".I thank' thee, Jew," &c.;, a better Ssimile could not have been adopted." If.the horse is not naturally blind,- he is blinded, at least.his 'eyes are covered so as to prevent him from seeing the oath he is treading.' The defenders of Romanism, if cansciencious, . are. mentally blind; if otherwise,. they snbmit to being blinded, in obedience to their interests, in either case they are blind, so that :I conceive the Catholic writer's siniffe is' well chosen. 'Mr. :Hawksley has done me the honour to notice a -letter of mine, which appeared ini Ta-- Co?ioiisT. 'of'the 3rd November, and, wi/h-a-happy com posure, compares ;my -argument-- o-that -of Tom <aine. The simple difference. :between Tom Paine's argument and mine, amounts 'to this 'Paine seekp to destroy abelief in Christ.as God, -and I endeavour to rescue, as far as I am able, 'the Lord Jcuis Christ from the impious degrada -tion to whichlRomanish idolatry consigns him. -In the Christian faith there.is nothing repug -pnant to sense ,every particleiifI maysbe allowed -the expression, is an appeal to reason. ? Yes, Sir, -the doctrine of the Trinity itself appeals to reason as ani. vidence ini its "favodi'r. 'Did reason reject ts, our faiith-in the doctrine bouild loly iesemble that faith which the 'Atheniai'shiad in a Supreme .Being, whom they" igoriantly"'wors~hipped. A -belief in the real presence derives 'no strength from the arguments urged in favour of a belief in the Tri-unity of the'Godihead-there. is no analogy. The doctrine of the r.eal presence is revolting to sense. The consecrated wafer, according to Popish theologists, becomes the real-body, blood, -soul, and divinity, of Jesus Christ, :and .'those who really believe -in this. doctrine are .guilty of; -cannibalism every time they receive-the wafer into' 'their mouths, for it is never:to be :lost sight -of; -that Jesus Christ was -very man, as well 'as 'very God. In niote 3, the writer says, "We -know nothingi -of the manner or mode of the presence of 'dcir :Saviour in the blessed eucarist; hisi pesence; t erein is marde- ,known to ups ly faith,"; 'd by faith'oty." - -'The aipostle's efinaitiaof ;farJith is~ S-" that is the viden? e of.thi.ngsuot;iseen"' bui yet believed in and relied upon; bImu t.still there is an evidence, Abraham's faithwas accounted righteous because he believed- in that whicih :he:had idit seen with mortal eye--but Abraham's-fiith Iwas the result, nevertheless, of reason, evidence wi.'s vouchsafed fo-him; and'his rea~son could not,.and w~ui'd'?oi, allow him' toieject.that evidefice.' Faith is not ;a 'primary princile.' 'A 'certain ,stateren-is-mate;-, its claims -To -cred iare-then sifted'and ex;itirniied, aint'ifthe' title to i~redence is clear and manifest- it is received, I readily adumit:that' the;doctrine of:the; Trini.y caunot. he reduced to the laws of materialism, lut there is,i nevertheles,:abundant of aevidence to enable us. -to conceive the :possibility of its re~al -existence, d:f.nature too clear to be · bjected t6b. a~sjncere .niprejudiced enquirer :aftler truth.' But fo" thej real corporeal presence. bf he Lord Jesus Christ ina bit of paste, oyer which: a'flible mpyrtall matters a few inarticulate sinds, thereis ino ,evidence ' " ' Theyasags ii(Scriptejuoted by the sapient -:author of thel" Reply" have -no ?legitimate re-i ference( to he car iibal doetrifie of the'Real Pre sence. If these passag?s be not received in a! spiritual -seise they have no meaning whatever. JD the 51st verse'of 4ihe vi. John, it is writtein' .. Is am the .living bread :which came do0in from Heaven;,ifianymani:eat ,of ithis bread, he shall live for ever; and thebread thatI. iil givke is my flesh, which I will ,gie f'or ohe life of the world." - " ' " ' Tl.e .Kingdom ofC,~9d a ir.itpual Kingdom 1e1sh arind Nild cnoinheAaop t iithat in~gqae The religion :of the Bible ieachies us to believe that we are by nature the' slaves of sin, and that nnuil our nature is thoroughly changed by rege neration, that we have neither part nor lot in the kingdom of heaven. Itis thepeculiar-office ofGod the Holy Ghost, to bring this conviction home to the heart-to" the ;understanding-and when ttirough the 'medium of our .understanding we -iive been ehable.d to .petceive how .thoroughly -nitlkd we are of those graies whichi are.ieecessarvy to our~'"iri7iiil =life-iii ihe potent nuasi ge of metaphor- hunger and .ibiist' takes: possession ofi tlie soul,-andl:.as..the diseaee'is-ipiritual-so is thel aijtidote. We huinger .fo ::spiritual fooQ ,:and thirst.after ..spjrit.ua drink, thus nindeld Mwe lay hold of revelatio.. And "revelation ;.points: out .to:us,a living fountain in the persoi: of a crucifiedl a?ad :risen Saviour--hungry: ad: thirstiy we flee to this fountain, and obui. souls 4feed upon the suare.promises ofChrist-- andour parched souls may be said to -drink `deeply from tli friiontaii qf His redeeming love. I presume it must be known to the auithor of Se 4Reily" the htt e aot metaphorical lan guage is peculiar to KAsiatics to this iour, even in. their ordinary conversations. O ur aviouirr was adsdressing a people acct?storned. to :metaphor-= what is thelanguage-fie.OldTestament---is it riot metaphlorical from beginning to end, I mean. the piophetic.portiois ;oficorse. In the -sae chapter, ?erse :57.--our -T-Sahiuidur ys-" ' He that. eateth my dieslh, and .drinketh any blood abideth tn me and I in .hiint" IDoe-si ihauthor: of. the Reply pretend (o say _that ;,or i-.v.dour intnded these ords .prospecueyly,3iqr it:i must, be' borne .in. mind that is hur. had not . then arrived.. And the commemorative ianstitution pof the Last Supper was.not'ordainediuntil tw6:years '.fter. ,What-then. became of'those who received. the doctrines -preached by .Christ,. but -who died before the institution 'of the saciamerit ? They of all men must have been most miserable. Firmly convinced. of.the tnecessity of feedling upon the. body and blood `of the Lord J`esus-and yet unable to-obtain even a bite, or 'a drink-?-or in stance, 'Johii the? 'iptist was ,beheaded "some titne hefore his a tl s pciiuciftiion; .iand it is not presuming top much, -tog.suppose?.lat out.of tie mrnay ,w.o heard .anfd ~hbelietedJpn :Jesus, that some 9f.them;djed ;also, before urSia?iour's-cru-i :ifiiion, :But ,why:.aaste 'words.the .doctrine' bf, the real.presence, viewed in whatever light it: nmayj-bears itpon its' -very surface f its:own dcon; tradition. ' As it. is quite clear that the author of the 'Reply' ha s acces..to ibe recodTds oif divine truth, I Aenture to"'express a liope that whether he is naiiurally-or a:ffecteilly 'bliiid, tialit he may yet live to .see thl enevitable'conseqiuence of wresting scripture -to his' own' -ondemnatiori and' learn that' the risen and glorified Saviour, can neither be' eten by. .mouse or.otier anrhimal ?be'blj n ? '?bf y a breath of,winrd, nor sub ect'tO impisonment ,Jri the stomach ..of ,either priest or ,layman. .And,I.beg. further ;to assure him, that whatever: fiults I may have--fulsorme ddulation is.as foreign ~o my niature, as the doc: 'trine of the~realpresence is to revealed truth. ' For the present, I remaiin, Your:faithfdl 'servant, G.?; W-W.R. 