THE ROYAL, VICTORIA THEATRE Opened on Saturday evening, and proceedings commenced by the chief part of the company being assembled on the stage, like good and liege sub iectn. to nour forth their strains of lovaltv in the national anthem — an offering wbicb the nomen clature of their establishment alone would demand. The curtain rote to an audience comparatively scanty to what might have been expected, t being the first night of the season and from the re turn of an old fuvourite, Mr Knonles. Towards half price, and afterwards, however, the house presented a tolerably good nuditory. The play was Hamlet, selected, doubtless, by the manager, with the sanction of Mr Knowlcs, as being the part in which the latter gentleman, would most efficiently acquit himself. Whether Hamlet is the character, which, in all Mr Knowlcs's range, he is most successful in, is not now necessary to enquire ; if, however, we were to pronounce an opinion, we should incline to determine in favour of Luke the Labourer. The reception given to Mr Knowles by the audience was as warm and enthusiastic, as he or his best friends could de sire it. It is therefore not unreasonabla to think thnt the intensity of his gratitude in some degree weakened his energies during the performance of tlie evening. There were certainly several traits of good acting, and many of the salient points of the character were effectually brought out by him. It also must be admitted there were many good points which were either overlooked or not handled with that skill of which they are sus ceptible. We would draw this actor's attention to a self-inspection of the mode in which he delivers his soliliquies. We allow this to be the most difficult part of the business of an actor. A soliliquy it, as its name imports, a selfcom munion, an abstraction of thought, in which the lips, for scenic purposes, are made the agent of communication to the audience ; but the actor in his mode and manner is not to be the less ab stracted on that account. Actors are apt on these occasions to address the audience, in a style of declamation, delivering n set speech. It requires no very great talent or learning to dis cover that this is not in the nature of things. We feel assured that with such an actor us Mr Knowles, this defect requires, for its remedy, only to be pointed out to him. We have no de fiire to look with a microscopic eye on this his first re-ttppearance, but we think that in his per sonation of Hamlet, n higher degree of dignity, and more philosophic bearing, than he exhibited belonged to thf character of Hamlet. We are not ignorant of the difficulty that besets this character, a difficulty which it has fallen to the lot of only one or two first rate actors to over come, but we desire to sec every effort ramie, to make the nearest approaches to it. Mr Knuwlci's ' stags- wulk.' «( .certainly think might lie amended ( piirtii-ulurly in Hamlet): his pares are too short mil somewhat stiff. The interview with the Que ?/ was good, indeed, the smartest piee.e ill' acting throughout the whole. A.II the suliliquies, ami the grave-«-ctme, were tile mo-t deficient. Taken as u whole, it may be deemed a very fair pie-:e of ai:ttng. MrKnuwles is cur t.imly this best elocutionist we have, and any part which he may undertake, will at all events lie done tespectubiy. Luene-, in the hands of Mr Simmons certainly did Rot surpass medio crity ; it is a character indeed nut precisely suited to that gentleman's particular line. It is not sumuieutly humorous, nor sufficiently melo-dramatii:, to unable him to exhibit bis undoubted talent in the mo-t favourable: poiut of view. Ilow happened it that he leaped from out the grnve to wrestle with Hamlet ; was it the bitterness of his wrath, or the pui^nnncy of his anguish, for he surely cannot but know, thnt he should have remained in the grave, and that the struggle should have taken placa there r Perhaps, tho', this is an improvement in the acting part of Hamlet, if so, -we are silent. In speaking of Mr Sinimons's Laerlet, it is only justice to him to say, that he appeared to labour very severely from the effects of sold, wlricli not only effected him in his voice, but may in other respect have indisposed him — we hope it is gone by this time. Mr Grove who was to play the A'iiie having been taken ill atrehersal in the morning. Mr Lnzar undertook to read the part. We. certainly could not have believed that any man could have read any part of Shnk speare so contemptibly. We cannot understand what feelings a mun can have, who can be so in sensible to the effects, that the sentiment em bodied in all and every thing Shaksperinti are naturally calculated to produce. However, in the lnnguage of that play, it seems that there are more things in Heaven and Earth than are dre:imt of in our philosophy. MrArabin wns an indifferent representation of Horatio. There was a tame .jss, and even a frigidness about him, which entirely divested the character of the little interest it possesses. Mr Fen tun quite misunder stood Holoilius He represents him as a vulgar, twaddling, supernnuated old fool — he is ao such thing. Pnlo'iiiii is a weak, meddling, loquncious old -nnn, but he is 11 man of rank-, and still bears the impress of a gentleman. Mr Spencer, who played the Ghost, was not ghostly enough. His voice was far too earthly, and hvs speeches were delivered too fust. Mrs Cameron's repre sentation of the Queen Mother was much to our satisfaction. Ophelia was sustained by Miss Win stanley with tolerable success, although there is a very great drawback in her personution of this character, in the circumstance of her not being a singer. The strains in this chararter throw a peculiar charm over Uphrlin, and considerably enhance the sympathy for her mournful condi tion. From the outset, Miss WinsUnley was too gay — Ophelia in her happiest moments, is cheerful, but not jaunty — forced smiles are by no means necessary to indicate contentment or happiness. This young lady is a promising actress, and possessing talent, we desire to see her exercise it with justice to herself. She, as indeed every actor, must bear in mind, that a right personification of any character, however humble, can be attained only by means of careful mii diligent study. The tragedy throughout the whole was exceedingly well received, a feeling xe were right glad to see A little trifle called thitchelors Buttons was played to dispel the gloom lli'it Humlet might have lelt. It was us interest ing as Mrs Cameron, Messrs Simes ami Arabin :ouid make it — which is saying a great tlent for :he performers, when it is recollected hoir little :ould be suid for the piece itself. Tlie Ivate has returned from Port Phillip, and we regret to state that she brings no tidings of the fiaruh. We hnve every reason to anticipate the loss of this ill-futed vessel and twenty-six living souls. A JPhilanthrojiic Constable. — A few nights back, an immigrant, lately arrived, ap plied to a constable, on his beat, fur informa tion where he could procure a night's lodging. He appeared before the stuff-nftfeer without a coat, sober — and the night ueiti£ very chilly, the constable with a feeling which did credit to him ns a man, volunteered the loan of his upper coat to keep out the night nir, as I here ivas no house open. It happened, however, that in the trans fer of the upper coat, the good-natured watch man also transferred a very important part of his appendages, namely, his rnttle. which happened to be in the pocket, and with which the emigrant wulkcd ofl'. The gentleman of the staff hap pened shortly after this rencontre, to require tlie assistance of his telegraph, which he then re collected had been bestowed with the coat to the destitute, nnd he was thus by an act of benevo lence, nearly deprived of his situation. The un fortunate wight with the cont wns housed in the watch-house by a less friendly disposed consta ble, nnd the whole matter came out before the bench, when the coat nnd rattle were restored to the owner, who received a salutary caution, com mixed with applause for his kindly feeling. A notorious character, and a man who has been at large ' for no less a time than seven years, was captured by Chief Constable Mitchell, on Friday evening, whilst enjoying himself with his usual assurance, in the house of a man better known than trusted, under the title of Pmldington Jack. The runaway has been at large from the service of Mr Burret, of the Paterson, since 1SU, and his escape from detection, and the oflf-liund way in which he hits procured a subsistence, Epeak highly of his activity and tact in the transfer system. Scan. Mag. and the ' Felonry.' — Mr Wilson's third book sale this season took place on Friday evening last. The announcement combined with the catalogue, drew numbers to the mart. Among tho company, wo observed, many persons who are known to be the enviable possessors of ' rank and talent.' There were also there, a very fair sprinkling of gentlemen belonging (and some who did belong) to the honourable profession of arms, many of the legal gentry, and several of the unpaid magistracy, were also in attendance. The books in general sold well, they were nil, or nearly, upon every sub ject; one book in particular caused a great ex citement, during the time the biddings were at the highest ratio, nnd every purchaser proud of the stock of knowledge he purchased for fifteen pence. The auctioneer unobserved to the mul titude, -with a very mysterious nir, drew forth from a recess, a book which he pronounced to be the celebrated Felonry. The bustle that pre vailed in the assembly and the eager counte nances to take a glance at this ' highly ta lented production,' could only be pourtrayed by the pencilof Hogarth. The competition in bidding was great to an extravagant extent. The lovers of scandal were determined to hazard all they were worth to become the owner of such ' a vast fund of useful information,' nnd after the auctioneer was well fatigued by the number of bids, he received — he suddenly knocked it down for the sum of twelve shillings, beiiig one hundred per cent more than cost price, to — ' the Great Unknown.' Freemasonry. — We understand that on bourd the Mandarin, the festival of St. John was celebrated, ns fur (as circumstances would permit,) by twelve Brethren of the order, who came out as passengers by her. We are huppy to record the incident, nnd we enrnestly hopi- that the Brethren, both on sea and lund, will not be neglectful of their masonic duties to the craft, and will ever make it their constant »tudr to promote benevolence and kindness wherever they have an opportunity of cluing su. A. Mechanic's Las1-! — Some few evenings since, nt the Musical Class, which is now forming nt the Mechanic's School of Arts, a discussion took place relative to its arrange ments nnd the instruments that were to be allowed to be pluycd, at the theatre of the es tablishment. Mr Wyndcyer, Jun. having oc casion to reply on the subject under discussion and in answer to one of the member's said, ' ruppose sir, I wish to play nn Hie Jew's harp, how then would the case stand j' to which the humble mechanic replied, ' sir, it would not be the first time you have harped uguinst the Jews.' The little barrister looked like' one of the fallen race of Israel.' ——Vorresyoniitnt. Buiihraiuier.j. — Extr.-ict of a ieUt-r from O'Cunneil f'Jains, Dumber IU, 1833.— ?? We had a visit from tlie /mujlast evening at hilf-pust seven, 1 was not nt homr, the rascnls broke open all my drawers, I browing ull my papers, letters, and clothe.- in the greatest cant'usiun irrm^inablc ubuut my bed- room, nuue o: tlie latter however were taken away as they said their object wns money only, but iu this thev were disappointed, as there was none in the hna*e. with the ex ception of a few shillings in the till. They took my gun, and niter rummaging and ransacking the huuse, ordered Ned to saddle Jaclc, (which I hud sent home for tlie purpose of feeding, &c.;) One of the blackguards then mounted him, but master Jack not fancying- a new master, imme diately on mounting, threw him, and cut his stick, remaining in the bush all that night, or I might not have had a horse to ride for some time; it seems rather extraordinary that the horse should attempt to throw the fellow on this occasion, as I never kuew him try such a thing before, however h« did so and did it well, as the fellow was terribly bruised by the fall. It is near post time so I cannot give further particulars. They went over to Roberts s afterwards and bailed them up, but Mrs Roberts escaped outofoneof the windows and went over to KemmU's, where she gave the alarm, when Kemmis and J. Raymond, J.P , went over, the latter of whom fired at two whilst they stood at the counter from the back-door but by some chnnce missed both tho fellows, they then started off in the direction of the river and not knowing of the mill-moe, fell into it, leaving their jackets, hats, and a cotton kerchief behind. The other party followed in pursuit but un fortunately took another direction otherwise they nVnst have been taken, as we doubt not they were there some time, judging from the mnrks they left on the banks of the race in endeavouring to get out. — Correspondent. Tlie Quarter Sessions at Campbell Town will be held on Monday next. Mr Robinson, the Inspector of abo Tigines, is about to leave the Colony for Van Diemen's Land, in a few dnys, from which place he will proceed to Port Phillip on his mission to the aborigines. ?A Grocer formerly living in King street, named Czarnikow, has lately absconded from the Colony, leaving his creditors in tho lurch to a considerable amount Caution to Crimps. — It is our in tention in an early number to publish the immes and places of abode of these disreputable vaga bonds, who are in the daily habit of extorting considerable sums of money from masters of ships on pretence of furnishing them with a crew, who upon receiving their advance imme diately 2-u/(, arid are harboured bv these worthies. The Form of Prayer to be usnd in the Protestant Churches and Chapels, on Friday next, has just been published by .Mr Tegg. Coroner's Inquests. An inquest was holdcn on Saturday, at the Rum Puncheon, Queen's Wbarf, on the head of a man, which was picked up on the North Shore. The features were to completely disfigured by decomposition that it could not be identified, and in the absence of any other proof, the jury returned a verdict of accidentally drowned. On Thursday, an inquest was held at the Ball-faced Stag, on the Brickfield Hill, on view of the body of Thomas Fox, n servant to Mr Duguid, of Cook's River who had been some time ailing, and who had attended the General Hospital asa day patient for some. On his return from the Hospital on Thursday, he was taken seriously ill and stopped at a friend's house, where he died, on the following morning. Verdict — Died by the visitation of God. 