Original Correspondence. IDOLATRY. NO. VIII. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, — Saint Cyprian, in the third century, gives us a catalogue of the canonical books of the holy Scriptures, which per- fectly agrees with the canon admitted by Protestants ; and these are the books admitted by the fathers in that age. Saint Jerome, in the fourth century, says that whatever books are beside these are apo- cryphal ; which apocryphal books the Church readeth ; but they are not ac- counted canonical — i. e., they are not to be accounted certain rules of faith or duty. The same reckoning is made by Origen, as quoted by Eusebius, word for word, see Cyprian de prologo Galeato, Tom 3, page 6, Eusebius, lvi., chap 24 ; Epiphanius, Cyril, Athanasius, Gregory Nazianzen, &c.; But the Council of Trent — a council packed and manœu- vred by the Pope — gave the sanction of canonical to all these books which we find rejected by those early fathers ; so that books accounted uncanonical, in the year 259 and 359, became canonical, by the Pope's witchcraft, in the sixteenth century. The doctrine of purgatory was an early opinion amongst the heathen nations, and the Platonic philosophers held it as appears from Virgil's Æneis L., vi., from the 722 to 747th lines. This opinion had crept into the minds of many of the Jews, and therefore we find that Judas Maccabeus was led into this error 161 years before Christ's appearance upon earth, an opinion which cannot be found mentioned in any of the canonical scrip- tures. Though neither Christ nor any of his inspired apostles, mentions any such thing, but in every place or passage, in the new Testament, ascribe our salvation to the merits of Christ and the purifying influences of the blessed and almighty spirit, yet the auxiliary aid of purgatory gradually made its way from the heathen into the church, at first under certain modifications ; but now made the same use of as a preparation for heaven, which the heathen did for preparing souls to re- turn into other illustrious bodies, and a to be sent to the happy fields of bliss. — Bingham, whose means of research and industry made him well qualified for such an undcrtaking, informs us that after the Apostles' death some began to entertain a notion that a millenium would soon arise, when the faithful would obtain a resur- rection as subjects of the kingdom to be possessed by Christ for a thousand years before the final judgment, and that the best men would rise first, in order to occupy a place in this happy monarchy. Those who entertained this opinion ac- cordingly prayed that their own friends might be found among the first to rise for this purpose. Others supposed that dis- embodied spirits are detained in a place of residence appropriated for that end until the day of judgment, and that there might be some variations in their con- dition while in this place. There were also some who believed that, at the last day all human souls, even that of the blessed virgin not being excepted, would pass through a fire to the judgment seat. The holders of these opinions thought themselves justified in praying that their friends might easily escape under these posthumous trials. — No Christians of any note appear to have believed, in primitive times, that the human soul, when first released from its mortal incumbrances, is transferred for purification to a temporary fire ; this is rendered sufficiently evident by the fact that some of the earliest prayers for the dead, of which we have any knowledge, include the whole body of departed chris- tians. It appears from all the ancient liturgies under the names of St. Basil, Chrysostom, Gregory Nazianzen, and Cyril, that they prayed for all saints, the Virgin Mary herself not excepted, and it is not reasonable to suppose that they thought that such departed spirits were in purgatory. And it is remarkable that in the old Roman Missal they were ac- customed to pray for the soul of St. Leo, as Hincmar a writer of the ninth cen- tury informs us, who says that the prayer ran in this form, " Grant, O Lord, that this oblation may be of advantage to the soul of thy servant Leo, which thou hast appointed to be for the relaxation of the sins of the world." St. Chrysostom says expressly, they offered for the martyrs, and it is so expressly, in the Greek liturgy. " We offer unto thee this reasonable ser- vice for the faithful deceased, our fore- fathers, fathers, Patriarchs, Prophets and Apostles, Evangelists, Martyrs, Confes- sors, religious persons, and every spirit perfected in the faith ; but especially for our most holy, immaculate and most blessed Lady, the mother of God, and ever Virgin Mary." Bishop Fisher, who be- lieved all the doctrines of the Church of Rome, says, " that in the ancient writers there is almost no mention of purgatory." The first that we find directly to have held that there is a purgatory fire, as the heathen did, provided, before the day of Judgment, for certain light faults, was Gregory the first of that name, who lived as Pope of Rome from the year 590 to 603. We here see the variety of old wives' fables entertained, by the Church, from near to the days of the Apostles, until they ended in the present lucrative doctrine of pur- gatory. Saint Paul admonishes Timothy to charge some that they may teach no other doctrine than what Saint Paul himself taught, and not to give heed to fables ; but Saint Paul never taught any thing about purgatory, or praying for the dead : Christ crucified was his constant theme ; 1 Tim. 3. 4. And again, he admonishes Timothy to avoid profane and old wives' fables, and to exercise himself rather unto godliness. In ancient times, they who departed from the Scriptures and real godliness prayed for the saints and Virgin Mary, who had passed from this world to paradise ; now they pray to these saints. Is not this a change of doctrine made by that Church which professes to never change ? This purga- tory brought into the Church, in aid of Christ's merits and of the power of the Holy Ghost, must have the same effect as circumcision, and worshipping of An- gels to deprive them of their reward, and to cause Christ to profit them nothing, if the second book of Maccabees had been, canonical Scripture, yet the practice of Judas would have been no authority to follow his example, seeing neither Moses nor any of the inspired Prophets ever gave any sanction to such doctrine or practise, but the author was not an in- spired prophet, the writer of the first book of Maccabees tells us in three places that he was no prophet in those days. The Jews never acknowledged these books as canonical. I have no doubt but he (Judas) did as is recorded of him ; but what authority had he for doing so? David, a man after God's own heart, committed murder and adultery ; would his acts contrary to God's law be a suffi- cient authority to follow his example in this instance. He and Solomon, and many kings of Judah, married many wives and kept them all at the same time, such a practice was certainly sinful ; for God said, " thou shalt not commit adul- tery," Ex. xx. 14 ; and "thou shalt not take one wife to another to vex her all the days of her life," Leviticus, xviii. 18. Nor were the examples of Judah, nor Lot, though righteous men, to be followed, Genesis, xix. and xxxviii. ; to the law and to the testimony : if they speak or act contrary to this word we are not to follow them, for, in that particular, they had not the light of God's Spirit in them, Isaiah, viii. 20. Neither ought we to follow the example of Saint Augustine when he prayed for his mother and father after their death (Confess., chap xiii, book ix ) : he had no authority from God for so doing ; he was led astray, in that particular, by heathen philosophy ; he had no authority from the inspired pro- phets or Apostles. Yet we can observe, in his prayers for the forgiveness of their sins, that he never mentions such a place as purgatory. Nor does the historian, in the second book of Maccabees, say that Judas had sent money to Jerusalem to offer a sin-offering to get the souls of those who were slain out of purgatory ; but because he was mindful of the resurrection, II Mac. xii. 43. In these instances all the heathen notions and wild fancies were not admitted, as the Roman Catholics do now. We ought not to follow the example of Saint Paul and Barnabas in falling out by the way, Acts xv. 39 ; we ought not to follow their practice any farther than they followed Christ. 