THDRSDAY. DECEMHER 13. 1838. Vo« Popnli — Vox Uel. SIR R. BOURKE'S STATUE. Bv the James Pattison, intelligence lias reached the colony of the progress of the Statue. It9 execution has been entrusted to Mr Bailey, the Royal Acuiemician — one or tne mosc eminent ;ind advancing sculptors of the present day. and in point of classic design, the gracefulness of his figures, and the deli cate and elaborate finishing of his subject, perhaps without a rival in the English Fchool of arts. A model of the Statue, which is to be in bronze, and of the pedestal, which is to be of the best Scotch granite, may be expected in the course of next month for the inspection of the subscribers. Meanwhile, n general meeting of the subscribers will be called on an early dny, to submit for their approval the plan of the artist, and the agreement entered into between Mr 11. tiouRKK, on their behalf, and Mr Bailey. The agreement was signed on the 20th of August last, and Mr Bailkv under took to have the Statue completed in two years from that date. (Enter Mr Justice Burton*, angrily read ing the Sydney Gazette, and exclaim ing, ' Non tali auxilio nee defensoribus istis opus istis.' ) Somr indiscreet friend, or perhaps insidious foe, under a no less imposing title than that of ' Aristidks,' has thought fit to solicit the favour of the columns of tho. Gazette, wherein he might appear as the dpfender of Mr Justice Buiiton. Weak, indeed, must be the cause, and thin must be the ranks of any man's adherents, that can require the aid of an auxiliary such as this ! Like the redoubted knight-errant of old, he raises ghosts to have the pleasure of destroying them — or, like some impotent senatorial member, he ' begs the ques tion' that he is most anxious to avoid. What particular article or assertion in this' journal this correspondent alludes to.'is to us an entire enigma; hut this we know — that no assertion has been made, and no inuendo has been insinu ated, that we are not ready and able to confirm. If Mr Justice Burton should receive anything we have advanced as derogatory to his private character or public rank, it is quite competent for liitn to call a commission of inquiry, and rite us thereunto^ As we before said, the tactics of this journal require no such disgraceful aid us stcalthiness or calumny ' — ' we fight not in ambush, but come boldly out on the plain.' Thk arrival of intelligence from Eu gland compels us still to defer our re marks on the proposed improvements in the English Quarter Sessions, and their peculiar applicability to thosjc so termed courts of judicature in the Australian colonies. The alteration which public opinion, exercising its power through various acts of recent legislation, has effected in the i character and duties of the Courts of Quarter Sessions, wits one of those topics which we had in'view, when contemplat ing the several important subjects which demanded the ample consideration of the pulilu: press. The renewal of the disgraceful jn-eiieH which have been exhibited at tho pu r'v. dicttl return of the election lo the Chair man ship had given, as It appeared to us, a most fitting opportunity to arouse the public attention to a matter so deeply affecting the very tender reputation of the colony, and on which its moral wel fare so materially depends. The-, very extraordinary opinions delivered, ex cathe dra, by Mr Justice Burton, as to the character of the office of Chairman, and the qualifications required of its pos sessor, being -not only opposed to the common sense of every individual in the colony -who had been an impartial ob server of the proceedings in our several Courts of Quarter Sessions, bat to the declared1 sentiments of an unanimous British legislature and public press, have been made the means '(we speak it re verently), by that wise Providence which ' Out of seeming ill, educes real good;' of creating an equally extraordinary op portunity of introducing our information on this subject, with the prospect of im parting to it deeper -interest, and securing from it more effectual benefit. We yield, however, to the necessity which our other duties impose for the further postpone ment — immaterial, we believe, for a few days longer — of this important subject. We may be excused on this occasion for expressing, as the result of our re flection and experience, our sense of the additional value which every public dis cussion through the medium of the daily press derives from the seasonnbleness and the favourableness of concomitant circumstances, with which it is intro duced. The ea«licst and most accurate intelligence of public events are, perhaps, not more conducive to the reputation and success of a public journal, than the tact with which its conductors can avail them selves of those tides in the affairs and opinions of men, which, if taken at the flood, may lead the journalist to fortune and renown. Strongly impressed with this conviction, it is our anxious study, on every principle of duty and of honorable emulation, so' to time our remarks on every, subject which we may be led. to place in prominent notice, as will give to them the most favourable opportunity of producing their full effect. Fervently do we desire that, in this respect, we may be equally fortunate in matters of approaching discussion, as in one which has recently passed through our hands. How exceedingly shall we rejoice if the issue of our coming annotations shall be similar to that which we have had the gratification to announce, at the close of our observations on the now abandoned Hill-Coolie traffic. May the result of nil public discussion, and of all public mea sures, be such as will afford the highest pleasure to those who are anxious for the welfare and the reputation of this colony in particular — for the glory of the Bri tish name among the nations of the earth — who desire that justice and humanity may be Great Britain's never failing sup porters in all her enterprizes, and that the blessings of civilization, of freedom, and of pure religion — in a word, that the extension of happiness among the human race, may be the effects of her conquests in war1; and of her colonization in peace ! 