English Exstract.. T. HE THEATRES. [BYom the SPECTATOr, Septenbbir 30.] The opening of Covent Garden on c Saturday last was briefly noticed in the f latest edi-ion of the,.Spectalor; but, for j the benefit of those readers who take the a first edition, we will restate the impression ti made upon us by the performances of t that evening, with the advantage of a l second -night's experience of the reformed i, system. a " The effect of the alterations both before j and behind the curtain is the nitire striking. r from the conmpara!ively, smal means hy ii which material mnprovements have been effected. The only change in the appear- c ance.of the house is in the substitutian of i, cotmfort, cleanliness, and elegahee, for dirt o and shabbiness: the derogations are the n same, the gilding being reburnished, the i" panels and linings of the boxes renewed, ii the roof " fretted. with golden fires,'" and it the beautiful chandelier restored to pristine a '.rilliancy.; 'The -additions consist of .stas. a tues placed. between the columns of the v staircase, and busts in the saloon and lob- e hies, and a supetb.sew curtain of elegant: e design. representing a rich drapery of blue I and silver, embroidered" with, the royal t, atrms, and adorned -with badges, partly veil" a ing the massive folds of a pale crimson g curtain, withadeep goldt fringe. The only n objection to it is that the blue colour, not s being carried through the house, looks like e a spot in a circle of red. r The pertormances were preceded by an a address, in verse, written by Mr. Sergeant p 'l'alfotard, and spoken by Macready; which was very well received. The rapturous and a prolonged cheering which greeted MacI. ready on his entrance, bespoke the public t sense of his good intehtinns; and the still a louder-antd more uinivarsal shout that burst t forth at the end of the play, was satis £ factory evidence that what he had accom , plished was appreciated anti approved. Thus far, then, the experiment has been successful; the .classic temple of -which. Siddlons and Kemble were the priest and priestess, is once more restored to order and propriety. Taste and intelligence have resumed their sway-t the. Kemble dynasty has found a worthy successor in Macready The performaanae of Saturday night was, the Wi'nter's Tale; . and that of Monday, IHamleL. It is long since the Winter's Tale was acted-except once, we believe, last season, for a benefit: it did. not there fore afford so good a standard for judging of the improvements in the representation as. Hamlet; attention to minlute as well as important points of the stage business, .producing huatogeneousness and unity of effect, and evincing the pervading influence of one mind, was visible in both. 'The actors hardly seemed the same: individual peculiarities were softened down and better qualities developedi -such 4being put in his proper place,. and contributing to the general earect of the scene, like the figures in a well-painted picture. Even Mac ready, who played his best,' instead of standing out as before a solitary exception to the want of power and refinement in the mass, was butone though the principal actor in ab aninmated scene. So With the scenery and accessories: the new are all in harmony with such of the old as have been retained; and the sober elegance and the appropriateness of every thing give a completehess to the ensemble, want ing which the most gorgeous and dtzzling Scoup d'wil would be mere empty show. No one without witnessing it can imagine what an extraordinary effect of realization is produced by the numberless little aids of scenic allusion. . Every o"ject thaving , its fitting character and meaning, becomes of due value: nothing is lost, nor is any f thing felt to be superfluous. I The cast of the Winter's Tale included tnearly the whole strength of the company, the vocal corpe excepted; which we shall have bettet occasion to speak of at a future time. Macready's Leonies is one of his most successful personations: the suspi cions of the King being rather a matter of temperament than profound passion, the 'actor reconciles the improbability of Leantes' morenitury reptidiation of his wife by the liveliness with which he de 4 picts his jealOus humour ; while his over whelming rapture when his wife and child are restored to him, imply what he has sufferei ' Miss 'Famcit was the Hermioune; and, had her persontsion of the woman been as real as that of the statue, it would have beens a triumph indeed : but the arti fciality of her speech- gutturnl, trembling s'ones, alternating with whining-makes her feeling and energy appair any thing but genuine. 'the art that satifies spont.t neQOs imrpulees so that the feelings 'be. come insendible to the cunning oV the scene, every tone and gRature .being the produce of pretrious study, defeats its ob ject. The performer, instead of being absorbed in the character and its emo ion', is occupied with' attending to the routine of a prepared lesson.' It is this false sys. tern that makes mere puppets of as mani a'-tors ; in particular, it has spoiled two clever young ladies of the Covent Garden company, Miss Ilesth Fatcit and IMiss Taylof. Mltiss Tay lor's Perdlita wast not the simple shepherdess, but a court 'lady assuming the character: instead of a pretty klower of Nattre's own rearing, we were presented with an artiIluial Imitation-and not a tery g'od one either. Miss Hulddart,' on the contrary, who as Paulnsa had a scolding part to play. gave powerfnl effect t6 the vehemence of loud-tongued Inment ing and upbtaiding, because she felt the force of every word ehe uttered. A like distinction is observable between the acting of Bartley and that of Meatlows,' as dudo lycus and the Clowrn. Bartley, like Cooper, is a piactiled old stager, to whom 'no part comes amiss; and it was surprising to pee such lightnesi of ishovemeint sad-so uolil. inga countenance in one of a pursy perion aind grave aspect : but beyond mere pro fessidnal dexterity, there was nothing to adraire-it wai no personation of the cun ning, light-heared. rogue. Meadows, though his styleis hard, looked the silly brainless lout, in every feature and action In the one case, it was an assomptiOn of mere manner; in the other, the Imind was concerned. A Mr. Anderson was inilodu"ed on thist occasion as Flori;el > and n.ade a most favourable impression on the audience. He is an actor of very considerable powers and promise; aud though his personation of Laertes, on Monday, did not real:te all that we desire in the character, it has not lowered our estimate of Ihis talents. He is young; and has a handsome person, and a rich, full, manly voice, vety saweet i in its softer tones, but when loudly exerted r rather thick,-owing perhaps to a defect c in his nmanagement of it, that may be rec rifled. His style of ac ing is remarkably chaste; rather too cold and constrained d indeed, in its propriety; but this i, a fault on the right side, and habitude will re move-it. 'l:he charm of his pierformanccs is its feeling and refinement '' his read ing of the part," as it is terrned is intel. lectual, and gives proof of a gouid under standing of it,;and his manner is earnest r as well as graceful and quiet. Hi. Florizel we thoukght perfect: and his Laertes was equally correct as a conception, but its execution wivAs deficient in fire and abandon. It is ar.tery dificult and unsatisfactory part to play, however, and one in which for an actor to be free from offence is alone a great merit. And Mr. Anderson is the more welcome, for he fills a void in the stage, as a representative of the youthful i gallants. A manager ubder the vile "star ring system" would have announced bam l1 as Romeo, and heralded his advent with a procession of putfs preliminary. The castof Hamlet brought out the force of the company in men, as that of the Winter's Tele did in women: the ladies, however, showed to the best advantage, as they mostly do. One newspaper adver tisement horrified us with the announce nuent of Mr. Pritchard as Horatio) we 1 were glad to see him to much better effect1 in Pdarcellus. Macready played Hamlet on this occasion with more than his usual breadth and freedom; we only desiderated some touches of a mere lively and famtiliar humour ik the wild playful sullies, that relieve the moody sadness of the character Elton.improved upon his person.ution of the Ghost at the Haymarket, by giving more expression to his delivery, yet pre serving the sepulchral tone. The super. natural effect of the apparition is greatly heightened in the clqset scene-which was finely acted,-where Hamlet rebukes Gertrude: the Ghost rises from the ground behind them, and instantly steps in between, just at the time when Hamlet's passion is o'ermanstering him. This is felt to be carrying out the design of Shak. speare; we are not so sure that the alterra tion in the p;revious interview of Hamlet with the Ghost is an improvement. On the scene being withdrawn, -the Ghost-is discovered standing oa the edge of a- tur: ret, or some elevated pat of- the castle, and Hamlet appeare climbing tip the steep; the effect is striking, but a little too melo. dramatic. The scene where the King and Polonius overhear what Hamlet says to )Ophelia, always seemed imperfect in the current stage performance-now the lis teners ate screened by an arras curtain, from which they once appear as if about to break off the interview, but retreat again unobserved; anid Ophelia, when discovered by Hamlet, is standing reading at a desk with her back to him --an old folio, by the way, would have better befitted the anitique stand than a volume like a spruce Annual. SMiss Taylor's Opleelia is by no means the worst of Iher perfortances; and Miss SHuddart's Gertrude is one of her best; she excites pity more than disgbst-we r never feel that the Queen is utterly un. worthy of the Prince of Denmark's regard. 1 Mr. Diddear was King CLlauidius, G. Ben * nett Horatio. Vining (srick, and Meadows I Poloniuu. Polonius, though an imbecile, is a courtier, and worldly.wise i Meadows makes him a clotn. The character of the Player Kiniv, in the hIands of Mt. Waldron, rbecame of propcr importance; we no longer wondered that Hamlet should have F taken such an interest in him. · We must wait for the representation of some historical play, such as King John or Jullus Czkor, to test fully the itnproved I claracter of the scenery and costume: a general plroptiety and handsomeness only is now evideat. A reform in the elemental department is still desirable; the thunder, lightning, and rain, betrayed too plainly the materiality of their origin. We re commend the property-mao to take a lea. son from the Jovian thunder-bearer of the Olympic.-- . . 