POETRY. THE SECOND LECTURE ON POETRY, BY W. à BECKETTt, Esq., BARRISTER AT LAW, DELIVERED IN THE THEATRE OF THE MECHANICS' SCHOOL OF ARTS, SYDNEY. ON FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1838. In my preceding lecture, I spoke of the various attributes and capabilities of poetry—of its antiquity—and of its universality and permanency among mankind as a feeling, if not as an art. I endeavoured also to show its adapta- tion to our moral, as well as intellectual wants, and, in adverting to some of the sublime results of which it had been productive through human agency, I was led to believe that this glorious gift had been bestowed on man as the most exalted channel through which he could either receive or impart, the inspirations of divinity. At the same time, I dwelt on the difficulties which poetry had to encounter in a conventional state of so- ciety, and particularly on the discou- ragements, obstacles, and apathy, with which it has had, and will have to con- tend in the falsely called march of intel- lect — the march of Utilitarianism. It was gratifying, however, to observe, that the poetic spirit still remained— indeed, going back to the past, we find that in the most troublous times that history tells, the fire on the altar of the muse was never suffered to grow dim for the want of votaries to kindle thereon a flame. In war, or peace, the minstrel was always considered an important personage. In Wales, there were three things that could not be taken from a man for debt—his horse—his sword— and his harp. It was in this country that the bard from the summit of a rock poured down on an invading foe, the imprecation of the patriot's song—and the same voice might be heard from the dungeon grate, after the lyre had yielded to the oppressors' sword. Nor was the result different when the storms of poli- tics succeeded to the storms of war. Even in those times of terror and alarm, when Henry the VIII was murdering his wives, and his hopeful daughter was burning her subjects, poets were still to found. Of the poets then, and their works, having said enough of poetry in general, it is now time to speak. To illustrate the progress of English poetry, it is unnecessary to go further back than Chaucer and Gower — the period of their writings forming a boundary beyond which the English language, as such, becomes scarcely in- telligible. Gower, indeed, wrote both more and better in French than in En- glish ; but in the latter tongue he must yield the palm to his contemporary, Chaucer, who has the credit of having both , reformed and improved the lan- guage in which he composed. We shall, howevever, easily understand why his style seems so barbarous, when we reflect that in his time the struggle for predominancy between the French Idiom and the English, had nearly terminated in favour of the former ; and when, to use the Anglo-Saxon in preference to the Norman French, was considered a mark of ill-breeding and low birth. The two rival languages we are told, were as the standards of two parties, and a French writer has the following pas- sage on the subject, which strongly illustrates the feeling which prevailed. " At one time a Saxon Bishop was ex- pelled from his See because he was ignorant of French ; at another monas- tic charters were torn to pieces because they were written in Saxon ; Norman Judges would condemn an accused person unheard, because he spoke En- glish only ; for the same reason they would strip a whole family of their rightful inheritance and dole out to it, as a favour, a small portion of its pro- perty." Confirmatory of this state of things, Wadington, a poet and historian of that time, gives as a reason for writing his works in French, instead of English, that be shall be better under- stood both by high and low, a pretty clear proof of the precarious tenure of the native dialect. It is no wonder then, as I before observed, that the language of Chaucer should in his time have been so imperfect, as in ours to have become quite obsolete. The chief work of Chau- cer is his Canterbury Tales, in the com- position of which all critics concur in discovering genius of the most rare and varied description. Their principal merit now, probably, would be the cor- rect picture which they convey of the manners and characters of the times ; we may judge, however, of their claim to our admiration as poems, from the fact of Dryden and Pope having con- fessedly selected several as the ground- work of their own verse. There is little doubt that Chaucer borrowed the idea of these tales from the Decameron of Boccacio, with whom, as well as with Petrarch, he had formed an acquaint- ance while travelling in Italy. In other instances the result of modern enquiry is to find him a borrower where he had formerly been thought original. Chau- cer lived, to a good old age, dying in 1400, in his 74th year, after having lived in the successive reigns of Edward III, Richard II, and Henry IV. To the first of these princes he was yeoman or valettus, and he afterward pushed his fortune at court through the friend- ship of John of Gaunt Duke of Lan- caster, the sister of whose wife Catherine Swynford, Chaucer subsequently mar- ried. He advocated the cause of Wick liffe with such zeal as to render it unsafe for him to remain in England, to which, however, he was base enough to pur- chase a safe return by apostacy and treachery. The succession of his pa- tron's son to the Crown under the title of Henry IV enabled him to end his days in pecuniary ease, and to retrieve the character, which he had in some measure lost. Chaucer was deeply learned, and not less the man of the world than the student ; he was also handsome in person and courtly in mien, and, like a modern poet, of whom I shall speak, wrote some things in his youth, of which in mature years he said, " woe is me that I cannot re- call and annul those things." Con- temporary with Chaucer was John Lydgate, the monk of Berry—who died in 1461, at the age of 86. In his day, he was almost as popular as Chaucer, but is now deservedly forgot- ten, being dull, prolix, and tedious. He admits his dislike to any thing brief and compendious, observing with all the spirit of a female gossip, that a great story is like a great oak—not to be at- tacked with a single stroke, but by a long processe. Accordingly all his effusions are penned upon the long pro- cesse principle, and the result is a most unexceptionable narcotic to those who like the luxury of reading themselves asleep. The muse herself seems to have taken rather a long slumber about this time, for scarcely any poet worth men- tioning (if we except a Scotch bard or two) made his appearance until the age of Henry VIII, when Wyatt and Surrey introduced the Italian form of poetry, blank verse was invented, and tragedy and comedy were brought into a regular form. Surrey's poems, like his cha- racter, are full of chivalry ; as a judi- cious critic has said of them, " he orders lovers to give place before his mistress, as if he spoke with lance in rest." Like a true knight he proclaimed the superiority of his ladylove's charms wherever he went, and overcame at Florence, and at Windsor, several knights who were rash enough to be of a different opinion. This lady Geral- dine, of whom he sings so often, was a damsel of thirteen, and it must have been, therefore, but an ideal passion which he professed, as he was himself a married man, and was known to be an attached and faithful husband. Tour- naments, however, were fashionable in those days, and without some maiden's beauty to rave about, the knights of the tilt would probably have sacked the requisite excitement for breaking each others heads. The Earl of Surrey was one of the most courageous and accomplished men of his time ; but neither his bravery nor his talents could save him from the jealousies and suspicions of Henry the VIII, in whose reign, he was beheaded on the 19th January, 1347, before he attained his 30th year. Nine days afterwards, Henry himself died, and if we are to believe history, died the easier for having added to the list of his victims, the young and amiable Surrey. Of this atrocious wretch, I can almost believe any thing ; yet literature, for which he professed a taste, flourished and improved in his reign ; not so much, however, from his own personal patronage, as from the spreading prin- ciples of the Reformation. He aspired, however, to authorship himself, and perhaps it was his admiration of the writings of Sir Thomas More that in- duced him to commute the punishment of hanging, to which the author of Utopia was condemned, to that of beheading. Sir Thomas was no doubt grateful for the indulgence, though he very natu- rally observed on being informed of it, "Heaven preserve my friends from the like favour." We all know that Henry the VIII wrote a work against Luther, which procured for him from Leo X, the title of " Defender of the Faith," but it seems, also, that this precious Defender of the Faith, which he soon afterwards, found such plausible reasons for abandoning, wrote poetry as well as prose. I find a passage to that effect in Chateaubriand's sketches of English Literature, a work which I cannot too strongly recommend to your perusal. " Henry the VIII,' says my authority, " wrote poetry as well as prose. He played on the flute and the spinett. He set to music ballads for his court and masses for his chapel, and he left be- hind him a motett, an anthem, and many scaffolds. He was certainly a troubadour of most imaginative genius. This man, who employed a wooden image of the Virgin as part of the ma- terials for the pile at which the confes- sor of Catharine of Arragon was burnt ; —who summoned before his tribunal the dead body of St Thomas of Canter- bury, tried it and condemned it to death in spite of the legal maxim, non bis in idem; who caused faggots to be bound on the backs of five Dutch Ana- baptists, and regaled his eyes with the spectacle of five moving auto-da-fés. ; he had a fine subject for a romantic sonnet when, from the summit of a solitary hill in Richmond Park, he saw the signal which was transmitted from the Tower of London, announcing the execution of Anne Boleyn. What de- licious satisfaction he must have en- joyed at that moment ! The axe had severed the delicate neck, and stained with blood the beautiful hair, on which the poet king had lavished his fatal caresses." How the savage libertine would have fromed over this bitter but just irony, if any one had dared to utter it to his face. But it would seem that, in the words of history, " every one dreaded a con- test with a man who was never known to yield or to forgive, and who in every controversy, was either determined to ruin himself or his antagonist." Yet in what a degraded state of vassalage must have been the mind of that people who dared not oppose one single scheme of murder or despotism, which their manarch choose to plan—an age of chivalry too, when knights would fight in honour of a ringlet or an eye lash, yet see the head of their own in- nocent Queen roll from the scaffold un- avenged. Thank Heaven, freedom of thought, speech, and action have made glorious strides since then, but looking even to those times, I blush for man- hood, to think that this imperial Blue- beard should have been suffered to close his career as he did. I say not that he should have fallen by the dagger or the axe—but if Englishmen had felt as they ought to have felt—if they had then felt as they feel now, one concentrated shout of indignation, horror, and dis- gust, would have burst from the nations voice, and scared the monster, from his blood-stained throne. To return to Surrey—his poems are more readable than quotable, and pro- bably would give little pleasure, except to professed students of our old litera- ture. Besides his " songs and sonnets," he translated into rhyme the Ecclesiastes of Solomon, and a portion of the Psalms. He translated also the 2nd and 4th book of Virgils Æneid, which, according to Mr Warton, is the first specimen extant of English blank verse. Contemporary with Surrey was Sir Thomas Wyatt, who was imprisoned by Henry VIII, in consequence of his attachment to Anne Boleyn. This unfortunate Queen had, in early life, attracted the attention and admiration of Wyatt, and most of his poems have reference to this object of his love. A royal poet who flourished about this time should not be forgotten. I allude to James I of Scotland, one of the most polished princes of his age. He passed nineteen years of his life in captivity at the Court of Henry IV of England, where, however, he received an excellent education, and became a proficient in poetry and music, as well as in every manly exercise and accom- plishment. Being reinstated in his rights in 1424, he proved himself an able statesman, and setting aside some unjustifiable acts of oppression towards the Highland Chieftains, acted the part of a wise monarch and a good man. His fate was melancholy :—a conspiracy being formed against him, he retired to the Monastery of Perth, where he was surprised one night, and murdered by seven assassins, headed by Robert Graham. It was on this occasion that Catherine Douglas, to prevent the con- spirators from entering the King's de- partment, thrust her arm through a staple by way of bar, and there held it till it was broken. As a poet, King James is known by two pieces called the King's Quair, and "Christ's Kirk on the Green ;" The latter, which is written in the Scottish dialect, and is humourously descriptive of the manners and pastimes of the age, became ex- tremely popular, and after Burns, still bears the palm in rustic painting. The King's Quair contains a history of the poet's captivity, and of the progress of his love for the Lady Jane Beaufort, who afterwards became his wife, and is described as exceedingly virtuous and beautiful. During the reign of this King, lived Henry the Minstrel, or Blind Harry as he- was called, the author of the songs so popular in Scot- land, in which the deeds of the hero Wallace are celebrated. We should not pass over the 14th and 15th cen- turies, without allusion to the various ballads of that time. Among the most celebrated of these were the Children in the Wood, the song of the Willow, Robin Hood and Little John, and the Hunting in Chevy Chase. Less known, but containing much more poetic beauty than any of these, are two ballads called Sir Cauline and Childe Waters, the latter of which, it is not improbable, may have given Lord Byron the idea of Childe Harold. The next poet we have to name in suc- cession of time is Thomas Sackville, Lord Buckhurst, who was born in 1536, and died in 1608. He was a great favorite of Queen Elizabeth's, and one of the few statesmen whose fame has been preserved untarnished. As a poet he is known by his celebrated poem entitled "The Mirrour for Magistrates," being, as its title indicates, " a true chronicle history of the untimely falls of unfortunate princes and men of note from the conquest until the present time." In this poem there is much beauty and grandeur, particularly a description of the passions, which is scarcely inferior to Collins' ode on the same subject. Lord Buckhurst is also the author of the first English tragedy ; the title of this work is Gorboduc, which was acted before Queen Elizabeth in 1561, by the gentlemen of the Inner Temple. Rymer thus quaintly describes the plot. " Here is a King and Queen and their two sons : the King divides his realm between them. They quarrel, the elder rules the younger, which provokes the mother to kill the elder. Thereupon the King kills the mother, and then to make a clear stage, the people rise and despatch old Gorboduc." We take our leave of the author of " old Gorboduc," with noticing that his " Mirrour for Magis- trates," suggested to Spenser the first idea of his "Fairy Queen." The muse, like other fair ladies, sometimes submits to the solicitations of a coxcomb ; she was wooed, about this time, with success, by Edward Vere, Earl of Oxford, renowned as the first who introduced into England embroi- dered gloves aad perfumes. His Lord- ship appears to have been a fop of the first water, with an excellent opinion of himself, attended by what is not un- frequently an attribute of foppishness, no very exalted idea of the sex of which he complains. He was so fond of aping Italian costume and manners, that he was nicknamed the " Mirrour of Tuscanismo." In his youth, he is said to been brave and spirited, but if the following anecdote is to be relied on, his courage does not seem to have kept pace with his dandyism. He was playing at the Tennis Court one day with Sir Phillip Sydney, when the latter having said something to offend him, though with no such intention, Lord Oxford ordered him to quit the room. Sir Phillip refusing, the Earl be stowed on him a contemptuous epithet, which the high-spirited Sydney retorted by giving his Lordship the lie direct, and then quitted the place, expecting to be followed by the Earl. But, as the anecdote continues. " Lord Oxford very prudently waited until the Queen had time to command her peace. Her Majesty then reminded Sir Phillip of the dif- ference between Earls and gentlemen— superiors and inferiors." Sydney, boldly protested against such a distinc- tion in such a matter, and refused to obey the Queen's directions to make submission to his opponent. We have already mentioned the author of the first English tragedy ; George Gascoigne, who lived about this time, was the author of the first English comedy; he is also the author of the second English tragedy in blank verse. The comedy is from Ariosto, and the tragedy partly founded on the Jocasta of Euripides. Gascoigne also wrote a long poem, called the Traits of Warre, which obtained much applause in its time and has been well spoken of by modern critics. A name which calls up many painful historical reminiscences is now to be mentioned, that of Sir Walter Raleigh. Though principally known as an author by his " History of the World," which he composed in prison, some specimens of his muse have been preserved, which seem to justify the observation of Spenser, who speaking of Raleigh's poetry, styles him "a summer nightingale," who was " himself as skilful in that art as any." The one which I am about to quote is said to been written the night previous to his execution, and has had prefixed to it the various titles of " The Lye," "The Souls Errand," and"' The Souls Farewell." THE LYE. " Goe, soule, the bodies guest, Upon a thankelesse arrant ; Feare not to touch the best, The truth shall be thy warrant : Goe, since I needs must dye, And give the world the lye. " Goe, tell the court it glowes And shines likes rotten wood ; Goe, tell the church it showes What's good, and doth no good ; If church and court reply, Then give them both the lye. Tell potentates they live Acting by others actions ; Not lov'd unlesse they give, Not strong but by their factions ; If potentates reply, Give potentates the lye. Tell men of high condition, That rule affairs of state, Their purpose is ambition, Their practice onely hate ; And if they once reply, Then give them all the lye. Tell them that brave it most, They beg for more by spending, Who in their greatest cost Seek nothing but commending ; And if they make reply, Spare not to give the lye. " Tell zeale, it lacks devotion ; Tell love, it is but lust ; Tell time, it is but motion ; Tell flesh, it is but dust ; And wish them not reply, For thou must give the lye. "' Tell age, it daily wasteth ; Tell honour, how it alters ; Tell beauty, how she blasteth ; Tell favour, how she falters ; And as they shall reply, Give each of them the lye. Tell wit, how much it wrangles In tickle points of nicenesse ; Tell wisedome, she entangles Herselfe in over-wisenesse ; And if they do reply Straight give them both the lye. Tell physicke of her boldnesse ; Tell skill, it is pretension ; Tell charity of coldnesse ; Tell law, it is contention ; And as they yield reply, So give them still the lye. Tell fortune of her blindnesse ; Tell nature of decay ; Tell friendship of unkindnesse ; Tell justice of delay ; And if they dare reply, Then give them all the lye. Tell arts, they have no soundnesse, But vary by esteeming ; Tell schooles they want profoundnesse ; And stand too much on seeming ; If arts and schooles reply, Give arts and schooles the lye. Tell faith, it's fled the citie ; Tell how the country erreth ; Tell, manhood shakes off pitie, Tell, vertue least preferreth ; And, if they do reply, Spare not to give the lye. So, when thou hast, as I Commanded thee, done blabbing, Although, to give the lye Deserves no less than stabbing, Yet stab at thee who will, No stab the soule can kill. Raleigh was beheaded on the 29th October 1618, saying as he took the axe in his hand to feel its edge, " this is a sharp medicine, but a sure remedy for all evils.'' He was one of the most learned and accomplished men of his age, but had the fault of being too intent upon gain, which made him so importunate in his solicitations to the Queen, that she once said to him, " when, Sir Walter, will you cease to be a beggar," to which he dexterously replied, " when your Majesty ceases to be a benefactor.'' We shall feel less for the fate of Raleigh, when we remem- ber that his mean jealousy of Essex led him to hasten the execution of that un- fortunate favourite, and that he not only urged that event on the minister Cecil, but himself viewed it from a window in the armoury of the tower. We now come to Edmund Spenser —a name second only to those of Milton and Shakespeare. Milton was only eight years of age when Shakes- peare died, but Spenser and Shakes- peare flourished almost at the same time. Spenser, however, was the more famous of the two in his day, it was left to posterity to do full justice to the bard of Avon. The author of the " Fairy Queen" was the object of court patronage and favour, at the same time that the author of Macbeth and Othello was neither noticed nor known. Spenser was born in London about 1553, and died 1599. He received a university education ; fell in love and was gilted ; gave vent to his grief in a poem called the Shepherd's Calendar, and afterwards married a country lass of low degree. In the mean time, his publication of the Fairy Queen had procured him an annual pension of £50 from the Virgin Queen to whom it was dedicated. A grant of land was also given him of 3000 acres in Ireland, and he was living on his estate there at the castle of Kilcolman in 1597, when a rebellion broke out and he was obliged to fly the country. His house and one of his children were burnt by the insurgents, amd he arrived in England in a state of absolute penury, in which he remained umtil his death. Though suffered to want bread before, the poet had a splendid funeral allotted to his remains, which were interred in Westminster Abbey, at the expense of the Earl of Essex. What became of his widow we are not told, but as printing had then been introduced, it is possible a sub- cription list in her favor, may have been opened with success. Spenser's Fairy Queen is a rich mine of poetical beauty, full of grace and tenderness, imaginative in the highest degree, and at the same time breathing the purest sentiment and the most refined thought. He has all the elegance and seductive- ness without the meretriciousness of Moore, the power and fancy, without the bitterness of Byron, and the truth and philosophy, without the moroseness of Crable. From its length and style, however, the Fairy Queen is a poem like Milton's Paradise Lost, more talked of than read. It is one of those books, which being gilt edged and prettily bound, does very well for a birthday or Christmas present ; but it is the last book we should think of sending for from a circulating library, or selecting from the collection of a friend. Fill a book case with novels and romances and here and there a copy of Milton, Shakespeare and Spenser, or even Byron and Moore, we know what would be the fate of the poets in that company, their repose would not be very likely to be disturbed. This arises from bad taste, habit and indolence;—to comprehend the productions of a genius like that of Spenser requires an exertion of thought which we have not the industry to make, and a train of ideas, which we have not the disposition to indulge ; our brain is filled with the reminiscences of the novels which we have been daily reading, till at length we have lost both relish and capacity for any thing else. I think I might safely wager that not a single person here present has read through the six books of Spenser's Fairy Queen—that the majority have not read one out of the six, and that a great many have never read a single line of the whole poem. I will not affect, therefore, to suppose that I can expect much sym- pathy from you in my admiration of the Fairy Queen ; and I am afraid there would be a general pulling out of watches, if I were to propose a very lengthenccl quotation from any part of it. However, to say truth, I must confess that until lately, I myself have never read a single line of Spenser, imagining him to be as dull and odious as at first sight, his language might induce one to suppose. I cer- ainly take blame to myself, that my love of poetry had not oftener and earlier led me to a source of so much beauty and pleasure ; but it is no wonder with all of us, that we should be tardy in arriving at correct views of literature, when, on so many graver subjects, we are only just ready to open our eyes, when it is well nigh time to close them for ever. Among the anecdotes of history, there are none more affecting than that of Sir Philip Sidney and the dying soldier at the battle of' Zutphen. Sidney faint with pain and thirst, and in the agony of a wound which afterwards proved fatal, was in the act of raising some water to his lips, when catching the wistful eye of an expiring soldier beside him, he resigned the draught to him, exclaiming, " This man's necessity is still greater than mine." Of the few heroic deeds that hallow the horrors-of war, this stands the foremost. Truly might the actor in such a scene be called a hero, and well might the nation in whose cause he fell, weep at the note of his death. No man more than Sidney seems to have realized the words of the dramatist— In war, impetuous as the mountain torrent, In peace as gentle an the unweaned lamb. Of this gentleness—the gentleness of a loftv spirit—a sensitive heart—and an elevated mind—he has left us in his ro- mance of Arcadia a beautiful memo- rial. His poems have the same charac- ter, particularly his sonnets in which the passion of love, so much deformed by affectation in the works of other poets, is portrayed with a pensive sim- plicity and delicacy that are perfectly charming. The object of his adoration was Lady Penelope Devereux, whom he addresses under the name of Stella in his poem of Astrophel. With all the learning, beauty, grace, and chivalry which centered in the mind and person of this accomplished lover, it seems he was unable to obtain the object of his affection ; family reasons, we are told, forbade their union, and accordingly in 1583, we find him marrying the daugh- ter of Sir Francis Walsingham, a lady, we are told, of surpassing loveliness and rare attainments. He survived his marriage but three years, lamented by all when he died, as he had been admired by all in his life, and leaving an example which still serves as the beau ideal of chivalrous honour—Chris- tian heroism—and true gentility. The two next poets of whom I shall speak came to their death by violent means. Greville Lord Brooke was as- sassinated, and Robert Southwell was executed at Tyburn on the 20th Fe- bruary, 1595. The works of Brooke are hardly worth reading—those of Southwell are still readable, and must have been very popular in his time, as in seven years they appear to have gone through eleven editions. Southwell was executed in conformity with a san- guinary law of good Queen Bess, " in that he being a Popish Priest, born in the dominions of the crown of England, had come over thither from beyond sea, and had tarried there longer than three days without conforming and taking the oaths." This was adjudged high treason in that early period of the reformation— a mode of dealing with the Papists, which puts the boast about Protestant toleration in a somewhat questionable light. Samuel Daniel, and Michael Drayton were also poets of Elizabeth's times, and each held the post of laureat. Drayton is chiefly known by his " Poly olbion," a typographical register in verse, of the several parts of England. He also brought the Sonnet to great perfection—some of his own Sonnets arc considered among the best in our language. Wootton, Davies, and Donne, all flourished about this time. Donne was a writer of what is called the Metaphysical School ; his poems are remarkable for obscurity, affecta- tion, and uncouthness of rhyme, whence Dryden observed of his satires, that they would be admired " if translated into numbers and English." In the midst of his deformities, however, there are many beauties, and his satires under the finished touch of Pope, show the value of the quarry from which these uncouth materials were extracted. Sir John Davies, who, in 1615, be- came Chief Justice of England, was in his youth, what is called a wild young man, and famous for interrupting the quiet of the inn of which he was a member, until at length, he was ex pelled the society, because, to use the words of Anathony Wood, " he being a high spirited young man did, upon some little provocation or punctilio, bastinado Richard Martin." However, his wildness wore off with his years, and if we are to believe the language of his tombstone, he was "a faithful advocate and an incorrupt judge ; and equally remarkable for his contempt of super- stition, and his attachment to sincere and genuine piety." If one could be placed in the midst of the times and characters that existed two centuries and a half ago—with our present knowledge, I wonder whether we should think it a tragedy or a farce, to be told that, on riding to the doors of the theatre, our horse would be held by a person named Shakespeare. Yet, such was tho occupation of him, from whose imagination sprung the devoted Juliet and the gentle Perdita—the pen- sive Hamlet—the jealous Othello—the crazed Lear— \and the ambitious Richard. That he was the son of a butcher, is well known, " he who held the dagger of Melpomene, bled calves before he killed tyrants, and addressed pathetic harrangues to the spectators of the un just death dealt to these innocent beasts." He married at eighteen—was taken be- fore a magistrate for poaching, and afterwards went to seek his fortune in London. " Poverty'" continues my authority, " pursued her children." Reduced to hold gentlemens' horses at the theatre doors, he disciplined a troop of intelligent servants, who took the name of " Shakespeare's boys." From the doors of the theatre, gliding behind the scenes, he held the place of call-boy. Green, his kinsman, an actor of Black Friars, thrust him from the wings on the stage, and from actor he rose to author." He was fifty years of age, before the quitted the theatre; where he is said to have acted the part of Friar Lawrence in Romeo and Juliet, and that of the Ghost (an Irishman would say, his own ghost) in Hamlet. He died, in 1616, scarcely conscious of having done any thing that posterity would care to hear of. His poverty, and that of Cervantes, who was his contemporary, is thus concisely re corded :— " Cervantes died in the same year and same month with Shakspear. Two documents specify the wealth of these authors. "William Shakspeare, by his testa- ment, bequeathed to his wife his second best bed. He left two of his brother actors thirty two shillings each, to buy rings. He constituted his eldest daugh- ter, Susan, his residuary legatee, and made some little presents to his second, Judith, who signed a cross at the bottom of the papers, proving that she could not write. " Michael Cervantes acknowledged, by note, that he had received, as the dower of his wife, Catherine Salazor y Palacios, a spindle, an iron skillet, three spits, a shovel, a rasp, a brush, six bushels of meal, five pounds of wax, two little stools, a four-legged table, a woollen mattress, a copper can dlestick, two quilts, two infant Jesuses, with their little clothes and shirts, forty- four hens and pullets, with one cock ! "There is, now-a-days, no scribbler so mean but would exclaim against the injustice of mankind and their contempt of genius, if he were not gorged with pensions, a hundredth part of which would have been a fortune to Cervantes and to Shakspeare. In 1616, there- fore, the painter of Lear's fool, and the painter of Don Quixotte, worthy fellow- travellers! set out together for a better world." As Shakspeare belongs rather to the dramatists than the poets, and I intend treating of the former in a separate lec- ture, what I should otherwise say of him here must be reserved for a future occasion. His sonnets form the chief part of his poems—and are the only portion of his works from which some idea may be formed of the character- istics and personal thoughts of the man. The same melancholy that pervades Hamlet, is discoverable in many of these sonnets, and it is evident from them that the poet had some secret shadow on his heart. We learn from one of them that he was lame—in most of them, we find some condemnation of himself, and a tone of despair as if conscious of not deserving the love which he solicits. Looking, indeed, only to his poems, I should not say that he had formed these elevated ideas of the passion of love, which we might expect from the painter of Desdemona, Hermione, and Miranda. There is something Byronic in his style of expression, when he comes to avow his own sentiments on this subject. The following, however, is in purer and better taste, and shews that he knew how to reverence, what he had either no opportunity or no de- sire to realize. " Let me not to the marriage of true minds, Admit impediments. Love is not love That alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove. Oh ! no ! it is an ever fixed mark, That looks on tempests and is never shaken ; It is the star of every wandering bark. Whose worth's unknown although its height be taken. Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bonding sickle's compass come ; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, Bu bears it out even to the edge of doom." To the dramatists rather than the poets belong, also Ben Jonson, Shirley and Beaumont, and Fletcher, but there are a few delightfully quotable gems from the first which want of time alone induces me to omit. Three days after Ben Jonson's burial, one of his admirers and convivial com- panions passing through Westminster Abbey, observed a stone-cutter about to replace the pavement over his grave. The exclamation of " O rare Ben Jon- son," escaped him as he gazed, and on the impulse of the moment, he gave the stone-cutter eighteen-pence to carve the epitaph which has since become so cele- brated. Corbet, Carew, Wither, Herrick, Shirley, and Davenant, are all worth quoting from. Some singular anecdotes are told of the first, who was Bishop of Norwich—a solitary instance, I believe, of the muse decking herself in the mitre. Here is a short and amusing account of the Bishop-poet. "He was distinguished as 'the witty Bishop,' yet of ' no destructive nature, to any who offende him, counting himself plentifully repaired with a jest upon him ;' but it must be admitted that he was often more merry than wise ; and not unfre- quently forgetful of the sacredness of his high office. The records that have been preserved of his pleasant sayings would go near to fill a volume. It appears that he could seldom control his ' fun,' either with reference to time or place. On one occasion, while his reverence was confirming, and the country people pressing forward to witness the ceremony, he said ' beare off there, or I'll confirm ye with my staffe ;' on another, while laying hands on a bald man he asked for ' some dust,' to keep his hand from slipping ; and on another, observing before him a man with a large beard, he called to him ' you behind the beard.' He would sometimes go with a crony into a wine cellar, put aside his episcopal hood, and say there layes the doctor,' then put off his gowne and say ' there layes the bishop' then turn to his companion, and say, ' and now, here's to thee !' A ballad singer having once complained to the doctor that he lacked custom, they there- upon exchanged jackets, and the doctor being an handsome man, and having a rare full voice, had soon a great audience, and vended much of the poor man's ware. Yet he is described as having an admirably grave and venerable aspect," and he undoubtedly possessed " ' Much good humour joined to solid sense, And mirth accompanied with innocence.' ' Up to the present time all the poets, in their addresses to their respective mistresses, appear to have been equally submissive, constant, devoted senti- mental, and melancholy. A livelier and manlier strain pervades the amorous effusions of Carew and Wither, who, in the matter of " sighing and dying," seem to have been much more disposed, to get out of patience than out of breath. Here is what Wither calls "THE SHEPHEARD'S RESOLUTION. " Shall I, wasting in despaire, Dye, because a woman's faire? Or make pale my cheeks with care 'Cause another's rosie are ? Be she fairer than the day. Or the flow'ry meads in May; ; If she be not so to me, What care I how faire she be ? " Shall my foolish heart be pin'd 'Cause I see a woman kind ? Or a well-disposed nature ; Joined with a lovely feature ? Be she meeker, kinder, than The Turtle-dove or Pelican If she be not so to me, What care I how kinde she be ? " Shall a woman's virtue move Me to perish for her love ? Or her well-deservings knowne, Make me quite forget mine owne ? Be she with that goodnesse blest, Which may merit name of Best ; If she be not such to me, What care I how good she be ? " 'Cause her fortunes seems too high. Shall I play the fool and dye ? Those that beare a nobler minde, Where they want of riches finde, Thinke what with them they would doe, That without them dare to wooe ; And unlesse that minde I see, What care I how great she be ? "Great, or good, or kinde or faire, I will ne'er the more despaire ; If she love me, this beleeve ; I will dye ere she shall grieve, If she slight me when I wooe, I can scorne and let her goe? If she be not fit for me, What care I for whom she be ?" This is really very ungallant, but the ladies have broken so many hearts that they can afford to hear the story of one that seems to have escaped their darts uninjured, if not untouched. These verses have been recently set to music in England, and I strongly recommend them to gentlemen—minstrels of the Alice Gray school, as requiring less palpitation, and exhibiting more courage than they usually have an opportunity of displaying in these unchivalrous and unromantic times. I say more courage, because if the lady to whom they were sung had not quite made up her mind as to the singer, they might, as far as he was concerned, dispose her to a consum- mation NOT most devoutly to be wished. You must all of you here heard of a song called "Cherry Ripe," — it was written about 230 years ago, by one of the most graceful poets of that time— Robert Herrick. Edmund Waller shines conspicuously among the poets of this time. His poems abound with mention of one Sacharissa—in plain English, Lady Dorothy Sydney—who accepted his verses, but refused his hand. After many years Sacharissa and the poet met, when the lady asked Waller when he would write such fine verses on her again. "O madam," said the poet, "when you are as young again." Let us pause for a moment—we are about to tread on consecrated ground. We are approaching the precincts of a light, in whose reflection the radiant angels might become more radiant still. In the various regions of poetry and the poets, through which I have hitherto led you, I have been as it were, but a scene-shifter in a drama, of which the dramatis personæ were the actors, and their imaginative creations the scenery. To impart some interest to the scene, I also, where the subject would allow, gave a brief history of the poet as well as of his works. The scene is again about to change, and as you may infer by the observations with which it is prefaced, the change is of no ordinary character. Tax your imaginations, and fancy that the curtain is now rising— solemn music playing as it ascends. It is a lovely scene before us—the country is a perfect Eden—a summers evening —still—warm—shadowy, and serene. Yet there is something melancholy in the scene—all is so mute and moveless —so beautiful—yet so lonely. It seems more like the landscape of a dream than of reality. The sun still smiles, but with a pensive eye, as if't would rather weep. The flowers droop—but more in dejection than in slumber. The trees are hushed like statues—their leaves lie stirless on the air, smooth and shawody as the silken eye-lash of beauty when asleep. Nothing is heard but the indistinct murmur of a distant waterfall or, at intervals, faint gushes of aerial music stealing tremblingly on the ear, like an echo that had lost its way in Heaven, and fallen to sigh its last on earth. Where are the inha- bitants of this soft this Elysian abode? whose voice is it that cries— "Adam where art thou"— two figures hurry across—there is a rustling as of 'a Cherub's wing—a flaming sword—the landscape fades—the scene dissolves— the voice of the Cherubim echoing as it fades—Behold Paradise Lost ! ! I need hardly tell you whom it is the the purport of this exordium to intro- duce. You will at once see that the shade now summoned from the ranks of departed genius—is the shade of Milton. let us survey him for a moment—how commanding his port how stately his tread—how lofty his brow—what ma- jesty in his look—what music in his voice. Truly might one of his con- temporaries thus address him. "If thy piety was equal to thy understand- ing, figure, eloquence, beauty and man- ners—verily thou wouldst not be an Englishman, but an angel." We can indeed only escape from adoration of this magnificently minded man—by remembering that to the Almighty source from whence he drew his inspi- ration, adoration alone is due. I say this magnificently minded man—for as a man alone—putting aside his claims as a poet—he stands forth like a moral Colossus in the midst of the troubled times in which he lived. Let us not lose this view of his character—we boast mightily about the liberty of the Press—do we ever suspect that the basis on which it is established was fixed by John Milton? His poetry delights and ennobles all who read—but it is in his prose works that we learn and com- nune with the man. That snarling pedant Johnson has done all he could to obscure the glory of these writings— and would have us believe that their author was a discontented partizan in- stead of an indignant patriot. One smiles, however at the idea of the Dictionary moralist professing to fathom the depths of such a character as Mil- ton. The fact is, though Johnson could afford to praise his poetry, it would not suit him to admire the sen- timents of his prose. As a late edition of his prose works says, " Prelates, and tithes, and kings, were not the burthen of his song, and therefore the poetry can be praised even by those whose souls are wrapped up in these things. While he soared away ' in the high reason of his fancies,' and meddled not with practical affairs of life, his enemies can be complimentary, and undertake to bow him into immortality. They would fain suppress all other monuments of this Englishman :—it remains for us to appreciate them. Let us never think of John Milton as a poet merely, however in that capacity he may have adorned our language, and benefitted, by ennobling his species. He was a citizen also, with whom patriotism was a heroical passion, prompting him to do his country ser vice, as was that ' inward prompting' of poesy, by which he did his country honour. He was alive to that was due from man to man in all the relations of life. He was invested with a power to mould the mind of a nation, and to lead the people into "the glorious ways of truth, and prosperous virtue." The poet has long eclipsed the man ;—he has been imprisoned even in the temple of the muses ; and the very splendour of the bard seem to be our title to pass "an act of oblivion" on the share he bore in the events and discussions of the momentous times in which he lived. Ought not rather his high renown, in this capacity, to lead us to the contemplation and study of the whole of his character and his works ? Sworn by a father, who knew what per- secution was, at the first altar to freedom erected in this land; he, a student of the finest tem- perament, bent on grasping all sciences and pro- fessing none, and burning with intense ambition for distinction—forsook his harp, "and the quiet and still air of delightful studies;'' and devoted to the energies of earliest and maturist manhood, to be aiding in the grandest crisis of the first of human causes : and he became the most, conspicuous literary actor in the dreadful yet glorious drama of the Great Rebellion. He beheld tyranny and intolerance trampling upon the most sacred prerogatives of God and man, and he was compelled by the nobility of his nature, by the obligations of virtue, by the loud summons of beleagured truth, in short, by his patriotism as well as his piety, to lay down the lyre, whose earliest tones are yet so fascinating : to " doff his garland and singing robes," and to adventure within the circle of peril and glory : and, buckling on the controversial panoply, he three it off, only when the various works of this volume, surpassed by none in any sort of elo- quence, became the record and trophy of his achievements, and the worthy forerunners of those poems, which a whole people " will not willingly let die." Such indeed was Milton—one cannot but smile to read him spoken of at the time he was Latin Secretary to Crom- well—as " One Milton, a blind man, employed to translate into Latin a treaty between Sweden and England." His blindess produced more mortifying re- sults. An Ambassador having com- plained to Cromwell of the delay of a diplomatic answer, the Protector re- plied "The Secretary has not yet pre pared it, because being blind, he pro- ceeds slowly "What! rejoined the Ambassador "have ye not been able to find in all England, any but a blind man capable of writing Latin properly." Did this anonymous Ambassador sus- pect what a smile posterity would have at his expence ? Milton's blindness is an affecting trait in his life—the more so that he lost that sight in writing those glorious works in defence of liberty, which preceded the composition of his Paradise lost. Hear with what sublimity he touches upon this visitation himself, in answer to the taunts that were continually being levelled against him, by the scribbling parasites of that royal libertine and buffoon Charles II. "In the night that surrounds me, the light of the divine presence shines the more brightly for me. God beholds me with greater tenderness and compassion, because I can see nought but Him. The divine law ought not only to shield me from injury, but to render me more sacred ; not on account of the loss of sight, but because I am under the shadow of the divine wings, which seem to produce this darkness in me. To this I attribute the affectionate assidui- ties of my frienns, their soothing atten- tions, their kind visits, and their respect ful behaviour." We see to what shifts he was reduced in writing by a passage in one of his Letters to Peter Heimbach. "' That virtue of mine which you call my political virtue., and which I would rather you had called devotion to my country—patriotism, enchanting me with her captivating name, almost, if I may so say, expatriated me. In finish- ing my letter, let me beg of you this favour, that, if you find some parts in- correctly written, you will impute the fault to the boy who writes for me , he is utterly ignorant of Latin, and I am obliged wretchedly enough to spell every word I dictate.' What an affecting picture is this— his home too was wretched ; of the three wives he married none could sympathise with or understand the greatness and refinement of his soul. His daughters too, deceived him by secretly selling his books, and his third wife Mary Powell, seems to have been angry with him for not violating his conscience in accepting office under the successor of Cromwell. His reply to her entreaties was " you arc a woman and would like to keep your carriage ; but I will die an honest man. " And he did die an honest man, and a poor one too hear how this honest poverty was once addressed by vicious Royalty. As he was walking one day in St. James' Park, he heard a cry of " the King, the King." " Let us withdraw." said he to his guide, for he was then blind, " I never loved Kings." As he withdrew, Charles II., thus accosted him. — " Thus Sir, Heaven punishes you for having conspired against my father." "Sire," replied the blind poet, " if the ills that afflict us in this world, be the chastisement for our faults, your father must have been very guilty." What a cowardly insult and what a noble reply !—the insult was worthy of such a King as Charles II—the reply worthy of such a man as Milton. Let us look at the view which the poet took of his own blindness—he did look upon it as a dispensation of Heaven, but in a manner which the hereditary Defender of the Faith could not com- prehend :— When I consider how my light is spent Ere half my days, in this dark world and wide, And that one talent which is death to hide, Lodged with me useless, though my soul more bent To serve therewith my Maker, and present My true account, lest he, returning, chide ; Doth God exact day- labour, light denied ? I fondly ask : but Patience, to prevent That murmur, soon replies, God doth not need Either man's work, or his own gifts ; who best Bear his mild yoke, they serve him best; his state Is kingly; thousands at his bidding speed, And post o'er land and ocean without rest ; They also serve who only stand and wait. The fact was, the poet disapproved not less of the political principles, than of the dissolute manners of the court of Charles II. The monarch knew this, and hated as all tyrants do hate those whose stainless lives are a reproach upon their own vicious career. In some lines of Paradise Lost, Milton gives a portrait not to be mistaken of the heartless King and his Bachanalian Orgies, in the severity and justice of which all who detest a bad Monarch will heartily join. This was what unfuriated the King—but for such a King to take Milton to task. O ! posterity, thou doest justice — tis well there is a future beyond the present, both here as well as hereafter. To think that, for a moment, such a thing, as this Charles II ; this shameless adulterer ; this crowned debauchee ; this compound of knavery and foolery ; this popinjay ; this jackanapes of a man as well as a King, should dare to pass judgment on such a glorious stamp of the Creator's seal as Milton—it is a possibility which would belong to the sublime, if it did not partake too much of the ludicrous. Milton, as we have before said, died poor— so poor that a short time before his death, he was obliged to sell his library. He died on the 10th of November 1674, in his 67th year, when as Chateaubriand beautifully ex- presses it, " that God who had dis- coursed with him by night came to fetch him ; and reunited him in Eden with the angels, amid whom he had lived and whom he knew by their names, their offices, and their beauty." The same writer thus describes his person and habits— "Milton rose at four in the morning during summer, and at five in the winter. He wore almost invariably a dress of coarse grey cloth ; studied till noon, dined frugally, walked with a guide, and, in the evening, sung, ac- companying himself on some instrument. He understood harmony, and had a fine voice. He for a long time addicted himself to the practice of fencing. To judge by Paradise Lost, he must have been passionately fond of music and the perfume of flowers. He supped off five or six olives and a little water, retired to rest at nine, and composed at night, in bed. When he had made some verses, he rung, and dictated to his wife or daughters. On sunny days he sat on a bench at his door ; he lived in Artillery Walk, leading to Bunhill Fields. " From without, insults were heaped on this the sick aud forsaken lion. They reproached him with his age, his ugliness, and his small stature, and ap- plied to him this verse of Virgil : " Monstrum horrendum informe, ingens, cui lumen ademptum." observing that the word ingens was the only one which did not apply to his person. He had the simplicity to reply (Defensio Autoris) that he was poor because he had never enriched himself ; that he was neither large nor small ; that at no age had he been considered ugly; that in youth, with a sword by his side, he had never feared the bravest." I find it impossible in this lecture to make more allusion than I have already done, to the poetry and works of Milton. I have been hitherto chiefly anxious to state to you a few facts and observa- tions, which may induce you to take an exalted view of the character of one, whose intellect was of such towering and gigantic stature. I would have you to feel that not only as a poet, but as a man, he stands upon- an equal footing with the best and noblest of his race. Read the contents of this magni- ficent volume, (his prose works) if you have not done so already, and you will then see in the presence of what a noble spirit and sublime genius you stand. None have yet approached him—as the Coliseum at Rome, surpasses all sur- rounding buildings in size and magnifi- cence—Milton, in his vast proportions, eclipses all surrounding geniusses. They and we all gaze at and admire him, but they cannot reach him—any more than the temples and palaces can reach the triumphal pillar which towers above them ! He is above them all—it is doubtful whether we shall have another Shakspeare ; it is almost certain we shall not have another Milton. I glory in belonging to the country that has produced him—may his name one day penetrate to the wilds of Australia, and in the mean time may abler pens and tongues than mine, take up the task of celebrating from this place, his genius and his praise—themes which 1 must now leave, but shall never cease to feel. [The lecturer introduced various other selections from the poets than those printed, but our space docs not permit of their entire insertion.] 