last ©nn$ytiu% FRIDAY MORNING, March 1, 1839. A VERY industrious, and a very ingenious attempt has been made to prejudice the interests of this journal, which we deem right to expose in its proper light, in order that the reflection may fall in its appropriate sphere, and the public judge of the value and weight to be attached to the particular mechanism which has been put in requisition in this instance, to control our rhovomontR. We thought we had already dismissed this subject, but as there are some people who linger a long time at leave-taking, and prolong the parting scene, for the sake of interchanging " more last words," and as we presume that it has been in anticipation of some such note of fare- well, that the matter has been again obtruded upon our attention, unwilling as we are to disappoint any portion of our readers in their just expectations, we proceed at once to discharge our office to them, and our duty to ourselves. And be it understood, that we do not offer this, as an explanation peremptorily demanded of us, in obedience to the dictates of any particular body of men, to whose ordinances, we are as little disposed to subscribe, as we are far removed from any desire to offer them offence. We owe allegiance to none-we adopt not the prejudices, neither do we yield to the solicitations of any party in this colony. What we do is in vindication of ourselves, and in the most fixed contempt for that underhand dealing which has been practised against us on this occasion. In order that the public may fairly judge of the merits of the case, it may be necessary to state that some months since, a letter appeared in this journal, bearing the signature of " Old Colo- nist," in which the following sentence appeared : " At an early period of his ministerial career, the Rev. J. Orton suffered a big imprisonment in the West Indies. And for what? Not Lo- cause he had laid any deep design by which he intended to deprive his neighbour of his goods or his life not because he had committed some crime which must fix a blot upon his character and that of his children to the latest generations but for no other crime than that of preaching the gospel of peace, the influence of which upon his own heart, then, even us now, enabled him to love his enemies, to bless them that cursed him, to do good to them that hated him, and to pray for them which despitefully used and persecuted him and were all The malicious boy king of Unit heart which " incited" the Bad "matter" in I lit article above alluded to (in the Colonial Times vented upon him, still would he endure hardship as a good soldier of the cross. " Now, before we touch upon the particular meaning which has been attached to these words, we may as well mention that the letter was written and inserted in answer to a very gross libel which appeared in the Colonial Times, on the character of Mr. Orton and it may also be worth while to add, as a very curious circumstance connected with the history of this transaction, that for certain supposed personal allusions contained in it, an action is at present pending against the Courier, at the suit of the proprietor of the former journal. The public will be enabled to appreciate the very natural connection which exists between this action, and the sympathy which has been so very ingeniously exercised in its direction. But as the mention of a particular case might fail to excite that requisite proportion of interest, sufficient to awaken general sympathy, a charge is forthwith trumped up against the Courier, as avowing illiberal and ungenerous views, and an attempt, as impudent as it was ingenious, was made to identify us with the principle of exclusiveness, which it is alleged this sentence inculcates-of carrying out a system of prescriptive tyranny against those who may have erred, but who, having paid the penalty of error, are free to participate in all the rights, privileges, and immunities, which can be conferred upon man in his social and political state. Might it not have occurred to some whose reasoning faculties were not blinded by prejudice, or led astray by passion, quietly to inquire if this journal advocated any such illiberal doctrines as were imputed to us, and which imputa- tion was sealed by the ready testimony of contemporaries, until the specious falsehood gradually assumed an appi ar ance of consistent probability? The letters they have forged for us may be ingenious in construction, but we can snap them asunder without difficulty. 'J ruth may for a time be distorted, but never can be suppressed. The tale was told and circulated-the meaning of the passage (which is obviously written in haste, and it may be in anger, and which we think in all fairness, cannot admit of the general interpretation put upon ital- though we know nothing of the letter, or its author, and are only called upon to vindicate ourselves,) was perverted to a general libel upon a considerable class of the community a number address, and an adroit spring, an immediate jump is made to the conclusion, that the Courier admitting the letter to bear the worst construction it has received-is the advocate of doctrines, which would visit the sins of the fathers not only upon themselves, but upon unborn generations yet to come. This is but a second manoeuvre in the practical part of the drama for we have yet to know, that a paper whose columns are open to the refutation of untruths, in inserting a letter of an indiscriminate correspondent, identifies itself with the particular views, tenets, or prejudices, which that correspondent may think it right to espouse. It is at least something new in the history of newspapers, unless we are supposed (and indeed the appearance of some of our con- temporaries may justify the conclusion,) to write letters to ourselves, for the purpose of drawing upon us a particular degree of interest, which we cannot otherwise captain. We are not ambitioUS of supplying our columns with that Corinthian holder of brass which gilds the pillared pages of their productions. The last act of the drama is yet to come, and is more comic in effect than suits such a grave occasion. In looking over the True Colonist some time since, we saw an attack levelled against the Courier, as advocating all those principles of intolerance to which we before alluded. We concluded (for we had not read it, that the letter contained all the particular points, dwelt upon with so much energy, and apparent zest, by our contemporary, and thought ourselves called upon to express our sentiments in consequence. We took " the ghost's word for the contents of the letter, without sufficient warrant, we admit-for he has proved himself but a hobgoblin after all-and repudiated with indigna- tion the opinions attempted to be fastened on us. The matter, we thought, would have ended here, but such a ler mines ion did not accord with the purposes of the principal contrivers of the plot. Like the Rye House one, which excited so much sensation in the reign of Charles the Second, it was necessary to prove that a conspiracy did really exist, and as penal enactments were passed, upon that memorable occasion, in Parliament, making it treason to doubt the existence of a plot, based upon such undoubted testimony as that of Titus Oates, we have accordingly a convention established here upon a small scale, amongst whom dark rumours are circulated, and believed, and resolutions passed, binding every man to the creed of their adoption. A pot- house conclave of thin-skinned individuals meet together, and forming their judgment-not on the merits of the case itself disregarding that altogether-but taking the misrepresentations of other journals, (which seize on the occasion with a pouncing avidity, betraying their poverty of circulation and consequent appetite for prey,) as their standard, they erect an inquisitorial tribunal, and condemn the Courier to the flames. Some " still small voice some remnant of conscience not thoroughly bigotted, or determined, and predisposed to believe everything against us, in the teeth of all evidence to the contrary, might have suggested that we had distinctly disavowed the sentiments imputed to us, nay more, that we had condemned them as repulsive and alien to all the best feelings of humanity; but there was no doubt a ready commentator to convert even our words into an admission of the principle which we rejected. And why was this? We unwittingly used the word " convict," at which the True Colonist, whose sympathies are so delicately attuned to the silvery tones of the dollars likely to accrue from a stray subscriber, starts up with a seemingly honest indignation, and denounces us as illiberal, un- generous, ungrateful, if not inhuman, and succeeds in imposing upon the credulity of certain individuals, and con- founding us with the original cause of offence which we intended to deprecate. But as Lord Brougham said on one occasion, when misinterpreted-" there was no mistake, there is no mistake, and there shall be no mistake," as to our meaning. Men must indeed be blinded with prejudice, to conceive offence at the following : " Once freed from bonds, good character and conduct should alone be the test of respectability and it were indeed a most monstrous assumption, to establish a line of demarcation, to exclude the children of convicts from all the benefits and privileges of society." " Nee lusissepudet sed non incidere madam," I own I've played-but what's my greatest shame', Is that I've never given o'er the game. The truest guerdon of respectability is in conduct and character, and if without these a man against whom no previous imputation has ever existed, is lost and condemned, shall one whose conduct after sentence is not regulated by the same rule escape uncensored ? Surely the fact of a man having become free by servitude is no passport to licentiousness But where, on the other hand, we see so many examples of men who have become free, fulfilling the duties of good citizens, and earning the best title to re- spectability in their good conduct in all the relations of life, who thinks of ever remembering their former condition, or attaching to them the slightest taint on that account? If such sentiments are imputed to us, once for all, we disown, disclaim, and denounce them. Y e have now said enough upon this matter. We have shown, as an odd coincidence, that an action for libel is pending against the Courier, for alleged pcritouuliucb contained in the much spoken of letter-we have shown that we expressed our abhorrence of the particular prejudices and opinions charged upon us, and which it required a tolerable amount of constructive ingenuity to generalise iron the sentence of the letter we have quoted we have shown, even admitting the correctness of the inferences drawn from it, that we have no sympathy in them-that we disavow and condemn them-we have shown that we have been misrepresented and misquoted for no worthy purpose, and that at the very time of the pending of an action against us, an agitation is got up a false alarm is raised, until the cry ac- quires some appearance of veracity-and if after this, we fail to convince the reader of the utter groundlessness of the charges made against us, and too readily abetted by the asseveration of the True Colonist, we shall for the future leave him to the undisturbed enjoyment of his own opinion, for if he is determined to make his bed one of torture-it must be of his own construction.-" We shall never interrupt his repose." 