ORIGINAL POETRY. THE CHURCH. "My dove, my undefiled is but one.--Fair as the moon, clear as the sun, terrible as an army with banners." Canticles, vi. 9, 10. Church of the Lord! how terrible art thou, And yet how beautiful!--for God's right hand Hath placed a wreath of glory round thy brow, And on a ROCK fix'd thine immortal stand. JESUS, the Son of God, his blood hath shed, To bring thy children from the power of hell: For thee, the thorny crown transpierced his head, And he was laid within the grave's dark cell. The Holy Ghost, his sanctifying rays, Darts in profusion on thy hallow'd ways. The blessed Virgin, glorious Queen of Heaven; The Angelic Hosts who wait before the throne; The holy Saints, to whom from God 'twas given To triumph o'er a world with sin o'ergrown; The Patriarch of old--men with whom God Conversed familiar; Prophets, who foretold Messiah's reign; Apostles who have trod In JESUS's footsteps--and who, tried like gold In the fierce furnace, now resplendent shine Brighter than stars in Heaven--all, all are thine! How beautiful art thou; Church of the Lord! With faithful shepherds watching o'er thy flock; Preaching the pure, the undefiled word Of God, unchangeable; while on the Rock Of Peter sits thy chief, o'er all In meekness ruling. Let us then obey, Since God hath placed him there, lest we should fall From our high privilege, and, on the way Which leadeth to perdition, headlong drive: They who grow weary ne'er at heaven arrive. Thy holy Sacraments, by Christ ordained, Give peace and comfort to the sinner's soul; The soul, which once with guilt of sin deep stained, In anguish writhed 'neath Satan's stern control, Pours out her grief in penitential tears-- Washed in the blood her great Redeemer shed, She sends to heaven her fervent heartfelt prayers, And finds relief:--for Christ our Lord hath said, "Whose sins ye shall forgive, the are forgiven;" And lo! the mandate is confirmed in heaven. Unerring guide! which God to man hath given, "The gates of hell" against thee have no power; Thy base on earth, thy stately dome in heaven, Shall stand secure to time's remotest hour. Error against thee never can prevail, For thou art holy, undefiled, and pure-- Thy ROCK is safe, God's promise cannot fail. For he hath spoken, and he will make sure His holy word; and earth's remotest bound Shall see thy glory, and shall hear thy sound. Thy faith is fix'd and ne'er can be o'erthrown, Though earth and hell their force against thee bend; For thou art mighty, truth is all thy own, And God's great glory is the only end Thou dost pursue: and oft thy "sighs and prayers" Thou sendest up to His eternal halls, That all may be converted, and their fears Casting behind them, come within thy walls. There, from their doubts relieved, at length find rest, And dwell for ever with the good and blest. Spouse of the Lord! how beautiful art thou! Angels and men rejoice to see thy face; Though Slander strives to mar thy beauty now, His arts e'er long shall fail, and not a trace Of his designs against thee shall appear. JESUS shall rise and scatter far thy foes, And thou shall stand the fairest of the fair, And 'neath the shadow of his arm repose. Then, Church of God! immortal on thy ROCK, Stand all unmindful of the billow's shock. E. J. HAWKSLEY. Kent-street, North, Nov. 30, 1839. 