CHURCH AND STATE. We have received a letter from " A Subscriber and Wellwisher," deprecating our publishing the inconsistent follies of “the Dancing Clergy.” He considers the publication may do mucli harm to the Church, and considers it consequently very imprudent. In this opinion we can by no means concur. It is a grand mistake to fancy that such gross inconsistencies and improprieties are not noted by the enemies of the Church, and turned continually against her with mighty effect, whether we notice them or not. They constitute a public scandal. They are' acts of dissipation in which neither Popish priests nor Dissenting ministers will engage. Though public, and there fore not necessarily the proper subject for private admonition, they are allowed by our bishops to proceed without effectual rebuke. Under these circumstances, we consider tiie safety and honour of the Church involved in denouncing the of fenders. The evil being brought fairly before us, we consider it our duly to denounce it. We are not of the number of those who can see evils only out of the pale of the Church. Those whose vision is thus contracted proalaim themselves, ii they are not considered hy others, to he the only true friends of the Establishment ; but they are in fact her must considerable enemies. Her honour and safety consists, under God, in the purity of her doctrines and the scriptural character of her practice — in her children " adorning the doctrine of God their Saviour in all things.'' And in adopting the method which we conscien liously believe to be, above all others, fitted to root out this scandal, we consider we are pursu ing the course most useful to the Church, most charitable to the offenders, and most in unison with our own character and profession. — Record, January 17. We copy from " The Record" the above paragraph, not so much to show that we are not singular in our opinions as to what ought to be the conduct of those set apart to minister in holy things, as to demon strate a truth we have more than once asserted, viz., that the Church of England has within her pale, many Popish Protes tants. How fully do we concur with the prin ciple so ably advocated in this inestimable Journal, truly does it say, " It is, a grand mistake to fancy that such gross inconsis tencies, and improprieties are not noted by the enemies of the Church", and turned against her with mighty effect, whether we notice them or not," Such unhallowed conduct can never pass unheeded by the reflecting mind. Were we tirictured with the veins of dissent, what an admirable subject has been afforded us by the course pursued by several of our clergy ; we might as dissenters usually do, when assailing the Church —point to our dancing Parsons, and fix the stigma which pertains to the delinquents, upon the principles of the Church itself, and tauntingly say, " what good thing cometh out of Gallilee" — but thank God, the Church can repel the in sinuation, her children can fearlessly assert that such unchristian, such disorderly prac tices are denounced by the Church, and are held to be abominable in her sight. While the British constitution retains aught of its primitive principle, wherever British laws govern, the Anglican Church is the only Church that can be legally re cognised as a Church established by law — the only Church connected with the State, but this undeniable distinction and supre macy is. in this colony, in point of fact merely honorary. Romanists and Dissen- ters derive pecuniary aid trom tne govern ment, upon precisely the same conditions with the National Church, and therefore the true supremacy of any denomination must necessarily depend upon the individual conduct of that denomination seeking su premacy. If greater indulgences have been un willing conceded to the Established Church, than have been measured out to, other sects, let her ministers show by their own con duct, that the Church deserves all, and more than was conceded to her by the Church Burking Act. Let, our clergymen prove that they are moved by the Holy Ghost to seek authority from the Church to teach its doctrines. Let their respective flocks witness . in them lives unsullied by the glaring corruptions and frivolities of the age. Let them exhibit in their own persons those marks of Apostleship, that even.the heathen may. be constrained.to say — see how these shepherds love their sheep. Fancy, reader, a clergyman being suddenly summoned from the luxurious waltz to the bed-side of a dying sinner— his head yet giddy with the whirlings of the dance — ms heart still panting and palpitating with emotions excited by his admiration of the Lady he has just handed to her seat. Imagine this man approaching the sick man's couch, with some scripture quotation on his lip, falling down on his knees by the patient's bed, to address a RIGHTEOUS GOD, IN BE- HALF OF A DYING SINNER — presume that such a minister really knows the Gospel (a stretch of imagination it is we admit), and that he proceeds to exhort the tremblin® sinner to put his trust in Calvary's bleeding victim— shall we go on'? No, we blush for the man who thus can act. We lament for the Church that is so infamously minis, tered to, and we tremble for the man whose bounden duty it is, as an overseer of God's heritage, who does not do all that in hint lies to cutoff such scandal from the Church We shall not at present pnblish the names of our Australian Dancing Parsons, but of this we beg to assure them, that so sure as they ever again insult the dignity of their office, and thereby cause shame and scandal to the Church of Christ, whose servants they are for Christ's sake, bv appearing m public balls, we will not only publish their names and addresses, but we will transmit them with our own notes and comments to the two societies, who are .so generously contributing their aid towards the advance- ment (as they suppose) of the cause of true religion in this colony. Our dancing parsons may, perhaps, laugh at our threats, but we can assure them that neither their smiles nor their sneers will deter us from discharging our duty. We know the effect such a statement would produce at an annual meeting at Exeter Hall; and we have personal friends who will feel it their duty to bring our charges forward. The Church of England Maga- zine ; The Record; and The Christian Observer, are, we are proud to say, open to our communications. They know us, and will therefore believe us. 