[?] Reasons for subscribing to the XXXIX. Articles .of the Esluhlished Church of England and. Ireland .- her Creeds and Confeisiotis of Eaith.- —By A Laymajl f Written for The Sydney Standard. Continued from our last . Article XVII. Of Predestination, a lib Election. To predestinate, or fore-ordain the damnation of an immortal being, is a startling proposition, one tiat seems at first view, to impugn the justice as well as the mercvof God. It is well to remem- ber that prescience, or a knowledge of events which are future to us,' is one of the glorious attributes of Deity. To Deity nothing is past, nothing is future, nothing is first, and nothing is Itist'; pas't,' preseiit, arid future, are terms of ex pression which refer to us' as the creatures of time; But Deity, as we are taught to believe, is Without beginning and without end. Another attribute of Deity is that which we designate 44 Omnipresence.'.' God is omnipresent or present every where, and always so, and to God all things are omnipresent or what we comprehend in the words past, present, and future; or, in a word, with God all things are always present. God is a just God, a merciful God, a righteous God, an unerring God, an immutable God. It is essentially requisite to keep constantly in mind that in God there are' no inequalities, that no one of his attributes can be depressed, of weakened, or put in abeyance, in order to elevate, or extend, or magnify, or enlarge the influence of another. God is equal in all things, immutable, unchange able. ' God called a world into existence, and peopled it with creatures possessing rational faculties. The presence of G'6d saw that sin would enter into the world, and tliaj. it would alter the nature of his rational creatures, and that this alteration would compel him to inflict a punishment that would, in numberless instances, extend to spi ritual death. God willed thut rnanshould possess a faculty which, if cultivated and attended to, would be sufficient to enable him to discern between good and eVil; that same faculty i would also enable man to perceive that hisj natural passions are all diametrically opposed to PvtHrr. ThiS perceptive power, or faculty of i riii. Mind, God o'rd&jned; should enable man to feel assured, (ihat less than spotless purity would deprive the sinner of ilie hope of mercy; because no man is practically sinful of necessity. Al though all men are sinful by nature, man was created upright, perfect, sinless; mnde in the exact image of the Creator, from which pure and perfect state' he fell liy ah act of moral illicitly ; tlie perlalty strtriKg film in the fafcfe did hot deter ,bim from the act of disobedience. .The justice of God demanded retribution. Mercy points reason to a means of escape, and reason implores of justice; strength to lay hoid of the appointed means; and justice responds. Mercy does not leave reason to its choice of means, lor wisdom has ordained the only means, and justice demands our acceptance of the Means which mercy has vouchsafed, the rejection of the appointed means by ourselves, brings us in guilty unto death.— Heath eternal. . The mercy of God provided a ransom for sinners— thftt ransom was the man Christ Jesus. Th£ sin to bfe atdned for was a sin unto death; committed by it being originally sinless, and justice required that the atonement should be . made by a being as free from sin, as the offender had been; Jesus became the victim, and in his lilimariilV suffered the full penalty of the eternal 15w. what langtlage can adequately express the <i£ep ilbte of rititude We ought to feej for so stupendous an act of sovereign mercy. Infinite love yet goes further— it enables ihose for whdm this costly rahsOtri has Been paid, to avail them selves of ifie rich blessings so purchased. Rea son prope'rly,exercise'd, shows clearly the neces sity for. embracing ihe proffered advantages; and sovereign grace, applied to our hearts by the power. of, tbe Holy Spirit, enables us to embrace it, which; having done, justice, that attribute so qwful in itself, impresses the ptirdonin'g seal on the repentant sinner's soul, and restores it to . light arid life. Believing, then; that Deity com prehends prescience, omnipresence, immutability, justice, and mercy, can I reject the conclusion that God hits aii elect number of souls in this world, sealed uiito everlasting happiness. Does it necessarily follow,, that because from tlie begin ning God kriew that many, very many, would reject, his proffered mercy ; that tlie doctrine ol election by grace, through faith, is a doctrine calculated to mislead the wayfaring sinner. . The ree'eption of the doctrine of predestination and 'election, lias been made unnecessarily offen sive by some who presume to think, find to argue, that the 'dobtririe of reprobation is neces sarily involved In ITibt of pYfd'ekthiatiori arid election— brie single text of Scripture upsets the argu,meptv. , , _ .".God willelh.not the death of a sinner.". It wop Id be incompatible with God's character to believe that he has created a certain number of immortal beings with a predetermined purpose ol damning them. The way of salvation is open toi all, but many rejqdt salvation, God's prescience of cqurse enabled itiip, U> know that many .would reject tlie means of Grace, and 'coiiseqberifly fall shorLpf glbry.' V ; , 11 'presume the testimony of scripture warrants me in coming to this conclusion, that all who are' smed, are saved by God's grace — through faith in Christ Jesus— and that all who perish, perish through their own fault, because they vuluniarily surrender themselves to become bond servants of sin and choose lo enjoy the fleeting pleasures of sin, rather than accept the proffered means of salvation, they ask not for a renewed nature, and without such, the enjoyments derivable from vital holiness, must lie to the unsaclified, a fore- taste of the hell, they seek. AnotheY specious objection raised against the doctrine of predestination is, that it is calculated to endotirage An'ti»ominni«m. As well and with much more propriety might it be urged that Ar- minianism is calculaied to foster principles akin to Popery; The great and good nieii of ihe Pre- destinarian School are too numerous to be quoted in so abridged n commentary as this. But the Book of Martyrs, and the history of the Re formation will testify that all who have suffered death' for the Truth's sake, were of this school. Article XVIII. Of obtaining eternal Salvn- tiononly by the name of Christ. They also are to be had accursed that presume to say that every man shall be saved by the law or sect which he prqfesseih, so that he be diligent to frame his life according to that law, and the light of nature. For Holy Spripture doth set out unto us only the name of esus Christ, whereby men must be saved. " Neither is there salvation in any other : for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved:" Acts i v. 12. How liberal religionists, no religionists, and Protestant Papists; interpret the cardinal truth set forth in this article of the Catholic Church, let Ihe increase of Popery, Infidelity, and Sec tarianism, answer. Is there not something very harsh in the very outset of litis article, says some comfortable easy-going professing Christian. Ol course, says such nn one, I thoroughly believe that Christ Jesus is the only Saviour, the piily appointed mediator between God and man, but then God is so merciful. I cannot think that all will go to perdition who do not think as I think. So many allowances are to be made for the in fluence of early education rind the prejudices ol association, besides all men are uot gifted with the same talent for discernment, and indeed there are so many minute circumstances frequently co-operating to bias our judgment upon points of Belief, that I cannot think an all-mercful God will punish with eternal damnation all those who do not see the .truth as clearly as others. If a tririn acts conscientiously up to what he believes to be his' duty to God, and faithfully discharges his duty to society, and is n good husband, father, arid master, surely a merciful God will not con sign such an one to eternal perdition 'because he might have had some doubts about tbe Deity of Christ or the personality of the Holy Ghost. I cannot believe it. God is too merciful, too gra cious, too slow to anger. This is the comfortable belief of comfortable fire-side Christians and ball- going minister's, I have ho doubt. But what says the Scripture — "That they all tnight.be damped who believe not the truth." The Hindoo, ihe' Mahometan, the Bhudliist, the fol lower of Conlucius, the Arian, the Socinirin, and the anything-ariun, may be, according to this comfortable mode of thinking, in as safe n condi tion with respect to eternity as the humble peni tent sinner, who having been enabled to see the naked, deformity .of Ins own' corrupt nature has been graciously led by the power of the Holy Ghost, lo lay hold of the sure mercies of David. The Catholic Church teaches upon the autho rity of the written vyord of God, that Christ is the. only Saviour and Mediator, and that those who reject the testimony giveri of his Deity reject also the blessings vouchsafed unto man through the mediatorial intercession of Christ. In point ol fact, those who reject the doctrine of this article must be Christ deniers. We cannot believe Christ to be the only mediator, and at the same time believe, that salvation may be attained in dependent of him. It is true those who are without the law are a jaw itnto themselves, and will doubtless be judged according lo the light they have received; but those who have been | born and. brought up in the blaze of Gospel I light, will not be judged by the light they have thought proper to receive, but by the light they ! have rejected. | I' cannot pferteive that this article requires any very lengthened defente, for (lie reason I have Assigned, viz, that those who object to this Article, must also object to d belief in the Deiiy of Christ ; and to defend it against such, would require my efiferiug into the Evidences of Christianity. 