THIS ALARM OF POISON. Keinble in the zenith of his fame, played Hamlet at Newcastle, when Bensley, who was the leading actor of that company, had the honour to be cast the Ghost. Kemble's high popularity made him, of course, a vast bugbear in a country theatre ; aud Bensley was much annoyed at having to second the greatness 5 f such an artist. Ac cordingly, ;lie studied the part of the Ghost, having got but short notice, in great tribu lation, almost xip to the' hour of perform- |auce; amazingly tormented by ail appre hension that the affair would,' in some way or other, injure his reputation. When the time came for dressing, Bensley 's fears i were not abated. He put on the Ghosts | leather armour, which fitted him horribly ; swearing by turns at the Ghost, the. armour, and the manager ; and all the while, at in tervals; repeating fragments from his part, as to his accuracy even in the text of which he was by no means entirely satisfied: At length the curtain rang up, and it occurred to Bensley that a moderate draught tali en in time, might give him firmness ; and there upon — still repeating his part at. inter vals— lie- summoned the call-boy to his aid. "Boy" (calling), "mart me !" (re peating) " if ever thou didst lliy dear father love" (this was out of the character) , " I am not in the habit of taking strong liquors on nights when I perform; but, prithee, go to the public-house at next door, and get me a glass of brandy fand. water." When' the brandy and water came, the first scene, of the play being going on all this wiiite, isensley, who had still the book in his hand; studying, drank it oil' at a Single draught ; but, as he set the empty glass down, to his surprise, and rather indigna tion, he perceived a strong red sediment lying at the bottom of it. Bensley was not a man to be trifled with. He imme diately sent the glass back to " The Crown," from whence it came, desiring moreover to know what the landlord meant by offering him so filthy a potation. W7ithin the next minute he was called to go upon the stage ; and, still grumbling about the liquor and the character, be walked down stairs, and made his entry as the buried Majesty of Denmark ; but no sooner bad John Kein- ble, with " Angels aiid ministers of grace defend us!" started on one side, lhau his eye caught the landlady of " The Crown" in the wings on the other, wringing her hands, and throwing her person into dread ful distortions, and calling on him for Heaven's sake to come off. Bensley made up his mind that the woman, as well as all the rest of the world, was frantic ; and went, on with his part as well as lie could/ it being in that scene only dumb show, beck oning and signing to Hamlet very solemnly with his truncheon, and looking' cannou- balls the other way at the landlady, who was so vociferous as to be heard almost at the back of the gallery, At length the time of exit came—" What the devil, ma dam, is the matter with you ?" " The matter ! — Oh, Mr. Bensley ! — Oh, forgive me — on my knees —miserable sinner that I am !" <fWby, what iu the name of the fiend ails the woman? — get up." "The glass— the brandy and water— the glass- red arsenic — oh, sir, you are poisoned !" "Poisoned !" /'Oh, yes — oh, forgive. me ! — My. eldest daughter set the glass on the shelf, with red arsenic for the rats ; I mixed it in the dusk—there was no candle — oh, on my knees !" As the written part drop ped, from Bensley 's hand, the scene had shifted, and Kemble added himself to the party. "Come, Bensley, the stage is waiting." "Sir, I can't help that, I'm poisoned." " Oh, poisoned !— Nonsense— the people, my dear sir, are hissing m the pit." " Sir, I — what can I do ? — 1 tell you I'm poisoned — I'm in the agonies of death !" " Well, 'but, my dear Mr. Bensley, if you are poisoned, you can play this one scene. What are we to do ?" And, in the end, Mr. Kemble, who did not know well what it all tneant, absolutely hurried Bensley on the stage, and they began the scene toge ther, Bensley playing the Ghost, under the full conviction that, in five jninutes, he. should be a ghost in earnest. The play, under these auspicious circumstances, : pro ceeds — Ham. — Whither wilt thou lead me ? Speak, I'll go no farther ! Ghost. — Mark me !— (Aside— I belie; ve I sha'nt be able to go much farther.) Ham. — Alas, poor ghost ! Ghost.— I am thy father's spirit.— ( Aside — Oh, that horrible brandy and water! I am dying.) Ham. — (Aside ) — Nonsense— stay a lit tle — you'll descend directly. Ghost.— (Aside) — I can't go on- Ham. — (Aside) — Then you had better go off — I'll apologise. Mr. Kemble then comes forward, and tells the house that Mr. Bensley is suddenly indisposed. In the meantime a surgeon has been sent for, who examines the poi sonous glass, and declares th at whatever it contains, it is innocent of arsenic. In the end the call-boy is again produced, when ! it turns out. that the peccant vessel was not the landlady's . of the .Crown at all, but that the messenger had himself earned a glass for the brandy and water with him from the theatre, and had, moreover, I tr fnbnn fU<»f TrrlnnVi (ILoiUiy 1 1 lai i j uiftGH lllCIL VTlJH.il LUilUUiivU the rose-pink, mixed to make "blood" for the murderers in the ensuinsr uantomime. — Mathews's Entertainments. 