THE FUNEREAL SONG OF THE GERMAN STUDENT. As it may not have occurred to many of our readers to have witnessed any such spectacle as the funeral of a German student, it will not be out of place here to give a slight sketch of the formalities which are observed upon this solemn occasion. The funeral takes place at night, and by torch light, each student being provided with a torch and marshalled into particular companies, ' distributed according to the clubs to which they belong, under the guidance of respective leaders or captains, who are caparisoned in a particular uniform, consisting of jack-boots, leather breeches, a military cut coat, with broad white belt, to which a sword is suspended, and to crown the whole, a cocked hat, with an immense plume of black-eyed feathers. Shortly before the bier is borne out, you will see these gentlemen very conspicuous, amid the glare of torches, marshalling their respective phalanxes, but not forgetting, even in death, the petty feuds and animosities which divide their different clubs, when chance should throw them in the way one of another. The Students march in two rows of single files, with a pace between sufficient for the swaying of the torches, and the swaggering of the black plumed commanders. The coffin is borne in the neighbourhood of the club to which the deceased may have belonged, and preceded by a band of music playing, the procession is begun, accompanied by a minister of religion. It is thus carried to the grave, with a train attendant of six or seven hundred students. Having arrived there, after the burial service is performed, and the coffin lowered down, all the students present join in the song, a translation of which is here attempted. The effect is most striking, from the solemnity! of the scene, the innumerable glare of torches, and the wild looks of the bearers, and above all, the immense volume of voice which is rolled through the Heavens, rendered the more impressive, from the stillness of the night. The song itself is but little suited to the occasion. As soon as this ceremony is gone through, the procession is reformed, the band again strikes up, and the town is once more paraded, and made to ring with many a chorus. At length the waning torches admonish a retreat, which is generally made to an open space where they are all heaped together, and form a large fire, around which insults are liberally bandied about, and to these succeed a certain number of duels as the necessary consequence. VOM HOH'N OLYMPe HERAB, 86. From high Olympus unto us was given Youth's fond, delirious dream : Then far away be pale-eyed heavy driven, That chills the heart's warm stream. Let our beakers ring, Whilst entranced we sing Joy to the jubilee Of merry hearts so free. Cast on youth's stormy ocean of delight, Of every joy partake, Until the coming of that endless night, On which no sun shall break. Let our, &c.; So long it pleases heaven, each loving heart Shall revel this life long ; And when the curtain falls, why, we'll depart, Our fathers.' ghosts among. Let our, &c.; Then brother come pledge to the loved one's weal That fires thy dream of youth Cheerio her honour loud, that she may feel Each tone the test of truth. Let our, &c.; Is there a brother gone to Death a prey ? We weep and wish him rest That peace may ever mingle with his clay, And that his soul be blest. Let our, &c.; ? ' ? - 