GEOLOGY AND REVELATION: BV THR. KEV. ENOCH POND, 13. D., PROFESSOR or THE- OLOGY IN THE THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY, BANGOR, U.S Continued from oitr last. In view of tlie interesting and important coincidences here noticed between geology and revelation, it surety is not enough to say of the former science, that it is not inconsistent with revealed religion. It is the handmaid of revealed religion. Its voice, 011 a great many points, is but the echo of that louder and more intelligible word, which proceeded from ancient men of God, who " spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." The inquisition which has been made in modem times into the interior structure and past history of the earth, demonstrates that the God of nature is the God of the Bible,aud that this holy book maybe depended on, as a faithful exposition of his truth and will. The time is within the recollection of many now living, when infidel writers were confident in their anticipations that the discoveries of the geologists would overthrow utterty the system of revealed truth. Brydone, Voltaire, and the French infidels generally exulted in the belief, that a light was beaming from the bowels of the earth, which would confound the advocates of Scripture, and explode utterly the Christian revelation. The issue of these high and boastful expectations is now before us. The investigations of geologists have been prosecuted— as they should have been—with the utmost ardour. Every accessible point, whether of mountain height or of ocean depth; of mine or cavern; of island shore, or volcanic steep, has been explored ; and the conclusions of all respectable geologists are now decidedly in favour of Christianity. The more distinguished geologists, both of our own country and of Europe, are professed Christians. Several of them are Christian ministers. Instances might be mentioned, iu which geological investigations have served to remove doubts in regard to the Divine authority of our sacred books, and confirm the unsettled faith of the sceptical inquirer. And why should they not? The coincidences which we have traced, between the teachings of geology, aud those of revelation, are sufficient to convince any one, that the consistent geologist must be a Christian;—that the unbelieving and undevout geologist is mad. The disappointment of infidels in regard to the results of geological inquiry is not a solitary one. A great many of like nature have been inflicted on them, in the progress of investigation on other subjects. A few of these it may not be inappropriate very cursorily to notice. Within less than a century it has been confidently pretended, that human beings are of different races. They are not all the descendants of a common father. God hath not " made of one blood all the nations of men, that dwell on the face of the whole earth." The representations of the Bible on this subject are false. " None but a blind man," says Voltaire, " can doubt that the whites, the negroes, the Hotten tots,Laplanders,Chinese,and American Indians, are distinct races." This assertion of the sage of Ferney, like most of his impious assertions, was echoed and re-echoed by his numerous satellites. But in the present stage of scientific inquiry in regard to the natural history of our race, the man who should utter such a sentiment would be scouted. It has been satisfactorily ascertained, after the most careful metaphysical and anatomical research, that the human family are unquestionably a single family, and that the declarations of Scripture on this subject are true. It has been pretended,within the last century, that the different languages spoken on the earth are so immensely numerous, and so widely dis- tinct,as to give the lie to the account in Genesis ; as to the confusion of tongues. This subject has been investigated anew, and investigated with great care and labour, The' result will be presented in the language of a learned archaeologist of the present day. After hating expressed Ihe opinion that the radically distinct langua spoken on the face of the earth are few, Wiseman adds," We are -driven to the conclusion that, on the one liand, these languages must have been primarily united in one, whence they drew the common elements essential to them all; and on the other, that the separation between them, which destroyed ho less important resemblances, could not have been caused by any gradual departure, or individual developement, but must have been occasioned by some violent, unusual, and active force, sufficient alone to reconcile these conflicting appearances, and to account both for the resemblances and the differences."* Such is the conclusion of mere scientific research, in regard to the different languages of men. It must he evident at a glance, how exactly it accords with the representation given in the Bible. Within the last two hundred years, the friends of revelation have been often assailed with the pretensions of some of the nations of the East to a prodigious antiquity. The Chinese and Japanese, the Egyptians and Hindoos, we have been told, possess unquestionable historical records, and astronomical observations which carry back their origin to thousands and perhaps millions of years previous to the Mosaic account of the creation of man. The taunts and sneers, the boastings and exultations of infidel writers and talkers on this subject, have been loud, and confident, and long. But with persons of information, of whatever religious sentiments, they have come to a final end now. The whole matter has been investigated; and the result is, that after every allowance which can reasonably be made, the Chinese, Japanese, and Hindoos, have ne claims to any antiquity higher than the days of Abraham. Egypt was settled at a very early period; but there are no traces of Egyptian history until about two centuries after the deluge. It would be impossible here to go into particulars on the interesting subject of antiquities; and yet there are a few incidents too amusing and instructive to be altogether passed over. Less than fifty years ago, an Egyptian relic, called the zodiac of Dendera, was transported into France. It was covered with unintelligible figures and hieroglyphics, and was declared by the infidel savans to be of a very remote antiquity. They did not doubt that it had existed long anterior to the Mosaic account of the deluge, or even of the creation. But at length the hyeroglyphics are deciphered, and the handwriting on the zodiac of Dendera is read; when it appears that it dates back only to the time of the Roman emperors, somewhat later than the commencement of the Christian era! In the last century, there was a Hindoo work, strongly resembling, in many points, the Christian Scriptures, translated from the Sanscrit, aud published. It was called the Ezour Veda. Voltaire pounced on it at once, declared it a work of great antiquity, and had no doubt that the leading facts of the New Testament were borrowed from it. What then is the history of the Ezour Veda ? The matter has been fully investigated, so that there is no longer any doubt or uncertainty respecting it. The Ezour Veda was written by a Jesuit missionary in the year of our Lord 1621, and with a view to promote Christianity among the Brahmins of India. It used to be said that the account given in Exodus of the building of the tabernacle could not be true; because the materials composing it could not have been furnished at that early period. The arts were not sufficiently understood. But it has been recently discovered that the arts were at their greatest perfection in Egypt, at the time when the Israelites sojourned there, and became " skilled in all the wisdom of the Egyptians." It used to be said on the authority of Herodotus, that the ancient Egyptiaus drank no wine; and of course that the story of Pharaoh's butler, recorded in Genesis, could not be true. But the researches of. Champollion and others have settled the question, that ancient Egypt abounded in vineyards, and that its inhabitants were in the constant use of wine. It has been said a thousand times that, admitting the Scriptures to have been originally inspired, they may have been essentially corrupted. The copies have been tampered with. They have been interloped. Passages have been foisted in, and foisted out, to suit the convenience of interested individuals, till we can have no confidence in the accuracy of what remains. To this, it need only be said in reply., that the subject has been laboriously and critically examined, and it has been ascertained to a demonstration, that the various readings are of no essential moment. They are somewhat numerous, as might be expected, the books having passed through tlie hands of thousands of transcribers ; but in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, they consist in the mere accidental change of a letter, or a point, which makes no essential variation in the sense. These instances have been introduced for the" purpose of showing, that the disappointment of. infidels, in regard to the results of geological inquiry, has not been their only disappointment. It is but one among a great many others of a similar character. Defeated in one course of inquiry, they have fled to another; and foiled here, they have resorted to a third. They have appealed to the heavens for a confutation of our sacred books. They have cried to the sun, and moon, and stars, " Come, curse ye them from thence." They have uttered the same cry to the rocks and caverns of the earth," Come,curse ye these hated books from thence." They have looked to hoary legends, and crumbling monuments, and the catacombs of ancient kings, and have stud in despair, " Come, curse ye them from thence." But the curse, in every instance, Lectures, &c.;, p. 67. has been turned into a blessing. And so it always will be. Scientific investigation, fairly and thoroughly conducted, must always turn to the furtherance of Christianity,. For what is" science, but knowledge of nature's laws ? And what are nature's laws, but rules which the Supreme Being—the God of the Bible, has prescribed to himself, in carrying into effect his vast designs ? The God of nature and the God bf the Bible are identical; and hcnce a consistent and thorough investigation of nature—tlie more thorough the better—must always tend, as in the case of geology, to illustrate the nature and support the evidence of Bible truth. None but smatterers, dabblers in the study of nature, as a general thing, become infidels, or are in any particular danger of becoming such." Was Newton an iufidel ? Were Boyle, and 1 Bacon, and Leibnitz infidels ? Were Cuvier, and Davy, aud Bentley infidels ? Yet before diese hierophants in nature's temple, the puny infidels of modem times may well retire abashed, and " liide their diminished heads." " No system ever laid itself open more completely to detection, if it contained any error, than that of Christianity. No book ever gave so mauy clues to discovery, if it tell an untruth, as the sacred volume. In it we have recorded the earliestand the latest physical revolutions of our globe; the dispersion of the human race; the succession of monarchs in the surrounding countries, from the. time of Sesostris, to the Syrian kings; the habits, manners, and languages of various nations; the great religious traditions of the human race; and the recital of many marvellous and miraculous events, not to be found in the annals of any other people." Add to this, that it is the work, not of one hand, but of many, between whom there could have been 110 collusion or design; and 1 appeal to the considerate reader, if there ever was a book whicli, if untrue, if an imposition, presented so many chances for detection and exposure. And yet its leaves were thrown fearlessly open, from two to three thousand years ago, to the investigation of philosophers and critics—to the scrutiny of friends and foes. Its leaves have lain unfolded from that time to the present, inviting discussion—inviting research ; saying virtually, like its great Author, "Testify against me if you can;" and it has passed tlie ordeal; it has stood the test. Its evidences, so far from being weakened by the labours of critics, the researches of philosophers, and the lapse of time, are becoming continually strengthened. Dark passages are brought out into light. Seeming discrepancies are reconciled. What were regarded as difficulties two hundred years ago are found such no longer. " Every science, every pursuit, as it makes a step in its own natural, onward j progress, increases the mass of our confirmatory j evidence." The very efforts of infidels are made to recoil on their own heads, and arc over-ruled for the establishment and advance-' ment of the Gospel. Aud shall Christians j tremble now for the safety of their precious ark ? Shall tbey fear now, that the progress of any real science can shake the foundation of their hopes ? There are many Christians, it may be feared, who have 110 practical conception of the immoveable security of that foundation on which it is their privilege to stand. They are easily terrified at appearances. The boastful pretensions of some infidel hypothesis, some misnamed science, alarms them. Or, what is worse, they are drawn away, it may be, for a time, from the clear shilling light of heaven, to follow iu the glare of.some meteor, or mock sun. .The subject here discussed is calculated to impress upon all Christians the folly of such terrors—the guilt and danger of such aberrations. In the faith of the Gospel, we have a rock beneath our feet; and it is our own fault if we leave it, and become lost and buried in the sands. "We have a sure word of prophecy, to which we do well to take heed, as to a light shining in a dark place;" and it is our own fault if we turn from it, in the pursuit of wandering stars. There will be dreams and visions, plausible theories aud lying vanities, in days to come, as there have been in days past. There will be false pretenders to science, speaking great swelling words, and leading unwary souls astray. But let the Christian possess himself iu perfect peace, as most assuredly he is in a situation of perfect security. The storm may rage around him for a season, but it will pass over. The lightnings may flash and the thunders roar, but they will ere long be hushed. And Christianity will come out of every new trial, as it has out of every previous one, strengthened in ils evidences, and not weakened—victorious, and not vanquished. But in speaking thus confidently of the truth of Christianity—of its eternal, inflexible truth, are those who profess it aware, in all cases, of what they affirm ? What is Christianity ? What does the sacred volume teach P Its conclusions, in many points, are coincident, as wc have seen, with those of science; but in various other points, it discloses what no more science ever taught, or ever can. It publishes truths— and this is the reason why it has been so violently assailed—truths, humbling to the pride of man, startling to his fears, wounding to his carnal peace, ana fatal to his unfounded hopes. It tells of guilt—awful guilt; and of impending judgment—awful judgment. It tells of a Deliverer, who saves all that embraces and follow him, but who punishes all others with an aggravated condemnation. It tells, not only (like geology) of melting elements and burning worlds, but of a great white throne, and of Him who is to sit upon it, before whom the earth and die heavens are to flee away. It shows us the rising dead, the assembled worlds, the open books, the final awards. It shows us heaven— and it shows us hell. It calls us to look upward, and behold the unmiugled joys and glories of the saved. It permits us to look downward, aud listen to the wailings of the lost. Here" are truths—and they are truths, if Christianity is true—which, for solemn interest and impression, cast all others into the shade. Here are truths, on the heights of which the {Christian mjiy plant himself, and look far down= upon mere;, questions of science, as manhootl looks upon .the baubles of infancy, iqr .as .ait angel may be supposed to look upon the. trifling pursuits of men.' ' 1 ' ' Of the reader of these pages may l he per-^ mitted to enquire,before we part, Ddybu'belieVe. the truths of the Bible? Dare you disbelieve them ? Or perhaps I might better inquire, Bare you believe them? Dare you feel, and live, and act, in all your intercourse with the world, as though the Bible, was the triitb of God ? I know there are some, who are very ready to profess their belief of the truth of Christianity, and then live as though there was no truth in it. ' But what good can such a belief of Christianity do? Must it not to those who nersist in it, do immense hurt ? Must it not afeepen the stains of their guilt, and aggravate their final condemnation ? I know, loo, there are some who would receive Christianity in the gross, while they reject it piece-meal.' They would have the credit of receiving it, while they are bent upon explaining away its solemn truths. But what good, I ask again, can such a reception of Christianity do us ? What good can the mere covers of the Bible do us—although they be gilded covers— when its precious contents are all torn out ? What good can the chapters and verses, the words aud the letters of the Bible flo us, when their solemn meaning is discarded ? Assuredly there is but one course whicli those who have the Bible, and who profess to believe it, can with propriety pursue. Let them henceforth live as though it were true. Let them shape their faith and form their characters according to it Consistency requires as much as this of them; and the God of the Bible requires 110 more. A character consistently formed on the basis of the Scriptures is a Christian character, and entitles its possessor to the Christian's reward. 