To the Editor of the Australasian Chronicle. The Daily Portion and the Bible weighed in opposite scales Here are two volumes ; the one circulated by the Priest, the other by the Parson, let the world read and judge where the balance lies. Your paper of the 6th ultimo has just reached me containing your defence of the practice of your church in circulating and sanctioning books of devotion containing obscene and filthy interrogatories either to be used by persons preparing for the Con- fessional, while under self examination, or to be used as we shall prove by the priest to his persistent' in confession and in this defence I perceive you twist no less a champion than the Bishop Of North ich, who, you would persuade us, is an admirer of Dens' Theology, and therefore it for a seat in the Conies annual, while, as for yourself, judging by your Scripture references, we fear, indeed, that pearls has been cast before swine, when the Word of God was put in your hands. But to the defence in which you first attempted to justify the use of such productions (filthy productions) us have been recently exposed by a comparison of them with portions of God's Word. Secondly. You deny that the questions exposed are employed by priests in the Confessional. Thirdly. You attempt to show, by extracts from the Bishop of Norwich speech, that (he obscene portions of Dens' Theology, are so very insignificant to the whole work as not to merit censure. Fourthly. That intolerance is not confined to the Church of Rome, but peculiar to the Church of England likewise. In justification of your favourite pro- duction Daily Portions-you inform us of your ardent burning zeal in the distribution of this holy and heavenly inspired book, and thence proceed to quote some of the contents of it-as much as to say although there is something obscene in ii something needing explanation, there is nevertheless something good iii it. This reminds us of what we often hear as a kind of justification of immorality ; poor fellow' he is a drunken fellow, it is true ; but after all, there is something good in him he is better than people think. So with 2Vie| Daily Companion, to be sure that view is something filthy in it-but, look! behold there is much that is good in it ; read these extracts, dear friends; and then, though there are a few blots and blotches in it, nevertheless we recomm ntl stayer wives and daughters. Now, if this were all (although we feel disgusted assizes sophistry), yet we would allow the editor to enjoy his conceit, and to digest the bitter and the sweet, the filthy and the holy portions together; but not satisfied with this justification, you attempt a parallel between the Word of God and the word of man-between a Divine Revelation and a humanly composed book ; a parallel between what your own Church acknowledges to be the communication of the Holy Ghost the mind of God-and a two-and-sixpeuny prayer book, why, we feel that silence in such a case would be criminal. i Here, however, you only follow in the steps of your ghostly father Dr. Ullathorne and Romanists in general, who know well the importance of vilifying und degrading that book which was mainly instrumental in bringing about the Reformation, and which Romanists dread to see in the vulgar tongue and amongst vulgar people ; like Judas who kissed his master to betray him, Papists profess to venerate the Scriptures, yet would have them considered obscene, productive of evil, and unfit for general use, insomuch that to save personal defilement your Priests have used a pair of tongs in committing them to the flames. The Pope less loose a Hull upon the Bible Society, your Priests pronounce the Bible too obscene to be quoted and you, the Editor of a Popish paper, would bring the Word of God down to the level of The Daily Companion. The Pope the Priest-the Editor, all venerate the Scrip- cure-all acknowledge them as the Word of God; but all combine in undermining their sanctity and authority. Protestants distribute the word of God without distinction of persons, because God has no where directed that any distinction should be made. Now, we argue if the Bible had been unfit for general distribution, God being all wise (wiser than the Pope, Priest, or later) would certainly have put a proper limitation upon his sacred word, whereas we find no re- striction, for Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people, so THEY read in the book of the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense and caused them to understand the reading. " I write unto you is the children-I have written unto your fathers-I write unto young men's John, 11 ch., 12th & 12 by White, again, Protestants circulate the whole Scriptures because God denounces a cure for adding or taking away from them-we likewise circulate the Scriptures because we are required to search them because where withal shall a young man cleanse his way 1 Not by Peter Dens, or True Piety, nor the Daily Companion, but by taking heed according to thy word, because the Scriptures declare that the man of sin shall be consumed by the spirit of the Lord's mouth. Now, Sir, where is there any such Divine authority on the part of your Church for circulating such works as the Daily Companion, True Piety, and, though last, not least of all, Dens' Theology! And if so, in point of authority, there can be no paid a Iel. But it is in respect of use that the parallel materially fails. Were Ministers to select and mark the passage in question for members of their flocks to examine themselves by, to study their hearts and prepare themselves for the Confessional thereby, then, indeed, the Bible would be abused and the Minister guilty of pandering, to lust and un cleanness; and here it is we complain justly and loudly of the Roman Catholic Priesthood that the flocks are required to examine and prepare themselves for confession by these beastly productions the Priest virtually says to the youth, the virgin, and the man on here is a catalogue of sins, examine which of these you are guilty of here make yourselves familiar with these beastly crimes, and then come to me that you may relate them to me, and although I may not ask, jet at your peril (whatever may be the anguish of your heart, the modesty of your feelings you must not keep anything back, you must not be bashful, the more filthy it is the more it needs to be exposed. Where, then, the parallel either as regards authority or use, and I need not, surely, add as to composition or knowledge ? Our wives and daughters read history, plays, c, and view pictures and statuary in which some things startling to modesty are either to be found or seen, but were a vile rascal, under the cloak of religion, to call their attention to these, to require them to examine their passions, and to explain their feelings by these relations or sights, we ask what would he (he indignation that would fill a husband's or a father's heart ? as for my own part I should be more likely to use a crab-stick than a case to such a man's shoulders ; yet, what is the Confessional but 50,000 times worse, where, under the sacred garb of religion, and under the affectation of piety, a Priest, blasphemously assuming the power of God to forgive sins, inculcates what? virtue!!! holiness!!! nay, but monstrous to say, obscenity, and then indeed such defenders as you of the Holy Popish faith adduce the word of 6 of claim justification, and Protestant practice, sanctioned by that word, in support of these abominations. Is this not the mystery of iniquity, yet, how truly it is written " that God shall send them strong delusions that they should believe a lie." Dm, secondly, your denial of these in- interrogations in the Confessional. " They are not used by the Priest in the Confes- sional as a catechism or in any other shape." No, perhaps this may not be necessary in all cases, for the poor priest-ridden penitent is obliged, in order that his or her confession be sincere, to avoid all ambiguity and expose the state of conscience with greatest candour (True Piety p. 76.) *' We must state every fact just as it is ;" by this the filthy work of confessing, these Willeroo gaieties is thrown upon the unfortunate penitents who must have cast modesty and propriety overboard, and it is well if she does not make shipwreck of virtue too. None but females (rained from their infancy to this holy duty could be so far degraded as to use sight of their sexes' dignity as to submit, in the first place, to such an examination of conscience, and then in the second place, to the rehearsal of it. But it is not true that such like interrogatories are not put to penitents; Miss Byrne's statement flatly contradicts this-Dr. Ul ladiorne's admission of his skill in the con- fessional, and Peter Dens' directory, all ] give this the line. We believe Miss B. that no bashful female would wish to confess to any other pi rest than one who may be either deaf or drunk. Next comes the defence of Dr. Dens. And here a Protestant Bishop is brought into a court to plead his dirty cause-Oh, how wise the devil is in his generation he takes advantage of the Bishop's credulity and charity to make him advocate what he is bound to condemn-" filly communica- tions." Nay, says the Bishop, Peter! Dens is a voluminous work, containing j 3,200 pages, and the objectionable passages alluded to at Exeter Hall occupy not I quite four ; it is evident therefore from this advocate's pleading, that there are nearly four pages of objectionable matter in this system of Theology, or rather Demonology ; yet the Bishop of Norwich thinks] that this should not have called forth cen- sure sir the Bishops who sanctioned it, advocating that because the work is volume nious, the sanction given was justifiable, although it contains near four pages of objectionable matter-a pretty license indeed, something like what you advocate respect- ing the Daily Companion, because it contains many good things in it, therefore it is admissible, its co attaining some bad things the logic of the school-; if so it is not the logic of the Bible- Would his lordship consent that because his tithes were extensive, therefore the withholding a small portion of them would be justifiable, nay, he would (feel this in his pocket and he 113ft to have felt the other in his heart. Why do not the Roman Catholic Bishops expunge these four pages ; why sanction one page, one line of such filth ; how would his lordship's flower garden look with a dung pit in the centre of it has he not read of those who do evil, I that good should cam-' whose damnation j is just." As for intolerance, we confess that our Church is bad enough ; her canons are old rusty guns, which should have been cast over the battlements long age ministers are not obliged to subscribe to them all but if our Church be intolerant, pray Mr. Editor, what is yours as the mother of all Churches. 9 Intolerance, without a re- deeming charity. Is there any other True Church besides the Holy Catholic Church? No-as there is but one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, there is but one true Church. Are all obliged to be of the true Church ? Yes, no one can be saved out of it (Butler's Catechism, p. 29.) Now, Mr. Editor, this is the milk upon which you feed and nourish your babes ; this is the education for which Protestants ought to be liberal enough to pay for; this the religion Protestants ought to support ; here is its ob- security in one volume, and charity in the other. " Let the world read and judge where the balance lies." " When liner Silvia could no longer conceal her shame, she charged the God Mars with being the cause of a " And what, sir, with you, when the shame of your Church can be no longer concealed-why more impious than this Heathen you boldly justify the infamy of your Church by charging the Scriptures with obscenity ; well may the infidel laugh, and the Christian weep at such profanation as this. WICKLIFF. 3rd September, 1839. 