The Courier. FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 1, 1839. WE publish underneath the rccom mcndaiion of the Parliamentary Com- mittee on Transportation. We cannot say mud) either for its wisdom or its practicability. Surely they need not go 16,000 miles to build penitentiaries for transported offenders, there to itmnuie them, until the period of their sentence shall have expired, willi the prrispprtivo purification of a voyage home. Then again, those who have undergone their sentences ' at home,' in consequence of the stigma attaching to their characters as convicted offenders, are to be enabled to leave the country in order to regain their former position in KOoiely. This is Hibernian legislation indeed ! Where | are they togo to? Are we to have a system of exchange with the peniten- tiaries ' at. home''-that those who have served the period of their sentences there, may be shipped here, and that we may reconvey our wares to England ? This is a beautiful system of reciprocal dealing. It cannot be expected that a man who has been immured in a peni- tentiary for seven yeal s will on quitting its walls feel disposed to abandon his home and country, (for there are ties which bind even the worst to the soil of their nativity), even though alienated from all those affections of family and kindred, which might reconcile him to hi» adverse lot-for the chance of ob- taining a precarious existence in a distant land; and yet this is to be extended as a boon-to be held out as an inducement to him in confinement-an El Dorado of golden dreams and happy prospects, where all his troubles are to cease To the convict on the expiration of his sentence in this country, there is some inducement to remain ; he may have had his ticket-of-leave and made money and formed connections, and has a good prospect before him ; but without these appliances there is not one amongst them who would not return to England the fii st opportunity that afforded. But is it to be believed that after a long im- prisonment in a penitentiary, apart from the world, secluded and remote, he will on his release immediately abandon his country for the chance of an existence, I when it requires the strongest induce I ineuls in another clime to restrain him from returning thither? We think the committee have formed a very improper estimate of the characters for whom they wished to legislate, and if a measure should follow on their resolutions, which we do not think probable, we feel satisfied that it must be of a crude, unsatisfactory, and totally incomplete nature for the pur- poses to which it is meant to apply : ' 1st-That transportation to New South Wales and to the bcttltd distrkts of Van Dieiueu's Lund shouid be discontinued as boon us practicable. 'zud-Thal crimes now punishable by transportation, should in future be puniahed by confinement, with hard labour, iii peni teutinries ul home or abioad, for periods varying from two to li f leen j ears. ' 3rd-That lor the purpu.?e ol' effectually maint lining discipline and subordination amongst the com ¡ela sentenced lo confine- ment abroad, of promoting the legitimate ends for vi Inch punishment is inflicted, mid alco of preteutuig a recurrence of lhot,e social evil» which have been found by ex- périence to result from transput tnlioii us hitherto conducted, the penitentiaries, or houses of confinement, that may be established abroad, bhull as fur as possible be strictly limited to those places wherein lhere ure at present no five »ettl'TS. ' 4th-'finit on account of the difficulty which a convict finds in this country in pro- curing the weans of buue»t livelihood alter the expiration of his sentence, and on ac- count of the temptations to which he is there- by exposed, it would be advantageous to establish ti pinn by which a convict might receive encouragement to leave the country with tim prospect of supporting himself by rcgulur industry, in ultimately regaining the place in society which he had forfeited by erinie ; thal if such encouragement were limited to convicts who should have con- ducted 'themselves uniformly well during their confinement, it might nt the same time operate as .in encoiimuenicnt lo good be- haviour during confinement, and illicit con- siderably diminish the prejudice which must, to n certain degree, attach to any person known to have boen convicted of a serious offi-nce. 'Sill-That the convicts who have been punistii'd abroad, should be compelled lo leave the settlement in which (hey have been punished within, n limiled period utter the expiration of their sentences, mid that ni«aiis should be afforded thom by the government tor this purpose.' In referring last week to the measures to be adopted under the new system of penal discipline, we were made, by an error of the press, to commit a very material error. In speaking ol' the fixed maximum rate of wages allotted to tickct-of-leavc men, of which there arc two grades, we are made to say tnat no difference is to be made in either class, whereas it should have been in ant/ class, alluding to the trades and different occupations of the men. Thus a first c'ass ticket-of-Ieave man cannot under any circumstances receive more than £¿0 a-ycar under the new system; but on procuring the second, (we name them in the order in which they are obtained), he is virtually free to follow what occu- pation, or make any demand, or resido, where he chooses, there heinn only the check of giving notice of his place of residence to the proper authorities at the stipulated periods. The tickct-of leave men of the first class aro to be allowed to reside in towns when they obtain places, which will in a great measure obviate the inconveniences at- tending the doing away with assignment, as well as afford a supply in place of free labour. It will be seen from this, that the difficulties of carrying the plan into effect arc fully contemplated, par- ticularly as emigration is almost a dead letter hero, and bears no proportion to tlwtt in New South Wales. The too sudden abolition of assignment would, therefore, entail the most serious grievances on the colonists. The new arrangements are not to affect servants now in assignment, unless they shall be found guilty of some offence for which they shall be sent for punish- ment to the roads, in which case they are not to be returned to their original em- ployers, if in town service. It has been suggested to us, that were the same plan adopted towards these as is pursued under the new system, many would risk the commission of an offence in order to ob- tain a ticket-of-leave, which at the farthest they would procure in a twelvemonth ; a much less time than they could possibly obtain it under the old regu- lations. This, however, is a piece of refined policy that few we think will feel disposed to follow, particularly as there Is a restraint of wages imposed on them, which would be their greatest inducement for any such hazardous experiment. Though some inconvenience will, no doubt, be felt at first from the effects of the new change, we are convinced that, eventually, it will conduce to the benefit of the colonists. They will have a much better class of servants than exist at pre- sent, while the scale of wages adopted will afford an opportunity of testing the improvement in their moral condition. One of ;he arguments against the present system is, that the servant is placed in a tantalizing position between his own an- noying sen»e of obligation to labour, and the conviction that he is altogether shut out and barred from the smallest share in the benefits by which iic is surrounded. The temptation becomes therefore too strong for his nature, which at the best of times may have had rather undefined notions of the community of good», mid be resorts to every- subterfuge to defeat the vigilance of his master. Under the new system that temptation will be alto- gether done away with : and relieved from a probationary state of toil, on obtaining employment he will at once find himself in the possession of money sufficient to maintain him, which will both give him a feeling of independence, and ani- mate him to still further exertion to arrive at a state of comparative freedom. Or if this arrangement should tail in producing these effects, as doubtless it must in many instances-for we cannot argue on human perfection-the aban- donment of the individual will at once be- come too notorious to escape detection. Prompt punishment will follow, and he will nguiu be reduced to the original position from which he started. We cannot but admire the assumption which coolly prcmit-ps that this new change is all Captain Maconochie's plan. On comparing the reports, our readers will find that the greater part of it pro- ceeds from tile recommendation of the Chief Police Magistrate. Whatever credit is due to Captain Maconochie, for the zeal and ability he has manifested in the cause, his supporters arrogate a greater claim than is justly due to him upon this occa-ion. We wonder they have not brought forward the gangs of six, five of whom are to be men of com- paratively decent character, while the other, an acknowledged reprobate, is to be linked to them for the sake of im- provement, which is to be effected by punishing the five whenever the sixth commits an offence. This is the height of penal philosophy, and yet it is one of Captain Maconochie's moral training plans ! The gravity of the Tasmanian is of that drowsy order, that loves not to be disturbed in its solemn lethargy, but like a standing pool which has been ruffled for a moment by the breeze, mantles again to its original consistency, and amidst flags and bulrushes, affords friendly shelter to the prolonged music of the frogs. At the risk, however, ot enduring hard names, we shall venture to stir it up once more, and though the elements are not those with which we willingly deal, as they tend to sow dis- cord where wc would rather plant peace, we are compelled to summon Captain Maconochie's ghost again, even though we should " displace the mirth with most admired disoider." We are charged with misrepresenting the meaning of our contemporary on the subject of Captain Maconochie's application for theCavcat Board. According to his assertions, the appointment was refused that gentleman " in 1837 or 1838," on the ground that it was estenfial a lawyer should hold the office. His argument, therefore, rests on this presumption alone, which would infera similar obligation in 1839-a ne- cessity which was overlooked in the case of Mr. Champ Now, in the first place, there is a great looseness about the dates here commemorated ; for we were not aware that the coming event of the dis- solution of the Caveat Hoard had cast its shadow so long before, as to have been speered by the prophetic eye of the Captain in 1837. [We have "no doubt our contemporary will here exclaint against misrepresentation, and say tnat he added-"or 1838."] In the next ulacc, Captain Maconochie was a candi- date for the office up to a very short period before his separation from the Government, and had, as is stated, ob- tained the approval of a respectable por- tion of the legal profession, in addition to which it was intimated to him he would have the support of the Law Officers of the Crown; and we venture to affirm, had no untoward event interfered to dis- place him from his position in the Go- vernment, would most unquestionably have received the appointment. Captain Maconochie may have been told that it was advisable a lawyer should hold the office-that its duties were of a nature to require legal attainments-and who will deny it? But again, we ask, who are the appiicatits, and where is the lawyer amongst them, when Mr. Champ receives the appointment ? Is the Governor to go out into the highways and byewnys to beseech and implore some of the legal pro- fession to declare themselves candidates? We do not mean to say that a candidate, quasi a lawyer, or from the fact alone of his being one, is therefore to be elected ; but, ctvteris parions, the choice should undoubtedly be made in his favour. That it w¡i3 made in favour of Mr. Champ was a measure of expediency and not of policy, (as must have been the ease with Captain Maconochie had he con- tinued in office,) not because he was an Arthurite,orananti-Arthurite, but because he was deemed best capable of perform- ing the duties of the Caveat Board, and few will be disposed to question his efficiency. But it is because he received his appointment as magistrate from Colonel Arthur, that he is to be followed up with individual and collective obloquy. This is the source from which springs that hate which pervades and poisons the best reelings of the community. Independ- ence of character, rectitude ot' principle, ability ot mind, are overlooked in the absorbing consideration of the friendship or the enmity of Sir George Aithur. In the code which prevails amongst some members of the community, the former blasts like an unwholesome mildew all objects it lights upon, while the latter can be sometimes successfully converted into the seven-fold shield of knavery. We have now, we think, sufficiently explained the inconsistency of Mr. Champ's appointment, against which our contemporary so loudly exclaims. If we did not allude to these circumstances before, it was because we thought they were sufficiently known not to need any commentary of ours. Wc have already exposed the absurdity of Captain Maconochie's present claims to office, which even in anticipation presume a far greater di grce of pliaoility in Sir John Franklin's disposition than any indi- cation afforded by the examples nur eon temporary has adduced. And yet such concession would be hailed by him as the jojful harbinger of glad tidings-the star in the east which wise men should follow-ihe retribution of the past, and the demonstration of a new, vigorous, and consistent order of things. Again we say, we doubt the remedy, and refer in excuse to a brief reply of Richard Cour de Lion expressed in Ivanhoe, to some request of a very gallant knight, but not one who could arrogate the claim of being " sans tavhe et sans re/irorhe"-" I trust theo net, Maurice de Bracy, I trust thee no¿." Our Austral-Asiatic contemporary (what a Kentuckian appellation-imply- ing a dash between Kangaroo Point and Mount Wellington !) has this week di- rected our attention to the appointment of Mr. Moore as Commissioner of the Insolvent Court, and the supposed diffi- culty he will experience in obtaining the papers which are lodged for safe custody with the Registrar. We offer no opinion whatever on the judiciousness of the ap- pointment itself ; but if this is the only difficulty Mr. Moore will have to encoun- ter, he will have little to fear from any refusal to comply with the directions of an Act of Council. It remains to be seen whether the papers can be treated as records of the Supreme Court. We confess we should like to see the experi- ment tried. A correspondence has been published between Colonel Torrens and Mr. Stephen, the Under Secretary of the Colonies, on the evils likely to accrue to Soul h Australia, in consequence of the proximity of the new settlement of Fort Phillip, and the inducements which it holds out to labourers to emigrate thither, who have been landed at the expense of the Australian Company. Colonel Torrens complains that so long a» the minimum price of land continues so low at Port Phillip, and that in South Australia is rated at 12s., the evil must exist and increase until the price is raised to a proportionate amount, which will enable the government to send out a sufficient supply of labour to meet the demand in the 'new settlement. Mr. Stephen admits the injury likely to be inflicted on South Australia, but contends that, it has been the act of the company itself, and that the government is in no wise responsible for the consequences. " Assuming for the sake of argument, the urgency as well as the reality of the danger which you anticipate to South Australia from these occurrences, Lord Glenelg must assume also, that it was a danger not concealed from the colonists at the very outset of their enterprise. It cannot be imagined, that any one has embarked his capital in the South Aus- tralian colony in such ignorance of the stale of affairs in that part of the world, as not to have prepared himself for the competition of unauthorised occupants of the soil on the surface of that vast continent. This, indeed, has always been the most obvious, the most power- ful, and the most frequently urged of the arguments against the plan of colonizing at a very high upset price of land, im- mutably fixed by legislative authority. Whether that argument admits of sufficient answer Lord Glenelg does no't stop to inquire. It is enough to state, that the ri<k, such as it is, has been deliberately incurred by those who have embarked their property in this under- taking. ' It was a matter of general notoriety, that in the colonies imme- diately adjacent, the upset price was only 5s. ; that even on these terms, com- paratively so low, the inducements to occupy large portions of land without license had been found irresistible, and that on the part of the government, the means of effectually preventing such occupation in all cases did not exist." Mr. Lillie preached, last Sunday, a Sermon to the 21 st regiment, previously to their embarkation for India. The text chosen was * fight the good ßght,' from which he took occasion to observe, that, in ascending the toilsome eminence of life,we were beset by thorny ways, and that avenues of temptation were open to divert us from the right though rugged path of virtue-that the dominion of our passions should be our chief aim-that this was the greatest contest of all-the victory over ourselves. He then advert- ed to those to whom he meant more par t iculary to address himself. It was not sufficient that they should possess physi- cal courage-that this was frequently owing to confirmation of body, and was shared even by the brutes of the animal creation-that it was not enough, when their duty called them, that they were prepared to IT ount the breach or advance against serried ranks of steel-that they should stand unmoved while the dreadful artillery desolated their ranks-but that they should be endued with higher feel- ings derived from the moral principle of rignt implanted in their own breasts. This was animal courage alone, which had been exercised in the cause of vice as well as virtue-' had nerved the arm of tyranny as well as animated the spirit of freedom'-had tended to propagate in- fidelity as well as to rear the true stand- ard of faith, and had been found conspi- cuous even amongst the most depraved. But far different and of a far higher order was that courage which was built upon faith, exemplified in good conduct, regularity, and the subjugation of the passions. And they had the consolation of knowing that it tended to exalt and promote their worldly even when it most advanced their eternal welfare. The re- spect and esteem of their fellow citizens would accompany their distinction. He be- sought them to reflect upon the time which they had passed heic-no inconsiderable space of the short span allotted to life how many of their comrades who had arrived here in the full vigour of health were now laid in their graves-and lie implored them, as they were now about to depart for a distent clime, where it was not, improbable the sphere of their duties would be more enlarged, to consider and revolve in their minds the uncertainty of fate which attended their career. He adjured them to draw from this the obli- gation which was imposed on them of attending to their spiritual welfare, that they might . fight the good fight' even while engaged in the cause of their country. It is impossible, from a mere cursory outline, to give any idea or do any justice to the eloquence of the reverend gentle- man. The sermon was most impressive, and in many parts most affecting, and we sincerely hope it may be published to serve as a memorial of the good taste, good feeling, and great ability which dis- tinguish all his efforts. The 21st regiment will embark almost immediately on board the Fairlie, which has arrived expressly to take them on to India. In consequence of the manner in which the 51st are scattered, it is expected that not less than 100 of the 21st must remain behind to do duty, until the whole of the former regiment have arrived in the colony. To these are to be added another 100 stationed at Swan River, which materially reduces the strength of the corps. It is time that some different system were adopted in the distribution of the forces in these colonies, for it is a just matter of com- plaint with the East India Company, that they should have to pay for a body of men stationed at Swan River, who generally remain a whole year absent from the time their regiment arrives in India. It must also be a source of great annoy- ance to the commanding officers of regiments to have the men divided and distributed to the detriment of that esprit de corps, which never fails to animate them in a body. We extract the following from an In- dian paper having reference to Mr. Tur- ton, and from which it will appear ihat that gentleman concluded the affairs of Canada could be settled in »is months: " Mr. Turton has sent out a letter to Mr. Dickens, in which he endeavours to soften down his desertion of the good people of India, in the, so called. Black Act question, and his acceptance of a lucrative and honourable place in the Executive Council of Canada, It is easy to perceive even from the length of explanations, that his own mind is not i altogether free from something like J feeling of despair of the cause in which he is engaged. We consider it an act oí prudence on his part, after the defeat of I the motion in the House of Commons, an j the desertion of the cause by those on whom he had reason to rely, to accept an appointment abroad, with a fixed sa. lary. We can have no doubt that hi was sincere in his anticipation of bein? able to return in time to agitate the subject when the next Session of Parua. meut comes round, but his sagacity might have led him to a different con. elusion. The necessity of continuing Lord Durham's pacific service in Canada beyond the half year which Mr. Turton seems to have fixed for settling its affairs, must be obvious to any observer. Mat- ters are.not so smooth as they appear on the surface. We begin to fear that the repeal of the Black Act, the object for which he was deputed to England, is all but desperate." We publish the following for the be nefit of the cogitators on atmospheric phenomena. If it does not altogether account for, it serves in some measure to explain the ancient expression of 'raining cats and dogs,' which has obtained cur. rency, no doubt, in consequence of some such extraordinary occurrence as is here commemorated. It is accounted for, be it remembered, by the fish being drawn up by water spouts: An Extraordinary Fall of Fish_About two o'clock p.M , of Thursday, the 20th instant, we had a very smart shower of rain, and with it there descended a quantity ot live fish, about the size of three inches in length, and all of one kind only. It is very strange that they fell in a straight line on the road from my house to the tank, which is about forty or fifty yards dis. tant. Those which full on the hard ground were, as a matter of course, killed from the greatness of the fall, but those which fell, fortu- nately for them, on the spots where there was grass crowing, sustained no injury, and I picked upa large quantity of them 'live and kicking,' and let them go into my tank. Some people suppose that phenomena of this nature take place through the agency of waterspouts, which draw up the fish &c; , from rivers and tanks, and after wards return them to the earth aftain in showers of rain ; and there appears to me no other way of accounting for the occurrence of the phe- nomena,'ar that fish should be found so far out of their clement If it were possible for them to get out of tanks themselves, they could, it would naturally be supposed, as easily retrace their steps and jump in again ; hut such was not the case in the present instance. The most strange thing, however, that struck me, in con* nection with this event was, that the fish did not fall helier skelter every where, or * here and there,' as the ' reasons' in the o'd woman's pud- ding, hut they fell in a straight line not more than a cu'>it in breadth. I have heard of such things happening before, hut never on the spot where this happened. The natives living in and about the place, gave to the fish the names of Ulha, hut whether this he the right word or not 1 cannot tell from my own knowledge. Calcutta Courier, September 24. We have received by the Fairlie ad- ditional papers from Sydney up to the 21 st January, but they do not contain much matter of importance. The wea- ther had been exceedingly hot for some days, the thrrmnmetrr ranging" ni 90 in the shade. A cargo of ice had an ¡ved from America, and had excited no in- considerable sensation. A very able let- ter of Sir Richard Bourke to Lord Glenelg on the subject of raising the minimum price of land to 12s an acre > had been published in the papers. Wo make the following lengthy extract which puts the question in a clear and compre- hensive point of view : " In reply to your Lordship's inquiries, I pro! cecd to state, first, with regard to the discretion vested in this government by the terms of Lord Kipon'sdespatch of the lOth'July, 1831, to fix a higher upset price than 5s an acre on land to which its situation might give a peculiar value, that it has hitherto been but little exercised. Town allotments for building on are always 4111t up at a higher rate, varying according to circum- stances, and a higher minimum price has been set upon portions of land (ranging from live to thirty acres each ) on the shores of 1'ort Jackson, near Sydney, and in n few other places. 1 do not, however, consider that, even willi regard to these allotments, the augmentation is of any practical importance, competition being always active enough to secure a full price, exceeding in general that which any public ofllcer entrusted with their valuation would be likely to place upon them. To this fact. 1 would draw your Lordship's attention, as of the highest import in deciding upon the second point referred to me, namely, the policy of raising the minimum price generally throughout the colony. Upon this matter I would beg leave to observe, that while the increase of wealth among an active and commercial people secures the means nnd the motives of free competition, it is probable that the sale by auction prescribed by the existing regulations applies to each ca'sc the surest crilo rion of value of which it admits, rendering it needless and futile to- resort to any speculative reasoning upon the subject. A minimum price in such a state of things will be of little or no importance for the purpose of preventing a sale below the true mafket value. The actual sale of crown lands at various prices exceeding 5s un acre, in the several years (rum lt?32 to 1830, in- clusive, may be seen by the accompanying state- ment, which will go far to show that the mini- mum price docs not materially govern the actual sale. Every day is increasing in the colony the influence of competition, ¡lona fide settlers seeking to purchase lund, are continually uttering the bitterest complaints against mere speculative buyers, who bid against them at the public auc- tions, and who sometimes endeavour to exnet money as the price of their withdrawal. Such persons are popularly stigmatised as Maud sharks' and * land jobbers ;' and « hatevcr opinion may be formed ol their proceedings, their exist- ence is .» pregnant proof of the vigorous spirit of competition prevalent at the government sales. Not that 1 am prepared to assert that unopposed purchasers of laúdalas would never be induced to give more, had the land been put up at a higher rate. Whatever minimum be fixed, there will always be found instances in which land ac- quired at "that price without opposition will prove a cheap bargain, liut such is not always tho case. Land of even very inferior quality hap- pening to possess a peculiar value to the indivi-. dual purchasing It on account of its proximity to his other property, or similar circumstances, finds a sale solely on this account, and cannot be considered as cheaply obtained, even at the mini, mum price. The cases in which land Is sold without opposition from ignorance of its mar- ketable value on the part of the public, or from the secret agreement or friendly foibearanco of those otherwise interested in bidding against each other, must diminish yet more and more as the colony advances in wealth and population. Nor are such cases, even were they more numerous, deserving of much consideration. It is upon tendencies and general results, not upon particular instances and exceptions, that all questions of public policy arc to bo decided. If it be objected that such an effective compe- tition as 1 have described, arising from increased population and wealth, in itself indicates the propriety of raising the minimum price for 1637 over that of 1631,1 would observe, that the crown lands now in the market form only a surplus; in many instances they may be justly called a re- fuse, consisting of lands which in past years wera not saleable at any price, and were not sought after even as free grants. As improvement and population penetrate through the colony, such lands begin to acquire a value, and Matt* ii ft stage in this process In which they are saleable at the present minimun price of as. Hy declin- ing in future to dispose of them at this rate, it by no means follows that they will be sold at a higher. The result may be to retain them for an indefinite time unsold. Such a result, as your Lordship appears fully aware, is the more likely, or rather certain, in consequence of the alterna- tive at the settler's command of wandering with- out authority or restraint with his flocks and herds over the vast tracts of the interior. A facility in acquiring the actual property of land at a low price is the safest check to this practice, and it may here be observed, that the unathorised occu- piers of remote crown lands do not wholly con- sist of small flock- owners of slender means, but of the agents and shepherds of the wealthiest co- lonists residing within the limits of location, who are continually balancing between the opposite motives presented by the cheapness of unathoris- ed occupation on the one hand, and the desire of adding to their permanent property in land on the other. The extent of their purchases at the fgovernment sales corresponds with the preva once of the latter motive, and it is easy to sec that its influence must be weakened in proportion to the augmentation of the upset price-" The following is the Minute referred to in General Bourke'» letter, setting forth the average price of land within the last six years. Average Price of Crown Lands sold in the Colony of New South Wales, for the five yea», ending 31st December, 1836. Town Allotments. | Other Land. YEAR. Kate per Perch. 1 Kate per Acre. f. d. I *. d. 1832... 2 10 1 6 0 1833... 2 4 1 9 6 1834... 6 2 6 8 1835... 5 2 5 10 1830... 4 2 | 6 2 Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, New South Wales, Septembers, 1837. CARGO OF ICE.-Our American visitor has brought to the colony a cargo, for which, though icy cold it be, we cannot refrain from offering our warmest thanks. We hope the providers of our table luxuries will find it their interest to encourage this frrezing article of commerce. We believe Calcutta was the first port to which such a cargo was exported by brother Jonathan, and that not mure than six years since ; and if we do not forset, confectioners vended them there at half a rupee each; which is one shilling English. Confectioners in Sydney may now go and do likewise. The name of the ship is the Tartar, aud she has 250 lons of ice on board. We understand that Dr James Hall.R.N., whom many of our readers may remember to have visited this colony as Surgeon Super- intendent of convicts, 'dunns the Govern- ments of General Macquarie and Sir Thomas Brisbane, has been appointed by Lord Glenelg selecting officer of emigrants for New South Wales in Ireland. SIR FRANCIS FORCES.-We perceive in the list of arrivals, that our Ex-Chief Justice has returned to the colony, but we hear no* thing of the commission of which it was somewhat confidently hinted the Ex-Judge was to have been chairman. The Directors of the iiank of Australia have ordcied a dividend of eight per cent, for the half-v ear, tube paid the holders of their Bank Slock on all capital paid up. COLONIAL WOOL TRADE.-The increasing value of the colonies of Australasia, TUA mania, and the Swan River, has been very strongly demonstrated by the result of the recent periodical sales of wool, the produce of the flocks of sheep of the dependencies of the British Crown. At these sales very nearly 8000 bales of wool, imported from the colonies, have been brought by the ma- nufacturers, and others interested; a very considerable proportion of which will be returned to the flock.masters iii British manufactured goods, a comparatively small amount of specie only being remitted to the colonies. The improvement of the breed of sheep is proceeding with great rapidity, especially at (he Swan River and Port Phillip. The largest quantity of wool im- ported from the colony on the Swan River yet offered at any former series of public sale have been put up on the prespnl occa- sion, viz.-101 bales, which reulised in some instances from Is. od. tn 2s. 2d. per lb. The Australian fleeces sold with great ani- mation at from 2s. 9d. to 2s. lid. per lb. for the finest qualities, while for those samples imported from Van Diemen's Land prices from Is. 5(1. to 2s. 2Jil. per lb. have been realised. There have been for the last few j cars about four public sales of colonial wools, including the importation from the Cape of Good Hope in the year. It is probable, therefore, owing to the rapid increase of the flocks in the colonies above referred to, that upwards of 35,C0l) bales of wool will this year be offered by public sale, and vvhieh would, at the lowest estimate, realise to the growers at least JEÍCO.OOO, the greater proportion of the value of which will, as we have already staled, be remitted back to the colonies iii the manufactures of Great Britain.-06 terver. THE ARMY.-A move is expected in the 28th regiment by the retirement of Colonel French. Brevet Major Sergeantson is about to have command of the depot at Chatham. We regret to announce the death of James A. du Moulin, Esq., Surgeon of H. M. 50th regiment. We find by the army list that this gentleman's appointment to the regi- ment as full surgeon, bears date February 24, 1834. It appears from all we have heard, that Surgeon du Moulin was not only de- servedly admired as a skilful and attentive medical officer, but that in all the private relations of life he was equally beloved. He has left a widow and thirteen children to mourn his loss. Mr. Windeyer, the second police magis- trate, has been appointed a Commissioner for authorising the discharge of seamen under the Merchant Seamen's Act. The Rev. Dr. Lang took his departure for England yesterday, in the Roslyn Castle. We trust the worthy Doctor will have a favourable passage. Differing as we do from the Doctor on many points, we never- theless most sincerely give him credit for the best intentions ; to him society in New South Wales owes a lasting debt of grati- tude; he has been the means of effecting a moral revolution-much needed ; that he has been indiscreet, we admit, we blame the modus quo, not the design. We understand that Mr. Gardner, the Secretary and Cashier of the Bunk of Aus- tralia, intends shortly to return to Europe. He will be succeeded by Mr. Mackenzie, thi! gentleman who formerly held the same situation, at a salary of £800 per annum. We have the same complaint to make here as is expressed in the subjoined ex- tract from the Sydney Herald, though we are glad to learn that in consequence of the représentations of Sir John Frank- lin, the attention of the Home Govern- ment hns been at length o wakened to this «ibject. We are likely therefore to have this great defect remedied before hong; for with every respect for the French Sag, which we share with our Sydney contemporary, we should wish lo see our own visit us more frequently. We have little to dread from our friends of the Artemise, or from any French ship, considering the existing amicable relations between England and trance Î but we must be forgiven for ex- pressing a little partiality in favour of " £!,e ?nK ,hnt braved a thousand yean. 1 he battle and the bree*«. Nothing attracts the notice of an observ- ant stranger more than the total absence of anything liku fortifications about Sydney. Perhaps no place in lim world is capable of being more efficiently fortified : and we will venture to say, that there is no place in the world, of equal impoi lance, less st). Look et the gingerbread concern called Macquarie Fort.-a mere toy ! Look tit the liardly-any thing-better thing culled D.iwes's nattery ; and what use are they? None whatever. May we ask the Government if any defences to the town of Sydney ure about to he erected by the sanction of the Homo Government? Russian, French, mid American vessels there cannot be a doubt, notice the " naked- ness of the land ;" and our rulers may rest assured, that when occasion serves, they will take advantage of the knowledge they have acquired. In case of a sudden de- claration of war, for instance, wherein con sists our protection against the French ship of war, Venus? We have no protection whatever. Any reasonable-sued arni<;d ves- sel-aye, even a pirate-might lay the town undercontribulion at any moment. We have no fear that our gallant friends, the French, will take advantage of our unprotected stale; but it is no1 what they would do, it is what they might do, that we think of. Our banks, our treasury, might be gutted al any moment. But-slay, Flay !-are we um going loo far? are we not idling fur- tively disposed gentlemen that the door is open for timm to walk in ? It is to be hoped that the Government will take (lu; hint. The fact of our being exposed to the attack of a solitary ship of war, we may illustrate by ii relation of the following oc- currence:-lu tin: early part of lS2>-(i, a small King's ship called the Slaney was lying in the Cove. That vessel tniule a seizure of a merchant ship, undera mistaken interpretation of a part ot the Fast India Company's Charter. The then Governor, Sir Thomas Brisbane, tlirentened to send troups off to take away the man-of war's prize- Captain ¡Mitchell, of the little Slaney, however, who was himself a little man, sent SirThomas word that if he attempted any such thing, he would knock Hie town about his ears! and Sir Thomas did not send the troops. What is to prevent such a threat being carried into execution at this mo- ment? In the Gazelle of Tuesday appears an Order by the Queen in Council, dated at Windsor on the 7th Sept., setting forth certain alterations in the iW.-trriaire Act, to meet the altered state and condition of society in Her Majesty's colonies and foreign plantations, as the present mar- riage-laws of the British colonies, planta- tions, and possessions, have been found inappropriate and inadequate to the in- creased desire for lawful matrimony. There are very ample and tolerably clear instructions gi ven for thcintendeti purpose, with the forms of the certificates to be required in certain cases, and also the forms of the registries to be kept of the marriages so contracted, and the gover- nors of the respective colonies are di- rected to publish it at length immediately on their receiving it, and it is to .take effect and have the force of law from the date of its publication in the colony The statue of Earl Grey was fixed upon the column on Friday. It represents his Lordship in his robes, and the likeness is striking.-Newcastle Chronicle, <$'tyj tember 15. 