WHAT IS DOING IN LO:NDON? TI7act i doing in London? As well mayit be asked, who is blrn, or who is dead! Asliell requird of my Lord Glenelg,. the price of Dutch cheese in tle Colonies, Lr the alue of ? i sa meritorious seraices at borne ! IH Aat is doeing in LondonI Everythling good, bad, niad indifferent- jolbing, thleving pipiing, slandering and lying, mnlice, hatred, An the making of lure. What is Lord M}elbnrne doing D.ia?ling about after the Queen--- dinlinl with tier, and playing at hot cockles, or hunt th slipper, afterwards ! IlThat is doing in London? ' lacking-bridge is being beautified, jnbbielld, tinkered and tell. dered impassable; and Parringdon-street isaboat to stretch its nolle length as far as the City. road ; a mutiny reigns in Saffron-hill in colse. quencc; and the lanud of tripe, trotters, and sto. lea bandlanas is all in cor motion theref-em" Far, inigdon-:narket is about to be converted into. a prison, andl Shoe-laie is to be rew heel-p:ieed and vasmpo, d up Ihorse and carriages are still flounder'ng a'bout on IlHlbora-Hill. mnueh to the edification of the " fineet pisautry," .whlo rest tlhermslves daily on the steps of St. Andrew's Church, and to the di:7gra e of thl city authoari ties. who would not adopt the plan of aviaduct. Calo still philosophically vends hIli. wire meat. safes to fat rooks (literary men never require them), and lly-place still sturdily holds out its conservative rilht of being extra- parochial. W'hat is dsoing in London? P ]ook at the register-offlice andl sec tihe anxious looks of the sons and dl ughters of starvitude-behold the oer. jlyed cocunt.c:ance of a pretty girl ot' sixteen, hbout to be engaged by an overfed fat woman, not sufficiently filt, however, to avoid detectiona her affected lady.like repose is tile consequence of ttudlied cunning. an, all her art lides hnot the leer of the eye. . The poor girl suits her, and she writes home to' her mother il the comn.try, over. joyed and happy. Alas I the next post brings. a dlifferent story-she hashlen betrayed, ruined anl abandoned, nal is on lher way home again! Matters like these are daily doing in London. Ti'hat is doing in London ? The war still goes on between Parseo Beresford and his ncn. stitueonts; the tythe pig still squalls, and the indligant Liberals can scarcely drown the din. Pass along Holborn. every shaver has "jut" slaughtersl ano/terfne onear,"' na if bears were as plentiful. as blaekbrrie.s ! Linendrapers to the right and left are positively selling off at in;aahnse sacrifee.t, anad shoals of silly women are crowding round the doors to be hbamboozzled by fine words, andl gllell by had stuff. IThatl is doing in .London ? Faith, here we are in the classie regitnn of St. Giles! Thn? to. baeeonists are still opening the eyes of the public by their dust ; and the gin-shop opposite is shut. ting them, by the aidl ofjunilper-herries, coriander. seeds, and capsicum ! IIere is Oxford-etreet, the martyred Oxford- street. Well what is doing? Ask the Marylcbone vestry; ask Jeemm y Green; ask Metcalf, or any of the clique in the vestry. )Do Qainov, inl his " Opium Enter"- calls this noble street "stoney.-hearted Oxford street." The carpenters and timber merchants would change the sobriqunet to " voodleh- hearted-" hence a large portion of the road is paved with blocks of wool! and in truth a very tolerable road it is. Next comnes a short duire of Asphalle stinking when the suil shines (anti Clariadge may thank his stars that is but seldoma. Then there is the. granite, that soon crumbles svav, and forms holes resembling reservoirs. serving the scavengers for the purpiae ofnlaaition, when they feel o inclialed.. Anon, we t:read upon the ankle. twisingz toe- pillching, pavcement of the olden tiahe: this is succeeded by hM'Adant's plan; in short tilhe coat of poor Oxford-street is like Joseph's. Beat :what is doing in Lonrlran ? Patience, genti!e., all ; we ihare gatlopned our Pegasus as far as lhonl-street. and yonder to the right and neat to the station house, is Iarylelone Ilose of C:ominons ; so let the nag iahive a feed of corn. It imay be as well here to observe, IWhat is not drlne in Londlon ? Great are the changes-droll are tihe shifts in scenery. Any gentlemnan, say of only thirty- five years standilg. imay, every day: of his manhood, miss that whc:h associated with his childhllod. Whire is the legitimate race of. paay-dos "? Gone ! Tiae square black muzzle ath d, lparted, and the only representatives of that ancient and respectable family are to he seen at the west end. So, too, the glories of turnspits have vanished ; the only one of the breed we remember, belongs to a Mr. Fullford of the Maorni:gq Ieral f, in lahoe-lane ; go into tl-0 engine-room andl whistlc, antl "Old Jenmmy Brooke, as he is called, wacs his tail anl exlahict Iris awfully bahndy proportions in all the pride of beauty. WVhe.re are the olden shoe-blacks ? men abounding in slippers and real jet, ready at a moment's notice, to give a polish to the last night's dlebauch, andt send a customer shliningly. home ? Gone! Where be the oaden street. allads ; the glee-singers against whom Ilatton. ardlen Laing made mighty war, and fought oa. well, too, that lie heat himself ? Gone I Where are the strect-musicianas; the simple hardy. gurdies ? Gone !-all gone ! What has become of the interestinlg genus of barrow-women ? whe. theer vending " all round and sound" or all " ware ?"-vanished like 3anulalo's ghost-naper seeded by donkeys anai clogs. Even in the laby. rinth of Lonndon how many olden associations do we miss, in the year onile tlousandl eight hundredl and thirty-nine ! But childhood itself has eao-ht aup the infection. Lad., of some thirteen or four teen years of age,.take unto themselves wires, of, gin- stunted growth, and bi;rget "naisels of Inisery that cling to the great family oflhumanit?,; only. as barnicles do to a ship's hottom ; everythig iln short has clhanged. Lunatic hoys, now-a-sda. take to amatcur ihanging, occrasionally stalbbin., and instead of dacmps, liuttons, or peg-in.the-. ring, every little vagabond Italianizes hbiuelf with castinets or clapplers, nrin? to the aneny-" sincs of the+ tintinabularv w-nrthics who serenadie the public with locomcotive lianiofortra. lilard bake, hrandy-chall-, and s-ll-abalis, have give way to " haked-taters" a:d : ' trr.ters:" andl tihe: olden picemen are sat asi:le fi;r thle Tula-kfriars bridge howlo of " Ilot Iseaf.steak and lida:Iey ,ard. diage.s"' What is doing in Liadoaa? a Mare of. this anon.-Patiencc, anld we will a tale unfold ! \--T Ic. ly M1es.enger, Aagu.s/ I]. Thie .TJonral des Dbatls gives the ftlloring exr. tlanation of the recent negbo:iatioas haoteren the Tank of England and the hlank of Francc:- " Far soeue days past nTr. Curtis mand Mr. Bar'ng hbave been occnpied in Paris, on behalf of the Tilak ca' Englanal. with a Conveation for r.rnadiafiag the course of exchlnnge, thie rate of whlich was ce?!: lated to ftvour the exportation of slee ie froma Lo:adon, and to cause great commircial embar rassment, by exhanstiug tihe metallic reserve of tie Bank of Eaglandl. After some explanationn, ihe Convention has ibecn dsfilitely concludel1, aith tihe assistanced and ind-r the auspicese of the. Bank of Franci. Several of the prineita'sl lank ig-hlasnces of Paris engage to nccept bills of the Ianlk of England to the amount of two millinns: stcrlilg. T'i'oe lank of France will open a specialh croedit ftr the.se houses, and dial-'ount their bills.. toar thie mnarnntee of the Freneh capital?ls ead the Bank of Frmnce, thie ]Innk of Englandl wil deposit in thie Bank of France a yahe at host rinal to the amount in qtuestion in seasricie o the English finlds. Tihe.iatervention of Fresnr '.laitalists in thle affairs of Gre-at Britain, andl the sulalort given by the Bank of Francca to time Bank af Eaglaod, are not merelay nets tlictatead ly ata ionoarable feeling of interlnetional friendslhip tlhy nae, at tihe same time, smacsncres of gre'at aisdom and foresaight in fiavonr of tlre. trade OI France. Thllere is close identity oef iatcrrsts i Facnch andl English 'commanarce; thie ote cannot rospe'r if the other gives way. Any cvent wfichl shoull shake lthe credlit of the. 11an! of Englanid: would have a te;-rith!e effci:t her0."I3-forniny Uhroaaia e, ]I A.lcgaaat. The followeinr amcn.inrg circranstnnce oren,reda on Tlhursday. i a,t at the 'Zoological Gardens iua. ergeat.'sl-psr :c.. -As onl of the kieepers wate amusina a child withl a ridt, o:l the laonk of the young elrphant, a laly, who was a looker-on. was saldhl: taken ulb t tinip hy ls lirgi.relephnnt and. lifted in tics ania; talt hier 'amesr?s ca'?ced thi ncltia in .lst hecr alowni again very gently, with' 5o o:.herrij-try thlnn the sanilihnF 6fhcr drs ands!a little aoa.R ----t'renaing 'iap'ae'. ar Thsre errtal??ly is a verv remarknble.energy in thae American adispeosiion- if they fidl they bound cp' a caina - ,'!.eelady - h?a obsevedl thelat tho Nlsi York nmcerllents are of that elastic nature theta ahen fit far a uthing else, they might be canverle • into conca.rblprinsi and such renally appeasr tO .b their chsra.:er.-3farryaCl's Deary it AeriFca' . 