i.otme. The followine is a translation of the discourse prllionounced(l by tile IlPopei, at thie secret coinsis. tory, held at lome onil Ilthe B July : " Venerable trlethrcn.t-Fully actuated by principles of diuty, nhiclI consists in protecting the lights of the Church, a duly which God impoe'd on Its at tihe tillue ei' bestowing the pontificate on ore so unworthly, we prottested, on the 1t)h DI)cember, 1837, against the violence used, as regarded our re- pectable brother, Cle:ent Angustus, Archbishop el Cologne, who was driven from his flock by theit Prussian Government, solely for having refused to violate (aithl respect to mixed marriages) the prescriptions of the Catholic Curelh, so intimately connected with this doctritne. On the 13th Septembler, of the following year, we were again tf;rced to taise our Apostolic votice in this assembly, in coonsequence of otlier events which took place in tihe kigdonm of I-'ussin, in the way of inroads of the rights and liberties of the Church, especially with respect to our respected brother, 1larltin, Archbishop of Gllesen and Posen, who, in the matter of mixed marriages, had equally reminded the Priests in his diocese or the Catholio doctrine on this head, strongly recommending the observance of the canonical discipline in this regard; in the iteantimte, we have not ceased to negotiate with the Prussian Government, and to protect the canse of the Church, by various relnon. strances, lwhich we causted to be Inade through the Ambassador of that Power. We hope, that the King, swayed by better counsels, will pIermit the Arclhbishop of Cologne to return to his Church, and that, in the saute way as the Arclhbisliop of GCtesen and Posen, and ither Catholic biishops of that kingdom, lie may be alle to enjoy the free exercise of the pastoral functions under the direction of the HIoly See; for it hlappened that, iby subsequent acts, tile suppression of religious liberty had only tlh effect of increasing the evil ; anttd, in the case of the 13ishop of iPoen, tiings went soi lar, that this venerable Pr hate was condemntd by a judicial sentence, prec;sely in consequence of tire firmness be had evinced in defending the Catholic doctrine, althnugl, in other respects, the temporal authority had no tight to interfere with his person, nor in tihe matter in ques tion. The sentence was pironouni:ced by the Royal Judges, at the end of the month of February of this year. We omitted lemon stratitng sooner, as the sentence had.not as yet been notified to the Archbishop, and as we had not sufficient cognizance of its import - Tihe sentence was conltllnicated to the Arch bishop at the end of April last, and subse quently came to our knowledge; we then learned, specially, that the Aichbislop was accused of having committed three offences, that the sentence acquitted him upon the two counts of the indictment, chltarging him with hiegh treasn, and excitinug thie pieope to revolt, although it wonld appear incredible that so piudent and so inild a Patnor could even be aispecled of suol crime. Tihe result was, that the Judges condemned the Ilishop to six monthns' inmpti.ontment in a fortress, and to the cots of the trial, for having acted conttrary to the laws of the kingdom, waith respect to mixed nmar inagesi they, lunOetuovr, dleclared hitm incapable of ever agait exercising ally public functions; and, with unheard-of audacity, they deprived him of his pastoral and metropolitan functions. We have not words to express, Venerable Brethren, the p in and bitter tegret which the knowledge of these facts created in our mind. the exit nt of which you can easily judge of by your own feelings ; for it is not the sacred person of the Bishop alone Ithat is attacked, by being dragged before temllporal Judges, but the cause which led to the sentence and the punish ment inflicted, denote a still more serious attac k upon the Divine rights of the Church. Tihe Archbishop hias not only been condemnted to a fine, btl actually stripped of his functions, as if the sacred power which Bishops receive from the Holy Ghost, through our hands, could be taken asay from them, unider the authority of a temporal power; Hlowever, if you examine the case, you will find that the violation of the civil laws, imputed to the Alchbishop, did not apply to the civil efl'ects of mixed marriages; for the Bishop had declared, that lie shonld not intettfere with them. Nevertheless, in the exe cution of his duty, and yielding to the iimper-u live dictates of his conscience, he addressed a circular to the clergy, in which lie spoke of the sanctity of marriage, and of the obligations of Catholic spouses, particularly of the education of all the cl.ildren in the trnto faith, according to l)ivine precept. and of the guarancees pre scribed by the Church for the observance of the said obligations. It was on this account that hie reminded the Priests of their duty to incul cate, to the Catholics of the'ir parish, the pre cepts of God and of the Clhurllch ; and that, in case a Catholic wished to contract a mixed marriage, witlthout the aforesaid guarantees, to refuse tile ntuptial benediction, or even to give their consent. If a Catholic lishop in Prussia is not permitted to protect the sanctity of marriage, which is a great sacrament int Jesus Christ, and in the Church, or to point out to the Priests the coarse they should follow, in order to pIrevent the sacrilegiouns act ofCatltolios who wish to contract illicit maltriages before God andl tihe Church; in fine, if putting the civil effects of sichl marriages ott of the ques. lion, ilishops in Prussia are prohibited to appllly the Catllholic doctritne ipon mixed marriages, attd the canons appCrtaining tohereto, lwhat be come of that liberty which the King of Prussia so often promnisel to Ithe CIatllolic subjerfs of his kinigdom? Having offered tip otr hItmble prayers to God, and deliberately weighed the whole lfl'air in Ils prcsence, anid having taken thIbe advice of wise and ptruldent imen amongst your botldy, we now pitt into execuction what we resolve upoit wi'h their nllanilltots cotsent. In the first place, we refer to tile vat ions ap plications madtle ly is, otn Ithis sutject, to thle Prussian Governmenti, and whiclh are well known; and we, at the samrne time, prolest agaitst all that has been doine by the Prussian Government agaiust the Catholic religion, thie rights of tihe clthurchl, and thle Iloly Sue, in thle affair of tile Archbishlolt of Gnesen and Posen. Iii tile second place, s ne ebhoutnd to contplaii loudly ngaiist thie sentence of tetuporal judges (it .a imatter of religtit) against the sacred per-on of an archlbishop ; andicl we declaie ntd resolve, by virtue of our full ecclesiastical powers, that our venerable blrothler, llarli', is still tihe true and only Archbishop ol Gutsent and Poisen, andil tlhat tihe tbove sentence, a hich is Inullby canonclCal right, as wcll as Divine right, could ,ot deprive hIm of ny of his riglhts; ihence it follows, Ihant thle hurch of Kulm, witil respect to the mletroplolitan jurid. diction, nnud thle faithful of the two dincses of Guleson and Posen, nlid in matters of rl igion athd epispIctil altlhority, owU hlmt the sitmo tbeditnce as pruevinusly. Mloreover, we colt. fer on t he bishop well tmerited pIraise for lilis re. ligious zel nstnd unslnken cournilge, and tengrat tlate hhiu Iipoi l having been fouond wvotlhy of periseciuton for the sake of Jeans Christ. We had it in 'contelmplation to strengthen this re Ilonstrance, by some fresh proof of our appro bation ; but, not wi'hing that our decision had been lightly taken or pronounced, and witlhount due deliberation, we abstain fromn all ulterior dis approbation, being fully convinced of the justice oIf our cause, and we take this opportunity of again declareing, that our remtonlstranees, at lthe present, and on tot sler occasions, were expressed with the n'rnost relnctance, and solely for the interests of religion, and in the strict exrreie of our ditry. We are, therefore, nnxious, above all things, that this miisunderstnding with the Prussian government should be at nr end as soon as the two bishops have been reinstated itl their churclles, and that the olbstaces to the exercise of the pontifical fersctrions in the Prau sian territory have. been retloved. 1'e confide in the hope that this happy result will slhortly tnke place; for, if his Mlajesty the King of Prussia will be pleased to exsamine, with his accustomed wisdom, all tlhi all'air, ihe will easily perceive that the two bishops wt.re solely aRtn ated by tilhe interests of religion ; hle will also be aware of the great injury w;hich c;vil order must sustain, if teeo great a ltnnllmerol' tihe Catho lics in his states were to violate thle precepts of tlhe Church ill a tmatter of so miucli importance ; for the very same persons, once arectstoneed to this resistance, would fid less dificttlty in the civil laws. Moreover, as far us civil matters are conlcerned, we lgain soltemnly declare, theat ollr sale object isto protect the rights of religion and of the Church, and not to interfere in matters of a purely temtporal charctet'r, which belong to the jurisdiction of the King. It is for this reason tlht we, by virtue of ouir Apostolic an thority, exhlort all mite sons of the Church throughnot the kingdom of Plllssia, and con-ll jure theml. il the name of the Lord, to obey the hioly Chutrch int every thing relating to mar. tinge', and the obligations whlich husband and wife conetract by tlhat sacrament; at aabl, with regared to mallers of belief and morality, ac cordig to thle churlch discipline and canons. Bent, with regard to temporal matters, they are bound to obey the King, and sliut tlheir ears to the perfidious discourses of those turbulenl men who preanch up revolultiona, and consie quently, they ouglht to submnit to his Majesty's orders in civil maItt?os; by so doing, they will act in obedience to the ijnectlions of Jesus ChIist, who said, 'Give to ('mear wlhat belongs to Cae'ar, and to Gecl what belongs to God ;' and will thus imnpose silence oil thoCse who wish to make the Kileg doubt the fidelity of his Cath olic subjects. This, Venerable Bruthers, is the conlelllltiatioln I had to ItiaHIe to you, upon the most important afiair. In tile mean time, we humbly slpplicate the 'ealther of all Mercy, il thie laneei aond through the met its of Jt sus Christ, to confer upon, the two Arch bishops, uponi the Bishops, the entire clergy of lPrussia, and uplon the failhfil, the spirit of pee?overance inl his holy witlhes, and to dlipose the K;ng to grant his subtjects fiull hilwaty of the Catholic religion; and, in fine, to lul n to their advantage whatever IImay be planned r crexecutenr in the kingidom of Prussia against the Church. A Augsburrgh Ga:czte. 