' aglitj Ext-ract. o. SFRENCH COLONIAL POLICY. ' le [FRO3 THE JOURNAL DES DEBAIS.] tl \- le 'ThE French government attach immense in- th portance to' the rescue of the colonies from al- Sc most inevitable ruin. It is not happy, only be-. nc cause the colonies are peopled with men and m proud of being Frenchmen, as we ourselves, th sons of the mother-country; it is not merely fa because the indubitable destruction of the colo -nies would occasion incalculable disasters in our W commercial harbours; it is not for the sole sake bt of observing the .eternal principles of justice that a the government acts thus; it is because the at honour of our flag, the external power of the country, and the defence of the territory were co likewise at stake, and because the national dig- ra nity was in accord with the interests of our colo- slI nists and merchants. The day that France shlall dc cease to have colonies she must cease to have a C navy. The official returns of the administration na *of customs prove that the intercourse between " France and her colonies and the maritime fisheries, di the proceeds of which are shipped to the colo- re .nial markets, occupy the greatest number of our tU vessels, and form our best sailors. In conse- L quence of the strenuous exertions of the govern- t mnent of.the restoration, and of the still more decisive measures adopted by the government of i .3uly,- the French navy possesses at' present a fh .materiel which does not fear a comparison with at that of any other nation in the world, for if we cl strike out of the pompous list of the British navy o< published by the British Admiralty, the vessels fr unfit for sea, we shall find that Great Britain Pl herself, the Queen of the Ocean, cannot muster h .a greater number of vessels than France. With di these admirable ships-the scientific proportions a and armament of which are the envy of all other a nations, we have a personnel of officers who unite .to French valour, knowledge, experience, and st discipline. Nevertheless, that which cost us so ti many millions-those officers whose education F has been attended with such sacrifices, and which di form one of the glories of their country, would V 'be totally unavailable to us if we wanted a nur- t. ;sery for our sailors. s In the present situation of Europe and of the e world, France cannot do without a powerful navy. Europe and the world, to be sure, enjoy at the. present a profound peace, and we trust that this peace, from which France derives suchl valuable advantages for her domestic prosperity, t shall last much longer. But would it not be a more than common imprudence not to prepare, p under the 'blessings of peace, for the eventuality , of war? Has not the wisdom of nations long v taught us that the surest means of preserving p peace is to be always ready for war? And is it a not evident that, in the event of a war, if riations e (which God forbid) should take up arms against h .ea'ch other, the sea, as ivell as the continents;, S would become the th'eatre of hostilities? The a Eastern question, which obliges all the Cabinets to remain on the qui vive, has caused a few land 1 troops to move forward ; but it has, on the other S hand, kept the navy in constant employment, r -and when the moment for solving it in a definitive t manner shall arrive, it is- on the waters of the i, Mediterranean that it shall be decided,and not in g the plains of Aumelia or Asia Minor. i, The situation of France in the centre of Euro- I pean civilization made Frederick the Great ju- a -diciously observe that a cannon shot should not I be fired in Europe without our leave. Situate between the Mediterranean and the British Chan- a .nel, between the ocean and the North Sea--orn- a mandinig the seas much more than the continent, a -she must exercise over them the same supreme s influence as over the fields of battle, in which a she has so often shed her blood and that of her it enemies. But to avail herself of the advantagel offered by her geographical position, she require . t numerous sailors, long trained to their difficult t profession. Without trade shie 'can have 'no a sailors; and without colonies for her at least there 1 is no trade possible. .. . All enlightened men, as well as those who feel Ii 'the necessity of reconquering gradually without e -violence or boasting the rank of which the dis- a asters of'two invasions had deprived us, will -cordially approve the wise resolve of Govern ment, who will besides have thereby gained the a gratitude of the colonies, of the whole population t .of our harbours, and of our manufacturing dis- t tricts, who supply the West India Islands with s :their goods, and finally, of tile agriculturists, who I ship thereto their corn and wines. Those are F 'terms of a transaction which, we loudly proclaim, r -ought to be unhesitatingly accepted by the most I -sincere partisans of the home-manufactured sugar. FORCE OF EXAMPLE.-A poor woman who -with a scanty wardrobe is ever ieat and clean in 'herperson, amid various and trying duties; is patient, gentle, and affectionate in her domestic relations; with small funds is economical and judicious in her household management, as pre senting every day a practical exposition of some of the least lessons of life, may be a greater be nefactress of her kind than a woman of fortune though she scatter a tithe of a large fortune in .alms. The poor man, whose regularity and so briety of conduct co-operate with such a woman, and shows his fellow-workmen, or townsmen, what temperance, industry, manly tenderness, and superiority to low and sensual temptation can effect in endearing a home which, like the green spot that the traveller finds in the desert, is bright even amid the gloom of poverty, and sweet even amid all the surrounding bitterness such a man does good as well as the most elo quent speaker that ever spoke, the most eloquent wvriter that ever wrote. If there were a few patriarchs of the people, women as well as men (if I may be excused for admitting the former to a patriarchy), their influence would soon be sen -.ibly felt.-Mrs, L. Grin'mstone. .ODD SCRAPS FOR TIaE EcoNoMIcaL HovsE. WIFE.-Cheap silk pocket-handkerchiefs, or YJ common coloured cottons, will not fade if dipped is into strong salt and water while new. An ox's w gall will set any colour, silk, cotton, or woollen ; pi the gall can be got for a trifle. Get out all the ill liquid and cork it up in a large phial. One tv large spoonful of this in a gallon of warm water c is sufficient. This is also excellent for taking L out spots from bombasin, &c.; ; after being washed S in this they look like new. It must be thoroughly " stirred into the water and not put upon the n cloth; it is used without soap. After being la washed in this, things you want to clean should tl be washed in warm suds, without using soap Feathers should be thoroughly dried before they c, are used. For this reason they should not be o packed away in bags when they are first plucked; o they should be laid lightly in a basket or old o box, and stirred up often. The garret is the best it place to dry them. It is well to put the parcels p which you have from time to time in the oven, tc after you have removed your bread, and let them I stand a day. If feather- beds 'smell badly, or n become heavy from want of proper preservation n of the feathers, or from old age, empty them, and a wash the feathers thoroughly in a tub of suds, t spread them in your garret to dry, and they will i be as light and as good as new ones.-Labourer's e Friend. d REAsoN.-Many by their situations in life i` have not the opportunities of cultivating their ra- tl tional powers. Many from the habit they have a acquired of submitting their opinions to the au- a thority of others, or from some principle which tI operates more powerfully than the love of truth, g suffer their judgment to be carried along to the ( end of their days, either by the authority of a ri leader, or of a party, or of the multitude, or by n their own passions. Such persons, however ti learned, however acute, may be said to be all ti their days children in understanding. They rea- g son, they dispute, and, perhaps write; but it is b not that they may find the truth, but that they d I may defend opinions which have descended to ' them by inheritance; or into which they have I fallen by accident, or been led by affection. II AN AUsrALIAN LEADER.-Some Sydney papers, b r which we have recently received (the latest date ti being the 6th January last), have interested us not u a little by their amusing and varied contents. The s striking contrast of things so very similar to those t at home, with things so very unlike our national characteristics, is the prevailing feature of, these colonial productions. For instance, we have editors railing and abusing each other, in good set Botany Bay slang, almost as genuine as that in which a certain Lon I don evening paper, which rejoices in the soubriquet of e t Cupid, is abused by an uncertain morning paper, nick named in return Stitpid. We have police cases, and 1 "accidents and offences" in the most prodigal abun. I dance. 'There is a complete glut in the market of co- t -roners'inquests. Neither is that most interesting fea- s r ture of a English journal," horrid murders,"wanting. Law reports; political discussions; and party attacks I make us believe we are poring over the lucubra tions of our brother journalists at home, unitil we are undeceived by something " so like, butyet how unlike t our Be'verleyo !" "Extraordinary news," never (by a ihe time it reaches us from that quarter) under the 1 age of the eternal pease-pudding, renowned in e classic song "nine months old." This is indeed the y oddest effect which the perusal of 'a file of papers s from a distant colony produces. An event takes ' r place at home, which excites some conversation, and r having" had its day" sinks quietly into oblivion; but j during an interval of some nine or ten months, it s takes a flight across the Pacific ocean, and back r again, and we are visited with its ghost in the sheet of an Australian newspaper. Thus, in one of the most recent dated papers before us, we have in the shape of "the latest English news,"a report of o the address of the Lord Maydr and the Civic [lFunctionaries of the city of London, imm'e. h diately after the decease of his late Majesty. I Why William the Fourth has to us of the newspaper tale become as much amatter ofhlstory as his name . sake the Conqueror'! We should just as soon have e expected a little bit of private scandal of Queen 1i Sheba, or the court intrigues of the ancient kings of SEgypt, under the head of "latest intelligence!" There is another provoking, yet still amusing, result ht obtained by the perusal of these papers. Some joke, which, after a vagabond career, is only to be likened , to that'of the Wiindering Jew-after having run the a gauntlet of the London daily, evening, and weekly , papers; and being bandied aiboiut through the English, y Scotch, and Irish provincial piess, till it has become g worn as a parish pump-handle, and as obsolete as a g parish poor-box-is quietly laid into its grave, never, it as we fondly imagine, to vex and harrass us with its s eternal visage any more, when all at once it "grins t horrible a ghastly smile," after a nine months' ab sence; and we exclaim, horrified at the impertinent Sapparition, like the persecuted Frenchnian Begar, here's Monsieur Tonson come again. d There are, however, reflections excited by a. cur sory glance at these journals of a more elevated order. Scarcely fifty years have elapsed (the papers t, refer to a jubilee then taking place in commemora. 'e lion of the establishment of the colony) since this now e important country was a desert, or, in its own lan n guage, one wild uncultivated " bush." The only inhabitants of its extensive plain the kangaroo, or a \- being still more brutish in its nature, whom all the \- arts of subsequently introduced civilization have been t found as yet incapable of reclaiming; and even when t the fostering care of the mother-country, a few years afterwards, was bestowed on this country, its only associations with civihzation was through the medium of depravity and crime. What is it now1 We filnd t ships pouting into its beautiful harbours from all parts e of the civilised globe; while from ils fertile shores h are departing vessels freighted with the products of r its industry and wealth. T'he very advertisements in Sthese papers excite admiration and wonder. Fifteen 1 thousand miles and more removed from us, we find ItI the arts and eleganciesof life, sotight for with as much o avidity as at home. The same objects'interestin?! e The same topics 'exciting!--Here, even here, we have the minute details oha theatrical performance l here, again, that of a musical concert, there, the examination of the scholars of a. Col!ege,-and in Sanother place, a subscription for a 'newchurch, or a new monument--a'nd such subscription lists-a whole 11 yard in typical length! one we see (Sir Rtchard SBourke, who was then leavinig the colony, and 'v hose e arrival in this country is daily expected) is 'nearly n three columns in length, with its thumping fifties, \- twepties, and tens, in long array. What can more h strongly exemplify the wealth and refinement of a o people than the encouragement of the arts, accom. e panied by the means of encouraging thlem ? Horse Sraces for the rich and idle; price cunrents and market Slists for the speculative and industrious; Charity Ssermons for the warm philanthropists; estates for the capitalists; eau-de-Cologe for the dandies; and French millinery for the ladies, whom we have no o doubt, (Lord bless them) make as much mischief n under single gentlemen's waistcoats at Sydney, as, to is our certain knowledge, they do at Cambridge. ic No Englishman (in despite of certain transporting e- charming science) can regard the growing prosperity ne of Australia, but with national pride and exultation. ,e- May he not point to that distant corner of the globe, and say with pardonable vanity-" Look what Eng lislh industry, and English capital have done?" Even with a mighty ocean rolling between her and her de m pendency, stretching over many thousand miles, the il, power of English law prevails-the spirit of English i , enterprise stimulates--and, above all, the English ss, language is spoken! From the same altars is the ot Great Creator of all nations addressed, and implored he in the same supplication, and for the same objects! rt, Need England dread the approach of Time, or nd that Age will cripple her proud form among the nations, when she has such lusty and thriving children lo- in the form of her colonies? May her government ent of them be like that parental will which attaches by its affec:ion and cherishing fondness, and does not disunite by its harsh and unconciliator.y controul! 'n" Australia may not only be what America is, but 'o what she ought now to be, (matre p?lchrd filia en- opulchrior), to her mother-country,..-Cambridge In. dep~zdent Pren:, CENTENARY OF MIETHODISt.-IThe Wesleyan Methodists are an extraordinary body. Nothing is too great or comprehensive for them to grapple with, provided the object is the spiritual or tem poral benefit of their fellow-creatures. We might illustrate the truth of this by referring to those two gigantic schemes, which have been fully carried out, viz., the " Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society" and the "Stranger's Friend Society :" the former standing second only to the " Church Missionary Society" in revenue, and not surpassed in usefulness by any other-the latter standing alone-a colossal monument of the united efforts of piety and philanthropy. We were led to these remarks by witnessing the pro ceedings of a Meeting held recently in Manchester of a few of the leading and most influential of the Methodist body, to devise the best means of celebrating and commemorating the approach ing Centenary of Methodism. It is at present proposed to erect a spacious and elegant edifice, to be devoted to the sole use of the Theological Institution, or college for the education of young men who are desirous of entering into the ministry; also to build more commodious pre mises for the missionary committee and secretaries to transact their business in; and the large surplus which is certain to remain will be devoted to some equally important objects. In the space of two days the astonishing sum of 27,0001.; and it is confidently expected that considerably more than 100,0001. will be realized when the plans and intentions of the committee of management are known. Many gentlemen, aye, and ladies too (God bless theim, they are never behind when good is to be done) subscribed their 10001. each (amongst- whom we were delighted to find our respected townsman Thomas Sands, Esq.)-still more 5001. epch, and so oni in proportion with their 2501., 2001., and 1001. What the subscrip tions of less than 1001. may be, is hazardous to guess; for when the flame-which now begins to burn so brightly--extends over the United King dom, speculation itself would.be nonplussed. What a lesson may the dissenters draw trom this I Here we find a body of men, not surpassed in intelligence by any other laity, with more talent by one.half in their ministers than any denomina tion of dissenters, who are satisfied to "re'nder unto C~esar the. things that are Cassar's," and to. submit cheerfully to the paying ;the very small iribute which cements the foundation stones of our Church; knowing that as soon as our country lacks that breakwater to .infidelity-a national Church of Protestant principles-so long will she become her own foe, and,after braving herl foreign enemies for centuries, falli from the wounds in flicted by her own children.-Liverpool Mail. SCuoOLS FOR TIIE CHILDREN 'OF TIE Pooa IN HOLLAN'D ANDR BELGIUM.-The school00 Con tain, without distinction, the children of every sect' of Christians. The' religious and morial inistruction afforded is taken from the pages of holy writ, and ihe whole course of education is mingled with a frequent reference to the great 'general evidences of revelation. Biblical history. is taught, not as a dry narration of facts, but as a storehouse of truths, calculated to influence the affections, to correct and elevate the manners, e and to inspire sentiments of devotion and virtue. s The great principles and truths of Christianity, s'in which all are agreed, are likeivise 'carefully inculcated.; but those points which are the sub jects of difference and religious 'controversy, form no part of the insruetion of the schobls. This department of religious teaching is confided to the ministers of each persuasion, who discharge this portion of their duties out of the school. But-so faithfully is the common ground' of in struction preserved, and: so free are the schools from the spirit of jealousy or proselytism~, that we witnessed the exercise of a class of tile chil rdren of notables in Haarlem (according to the simultaneous method) respecting the death and e resurrection of our Saviour, by a minister of the Lutheraa Church, the class containing children Sof Catholics, Calvinists, and other denominations of Christianrs, as well as Lutherans, and all dis t putable points being carefully avoided, The ' utherans are the smallest in number, the Cal vinsts the largest, and the Catholics.about mid way between the two; but all appear to live together in perfect amity, without the slightest e distinction in the common intercourse of iife; aand this circumstance, so extremely interesting r, in itself, no doubt facilitated the establishment of s the general system of education here described, s tlie effects of which are so apparent in the highly moral and intellectuail conalition of the Duich i people.-Mr. NVicholl's Report. CarITcs.-1. If you would succeed asa critic, you must deal with an author as you would with an enemiiy;-fire the beacon, draw down the foise at the first landing, and charge him while She is 'staggering on the beach. To give him tirmne to feel his limbs, and march, may be of ill 0on Ssequence; he inmay be joined by his friends, arid Sgain upoi t'he couniry, and then it will be too a late to stop his progress. 2. Critics should e not lessen the interest, nor- strike at the Scredit of an author, without.fair and warrant n able motives. 3. Critics should act fairly., and s not let fly at rahdbmi, ifit were only fortheir Sown sakes. A gun overcharged is apt to recoil. He tlhat jroirnouices 'Wvithout thoughit, and ten sures without reasou, makes an unlucky dis covery of himself, and shows .his ignorance and his lean temper ,at .ithe Sime time.-Pearls oJ Great Price. " S There is nrot in 'thle wrilosb toilsome a. trade as Sthe pursuit of fame; life; concludes beifore you h have 'sb miihh as sktthed yobtiro~ok'-- B~;ijireie. Two things iell consiideired would prevent mnaiiny qu'arrels; 'firs!, to 'have it iwell sertained \- whether we are not disputing abbiot terms rather Sthan things: 'and, secondly, to examine whether Sthat on which we differ is worth contending about a- .Colton. C - 