THE MILNER ESTATE. I IN another part of oar journal will be found a statement signed hy Messrs. Stephen and Allen, purporting to be an explanation of tbe notable transaction in regard to the Milner Estate; Mr. Stephen, in communicating the two documents to the Editor of the Ga zette, states that the Southern Australian hatl declined to insert them. We as signed a reason why they could not be inserted in that day's paper, and said that we would not pledge ourselves to their insertion at all. Hie statement that we had decidedly declined to insert there is so nearly like what we did say, that con« sidering the quarter from whence it came, its approach to correctness.occasioned us no little surprise. With regard to the documents-do they prove that the half I of Ute estate was ever sold for £20,000, j or £10,000? Do they prove that pre viously to the 13th of April, it had been sold for £8,000 ? They prove the exact contrary-that no sale for any amount had taken .place at that time, but that Mr. Stephen being in immediate want of cash, had borrowed 1000 sovereigns of Messrs. Allen and Ellis, the day before the me morable note to Mr. Stevenson was writ ten. Do these documents satisfy our readers, that even subsequently to the 13th of April, the 2,000 acres have been sold for £8.000? They are far from so convincing us. .-. We have been in formed upon testimony that we cannot doubt, that one of the parties interested has stated in Van Diemen^ Land, that half a " chronometer!* or £5000* was the sam paid. Perhaps it will prov« to have been even less than that, and those ima ginary thousands, like Falstaff 's host ol men in buckram suits, may dwindle to a couple or so. The most wonderful tfnng tn thi$ «'wonderful history" is, a vision which appeared to the Editor of Murrays Re- viewt in Hobart Town, a fortnight before tbe pretended sale in Adelaide. It ap- pears that the ghost of a letter from Mr. Stephen to the Editor of the Gazette, passed before the eyes of friend Murray, doubtless at «'the very witching hour of night "-that it false!} asserted it had corporeal existence iu the Gazette- that Mr. Stephen had refused (!!!) £40,000 for his estate ; to which fool's paradise the capital was immediately to be "re moved;" no doubt by means of bullock drays and other conveyances. The sin gular coincidence between the ghost's story, and other stories which «ere after wards told, is the stated sum of £10 an acre, i ino of two things must be the Tact-either this ghost of a letter did ap pear to our respectable contemporary, or the latter is gifted with second sight. Will, the name is a Scotch one. Mr. Murray may he a highlander and inherit the seer's faculty from his ancestors, so that to his sight, as Campbell almost says .* f"«.ning laud sales, i asi their i-haiit-ws before." There is one passage in our contem porary's article; which we think quite unwarrantable ; he warns his Mend not to permit Irmsf If to bp called, or as ho say«, ** nicknamed, the honorable." El lu Brute! Oh Mr. .Murray ! Mr. Mur ray ! . ' , . : " That was the most unkindest cut of all " 