THe MüXttVEfcTVGr BANKER From Blackwood's Magazine for December.) (Continued from Tuesday last. Mr. Peter Pearce looted another and mated countenance of his ward and a strange cloud passed over his brow. " The lassie's rose tree!," he replied, *' is such a grand thing to mark' an outcry about, that a man placed in my situation should give a bit dinner (of an English fox hunter that's come down a' the way to hunt with Duke hall in delightful about it? eh" " Oh, he'll tell me all about his horses; that beautiful black creature with the -glossy mane Tartar of the Ukraine broad." ' " Na, na," said Mr. Pearce, who had not studied Mazeppa so deeply as Cocker, as' it seems a dance quiet bit least, seventy clearing the skin. Charlie Palieson's the, lad for a Tartar. Yon was a real one that came from him- here- but in my een it's a templar' of Providence to have any thing but a blind powney that's a wee short of' the wind- sor when they're blind they cannot see any thing to shy at, and if they're a wee asthmatic they cannot run very far, and that's the reason I'll have one other horse 4min Dapple nor you neither, Mary ; so -says one man, say no man." "*' But do you know anything of this -gentleman, his name, or whether he would like, to be called upon ?" enquired the young lady, , " His name's no of save much conse- mi on co when I ask him (0 his danger, as if I was asking him to put it on the back of a billiard as to akin to be called on, ye'll remember, Miss, that's it's me that's going to Jessie, the representative of the firm, and indeed Herd of' the" " Oh yes, I know all that," inter justed the young lady; " I only wish you could ask his horses along with 4nm- such noble steeds. ' At the Baron De Mowbray's gate Was seen, A page with a course black , U hore'rame cut a Knight of noble men, And he leapt on the coursers back 'In eyes were bright, and his heart was light, He carry (his merry lay Oh merrily was a fair young knight. He loves and he rides away.' " " Does he so ?" murmured Mr. Toa Tic, as he gazed at the door through which his sold the ward had disappeared, while her voice was still audible, going well with the ballad-" then bymycertie the sooner he rides away the better I wonder if this is some lover of' the las see if it is, and they've kept me in the creek, they'll find to their cost what it is to offend the head of' the house. The gipsy I I mann tell Charles o' my suspicions, but in the mean time I'll have the chap to his dinner." "While this great result was agitating the bosom of Mr. Pearce, and while the harp was the Ring beneath the touch of Mary Peat, who still sang the b ii I ad of the 'Fair Young Knight, Charles! Patterson glided into the room, looking 180 pale and miserable, that the fair performer suddenly broke off in the middle of a stanza, and asked if he had seen a ghost ? "I think I have. Mary," he replied, trying to Annie. " What was it like? what Was it of a bleeding nun-a murdered man oh, what wait? do tell." " The Past, the buried Past! it haunts me still." "Poor fellow," said Mary, turning over her music in search of another song, you must be terribly ill since you have taken to quoting poetry. How are stocks to-day, Charles ; are the funds looking up?" " Three and a half," mechanically answered the lover, "are same as yester- ; but pshaw I hang the funds, has Mr. Pearse told you his intention about this hunting stranger ?'' " Oh yes he is to be asked to dinner we shall got great friends, I hope pleasant acquisition in this dull place, won't it?" " Oh very," replied Charles, in tone of voice that did not quite accord with the sentiment. " He is an officer" "Dear me! how charming !" interrupted Mary; and his name, dear Charles, have you found out his name?" " Slasher, be is home on his three years leave from India." " Oh what a nice neighbour he will be; what delightful stones he'll tell us if (Drinan's, and of Ind, Delhi, Hussorah, Damascus The very names are en hunting as fairy tales ; what day is he to be asked on ?" *. On Thursday, said Charles ; " I am surprised Mr. Pearce runs such a risk." " Risk, Charles! he isn't going to ride hunting with him, is he?" " Perhaps he is," replied the young man, shaking his head mysteriously, " and may find that he is thrown out." .. Thrown oh", yon mean, if you mean any thing," said Mary ; " but what do you in eau !" A rival," replied Charles, boldly, " a rival, Mary, in his own designs, though I conclude he feels pretty sure of what he is doing before he has taken such a step." " His designs? You amaze me, Charles. What designs? Whatrrival?" " Oh! I can't pretend to offer you information on points you must be no much better acquainted with yourself. However, it would have been better to have consulted me before your going so far. You will remember you are my father's representative, Charles is one of your guardians." A variety of colours passed over the beautiful brow and cheeks of Mary Peat, among which a bright scarlet soon gained the mastery, for her countenance was somewhat like a stormy sunset as he answered. " Who has dared to say this? Has Peter Pearce, banker and bachelor, head of the house, and fifty seven years of age? ''Pon my word, Charles, Charles, did you' know Mr. Dawson down?" (To be continued.) by 