O tgttnat Qotv'l0polnrnctt tt. To the Editor of the Australasian Chronicle' No. 7. ON THE WANDERINGS OF THE HUMAN MIND, IN SEARCH OF KNOWLEDGE. "The word of God is spirit and life, not to be estimated by the sense of man; not to be wrested to vain complacency ;. but to be re ceived with all hiumility and with greaf affec tion."-'Thomas aKempis. V Sta,-The pious "aKempis," who studied the sacred Scriptures with such assiduity, revb rence and spiritual advantage, teaches us how to draw the waters of life from its true fountain, "the word of God." The ways of God are not as the ways of men; nor is the "word of God" "to be estimated by the sense of man." How many have suffered shipwreck of the faith by striking on the rock of truth, when under the guidance only of "the sense of man"-when wresting the inspired words to "vain compla cency." Such was the fate of Paul, of Samo sata, Bishop of Antioch, about the year 262. Paul was much respected by Zencbia, the illus.. trious and far-famed Queen of Palmyra.' This lady was well versed in the learned languages and in history- though a Pagan, she was much inclined to the law of Moses; but was unable to comprehend the sublime and mysterious doc trines of Christianity. Paul through "vain and human complacency," undertook to explain to her the mysteries of the "incarnation," in a simple and intelligent manner, and within the reach of the human understanding. In this he woefully failed. For if the mysteries connected with man's redemption be reduced to the com prehension of man's understanding, they cease to be mysteries. Even St. Paul, who was taken up to the third Heaven, and who had beheld " things not given to man to utter," he was not able to comprehend that mystery of the incar nation " hidden for ages;" and contemplating " the depth of the riches of the wisdom and of the knowledge of God," manifested in the mys tery of man's redemption; he was only able to express himself on that mystery, by exclaiming. " How incomprehensible are his judgments, and how unsearchable are his ways. Who hath known the mind of the Lord ? or who hath been his counsellor ?"-Rom. 11. Paul, the rash expounder of the doctrine of the blessed Trinity, gave Zenobia to understand, that, by the three Persons named. when speaking of the God the Christians worshipped, she was not to understand that each person was God. but that the names of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost signified only three attributes of the Divinity. That one or either of these name was used to express the manifestation of the divine power or attribute in the creation, re demption and sanctification of man-that Jesus Christ was not God, but a man, on whom the wisdom of God was most abundantly conferred, and in whom the power of God was preemi nently manifested. Thus did Paul pare down and perfect the Catholic doctrine of " tree Divine persons in one God," in order to gain Zenobia to Christianity, thus refined to a system of mere human philosophy. The Bishops of 'Syria, on hearing of this novel exposition, as semble at Antioch. Paul attends and protests that he did not teach the false doctrine attri buted to him—he did not indeed preach that doc trine then in public--he only gave private lec tures to Zenobia, on the subject. The Bishops believe this evasive hierarch. But Paul encou raged by the protection of Zenobia, persisted in maintaining publicly his doctrine and the Bishops assemble a second time, convict him of denying the Divinity of Jesus Christ; he is excommuni cated and unanimously deposed by the Council in 269. The Council send their "synodal letter" to St. Dionysius, the Bishop of Rome, for approval, as was always the custom on such occasions. Paul, though deposed, and a successor duly appointed to the see of Antioch, retains forcible possession of the Episcopal house, until Zenobia was defeated by the Emperor Aurelian. The Catholics appeal to the Emperor, who, though a Pagan, gave an order that the house should be given to him to whom the Bishop of Rome adjudged it, stating that he who did not submit to the sentence of the Bishops of his religion, had no right to possess what was common to them; as Eusebius and Theoderet relate in their Ecclesiastical histories, L. 7 and L. 2. Two important facts may be here noticed, in connection with this matter of Paul of Samo rata. First, that the error regarding the Divi nity of Jesus Christ was broached and unani mously condemned long before the "Arian he resy " The abettors of " Arianism" would fain pretend that the " Fathers," before the Council of Nice, in 325, wrote in very ambiguous terms on the doctrine of the Trinity and Divinity of Christ, and that several of them believed as Arius did. But Sabellius, who had adopted the errors of Praxeus and Noctus, on the divinity of Christ, was opposed and condemned in the early part of the third century. St. Dionysius, of Alexondria, wrote against this heresy, even fore the time of Paul, of Samosata. The second fact is, the superior deference paid by all provincial or national Councils held either in the East or the West to the Bishop of Rome, in sending him their synodical proceed. ings for approval and confirmation, and the ac. knowledgment even on the part of the Pagan Emperors, that the Bishop of home held pro eminence amongst Christians, and that by his decision, such disputes should be settled, as con cerned Christians among themselves. For unless it had been a well recognised principle with the first Christian churches, and well known to the Pagan authorities, that the Bishop of Rome had pre-eminence in all the churches, the Emperor Aurelian would not think of referring a matter in dispute among the Christians at Antioch, the chief city in the East, to the Bishop of Rome, who had then no temporal power, or any con nection with the State. Thus St. Irenœus, a Greek, and Bishop of Lyons, at the close of the second century says, (L. 3. c. 3), "'1 shall confine myself to that of Rome, the greatest- the most ancient, and most illustrious Church, founded by the glorious Apostles, Peter and Paul, receiving from them her doctrine, which was announced to all men, and which through the succession of her Bishops is come down to us.. To this Church, on account of its superior headship, every other must have recourse, that is- the faithful of all countries." The reason of this pre-eminence in the Bishops of Rome, the successors of St. Peter, is, as Cyprian writes in. his famous treatise on the Unity of the Church, " that Christ built his Church, on one, and although he gives equal power to all the Apostles; yet to manifest unity, he authoritatively ordained the origin of unity to spring from one, that the Church may be shown to be one." Thus while we trace the wanderings of the human mind, "in searching the Scriptures," we every where meet with the records of the unity of doctrines and principles among Catholics of all antiquity and of every country. Blessed be the Providence of God, that thus conducts men to the trlie know. ledge of his holy word.-Yours truly, JOHN SCOTT.. 