A REBUKE TO EPISCOPAL SLANDERER'S TO .THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. Sydney, February 4, 1B9. ,Sla,--The following" truly Christian letter, is worthy' of being placed, upon permanent iecord. Itis the only testimony of the kind. I have seen against the bitter and me dacious attacks. upon the Wesleyan body,. which are now made by professed.advocates of the Church of England. The letter is from a clergyman who is not ashamed. of publishing his name, and is as below. A SINCERE WELL-WISHER OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND, AND A ,HATER OF BIGOTRY.. TO TILE EDITOR OF TILE'SUNDERLAND*IIERALD. Sir,-With great concern I noticed in your 'paper la4t week a reference to a tracf wvhich has appeared against the Methodists, and a hint that some' neigh. bourisg clergyman wias busy in circulatinig its venom. I. hope,, Sir,.that no parochial minister has been so indiscreet, and I beseech every man who wishes,well to the Church of England to place no reliance upon, armour of this desciuption. The pamphlet in ques tion 1 consider an unfair production. .lt has been concocteil under ruffled feelings, and displays little of the -minil' 'that was in Christ Jesus. Many of its statements' are taken from the Lives of Wesley, by Hampson and Southey, two authorsof suspicious and unfriendly bearing towards the Methodists; and I am much mistaken if the author is in any way acquainted with the writings of the Methodists. I would advise' him to tend all the sermon of Wisley, the works of Richard Watson, of Adam Clarke, and Joseph Ben son, of which he must be ignorant, or he could never have penned the tract before us. With still greater concern I have read the review of this injudicious performance in the The New Quarterly of the Church of England, which betrays an animus that will give pain to a very large propor. tiog of the clergy. 1' tell that reviewer, this is not the way to defend the Church; it is the way to ha-ten if.downfal. lie writes," whoever has. hadthe. least experience in parochial duty must have observed the zeal anid perseverance of'ihese dissenters, whose objet' jt-is to acquire a superiority of strength that they= may. effect the overthrow of the Church. r Sir, this .i not true., They do niot wish to overthrow the Church: 'they are at this present tihe its warm friends. They might, by joining the disseriters, do us much, do us irreparable harni: but., they remember' Wesley. * Iam, Sir; your obedient servant, BENJAMIN KIENNICOTT, Pehpetual Curate of Monkwearmouthl. We commend tl is excelkmt Clergyman's epis tle to.that sweet. littl& turtle-dove, Dr. Grant Broughton, who coos and nestles with such en-' deiririg fondness towards all tribes of orthodox Christians, regardless whether they roost in the ambitious hut.tottering spires of episcopacy, or in the lowlier eaves of unconsecrated taberitacles.' True, the.Right Jteverend dove did once, at least, permit his sleek plumage to be sadl1 ruffled, arid under the excitement of' that unguarded inoment, the natural .melody of his notes was changed for the harsh croakings of that bird of ill-omen, the screech-owl ;-the supposed harbingerof "death," and the repulsive exhorter to " DEATH,-BED RE PENTANCE.:. Our newly arrived rea'lers may not be aware, that a few months ago Bishop Broughton wrote a pastoral letter to a gentleman of rank, who had un dertaken to lay the foundation stone of a new +Wes-' leyan Chapel,. warping him of the guilt he was about. to incuir, a'id telling hit 'that this: Act of kindness to the =Wesley'ns would cause the gea It 3nust be somewhat consolatory, howevert o his,dovely f'eelings to know, that on that me rable.occaaion.his croakings in-no wise discoit. dosed the :nerves of the unoffending lirother at those casement they were croaked : whilst, on1te other hand, he ought. to take timely Warningfro the effects produced by his damnatory dissonance upon whole bevies of his friends, causing them to flee away from, his haunts, and to eschew huim as ai. ill favouried bird. It behoves him to t to a cooing ith 'aliis might, even to the utmost power of his tiny throat, in order that ire may ,allure thewanderers back to his belfry, and con. .ciliate the angerof his offended neighbours ofthe non- epicopal tribes. HIis.solstitial. flight to the ,souithern isles has not, we trust, o'er tired his wings, or impaird his powers of song; but amid all his future mi. gtatcons, 01 let him beware against ever hushing his (lovely icdencea, lnd assaying the dismal bas of the feathered disiurbers of "DEATU- Bans?, The re ietition of such pitiableitricks, so utterly urabecoirmng the meekness of an episcopal turtle dole, might perchance call up the ghost of old John Wesley, whose " lightest word" would be enoughito. pluck off all the Bishop's featheis and,. in fact, to annihilate a whole flock of such birds, as the. cooing Broughton' and the chirping Woodd..p 