THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES of Nicholas NtcKWbjj ; containing A faithful account, of the Fortunes, Misfor tunes, Uprisings, Downfallings', and complete Career of the Nickieby Family. EDITED BY " BOZ CHAPTER VII. (Continued.) MR. & MRS. SQUEERS AT HOME. " What are you bothering' about there, Smite ?" cried Mrs. Squeers; " let the things alone, can't you." " Eh !" said Squeers, -looking up. ' " Oh ! it's you, is it ? '' " Yes, Sir," replied the youth, pressing his hands together, as though to control by force the nervous wandering of his ® 9 tnere — " Well !-" said Squeers. " Have you — did anybody- — has nothing been heard — about me ?' " Devil a bit," replied Squeers testily.. The lad withdrew his eyes, and putting his hand to his face moved towards the door. " Not a word," resumed Squeers,.' and never will be.. Now, this is a pretty sort of thing, isn't it, that you should have been left here "all these years and 110 money paid after the first six — nor no notice taken, rior no clue to be got who you belong to ? It's a pretty' sort of thing that I should have tn feed a great fellow like you, and never hope to get one penny for it, isn't it ? " The boy put His hand to his head as if he were making an effort to recollect something, and then looking vacantly at his questioner, gradually broke into a smile and limped awriy. "I'll tell you what, Squeers," remarked n3 d t<(Tt Fa ft 4>It ft J3 a am ftl J3 £ L f .1. ' 1 _ xl A ao me uuui uiuseu, - i miiiK tnat voung chap's turning silly." "I hope not," said the schoolmaster.;" " for he's a handy fellow out of doors, and worth his meat and drink any way. I should think he'd have wit enough for us though, if he was. But come ; let's have supper, for I am hungry "and tired, and want to go to bed.' This reminder brought in an exclusive steak for. Mr. Squeers, who speedily pro ceeded to do it ample justice. Nicholas drew up his chair, but his appetite was effectually taken away. \- " How's the steak, Squeers," said Mrs. S. " Tender as a lamb," replied Squeers. " Have a bit.' " I couldn't eat a morsel, replied his wife " VVhat'll the young man take, my dear ? '" " Whatever he likes that's present," rejoined Squeers, in a most unusual burst of generosity. " What do you say, Mr. Knuckleboy ?' inquired Mrs. Squeers. " I'll take a. little of the p'e, if you please,' ' replied Nicho'as. " A very little for I'm not huntiy.' " Well, it a a pity to cut the pie if you'r not hungry, 'isn't it ? " said Mrs. Squeers. " Will you try a piece of the beef?" ' '. Whatever you please," replied Nich- olas abstractedly ; " its all the same to me." - / / Mrs. Snneers InnkpJ vsiQt-lv ornfinns on receiving this reply; and nodding to Squeers, as much 8s to say that she was glad to find the young man knew his station, assisted Nicholas to a slice of meat with her own fair hands. " Ale, Squeery ? " inquired the lady, winking aud frowning to give him to understand' that he question propounded was, whether Nicholas should have ale, and not whether he (Squeers) would take any. " Certainly," said Squeers, re-telegraph- f ing in the same manner. " A glassful." So Nicholas had a glassful, and being occupied with his own reflections, drank it in happy innocence of all the foregone proceedings. \ " Uncommon juicy steak that," said Squeers, as he laid down his knife and fork, after plying it in silence for some time. " It's prime meat/' rejoined his lady.; "I bought a good large piece of it myself on purpose for " : , " For what !" exclaimed Squeers hastily. ' Not for the — " "No, no; not for them/' rejoined Mrs. Squeers ; ' on purpose for you against you came home. Dor ! you didn't think I could have made such a mistake as that." " Upon mv word, ray dear, I didn't know what you were going to say," said, Squeers, who had turned very pale. You needn't make yourself uncom fortable," remarked his wife, laughing heartily; " To think that I should be such a noddy ! Well ! " This part of the conversation was rather unintelligible ; but popular rumour in the neighbourhood asserted that Mr. Squeers, being amiably opposed to cruelty to animals, not unfrequently purchased for boy consumption the bodies of horned cattle who had died a natural death, and possibly he was apprehensive of having unintentionally devoured some choice morsel intended for the young gentlemen. Supper: being over, and removed by a small servant girl with a hungry eye; Mrs/ Squeers retired to lock it up, and also to take into safe custody the clothes of the five boys who had just. arrived, and who were half -way up the troublesome flight of steps which leads to death's door, in consequence of exposure to the cold. They were then regaled with a light -supper cf porridge, and stowed away side by side in a small bedstead, to warm each other and dream of a substantial meal with something hot after it if their fancies set that way, which it is not at all improbable they did. Mr. Squeers treated, himself to a stiff tumbler of brandy and water, made on the liberal half and half .principle, allowing for the dissolution of the sugar ; and his amiable helpmate 'mixed Nicholas the ! T - . ' ' . ' ghost of a small "glassfull of the same, compound. This done, Mr. and Mrs. Squeers drew close up to the fire; and sitting with their feet on the fepder talked confidentially in whispers ; while Nicholas taking up the tutor's assistant, read the interesting legends in the miscellaneous questions, and all the figures into the bargain, with as much thought or con sciousness of what he was doing, as if he had been in a'magnetic slumber. At length Mr. Squeers yawned fearfully, and opined that it was high time to go to bed ; upon which signal Mrs. Squeers and the girl dragged in a small straw mattress and a couple of blankets, and arranged them into a couch for Nicholas. " W e'll put you into your regular bed room to-morrow, Nicklehy," said Squeers. " Let me see, who sleeps in Brooks's bed, my dear?" " In Brooks's," said Mrs. Squeers, pondering. " There's Jennings, little Bolder, Graymarsh, and what's his name." . Ii CSft a1 ' J» i n ou mere are, .rejoinea aqueers. " Yes ! Brooks is full." : " Full! " thought Nicholas, " I should think" he was." r "There's a place somewhere I know," s.aid Squeers; "but I ca't at this moment call to mind where it is. However, we'll have that all settled to-morrow. Good night, Nickieby. Seven o'clock in the morning/mind." . " I shall be. ready. Sir," replied Nich olas. "Goodnight." 44 I'll come in myself and show you where the well is,'' said Squeers. " Youll always find" a little bit of soap in the kitchen window ; that belongs to you/' Nicholas opened his eyes, but not his mouth ; aud Squeers was again going away, when hfe once more turned back. " I don't know, I am sure/' he said, " whose towel to put yoii on ; but if youll make shift with something to-morrow morning, Mrs. Squeers will arrange that, in the course of the day. My dear, don't fnrrrof ' " I'll take care," replied Mrs. Squeers ; " and mind you take care, young man, and get fiist wash. The teacher onght always to have it ; but they get the better of him if they can." . Mr. Squeers then nudged Mrs. Squeers to bring away the brandy bottle, lest Nicholas should help himself in the night ; and 4he lady having seized it with great precipitation, they retired together. Nicholas being left alone, took half a dozen turns up and down the room in a condition of much agitation and excite ment, but growing gradually calmer, sat himself idown in a chair and mentally resolved that, come what come might, he would endeavour for a time to bear what ever wretchedness might be in store for him, and that remembering the helpless ness of his mother and sister, he would give his uncle no plea for deserting tl em in their need. Good resolutions seldum fail of producing some good effects in the mind from which they spring. He grew less desponding, and — so sanguine and buovant in youth—even hoped that affairs at Dotheboys Hall might yet prove better than they promised. He was preparing for bed with some thing like reriewed cheerfulness, when a sealed letter fell from his coat pocket. In the hurry of leaving London, it had escaped his attention and had not occurred to him since, but it at once, brought back to him the recollection of the mysterious behaviour of Newman Noersrs. ' — " Dear me!" said Nicholas ; " what an extraordinary hand ! " It was directed to himself, was written upon very dirty paper, and in such cramped and crippled writing" as to be almost illegible. After great difficulty and much puzzling, he contrived to read as follows ; " My dear young Man. " I know the world. Your father did not, or he would' not have done me a kindness when there was no hope of ; return. You do not, or- you would not be bound on such a journey. ' If ever you want a shelter in London, (don't be angry at this, I once thought I never shpuld), they know where I live at the sign of the Crown, in Silver-street, - Golden Square. It is at the corner of Silver-street and James-street, with a bar.; door both ways. You can come at night. Once nobody was ashamed — never mind that. Tt's all over. " Excuse errors. I should forget how to wear a whole coat now. ; I have for gotten all my old ways. My spelling may have gone with them. Newman Nogos. " P.S. I£ you should go near Barnard Castle, there is good ale at the King's Head. Say you know me, and I am sure they will not! charge you for. it. .You may say Mr: Noggs there, for I was a gentle man then. I was indeed. (To be continued). A Pluralist—Absence of The provost of an adjoining watering-place, . whose absence of mind, ana " multifarious, irainenSS, and many' occupations, drove him almost mad, as may be conjectured from his honour being provost, chief town-magistrate, county-magistrate in right of office, post-master, and the sole purveyor of eatables, drinkables, spiceries, light, fuel,, smoking, and snuffing in ' the whole of this corporate town (Glasgow), on Thursday morning early, whilst walking about with out his'slioes, was assailed by the footman of neighbouring baronet, who called for his master's letters, a little girl lor two oat cakes and half-a-dozen red herrings, and several customers waiting besides. At this moment, tbe-servant girl brought him in his shoes, which slie laid on the counter.. The pluralist, stunned/ by his variety of duties, took the child's jnoney; and, wrap ping up his shoes hd the baronet's news papers in the cloth she brought, started her off to her mother; He gave the letter- bag fo the footman, who delivered it to his master, but, to the wonder of the -family, six red herrings were found in it The worthy functionary was. only brought to a sense pf his errors, by attempting to get his toes into the oat- cakes, which he had placed o;n tbe floor .--Glasgow Paper— ( Wti&t; dops Jonathan think of this ?) - ' 