AN AUSTRALIAN LEADER. Tue following extract is tnkett from a late, rium- bet;0f,'7'/ic Cambridge Independent Press, -We were much amused with tlie article, and we have no doubt our renders will life equally pleased : — Some Sydney: papers which we liavo recently ru- ceiveil (the latest. date being (lie O'tli January last),, have interested us not a little by their amusing and varied contents. Tile striking contrast of things so very similar to those at home, with things so very unlike our national characteristics, is the pre vailing feature of these colonial productions. For instance, we have editors railing anil abusing eacli other,' in good set Botany Bay slang, almost as ge- nyine as that in_ which a certain London evening paper, which rejoices in the soubriquet of Cnpicl, is abused by an iiuceituin morning paper,, nicknamed in return Stupid. We have police cases; and " accidents and offences" in the most prodigal abundance. There is aj complete glut in the market of coroners' inquests. Nfeithgr is that most interesting feature of an English journal, "horrid murders," wanting. Low reports; political discussions; atid party attacks make us believe we are poring over the lucubra tions of our brother journalists' at home, until we are undeceived by something " sojike.bntyel how unlike our Beverleyo !" " Extraordinary news, "Iiuv'er (by the time it reaches us from that quarter) under the age of the eternal pease-pudding, renowned in classic song " nine months old." Tliis is indeed the oddest cft'cct which the perusal of a file of papeis from a distant colony produces. An event takes place at home, which excites some conversation, and having" had its day" sinks quiclly into oblivion ; but during an interval . of some nine ur ten months, it takes a flight across'the Pacific ocean, and back again, and we arc visited with. its ghost in Ihe sheet of an Australian newspaper.- Thus, in one of the' most recent dated, papers before us, we have in the shape of "the latest 'English' news, "a report of Ihe address of the Lord Mayor and the Civic Functionaries of the city of London, imme diately after the deccAse of liis late Majesty. Why Wiliiim the, Fourth lias to us, of the newspaper tale become as iriuch a .matter of history as his name sake the Conqueror I We should just as soon have expected a little bit of private scaUrial of Queen Shcba,or the court intrigues of the ancient kings of Egypt, iiridcr'tlie head of " latest intelligence!" There is another provoking, yet still aniusiug, result obtained by the perusal of these papers. Some joke, which; after a vagabond career, is only to be likened to that of the iVunUering Jen) — after having run the ganntlct of thu London daily, evening, aud weekly papers ; and being bandied about through the English, Scotch; and Irish provincial press, till it has become worn-as a parish pump- handle, and as obsolete as a parish- poor-box— is quietly laid into its grhivcj never, as we fondly imagine, to vex and harrass us with its eternal visage any more, wlieu all at once it "grins horrible a- ghastly smile," aflcr'a' nine months' ab sence ; and we exclaim, horrified al the iinpertinenl apparition, like the persecuted Frenchman — Bugar, here's Monsieur Tonson come again." . These are, however,- reflections excited by a cur sory glance at these journals of n more elevated order. Scarcely fifty years have elapsed (the papers refer tq a jubilee, then taking place in commemora tion of the establishment of the colony) since this now important country was a desert, or, in its- own lan guage, one wild uncultivated " bush." The only inhabitants of its extensive plain the kangaroo, or a boing still more brutish in its nature, whom all the arts of subsequently introduced civilization have been found as vet incapable of reclaiming ; and even when the fostering care of the mother-country, it' few years afterwards, wns bestowed on this country, its only associations willi civilization was through the medium of depravity and crime. What is it how 7 We find ships pouring into its beautiful harbours from all pril ls of the civilised globe ; while from its fertile shores ara departing vessels freighted with the products of its industry and wealth. The very advertisements in these papers excite admiration and wonder. Fifteen thousand miles and more removed from us, we find tho; arts and elegancies of life, sought for with as much avidity as at liume. The same objects interesting! The same topics exciting l-Here, even here, we have the minute details of a theatrical performance— here, again, that of a musical ' concert, there, the examination of tho scholars of a College, and in another place, a subscription for a new church, or.a new monument— and such subscription lists— a whole yard in typical length I ono we see (Sir Richard Bourke, who was then leaving the colony, and n hose arrival in this country is daily expected) is nearly three columns in length, with its thumping fifties; twenties, and lens, in long array. . What can more strongly exemplify the wealth and refinement uf a people Itlian the encouragement of. the arts; accom panied by the means of encouraging them 1 Horse; races for the rich and idle; price currents and'markct lists for the speculative and industrious; Charity sermons for the warm philanthropists; estates for the capitalists; eau-de-Cologne for tile dandies'; and French millinery for tlie ladies, whom' we Iiiive no doubt, (Lord bless them) iriake as' iniich mischief under single gentlemen's waistcoats at Sydney, as, to bur certain knowledge, they do at Cambridge; No Englislitnaii (in despite of certain ' transporting recollections of a Bay, whicli usurps ibe nante of a charming science) can regard the growing prosperity of Australia, but with national pride and 'exultation. May lie not point to that distant corner of- the globe, and say with pardonable vanity—" Look what Eng lish industry, and English capiial have done?" liven with a mighty ocean rolling between her -arid 'heir de pendency, stretching over many thousand miluit; the power of English law prevails — tho spirit of English enterprise stimulates— and, above' all, the English language is spoken 1 From the same altars is the Great Creator of all nations addressed, and implored ill the same supplication, and for the same objects! Need England dread the approach of Time,' or that Age: will cripple her 'proud form among the nations, when she has such lusty and thriving children in the form of her colonies ? May her government of thehV'boclikeUhat-parental'will which attaches by its affection and cherishing fondness, and does not disunite by its harsh and unconciliatory controul! Australia inajr not ' only be' what' America is, but wliatrslie-ougllt now. to be, (matre jmlchrd- filia putchWor), to her mm her country. ' 