El-tract of a Letter from the Rev. John Thomas, dated Lifuha. "On arriving at this place from Lifuka, liaabai, where we had been to hold our annual meeting, we were told that more missionaries had arrived, and as we had been cxpccling brother Lyth, we rejoiced ; but upon making more particular inquiries, we learned that a Roman Catholic Bishop and three missionaries, and several others, had arrived, sent by his holiness the Pope of Rome. " A short time after we landed we were informed that his lordship had had an interview with King George before we returned, and that he wished him to allow two or three missionaries to be left at this island. The King enquired for what purpose he wished to leave them, saying, ' I and my people have aU turned to God.' His lordship then informed the King that their religion was the old and true religion, but what we had taught them was a new religion, and lately sprung up. The King said, he did not know what he meant by saying so, and observed, ' We hnow but of one God, to whom we hare all turned/ andto his Son Jesus Christ our Lord.' The King then advised the bishop to wait until we, the missionaries, returned. " Yesterday morning his lordship paid us a visit, with five others, three of whom are said to be priests, and two others, of some other capacity, hut what we know not. The object of his lordship's visit was to know the iniuds of us, the missionaries, whether or not two or three of their party should remain at Vavou. We begged to observe that we did not wish to interfere, viewing it as a matter between the King and his lordship. His lordship then informed us, that lie considered, it was as we pleased whether or not they should remain. But I observed to his lordship, that King George governed at Ilaafuluhao, and not the missionaries, and that as we did not know the object thev had in view, neither had King George sought advice from us on the subject. We considered it was a matter for the King to decide upon. His lordship wished us to tell him openly, without any disguise, what our minds were upon the subject, viz. did we wish them to remain or not ? We then requested to know the object they had in view in wishing to remain here, stating that if their object was lo teach their religion, it was our decided opinon, that it would not be good for them to remain here, as no possible good but much evil would result, by this people bein* divided; great, very great confusion would be the con. sequence; but that if they wished to remain merely on • tlie island, without interfering with religion, we begged ; to observe, that it was a matter for the King to decide. : After much conversation on both sides (which was car- i ried on through the mediun of a Frenchman who has been livingatthe Friendly Islandssince 1S27,who interpreted to me in the Tonga language, and spoke to them in French), we accompanied them to the King, in order to know his mind on the subject. The bishop requested the interpreter to inform the King that he wished to know his mind, whether he was willing or not for him to leave two or three of the priests at this group for a short time, say two or three months. The King asked him why he wished to leave them, and that if they were to go away in two or three months, why he could not as well take them away in the ship in which he had brought lr: :j them? „. .... • ' , . — • ' j , 1. —" " i ne. King said itwas not his mind they should at his islands. The bishop proposed to the King, that be would consult with the Missionaries and then eluHtr give nn thn his nai4 opinion: aP Uinn but the subject L. did not need l? any study on the part of King George; he told the French- 1- • man who interpreted to tell the bishop no, it was bis mind they sliould not remain. After one more equally unsuccessful attempt, the conversation ended. The bishop then bowed to the King, who was sitting on the mat, shook hands with him and Queen Charlotte, who was sitting by, and after shaking hands with us, he took his leave of us to our no small joy and delight. Where they will .next go I know not, but I hope a kind Providence will keep them far enough from all the islands that are opening to us. I, in the course of our conversation, informed his lordship of our having possession of the Fejees. Navigators', Keppel's, and Boscawen Islands apd of Neeooafoou. Also that we had recommended Rotumah to our society, and had people in our societies from that group, training up to go home in a short time to begin that mission. I informed him that we bad sent teachers to Wallis Island, but tliey had been driven back again; also I thought they ought to go to break up new ground, and not enter into the labours of others. .. „_ „ , the interpreter to purchase a few. copies of the works we had printed. I readily furnished him with about four, copies of all we.had pnntea'ip'the Tb^n ^nguag^^so afew copies of whatwehavewtftteninjh^^ -NavigatorJ Itiand- language", winch books were jdndiy received. _ V^pon thewhble, we felt ratheriorry'forthc men, for the bishop stated that they had met with nothing but jipposition^ viz. thetiatives rejectingthem atevery place wherje they liad called.*! " - .. . 1 f For the Colonial Record, j REFLECTIONS ON THE COLLECT, EPISTLE, AND GOSPEL FOR THE FIRST SUNDAY AFTER EASTER. The Epistle—I John r, 4. The Gospel—St John x*. 39. THIS Sunday is styled Low Sunday in.our almanacks; a phrase which orignated in the old custom of observing the octaves or eighth day after great festivals. These repetitions being deemed inferior to the feasts themselves, the Sunday in question was termed low JEasterj or, as it is now more commonly denominated, tow Sunday. The collect for the day is a prayer for purification of soul, which is expressed by intreiiting tliat we may " put away the leaven of'malicc and wickedness." . -The words are borrowed from St. Paul (I Cor. v. 8), and serve to remind us of that superior height of spiritual interpretation, which the developementof Christianity furnishes, to that which was afforded under the fainter light of the ancient Jewish economy. Unleavened bread reminded the children of the literal Israel, only of that haste with which their fathers quilted Egypt; while to the children of the spiritual Israel, it speaks of the necessity of " sincerity and truth." The Epistle commences with a declaration pregnant with consolation to the conflicting believer—" whatsoever is born of God, ovcrcometh the world." The assured prosperity of victory alone can sustain him whose heart faints within him, at the variety, number, and strengLh of the temptations by which he is assailed. It is a bold challenge, "who is he thatovercomcth the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God." But it is answerable. We may defy the universe to shew an instance of any child of Adam attaining to true selfpossession and conauest over the temptations to which being in this world exposes him, who was not a believer in the Lord Jesus Christ. The ancient heathen indeed dreamed-of such a thing, hut nothing more. Even their own unenlightened minds could discover that they were not fully equal to the effort; as when Diogenes the Stoic, walking over the rich carpet, exclaimed " thus I tread on the pride of Plato," he met the just rebuke of his insulted host, " Yes, and with more pride." In the portion of Scripture now under consideration, the celebrated passage 1 John v. 7, occurs, concerning the genuineness of which so much disputation has arisen. We may just observe that the weight of testimony in its favor, greatly exceeds that against it, whether we look to the external or internal evidence: but even supposing it an interpolation, the doctrihes of Christ's divinity— of the personality of the Holy Ghost—and of the Trinity, remain as ever the derided doctrines of holy writ. And there is an evidence which the poor often possess, which the wise and learned frequently do not attain to—" He that bclicvcih on the Son of God hath the witness in himself." How many dear children of the Lord have rejoiced and are rejoicing at this moment in Him who caine lo seek and save poor perishing sinners, who never knew or ever shall know that there are versions in the Latin and Greek differing from each other; or understood even, in their simplicity, what the collection of manuscripts means. Let us not forget when we become critics, what is the main point to have impressed upon our minds, even that which the A postle here brings before us—" He that hath the Son hath life, and he that hath not the Son hath not life." < It has been supposed by' some that the appearance of our Lord among the disciples, spoken of in the Gospel for this day, was sudden. It does not however appear from the context that the doors might not have opened to him supernaturally, as did others, as strongly secured, to Peter; and thusa material bodybe introduced among them in the ordinary way. All that is said is—" came Jesus, and stood in the midst." We find our Lord anxious to give bis followers the very highest assurance —that of sense. " He shewed unto them his hands and his side." This sight removed all doubtings. The breathing on them spoken of as accompanying his words —" receive ye the Holy Ghost," was probably in allusion to what lie had previously declared of the Holy Spirit being like unto the wind (John iii.). The Church of Home - arrogates to herself great powers from these words—" whosesoever sins ye remit," &c.; It is a questionable thing, at best, whether all ministers of the Gospel, in all ages, were to have this right; but however this matter bedetermiued, it yet remains for her to shew she can claim an exclusive authority from hence to reLaiii or remit sins. If there be such a power, certainly it was not here given to her; nor can the words by any ingenuity' be strained to such an application of them. CHURCHMAN. tg^r This communication of our esteemed correspondent should ha% c appeared last week, but was unavoidably postponed to our present number. We trust " Churchman" will continue to favour us with his acceptable communications.— Record. 