LITERARY NOTICES Lectures on the Poets and Poetry of Great Bri tain, with an introductory Lecture on Poetry in General. Delivered at the Mechanics' , School of Arts, By W. a' Beckett, Esq. Syd- ney. A.Cohen. We feel a peculiar pleasure in introducing to public notice the " Lectures on the Poets and Poetry of Great Britain, delivered in the Me chanics Sclipol of Arts, by W, a'Beckett, Esq." Characterised, as the Lectures are, by their purity of sentiment, and manliness of style, thev are -eminently calculated to promote the interests of the Mechanics' Institute, and to advance the cause of moral and intellectual enjoyment. Un like the generality of productions which issue from the press of this colony, the Lectures are exclusively devoted to the consideration of the oldest, and most excellent of the fine arts — an art which, as it were, forms a connecting link between the creatures of this lower world and the intelligences of a purer state, " glancing from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven," and body ing forth the forms of things unknown. v In commencing the Series of Lectures, Mr. A'Beckett states the motives with which he had undertaken the taek : — " Before entering upon the immediate subject of this lecture, I would beg to say a few words in teference to the motives with which I have undertaken the task. It is with much diffidence and some trepidation that I enter upon it, but 1 have striven to overcome both, from the conviction that the interests of this Institution — dependent as in a great measure they must be, on individual exertion — might materially suffer if those per mitting their names to appear as its ostensible supporters were to shrink from giving it their public and personal aid when required to do so. In the labours, of the committee, my professional pursuits hinder me from taking an active part, and I might without affectation have pleaded a similar excuse for declining the character in which I have the; honour of appearing before you this evening. 1 felt also that in assuming it, I had all the difficulty of tin experiment to contend with — an experiment in regard both to myself and to my nndience, though I confess that the hope of indulgence from my hearers offered an encou ragement which any confidence in my own powers must have left me entirely without. But hazar- dous (not to say presumptuous) as the task ap peared, I have nevertheless ventered upon it, noj only from a.sense of duty, but also in the hope that my example may be followed by .others who have more .time and talent at their command ; for i do not pretend to any peculiar qualification for the, office which I have under taken, beyond that love of literature which I hope is indulged by many of you here in com mon with myself. I am aware that we are in a country where literary predilections meet with little encoufagement— yet, small and tardy as that encouragement is, I trust that it will never extin guish, however it may check, a taste for intellec tual pursuits. Without this, the flocks and herds' may crowd our pastures, trade and coin- merce animate our towns and ports; lnit unless intellectual advancement keep pace with physi cal — unless, in short, the riches of the mind be simultaneously cultivated with the riches of the body— then, indeed, may we rejoice in a bound- less prospect of sheep and wool, or avarice and usury, of luxury and sensuality, but we shall in vain look for in Australia a race worthy the descendants of Englishmen, still less deserving the name of Christians, " It was to promote this intellectual advance ment that the School of Arts was established, and in connexion with its more direct objects, the subject of the present lecture on Poetry may not, perhaps, at first sight, appear to he congenial with the spirit of this institution, which has chiefly fur- its aim the encouragement and diffusion of practical and useful knowledge; It may occur to many of you to 'ask, of what service in the progress of this diffusion — is it, to be addressed on topics which affect rather the ' imagination than the intellect— to be carried, in short, to the contemplation of the dreamy, the fanciful, and the fictitious, when so much re mains to.be acquired of the true, the substantial, and the real ? The inquiry is natural — but, like many other inquiries, which arc the impulse of a first reflection, is one which, on mature delibera tion, would not perhaps have been made, for it assumes as a fact,, that which I must at once protest against as true— viz.', that poetry has no connexion with the realities of life— that it is a -thing indeed, of air and' shadow— an idle, though pleasing and seductive sound— but still a sound and nothing more. This is not its true description — it may belong to the definition of unmeaning verse or jingling rhyme; but, believe ine, there is something more than sound and har mony in these glorious outpourings of the human mind, of which poetry is at once the worthy and the fitting name. The testimony of 'a poet to the beauty ol his own art may be considered, perliaps, partial — but no one deemed higher of the poet's vocation than he who was himself the prince of poets. " Of all God's gifts of intellect," says an eloquent American critic and divine, " Milton esteemed poetical genius the most transcendent. He esteemed it in himself as a kind of inspira tion, and wrote- his great works with somethinf of the conscious, dignity of a .prophet. We agree with Milton in his estimate of poetry. It seems to us the divinest of all arts; lor it is the breathjng or expression of that principle or seuti- ment, which is deepest and sublimest in human nature; we mean, of that thirst or aspiration, to which no mind is wholly a stranger, for some- thing purer and lovelier, something more power, fiif, lofty, and thrilling, than ordinary and real life affords." In alluding to the progress of literature in New South Wales, Mr. A Beckett justly censures the "sectarian spirit and party bias" which animates bur public prints, and bticfiy notices the abortive attempts which have been made to direct the minds of the people "into purer channels of thought than politics and money getting." The principles laid down in the following passage are truly excellent, and it is a matter of sincere regret to every lover of literature, that the ephemeral gossip of the town is preferred to disquisitions of science and philosophy. We 'trust, however, that the day is not far distant when New South Wales shall boast of her Literary and Philosp- phical Journals, and when the people, escaping from the mists of avarice and sensuality in which they are now enveloped, will press forward to the serene temples of Truth . " It is not to be denied that the present age is not the most favourable for advocating the cause of the Muse. In England the Utilitarian principle is as broadly acknowledged, though not_ perhaps so advantageously pursued, as in New South Wales. But our brethren of the mother- country have less excuse than ourselves; they live not in so sunny a climate, but they breathe an atmosphere of genius and civilization, which is wholly beyond our reach. In a moral point of view, therefore, I regard it as a bad omen that poetry should be looked upon by them with so much apathy. It is true, they are ad vancing in science and art, but whilst rail-roads accelerate the motion of the body, we would ask if the Utilitarian principle is not checking in a greater proportion the progress of the mind? It is in opposition to this tendency of the mind to retrograde — to confine itself to gross and material speculations— that we would offer the counter acting influence of poetry ; not for the purpose of beguiling it with vain chimeras, but of re lieving it from the constant contemplation of petty and sensual cares— of seducing it from the earthly to the heavenly — from the perishable to the im mortal — from the transient to the eternal. But, how is this influence to he communicated, when the age we live in is so anti-poetic, and the colony we inhabit will not support a single literary periodical ? Not that it Inflows, if it would, that the poetical department would find many readers : for, as Mr. Montgomery aptly says, in speaking of the British Press, — " Almost every periodical, Irom the meanest to the mightiest, lias its poet's corner and its. critic's chair, and treats its readers with original or quoted verse; hut the deaths and marriages to some, the prices of stocks to others, lite fashions and court circulars to a third class, the burglaries and murders to a fourth, the law report to a fifth, and the politics to all— these are the foremost in esteem, while the poetry, al lowed by every body to he a bonne louche, is cour teously reserved for the last, and not seldom till there is no time left to swallow it down — sweetmeat as it is." However, we have no class here, as in England, exclusively devoted in the cause of let ters, diffusing and exciting through the pages of lite periodical Press a taste for lite refined and the beau tiful. Our Press is not wholly dead to the interests of literature— glimpses of a light ignited at rite shrine of philosophy occasionally brighten the at mosphere of sectarian spirit and party bias. Occa sionally, loo, the offspring of an original Aluse may he found in its pages, hut this is the extent of the service which is rendered to literature at the- hands of the Australian Press. Attempts have been made to direct the public mind into purer channels or thought than politics and money getting — but they have all signally failed. We must not look, then, to outward influences for aid or encouragement in the pursuit of mental pleasures, but cultivate a taste and relish for thern within ourselves, if the spirit of the age be a sensual and a low one, let us not follow it — if literature be forsaken by the Press, let us in dividually uphold and defend it; general reaction will in time follow— the public Press will refine with the public taste, -till even in Sydney news papers a philosophical essay may be preferred to a political squib, and the effusions of the Muse take precedence of the effusions of the police." On the rise and progress of poetry, Mr. A'Beckett observes, that its " first dcvelopement came from man in his rudest and most barbarous state." This, to a certain extent is true, for it is evident that, long antecedent to the systematic pursuit of science, poetry had made a considerable advance ment. Thus, iedeed, as writers have frequently remarked, the poems of Homer existed long before Greece arrived at the zenith of her glory. Dante, Petrarch, and Ariosto in Italy ; Camoens in Portugal: and Shakspeare, Spenser, and Mil ton, in England, flourished in ages, comparative ly speaking, dark and illiterate. If, however, we ascend to periods of higher antiquity, and contemplate the days of patriarchical simplicity, we shall find several very sublime pieces of poetry. Job, who according to judieious critics furnishes us with a dramatic composition of the sublimest kind, and, as an eminent prelate ob serves " in the wonderful speech of the Deity, every line delineates his attributes, every sentence opens a picture of some grand object in creation, characterised by its most striking features." In alluding to those characters, which the pen of the poet should ever strive to transmit with honour to posterity, Mr. a'Beckett very beauti fully remarks " that when greatness is attempted to be delineated, it should be true greatness." As the grand end and aim of our existence ought to be the amelioration of our fellow men, he can not he a true hero, who, hurried away by an in considerate ambition, endangers the liberties of mankind and spreads far and wide the miseries of war. He, and he only, is worthy of the name of hero, who, devoting his moral and intellectual energies to the elevation of his degenerate species, endeavours to emancipate them from the shackles of vice.' Hence, as our author justly observes, the character of a Howard is a much nobler sub ject for the imagination of the poet, than the terror and devastation of, the mightiest destroyer. " I do not say that every subject in poetry should be of an exalted and sublime character- hut when greatness is attempted to be delineated, it should be true greatness. One very prolific subject to the poet and painter is war — and the passions are never more successfully appealed to, than when some hero is depicted at' whose nod nations tremble, or before whose battle-axe hosts fall, end armies give way. Now this I hold to be essentially vulgar and common-place ; it is an appeal to the worst part of our nature,— it creates no moral sensation — it wins for physical force a respect which is only due to intellectual energy — and robs us of self-respect, that-richest of ail possessions, by enlisting us (through the low medium of the passions) in the admiration of that from which, in the cool moments of reflection, we must turn with aversion and disgust. Let me endeavour to illustrate this position. In reading those lines of Sir Walter Scott, which conclude— Charge, Chester, charge ! On Stanley, on ! Were the last words of Marmion — our sympathies are involuntarily enlisted — and Marmion, as he dies, urging on his friends to re venge and carnage, seems to us to expire in all the greatness of a hero. Now it is in opposition to this kind of heroism that we would propose, as a subject for the poet, moral heroism — and we will at once furnish him with an illustration of what we mean. When Howard, the philanthro pist, went to visit the prisons at St. Petersburgh, an invitation was sent him; to dine with the Em press. " No," he replied ; "go tell your mistress that I come to visit the dungeons of the captive — not the palaces of kings." Now these words were ten thousand times more noble than the last words of Marmion— and yet, how little effect tliey produce on us, compared with those! How contemptible too by the side of this magnani mously minded man, does an Alexander or a Napoleon seem ! but because their career was on the battle-field, and their steps to greatness (as it is called) were over human carcases and human rights — whilst Howard's was in the gloom of dungeons, and in the cells of proscribed pesti lence, for the purpose of redressing human wrougs— the one is called great and-glorious, and the other comparatively forgotten. In the bar barous ages of man, when every nation lived in a state of warfare, I am not astonished that the warrior should have been thought a hero, and his deeds considered worthy of commemoration ; hut that those wholesale butchers, who figure so con spicuously in modern history, should be there called great, and lhata civilised posterity should be duped into adopting the term, does, I confess, surprise me. Doubtless, the battle of Waterloo is a much more stirring and scenic picture than Howard in the prison of the captive, or in the cell of the lazaretto; but can there be a moment's he sitation as to which picture is more pleasing to the eye of the Creator to dwell upon — him who is employed, secundum artem, in concentrating all the energies of mind and matter for the destruc tion of his race, or him who has voluntarily left a home of ease and affluence to minister to the wants and sufferings of his fellow-creatures, amid the dens of poverty, disease, and pestilence? If we are to have statues, let it he, I say, of our Howards ; we have generals and statesmen enough, and could spare a few to make way fo one such philanthropist as Howard. It is the office, then, of poetry, to immortalize such sub jects as these, and to place them in such a man ner before the reader as to give them a preference in his mind over themes of a more stirring and physical description. We are all of us too prone to prefer the sensual to the intellectual— the arti ficial to the natural. What a rush there would he to an exhibition of fire-works to-night — yel, who cares about getting up in the morning to see the rising of the sun ? How many eyes will he on the look out for Mr Hoilinshed's balloon to morrow evening ; yet, how few care to know the principles on which the balloon ascends ! What shouts and plaudits, when a tight-rope dancer twirls over the stage, but what drowsines and apathy follow the reveries of Macbeth and Ham let ! It is this principle of appeal to the senses that poetry is more than anything calculated to contend with— and the poet, in fixing his stand ard of greatness, should he careful to adopt one to which the world should bend, rather than one which bends to the world. He is not tied down, like the dramatist or the artist, to the rules which govern their avocation as an art— the appeal he is making is not to the senses, but to the soul and the imagination. The stage would, be no place for such characters as Fenelon or Howard— hut in a poem, how conspicuously might they be made to shine !" In the second Lecture, Mr. a'Beckett gives a sketch of the principal poets from Gower and Chaucer to Shakspeare and Spenser, and in a very appropriate manner, introduces several in teresting anecdotes respecting their private history and characters. The observations on the unfor tunate Raleigh, and his poem entitled "The Lye," will he read with interest : — " A name which calls up many painful historical reminiscences is- now to be mentioned — that of Sir Waller Raleigh. Though principally known as an author by his History of the World, which he composed in prison, some specimens ol his muse have been preserved, which seem to justify the observation of Spenser, who (speaking of Raleigh's poetry) styles him " a summer night ingale," who was " himself as skillful in that art as any." The one which I am about to quote is said to have, been written the night previous to his execution, and has had prefixed to it the various titles of The Lye , The Souls Errand , and The Souls Farewell, THE LYE. Goe, soule, the bodies guest, Upon a thanklesse arrant ; Feare not to touch tliu best, The truth shall he thy warrant : Goe, since I needs must dye, And give the world the lye. Goe, .tell the court it glows And shines like rotten wood ; Goe, tell the church it showes What's good, and doth no good ; If church and court reply, Then give them both the lye. Tell potentates they live Acting by others actions; Not lov'd unless they give, Not strong but by their factions; If potentates reply, Give potentates the lye. Tell men of high condition, That rule affairs of state, Their purpose is ambition, Their practice only hate; And if they once reply, Then give thern all the lye. Tell them that brave it most, Thev bee for more bv snendino. Who in their greatest cost Reek nothing but commending; And if they make reply, Spare not to give the lye. Tell zeale, it lacks devotion ; Tell love, it is but lust ; Tell time, it is but motion ; Tell flesh, it is but dust ; And wish them not reply. For thou must give the lye. Tel I' age, it daily wasteth; Tell honour, how it alters; Tell beauty, how she blasted) ; Tell favour, huw she falters ; And as they shall reply, Give each of tbem the lye. Tell wit, how much it wrangles - In fickle points of nicenesse; Tell wisdome, she entangles Herselfe in over-nicenesse ; -> And if they do reply, Straight give them both the lye. Tell physicke of her boldnesse; Tell skill, it is pretension , Tell charity of her coldnesse ; Tell law, it is contention ; Apd as they yield reply, So give thern still the lye. Tell fortune of her hlindnesse ; Tell nature of decay ; Tell friendship of unkiudnesse ;' Tell justice of delay ; And il they dare reply. Then, give them all the lye. Tell arts they have no soundnesse, . But vary by esteeming ; Tell schooles tliey want profound mum, Ami stand- loo much on seeming ; If arts and schooles reply, Give arts and schooles the lye. Tell faith, it's fled the cilic ; Tell how the country errelh ; TjriJ, manhood shakes off pitie, Tell, vertoe least preferreih ; And, if they do reply, Spare not to give tho lye. V So, when thou hast, as I Commanded thee, done blabbing, Although to give the lye Deserves no less than stabbing, Yet stab'at thee who will, No stab the soule can kill. " Raleigh was beheaded on the 29th October, 1618, saying, as lie look the axe in his hand to feel its edge, " this is u sharp medicine, but a. sure remedy for all evils." He was one of the most learned and accomplished men of his age, but had the fault of being too intent upon gain, which made him so importunate in his solicita tions to the Queen, that she once said to him, " When, Sir Walter, will you cease to be a beg gar?" to which lie dexterously replied, " When your Majesty ceases to be a benefactor." We shall, "feel less for the fate of Raleigh, when we remember that his mean jealousy of Essex led him to. hasten the exeputipn of that unfortunate favourite, and that he not- only urged that epent on the minister Cecil, but himself viewed it from a wiqdqw in the armoury of the Tower." After glancing at several poets subsequent to the days of Raleigh, Air. a'Beckett, gives the fol lowing sketch of the life of the renowned Shak- speare : — "If one could he placed in the midst of the times and characters that existed two centuries and a half ago, with our present knowledge, I wonder whether we should think it a tragedy or a farce, to be told that, on riding to the doors ot the theatre, our horse would be held by a person named Sliakspeare. Yet, such was the occupa tion of him from whose imagination sprung the devoted Juliet and the gentle Perdita — the pen sive Hamlet— the jealous Othello — the crazed Lear — and the ambitious Richard. That he was the son of a butcher is well known: he who held the dagger of Alelpomene, bled calves before lie killed tyrants, and addressed pathetic harrangues to the spectators of the unjust death dealt to these innocent beasts.' lie married at eighteen, was taken before a magistrate for poaching, and afterwards went to seek his fortune in London. ' Poverty,' continues my authority, ' pursued her children.' Reduced to hold gentle men's horses, at the theatre doors, ha disciplined a troop of intelligent servants, who took the name of « Shakspeare's boys.' From the doors of the theatre, gliding behind the scenes, he held the place of call-boy. < Green, his kinsman, an actor of Black Friars, thrust him from the wings on the stage, and from an actor he rose to author.' lie was fifty years of age before he quilted the theatre, where he is said to have acted the part ol Friar Lawrence in Romeo and Juliet, and that of the Ghost (an Irishman would say, his ownghost ) in Ilamlet. He died in 1G16, scarcely conscious of having done any thing that posterity would care to hear of. Ilis poverty, and that of Cer vantes, who was his contemporary, is thus con cisely recorded : — Cervantes died in the same year and same month with Sliakspeare. Two doeuments spe cify the wealth of these authors. " ' William Shakspeare, by his testament, be queathed to his wife his second best bed. He lelt two of his brother actors thirty-two shillings each to buy rings. lie constituted his eldest daughter, Susan, his residuary legatee, and made some little presents to his second, Judith, who signed a cross at the bottom of the papers, proving that she could not write. " ' Michael Cervantes acknowledged, by note, that Ira had received, as the dower of his wife, Catherine Sulnzor y Polacois, a spindle, an iron skillet, three spits, a shovel, a rasp, a brush, six bushels of meal, five pounds of wax, two little stools, a four-legged table, a woollen mattress, a copper candlesticks, two quilts, two infaiit Jesuses, with their little clothes and shirts, forty- four liens and pullets, with one cockl " ' There is now-a-days, no scribbler so mean but would exclaim against the injustice of man kind aud their contempt of genius, if he were not gorged with pensions, a hundredth part of which would have been a fortune to Cervantes and to Shakspeare. In 1616, therefore, the painter of Lear's fool, and the painter of Don Quixotte, worthy fellow-travellers ! set out together for a belter world.' " In the third Lecture, the chronological account of the British Poets is continued, and the cha racter and works of Milton are ably discussed. This passage is peculiarly worthy of notice, and we regret that our limits will not allow us to transcribe it. " In taking leave of Milton," Mr. a'Beckett remarks, " we descend from an altitude of genius, which as it o'erlops all preceding heights, so it projects its shade over all that lies beyond." Passing from the works of this distin guished poet, Butler, Rochester, Dryden, Prior, Pope, Blackmore, and Addison, are brought in rapid procession before us. On arriving at this part of the Lectures, we cannot but regret that our author should have limited himself to three evenings, for it is evident that he was obliged t treat many excellent poets in a very summary manner, and to pass over others without the slightest notice. This deficiency we trust Air. a'Beckett will supply in the ensuing season, by delivering a second course of Lectures on the subject. From the days of Thomson and Collins, down to the present period, there is a fine field open for the consideration of our author, and one to which we are convinced, from the admirable Lectures he has already delivered, lie will do ample justice. In concluding the subject, Air. a'Beckett makes a brief allusion to the poets of Australia. Of Mr. Henry llalloran lie truly observes. " that he displays powers, which far exceed the average share of merit necessary to obtain permanent re putation." This remark is but due to Air. Hal- loran, for of all the poets of Australia, he appears to possess the greatest share of the spirit of in- 1 spiration. With regard to Mr. Foster — that learned gentlemen of the legal profession — we do not agree with our author. We cannot perceive 1 either great talent or great energy in his poem on 1 Australia, and, even in the extract with which Mr. a'Beckett presents us, we can scarcely dis- ' cover a truly poetical image. Mr. Foster we be- 1 lieve to he a talented lawyer, aud a man of con siderable attainments, but we do not admire him 1 as a poet. His poem on Australia -bears the ' learning of the scholar, although it wants the genuine fire of poetry. If we required an advo- ' cnte to plead a cause in the Supreme Court, we know of no barrister whom we should prefer to Mr. Forster, but, in the Court of Apollo, we- ; should esteem Mr. llalloran as the more favoured ! pleader. The Lectures of Mr. a'Beckett demand the 1 warmest acknowledgment from the Australian 1 public, inasmuch as they are calculated to con- 1 fer a benefit on society, by withdrawing the atten- 1 lion from trivial and unimportant subjects, and 1 fixing it on those of a sublime character. Poetry, ' and more especially that species of poetry which our author commends, must exercise the most beneficial influence. It will produce a mora? effect of the highest order — it will purify the h.eart, elevate the affections, and improve the mind; and, combined wiili other salutary efforts, now in operation, will tend to generate " the aristocracy of Virtue." This is. (he only true aristocracy— nobilitas sola est atque unica virtus, for, in the eyes of Him who views, all without respect to persons, moral worth is the only stax oard of excel lence. lit taking leave of the Lectures, we beg to tender our sincere thanks to Mr. a'Beckett for the intellectual treat which he lias conferred upon us. To employ a familiar image -from, the natural world, his book has had as refreshing- an effect on us, as tne cooling stream on the parched- traveller 6Jotiropi)j Si/uvri ntiyaiov plog. Patter's Grecian Antiquities, with Notes and Illustrations. Adams' Roman Antiquities . with 100 Illustrations. Tegg, Sydney. An uneducatedjnan can never be considered a gentleman. Patrician blood may flow through, his veins, his form and figure may denote his extraction, but the inner roan is only known by the ptesence or absence of a gentlemanly edu cation. Rarely is'au uneducated man elegant in his manner or address. In the society of well- bred men he is either stupidly silent; or (pre-, suming on his origin) lie is impertinently lor- ward and boisterously, rude. The study of history is a most important ' branch of a gentleman's education, to the divine, lira lawyer, aodtbe statesman, it. is absolutely in- ilispensible. To study. history critically1- vie mast 1 begin fwin the begtaning. consequently we should commence with sacred history, then Gre cian, and next to this, the Roman history. We have translated into English many histories of Greece and Rome, but it must not be lost sight of that to understand those histories well we should (like the compilers of those histories), make ourselves familiar with the feelings aud writings of the people whose history is recorded. Consequently a tolerable knowledge of the Greek and Latin languages must be attained before we can undertake the critical study of history. \V riters generally presume when com mitting their ideas to the press, their readers are able to follow their line of reasoning, hence ana logies are drawn between the position tliey are attempting to establish and the prevailing opin ions of men ol other days, and nations. Allu sions and quotations are made by modern philo sophers, statesmen, lawyers, physicians, and men of science to the prevailing doctrines and opi nions of the philosophers ami statesmen of ancient Greece and Rome; ilra| point and force of such allusions, are lost or but imperfectly compre hended by the reader if he is ignorant of the works to which allusion is made, or from which the authority is derived. To our young aspirants to educational fame, we strongly recommend not the mere peiusal, but the laborious study of the two works to which these observations particularly refer. These 'volumes comprise a fund of historical information, the literary fame of their respective authors is a guarantee for the fidelity and ability of the works themselves, and the titles of the works sufficiently denote the importance of their object. The rising generation of New South Wales possess facilities winch their predecessors did not, schools are now plentiful, aud many of tlram are, we believe, conducted by men of superior academical qualifications, and as at no very distant period this colony will he entrusted with its own Government, we. venture to express a hope that those among our youth, whose wealth may entitle tlram to a seat in our legislature, will employ their earlier years in preparing themselves for the arduous and honourable post of legislators. Dangerous Sgperstitions. — Tue Blessing oftue Waters.— The 6th of January, old style, is the day set apart throughout the' empiie for blessing the waters. In every city and place in Russia this solemn religious ceremony takes place on this day. I repaired, by invitation, to the palace at eleven, and was placed, as before, among the aides-de-camp genhraux of the Em peror. Lady Londonderry had received a special letter of request from Prince Volkonski, to attend at the Emperor's apartments to see the procession, and afterwards to inspect her Imperial Majesty's jewels. The troops of the regiments of the guards in garrison, at St. Petersburgh, were formed pretty much in the same manner as they were on New Year's-day. Tliey lined the sa loons of the Palais d'Hiver, and the officers assembled, as before, in "la salle blanche." At eleven the Emperor, accompanied by Prince Charles of Prussia, and the Hfcritier, arrived, and the column of procession was formed to the palace chapel, where high mass was performed. On this occasion (the only one in the year, the Archbishop, or Aletropolitan, performs the ser vice himself, and it is done with all due pomp and solemnity. The high priests and clergy assisting were clothed in more cosily robes than on any former occasion. The Metropolitan, who is a man of small stature, seemed buried under the weight or his garments of gold, and of his cap, in which every jewel of the East seemed to he concentrated. The Emperor and Prince Charles stood together near the altar, the Grand Duke behind them; and all others present formed a circle around tlram. No ladies were present. The mass being ended, and the " Te Deum" chanted, the great banners of the chapel were taken up by the attending clergy, to be borne out upon the waters, together with the sacred cups, books, and the symbol of the host, which were lifted up and carried by the priests. The young boys of the choir of ehoiristers next struck up a hymn of praise, and formed three abreast, followed by the gentlemen singers in like order. They mrfrched through the whole of the rooms of the palace to the great staircase leading to the Neva. After the above, appeared all the sacred emblems borne by the priests, two and two, of whom more than three hundred filed off, carrying these offerings and religious relics. Their rear was closed by the Metropolitan himself, with train-bearers, &c.; After the head di-natnry of the church the Emperor came, in Cossack dress, with his head bare; behind him'' followed his aides-de-camp generaux, and all the civil and military officers of the empire of the capital. On coming to the grand door of the palace, the cold was near twenty-eight degrees, and the snow was falling in thick masses; the atmosphere was dense ami foggy, and yet, notwithstanding all this in clemency of weather, countless multitudes ap peared on the quay, on the banks, and on the waters of the Neva ! The Emperor stopped on the staircase, and ordered Prince Charles of Prussia and the grand Duke not to go out of doors and expose themselves to the tremendous weather that was raging. Tliey obeyed his Im perial Alajesty's orders. He was kind enough to address me in a similar strain. I replied, that his Imperial Alajesty had been so obliging as to. place me among his aides-de- camp gfenfcraux, and I trusted he would allow me to- attend his person as tliey did. We left the palace, and walked in solemn procession, amongst the mass of the inhabitants of St. Petersburg!), without cloaks, and bare-headed, in splendid uniforms, and diamond decorations, in cordons of all colours, and in uniforms of all classes and de scriptions, in one of the most pitiless snow-storms that ever descended from the heavens, along the terrace and quays of the Neva, for a considerable distance, until we were opposite the windows of the Empress, where her Imperial Alajesty and her ladies were assembled. We then turned to the Neva, and proceeded on the ice to a temple which was erected on the river. The clergy and the head of the cortege assembled around, and within it. A loud mass was then sung ; at its conclusion the Metropolitan, taking off his upper garments, and seizing a large basin and tankard, descended a staircase leading from the inside of the temple to the water, a large hole having been made in the ice under the temple. His Eminence shortly appeared from below, having blessed the waters; and bearing them in the jug and salver, lie proceeded to the Emperor, who plunged his face and_ hands into the vessel; then the grand priest, dipping a brush into the water, sprinkled his Imperial Alajesty all over, invoking, at the same time, the blessing of Heaven on Russia, and its benediction to oil the standards and colours, which bad been collected round to the temple, and afterwards to the officers civil and military, who were besprinkled in a similar man ner. During this period salutes of artillery from the fortress continued to be discharged, but the multitude remained iii bfeatfiless awe and silence. One of the officiating clergy had been despatched, so soon a the Metropolitan had blessed the waters of the Neva, to the Empress, within the pgtace, bearing vessels and goblets fo'r her Im perial Alajesty and. the ladies, filled with the holy water.; and when the procession resumed its way back to the palace, the whole populace rushed to the_ temple to drink, or to. touch the waters. It is difficult to.accountjfor the extreme supersti tion which. pervades the. lower, class of. Russians, a vem to, this. day, it) regard to. this ceremony. Recollections of a Tour in the North of JBurqv. 