To the Editor of the Hobart J'ou ii Advertiser Sin,—I was much amused the other day when walking down Patrick-street, to observe a worthy friend running along ns fast as lie could, visibly under the impression of fear; he did not stop to look back until lie wns a considerable distance down Elizabeth-street. I asked him, "what's the matter ?" He replied " Oh, I heard the noise of a rock beiug blasted in the quarry on the top of the hill, and I fear some piece may some day or other tumble down on my house; it is rascally work altogether!" He then ran oil", and on the spur of the moment he wrote an account of the transaction to the Colonial Times, which strongly marked die fears he entertained. As 1 reside in die neighbourhood, 1 made it my business to go to die quarry to see how diings were managed. I found not the least grounds for alarm. When rocks are blasted, one of the contractors is always present; and when blasting takes place, nil the quarrymen, about twenty in number, are required to form a circle round die quarry to warn people, and even carts cominealong, and children passing by are cautioned. The spirited contractors rent die quarry from the Government at a very high rent, and upwards of fifty persons weekly depend for their subsistence on the labour performed in the quarry—£05 in wages being paid every Saturday to the quarrymen. This is independent of calls and otlier persons connected with building. It is indeed ridiculous to expeel that so great a a number of persons should be thrown out of employment, and that those who are erecting buildings in loivu should go tiiree or four miles for stone because my friend resides in Patrickstreet ; that indeed would lie too much of a joke. I am, Sir, yours, &c.; May 7, 1839. OBSEttVF.R. ['Hie above is inserted in justice to die parties, but of the merits of the question we as yet know nothing,— lid. H. T. A.] The Queen's Orphan Schools.—Although we prefer the independent habits usual to a country life, to the gaities of the metropolis —the honest frankness of the peasant, to the soft-tongued dissimulation of tlie professed courtier—die wide-spread canopv of Heaven, to the painted ceiling—still, having undertaken the performance of public duties, we must of course fall in occasionally with the crowd. In other words, we must, if we can, be fashionable, for we feel very sensibly the propriety of being so. Well, then, actuated by this desire, or perhaps a better one, we also amongst others a few days since visited the Queen's Orphan Schools, at New Town, and having been requested to record our opinions respecting them in the Visitor's Book, we did so in words to the following effeet:— We consider this Institution, whether tre look at it with reference to the comparative, infancy of its establishment, or the benevolent objects contemplated in its formation, to be an honor, not only to Van Diemen's Land, but to the British Colonies generally. Nothing human is perfect, and to expect it here, is folly. Believing however, that instilling, by precept and example, habits of neatness to be as essential a point of useful education as any other, we venture to suggest the following remarks for consideration : Tlie removal of all the great, awkward, unnecessary, and unsightly ports and staunchions in the sleeping rooms. They are more suited to a cattle market or a granary on the wharf, than the sleeping room of even a giant. Let there be light hollow iron rails rnn along, slightly ornamented with brass. On these the hammocks may be slung, if hammocks are necessary, which we say they arc not. If, however, they must be the. sleeping furniture, then let them be slung in ship-shape fashion, and let all the wretched ropes and ends of ropes be seen no more.— Let the air lights be fitted also with neat small brass or iron blocks, and white line pnllies. Let the sleeping rooms be " holystoned," not washed out and left to dry, as it may be. His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, the patron of the Institution, will understand what we mean, and also a few others who know something about" turning out" for such purposes. Well, then, this would give an appearance of neatness which at present is certainly not visible. Do away with the swings, which are neither deccut or safe for the female children. Give the boys an English " round about" in the open play ground, and another under cover for exercise in wet weather. These roundabouts are capital things, as are wicket, single and double, nine pins, and gymnastic exercises of every kind. To show that the slings are bad, we need only allude to the serious accident of about three weeks since, when one of the children was very severely injured. We have only space for one more observation. Had we any thing to do with these public sclwols, we would urge the appointment of a Master and Mistress of the Games, whose duty it should be to do all in their power to make the children of both sexes healthy, kind to each other, and happy, in the most comprehensive sense of the term—and as junior officer of this department of fun and frolic, we would strongly recommend the little bellman (commonly but very irreverently called the town-crier,) for of all the original originalities of this Co- lony in his peculiar way, he stands number one in our cstinlation. The Cant of Propriety.—Of all the cant which is practised iti this canting world, the one which is most disgusting is the cant of propriety. The cant of propriety is now the great bugbear to frighten little minds, and a 1 the latter do, and always did, and for ever will abound throughout this world, it is a hoax perpetual, not likely ever entirely to lose its influence. This, however, is 110 reason why we, who hate cant of every kind with a most ardent hatred, but more especially the cant of propriety, should not express our opinion upon it, sickened and surfeited as we have been by the monstrous folly of its professors. In this age of affected purity, a man, and scarccly a female, can neither turn, or look, or speak, or act in any way, in an honest, open-hearted manner but rail the chance of being considered ns having committed a breach of propriety, and so much has this probable consequence influenced a certain class, that those who were formerly frank, and open, and English-like, are gradually becoming sedate and solemn, and hypocritical. To give an opinion with propriety on any common question, it is now necessary to look straight down your nose, and then up to heaven, as if heaven had anything to do with cant and imposition. We consider that this cant of propriety is as fast as possible destroying every particle of good old English feeling, and that travelling at its presentratc the whole world will be inundated through its means with a greater moral pest than lias ever been recorded in its history. Foot, and horse-racing, hunting, gymnastic exercises of every kind, by which tlie body is kept inhcaltli and the mind in spirit, which fits aman without prejudice to the rc.il value of his character, either for the field at home, or for t he field of battle when his country requires his services, must be exploded forsooth because these occupations are ungenteel, not perhaps decorous, or boisterous, and vulgar. This is out with the English roast beef, and bring in the tea with a vengeance; and all forsooth for what? Because cant, cant, the cant of propriety has thrown the garb of hypocrisy over the " fine old English Gentleman," who couli' formerly appear as happy as his heart and hand were open and honest, but who now can neither join in a hunt, or a race, or a dinner without being considered a vulgar person, a—very—coarse—man, Ghost of Bnimmcl of tlie starched cravat, draw on your white kid gloves, and hold the reins, whilst w bend on ae new lash to flog these fellows 1 New Norfolk Hospital.—We have received certain information from New Norfolk, respecting tlie hospital at that -township. As this establishment is of a public description, and its proper management of vital importance, we shall occasionally refer thereto; at present we shall offer only a few observations for the consideration of the Government and the public. In the establishment, or in some way connected with it, as we are informed, are no Jess than 350 individuals, of course nearly all of whom are patients; amongst them, are to be found the melancholy and the raving tnad—those labouring under the most terrible, hideous chronic disorders, and those suffering from the most hideous of compound fractures—indeed, patients suffering under almost every complaint and disease to which tlie human frame is liable are there we say to be found - and yet, it will scarcely be blieved that there arc, as we understand, only two medical men in charge! We do not pre- sume to offer one word against these individuals personally—but let us ask, is a Port Arthur Surgeon sufficiently experienced (as a matter of course) to become the chief physician and senior surgeon of such an extensive establishment as that or New Norfolk. His duties at Port Arthur were comparatively but trifling—complicated cases if there were any, were always transferred to Hobart Town, and probably the whole medical experience gained by him at the Port Arthur station was, the extent that corporal punishment could be inflicted without bringing on syncope. That the senior surgeon may be clever, it is possible—nay, very probable—his age and previous practice, prevents the possibility of his having had much general experience. The junior surgeon is expected, and docs reside on the premises. Now, what we would strongly recommend to the consideration of His Excellency is, that visiting Magistrates, or some other kind of inspection should be ordered weekly fortius establishment—some persons appointed to whom the patients could complain when they may have just cause of complaint. Who can say but, that under improper medical officers, the maniac wards might not now. be the prison of persons whose absence it was the interest of others to cause! The hospital in a word might be rendered another Bastile, if the medical officers thought proper to sanction such proceedings. We are aware, that on certain days (we think once in three months) the chief surgeon of the Colony visits the hospital,—but these periodical visits are but of very short duration—mere matters of form. We think it the very first duty of mankind to offer the utmost possible relief to those of their fellow creatures suffering under disease—and a Government like this is, at all events, bound to see that the lives of the convict, if not the free population, are not trifled with ;—that such is the case at present at New Norfolk, we pretend not to aver. We however respectfully call upon His Excellency to see visiting Magistrates .appointed, and to require from them satisfactory monthly returns. Fall in the price of Bread.—During the past week, the price of bread has declined from Is. 6d. to Is. 2d. the 4lb. loaf; flour still maintains its previous pricc. Thus, reason is afforded to believe, that the hitherto exorbitant price of bread lias been the effect of combination.—Cornwall Chronicle. Launccston.—In our last number, ivc endeavoured to draw the attention of the merchants and others to the necessity at present existing for a Chamber of Commerce. As will be seen by the following extract of our contemporaries of the Cornwall Chronicle and Advertiser, arc laudably exerting to effect the same object themselves at Launceston. Will the merchants of Hobart Town fall in the rear, instead of taking the lead ? We cannot believe it possible. Commercial and Agricultural Exchange.—The want of an Institution in the town of Launceston, having for its object the promotion of the mercantile interests of the port, has for some time been a desideratum ; the announcement, therefore, that such an establishment, planned upon an extensive scale, and pledged to be conducted u|. iii tlie most liberal and respectable principles will meet, we are satisfied with the general approbation. A circular, explanatory of the arrangements, will be widely distributed during the next week ; at present, we feel it merely necessary to remark that, the proposition for opening the Tasmanian Lloyd's lias met with promises of the warmest support trom the gentlemen of town and country." The Markets.—Tlie daily expectations of arrivals from Sydney, which will in some measure regulate the price of wheat, has occasioned a temporary suspension of sales and purchases,—14s. 3d. has been given during tlie last two days, but no extensive sales have been effected at that price. In fact, we do not think that 14s. 3d. has been realised since Wednesday. Barley is scarcely to be had at any reasonable price—8s. may be quoted for first-class samples; potatoes, £10; hay, £8. The next arrivals will show the wants of our neighbours, and the probable prices during the ensuing winter.— Flour, at South Australia and Port Phillip, was, liy late arrivals, £55 per ton. This however is of no importance, because, until mills are established upon a footing suited to the wants and convenience of the settlers in these Colonies, flour will always be at a price altogether out of proporlion to the usual prices of grain. MAIUUI-.D—On Tuesday, the7Ji instant, by special license, at St John's Church, Launceston, by the Rev W. H. Browne, LL.D., Alexander Orr, Esq, of Hobart Town, to Harriet, only daughter of the late C. Byron, Esq. of Islington, Middles;*. We stop the press to announce the result of Mr. Grcnsoris Match, to go from Spring; Hill to Hobart Town (40 miles) 111 eight hours and one quarter, which camc off this day. He completed the race in capital style, with great ease, and with thirtysix minutes within the lime. 