THE COMBAT OF THE GHOSTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIST. :April 12, 1839. SIR,-"'A liberal educatifon with the example set by a shrewd and intelligent father, excluded from my mind, even in boyhood, every thing in the shape of superstition or bigotry. I was as free from,all impressions extant of ghosts, goblins, witches,. fairies, and the like, as if I had never heard:of these fictitious beings. Fortified, how- ever, as my mind was against such idle fables, a few evenings ago I received -something'like ocular demonstration,-whether in. a waking or a visionary moment I cannot say,-that dead men's bones.do not alwats -Sleep the sleep that knows no waking; but that after they are laid in the cold and narrow grave, their grumbling spirits may haunt for a while the spot where lies, their mouldering clay, and hold converse unheard, save by the seer whose vision pierces the dark veil that shrouds the nether world, and-whose ear drinks in. the mysterious murmurs of' the dead unknown to common men. After visiting a friend in the.suburds;in return- ing home .I had occasion to pass the burial ground, wien my attention was suddenly arrested by two voices of an unearthly tone. The moon had just.thrown her silvery disk above the level of the horizon, which enabled me to take a full survey of the interior of the church-yard, when I beheld, at the swampy end, a sight that almost paralised me with horror, two tenants of the tomb engaged in fierce obstreporous combat. Curiosity mingled with fear riveted me to the spot, so that I had an opportunity of hearing and beholding all that passed. The first spirit was of athletic build, and apparently lame; the other formed. a striking contrast, being puny. and diminutive, but, nevertheless, maintained the struggle with all the courage of an Achilles, From the invectives they alternately:and .in- cessantly kept up against each other, I not only obtained possession of the cause of their quarrel, but even their very names : which will, appear from the following colloquy. The name of the first spectre was Wilson and that of the dwarfish spirit :Newstead. This Mr. Editor, may be a chimera of the brain, or the fiction of a heated imagination, but that I'll leave the sages of Gotham: to determine. It appeared the two ill-fated competitors had been interred in one shell, from the:Benevolent asylum, The following.is all I could glean from the con- troversy:- ... WILSON. "i'LL tell yOu NewsTead you had no business in the coffin with me;; I died first, con- sequently it should have been my place of re- pose, not yours: you had no business to die until I was buried; besides this hen-leg does not be- long to me, and them ere teeth as you got in your lantern jaws, I can prove you are guilty of fe- lony, and ought to be pitched out of the buryiug ground." This bold assertion so nettled the little spirit as to call forth the following reply - . NEWSTEAD. " As for your saying I've got your !eg and the whole of your teeth, I flatly deny it, but as teeth are of no service to me any more I will make you a present of them." This saying, he plucked a few rusty stumps from his gumless mouth, and .threw thent with all his force at the head of his opponent. This insult renewed the ' quarrel with tenfold violence, and their fleshless arms rattled against each other like as many drumsticks. I know not how long the quarrel.might have lasted, had not a third spirit interposed, and by proposing the fol- lowing terms in a mild but decisive manner, restored something like peace between the two spectres, "You are now" said the phantom," inhabitants of the tomb, the cause:of your con- tention is to know which.shall become master of the shell you are both interred in; take my advice, as neither of you can be re-buried, let one take possession of: the interior of the coffin for twelve months, and let the other rest con- tented on the lid for the same period, when you shall both change places. The fact is, neither of you are to blame for the position in which you find yourselves; the reason of it was, the funds of:the Benevolent:Asylum could not afford you each a coffin, or the. frugal managers thought by stuffing you into one.box, you would be company to each other, and they would thereby save a few shillings to the establishment !": A white cloud enveloped the.spectral trio, they disappeared and I returned home to dream of supernatural.beings; but more especially of the nocturnal combat of these mysterious skeletons.. NECROMANCER. 