Select Poetry. TRYING TO PLEASE EVERY BODY. HINTS TO EDITORS. °ne reader says, your strain's too grave, Too much morality you have, Too much about religion : Give me some witch and wirard tales. Of slip-shod ghosts with fins and scales, And feathers like a pigeon. J love to read, another cries, Those monstrous fashionable lies— ID other words, those novels, Composed of kings, and priests, ami lords. Of border wars, and Gothic hordes, . That used to live in hovels. No, no, cries one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sicl stuff To craze the fair creation ; Give us some recent foreign news Of Russians, Turks, the Poles, or Jews, Or »nv other nation. N The man .of dull Scholastic lore Woifld Jike to see ajittle more ""_ '. Of first rate scraps of Latin ; The grocer faia would lerrn the price Of tea and sugar, fruit and rice -; Thediaper, silk andsatin. , ... Another cries, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or.pun, • A rebus or a riddle ; Some wish for parliamentary news. And some, perhaps, of wiser -views, Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic too, of classic skill', Must dip in gall his gandcr-quili. And scrawl against the paper. Of all the literary fools, Bred in our colleges and schools, He cuts the greatest caper. Another cries, I want to see, A jumbled-up variety, ' Variety in all things— A miscellaneous hodge-podge print, Composed, I only give the hint. Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, says miss, It constitutes my highest bliss, To hear of weddings plenty ; For in a time of general rain None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says one, Of people totally undone By losses, fire, and fever; Another answers, full as wise, I'd rather have the fall and rise Of racoon skins and beaver. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a favorite dish Of politics to suit them ; Hut here we rest at perfect ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese. We never should confute them. Or grave, or humorous, wild or tame, Lofty or lew, 'tis all the same. Too haug'ity or too humble ; So, brother Editors, pursue The path that seems the best to you, And let the grumblers grumble.— j f h Cheltenham Gazette. 