LAUNCESTON: Thursday Morning, October 31, 1839. If I might give a short hint to an impartial writer, it would be to tell him his fate. If he resolves to venture upon the dangerous principle of telling unbiased truth, let him proclaim war with mankind with il,t iron hanii if the lav. ffhe MUihei? {%?ml2* he regarto truth, let Umetpectmartyrian tmZtkiu^l£ %?«? vSVS. m faota' t'utV^ * *£f£ We last week cursorily noticed the receipt of our English journals to the 15th of June. In our columns to-day will be found such extracts as we deemed to be interesting to our readers.— The important Post Office arrangements, for the transmission of the Indian mails, via Egypt and the Red Sea, through France, will be found detailed under a distinct head. Peace had been fully concluded between Hoi- I land and Belgium ; but the affairs of die East ? assumed a more warlike appearanrf. Turkey I and Egypt will long ere this have entered upon a war, the result of which it is not easy to pre dict; either as regards die belligerents dicmeelvcs or die great European Powers which may be come involved in tlie struggle. At the dale of the lost advices the Turkish and Egyptian armies were within six hoars march from each other, and the piquets of either army were already in sight At Sydney, British intelligence has been re ceived doun to (he 22nd of June ; but we do not find anything of interest in the Sydney newspapers, subsequent to the date of our own journals. Ik our lost paper we briefly Announced tlie fact of our having received papers from Sydney, stating, that on the Sib instant, Sir G. Gipps bad notified to the Legislative Council, the- re- ceipt of a dispatch from Lord Nqemanbt, ad vising the immediate discontinuance of trans portation to the Australian Colonies. The Governor, iu this announcement, did not refer by name to Van Diemen's Land ; and whether ibis colony is to be included in die sudden change, tfe have no opportunity of de termining at present. Weipi only remark, for ourselves, that vre shall nol-ie at all surprised that the Colonial Minister, ftwipg under the cloud of ignorance that pcrvadW'ibB people and die ministers 'of England, regfirjnig throe Colo nies, and the great difference In our circum stances and relations, as compared tvitli New South Wales, should have legislated for both ?equally alike; and that we are to be involved in the same arrangement with our elder sister or New Holland, as regards the future disposal or the convicts. If this be the case, ire arc banpr to know that the arrangement will have been made in spite of the representations of Sir John Fjunklin, who, we understand, has not failed to represent to die Colonial Secretary of Slate, the great disparity in the circumstances of die two colonies. The following article from the Sydney Gazelle gives the best statement of the projected plan we have seen, and we therefore extract it. Captain Macokocbiu, we are informed, on authority upon which we fully rely, is appointed Superintendent of Norfolk bland, with a salary of £800 per annum, for die purpose of fully carryingoul bis ' social system !' and has left Hobart Town for Sydney in the Indus, to rank arrangements for the speedy removal of his family. The following is die article from the Sydney Gazette, referred to — 'Since the publication of our last number we have gleaned some additional information respecting the system of convict discipline pur posed to be introduced in the proieclcd penal settlement at Norfolk Island, which wetaten to communicate to our readers, although we cannot pledge ourselves as to its accuracy. ' It is said that the British Government pur pose erecting an extensive Penitentiary on the Island, following the model of the American State Prisons at Singsing and elsewhere. The \\] convicts are to be kept in solitary confinement, and each is to be taught some particular trade, ; by which be may be enabled to gain an fconest ! livelihood on his return to society. This is understood to be die general outline of the plan which it is intended to adopt, and it _«6, »?«[ die view of carrying the scheme into eaeci, tnai I estimates of die probable expense of crecung a ! Penitentiary on the necessary scale of magni tude, have been requested to be tranBinittej bomo forthwith. Wehavefurtberbeen informed that it is intended to Bend out a powerful sleatnw to be employed in conveying prisoners oeweei Sydney and Norfolk Island. Tlie «{*'«' carrying those arrangements into effect has been estimated at £200,000. ' The adoption of diis system will in a great measure remove our objections to the «Uofflne convicts, on receiving Uicir tickets-of- leave, »- on the uxpiry of their sentences, to be lanaw in this Colony. Some liopes may be entertainea of die reformation of convicts under diepro jeetod system, *t nil events there is good reason to expect that the punishment will be «ufficienuy effectual to deter those who bave once tasted 1^ benefits from being anxious to undergo* rep tltion of the dose? We confess, however, ?« M I wonld prefer a labouring population, untainted I with crime, to being dependent upon the puri I lying process of ,tbe Norfolk Island crucible. ? 'A contemporary of yesterday, evidently ? yery tittle conversant with die subject of which lie treats, is greatly alarmed lest the colonial revenue should be burdened with the support of tie projected penal settlement, either wholly or partially. These fears nave been engendered by the statement of His Excellency iu Council, that onr Executive Government is to be entrusted , with tbe control of the projected establishment. ( Our contemporary may set his fears at rest upon this score. Norfolk Island is, and will continue to be a dependency of this Government; but neither is there at present, nor will there in 1 future be, any portion of the expenditure in curred on account of the penal settlement on the Island .defrayed from the Colonial or Crown Land Revenue. ' Until die projected arrangements are com pleted, all convicts who_ may arrive are to be employed on the public works in Sydney. From die nature of the projected arrangements, as well as from die necessity of previous com munication with Britain before the works can be commenced upon, it is evident that a very considerable period must elapse before transpor tation to die Colony will in effect cease. Assign ment to .private service, excepting from the supply of convict labour in die colon v, ceases forthwith.'— Gazette, Oct. 12. The British and Foreign School Society 'k sys tem, under certain slight modifications, being the system recognised by Sir John Frank lin's Government as our ' national' system, sd to speak, any reference thereto must be in teresting to our readers. For our part, we feel grateful to our Lieutenant- Governor for having determined on giving that excellent system a trial in tbe colony. We are quite confident of a successful issue, if it be carefully and zealously worked out. Il is a system founded on the Bible — the Bible ahne; and for this reason has been warmly opposed by the Church of Rome on the one hand, and the Protestant liigh church party and zealous Tory sectarian on the other. Bodi these arc opposed to die Bible as a school-book, witliouttlieaddition of creeds and ca techisms, and they are therefore united in a firm though unnatural alliance againsttheBiblesystcm. They cannot prevail. Bishop Broug htok at Syd ney, and Archdeacon Hutch ins in Van Die men's Land, with die whole host of the Romish Church and the high-church Tory section of the Wesleyau Methodists to boot (for these latter at Sydney, have taken an active part against die system), must all be discomfited in their unholy warfare against a system, die noble prin ciple of which, is die recognition of Holy Scrip tures, in the audiorized version, without note or comment, as the only and the all-sufficient au thority. — the only and all sufficient standard of appeal,' in matters of faith and salvation. We are led to these remarks more imme diately by a perusal of the following resolutions, passed at a general meeting of die ' Australian Sciiool-^Sodelj^' -fonirtcd -on the principle of the British and Foreign system, held at Sydney, on die 2nd instant, Captain J. L. Ikkes, J.P., in die chair. The meeting appears to have been convened for the purpose of receiving a special report of the Committee, drawn up in vindica tion of their society against the violent attacks I of its opponents. ' After the report bad been read, the resolutions were carried unanimously in die following order : ] . That the report now read be received and adopted ; and that, in conformity with iu recommendation, this Meeting pledges itlelf to zealous exertion in procuring the requisite funds for the erection of suitable premises for the central school establishment, on the land kindly promised by his Excellency the I'atron ; and earnestly appeals to the Christian public for an extension of pecu niary support to an institution which, whilst it precludes sectarian narrowness, instructs its scholars in 'the whole counsel of God ;' and at the same time furnishes them with an ample share of the knowledge which is ' profitable' for ' the life that now is.' 2\. That tbe ordeal to which the principle of this So ciety has been recently exposed, has, in the opinion of this Meeting, served only to exhibit that principle in a purer light, and in a more venerable, pure, majestic and apostolical form, being none other than the fundamental principle of Protestant Christianity ;— namely, thai in matters of faith and salvation, the Holy Scriptures, in the authorized version, without note or comment, ere at once the on'y and the aU-tuffident authority— the onbj and the oB- njfjtctaif standard of appeal. ' 3. That in tbe opinion of this meeting, tbe many severe things which bare of late been laid to the charge of the British and Foreign principle of religious educa tion consists of two classes— those which relate to the principle itself, and those which relate to the abuse and perversion of it The principle being that of implicit submission to tbe Biblt, (he whole Bible, and nothiny but the Bible, it follows, in the opinion of thus meeting, that to object to (he principle il, in effect, to charge the Holy I Spirit, with having given a revelation so defective, that without the supplementary writings of uninspired pen men, in the forms of creeds and catechisms, it is not ' able to make men wise unto salvation.' By the other class of objections, the principle is left untouched, for, , In thii world of error and of sin, abuse and perversion are, and ever have been the accidents to which all insli i unions, divine as well as human, are inevitably liable. But this meeting being, nevertheless, deeply impressed , with the importance of employing every practicable means for fortifying this holy principieagainst abuse and perversion of what kind soever, will sow proceed to con sider what additions can be advantageously made to the rules and regulations of this society.* - 4\. That there being In the opinion of this meeting nothing in the principle of this society inimical to devout Prayer to Almighty God,-sinee so bumble, habitual, ? and unreserved submission to the teaching of the Holy Ghost, through tbe medium of the inspired records, is ' tbe surest means of imbibing, maintaining, and cherish ing the pure spirit of devotion; this meeting has much I satisfaction in learning, by the special report of the com ?''«. «il« day read, that the committee have taken preliminary measures for introducing into the society's schools a form of prayer, to which no devout Christian can consistently object! and this meeting therefore now i adopts «hefoUow}ngasBnaddltlonal«rfcleortherules i a'a regulations of the society!— namely— 1 That every school .fa acknowledged connexion with this society shall be dally opened and dosed, by the , master or mistress reading, in a devout and reverent n * ThI- resolution appears to us a most triumphant an swer to professed Christians who oppose the principles or «? Vteni. The use of the icriptures alone in public J j , — 'e 'iJolce most heartily that men are to be ; ''''infteMeolonlesttiisto stand forward. In a bold a J?0 »» «f rtyaUed iroth.-and to avow the Bible, the U rf5!i^P& ^'d «-'hl»g but *he Bible, as the standard °i their faith and practice. _ manner, a form of prayer composed exclusively in the language of scripture, f 5\. That having heard with deep regret of a tev in stances, in which abuses arc said to have existed in a school in the mother country, but in violation of the principle of the British and Foreign School Society those abuses consisting of the want of firm and uncom promising adherence, on the part of the teachers, to the authorized text of holy scripture, and amountin' to a flagrant dereliction of the society's fundamental princi ples ; this meeting now adopts the following as an addi tional article of the rules and regulations ofthis society namely — ' ' That any master or mistress, or other ieachi-r of any school in acknowledged connexion with this society who shall at any time be convicted of pasting over, in the course of the religious exercises of the school, any portion of the authorised text of God's holy word, whether sentences or single words, on the ground of its containing doctrinal niceties or peculiarities ; or of passing over any portion of the society's scripture lessons, on any grounds whatsoever, shall be imme diately dismissed. —And any school in acknow. lodged connexion with this society, but under the management of a local committed in which such breach of faith shall not be punished by the imme diate dismissal of tbe offender, shall be forthwith cut off from ell connexion with this society.' 6\. That this meeting, alive to the great importance of the society's schools being conducted by teachers of tried moral and religious character, now adopts the fol lowing as an additional article of the rules and regula tions of this society :— namely ? ' That no master or mistress shall hereafter be cm. ployed in any school in acknowledged connexion with Ibis society, unless be or she be in com munion with some Christian church, holding the holy scriptures in the authorized version, without note or comment, as its standard or religious faith ; nor unless the applicant produce a certificate from the minister or other competent authority, of the church with which ho or she is in communion, that he or she is of unblamcablc repute in point of moral __ and religious character.'} 7\. That this meeting rejoices to learn that the com mittee arc about to publish a pamphlet explanatory of the principle, operations, and usefulness of the British and foreign system of education j and trusts that, on fitting occasions, the committee will never be found wonting in ical, tempered by Christian meekness, for the vindication of I he society's character, the assertion of its rights, and the advancement of its holy cause. & That a copy uf these resolutions he presented by a deputation of the committee to his Excellency Ihe Patron, accompanied by a most respectful assurance of the grateful sense entertained by this meeting of his Ex cellency's ; noble exertions, in the face nfan opposition as fierce as it was unprovoked, to spread throughout this iRnd the blessings of sound scripture education. And that they be also published three times in each of the Sydney newspapers. Insolvent Court, Lai-wheton, Oct. 30.— Mr. Jas. Winter and Mr. Nicholson, appeared on their applica tion for discharge. After several creditors of the latter had proved debts, the consideration of the applications for discharge was entered upon. The application of Mr. Winter was opposed by Mr. Glcadow, on behalf of Mr. A. W. Home, us attorney for Mr. Thomas lleibey, on the ground that insolvent had contracted debts without probable means of liquidat ing them. The insolvent alleged, in defence, that at the time of contracting- the debts referred to, be was not aware of die actual state of his affairs ; but he admitted that since the first meeting of his creditors, he had mode himself aware that at the time referred to he was not in possession of probable means ; and he expressed his regret that he had not earlier discovered his position, for in such case he certainly should not have contracted tbe debts re ferred to. The Commissioner said thalhc was called upon, under all the circumstances of tbe case, to the performance of a most painful duty, in the |»stponing of the order of discharge for 14 days, during which period he would be committed to prison. In passing sentence, the Commis sioner expressed himself favorably towards the insnl- ] vent, whom he suited he had known for a considerable period. He acquitted him of all intentional fraud or other dishonesty; but he considered that in contracting the debts upon which the opposition to. his discharge was founded, heliadlenliim no alternative but to commit him to prison for the time specified. The insolvent stood ab solved from any imputation on his character for honesty and integrity; but he had rendered himself amenable to the law, by not keeping such accounts, as would have ena bled him to ascertain the state of his affairs, whereby his opposing creditor would now sustain a heavy loss. No doubt the insolvent believed, at the time of contract ing the debt, that he had probable means; but it was no defence for an insolvent to state that he was not aware he should be unable to meet his debts, at the time of contracting them : he should be satisfied he had the means to liquidate obligations when due, before so conlraclingthcm. The act was imperative. Itbeingshcwn that a man had contracted a debt, not really having those means, he must be deemed guilty of a breach of the law, and the lowest penalty was the period of imprisonment to which tbe insolvent was now sentenced. Mr. Nicholson was opposed by Mr. Douglas on behalf of Mr. Dell, of Norfolk Plains, on similar grounds; and the Commissioner committed this insolvent also fur 14 days ; acconipauyi ng the sentence by remarks precisely similar to those on the preceding case The Court was then adjourned. First CoLovr or New Zralakd —Under this desig nation, a Society has been formed in London, in connec tion will) the New Zealand 1-atid Company, consisting it is said exclusively of heads of families and others in tending to settle permanently in New Zealand, on lands purchased from the company. The principal object of this Society is said to bo 'co- operation in the numerous measures of preparation re quisite for establishing a prosperous settlement.' The purchase of 100 acres of land, qualifies for membership in the Society ; 500 acres, qualifies for ofikc as a mem ber of Committee ; (including in both cases part of the first town ). This Colony of British families wore expected to cave England in August last; intending to reach their destination iu this hemisphere about midsummer; by which time it is expected the site of the first town will have been determined, and prepared for their reception by the preliminary expedition which left England, under Colonel WakcDcld, on the 9th of May. The Provincial papers, throughout England, contain the followingannounccment, from the Directors of the great New Zealand Land Company ? ' The Directors of the New Zealand Land Company, hereby give notice, that they are ready to receive applications from persons desirous of being appointed Agents in the Provincial Towns throughoutthe Kingdom, fortlic sale upou Com mission of the Company's Lands in New Zealand.' Toe Whale Fishery.— The following, we believe' will be found to be a correct accouht of the total catch of the season, of whaling parties engaged in the black whale fishing, out of this port— Henty & Connolly, Portland Hay and the Schoutcn's, 400 turn oil, and 15 tons bone. Griffiths and Connolly, Port Fairy, 183 tuns oil, and 7 tons of bone. Messrs. Henty's barque Mono, 160 tuns oil, and 7 tons bone. Griffiths and Connolly, barque Africaine, 270 tons oil, and 16 tons bone. Whaling ? As the season may now be considered at its close, wo give the subjoined account of the relative success of this season and the last : —There were, thit year, 21 parties, the probable catch being 3000 tons, and five per cent, bone ; fast year, there were only 16 parties, and the catch 2900 tons, with five per cent bone — Colonial Tima. f This must prove a poser to Ihe right reverend Bishop Bbououtok. ' A form of prayer composed exclusively In the language of scripture!' liovr will Dr. Bbouoh TON-the professedly cvangeUcal Bishop of Australia, get over this? Will he dare to object to Jt, and prefer a prayer of nun's composing-setting up a form of erring man's devising, in opposition to a form ' ampoied exclusively of the language of scripture V ) What more can be desired?— En, L. A. The Weslevan Cintenarv,— The ccutciuuy of Wcsleyan-Mcthodismwas duly observed in the Laun ceston circuit, by the members of the Society, on the day previously fixed for its general commemoration Friday, the 25th instant, The proceedings were commenced by a public prayer meeting, in Paterson-strect chapel, at five o'clock in the morning, which was well attended by me members. At eleven tbe Rev. W. Simpson, at present the resident missionary here, preached a sermon on the last clause of the 23d verse of the 23d chapter of Numbers— 'What hath God wrought?' The congregation was numerous and highly respectable, and the collection in aid of the Centenary fund, made at the close of the service, amounted to £20. In the evening, at 0 o'clock, a pub lic meeting was held in the same chapel, and several members of tbe Society addressed an attentive auditory. The collection after this meeting amounted to upwards of ±'16. A very interesting meeting was also held at the meet ing- house at Perth ; being central to several Societies in the neighbourhood. There, also, Several persons de livered addresses, amongst whom were the Rev. J. War ren and G. P. Ball, Esq. The collection amounted nearly to £14. We understand the total of the Ccntcnarv fund, col lected in this circuit, amounts to nearly .tlOOO. One hundred pounds ofthis amount will be sent to England, to swell the General Centenary Fund ; a portion will be appropriated to tbe erection of a house for the mis sionary in this town ; and with the surplus, if any, the small debt remaining upon the chapel will be paid off The Wcsloyan Methodists at Launccston will not be behindhand, we should conceive, cither in amount of their fund, or in the usefulness of its appropriation, with any other circuit of its extent in the world. Ov l'riday afternoon the highly respectable Society of the Wcslcyans commemorated their Centenarv Meeting in the New Chape], in Melville-street. On that occasion, above 250 persons took tea, and nearly 400 wore present in the course of the evening. The chapel which was very tastefully decorated with festoons of flowers, &c;, was christened ' The Wosleyan Centenary Chapel,' and the greatest harmony and goodwill prevailed amongst all present The collections made in commemoration of this festival will amount, at home and abroad, to about i'309,000; towards which Sydney has contributed A' 1500; Adelaide, £500; Port Phillip, £250; l.aunceston, ±'1000; oud Hobart Town, only £600. It roust be' matter of just surprise to many, why the subscription in the capital is so low ? Colonial Times, Wlh Oct. The subject of transportation was to be brought before the House of Commons by Sir W. Molesn-orth, on the 2nd of July. Much consternation has been caused in the camp of our Government, by the Chief Justice and Attorncy-Gcneral of New South Wales having given it as their opinion, that nny act directly prohibiting distil lation would he illegal. There is great fenr, therefore, of the Prohibition Act passed in this colony being dis allowed at home. The only reason that will induce the Secretary or State to approve it, will be the understanding of a compact entered into ivith the parties whose interests were compromised. Was an Issue Bill any part of the agreement? Our sapient legislators arc cheefc-ma cd. We may also add, that the laying such an Act upou the table, without the previous sanction of the Secretary of State, is in direct opposition to the King's instructions to the Lieutenant-Governor ofthis Island ? ff. Town Courier, Oct. 25. LoNGFORn Episcopalian Church. — We understand that Mr. C. Ruin, of Longford, has given 300 guineas for the purchase of a painted window for the east end of this edifice, and 200 guineas fur the further beautifying of the building. Popish Missions. —The following paragraph we ex tract from a recent English paper: — ' Five Hainan Cadiolic missionaries left Lyons a few days ago for Paris, on their way to London, where thev arc to cmbnrk for Sydney, in New South Wales, They' will afterwards join M. Potnpallicr, bishop of Maronea, and apostolic vicar of New Zealand, at Hokianga, where he has formed a prosperous religious establishment.' — Galignani, Jane 4. We arc requested by the Rev. IL R. Davieg, to ac knowledge the receipt of Nineteen Pounds and nine pence, from John Athkson, Esq., on behalf of the Longford Benevolent Society, being one-third of the «urp)ut of the fund fur thr pisljiori U- the'Quqen, voted to the Longford and'Lauiiccston Benevolent Societies, and the Strangers' Friend Society, 'at a general meeting of subscribers. ' Last week three natives (two men and a boy) were seen by Mr. Billon's overseer on his farm, at the River Dee, and on being pursued, immediately fled, leaving an opossum killed, which they were in the act of roast ing; they have been several times seen by other persons.' -H. Town Courer, Oct. 25. [We have been perfectly satisfied for a long period, from information in our possession, that several aborigi nals nre yet at large in the uninhabited districts to the westward and north-west; and we are not therefore surprised, at reading this statement of the appearance of this wandering remnant of their race at the River Dee. We should hope they will be permitted to have a peaceful range of the country they appear to frequent. Their numbers are insignificant, consequently they can not be supposed to endanger the peace of the colonists in the settled districts. — Ed. L. A.] The under-mentioned number has been handed to us for publication by the Harbour- Vaster, tu be hence forth used at the signal 6tation, on the arrival or departure of vessels consigned to Mr. R. L. Orr,— ' Colonial Code, No. 192 —Distinguishing flag, blue, white, aud red, with white pendant, red ball in centre.' 