Select, D'tieti'g* TRYING TO PLEA&E; EVERY BODY. . HINTS TO EDITORS. One, reader' cries, your strain's too grave, Too'mu'eh morality you have,;' ' ::;Tdo much about religion : Give trie some witch arid wizard tales. OI7 slip-shod ghosts with fins' and scales, And feather like a pigeon. I love tarrea-d7~anotber ?«e.*i Those 'monsCroui'/ashiohabre lies— :: ^Un' other wordsthose novels, ?? -' - Composed of kings, and priests, and lords, Of border wars, and Gothic hordes That used to live in hovels. No, no, cries one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff To craze the fair creation ; Give us some recent foreign news Of Russians, Turks, .the Poles, or Jews, . Or any other nation. The man of dnll Scholastic lore Would like to see a' little more Of first-rate scraps of Latin ; ' ? The grocer fain would learn the price Of tea and sugar, fruit, andrice; The draper, silk and satin. Another cries, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, . A rebus or a' riddle; Some wish for parliamentary new«i And some,* perhaps, of wiser views, ' ' Would rather hear a fiddle. - The critic too, of classic skill, ' Mast .dip in gall his gander-quill, And scrawl against the paper; Of all the literary fools,' ; Bred in our colleges'.aiid schools, He cuts thfi greatest caper. Another cries, I. want to see A jumbled-up variety, Variety in all things—. A miscellaneous -hodge-podge print, Compoied, I only give the hint, Of multifarious small things; I want same marriage news, says miss, It constitutes my highest bliss' ' To hear of weddings' plenty ; . For.iri. a time'of general ratir ' None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says one, Of people totally undone By losses, fire, or fever; Another answers, .full as wise, I'd rather huve the Tall and rise Of. rancoon skins and beaver. Some signify a secret wish - ? For now and then. a favorite dish Of politics to suit them ; : But here we rest at perfect ease, . For should they swear the moon was cheese, ' We never should confute them. - Or grave, or humourous, wild or tame, I-ofty or low, 'tis all the same, Too^aughty or too humble ; ' So, brother' Editors, pursue, The path that seems the' best to you, And let the grumblers grumble.— . . .- ?- Cheltenham Gazette, 