Original Poetry. The Descent of Orpheus into Hell. BY HENRY HALLORAN. I. ALONE he wander'd by the echoing shore, Seeking his loved Eurydice in vain; On earth he never may behold her more, From Pluto's realm she may not rise again; The woods were moved by his melodious pain, Each tree bow'd down to him its fragrant head; The river paused to listen to his strain, The rocks relented underneath his tread, And savage beasts grew tame, and followed where he led. II. "Eurydice! beloved one, where art thou? My heart beholds thy shadow, but mine eyes Are dim with tears, which never flow'd as.now.; Eurydice! beloved, arise, arise; Pity, oh! pity my fond agonies, And let me gaze upon thee or I die; Alas! how mournfully my spirit sighs, Re-echoing thy name without reply, Eurydice! my fainting heart perceives thy shadow nigh. III. "Ah! is it so? doth Pluto's empire hold My loved Eurydice? Ye cruel Three Why prematurely cut the thread of gold? . If heaven was envious of Eurydice Ye might have spared my love, and pitied me. Is there no power in song? well--be it so; If I from Pluto cannot set her free I will abide her fate, and Hell shall know Strains which shall fill with peace those solitudes of woe." IV. With lyre upon his arm be pass'd along Bewailing lost Eurydice, and came To where the cavern echoed back his song, Mixed with the anguish'd shrieks of pain and shame; But soon those horrors ceased; he overcame The sounds of grief, the wailings of old age; Famine forbore her shrieks, and Hate grew tame; War hid her bloody front, and ceased to rage, And Death the shadow fled, his terror to assuage. V. He pass'd along amidst a troop of ghosts Who follow'd him, while from his lyre he sent Strains, which o'ercame the melancholy hosts, And fill'd them with an unknown ravishment; By Acheron's black pool he swiftly went, Nor ceased to cry, "Eurydice, my wife:" Cocytus foul, and Phlegethon distent With howling wind, and sweeping fire at strife he pass'd, for he possess'd a love-protected life. VI. He pass'd the sluggish stream, his wild song ring- ing Along its desolate waters, overgrown With hideous weeds, in noisome darkness spring- ing ; Breathing full many a sigh and many a groan; At length he reach'd the dark and sulphurous throne Of Hell's eternal monarch, undismay'd By the fierce hound,--and with his song alone Subdued his triple tongue--and down he laid Before that gloomy throne, subdued, and half afraid! VII. The Furies listen'd with a mute surprise, And gazed upon him, and fair Proserpine Turn'd on the mournful man her pitying eyes, Such was the magic of his song divine; But Pluto gazed unmoved, nor would resign A single captive from his dark controul,-- Again the poet with melodious line, Strove to subdue his adamantine soul, While down his pallid cheeks, the tears in silence stole. VIII. "The stars are in the azure heavens set, The flowers are springing from each dewy bed, Life hath its thrilling joys on earth, and yet My loved Eurydice for ever fled, Mingles amidst the shadows of the dead; Music now fills the charmed air in vain,-- Where shall I see again that graceful head? The fading flowers revive in summer's rain, Can my warm tears revive my drooping flower again? IX. "And yet the earth has not a flower so sweet, Nor has the heaven a star so mildly bright, Yet thousand flowers on earth's fond bosom meet, And stars in myriads fill the vault of night,-- While I had but one flower, one orb of light; That flower is torn from my distracted breast, That star is ravish'd from my anguish'd sight,-- Yet of that loved, though lonely one, possess'd, I should have been than Jove, far more supremrely blest! X. "Eurydice! my star! my lovely flower! Jove in his envy, saw our happiness, And thought the rapture of a single hour, Was more than living mortal should possess; Eurydice, thou had'st the power to bless, And Jove beheld me with malignant eye; Could not the tyrant for a while repress His evil will? Oh! Jove, I do defy Thy ill-directed power--I do not fear to die. XI. "Thou art a god, and I a child of earth, Yet gifted by a god with song divine;-- I did not envy thee thy heavenly birth And everlasting joys, why envy mine? Is not the fair-arm'd queen of heaven thine, Is not thy will in heaven omnipotent; On thee the loving eyes of Venus shine; Mine eyes upon my mortal love were bent,-- Give me my loved one back, and I shall be content. XII. "Lonely I wander'd by the sounding waters, Seeking my loved Eurydice by day; Lonely I gazed on earth's most lovely daughters, And with a lonely heart I turn'd away; What unto me, with anguish-mad, were they? Eurydice, I sought but could not find In shadowy glen, or by the tranquil bay, Where we so oft had wander'd almost blind With joy, which fled too soon, and left deep pain behind." XIII. "Who severs human hearts does murdrous deed: Tear from its sister shoot some springborn flower, And you will see the stem in silence bleed; And its twin partner wither in an hour, Nor can the sun revive it--or the shower, Although it weeps its fall with many a tear; It cannot bear its lot. Have I the power To bear my cruel doom, and fate severe: Eurydice! beloved! thou wert to me too dear. XIV. "Pluto thou couldst not bear thy lonely lot,-- Hell had no shadow of thy heart for thee, Thy dreary empire could console thee not; I have no empire, king, to comfort me;-- I only had my loved Eurydice; Earth yielded thee her daughter for thy bride, Will not thy pity set my loved one free; Pluto, give back the loved one to my side, Nor steep thy soul in hate, and unrelenting pride. XV. "Lonely I wander'd through the silent night, Telling my anguish to the mournful wood, Till furious monsters soften'd at the sight, Forgot their nature and their savage mood, By the sweet power of sorrow's song, subdu'ed; Pluto, thou could'st not bear thy lonely state, And canst thou mock my loveless solitude? Oh! yield my loved Eurydice, though late, And I will cease, oh king, my sorrows to relate. XVI. "What was thy loneliness compared with mine? Thou hadst not tasted of love's purple stream-- Thou had'st not gazed on lovely Proserpine-- Or sat entranced, in one delightful dream, From morn to eve, from eve to morning's beam, Yet thou couldst not endure thy loneliness; Then pity mine, nor me ungrateful deem, Because my anguish I can ill repress.-- Pity thou sullen king--oh! pity my distress: XVII. "Eurydice! my loved one, where art thou? The earth is desolate, deprived of thee, Joy smiles no longer on my anguish'd brow, The very heaven seems sad, Eurydice! The flowers have lost their brightness, and each tree Bows down its head in melancholy guise,-- The birds forget their joyous melody, Sadden'd by my sad song, and bitter sighs, Beloved,--in vain beloved, --Eurydice arise." XVIII. Ixion's wheel a moment ceased to turn,-- The bounding rock of Sysiphus stood still, The lip of Tantalus forgot to burn, The murderous sisters ceased their sieve to fill, Forgetful of their pain, and deeds of ill;-- E'en Pluto seem'd subdued,--and yet again Reposed on his inexorable will;-- Once more the lover breathed his anguish'd strain, And ghosts stood weeping round forgetting their own pain. "Oh! my Eurydice, I part not hence, Where'er thou art thy Orpheus must abide; Has Hell no pity on thy innocence,-- Thy youthful loveliness, and maiden pride,-- Oh! my loved friend, and more than lovely bride, What is thy sin, or mine, that we should be Sever'd so soon from one another's side,-- Wilt thou, O Death! from thraldom set me free, So that I may rejoin my loved Eurydice?" XX. The gloomy monarch wept,--relenting wept-- "Mourner, thy lovelorn song hath won its quest, The gods have touched thy lips, and thou hast kept The boon they gave to move e'en Pluto's breast,-- Take her, whom thou hast won, and be thou bless'd,-- But gaze not back, or I recal the dead." He wander'd on with love and joy oppress'd, But ere he reach'd the light he turn'd his head, And his beloved, twice lost, with anguish shrieking fled. WoMAN's LovE.-It has been much+ the fashion of late to write and talk about women's minds, and to make comparative estimates-of the power of feminine and masculine intellect. Why waste time and talent in such an argument? Should we not move in'our separate spheres, like the rulers of distinct and distant provinces, seldom wishing, and scarcely ever tempted, to disturb each other's sovereignty ? Let man take his claimed supremacy with all its honours,- let him have for his heritage sovereignty in science, in philosophy, in learning, in arts, and in arms; let him wear unenvied the ermine, the lawn, and the helmet, and wield unrivalled the sword, the pen, and the pencil; let him be supreme in the cabinet, the camp, and even in the study, and to woman will still remain a goodly heritage, of which neither force nor. rivalry can deprive her. The heart is her domain, to acquire over the unruly wills of men an influence which no man, however gifted, can acquire; to manifest a faith which never fails, a patience that' never wears out,'a devotedness which can sacrifice, and a courage ywhich can suffer; to perform the same unvarying round of. vexations without a murmudr; to requite neglect with kindness, and injustice with fidelity; to be true when all are false, and firm when all is hopeless; to watch over the few dear objects of regard with an eye that never sleeps, and a care that cannot change; to' think, to act, to suffer, to sacrifice, to live, to die for them, .their happi ness and, safety,-these, these. are voman's true triumphs-: they may be all summed up 'in two~;imple expressive words-- Woman's love. E uT?Z .'".. : :+" : :` ? . . ; " 