TNew South Wales. (Vre call the attention of our readers to ' the gross ignorance displayed by that most respectable Paper the Spectator, of the general morals of New South Wales.--ED. SYD. MON.) Crime and immorality of every species and degree flourish in the Penal Colonies of England. It is not merely that a certain portion of wickedness is transferred from one part of the Britishldominions toanother by the Transportation system: that system gives a direct stimulus to the growth of vice and the perpetration of crime, which could scarcely be applied to the same ex tent in any other way. Transportation, as at present managed, might be a cunningly devised plan for the multiplication of vil liany, and the conversion of a beautiftll and fertile country, into Sodom and Gomirrah. But though such are the rest-Its in the Colonies, is not the Mother Country benefited ? does not tannsportation act as a preventive of crime in England ?--It has been a!rendy stated, on the authority of Sir \Villiam Mnlesworth's Committee, that banishment is in some measure terrible to rural offenders, but that the more ac eomplished rogues in London and the large towns, fear it not. The severity of the punishment is underrated. The criminals send home false accounts of their (condition. Exile is little dreaded, except by persons who have stronguffection for their native land, their kindred, and acquaintances. To the balk of the criminal population, the life of honest industry which they must lend if they abstain front thieving, is more disagreeable than they imagine their condition will be in New South lVales; where they are, at all events secure of food and raintent, nad expect to meet ninmany of their old comrades. But hear the emphthtic statement of the Report : " Itis proved by tile ,mnt it refrae.tile testimony, tihat both tthose who are ro-.perous tal nt those w?it, are miserable, the drawers of prizes and the drawers of blanks in this strange lottet v. intlueneed pet hlatl by the desire' common to hInrln nature or taving cottpantions and partakers, wheth,er of it-eryv ,r of happiness. concur in templtintl theit fi tenrds in this countrl by the most alluring de- criptions, to comle Mut and join them ; thereby tending to dimtinish the Slittle apprehension. if any, which is entertained by Sthe lower orders. for the punishment of trannsport ation. lotllh reason and expeoitece, therefore, prove, that te ittlnost aptirelhensiton:whicht the gen erality of tlflinters feel for transportation, is little I more thant:.at they wouldrexpetience firant simple exile t which, next to tralsportation, is perhaps the most uttneqlgl of punishments.' " A little wicked tailor," said Sydney Smith in the Edinburgh Review. writes from Botany Bay to his friends in England, I that he i "' as comfortable as a finger in lt thimble: and though only a fraction of humanity, is filled with rumn and kan~nroo." The information would have its effect on the tailor's former comrades, who woult lbe eager to partiripate in the comfort anti kangaroo. Such accounts, though often false, the Committee state. are frequently transmitted by convicts ; and they account for the fact, that many have committed orimes with the desire and intention of being transported. Like the crowd of ghosts on the banks of Acheron. " Stabant otantes primni transmittere cnrsnm, Told..thaontrne lnnan rillps lttrloris amuse." Poetry and exaggeration apart, it is certain that transportation is not generally dreaded by those who render themselves liable to Iit, and it is therefore safe to conclude, that to tsake it the puni-hment for the great majority of serious toffences, is to hohl out a premium for the commission of thetm. "iThe system, then, does not lessen crime at hotre, while in the colony its effects are ,indescribable in the full extent of their atrocity. The expense of the transportation system is very great. There are no data for ascer t taining accurately what it has cost this I country. From 1787 to 1837, the outlay has been more titan eight millontis, certainly. f The nccount rendered of the expenditure for New Sonth Wales and Van Diemen's Land in 1836-7, was 488 0131.; the total tinumber of convicts in the two colonies being then 60,000. The cost is annually increasing. In the sum of 488,0131., the expenses at Bermuda, where at small penal I establishment is kept up, and of the Hulks I at home, 'nre not included The Committee pay, that ' were it not for the convict es tablishment, New South Wales anti Van Dicnmen's Land ought to pay the greater Spart at least of their own expenses ; and Iwere they to do so, the tnnual charge of I maintaining well managed penitentiaries, I even upon a most expensive scale, including in that charge the interest of the money lspent in their first establishment, could Shardly equal the present expentliture." F The Conmmittee wind up their remarks on the efifecr of the Transportatiotl system, as ri garils the pireventinn of crine, and the punishment of offenders, with the following summary of the facts proved in evidence " Tli'y consider that they have sulmtitted thle Inoast un qultiesionnile" poofs," lthat the twi, ttlain chtratcr.isties of transportation, a a putt-ihmtelltt, are inefflcicincy in deterring fronm crime, and Iaenlll k able e fllcici cy, not in 'etitrlllilng, bat itt still llltthirtt eo rnlitinog those who onlergo the punitshlternt; th'at tlhese qltltitlve for god and ellclncy fitlr evil, are iliterent In the systemn, which thereltuire is Il t sa ceptitle of any satifactrllry itnprovelmenti allnd lastly, that ttere ielrngs to tile systelll, extrins?cally troi, its strantge clllracter Ias a tttnis.lllnttit, thIe yet i llnre curitlst anlid nonstrons eril of calllllg into cx istence, and continually extendtling, socicties, ol the grli.ms of nittinlts, tnst thol:nurghly dellrtrvetl ts re Iprets both thle clharacter and degreof their vicious propensities. VWere the inqutiry to stop here, there would be no difficulty in coming to the conclusion, that the system should be abolished; hutothier qltestions arise, the considteration of which the Coummittee do out shirk. It is known, that the Penal Colonies hiave experienced, for many years, alnost unpre lcedented economical prosperity. 'ihe growth in wealth hlis been owing to the regular and increasing supply of convict labourers STile convlcts were assRigned to srttilers as slaves i they were forced tto work in caltlbinlttion. itid raiell ltore produce thtian they coulld .,lllnsumet for this surplus producle GOlvertnlent provided a Ital ket, by mailttainin nl ilitarv and cntiviet estihablisthrlnts, wbhicl, hIVer cost this country aboae 7,00t),(0O01. ort the llltllic nuonry. Tles the Goltvrnlmlelnt fistt suiplittied tile seitlerts wiitc hltlutr, and then boutghlt tile proiduce of tlhalt lllulr, the liltlde thnlls crriet' on, was alrery profitable otte tor thesettleils, us lutlg as the demand of the Government exceeded the supply; and this excess of demand over supply has continued up to a late period." But of late years there has been a great want of workmen. Capital has been rapidly augmented; land is to be had at low prices to an unlimited extent; but labour is a scarce commodity. The peculiar cir cumstances of the colony have tended to increase this evil. As in the Southern States of North America, no white man will engage for hire to perform the work generally given to slaves, so in New South Wales, where a species of slavery exists, free men will not labour like convicts. In consequence of the disproportion of the sexes, (the number of convict men to women is 17 to 1,) the actual population does not equal the number of persons who have arrived in the colony. At this time, 10,000 lahourers are required in New South Wales ; but not more than 3.000 will be sent during the current year. For want of labourers, especially of shep herds, the loss of property is annually very large. It appears then, that under exist ing circumstances, with a considerable supply of convicts, who can be compelled to work in combination, the deficiency of hired labour is nevertheless severely felt. W\hat would become of the colony were that supply to b. at once cut off.? Would it not perish ? The Committee see only one remedy-the encouragement of free emigration, on the system successfully practised in the new Colony of South Australia. The reader is aware, that at present the proceeds of lands sold in New South Wales aord Van Diemen's Land may be devoted to the payment of the pusscge umoney and other expenses of emigrants, according to L rd Howick's regulations in 1631, which are justly lauded by the Committee. The price of land per acre is is now i5s ; but the Committee reconmmend that, with the view of preventing tn in jurious dispersion of the popolation, it should be raised to at len-t £ t. the present South Australian rtnre. and afterwardstl con siderably higher. * To a certain extent it is probable that the recommendation of the Committee might be successfully followed, notwithstanding the facilities for enligrn tion to other and purer parts of Australia ; and which encouruagenot, are long, it is to be hoped, will be offered also to persons wishing to colonize New Zealand; but we should have sore misgivings about sending the sober, honest. and cheste portion of the labouring population of this country, (and such only are des rable as free itmmigrants,) into tihe pestilential atmosphere of the Penal Colonies, where every moral and religious principle is all but certain to be subverted by contact and association with transported offenders. The iimportation of 11ll Coolies is decidedly conleomned by the Commtittee. But withont encouragement to emi gration, or a continuation of the supply of convict labour, the colony cannot subsist. WNhty, then, it omust sink. It is impossible for any well- regulated nmind for an instant to regard the economical prosperity of such a population as now exists in New South WVales and Van Dietcen's Land, as a set off against the moral depravity on which that prosperity is based. "' Besides, if there is one point in futurity on which, judging from exp: riencte, we may rely, it is that the present system must end in sonime awful calamity. The elements of prolonred success are not to be found in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Lanr. '1 he longer the present state of things is kept up by the power of Etngilnd, the more horrible will be the even'utl c.rash and consumnmation. A general cor ruption of morals has always been fol lowed by social subversion ; but where. except in the Bible, has such universal and horrible delpravity existed, as in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land ? Take away the etrong military force matin tained by this country, and the nrajority of the wretched inhabitants would fall upon one another with the fury of wild beasts. The best that can happen to those eolonies would be' thatt their population should be gradually suffered to dwindle away or be dispersedl The difficult questi.,n of providing n substitute for the present systemr of trans portation must be reserved for another paper. * The Spctator is tndter the intfllenee of the Soullt Australian faction, though i e helieve hon'n.stl. He i, ie,,oran?t, not cottllupr. hutt tire. Spectat,,r o lugh tt hliaver k wn, that forl tru'le sh!illin~s a ; ce r, the South Atutl'tttllat ,laver of land can deltandel fr e Inbourers tr. till itis gro, ud.tl . Yet the hatin ul'nged Spectator, keen as tie is in otlar e-tbjt'ect., I 'opa,.t, , tha;t newV-Lconer.i tandal ott|ers ill Ne?v ?-ot 'Wa';l)t, sllill pay twenty sliillllngs an acre, forgettine tlh:at haere, tile pI.Cttase of lttnd entites rot the buyer to ;a sinele labourer being rueported for lhina.-lid. Syd. Mion. -t Thie emienrant populathin of New Soulth Wales, is at leant 25,(0!00 soul,*. The lioulm antd mtral Spec tao/nr dourtts thi. c.lmanjtnty to poverty. " it ltstt sink" qaloth he. anVte t greatly obliged to hill. 1 Gro.s ignorance i-- Ed. Syd. Mlon. 