SPRINGING A LEAK. (From Wilson's Border Tales.) 'Och, isn't he a broth of a boy, now, that Captain of ours!' I heard one of our men say to another, on one of the quiet tropical evenings, when the crew were enjoying themselves in the 'waist,' and the captain was whirling one of the ladies round in a waltz on the quarterdeck. 'He's as full of fun as a monkey.' 'Take care you don't shave the monkey too close, though, Mike, or perhaps the cat will shave you.' 'It is the cat you mane? ' replied Mike ; 'then, be the powers, it's myself that's not afeered of the ' cat,' for she never wags her tail here but when a man's either an ass or a skulk ; and no man can say black's the white of the eye of Mike Delaney. But I say, Tom, isn't this been an out and out passage Why, we've had nothin to do but to spin yarns and knot them ; we might have stowed away the reef-points in the hold, we've never had no'casion for them ; and as for salt water, we haven't had a breeze to wash our faces for us since we left home. Blow'd if we shan't get too fine for our work by-and-by ; regular gentlemen afloat. I think I'll sport a pair of them over-alls that the long-shore beggars calls gloves, to keep my flippers white,' said Mike, at the same time spreading out a pair as dirty as the back of a chimney, and as broad as the back of a skate. 'Gloves on a delegate flipper like that!' answered his companion ; 'no, no, Mike, 't'would be a sin and a shame to hide it; that's a regular dare-devil band; it cares neither for soap nor water. But, Mike, the voyage is not half over yet. We've had a fair weather passage so far; but I'm always afeered of these unkimmon fine beginnings; ev'ry thing goes on by contraries in this here world, and a good beginning often brings in its wake a bad ending. It's not in the coorse of nature to see sich a long spell of fine weather ; it's quite unnatural ; it 'ill break out, by and by, in a fresh place, see if it dont'. That 'ere butcher, the sea, lies smiling at us as if we were so many hhinnocent lambs, but he'll may be have his hands on our throats yet. As the player man said at Wapping, we are like hinnocent wictims a drsss'd for the haltar, and a smiling in,the face of our hexecooshnar.' " Well, Tom, it's never no use smelling mischief afore it comes ; time enough when it does show its ugly mug, to grin in its face. I'm not the man to turn my back on it, nor you neither, for that matter, I'll be bound.' We had run nearly thirty-four degrees to the south of the equator, when the weather became very variable, and the wind at last settled into a strong breeze from the northward. One evening we were spanking along with the wind in that quarter, with a heavy confused sea, when a thick gloom gradually overspread the sky, and the mercury falling in the barometer, gave warning of ap- proaching bad weather. All our small sails were taken in, and every necessary precaution adopted to prepare for a change. Our topsails were reefed, and the mainsail was hauled up and handed. About six P. M., Captain Fleetwood came on deck, and asked what I thought of the weather ; 'Bad enough, Sir ; it doesn't seem to have made up its mind what to do ; however we are tolerably well prepared for a change, whichever way it may be.' ' You must keep a sharp look out Mr. Musgrave ; if it should begin to rain, depend upon it the wind will chop suddenly round to the southward ; you must not let it take you unawares.' 'I'll look out for it in time, Sir.' He had scarcely left the deck, when a light drizzling rain came on, a partial lull succeeded, and the wind veered suddenly round to the south-westward. We were prepared for it, however, and our yards were soon trimmed to the wind ; but our troubles were only beginning. The breeze freshened up so rapidly that we had hardly time to take in sail fast enough ; no sooner was one reef in, than it became necessary to take in another. The sea was running, as landsmen say, mountains high ; the wind was howling through our rigging ; and the giant albatrosses hovered round us, seen indistinctly for a moment through the gloom, and then soaring away on the gale, as if they were floating down a stream ; their enormous wings extended, but motionless. The men were aloft, close-reefing, and preparing to furl the foretopsail, when a heavy sea struck the ship, and a sudden squall laid her over on her beamends almost. The sudden jerk carried away the topmast backstays. There was no rolling tackle on the topsailyard, which jerked violently as the ship fell over, and the mast snapped just above the parrell. Five of the poor fellows were thrown off the topsailyard to leeward ; we heard their cries dying away on the breeze ; we could not see them, the weather was so thick, and darkness was coming on ; and as for saving them, the attempt to do so would have been madness, although several men sprung forward to volunteer. It was with heavy hearts the men set to work to clear away the wreck, the cries of their poor shipmates still ringing in their ears, and an hour or two elapsed before it was accomplished. All night long we were hard at work, furling sails and sending down yards and masts ; and when the morning appeared, the ship was hove to, with her head to the south-eastward, under a storm staystail. The decks were lumbered with wet sails, the main and misen topgallantmast and yards, and the remnants of canvass and rigging saved from the wreck of the topmast. We spliced the main-brace, or, as you would say, served out drams; and the helm bring lashed a-lee, the ship's company were sent below to obtain that rest they stood so much in need of. Poor fellows! they were not allowed to enjoy it long. 'Where is the captain?' said the carpenter, rushing up the quarter-hatch, with a face like a ghost ; 'where is the captain?' 'Well Soundings,' said Captain Fleetwood, 'what do you want with me?' 'It's just about the soundings, Sir, I want to speak to you.' Then, drawing but recovered himself immediately. 'Very well, rig the pumps directly. Mr. Musgrave, call the hands out; the ship has taken a little too much water in, over all. Heaven grant it's nothing worse!' murmured he. 