To the Heditur of The Hausthralian. MISTHUR HEDITUR— I'm the boy what writ to you about a Reporther's sitiation; and, as you required a spicimin o' my abi- lities, I've jist sint you the procadings of a mating which tuck place here—and, by —, it's myself that can insense you and the public into the natur o' things. It was over at the corner house, jist fornenst the court-house, that this mating gathured; so when I seed them all crowding into a long room there, and all lookin' big wid the spaaches they intindid making—but which, as they past me, I heard them rattle over like patter nosthers at mass, sure— "Murther," says I to myself, "but here is a chance for ye, Rory, makin' yer fortin to-day;" so crouching me down (though myself, sure, am not very tall) I slips away in, and coyled my bones up in a corner, clane out o' sight. First, then, a fine ould gintlemin, wid a white pole, jist the picture o' Father Murphy, of Ballycarren—and he looked mighty grand, for they all called him Misthur Chairman—riz up, and says he, "Gintlemin," says he, "I'm mighty proud, jintlemin, to be Chairman o' the East Maitland close meeting, but—" (d—1 a word more could I hear for a time; sich shouting, and sich bating o' the poor table, was never at wake or wedding) "we had bitter procaad wid the bisness, so we had." Upon this up gets a little cratur wid a bundle o' paapers fornenst him, and, says he, "Gintlemin," says he, "we mustn't be bate by them West Maitlanders, any how; no, not at all, at all. Gintlemin," says he agin, "we are a fine body of free- houlders, sure, and have a right to up- hould our rights," says he; "and if they have a market on the other side, a fortiori, we should have a market on this side. Gintlemin," says he—and he gave the table sich a tump wid 'is hand—"I contind that the law of the case is wid us, that it is on our side, say what they will on the tother side."—(Well, and sure if I was stunned wid the noise they made last, the uproar now—aye, twenty drums couldn't beat it— must have all but broke the drums o' my lugs: tunder an' nowns, while now writ- ing, but I think I hear it still.) Now, then, up riz anither shaver—an' sure Tim Kelly, the piper, couldna bate him for gab—and talked about giving the Westmaitlanders a bolus, and a cathartik, and a— don't know what; "but," says he, "let 'em come and pay for the market, we'll recaave the money," says he (maybe ye wouldn't much care doing that same thing yourself, thinks I), and he ranted away wid sich larned dis- course that was Latin to me, and down he sat in silence, which made me guess that other gapers weren't a hair more hedified than myself wid his larnin'. The nixt on his legs, then, was a dark-lucking man, who blathered something about the captain and the publican; and giving his eye a rowl, as I thought towards my own dear self, says he, "They've got a Reporther here," says he, "but I'll sune settle his hash by the Golden Fleece, so I will,'' says he. ("By the powers o' Mulkelly,' says I to myself, "I'm clane done! St Pathrick be marciful!" says I; but never stirr'd out of my corner). Then up starts a lump of a boy, with the whiskers growing out o' his upper lip, and, says he, "The West Maitlanders never shall bate us, anyhow; we'll take care of that; and. when he said this, the craturs ga'e another shout. Now the confusion o' tongues at the building of Babel couldn't be compared wid the noise, and the hubbub, that was here—all talking at oncst—when a Jarmin' body, or some other outlandisher, wid lungs would deave a miller, bawls out, "I proteest against this public meeting, which has been con- ductit sae vera illeegally. There be twa toons o' Maitland—ane East an' the tither Wast—but, mind ye this: the chaps o' the Wast hae nae bisness to fash their heads wi' the freeholders o' the East; we're diff'rent frae them as the twa airts; and, for that reason, they hae naething to do wi' us or our market." Jist as he said this, up went the door, and in walks a gintlemin wid a white hat, straight up to the table where the craturs were all sitting, hungry and dry, no doubt; for in the room they hadn't so much to drink as wet a midge's wing, nor yet so much to eat as bait a mouse-thrap; and, what was worse than all, not a sowl amangst so civil as say to a stranger, "God save you!" So there stood the gintlemin, for all the world like the ghost of Phil Shannon, widout spaking a word. At last says the dark-lucking man to him, wid his darkest luck, "Who are you?" "Who am I, is it?" says he. "Who are you?" agin says the docthor. "Is it, who am I?" says the gintlemin agin. ' An' what for no?" says the outlandisher. "Then,'' says the gintlemin, "I'm a thrue Westmaitlander!" Och! murther! mur- ther! talk about roaring, and bawling, and squalling! Never since the days o' Mur- toch M'Moran was sich a phililoo heard as the poor craturs now set up! "Git out, ye spalpeen!" cries one; "To the d—l pitch him!" roars another; and so the song went round, until at last the poor gintlemin was awktally seized by the coat- collar, and thrown out o' the room like a pair of ould boots! Right glad he was to get aff wid his life! "Bad luck to yez," says I to myself, "maybe ye'll sarve me the same, being a stranger too," says I; so keeping a sharp luck-out, and slipping wid tbievish step, one foot at a time, at last I made the door and out I boulted; but, just as luck would have it, and as I thought a minute before, hardly had I got outside before they were after me in full chace, roaring out, "Hould him! catch him there, the murthering Reporther!" But thanks to my stars I had got the start o' them, and my suppler legs carried me safe home. I am, Misthur Heditur, Your obadient sarvint, RORY O'MORE. 