\ I THE OLD ABBE'S TALE. A GHOST STORY, FROM THE GERMAN OF GOETHE. When I was in Nap'es a cantatrice named Antonelli was the favourite of that pleasure-loving public. She had youth, beauty, talents, and excellent friends, so that she wanted nothing in appearance to make her perfectly happy. She was not by any means insensible to pleasure or love (what Italian woman is ?) but she was na- turally of a strong mind and sound under- standing, so that she contrived, while tast- ing of their sweets, to avoid the bitters consequent on their indulgence. Though she was surrounded by all the rich and handsome young men of the city, she gave no great encouragement to any of them ; and as very few, even of these, could stand the test, she applied to him whom she se- lected as her lover ; she had a very small number in a considerable space of time. Time fled quickly, and when I knew her she was much older in years and experi- ence than at our outset in life. She had learned a great deal, and she had met with many weak, vain individuals; of the oppo site sex, in comparison with those of wis- dom and discretion which she had en- countered. The conclusion she came to "was that a friend, among the male sex, was to be preferred to a lover ; inasmuch as the selfishness of the latter counterba- lanced all the pleasures derived from the character of his intercourse. The result was that she determined to have a friend, and she proceeded to procure one accord ingly. Fortune seemed to look with especial favour on her in this, as in all other re- pects ; she soon found what she wished for. He was a Genoese merchant, young, handsome, and discreet, who was then re sident in Naples, transacting some impor- tant business for his establishment. To the charms of a handsome face and faultless figure, he added the graces of a good in- tellect, enlarged and polished by a superior education. At the time she first knew him, he was labouring under considerable anxiety, in consequence of some serious law-suits in which his establishment was unluckily involved ; but even this had the effect of improving his appearance by the cast of pensiveness which it gave to his fine countenance. It decided Antonelli upon seeking his acquaintance and ac- quiring his friendship in return for the sympathy and assistance she was prepared to bestow on him. Until then they had never met but in public : she now invited him to her house, and he was not slow of accepting the invitation. It was not long before she developed the state of her feelings, and disclosed her mind to him. She told him seriously that she wished him as her friend alone, and not as her lover; and to prove the sin- cerity of her regard, she made him con- siderable pecuniary advances for the pur- pose of extricating him from his difficul- ties. A fast friendship was the conse- quence of her open-heartedness and gen- erosity. But this state of things could not last long. - Although he had promised only to be her friend, he could not conceal from himself that he ardently desired to be her lover also. In short he loved her, and his passion shortly attained to such a height, that the situation in which he found himself placed was no longer endurable. He disclosed to her his feelings, and press- ed her so hard to receive him in that char- acter, that though her judgment counselled her against it, she ultimately consented. I dare say her heart also assisted in the case: for I have already told you that the suitor was young, handsome and ac- complished. Her heart, however, was wrong, as it usually is, and her judgment turned out to be right. He had not been long in the double character of her friend and her lover, when he began to exhibit much of the caprice and unreasonable con- duct of persons in such a position. As her friend he required all her respect and esteem ; as her lover he required all her affection ; and as a man of education and ability, he required her complete submis- sion to his dictates,- But this did not agree altogether with her ; she was too high spirited, and independent of mind to be the slave of any man's caprice, or the creature of any man's passion. Her re- solution was taken ; she sought by degrees, to withdraw herself from his presence, and to convince him that no price in the world was high enough for the sacrifice of her freedom. As soon as ever he began to perceive these symptoms of alienation on her part, he was smitten with the greatest sorrow ; Ilness of body followed ; and to aggravate the evil, the aspect or his affairs began to grow worse than ever. It was no conso- lation to him to reflect on the fact that his embarrassments were all owing to him self—that he had inconsiderately drawn on his own resources as if they were inex- haustible ; and that he had neglected his proper business and expended all his wealth, for the idle purpose of cutting a better figure in the world than his birth and circumstances warranted. The law suits, on which his hopes entirely rested now, dragged on more slowly than ever, and each step increased -in an additional degree the weighty expenses attendant on legal processes in Naples. At this junc- ture a pressing necessity compelled him to proceed to Palermo, and during his brief absence his fair friend made every ar- rangement in her power to estrange him from her on his return. When he came back to Naples, he found she had removed her residence to as great a distance as possible from his abode, and at every visit he made her, he perceived that the Mar- quis de S — , who at that time exer- cised great influence over public taste in regard to music and singing, was con- stantly present, and, moreover, had free ingress and egress to her house at all hours. That was a final stroke ; he could bear no more. A severe fit of illness fol- lowed. He was not, however, altogether abandoned by her for whom he suffered. When the intelligence of his illness reached her, she lost no time in hastening to see him ; she attended his sick bed most as- siduously ; she watched over his gradual and slow recovery with the patience of a fond woman ; she replenished his exhaust- ed pecuniary resourses ; and she never left him until he became convalescent. His attempts to restrict her freedom ; had originally sunk him considerably in her esteem ; with the decline of her esteem, increased her observance of his actions. This led to the discovery that he had made many most imprudent spec- ulations in trade, and squandered his pro- perty and the result was a much lower opinion of his understanding and much less respect for his character than she had heretofore entertained. But he did not remark this internal change. The anxiety with which she watched over his tedious recovery; the kindness and care with which she tended him, sitting the whole day long by his bedside ; and the general attention she bestowed on him during his helpless illness, appeared to him more in the nature of manifestations of her love and friendship than of compassion; and he confidently expected, on his restoration to health, to be. put again in the same po- sition he had before enjoyed in her heart, and in her society. But he cruelly deceived himself. In the same degree as his health returned to him the kindness and friendship she had all along shown to him departed. Nay, she could not conceal it from herself, that he was now as much an object of aversion to her as he had been before of admiration. Unconsciously to himself, his temper had acquired a cast of bitter peevishness du- ring his tedious illness he threw all the blame of his embarrassments upon others, exculpated himself at any sacrifice of truth and consistency, and thus increased the sentiments of dislike and disesteem which daily gained ground in her bosom against him. He pictured himself as a much in- jured man, and looked for a complete re- storation to his former happiness in the recovered affection of. his beloved Anto- nelli. Under the influence of these feelings he paid her his first visit. His excited expectations required nothing less than that she should not alone resign herself al- together to him as she had done before, but that she should also abandon her friends, and quit the theatrical profession, to live alone with him and love him forever. To this she would not, however, accede. She endeavoured by every means in her power to point out to him the absurdity of his expectations. At first she tried wit and raillery — but those did not succeed ; she then tried serious argument, but that ap- peared to have as little effect upon him; she was at length compelled to disclose to him the terrible truth, that she no longer loved him, and that even her esteem for him had undergone a thorough revolution, He left her on this, and never saw her again in his lifetime. For some years subsequently he lived a very recluse life, in a very limited circle ; indeed he shortly declined all society, ex- cept that of the old woman in whose hum- ble abode he dwelt in obscurity. During that period, however, the law-suits which he had pending were decided one after another in his favour, and he became richer than ever by the event ; but it made no alteration in his mind, his manners, or his mode of living. His health was un- dermined. His happiness had departed for ever, All on a sudden he fell mortally ill, and his physician desired him to prepare for death. He heard his sentence without a murmur, and said that he would die in peace if he only saw his Antonelli once again. She was sent for — his old servant was the messenger — the same who had so many times been to her on a happier er- rand. He prayed her to see his master, but she declined to accede to his prayer. He was sent a second time, and he con- jured her by his master's direction, and by her own hopes of salvation, to come ; but she still was inexorable. A third time he was dispatched on the same fruitless errand ; but it was then far advanced in the night. She was somewhat moved at his importunity, and consulted as to what she should do. I was there at the mo- ment along with the Marquis and many other of her friends to supper. I coun- selled her to go, and give the last conso- . lation to the dying man, and she appeared uncertain and undecided as to whether she should follow my advice or not ; but after a few minutes silence and thought, she came to the resolution not to see him, and she gave his servant a conclusive answer to that effect. He departed with it to his dying master, and never returned to trou- ; ble her more. We paid no further heed to the inter- ruption this occasioned us, but continued at table conversing on various subjects in the best possible humour. It was just midnight, when a wailing, heart-rending sound, full of the bitterest anguish. imagi- nable, overpowered the senses of all pre- sent. We gazed on each others counte- nances with a shuddering curiosity to know whence it came or what could be its mean- ing. The Marquis leaped up from the table and rushed to the window ; the fair Antonelli fell senseless upon the sofa. All was fear and confusion. She revived at last, but very slowly. The jealous Ita- lian scarce gave her time to breathe before he began to overwhelm her with the bit- terest reproaches. He said that if she chose to make assignations with her friends she ought at least compel them to com- municate in more agreeable signals. To this she answered with her usual presence of mind, that as she had an undoubted right to see whom and when she pleased, so she had also an equal right to receive the announcement of their presence in anv way she thought proper; but added, that it was not at all likely that she would, of her own free will, select such a dreadful mode as that which had so recently frigh- tened them all out of their senses. And to a certainty that sound had some thing incredibly frightful in it. The long drawn hideous tones were in every ear- yea, in every limb for hours after. Anto- nelli did not recover her fright for the re- mainder of the night — pale, motionless, and apparentlywithout perception we had to watch by her until the morning. But we saw or heard nothing further to annoy us. The next night the same set assem- bled in the same place, and at the same hour the same sound was distinctly audi- ble. In the meanwhile we wearied ourselves with conjectures on the cause of. this strange unearthly sound. Why should I be tedious? Whenever she supped at home, at the same hour the same awful, announcement was made— though some times in a stronger, sometimes in a weaker degree than at first. It was the talk of all Naples. The persons who resided in the same house — the friends and acquaint- . ance of the fair cantatrice-— yea, the police itself, were busied to fathom the mystery which hung about it. Spies were placed in every corner ; numbers undertook the task of watching, unconnected with the police. It was all in vain. To those in the street the sound appeared to float in the free air; to those in the chamber it appeared to be among themselves. When she supped abroad, she never heard ought of it ; when she supped at home, it was always present. But even abroad she was not altogether free from the influence of this bad spirit. Her talents and manners opened the doors of the best houses in the city to her ; and as an agreeable companion she was always welcome. She availed herself of her op- portunities, and to get rid of this evil in- fluence, she seldom or never staid at home of an evening. A nobleman, honorable alike for his ve- nerable age and his high station, drove her home one night that she had been supping at his house. As she was taking leave of him at her own door that fearful sound sprung up, as it were, directly be- tween them, and the consequence was that this excellent individual, who as well as thousands of others knew the story, was lifted into his carriage by his servants more dead than alive. Another time a young man, & tenor singer at the theatre, when she performed, for whom she had rather an inclination, accompanied her on foot to a distant part of the town to see a female friend she wished to visit. He, in common with every one else, had heard of this strange phenomenon ; but, like a heedless young fellow as he was, he had only laughed at it. On their way he got her to speak of the circumstance. When she had con- cluded, he said, I wish to hear myself the voice of your invisible companion ; call to him, and tell him to let us hear him. We are two, and we will not fear it. Whether it was levity, or whether it was boldness I cannot say, but she called to the ghost, and in a moment the heart-rending sound arose, as it were from the earth, and cry ing aloud three times, ceased on a sudden with a dreadful crash. When they had arrived at the house of their friend, both fell senseless at the door, and it was with difficulty they were restored to animation. Notwithstanding she was now accus- tomed to it, she could not rest whenever it came. The result was a serious attack of illness. During its continuance the fearful sound was silent, and in the lapse of time which intervened before her reco- very she had almost lost all recollection of it. The conclusion she arrived at was, that her torments on that score were at an end; and that she should hear no more of it. But she was bitterly mistaken. "When she was completely convalescent she undertook, at the end of the Carnival, a short journey into the country, in com- pany with a female friend and a femme de chambre. It was dark night before they were aware of it, and to add to their anx- iety the axle of the carriage broke ere they had reached the place they proposed to stop at. They were, therefore, obliged to take refuge until morning in a very sorry hotel — the only one in the neighbourhood. Her female friend had just got into one bed, herself into another, and the femme de chairtbre having lighted the chamber lamp, was on the point of lying down be- side her, when she said sportively, ' We are here at the end of the world, and the storm abroad is dreadful : do you think he would be able or willing to find us in this place, and on such a night?" That very moment the fearful sound came over their senses more fearful than ever. An- tonelli fainted, and the femme de chambre fell senseless on the floor, her friend sprung out of bed, exclaiming, that ' all the devils in hell were let loose in the room,' and rushed in her nightgown down stairs to the apartment of the landlord. — For the remainder of that night no one slept in that house. It was the last time she ever heard that sound; but it was not the last time her unwelcome. guest made her feel his presence. It was a considerable period since she had heard of him, and she almost believed her anxiety was at an end, when one night as she sat at supper in her own apartments with two or three friends, a flash and a crash like a pistol shot fired through one of the windows made them all leap up from table. Every one present heard the re- port, every one saw the flash ; but on the closest, inspection, no one could find any mark in the glass or on the shutters. It was reckoned an attempt on her life : and while some of her friends hastened to the police, others kept watch in the street on the opposite houses until day-break. But it was all in vain. Although every house in the vicinity was searched for the assas- sins, and although the spies and precau- tions taken by them were doubled, nothing could be discovered to give a clue to the mystery. For three consecutive months from that night, exactly at the same time and place, the same sound and sight were distinctly heard and seen by all who chose to watch for it ; so that it finally became a matter of habit to them all, and not alone did it not terrify them, but even did not interrupt their conversation. It happened, however, that one warm night in that time, the fair Antonelli, for getful of the hour, threw up the window sash, and with her friend the Marquis, stepped out on the balcony to enjoy the coolness of the air. They had scarcely been there a minute when the shot whiz zed between them. She fell. into her a- partments senseless, as though she was forced backwards by some unseen power, and the Marquis was struck down where he stood in the same manner. When they recovered they felt—he "as if he had re- ceived a severe blow on the left side of the face, and she as if she had had it on the right. No evil results accruing from it, caused it to be a subject of considerable merriment to the party present. From that night the shot was seen or heard in her house no more : and, as be- fore, she believed herself rid of her tor- mentor; but, as before, mistakenly. One night, accompanied with a female friend, she drove along the Chajia. it was a beautiful clear moonshine. As they passed near the house in which the Genoese, her deceased friend, formerly lived, her com- panion asked her in which of them he had resided. She pointed out two, and repli- ed, ' in one or the other of these, as well as I can remember.' At that moment the shot came from the houses, burst through the back of the carriage in appearance, and passed between the two friends within. The coachman thinking that it was an at- tempt to; assassinate his mistress, whipped up his horses, and never slackened rein until he arrived at her house. Both ladies were lifted out in a state of utter insensi- bility. But that was to be the last of her ter- rors. Her invisible companion changed his mode of making her conscious of his presence ; but all for the better. The next night a clapping of hands was heard beneath her window at the usual hour. — As a favorite public performer, she was well accustomed to that sound ; and it gave her no displeasure. Her friends sought as before to discover the cause ; but, as be- fore, they sought in vain. All, however, hoped a final termination of these strange proceedings. After a short time, the clapping ceased also : but it was succeeded by something still more agreeable. A most indescriba- bly sweet and melodious combination of sounds floated through her apartment every night at the wonted hour, and seem- ed to creep along the walls to the infinite delight and rapture of the company. To those in the chamber they seemed to come from the mid air— to those in the street, they appeared to emerge from the cham- ber. It was as though an angel preluded on a heavenly melody, so soft, so sweet, so gentle, so touching, so tender, and so thrilling were the tones. This continued for some time and at last departed for ever. It was the conclusion of this strange series of circumstances, which had then ; lasted about a year and a half. I should have said, continued the vene- rable Abbe, that I subsequently visited the house where the Genoese died, and had a long conversation with the old woman who witnessed his last moments. She told me that the passion he entertained for Antonelli was incredible ; that he spoke only of her during his illness ; and that he sometimes designated her as an angel, and at others as a demon, according to the mood in which he happened to be. He wished, she continued, to see her once before he died, for the purpose of obtaining a last token of her love and friendship; and her refusal to come had made his dying moments dreadful almost beyond imagination. The last words he ever ut- tered were these — No, it shall not avail her to refuse me ; even when I am dead, she shall know no rest for me : I'll haunt her day and night. That was the old Abbe's tale, and a sin- gular one it is. 