Original Correspondence. Elegant Extractsfrom the Confessional, as published by the Right Rea. Dr. Cojtpinger. Mr. Editor, There never was a more auspicious moment for the exposure of Popery-that " mother of abominations"-than the pre- sent ; the hour has come when we must unmask her, and exhibit her stripped of ali her hellish blandishments to the,naked fuze of our infatuated Protestant brethern; , therefore, for one, rejoice to see the confessional of Peter Dens brought to light; if it is too filthy for the public eye, surely it ought to be too filthy for the purity of God's Temple, or for the secret whisperings of a confessional box or a confessional room. But I conceive the work is only partly done by the publication of Peter Dens, as the obscenity of the Confessional may bo supposed by many Protestants to be confined to the Theology of Dens, and not to be a part and parcel of Popery it- self; to correct such an opinion it may therefore be well to add, by way of ap- pendix, a selection of extracts from various Roman Catholic authorities, proving tho demoralizing and filthy cha- racter of the Confessional iii general. A few extracts from a work entitled True Piety ; or, the Day well Spent, by the llight Rev. Dr. Coppinger, may serve to confirm the disclosures of Miss Byrne, and prove to our Protestant brethren that " the morbid anatomy" of the human soul is probed to the very bottom-in short, that nothing can be too indecent, too filthy, too lustful, for this Holy Inquisition of conscience. First, we have drawn up by this pure and Right Rev. Bishop, " Instructions upon Confession," page 75, wherein it is stated, that " a Confession, in order to be good, should be entire, sincere, and simple. By the first condition it is re- quested thut we confess all the mortal sins we can think of after a diligent ex- amination, and all the circumstances which change the nature of the sin and considerably increase or diminish the guilt of it." Here, then, no reserve is allowed, the penitent's heart must be un covered to the Priest, and every sentiment and thought exposed ; and not only this, but the very circumstances under which these sins have been commi.ted must be preserved in the memory and brought under the cognizance of the Priest, so that the whole of these sins must be in- wardly digested and diligently treasured up in the mind of the penitent for months together ; nice food, indeed, for the mind to fatten and purify on. Bul further, " if we have been in the habit of any mortal sin, we must declare how long this habit continued, how often in the day, the weeli, or the month, Sec. we have com- mitted the sin, adding the words more or less when we are not quite certain." Here is a pretty exercise of mind, the filthy thing which a pure mind would reject with abhorrence must here be' noted down in the most minute manner possible While again that modesty may not plead excuse, or delicacy cause concealment, the Instructions proceed to state,, *« let the pain of confession be ever so much exaggerated, most certainly the conceal- ment of a mortal sin in confession is much more tormenting ; for how intolerable is the angttiish of these consequent reflec- tions-I um a hypocrite ; 1 have lied to the Holy Ghost himself; &c.; &c.; ; what- ever good works I may have sirice doue are ineffectual, and this very stn-(at the j thoughts of the revelation of which my very nature shrinks)-mint some time or other be confessed ; the obligation cannot be dispensed with ; I must necessarily go back through all my duplicity ; I must accuse myself not only of the sin con- cealed, but must declare that I concealed it, and must also declare my several crimes since that one, although I had already confessed them to other clergy- men." Here decency is put upon the r.ick, and modesty brought to the tor- ture,-the blushing virg n, the chaste matron, and the timid youth must \ield up to Priestly examination what nature requires should be concealed ; what can- not be willingly obtained, must be forcibly extorted -"for we must neither add to our own guilt nor deceitfully palliate it, but state every fact just as it is ; as doubt- ful when really doubtful, and certain when really certain." Next, the Holy Prelate proceeds under various head« in his " preparation for con le-sion" (p. 63) to sum up the nature of those sins which are to be laid bare to (he Holy Father. By Impurity in IWouglds. " In wilfully duelling tipon or taking pleasure in unchaste thoughts. It must here be mentioned whether these bad' thoughts were entertained during a con sideiable time and how long, whether they were accompanied with desires of committing the eui-whether they caused irregular motions, and whether in a holy place, and whether the objects of tho sinful desires were single or married kinsfolk or persons consecrated to God." What must a father or husband think of this, that every time his wife or daugh- ter goes to the Confessional she must describe the inward workings of her mind to a man. By words. In speaking obscenely or conveyinn* obscenity under words of double nieaniti" which may be as bad or worse, in listen- ing with pleasure to such vile language, and this sort of discourse is still more criminal when it passes between persons of different sexes. (Note, there should have been an exception made here to priests and their fair penitents.) We also sin grievously in this way by singing unchaste songs, by giving toasts or senti- ments contrary to modesty, or permitting these things to go on when we can pre- vent them, or by not retiring on such oci usions. The Ghostly Father becomes acquainted with the progress of crime in his fair penitent, so that he knows her character just as well as if he was an integral part' of her ; for next comes By Looks. In viewing immodest objects, in read- ing bad books, in keeping indecent pictures, in frequenting plays and like assemblies which are but too often the school of vice &c.; &c.; Under this head may be classed the tempting of others to sin by dissolute glances, gestures, or immodesty in dress or behaviour. But next comes the developement to which I would request the attention of all bus-' bands. By Actions. In abusing and defiling the sanctity of marriage by t " * * * * It is necessary here to lay open such circumstances as may considerably increase or diminish the guilt, but with as much modesty as possible, to declare whether we have employed or neglected to employ the necessary means of over- coming this vile passion ; we should carefully distinguish what is w ilful from what is not so, an effect of delibera- tion from one of mere negligence, also the number of these bad action«, the length of time we continued in the habit, with what sott of persons we have sinned or desired to stn,-but this without mentioning names ; and as it too often happens that young persons who have miserably fallen into certain sins of a lonely and f * * nature, either conceal this crime in confession, or do not faithfully own how often tliey commit it, we earnestly beseech all those who are conscious of such insincerity to r. fleet seriously upon the evils they involve themselves in, that all those confessions and communions which follow are so many sacrileges removing them still further from God, and provoking his just indignation against them, that the longer they continue in this hypocrisy the more difficult it must be to overcome their bashfulness, and the more anguish they must feel in their own interior, &c;, &c;, &c.;" (Note, here bashfulness is branded as hypocrisy.) ! Such are the contents of a book sanc- tioned by a Roman Catholic Bishop, put into the hands of the most innocent young females-a book under the guise of true piety, part of which is only fit for a brothel, the filth of which I find defile me as I write to expose it, but I can furnish other testimonies upon this sub- ject, one in Spanish, the other in French, proving that the Popish confessional in every country is of like character, and what therefore must we suppose it to be iu New South Wales, a country, accord- ing to Dr. Ullathorne's desciiption, only I one remove from Hell. Surely the holy Doctor must have a nice me.il to digest (however modestly he may question tho parties) every confession-day, we certainly envy lum not this labour of secresy, but we would recommend as a further step in the .* Reformed Church" of New South Wales, that in fu'urc the sisters of cha- rity should have the power delegated to them of hearing all the confessions of the chaste and modest pot lion of our Austra- lian fair ones, the morbid cases can bo kept for the Rev. Doctor and his three Maynooth friends, who although igno- rant of Dens' Theology, cannot, we pre] p^ sume, be ignorant of the Day well spentf by the Wight Rev. Dr. Coppinger, Ro- man Catholic Bishop of Cloyne and Ross. ifl li if >. ;. WICKLIFF. F.ö. .We were much amused with two| things in our dear friend Dr. Ullu tliorue's reply to Captain Benson ; first, his affected ignorance of the residence oil t'Not fit for publication in a newspaper.-En. Src. G Ac, i s't'ii» Agnes Byrne," a circumstance |\nown 8Uiely to the Sisters of Charily, jj ^tlto have seen her frequently in company ¿ tilth Mrs. Benson at the Hospital and 5 Factoiy; secondly, the good Doctor's ¡^indignation at Captain B.'s profane appli jrilion of Sciipture to him, " that he as [¡oil sittelh in the temple of God," &c.; Ijirlieieas in the Catechism of the Council hi Tient it is written, " In th e Minister < ol God, who sits in the ti ¡Ltinal of A «cnance as his legitimate judge, he (the | nr-nitent) venehatls the power and per- il« .ni of our Lord Jesus Christ ;* and again ',; tltei/ hold the place, and power, and authority, of God on earth ;f and again, lim power of conseciating and offering ihe body and blood of our Lord, and of remitting of sin*, with which the priest- hood of the New Law is invested, is «ucli as cannot be comprehended by the human mind, still less can it be equalled !|ln, or assimilated to, any thing on earth,t ne think this »ill serve as a comment on Ctptain B 's quotation, and may serve to remind the Itight Rev. Doctor of his siijigi human dignity when in the confes- sing! box or loom. * Donovan's I ranslution, p. S13. t Idem, p. «8J. t Idem, same page. 