The Courier. FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 25,1839 WE are happy to hear that the Lieu-1 tenant-Governor has received despatches by the ßfajestic, announcing that Lord Glenelg, in consequence of His Excel- lency's representations, had called the at- tention of the Lords of the Admiralty to the necessity of a naval force more fre- quently visiting this island ; and that, in consequence, we are likely to have a British man-of-war much oftener in our port. The Lieutenant-Governcr has likewise received an intimation, that so soon as the particulars of the defences necessary for this port and that of Laun- ceston arrive in England, (and we believe they were sent home in June last) the subject of the requisite fortifications, otc, would be at once entertained by the Master-General and Hoard of Ordnance. We sincerely hope that His Excellency's endeavours will not bo frustrated by any apathy on the part of the home authori- ties. Major Kclsall, whose especial duty it is to carry these measures into effect, will, we feel assured, not neglect a mat- ter of such importance to the colony. The mounted police aro henceforward to be paid solely by the colony, and to be borne as .supernumeraries' on the strength of whatever corps may be sta- tioned here, thus enabling such corps to recruit to its full establishment. Mr. Peter Fraser has been notified as the successor of Mr. Beamonr, as Sheriff of this colony, and may shortly be ex- pected. Mr. Bcamont will retire with the «rood wUhpe nf tfio community. We have much satisfaction in commu- nicating to our readers, that the Secre- tary of State has complied with the re- commendation of the Liuiienant-Go vernor, and approved of a globe not ex- ceeding ten acres being attached to the residence of each of the ministers of the three churches, who have been or may be appointed under the provisions of the Church Act. We cannot too highly express our approval of this measure. Lord Glenelg has confirmed the grant of the allotment near the Military Hos- pital, to the Infant School Committee. We hope the supporters of this excellent institution will come forward and assist in the erection of a suitable school in so desirable a locality. We last week promised our readers some of the details of the Government measure on Convict Discipline, but from a press of intelligence, just received, we arc only enabled to treat of a few par- ticulars. The probationary gangs, which are to bo established are to be placed apart, being segregated into different classes, ac- cording to the previous respective charac- ters of the men of which they are to be composed. They are to be worked for periods of 4, 8, and 12 months, according to the degree of their offences, and to be transferred from one to the other, ac- cording to their conduct Thus the man who is condemned to 12 months' labour, will, on conducting himself properly, be transferred to the 8 month gangs, and vice versa if his conduct shall prove the contrary. They are to be provided with religious instruction, and competent overseers aro to be appointed, who shall be instructed to make constant reports to the Government on the condition and character of those immediately under their hu-peetion. But it is intended that they shall work under penalty of the most strict regulations-that they may be taught to know the propriety of good behaviour in their future probationary state, and the evils and inconveniences attending their old one-to work both on their fears as well as hopes,-a doctrine that may sound very terrible ta the moral training school of penal philosophy, but which experience of human nature, and that not in its most exalted form, teaches, is the only practicable mode of govern- ing the generality of mankind. On being freed from the probationary gangs, the convict is to receive two tickets of-leave in the order and the manner in which they have been already notified. The highest amount of wages fixed upon is £20 a year, and we are not aware that any difference is to be made in either class. We can further add, that it is contemplated to do away with the assign- ment of butlers, footmen, and other in- door servants of that character in the country, as well as in towns. As to the badge of distinction to be worn, much difficulty exists as to the practicability of canyitig it into effect. We do not, however, deem it an essential point to insist upon. We shall recur to this sub- ject next week. Our feeloso/lc contemporary, the Tas' maniun, entertained us last week with an article of his political faith, in which there is a fine contrast exhibited between private and public feeling-a struggle for the ascendancy of duty over regard, which terminates in the vindication of those immutable laws of justice, which aré represented as the fountain, from whose source alone he draws his in- spiration. After long and deliberate reflection, he has come to the painful conclusion at last, that Sir John Franklin must resign the office of Governor of this colony. Our leaders will be curious to know, why the force of this necessity should have become so obvious to the mind and reading of this prophet in a strange land. First then it is be- cause of Sir John Franklin's good nature; but the most cogent reason of all arises from bis having appointed Mr. Champ, instead of Captain Maconochie, to the Chairmanship of the Caveat Board. This ii tbe burtbvD of the song, and hence the desponding notes of woe ! Now with every respect for Captain Maconochie's abilities, we entertain but little for the judgment of his friends. They are continually obtruding him on public attention in a manner which ought to make him sensible of the occasional appositcness of that adage, which be- speaks protection from the kind inter- ference of such allies. But lest it should escape his observation, and that he may not persuade himself into the belief, that he is a martyr in this, as in other instances, (of the merits or deme- rits of which we know nothing), we shall proceed to make a few remarks 'on the arguments which have been adduced in favour of Captain Maconochie's claims to the Caveat Board ; for this is the point on which hinges all the diffi- culty-the solution of the enigma on which the stability of Sir John Frank- lin's government is to depend. "Davits sum, non Odipus," and though most of our readers like the comic Davus be no great unravellcrs of state secrets, or interpreters of conundrums, they will have sufficient perception to discern the source and origin of all this outcry. They " need no ghost come from the tomb" to tell them, that it proceodoth from, and endeth in the Caveat Board. Mr. Champ has been appointed Chairman. A moat monstrous assumption in a gen- tleman, who, a few years since, was only a Lieutenant in the 63d Regiment ! It is true he has been a Police Magis- trate for some years in an arduous office, the duties of which he has fulfilled with integrity and ability ; but then, there is Captain Maconochie, the friend of twenty years, who has been overlooked and neglected in the arrangement. Such are the arguments of Captain Macon- ochie's supporters who would chuckle amazingly to find Sir John Franklin so very complaisant and docile as they seem to imagine him to be, in conceding an office to a gentleman who has already in his opinion, (whether rightly or wrong- fully we know not--it is only sufficient for ns to be told that it is so), forfeited all future title to consideration at his hands. Either such is tho caso, or Captain Maconochie is an cgrcgiously ill-used man. We w ould rejoice to find that it was all a mistake, that like others we were labouring under a delusion, and none would hail with greater gratification the recognition of those rights to office, to which Captain Maconochie can in all other respects lay just claim ; but as long as the matter remains in abeyance, as long as Sir John Franklin considers ho was justified in the course he adopted towards Captain Maconochie on a former occasion, it were indeed taxing the good nature of His Excellency (and although this has been imputed to him as a fault we do not think it likely to proceed to so great a length of culpability), far too much, to require him to appoint Captain Maconochie to any office for which that gentleman chooses to apply. The reason- ing of Shylock is very apt to occur upon such an occasion : " Fair Sir, you spit on me on Wednesday last: You spurn'd me ¡>iich a day ; another time You call'd me dog ; and for these courtesies I'll lend you thus much monies." Captain Maconochie under such circum- stances might with equal justice reply in the language of the ill-used lover : " Twos fit to dissemble your love, But why did you kick mc don n stairs." The supporters of Captain Macon- ochie must have studied the Dogberry school of reasoning to imagine the case one of themost remote possibility. Having spoken of Captain Maconochie we will now say a few words concerning Mr. Champ. With no wish whatever to detract from Captain Maconochie's merits, we consider the latter quite as well qualified to succeed to the Chairmanship of the Caveat Board-that he is uni- versally acknowledged to have a legally constituted mind, and that his pt act ¡cal habits of business already well known and appreciated, afford assurance of his ability to discharge the duties of his new office. We will even add that the ap- pointment has given satisfaction to the legal profcsssion.and as far as the limited opportunities that have been already afforded for transacting business, can enable one to form any anticipation of the future, the highest success is pre- dicted of his career. It is with extreme reluctance that we have felt ourselves bound to allude to any circumstances which may have in- tervened to alter Captain Maconochie's position in the government; but when every occasion on which that gentleman is overlooked in its new arrangements ¡s converted into a crying grievance, and an individual one, against His Excel- lency, with more than becoming asperity of feeling, it is but fair that the question should be put upon a proper under- standing, that people may know and feel that the prerogative of le roi le veut the king wills it-is shared by a Gover- nor of a colony, and few will question its exercise where the adoption of a con- trary line of policy must inevitably tend to bring a government into contempt. As to the Jeelosoßc inferences of our contemporary and his "acknowledged principles," the reasoning of the ingenious gentleman, in the Vicar of Wakefield, who discoursed so fluently on " the cos- mogony of the world," is about as ap- posite to the subject. The bathos of his remarks is quite unfathomable. The doses of physic which he recommends to the diseased state of the colony, and the other nostrums of our new Sangrado, most people will feel disposed to reject : " Throw physic to the dogs-I'll none of it." The reading of his prescriptions is quite enough to make '* the gorge rise" at them. Necessity has ever been considered the mother of invention ; and never was there a truer illustration of the adage than has been exhibited this week by our Austral Asiatic contemporary. In the poverty of his information he has had recourse to the circulation of an unfounded rumour, which is expressed as follows : " We have reason to believe from authority in which we place reliance, that there has been re- ceived here, copies of letters from Mr. Voder , Secretary Phillips to Sir George Grey, and | Lord Howick to the Transportation Committee, j announcing the approval by Lord John Bussell of Captain Maconochic's plans for the re- organization of the whole system of transporta- tion, the main features of which, supported as they arc by His Excellency, the Lieutenant Govcrnor, and the Chief Police Magistrate, will be carried into effect in both colonies under the authority of a Superintendent-General of Con- victs, to be forthwith appointed. If this is true, Captain Maconochie has indeed gained a vic- tory." Without adding any comment whatever upon the extreme zeal of Captain Maco uochie's friends, we have only to an- nounce, that the whole statement is utterly groundless. So far from having any foundation, in fact, we understand that an official communication has just reach- ed Captain Maconochie in consequence of despatches received from the Secre- tary of State, to the effect that Captain Maconochie being in future desirous of communicating to the Home Govern- ment should forward his dispatches through the Lieutenant- Governor, as no loss than/our letters had recently reach- ed their destination without such autho- rity or sanction. As comments have not been spared on the sudden dissolution of the Launceston Assises, and hints thrown out as to the origin of the evil, it becomes necessary to make a few remarks on the subject The Quarter Sessions Act under which the Magistrates acted expired last Octo- ber, when they should have met to strike the jury list. They did meet, it is true, and a great many names were added, which, it is acknowledged, had no claim to the distinction. Some discussion hav- ing arisen, the settlement of the Laun- ceston list was adjourned to Novem- ber, when it was struck with all its im- perfections upon it, although Major Wentworth distinctly told them on that occasion that their ' occupation was gone' -the Jury Act having expired under which they proceeded to exercise their present authority. It is said that as soon as the objection of Mr. Stephen was made to the panel, the Attorney-General was in wrath, but we believe it arose more from Mr. Stephen having omitted to communicate the substance of his objec- tions, than any annoyance he could per- sonally feel on account of the tone of the objection itself, which was unanswerable. If Mr. Stephen thought that the Attor- ney-General, as an officer of the govern- ment, was acquainted with the state of things, there was not the slightest neces- sity why he should communicate his ob- jection, and still less was there any rea- son why the Attorney-General should think himself aggrieved. We arc not prepared to say of what duration the evil is likely to be, or whether the disfran chisement of the Launceston jurors will continue throughout the whole year, but it is more than probable that the Le- gislative Council will be convened in time (though not specially for this purpose) to remedy the inconvenience. The 21 st Regiment-Sir John Frank- lin having expressed his desire to see the 21st regiment in review order, previously to their embarkation for India, a review of the regiment took place on Saturday last, at Macquarie Point, in the presence of His Excellency. The day was ex- tremely favourable, and fortunately for the manoeuvring, the ground was ex- ceedingly well kept. There were, at least, Ö50 rank and file present, and the appearance of the men and the precision with which, to use a phrase of Napier's, ' they did their work,' excited the highest interest even amongst the uninitiated. Nothing could have been more perfect than the change of position of number one covered by number six, unless it were the re-formation of the line and the charge which followed. A more beauti- ful line we never witnessed. It had stea- diness, force, and correctness of move- ment amongst its most prominent cha- racteristics, and its advance was one of the most interesting spectacles we ever witnessed. His Excellency expressed to Major Dcare his entire approbation of the manner in which the regiment had gone through the manoeuvres of the day, and of their excellent conduct whilst stationed in this garrison. The following contrast may suffice to convince even the lovers of the present Brevet system, if indeed there such exist:-Captain Mackay, of the 21st Fusiliers, entered the service 24th July, 1802, and got a company 27th July, 1832, but has not received the Breiet rank of Major. Captain Mackay has been thirty-two year» on full pay, and only four on half pay, making together a period of thirty-six years; and an officer who lias served only six years and a half as a subaltern, viz. four years and six months as an Ensign, and two years as a Lieutenant, is thus clapped over his head. THE ARTEMISE.-Captain Le Piase took her station in our Port yesterday morning in an exceedingly interesting manner, having fired a salute of twenty one guns, which was responded to by a similar compliment from our Battery, notwithstanding the insinuations which have been thrown out against its usual discretionary silence. Nothing could be more magnificent than her approach to j the station she ultimately occupied. We had an opportunity of seeing the in- ternal economy of the frigate yesterday evening, and the admirable arrange- ments by which she is distinguished. That Captain Le Place should be grate- fully received here is natural-that he should be enthusiastically received by all those who recollect his courtesy before, and his written testimony, of us since, is exactly what we expect from our fellow colonists, and in that feeling wc shall not be disappointed. The same urbanity of manner-the same unfailing courtesy the same devotive attention to the visitors which made the Captain-the Javorite -of days gone bye, must make him the esteemed and respected visitor of our colony on this occasion. The Port Office is removed from Tra- falgar Place to the premises recently oc- cupied as the Colonial Treasury. Our London correspondent informs us of the following vessels laid on for this colony to sail in October. The Pyra- mus, convict ship, T. B. Manning ; the Appolline, Anthony Rogers ; the Cheviot, Thomas Nicholls ; the Juliet, A Parker ; the London, Joseph Gibson, and the Mary Ann, Henry Marshall ; to sail in November for Hobart Town. The Earl Stanhope, James Tilly, for Launceston. The D'Auvergne, Bardaster, Planter, William Bryan, Thomas Harrison, Whitby, and the Buckinghamshire of 1500 tons, are laid on for South Aus- tralia. Twenty ships are announced to sail in all October, for New South Wales, amongst which the Theresa and Planter arc convict ships, and the Juliana and Prince Iiegent with emigrants. The William Wise, II. J. Ellis, was advertised for Swan River on the 10th October. The Pyramus, 361 tons, was taken up in October to bring boys to this co- lony ; she was to sail from Woolwich on the iid November, and may therefore be shortly expected._ 