The Southern Australian Quid verum atque decens cure, et rege, et omnis in hob «itfh.-Uoa. Er., lib. l,*p. I, ? ll. ADELAIDE : THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12,1839. OUR readers will learn with pleasure that a requisition to the Sheriff of the Colony has been signed by numerous and influential parties, to call a meeting for the purpose of adopting and sending to the authorities at home a memorial on the subjects of Taxation and the Legislative Council. It is manifest that many of our fel- low-Colonists fully share the uneasiness we ourselves have expressed in our recent num- bers on these subjects. The objects proposed to be obtained by the Requisitionists are- that the Legislative Council may be extended with non official members-and that the expense of the Survey Department may not fall upon the Colonists in the shape of Taxation. This is as it should be, and we hope that the memorial will be signed by the whole of our population having a stake in the welfare of the Colony. In our remarks on the Commissioners' Re- port last week, the point against which we directed our observations was the dependance of the Members of the Council upon the Go- vernor's will. In connexion with this we think that the present constitution of our Council is open to several objections. The Legislative and Executive departments are perfectly coin- cident, and all but identical, being both vested in the sole person of his Excellency ; for the Members of the Legislative Council being such solely ex-officio, and their continuance in office being hourly liable to interruption, if umbrage at their conduct should be taken on the part of his Excellency, their entire legislative capa- city is absorbed in his. It is moreover deci- dedly objectionable that the Members of a Legislature should be such merely in virtue of a civil office, for that office is conferred to secure the fulfilment of laws supposed lo be already made ; and to give them, without check or control from independent quarters, power to make new laws, is to confer on them the power of tyranizing to the utmost extent of their inclinations, and if they are the crea- tures of a Governor's will, who can tell what mischiefs may not hereafter arise ? Such a form of Legislature ought not to be permitted to exist for one moment in any state, whether large or small, which pretends to universal freedom. It is truly surprising, that in South Australia, where every emigrant expects to find institutions in some respects more free than even those of his native country , the form of Government should have been suffered to become as perfect a des- potism as that of the Emperor of the North. But theo the extremely limited form of our Council in point of numbers is another most serious objec- tion. What are six or seven men to legislate for a growing community, even if they were independent? There is something exceedingly farcical in the thing as it is. In the present limitation of the Council, select committees on important Bills must be limited indeed. Collective wisdom we cannot expect, where only two or three persons consult ; and when we take into account as before, the entire and absolute de- pendance of these men upon the decisions of another, we must surely suppose in them something more than human to attribute to them the unfettered exercise of their deliberations. How unfit does it seem that the laws and institutions intended for a nation of freemen should be fixed in such a manner as this! We know it will be answered on the opposite side that the form of Government is only temporary, and that its faults will be rectified when we obtain a representative legislature. That it is only tempor- ary we are aware, but we do not admit that it will be an easy matter for a representative constiturion to correct faults which may have become inveterate before we obtain it. Who knows not that errors in the basis of a state, mixing themselves up with its sub- stance, and with the most important part of the very framework of its constitution, cannot often be corrected without agitations, tumults, revolutions,and perhaps bloodshed. In England, excellent as the constitu- tion is, what a work of time, what a struggle of principles and interests, has it been to produce it ? And yet much remains which is heterogeneous and wrong. In South Australia, where we begin afresh every thing relating to the formation and establish- ment of civil society, why might we not have been spared the danger of fundamental errors ? We repeat that we think it one of the strangest thing in the world that the Commissioners, when they sought on this point an amendment of the first Act of Par- liament, were not so mindful of all past history as to foresee the danger into which they were likely to plunge. We must not be supposed to make these remarks in reference to particular parties or to personal charac- ter. No man on earth is fit to be entrusted with the fates of all other men. A large variety of feeling and interests cannot be fairly represented by a single mind or by a very small number of minds. The thing is wrong in itself, and ought speedilv to obtain a revision. For instance-We believe we should be in no dan- ger of having the expenses of the Survey Department upon our shoulders, if the Council were so open as to give scope and security for free and independent delibe- ration. We suppose almost every man in the Colony knows that there is no warrant in law for this imposi- tion; but His Excellency seems to propose it, and he has the power of making a law to authorize it. There is therefore a necessity for an extension of council to protect us from this fundamental kind of mistake. There is no point of liberty dear to us which is not subject to the same jeopardy, or (?) security at present being the good will of His Excellency towards us. We do not imagine that the Commissioners have really designed that we should be burthened with the expenses of the Survey - they could not have im- (?) such an idea without (?) opposition to their own knowledge of right, but it is a strange thing that their want of foresight should have ren- dered it necessary for us to argue this matter at all. We here insert the Reqnisition, a copy of which lies at our office for signature, [we omit the names al- ready attached to it, the list not yet being completed,] and we cannot but express our gratification that our views have been so fully met : -- . To C. B. NEWENHAM, ESQ , Sheriff of the Province of South Australia* Ste,-We, the undersigned, request that you will call á Public Meeting of the Colonists to be held on an early day, for the purpose of considering the propriety of addressing a Mémorial 'töj^the proper authorities in England in reference to the following subjects-I st, the Survey system and Taxation of the Colonists generally for the expenses connected there with, and, 2ndiy, « non-official extension of the Legislative Council. Adelaide, 9:b Dec., 1839. WE observe in the Cosette a notice to the effect that Commissioners of the Police hare been appointed by his Excellency, the Hon. Robert Gouger being their Chairman, and that the ordinary duties of that de partment are to pass under bis daily Superintendence. We are glad that some; bing is to be dime by way of rendering so expensive a protection an efficient one. If the information wë have several times re ceived frota a. Correspondent be correct; there is great need of the utmost vigilance of the Polee to protect persons anti properly. Several instances, according td thé writer, of ^daring robbery, bave recently taken place, committed) as is ^supposed, by disorderly runaways- from the other Colonies. Sup posing these statements correct, our police hare enough to do, besides perambulating the streets on horse back. We hope that the Commissioners will see that they render to the public the due meed of service. WE have great pleasure in stating, that the meeting called to make preparation for inviting his Excel lency to a Dinner, intended to celebrate the opening of this Colcny on the 28tll December inst., on Wed nesday the 4tb instant; pursuant tb notice, and that the greatest cordiality and unanimity prevailed, ft is most gratifying to observe an entire absence of party feeling on such great occasions. The resolu tions will be found among onr advertisements. WE have been favoured with the sight of a private letter addressed on matters of business to a Firm in our town, by a party at Swan River, per schooner Elizabeth, from which we make the following ex tract:— "Our colony is well supplied with all ma nufactured goods, and we are expecting a good harvest. Live stock is much in request ; ewes £5 5s. to £6, heifers £18 each, milch cows £25 to £30, strong useful mares £70 to £90 each." The arrival of the schooner Elizabeth is rather an interesting occurrence, as it is the first vessel we believe which has come to our Port with Swan River produce. We regret to learn by her, however, that two vessels intended for this place with valuable cargoes, and one of them having £4,000 in specie on board to be invested here, had been wrecked. The Elizabeth brings a quantity of Swan River wheat and flour, which we perceive is to be sold by auction today by Mr. Neale. She is consigned to Mr. De Horne. TUE Register observes that the Sydney papers com plain of the irregularity attending the delivery of the Adelaide papers there. We think it necessary to make libe samé remark. Notwithstanding the utmost assiduity on our part in forwarding our papers to the Post Office, we learn that they often fail to arrive at their destination. A gentleman froth the Melbourne Club called on us the other day tu complain that our papers were not sent to order, and was convinced to the contrary by 6ndi->g us actually making up the packets. Now this is extremely provoking. We cannot say precisely who is to blaine in this matter, but we strongly suspect that our Post Office depart \- m**nf is wne atnoog the several matters which demand j a severe re»ision. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE-By an advertisement in another column, our readers will perceive thai Mr. Stevenson will deliver bis third Lecture on Horti culture, at the Baptist Chapel, tliudh.y street, to morrow evening. ROBBERY-A most daring robbery was committed at Mr. Garrett's iron store. Pirie street, on Sa turday night last, when properly of considerate value was carried off, jneludih* Mr. G's cash bux, with securities of considerable value, lt appears that the «trêves effected an entríñete hy undermining the brick work on which thc store is erected, and actually cai ried away among oüiet things a chest of tea. Great hopes are entertained that the robbeis will be discovered. WE are sorry again to report the death by drowning, of a respectable young man in the Torrens, yesterday morning. It appears that the deceased. Thomas P. Palmer, Hair Dresser, of Hindley street, went to bathe in the river, near the house of Mr. Oldham, about nine o'clock yesterday morning, in company with a young man named Walker. The deceased jumped in and sunk in a deep hole in the middle of the river. He rose and called for assistance and went down again and was seen no longer alive. Several of the natives were diving for him, when at length one of them exclaimed "white man here." Several of the divers th n went down and brought him up. Dr. M'Shaen and another attempted for two hours to restore animation by the usual remedies, but were unsuccessful. The young man, we understand, was respectably connected, and was getting a good business. The Inquest will be held to morrow. Correspondent. OK Monday last, pursuant to notice previ ously given, the foundation stone of the Con gregational Church in Freeman street was laid in lite presence ol numerous spectators by the Kev. T. Q. Stow, The service was conducted as follows first, a Hymn was sung, which was followed by prayer offered by the Rev. Mr. Drummond, of the Presbyterian Church. Next followed the peculiarly* appropriate ad dress of Mr. Stow, and the ceremony of lay ing the stone. After which another hymn was sung) and die Rev. Mr. Longbottom concluded with prayer. The service was suitable and solemn. The following was the substance of Mr. Stow's Address i Christian Friends, and Feiloio Colonists Most appropriately are we occupied to-day, as early settlers in a new land. As colonists it is oar proper business to lay foundations. Every day, and in every thing we do« we are laying foundations. It is the occupation of oar lives. tn our very persons and in oar families we are lay ing the foundation of future population and nation ality. On this sentiment poets} have dilated and indulg ed j but it has li tie charm for me, apart from religious considerations and religions Lopes, We may how ever rejoice that We are called upon to extend the boundaries of the human family* not in an age, in which to extend those boundaries, was to extend the range of darkness and wretchedness and crime ; in an age, when to multiply human beings was to fur nish new subjects of woe; new vässa's to oppres-' sion. And new victims to despair ; io aa age when to enc reese mankind, was to deepen the tones of that groan of distress, uttered Jay a creation availing together even until now. We may rejoice that we are called to fake thu parti in an age of hope, and an ago of promise ; when vast meliorations have already passed upon society ; when great improve ments are ¿till going jan ; when the light or science, of liberty and more especially of religion, is fast trav eling from land .Jo land ; and when that calmer, purer^ brighter, happier day, foreseen by the eye of. Ged,aadforetoába,¿>ejlips«f God, «hall «ettie opon tyj»UnaS.; , . rr .*'??.*».»- ? .." r -.J Bot moreover, we are laying tie foundations of support and compétence*» bur living stock oar «fcd agriculture. And as we listen to the bleating* of our first flock« and the lowings of our first herds, we may well raise "Our hearts in thankful admiration of the foresight -and graciousness of that Providence, which for the last half 'century, has been in the sister colonies, preparing for ns tb ose means ofsubsistance, of comfort and of future wealth. "And as we gase with de light upon the enítivated patches reco%ered ftom the wilderness, and exult over the mellbwed crops, evett now waving heavily to the breeze, we may vieil praisê the All Bountiful-, who in these ends^ of the earth is mindful of bis ancient promise, which is ax vital, as genniaant, and as fruitful as ever :-snmoet and winter, seed lime and harvest shall continue to the end of the worîd. We are also laying the foundations of commerce« We are doing this with the mercantile respectability of our province, our opening ports, our projected piers and wharfs, and our multiplying shipping. And we may well rejoice in these facilities and securities for convenience, for comfort and advancement ; these means of connexion- wiih all that is intel* ligent, great or good throughout the whole globe ; and in these promises, not of aggression, conflict and conquest, lint oT fraternal interchange and reci procal benefit with every nation ol the earth. We are likewise laying the foundations of social order. And we are doing tlrts broadly, on the wide basis bf British law. Let us be thankful that we árfe not thrown upon these shores, à disorganised, con fused anarchical multitude, without the presence, the operation and restraints of law, with all the attend : ant miseries of such a slate ; that we have guarantees fbrthe safety of life and property, securities for liberty and right, redress of injuries anet wrongs, as sure ántl as Substantial as if in our father-land. We are laying the foundations of intelligence ; and (br our purpose we have what, without vanity, we may venture to call, the large aggregate of mind and science, inherent in oar yoong community ; bar pri vate libraries, those conservators of a nations mind; our literary and scientific institutions ; our South Australian School Society; our private educa- tional establishments, our domestic training ; our pe riodical literature, wafted to bur shores in every British vessel that enters our parts. It is p'easanf thus to feel that we are not rut off from the world of mind ; that We are not exiles and outcasts from the republic of letters ; that we still bold connexion with the great kingdom of science ; that the mental influ ences of Britaincome upon us vital and fresh as if we were upon her shores. We are also laying the foundations of ecclesiastical polity. And we may congratulate each oth-r that we are not to build apon the antiquated rubbish of : Papal Rome ; nor do we choose that flinty, vitriolic, brittle material-slate enactment in religions things. Nor are we better pleased with that modern expedi ent, fer principle we dare not call it-Stale support to all sects and denominations. This is a compost* ' tion far too soft, and lubricous and deceptious for our ' purpose- Nor may we safely build upon that sandy, shifting, heterogeneous mixture-mere popular choice, whether in the civic or parochial form. We place for our foundation, the genuine freestone, eui from the quarry of divine revelation-the*' willing mind/' the willing mind-the willing mind-t sânctioned, prompted, guided, attempered, by the word and by the spirit of the living God. Episco . paliaos, Presbyterians, Independents, Baptists, Wes leyan?, all may dig al this quarry, and may laise upon this common foundation, though with diversifitd orders and dimensions, and with varied and perhaps unequal taste and skill, yet may they raise goodly and convenient structures, the moral ornaments of the Province, and blessings to the isles of our southern , seas, and even to the continents of the teeming ea~t. But what is more important, and mote perti > nent to the present occasion,-we are laying the foundations ol religion for our community. And for this purpose, we-take the book of God, unadul terated, the gréât guide of our faith and conduct ; , the standing ministry of a pure Gospel ; the or ganization of Christian Churches; the observance of the Sabbath, and ali the ordinances of the Christian ritual ; the religiös? liaising of youth, with the zealous and benevolent efforts of 1 lirisiiar-s to spread the Gospel and benefit the souls of men. But we would not forget that foundations must he laid, more.deep, more close tban this* They must be laid personally, în every man's consci- ncefand every man's heart. We must each lay the founda tion of repentance towards God, and of simple faith in Jesus Christ, as the only way of justification j the love of God shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven ; an obedient princi ple, a holy taste, a spirit of devotion, gracious affections, godly purposes, holy motives-these are the basis of piety in a people. To possess these qualities, is " to lay in a good foundation for the time to come.'1 lt is to be** buüded together an habitation of GoJ through the spirit." It is to build upon "the foundation of the Apostles and Pro« phets. Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone." ft is to build for Eternity. It is to build our house, not on the sand but upon ibe rock, and when the floods shall come and the winds shall blow, and beat upon that house, it shall not fall for it ia founded upon a rock, lisbali last when all human things shall dissolve, when worlds shall crash, and systems fall. Amidst the wreck and ruin of all earthly things it shall stand, the imperishable and everlasting monument of the power and grace and skill of that God that built it. Unless we lay these foundations, in vain is it that any others are laid. In vain is it that the social, the commercial, the intellectual bases are laid, if reli gion be neglected. This is to give stability and grace, end and utility to them all. A people without piety is a people wretched ; a uatiou without God, is a nation lost. Without religion, better that we had never visited these shores-belter far that the untrodden solitudes of these fair portions of the earth had re mained for ever in their loneliness, than that they should be tenanted by a godless people, »ho shall but degrade and pollute them by their vices, theil follies and their crimes. This it is which gives so much importance to out present engagement. How full of interest the pro ceeding of this morning, related as it is to consequen ces vast, delightful -and unending ! Memorable and auspicious hour ! in which we fay the first stone ol an edifice for God, an edifice for the Gospel, an edi fice for the Church, an edifice for couts ! Uer« shall be proclaimed " the glorious gospel of ike blessed God." Here the praises and prayers of the church shall ascend lo God. Here God shall fulfil his condescending promise to be with his assemblée people and manifest his glory; Here believers shall receive gracious visitations-" seasons of ref esh iog from the presence of the Lord"-all chi merical and visionary to the worldling, hut all re alhy and substance and glory to those who have seen and tasted abd handled of the word of life. Here the tears of the penitent shall flow-the hard heart shall break, and pour forth its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the burthened and agitated conscience shall find peace at the sight of the crofs*. Here many sn aching, sorrowing spirit, shall be made to rejoice with joy unspeakable and full «I glory. Here our families shall resort, and be trained for God, and for immortality. Here the youth ol our City shall imbibe principles which shall be their guard amidst the vile and hateful corruptions of the world. And here the aged Christian shall bend his weary steps, and his faded eye sballLhe lighted up with the hopea of that " temple not made wrtfa henos, eternal in the heavens," which he uso soon to enter. Though we thus speak, it is not in. the spirit fef tasa boasting or self-confidence.' We; hfHeve rn&©dî vns believe also in his son lesos Cbtuft f ^ beheíé' ¡h thé Holy Ghost. Hence we exptntÚkcmethftigüítTtói If od otj^van*** ml^tProspr^ WE often wonder at lite quiescence of our Episcopalian fripnds ou the subject of South Australian Marriages. Do |hey fterceive thai they stand quite ss much in need of a Marriage Act as the members of other communions ? We suppose they do not, or they would not appear so satis fied. But in plain truth, if there be, in this province, illegality in marriages per formed hythe Ministers of other denomi nation, there is precisely the same in those performed by ministers of the Church of .England. If authorized registration con stitute Hie validity of marriage, they have no snrer system of registration than others. If they deem the performance of a cere mony necessary to the civil bond of union, these ts no law bere »'hieb places their ceremony on a better footing than the cer emonies practised by other Churches. There is nothing in the Act of Parliment constituting South Australia a British Province that gives to its shores an exten sion of the English law. Consequently, neither the New Marriage and Registra-, tion Acts, nor the prior statute requiring parties to be married in a parish Church, have here any force at all. We have therefore no positive law on the subject, and either all parties are on an equal foot ing, or «ve must suppose the implied foi cc of some law in favour of a particular par« ty. lu England it may be presumed by Churchmen with some degree of reason that the state of the law, if not the consti tution, gives them some degree of superi ority, and we imagine they suppose that, when they come to this country they bring with them the advantage, real or presumed, which they bave possessed at home. But ! where is the authority for this supposi tion ? On the other hand, if all are on an equal footing, the rna;r¡ages of all are either manifestly legal, or doubtful, or positively illegal. We do not think they are illegal, for in the absence of ex press enactment, we must be thrown on some original principle recognised as the foundation of civil usage. Now as mar riage is essential to hun:am society, and therefore was valid prior both to legisla tion and to the existence of ecclesiastical distinction and superiority, and only re quired such proofs of its having been per formed tn some way, as would render it incapable of an evasion and superior to caprice, we conclude that any duty wit nessed and authentically recorded union of a man and woman must be regarded as ^valid. But if the members of the Church of England in this colony are not satis fied with 'this conclusion from the same premises, it will immediately behove them 4o unite with' others in asking His Excel lency foran Actio set the matter at rest ; for assuredly, at present, they caunot shew that they reston a better foundation. Let us have an Act to secure the an then tic registration pf marriages, extended to all parlies alike, and there can be no fur ther uneasiness on the subject. In our number of the 20th November, we expressed a wish to have an Act pass ed " as liberal as the English one. ' There is however one point of illiberal tendency we do not wish to have copied. Let there be no distinction, no advantage whatever, not even in seeming, given to one religious denomination which is not given to all. The presence of the registrar is essential to a dissenting marriaç in England, but not to one performed by a clergyman in a Parish Church. Now this is an invidious distinction, whatever may have been the design of it. If the registrar ought to be preseut, there is the same reason in both cases. If hts attend ance may be dispensed with, why not equally so in every case of marriage where a religious ceremony is performed ? We shall strenuously contend against every thing in this colony which may give one party even the semblance of civil predomi nance over the rest. WE can assure the Register that in the remarks we have made cn the subject pf Taxation, we have not designed to misre present him. We simply did not under stand his meaning ; and now havi ig gained the point we sought, of getting an expla nation of what appeared dubious, we are quite as willing as he that the " wor dy war'* should terminate. We perceive that he is disposed to be somewhat humorous at our expense« He thinks our Editorial experience and our acquain tance with the principles of South Au stralian Colonization not equal to his oun. As we are not very anxious to stand in comparison with any man liv. iug, we shall not spend a thought in con testing this point. The " war" then we drop- if, indeed, we have been engaged tn one-and we will, without " long commenta" simply endeavour to set our Contemporary right on a point or two where, in his turn, be has misunderstood us. Tirst,we are well aware that" .the Com missioner* pretend to and exercise no control whatever over so much of the Colorriaí ©xpenditMre as is defrayed fropjh mtfr^'S^jßipB.., tye have nei ther. saW, ajjftr intimated, any thing of the«ort. IJot this we say, that if our earjendittrrt bi Buch that pur taxation, will not à^fr^y % fcfii mv&timW;* M&tiM; witi***^ ««ri that jibe 4o»ger <w» continue to barrow without r^yattov^ will become, and ia order to pay it off, taxation must be increased in proportion. And we say further, that if this course of things should become invererate.we shall not have to laugh at the consequences. Now, where are we to borrow hut from the Emigration fund ? And who will deny that the control of that fand is in the hands of the Commissioners ? H en ce,by refusing to lend, we suppose they will prevent our getting in debt, and conse quently prevent that heavy taxation of which we believe our Contemporary j as well as ourselves, is afraid« We j I think with him, that we bave no busi ness tobe borrowing sow-but will hoi assure us, as we are anxious to be as sured, that the present rate of expen diture, leaving tile Survey completely out of the question, will not compel us to borrow ? In the next place, we do not see our inconsistency as the Editor of the Register thinks be does. He tells us that while " shuddering at taxation, we maintain the source of it. How so ? We are not taxed, and we hope we never shall be, to pay the cost of the Adelphi Terrace establishment. Neither the Survey department, nor the Commis sioners affairs can, ia the present state of the Law, be a source of taxation in this Colony» In maintaining their utility therefore, we do not maintain the source of ' the evils we complain of. In fine, does the Register, does any friend of the Government really irish us to place "* facts" before the public regarding the multiplication of offices ? We doubt it, and therefore we will for the present refrain. Hut it must not be imagined that therefore we cannot; We only wish that the hints we bave given may be of service to the Government« and through it to the people. *. WITH the view of promoting the for-. *' mation of habits of temperance amongst " the emigrants during the voyage, all in ** toxicating liquors are excluded from the ''ordinary dietary of the "emigrant la "bourers, while care is taken to place at "thedisposal of the Surgeon-Superinten "dent a sufficient supply of wine and " porter, to be supplied at his discretion, " as medical comforts in cases of depres sion or disease."-Commissioners* Re port. What can be better than the above re gulations ? And yet we have reason to believe that in numerous instances the in tention of-the Commissioners is defeated, -either by the unwarrantable interference of the Captains, or by the négligence or indifference of the Surgeons. We are in-¡ formed by emigrants of a recently arrived, vessel, that though there was sickness on board, and several women were confined,; no wine was supplied, and that the | otter was so bad that they were compelled lo discontinue its use. The same paragraph of the Report from which the above is extracted, mentions that a library is always put on boa id fur the use of the emigrants. The same in formants, however, tell us that there was no library whatever in use among them. Weare well aware of much that is in iquitous practised on board these ships. lt is right that the Commissioners should be fully acquainted with the manner in which their instructions, are followed. IN a recent number we made some remarks on a proposed Bill for providing Adelaide with municipal government. We then stated that «ve were glad to believe the government at home were favourable to the object. The Commis sioners' Report, to which we referred last week, contains the following passgae on the subject': As preparatory to the introduction of the constitu tion, «hieb, from the rapid increase of tts population, the Colony of Sontb Australia will, at no distant pe riod be entitled to claim, we venture to recommend to the favourable consideration of your Lordship the expediency of giving «ledi ve municipal institutions to the several towns established, and about to be estab lished, in thc Provine*. The existence or such institu tions, possessing the power ot local taxation for local purposes, appears to be necessary, in order to give effect to the self-supporting principle upon which the Colony has been established. When the fonds for founding a ne« colony, snd for supporting il during the infancy «fais progress, ore advanced by the parent country, the government may apply these fonds to ni'edfnl «roi ks ot local improvement in one district, without injury to others. Bot the case is widely dif ferent in a colony vthi- b receives no aid from the parent country, and in wtiicb the «bole of the sums expended in i s first formation most be charged apon its future resources. Were the Commissioners to raise a loan for opening sewers and constructing ' bridges in Ade'aide, the inhabitants of the present town of Kingscote, and of the projected towns at Encounter Bay and Port Lincoln, on the Lake, and on the Murray, would ultimately be compelled to pay, in proportion to their contributions to (be general ' revenue of the Province, for local improvements, in the advantages of which they could bave no partici pation. In point of fact, the business of supplying the funds required for local improvements, and of dis tributing these fonds in equitable proportions amongst the different districts of an extensive Cotony. becomes a task which a Board of Commissioners residing in this country can scarcely be expected adequately to perform ; nor should we feet ourselves justified, while charged with the responsibility of carrying out the self-supporting principle upon which the Colony is founded, in delegating to th* general government the power of undertaking costly tocal improvements at the expense of the fonds at »ur dispo>al. ' The execaltoc of-local improvements, by local authorities, with their pwp local fonds (a course of proceeding which ex perience bas proved to bo expedient and economical even in this country), appeal* *o be peculiarly re quired in a remote and self-supporting colooy. It is for these reasons, among otbers, we request pennis, sion to submit, for the favourable ' consideration of TOnr Lonlship, the expedNrncv'of'giving to the towns pf Soutb Australia sBrtpieipal institutions conferring ? boa» ~ powers of to^ which are. usually -exercised ta ïbe corporatè towac of tho parent country. " ' W«* wfiold seemnaseaoV thai the Iowas in South Australia respectively, as they acquit* a population of $000, maj* opon application io the Coveror and Council oT the Province, obtain a municipal Consti tution, consisting of a Common Conntil Of at least 15 members, a bodj of Aldermen of at least three mem bers, and a Major ; toe Common Connell to be elected by -the rate-payers, tte Aldermen by the Coancil, and the Mayor by the Alderman, And in order to: counteract the tendency to exasperated party feeling which is sometimes found to exist in small com munities, as well as to make timely provision against the arbitrary power which under popular governments the majority exercise over the minority we would further venture to recommend, that the municipal elections may be so conducted that a majority of the rate payers may not have the power to exclude the minority from returniog their due proportion of mem bers of the Common Council. Ia order t*» accomplish this desirable object, it is proposed that the municipal elections shall be conducted in the following manner : When the number of which the Common Council may consist is determined, and tbe number of electors is ascertained, then the electors shall, by voluntar j classification, form themselves into as many equal electoral sections or qnorums as there are members to I be elected ; and each of these equal quorums shall, I provided they can agree upon a unanimous vote, re torn one «aembei to «be Common Council. By this mode of election, parties wilLbcarthe same propor tion to each other in the Council which they may bear in the elective body. And the minority will be secare of being fairly and fully represented. In whatever aright be the numbers of Common Council-men.to be chosen, IS or 20 or 30, a minority consisting ofa 15th or a SOth or a30;h of the whole electoral quorum, might returns member of their owo jiáriy. A minority sufficient to form two of the equal quorums into which ! the «lectora might be divisible would be able to re turn two members to advocate their principles, and so on. And we would farther recommend, that the Al dermen be elected by the Council in the same manner! that the Council is elected by the rale-pavers ; that the election of Councillors, Aldermen, and Miyor shall take place once in three years, and that the Mayor and Aldermen shall be ex officio magistjates within the municipality." It will be seen here, that not only Adelaide but the various towns which may arise in other parts of the Province, are cared for and recom. mended by the Commissioners to the considera tion of the Secretary of State for the Colonies. It will also be observed that lhere is in this recommendation a much closer approximation : to.the English model than the projected Bill] seems to im pl/. VVhe her the departure from ! the model was intentional or not, we must leave \ to the peison who drew up the sketch. We shah j not at present dwell on particulars,-wre will only remark, that there is something tangible and determinate in the outline here given, so that every one may at once perceive the nature and extent of the powers conferred on the body under the rule of which, we are to be placed. In this respect, at least, the intended Bill cannot stand in comparison with it. The subject of the munictjral Government may be divided into two parts, of which the the one will relate to the constitution itself, or die form of administration, the other to the particular parts of its jurisdiction. With re gard to the former we shall say nothing at pre sent. On Ute latter a few hints may be offered. The proposed corporation ought of course to have under its management those things which are subject to the municipal 'Government of an ¡ English town. Among the various matters under*I its cognizance, will be the state of roads, streets, and public places wi'hin the boundaries of the borough. Another thing which it should con trôlais the police specially appointe J for the protection and order of the borough. Whatever, in fact,ts necessary to the preservation of general peace and safety, and whatever may contribute to public health and comfort, will constitute a proper and legitimate object of its cate. Now, when Adelaide becomes a borough, will the Park Lands be placed within its limits or \ not ? It is at present generally understood that I they belong to the town, and are specially in« tended for the benefit of its inhabitants. \V hen however legislation on (he subject shall become specific, it should be'expressly enacted whether the Park Lands are to be under the management of the municipal body or not. We will however suppose there is no doubt on this point. If the lands are appropriated to the go"d of the town, they ought to be regulated by its laws, and no rival power should be allowed to exist. Then arises the question, whose busi ness it shall be to protect the property of the Park, its trees, its soil, its quarries, &c.; Of course, if the Park be within the municipal boundaries, and subject to the municipal body, that body wi.l be responsible for the protection of all that is upon it. But again, one branch of civic economy is the police, charged specially within its proper limits to keep order, and to prevent depredations. The corporation will doubtless have the government of the police. Here then is a matter of consideration, whether the police, subject to the municipal body, shall not be entrusted with the protection of the Park property, without the necessity of a Govern- \ ment officer, to be paid out of the general re- ' venue of the province. Of what consequence will the property of oar park be to the inhabit- 1 ants of Port Lincoln, or Encounter Bay, or 1 some town on the Murray, that they should be , made to pay for its preservation ? The Park may however be said to belong to ' the public generally, rather than to be peculiarly for the advantage of the .town of Adelaide; and if so, it may be »deemed necessary that an officer should be appointed by Government to superintend it. But will the police be general | as it now is ? And even if the borough shall have its own police, will there not be a general police also ? In either case we see no reason whatever why that body should not be specially charged to take care of the Park. There is a point in connection with the improve ment of the Park Lands, to which we would just advert. We can however at present merely throw out a hint or two. It appears to us that some method should be adopted of rend ering the hanks of the river more available than at present for public use and recreation. What reason is there why gardens, and rows of orange and other trees profitable and ern amen - i tal.should not beautify the banks of the Torrens? We wish profit and recreation to be combined, or rather we would, say, that the recreation we propose will conduce to the highest profit in promoting the general health. Bot merely con sidering the beauty of the walks, we think it will soon be requisite to provide substitutes for j the numerous native trees in a state of decay, and we submit that in such a climate as this the want of foliage will be severely felt if such a substitute be not found. Now we do not- wish to have our taxation in creased hy an expensive mode of accomplishing the object. Tba following plan seems to us more likely to be successful, and. perfectly free from the objection- of being an expense eitiier to the' Government «Vto the munjópaltreas^. m both hanks of &rifer;, Otfoo^Üi« whoki ex tent cf the Park, fee ^îdè<3 into sections« each to be let to respectable persons on a lease, say of seven years, either with or without a nominal rent, on condition thal the ground *|jjf cultivated, planted with trees, and generally beautified, and that the portion of the river im» mtdiately contiguous - be cleared and con-, fined to its proper channel. The cultivation, &c;, should conform toa prescribed rule for the sake of securing uniformity. There should bea public walk a little removed front the banks. The portions cultivated might be devoted to the production of kitchen vegetables or otherwise according to the inclination of the lessee ; and with these vegetables our-market might be fur nished with a constant supply real zing a good profit to the grower. If any lessee were convict ed of neglect in conforming to these -require ments, the lease should be forfeited and the section relet. At the close of the first seven : years the lease should be renewable at the wish of the party holding it, at a yearly rent, and on the same conditions as befóte; and, the rent thus obtained should be applied to the purposes of the municipal government. j Now our reason for introducing this matter at die close of the present article, ts, that ac cording to our. view, when a law is passed to give us a corporate character, this among other im provements ought decidedly to be ptovided for« IT is with great pleasure we point out to our readers an advertisement in- our columns, ap prizing us that the formation of an Insurance Association for this City nod Province is in progress. In our last, we expressed our hope that this would be the case, and we mentioned that we had received information to that effect. We now express our earnest hope, that the gentlemen who are exerting themselves to effect this object, will not be discouraged by public indifference. We call on every one of our Readers who is in possession of destructible property, to come forward with promptitude and support the project. It is one of unques tionable importance. We need not here detail the various points of the Prospectus. The plan will doubtless receive all due consideration prior to being adopted. But promptitude is highly necessary : for two reasons. First, at present there is no security whatever for property, and no means of obtaining it ; so that every man embarked in trade with a small capital, comprising it may be his whole property, may in au hour or less be reduced to utter ruin ; ¿nd the mer chant shipping goods here for any other port, runs a terrible risk of losing their whole value. In th'e.next place, as is observed in the Pros pectus, it is highly necessary to the welfare of the Colony that foreign Agencies should be forestalled. As we are to " support ourselves,*' without foreign contribution, except in the way of trade, we cannot too soon de vise means of retaining within the Colony for our own use, the cash which the aid we might individually receive from foreign associations would withdraw from us. We again then most earnestly urge upon our readers immediate attention to this subject ; they will see on reference to the advertisement, j that the time for the appropriation of shares is i limited. 