DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE | FLORAL AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY The following, is a correct lUt of tim prizes awarded at the lost meeting of the Floral and Hor- ticultural Society. It h:is been (wlitcly forwarded by the Secretary; We thank Ililli-for the crowd was so great at the shotv as to render it impassible to ,give a correct report : . The best Camelia, the large silver medal, to Mr. It Henderson ; Tulip, second ditto, Mr. R. Hen- derson; Ranunculus, third ditto, Amateur; Cape Bulb (Iaeia), copper tea-kettle, Mrs. Orr ; Poly- anthus, ditto, Mr. Joseuli Kenyon. Various prizes «?ere awarded for the folloiving : A zalea, Mr. Thomas ?G. Henderson ; Peoni, Mr.Thomas Shepherd ; Erica, A.B.Spark,Esq.; WhiteMossRowr, Mr. U.S. Green ; Podylyria Capensùe,Amateur; Magnolia,Mr. T. .Shepherd ; Sutlierlandia Frutescens, Amateur ; Cibca Scandant, Amateur; Wallflower, Mr. Knight; Aloe, Amateur; Protea, A. ii. Spark, Esq. The second Tulip, Mr. Kcnyou, senior; Ranun- culus, Amateur; Polyanthus, Mr. Kenyon, senior. The best Daisy, Mr. F. Kenyon; Cowslip. Mr. Kcnyou, senior; Primrose^ Miss Jane Shepherd; Pansies, Mr. Kenyon, senior; Single Anemone, Mr. R- Henderson; Iris Susiarta, Mrs. On; Jonquil, Mr. Kenyon, senior; Polyanthus Nar- cissus, _ Mr. Henderson; Hyacinth, Amateur. Spirixis, Amateur; Lupin, Mr. Baptist; Schi zanthut. Rime Bank; Ncmophila Insignia, ditto ; Geranium, Mc JI. Webb; Boquet, Mr. JJ- S. Xîrccn; Boguet, Mr. Kenyon, senior; Spiuogene Speciusa, A. B. Spark, Ewj. FKUITS-Oranges, Mr. Kenyon, senior ; Apples, ilittu; Strawberries, Mr. Samuel Bird; Medlars, Mr. Kenyon,senior; Oru;wr«,ditto; Pomegranate, ditto; Chilis, Mr.M'Knigfit; Passion Fruit, ditto, VJMETAUU».-Potatoes, Mr. M'Pacreoti; Aspa -ráriu, Mr. Baptút; Potatoes (Kidney), Mr. Mcknight; Cabbage (Drumhead), Mr. Baptist; ' Brocoli, Mr. M»Caity; Cauliflower, Mr. M-Plicr win ; Sea Kail, Mr. M'Curty ; Savoy, Mr. Uuptist. > Second Ur:>cjli, Mr. M<SlH ,' Celery, Mr. Jluptút. .Second Celery, Mr. M'GiH- J'ea.\Mr. Baot¡"t CarrotJ, ditto; Turnip (Swedish), Mr. Sliepheul; , iífJCauia^.Mr.Baiitistj Rhubarb.dttUr, Kepal ' turnip. ditto; Sa/ad", Mr. M'Kmght; itoi/i« ¡ ¿Ling P*l), ditto; £*rly Cubbuge, ditto; /ti,/ B< / ililli, Halft Cie^,Ui ir Wtbli, 1 tcU, Mr Baptist, Horse Radish, ditto, Turnip, Mr M'Knight,Endive Mr M'Gill, Cucumber, Mr Paul Spencer, Chervil, Mi Levien, Mou ¿¿trf, Alt Baptist OnntNfiiON -On Sundm last, Mr John Mason ol the ( hinch Missionar) Institution, New Aeulaiid, » is appointai a deacon, and the Reverend M H Walsh a priest of the Church of * nglaud After tile usual praicrs had been read bj the Reverend G N Vlootld, Al A the Bishop of Austriliu preached ' a sermon, taking his text from the t«cnt)-sc-cond and twcnti third \crscsot the Y\ chapter of St Tohn, "And when he li id sn d this, he btcuthed upon them and siuth unto them lcccnc )e the liol) Ghost whosoever sins )c icnnt the) are remitted unto tin in and \vho«oe\ei sins )e lelain thc\ are ic tamed ' 1 lie puncipil points upon which Ins Loid slup dnelt «as the apostolical succession of tile niinistri of the Church ol rjtigluiid,thc now er, duties, and nuthoriti of tin iiiuiisti), and the. ilineicnee between confession and alts ¡lull m tes pi îetiscd in the Cliuich ol longland, nml iiuneultir confession and niiiusteriiil ¡ibsoluli ni Aftei the seimon the Bishop took his seat at the altin, when the Rcierend XX Cn« per, the scmoi ch iplnm in the ( olom, presented the candidates to his Lordship and lertilted ut the usiml nmnner, that he lind examined und found them quulilicd for the oflicc of the niniistii Alter tim had ans« el ed the usual qui slims the nindi dates were ordiiincd, his Loulship IIUIIL, ass sled in the imposition of hinds 1>\ the Iles ii end Akssrs XX'ood Al V and Al >r>c, M A The lust named gen tletiiuii «ho turned fioni jMiglind n fe s ila) s ago b) the lady Raffia, is to be stnti incd tit lum mein Ntw /FILASU-There can be no doubt that scierai partions ot the coast of New Zealand will very shortlv lune settlement!, formed upon them, mid the tindo «ill, íes u mittet ot course lie greatly increased There are ni j,ood charts of the «hole of the co ist ol New /calami, mid although the militéis ot most of the S)dnc) ninds tridiutr. to Kew Zealand mc well acquainted »itlt the co ist, the masters of 1 liglish vissds cannot be cx|>cctcd to be, and consequently there «ill IK. gie it nsk ni the I uaugution ol then vessels. Undei these cucum stances «c trust that the government here will com municaU with the Adiuiialty upon the sub|ecl in order that stc|is nias be taken to have the whole of the coast of New Zealand mil the adjoining islands full) survoed This is neccssar), not so much for the sufeti ol Colonial ILS of Ltiglisli nsscls, and con scqucntl} it is the duty of Lloyd's agent here to conimunicuto with his prmcipils ii|x>n the subject DHUVMHDS.-In the olden times of the CJIOIII it «tes nothing uncommon lo hear of one of the Ilawkcsbuii settlers coming to Sjtlne) with a load of produce and before he left Sidney dunking the salue of the lo id, selling Ins dru) and team of bullocks and occasional!) moitgagmg his farm, lulling hunselt, m lact, almost mnnilcss. Drunken vagabonds, as mini of the small se tiers still are, we hail no idea that the) cut tied their diunkcniicss to the sime citent at present, but fi oin circumstances that occtisi mull) become public wi fen that some of them arc little bettci than the) usid to be and )ct these arc the people« ho ask the public to supph them is ith seed wheat and enter into subscript! ins foi their relief it the seisms are uni iioumblc In an action tried liest «eck, m the Supreme Court, it «as proved that one ot these gentri named Lah), in less than a month, ran up a public house score of ?120 This mun, «ho is ion illiterate, mid in Inland «us cvidentl) ni Die lowest walk of life drank nothing but ' Cliainpugne or «me," and used to lu)-a-bed all duv ami dunk nil night Aftei this mau had been tfunking for about a month he signed a n ite toi £130 «Inch the iction alluded to «as brought to recoser the amount of, but in conse- quence of the state in which Lah) was «hen he signed the nolc, Air Justice XVillis held that it «as fraudulent and the ass ssors lound a leidiet foi the détendant Aftei Lahy's 'spree at Bathurst was at an ind, he returned to his faun aliout twent) miles f i oin the township and g-nc his men a "spree, tu which he shit out it his sen nits named tames li) an, t a whu li he stood his tri ii for murder in the Supreme Court, but us seicml witnesses swore that li) m struik at Laliy with a |MiImg, and was about repealing the blow when Lah) shot lum, and in corroborition produced a billet of wood about six feet long, sit inches In oad and three inches thick, which it was alleged li)an hid in his hand, the jurv acquitted lum One of the witnesses in the case lost week stated that Lally »as "nu old pmc titionei at Bathurst,' and often melted il% If Mr Lahy is to be taken as the representative of the Bathurst old settlers, they would appear to be for nudtible rivals to their prototypes the Hawkesbury settlers. DHJITOR S LAW -The follow ing are the provisions of the Bills tor amending the laws of debtor and rrcdttoi now heGirc thft Ciiumjl._T|\cJfc:rl^cftt|irli$ eept in certain c eses in civil actions in New South XViiles and the dependencies theicof " which pro. vide s that no person shall be arrested upon mesilc process in any cn ii action except it be shown to the satisfaction of n judge that he is about to remoic out ol the jurisdiction of the Court, or ab- scond to some place beiond the limits ot location, when the judge may order lum to he arrested and held to bail After the «nest the person ma) apply to a judge for a mle calling upon the plnintilt to shew cause why he should not be discharged, and the judge is to make such order as he ni i) sec fit an) prisoner in custody upon mesne process at the pass- ing ot the act Js to be discharged upon uitciinga common appearance The second Lil 11 upon the same subject is entitled "A Bill tor extending tile remedies of creditors against the propert) of debtors in Vcw South XVales and the dependencies thereof," and provides that the Sheriff ma), under a writ of fieri facias, seize any monc), bank notes, cheques, bills of exchange, pronussary notes, bonds, specialties, or other securities, tor money belonging to the person against whom the writ is issued, and the Sherifr may sue for the recovery of any sum secured therein, and the Shcnfl's receipt shall be a sufficient discharge, and if utter paying the judgment creditor and ex- pends there is any balance left in the hands of the Shcrifl, it is to be paid to the party against whom the writ was issued Stock and shares in banks oi public companies, belonging to a debtoi, may, upon the application ol a judgment crcditoi to u judge, be chaigcd with the payment of the debt, this order, to be made in the first instance c rparU,and on notice to the company or bank to uct as a duli m gas, if any judgment creditor who shall haic detained any charge oi be entitled to the benefit of any security, shall, before the property so charged or secured shall have been con vetted into money, cause the person ol' the judgment debtor to be lodged in gaol, he shall perfect all claim to the security so charged, all remedies given by the not lo judgment creditors, arc given to persons to whom any money is ordered to be paid by the Supreme Court, by any order or de- cree, cither in commun h»w or m equity These provisions arc only temporal i, and the committee nave recommended the Council to take the bills (known as judge Uurtou's bills), into their consider- ation next year The clauses ot the last bill are al- most copied from the clauses of the1 Insolicut Act passed in Fiigland last )car The bills come before the Council to-day BUILDING GKOUVD-There is actual distress in Sydney, at the present time, tor want of houses the meanest place that ti decent billilly can shelter them selves m bunging £100 to £150 per year, while small cottages lit toi mechanics aie not to be had-there are nous Under these circumstances the govern- ment should sell the land on Church Hill, which is marked out foi a crescent, as soon as possible, and there is doubt that it would fetch icry high prices, higher than it will it it is kept for a year or two, when the ground m the domain and the new streets m the neighbourhood ure open tor sale The cres- cent will be a great ornament to the town, and will have a very fine appcanuicc trom George street when St Philip's church is removed to the crest of the lull in the centre of the crescent, and the whole space below is thrown open The government has some ground also in the ucighboui hood of Cal ters' bar- racks, some ot which it would be well to put up by auction in small allotments, because, being outside the bouuds within which the Building Act is in force, small wcalberboardcd cottages, to let at from six to ten shillings a week could be run up, and the want of them is compelling many families to reside in the same houses in a mannci that must in summer be highly injurious to the health of the inhabitants generally SCHOOL OF ARTS.-XVe have a l<jngthy abstract of Air Saunders' lecture on Paleography m tyne which wc have been obliged to postpone On 1'ridoy evening Air Boners will deliver a lecture on painting TREASURY BILLS.-XVe understand that Tenders were accepted tor Treasury Bills to the amount of between «¿¿,000 and SlAfXO, the highest rate of premium being 4J per cent, and the lowest 3 per cent SupfUME COURT.-There have been no cases of public importance before the Supreme Court this week Docs-Persons residing in Sydney and other towns to which the Dog Act applies, should remem- ber that this is the season tor registcting their dogs at the diftcrcnt police offices. XVe understand that the government are about carr) uig into elleet a suggestion mode in Council by Mr Jones a lew days since, by making parties leas- ing land trom government jxty the rent m advance 