MILITARY TACTICS. BY -LIEUTENANT-COLONEL MITCHELL, H. P. Charge of Cavalry. — It is no doubt a splendid sight, when bugle sound and trumpet clang send onward to the charges gallant line of horse men ; their plumes wave, their sabres gleam, the very. earth is shaken by the thunder of their horses' hoofs, and like the tornado in its pro gress, they seem destined to carry everything before them in their way. But the infantry to be attacked is prepared; the close and serried mass, bristling with arms, from which the fires of death are every moment expected to flash, is imposing; and the motionless stillness, with which tried soldiers wait the attack, has an air of stern and confident resolve that is chilling to ordinary assailants. The horsemen, not expect ing to succeed, see only death before them ; and busy fancy pictures at such times, even to the most wretched, stores of future happiness about to be sacrificed in a hopeless contest. The heart cools, and the speed is gradually slackened, in stead of being augmented as the charge advances. If the dread of dishonour still keeps the men from turning back, the belief in certain destruc tion also prevents them from going on ; but the middle way, so dear to mediocrity, whether of talent or courage, is at hand, and no sooner does the firing begin than the whole of the plume-crested troop, vanquished before a shot has told, open to the right and left— fly, with brandished sabres, in wild confusion round the squares, instead of rushing down upon it— receive the fire of four sides, to avoid the fire of one, and, without striking a single blow for victory, resign, with loss and disgrace, a con test that, by courage and confidence, might have been successfully terminated at the expense of a few bayonet scratches. I appeal to the officers who were present in the squares at Waterloo, Quatre-brass, and Guinaldo, to those, I mean, whose clearness of mind and tranquillity of imagination allowed them to see what their visual organs actually presented to them — for there are many brave and conscientious men who see only what they are told to see, or what they think they ought to see — whether this is not an exact history of the best of the charges made by the French cavalry in those memorable actions. I say the best charges, for on many occasions the horsemen actually halted, or turned, as soon as the fire began, leaving a few individuals to dash forward and shake their sabres at the adversaries with whom they dared not close. And yet this is called charging, and by such foolery is the power of the cavalry to be estimated, and the infantry of England, the gallant and the brave, must still trust for victory only to the chance of similar conduct on the part of future foes, instead of trusting to those high qualities that, backed by an efficient system of tactics, would ensure them success in every species of contest. Charge with the Bayonet. — The bayonet may, in full truth, be termed the grand mystifier of modern tactics. We here appeal publicly to the most experienced officers of the army, to those who fought, as many really did, in Egypt, the Peninsula, and at Waterloo, and ask whether any one of them ever beheld a bayonet contest ? Did they ever, in field or breach, on plain or rampart; behold men thrust, and counter-thrust at each other with their bayonets? That in some scrambling attack of works, or some hasty flight out of works or villages, a soldier may, perhaps, have been killed or wounded is possible ; but to suppose that soldiers ever rushed into close com bat armed only with bayonets, is an absurdity — it never happened, and never can happen. Mus ket-balls have brought thousands and thousands of men to the ground, because hundreds of thou sands of shots are fired on every occasion ; round and grape have also helped to irrigate the thirsty earth with the blood of her children ; the sabres of the cavalry have occasionally dealt efficient blows, and the spears of the lancers may at time have overtaken some wretched fugitive, who had not sufficient courage to face so paltry a weapon but the bayonet shines in virgin brightness, hailed as the victor of every field and yet undimmed by the blood of fighting men. It is the arm, par excellence, of an age that wins battles by the force of intellect, by the pressure of a fore- finger, and by the bloodless display of this Mesmerian arm, before which the heads of the mighty are bowed to the dust, and the backs of the fierce turned to hasty and ignominious flight. That men have fled before our bayonets, proves no thing. The science of tactics, rendered necessary, in order to curb the evil propensities of mankind, can rest with safety on the sad and melancholy power of destruction alone. The effects produced on the imagination can never be relieved upon ; because the effect produced one day may not follow on the next. The French cavalry generally stood the charge of the British ; why then should the infantry always be expected to run away? And what would have been the consequence, if, in some of the headlong attacks made by British Infantry upon vastly superior numbers, they had come against foes provided with efficient arms, well-skilled in the use of such arms, and closing as boldly as the French cavalry generally did ? If, by good fortune, this has not yet happened, it may happen, and should, therefore, be pro vided against ; for military history is little more than ,a succession of delusions dispelled by disasters. A French lady, named Dangeville, said to be a sister of the Deputy for the Department of the Acin, ascended to the summit of Mont Blanc on the 4th September. She quitted the valley of Chamouni on the 3rd at an early hour in the morning, slept at the Grand Mulcts, and reached her perilous destination at twelve o'clock on the 4th, She remained on the summit of the moun tain for about an hour, wrote some notes, and drank a health to the Count 'de Paris, The guides by whom she was accompanied spoke in the highest terms of her courage, perseverance, and presence of mind, and the cheerfulness with which she encouraged them, chatting and joking with them during the entire of the ascent. Pre viously to .this successful trip the feat had been accomplished only by one female, a peasant of Chamouni, who on reaching the grand plateau, became exhausted with fatigue, and was carried by force to the summit. Madamoiselle Dange ville, on her return to Cltamouni on ,the morn ing of the 5th, was received with the utmost enthusiasm by the inhabitants, who. proceeded to meet her, and fired salutes of cannon in honour of her exploit.- -Times, Extraordinary Accident.— A powder-mill, near St. Gall, in Switzerland, was recently blown up, and eleven persons killed' by the explosion. This sad accident is supposed to have been oc casioned by some boys throwing stones at the mill from an: eminence which commanded it, some of which may have struck on a nail and produced sparks. The Circassians' Respect for Age. — The man enfeebled by declining years, instead of becoming an object of scorn and contempt to thoughtless youth, as is, unhappily, too often seen in Europe, is here respected and venerated by all classes of society. Wherever he moves, the crowd opens a path to his progress-; all the little attentions that a kind people are capable of exercising are certain to be his. In the warmest corner of the fire is assigned — -in summer, his cushion is arranged under the shade of the veranda, while the beautiful hands of his lovely daughter are employed in fanning away the insects that might disturb his repose ; presents of sweet meats, and all the little delicacies usually given to children in other countries, are bestowed upon him. In fact, they act fully up to their own proverb — " Doubly accursed -is the man that draweth down upon himself the curse of the aged." With regard to the respect paid to women, I have frequently seen the gallant chief of thousands of warriors descend from his charger, and place on it some lonely damsel who might be trudging along through the deep valleys to visit a distant friend, and protect her safely to the next hamlet. — Spencer's Travels in Western Caucasus. Tub Finale to a Courtship. — " Flora — ah ! dearest Flora — I am come — ah! Flora — I am come to — oh ! you can decide my fate — I am come, my Flora— ah 1" " I see you, Malcom, perfectly. You are 'come to tell me— interesting intellieence, certainly. Well, what next?" "Oh, Flora 1 1 am to — to To offer me your heart and hand, 1 suppose?" " i es. " Well, do it like a man, if you can, and not like a monkey." " Plague take your self-possession !" exclaimed I, suddenly starting up from ray knee, upon which I had fallen in attitude that might have won the approval of even Madame de Maillaird Fraser; "you make me ashamed of myself." " Proceed, sir," said Flora. " You like brevity, it would seem !" " Yes," said Flora. "Then- will you marry me?" "Yes." "Will you give me a kiss?" " You may take one."' I got the profered kiss. " Now, tint is going to work rationally," said Flora ; " when a thing's to be said, why may it not be said in two seconds, instead of stuttering and stammering two hours about it?' Oh, how cordially do I hale all niaiseries!'' exclaimed the merry maiden, clasp ing her hands energetically. " Well, then," said I, " humbug apart, what day shall we fix for our marriage?" — The Wife Hunter, S,c. by D. I. Moriarty, Esq. To Prevent Infection. — Take of rue, wormwood, sage, lavender, mint, and rosemary, of each one handful, put them altogether with a gallon of the best vinegar, into a stone jar, wdll covered over, and let them stand within the warmth of a fire, to infuse for eight days, then strain it, and to each quart bottle put three quarters of an ounce of camphor. The camphor should be dissolved in a little spirits of wine before it is put in the bottles. Rub the temples and loins, and carry a sponge which has been dipped in it, that it may be stnelled to pretty often. The above recipe is called the Thieves Vinegar, (it is known in France as The Vinaiare de s quutres voleurs) it having been used by those who plundered the dead and dying in of the great plagues abroad. This circumstance the criminals acknowledged to their confessor pre vious to their execution. Catherine de Medicis. — When the infamous Catherine of Medicis had persuaded Charles IX. of France to massacre all the Protestauis in the kingdom, that detestable Prince sent orders to the Governors of the different provinces, to put all the Ilugonots to death in their respective districts : — " Sire," answered one Catholic Go vernor, who will ever be dear to humanity, " I have too much respect for your Majesty not to persuade myself that the order I have received must be forged; but if, which God forbid, it should be really your Majesty's order, I have loo much respect for your Majesty to obey it." A Wise Pope. — It is told of Pope Innocent VIII., that during his pontificate a book was published, vehemently arraigning the conduct of the Court of Rome. The Pope called a council of his Cardinals, and read to them some passages out of the author; adding these remarkable words, ' This book speaks truth, therefore we ought immediately to reform ourselves in order to make this fellow a liar." " Done!" — A man, in the dress of a work man, was lately walking in the streets of Berlin with a packet in his hand, sealed witli fire seals, and inscribed with an address, and a note that it contained 160 thalers in treasury bills. As the bearer appeared to be at a loss, he was accosted by a passenger, who asked him whom he was looking for ? The simple countryman placed the packet in the inquirer's hands, and requested he would read the address. The reply was made as with an agreeable surprise — " Why, this letter is for me; I have been expecting it a long while!" Tlie messenger upon this demanded ten thalers for the. carriage of the packet, which was readily paid, with a liberal addition to the porter. The new possessor of the packet hastened to an obscure comer to examine his prize, but, on breaking the seals, found nothing but a few sheets of blank paper, on which were written " Done I" — German Paper. A Liberal.— -On a board which appears on the grounds of a liberal M.P., not a hundred miles from Tring, is the following emphatic and peremptory caution : — " Whoever is found tres passing on these grouods will be shot dead with out further notice." Guilt, though it may attain temporal splendour, can never confer real happiness. The evil con sequences of our crimes long survive their com mission, and like the ghosts of the murdered, ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtue; though seldom those of worldly great ness, are always those of pleasantne? and peace. Pedigree.— The Duke de Feltre. when sent ambassador to Florence, busied himself with in- 'quiries into Bonaparte's pedigree, to which the latter put a stop by snying, " 1 am lite first of my family." And to the Emperor of Austria, who at the time of his marriage with his daughter, set the heralds at wprk to trace his genealogy to the old Italian nobility, he answered much in the same spirit, that " lie would. rather be the son- of a peasant, than descended from any of the petty tyrants of Italy." Natural History of Shakspeare's Plays. — Mr. Patterson, in his Letters on the Natural History of the Insects mentioned in Shakspeare s Plays, says — " I was led to examine the plays of Shakspear with respect to the notices of natural objects which they contain, and I soon found, that these notices were much tnore numerous- than I had expected. I transcribed the passages containing them, under the several heads. which naturalists have adopted in their classifications ; and found, to my surprise, that they occupied one hundred closely written pages of letter paper. Of these, twenty- two pages related to the mam malia; sixteen/to birds; nine to reptiles and fishes; two to shells and minerals; nine to insects; thirteen to trees, flowers, and fruits.; and, twenty- nine to those ever-varying features which mark the. progress of the seasons, or. depict, S9m,e of the countless phenomena of nature, , Whakample materials for investigation those extracts would afford ; and. Veir,' elucidation-, wopld, place in juxtaposition the stated ol -natural science iiqw, and at jthe trauuted era of Queen Elizabeth." ' 