Enlfu iSt Extracti. THE THEATRES. From the SacTATron, Ja,.u sry 19. Tae little Olympic is itself again. The m?istress of the revels returned on Wednes. 'day, and found her houre filled to overflow inog wi it friends, who hailed her reappear once with shouts of welcome that seemed as if they would never cease, and were renewed every time she came on the staege .Vserars must have felt compensated for all her American annoyances, in meeting once ngain " the old familiar faces." She lo,k ed well, but thinner than before; and was "of course in high spirits : the sight of her box list, including half the peerage, would be n restoraitive. The crowds that blocked up IVych Street before the opening of the doors would have filled two Olympics; and those who came to the boxes without having taken places considered themselves fortunate in getting a sight of the stagne front the lobbies. The new burlesque of Bluebeard is very pleassanly written, in verse; the puns and slang phrases told well with an audience predisposed to be pleased; and every al lusion to the returd of VESTRIS was eagerly applauded. The costumes are more su perbly correct, and the scenic arrangements more complete, than at any theatre in Lon don. Bluebeard, though retaining all his awful attributes of beard,wives, and scimi tar, in flourishing condition, is a Turk no longer, and deposed from the elephantine state to which GEORGE COLMAN elevated him. He is restored to his native country. Brittany; and wears the costume of his age-the fifteenth century : the tunic and aoe, long pointed shoes. and cap with streaming drapery, are picturesque sub stitutes for the flowing robes and majestic turban; and the scimitar, though not of Oriental symmetry, is a no less formidable weapon. BLAND makes a magnificent and bashaw-like wife-slayer, and proposes for Fatima to the tune of his own march, with a burden of " tol-de- rol-lol" in a style of peremptory impotence eminently ludicrous. VESTRIS is Fatima, of course : and beauti ful she looks in her bridal dress of Tudor fashion. Her blue bearded bridegroom. Mr. Abomelique, being called away in the middle of the dejeuner dansant, she and 'sister Anne," and the whole train of guests and pages, set off to explore the house, to the nursery-air of 'Goosey, goosey gander ' The bride, however, enters the fatal 'blue chamber' alone ; and there instead of the ghastly trophies described in the story, thel nineteen wives of Bluebeard are arranged, each with her head under her arm; and they kindly invite Fatima to join them and make up the score, the heads suiting the action to the word as they join in choru to the tune of 'We're a' nodding.' The key turns blue as its master's beard ; and he looks bluer than either. when, after an interview parodying the handkerchief scene in Othello, the trembling Fatima gives is up' to him. While the bridegroom is whetting his scimitar, and the bride is writing to her friends,' sister Anne is on the turret looking out for her 'two brothers in the Light Dragoons ;' who are expected by the railroad, but, owing to the train getting off the line, 'are rather late: they come running in, however, in time to run through Bluebeard, and the scimitar falls without the lady's head. Bluebeard is not killed though--only 'run through his clothes:' this is fortunate, for Vestris says she hopes 'to run him through the season' of which there can be little doubt. Brougham, as O'Shack-a-back, the Irish porter, is as brisk as Dublin stout ; Mrs Franks is a very proper Sister Anne ; and Miss Agnes Taylor sings a song as pretty as herself. Se newest wonder at the Adelphi and greatesl, (the elephant escepted) is tthe tant-to, paItehOard structure of mnanlk d[ raisedl shoe, but a tona fide flesh nnd Sod liae , his own two feet taller than dinary n orfals. The Giant of Pales'ine uite aslextraordinary as the Gunome Fly, \- reache as sub:inme a height Hervio lto, thbedwarf, crawled along the pro un-u ll?donsiur Bihin, the giasnt.seems danger of knocking his hernd against it; ý Fly flew over the chasm in the stage rGiatnt fiight stride across it, or spake a bridge of his body for people to pass over. Monsieur Bihin is not a man run to seed-his bulk is pIroportioned to his height ; and his prowess gives proof that his display of muscle is not assumed ; his heed seemed to us rather rma'l for his body-hbut that may be only the effect o' viewing it in pierspective. Ya''es looks up to him; and be is certainly tall enou.4h to be the prop of the theatre. In fighting with his adversaries, he liter ally " stoops to conquer;" when he surprises Mr' Keeley by coming behind her, she turn round, 'and sees-n,)t a face, but a girdle ; and looking u,', and up, at last catches at glimpse of a head in the clouds, making a noise she took for thunder ! But we are forgetting the piece itself while gazing at its stupend'.us here. The dramatist, feeling that people would not be reconcdled to the notion that such a prodigy was of mortal birth, has repre seoted him as the work of an enchanter; and 0. Smith fitly presides over his" crea tion." The Giant first appears as a colas a statue on a pedestal, (needless elevation !) wielding a scimitar, like the blade of a scithe ; he is then seen towering above the Puaynim host " proudly eminent;" and he stands on the top of a hill, in glittering ar moor, like an icy peak of the Alps scattering his assailants with as much ease as if he flung about stones instead of men ; and in the last scene, where he vanquishes single-banded twelve athle m at once, the dog Billy antong the rats never did greater execution-we really felt for the poor fel lows tossed up and dashed on the ground. By the way. the grim Saracen would look still more if .ri,.idabl' were he to hide his smooth, short crop of hair,beneath a tan;led ihass of flowing locks. Notwithstanding Godfrey of B uillon Childe Roland, and the enchantress Aromida figure in the drama.-which is taken from, no meaner source than Tasso, though pro. perly disguised so as to escape recognition, -we quite overlooked the ordinary-mortals, being wholly absorbed in the contenilpla tiona of the supernatural personage: even the fair Armida failed to fascinate, though in order to place her on a level with the giant she was brought in upon men's shoulders. As nothing short" of magic influence could lay such a hero low, he dies of a wound by an enchanted javelin. so fine that he does not feel it, but reqltires "' the cue" to give up the ghost ; and ats he lies, the playbills that announce him to be eight feet high seem to speak truth. The Giant ought to draw houses-he is strong enough. Waat an improvement this is on the old state of things! Formerly, indivi duals who happened to be above or below the ordinary stature were doomind to per petual incarceration in a locomotive prison -if a giant, 'cabin'd, cribb'b, confined,' in a caravan not high enough to stand upright in, and where he must sleetp doubled up ; if a dwarf, hung on high to take the air in a cage, to which Gulliver's box was a saloon —now they are made heroes to whom the finest performers are fain to play second fiddle, and receive the applause of crowded theatres, instead of being stared at by gaping clowns at a country fair. So long as nature indulges in these freaks of fancy, the stage will never be at a loss for 'stars.' If Daniel Lambert had lived in the present day, he would have been brought out in a blaze of red fire at the Adelphi, in an 'Apo theosis of Falstaff,' or the 'Fat Boy grown to Manhood.' 