The Blessings of a Married Clergy. By a Protestant Divine. " To speak freely, I know nothing that has brought so great a reproach upon the Church of England as the avarice and ambition of our bishops. Chandler, Bishop of Durham; Willis, Bishop of Winchester; Potter, Archbishop of Canterbury; Gibson and Sherlock, Bishops of London; all died shamefully rich; some of them worth more than £100,000. I must add to these my old antagonist, Gilbert, predecessor to Drummond, the present Archbishop of York. Some of these Prelates were esteemed great divines, and I know they were learned men; but they could not be called good Christians, the great wealth which they heaped up, the fruits of their Bishopricks, and which they left to enrich their families, was not their own, it was due to God, to the Church, and to their poor brethren :--the history of the good Sama- ritan ought to be their monitory. I knew Burnett, Bishop of Salisbury--he was a furious party man, and easily imposed upon by any lying spirit of his own faction; but he was a better pastor than any man who is now seated on the Bishop's bench; he always declared that he should think himself guilty of the greatest crime if he were to raise fortunes for his chil- dren out of the revenue of his bishoprick. In the epistle, which is read at the consecration of our bishops, it is required of them, amongst other injunctions, that they should be given to hospitality-- not given to filthy lucre--not covetous; they likewise SOLEMNLY PROMISE to assist the indigent and all strangers who are destitute of help. ' It was no small misfortune to the cause of Christianity in this kingdom, that when we reformed from popery, our Clergyy were per- mitted to marry--from that poriol, their only care was to provide for their wives and children. This, the dignitaries who had ample revenues, could easily effect, with the loss, however, of that respect and veneration which they formerly received on account of their hospi lity and charities; but the greatest part of the inferior Clergy, were. ncapable of making a provision for sons and daughters, and soon left families of beggars in every part of the kingdom. I do not enquire whether chastity ought to be re- quisite an those who are ordained to serve at the altar, but I cannot help observing, that our government makes no difforence between a bishop's wife, ad his concubine ; the wife has no place or precedence--she does not share in her husband's honours. Moreover, as ain Aca- demician, and a friend to the republic of letters, I have often wished that the Canons, which for- bid priests to marry were now in force; to the celibacy of the bishops we owe almost all those. noble foundations which are established in both our universities, but since the Reformation, we can boast of few of the episcopal order as bene- factors to those seats of learning. The munifi- cent donations of Laud and Sheldaw in the last century will indeed be ever remembered; but let it be likewise remembered, that these two prelates were unmarried. Since the com- mencement of the present century, I do not recollect one of our Right Reverends who ought to be recommended, as an eminent patron of learning, a learned man; but this will not ap- pear wonderful, if we consider by what spirit they were dignified haud equidem Spiritu Sanc- to. And yet in the consecration of their Conge d'elire bishops, they are said to be called to this work by the Holy Ghost, and in their an- swer to the Archbishops, they seem to affirm it of themselves."--Political and Literary Anec- dotes, of his own times, by Dr. Wm. King, Principal of St. Mary's, Oxford College, Lon- don. P. P. 129, 130. Murray, 1812.. 