SlllllSllll Reasons Jor subscribing to the XXXIX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland; her Creeds and Confessions of Faith. - —By A Layman. Written for Tuz "Sydney "Standard: Article XXVII. Continued. Baptismal Regeneration. I am perfectly aware that a diversity of opinion is prevalent in the Anglican Church respecting the doctrine of regeneration — bishops, priests, and deacons, are divided, and most essentially so. Hieh Churchmen, many of whom are little better than Papists is disguise, ascribe to the sacramental baptism, as administered to infants, all that is requisite. True Churchmen 1 as contradistinguished from High Churchmen, taking scripture and sanctified reason for iheir guide, ascribe to infant baptism all the advantages and blessings attendant on the faithful perform ance of God's command. Spiritual baptism, or that circumcision of the heart, as St. Paul forci bly expresses it, pre-supposes several material points; first, a belief in revelation — belief is an as«ent of the mind to a proposition, upon which the reasoning faculty is exercised ; secondly, the party believing in revelation must feel sensibly impressed with his own sinfulness ; and, third, lie must feel as sensibly the necessity for holiness ; but before he can effeciually acknowledge a desire for holiness, he must feel not only that he is not lioly, but that of his own strength he cannot be come holy, and this will lead him to seek after holiness, or for that change of heait which is wrought in man by the work of the Holy Ghost, and this work is very frequently progressing un- perceived by the party acted upon ; but until our utter helplessness and dependance upon spititual support is actively felt, and fully compre-, hended, regeneration is incomplete. It is quite possible for the understanding to be fully con vinced of the truth of a proposition, and for the heart to be still unchanged and uninfluenced by the conviction of the understanding ; but it is not 7 ossible for the heart to feel this conviction and the understanding to remain unchanged or un enlightened. Man does not ask assistance from man, unless he feels that he requires as sistance, and man cannot ask God lorenew a right spirit within him unless he feels the necessity; consequently, that thorough rege neration, or new birth, of which our Saviour speaks, and upon which his inspired apostles built so much of their doctrinal arguments, must be a process acting upon our reasoning faculties — faculties which, though existing in the infant, are nevertheless inoperative or dormant. They, and . " They (only) that receive baptism rightly are grafted into the Church of Christ,'"— to them is the promise " of forgivenness of sin, and of adoption to be the sons of God." But this affords no grounds of objection to infant baptism. The infant must derive spiritual advantage from baptism, for the infant, though sinless with re spect to thought and action, is nevertheless bom of sinfnl parents, and inherits a sinful nature ; and to cleanse that nature, I presume, or rather to place the possessor of that nature within the pale of the covenanted blessings of the gospel, it is an appointed means, and as such, doubtless, conveys to the infant recipient an appointed blessing. Article XXVIII. Of the Lord's Supper. The Supper of the Lord is not only a sign of the love that Christians ought to have among themselves one to another, but rather is a sacra- meat of our redemption by Christ's death, inso much that to such as rightly, worthily, and with faith receive the same, the bread which we break is a pas taking of the body of Christ ; and, likewise, the cup of blessing is a partaking of the blood of Christ. Transubstantiation ( or the change of the sub stance of bread and wine ) in the Supper of the Lord, cannot be proved by-holy writ ; but is re pugnant to the plain words of scripture, over- throuxth the nature of a sacrament, and hath given occasion to muny superstitions. The body is given, taken, and eaten in the Supper only after un heavenly and spiritual man ner ; and the mean whereby the body of Christ, is received and eaten in the Supper is faith. Tlie sacrament of the Lord's Supper was not by Christ's ordinance reserved , carried about, lifted up, or worshipped. Every one familiar with the contents of the New Testament, or with the four first books, must be aware of the mode or manner in which the'sacrament of the Lord's Supper was instituted. I shall very briefly allude to the Popish doctrine ..on this point, its absurdity, to say nothing of its impious tendency, is so self evident, that it would be a waste of words to dilate at length upon it. It does violence to reason, because it supposes a thing to be which is not, and that which is not, to be; that is to say, it is matter at one moment and cot matter the next. When the priest first takes the bit of baked paste into bis hands, it is baked paste, but as soon as he has uttered a few unheard sentences, it ceases to be a bit of baked paste, and is transformed into the body, blood, soul, and deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. It does not, according to the Popish creed, represent the risen ryid glorified body of the blessed Re deemer, but it is the identical Jesus Christ, who rose from the dead and ascended into heaven. " I will not suffer mine holy one to see corrup tion," says the Almighty; but what becomes of the wafer deity of the Popish Church after it is swallowed, I should be glad to know ? To the touch, taste, and sense, the deified wafer is still baked paste, though the "Church of Rome hath decreed that it hath ceased to be paste, and has be- comeGod; wilhPapistsitisawantof faith to think otherwise. A miraculous cliange has taken place, and the consecrated wafer though still retaining its former appearance, taste, and smell, does not retaiu any thing of its former character, if you have faith enough to believe in the miraculoos change. " Now, for argument --sake, let us aban don the use of our senses and of our perceptive acuities, and let us lock up the wafer for a few weeks, until it becomes musty and mouldy, which it will do if exposed to the air or is kept in a damp place. Imagine then that animalcula h formed, and living insects make their appearance, and rapid decomposition follows, for to all these vicissitudes is the Popish deity subject. I ask then what becomes of deity, for surely no one will suppose that God will fall into corruption and become food for maggots. So much for a flour and water creator. The foregoing remarks are merely offered to show the rank absurdity of the Popish doctrine. I shall now point attention to the awful impiety and blasphemy involved in the doctrine; I discard all special pleading and will grapple with the substance. 1 say the doc trine is impious and blasphemous, and incurs the crime of idolatry. The priest, or rather the Church of Rome, teaches that the priest, who is very man, has power to create God, or that lie has power to make a bit of baked dough to become God. The power is with the priest, for it becomes God, or does not become God, at the will and pleasure of the priest. It is uot the words which transform flour and water into deity, because if iutention to consecrate is not present with the priest, no God is created ; therefore, creation or transubstantiation is a mental process, and the priest alone known whether the wafer is changed into the incorruptible Jehovah. The recipient must receive it into his stomach as the body, blood, soul, and divinity of Jesus Christ, and he must worship it as such, and if worship ping the wafer is not idolatry, if the creation of a God is not impious and blasphemous, I should like to know what is idolatry, and what is blas phemy. No wonder that the faithful should be denied the indiscriminate reading of the scrip tures. 1 shall now consider this sacrament in the sense in which it is held by the Christian church. The natural body cannot subsist with out alimentary suppoit, without natural food, when we are hungry we desire food, when we are thirsty we desire drink ; in reasoning from natural things to spiritual things, we may fairly adopt analogy. The soul of man is immaterial and immortal, the body is material, ond con sequently mortal. The awakened sinner, or the regenerated sinner, is alone conscious of the urgent cravings of the soul for spiritual meat ar.d drink, for the regenerated sinner only is capable of forming the most distant notion of the burden of sin — this discernment is of a spiritual character, and the more clearly this discernment is apprehended, the more intolerable becomes the burthen which sin imposes; and in the same degree in which we experience the burthen of sin, does the necessity for spiritual strength become obviously necessary. Faint and weary, the sinner seeks the throne of Grace, and supplicates for spiritual meat and drink, for spiritual wisdom and courage. And the oftener and the more earnestly he supplicates, the mote constantly does he return to the same fountain, or, in other words, the more insatiate does his spititual appetite be come, this hunger and thirst terminates only with his mortal existence. And none should attend the spiritual feast, symbolised by the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, who have not this spiritual appetite; for, to such only is the flesh of Christ, which is represented in the bread broken, "food indeed," and the blood, represented by the wine, " drink indeed." The periodical administration of this Sacra ment in Christian Churches is to be considered as a commemorative feast — an open testimony oi our faith. The elements used are in themselves, mere bread and wine, and although consecrated, or set apart for sacred use, they remain unaltered, both in substance and essence; but as the sign or symbol of the thing signified, they are to be received with becoming reverence and circum spection. To receive these symbols of a Sa viour's dying love, in an unsanctifierl frame of mind, is as it were to mock the sufferings and death of the redeemer. To expect any spiritual blessing, whether present or future from a mere formal participation in the feast, is to set a value upon a form or ceremony to which forms and ceremonies have no title ; to decline a par ticipation in the feast, from a very common but a very erroneous notion of unwonhiness, argues a total ignorance of the spirit of the Gospel. The sacrifice symbolised in this Sacrament was made and accepted for sinners ; and to feel the dire necessity for such a sacrifice is the befitting frame of mind required by Him who made the sacri fice. This Sacrament is a spiritual feast to the sin-sick soul only ; commemoratively it is life and health— it renews as it were a recollection of our Saviour's love, and fills the soul ol the believer with joy and consolation. When we reject these tokens of a Saviour's : love upon the ,plea of our unworthiness, do we reflect, that if we are nut in a slate of mind to re ceive the symbol that we are not in a state of mind to enter the presence of Him whom they sensibly represent ? If we are not in a state to die, are we fit to live and enjoy the blessings of a Sa viour's bounty ! Dissenters condemn the Angli can Church for its want of discrimination, or in other words, for its open communion, but I think unfairly so. The Rubric and the civil law are opposed to each other; the Rubric requires that (hose who intend to communicate, should advertise the minister of their intention a day or two at least prior to the celebration of the Sacra ment — but the intending communicant may dis regard this law, and the ministers cannot enforce it, save at the peril of an action at law ; but independent of all human law, the Church is perfectly justified in her open communion ; her ministers are men of like infirmities with other men. And as such have no right to sit in judg ment on the consciences of other men. The in tending recipient of the Sacrameut is solemnly warned by the officiating priest of the conse quences attendant upon unworthy participation in the feast. And the consequence rests with the individual : for were it otherwise, how can man dive into the secret recesses of another man's heart ? besides conversion is not always progres sive, it is sometimes sudden, and by possibility the sinner of to-day may be a glorified saint to morrow. I do therefore think the Church acts wisely in throwing the responsibility ou the indi vidual. 