3bef «atlarjr Lor«.* Bf Amoibus. /LAND AND SEA. '(From Ulaehu!ood's M aga tînt for Sept., 1938.} Chapter 1. . , Jane Martin was the only daughter of a yeoman living in the village of Mead ham, not far from the southern coast of England. The place was divided from the sea by a low range of hills, and the fields of pasture and of corn were sur- rounded by extensive woods. These, together with the small collection of cottages and the village church, pre sented a prospect of tranquillity and beauty. Jane was the heiress of a cottage and a few fields, and, without these advan- tages, had beauty enough to attract more than one rustic lover. But none of them could win her affections. Her mother had died early, but had left on her daughter's mind a tinge of her own imaginative' character. Her father was possessed of some books, which he was fond of reading, and delighted to put in her hands. But he saw that there was mixed 'up in her disposition a strong portion of the irregular and fan- tastic strain, which the old man used to say she must have had from her mother, who always, he would add, had been a sort of fairy body, rather than of com mon flesh and blood like himself. What- ever touch of superstition Jane could light on in his books of history or travels, or in the histories and stories of her neighbours, had for her a powerful charm. Dreams and prophecies, and accounts of ghosts and visions, filled her with awe. When the was about 'fifteen, and taken by-her father to hear the preaching of a wandering Methodist, a man of coarse but fervid eloquence, the descriptions in which he rioted of the bodily torments of the lost, and the never-ending delights of heaven, were for her an exquisite, unimagined con- trast to the calm morality and grave devotion of the parish church. The -effect of this evening, for the sermon was deliiered after nightfall in a dimly lighted barn, was so overpowering, that she seemed for some days in a restless fever, and al last was actually seized with illness. She rose, however, from her bed apparently strong and fresh rs 'before. Her beauty had lost nothing-of its attractiveness, and had gained some- thing in expression. But she did not «look formed for happiness. Tho sensi- tive and excitable movement of her face and the quick and striking dilation of the pupils in her large light eyes, -con -peyed the notion of -a mind too early -disturbed, and too little under the government of any settled principles of action, for the hope -of usefulness and ipeace. But, surrounded as was this -countenance with pale brown hair, and supported by a figure of healthy, youth ful elasticity, the whole picture of the girl bad an affecting sweetness. Her favourite reading was an old collection of voyages and travels, filled with records of gainful and warlike adventurers, their intercourse with fo reign cities and savage tribes, crimes, -sufferings, wonders, and superstitions -on these she mused every moment -which she could save from the care of her household affairs, and of the dairy and garden, She knew nothing of the world except within a circle of four or five miles around her father's house, und all bejond presented itself to ber mind as made up of-sparkling seas and spicy islands, gorgeous towns, and beautiful and heroic men—ships so light and gay as might sail among the clouds, and cargoes of gold and fruits as glit- tering as those summer clouds them -selves. Put, alas ! though within seven ?miles of the coast, she bad never teen the sea ; and the wish to behold that «unknown, boundless miracle of nature, «became, when she had grown out of -childhood, the strongest feeling of her mind. Her mother, she knew, was the slaughter of a seaman, and had spent her unmarried life at Southport, a town and harbour distant some twenty miles from Meadham, where her father found his future bride. Now the long-buried another, whose grave was in the church- yard, and met «her eyes every Sunday, appeared lo her in ber dreams as wear« iug some indistinct sea shape, as treading lightly, on tho waves, and beckoning ber to come to tbat -new and -delightful legion. The thought was too precious 4o be spoken of to ber father, and the girl cherished it till she bad half per- suaded herself that something more than lancy bad shaped the ¡mag«. For months she turned the wish over and -over till it grew into a project. The notion of some unaccountable good to be derived from looking on the sea-of come.magical beauty clothing the great element-and of some mystery con- nected with the moment of ber success in the enterprise, fastened on ber ima- gination witb no less strength than would on «nany minds the hope of mounting from earth to one of the lieavenly bodies. The plan, however, ?comed almost- impracticable. -Her father was growing old, a little peevish at any opposition to bis will, and more and more settled in his daily round of babits. He was impatient at bia daughter?* absence, except when be visited his fields and gave directions to bis one labouror, a business which seldom occupied more than an bour at a time. The old man was kind and sLgacious. His slightest peculiarities were dear to her, and no image she bad «ver seen with her bodily eyes was to lier so agreeable as that of the grey- headed and weather-beaten face ; but often while she aat beside bim and supplied his little wants, or answered bis few and simple observations, her thoughts would wander away to the restless, boundless sea, witb all its shores and ships ; and the little world around her, for which alone she had outwardly lived, and which alona she knew, seemed poor and small, compared with the dazzling and amazing world of which she knew nothing. .She naturally avoided to express ber feelings, which abe was aware were stronger and more unnsnal than ber father, or indeed any of ber acquaintance, could'understand or Would approve. But tlie looks which .he found her reading, and the questions 'which she sometimes ventured to ask as to the seaport town which lie liad visited in liia earlier life, in part betrayed 'her. One day, daring such a conversation, lie suddenly exclaimed, " Heaven help thee 1 the sea seems always running in thy head ! 1 should not wonder .if the first idle .sailor thai «ornea wandering here catches thy foolish fancy, and carries thee off from ali our honest country fellows. But take care, Jane-they are an unsteady, ?spendthrift, drunken set. At best, tlrcir trade keeps them many a long month in every year away from their wives and 'children. Don't marry a sailor, Jane, don't marry, a sailor, or thy old father will break his heart." This aduce was not very likely to «hange the current of Jane's thoughts. Her longing to look upon the sea grew rather the stronger ; but to gratify it was not easy. The summit, indeed, of the hills which bounded that inland country was not further off than two hours' walking: but this was through unfrequented paths and lonely sheep tracks up the donna. The village lay on no line of traffic with the coast, and to undertake an expedition 4o the shore without some purpose of business would have sounded among her neighbours like aetting off on a crusade or a pil- grimage. She shrank from owning lier beloved secret even lo her father, -aud nothing, therefore, remained but to plan a clandestine excursion. This was possible only at night. A ramble of the kind, however, had nothing very alarm- ing tor a country girl. The imaginative1 apprehensions, which alone presented themselves to the mind of Jane, added to the charm, by enhancing the dignity of her enterprise. Spirits, she thought, must needs be her peculiar attendants on the most momentous-occasion of her" whole life, which had now reached tho mature age of eighteen. The moon was shining in the summer sky when she crept through her chamber window and sprang lightly on the ground. ( Had any one seen her, it must have seemed, from the excitement of her look and manner under the homeli- ness of her dark dress, that she was bent on a different kind of meeting from that which she really mediated. She tra- versed the little garden, and went on by well-known paths which led her away from the Tillage, and under the shade of hedges and coppices. Rapidly and with beating heart she walked through quiet lields of corn, and began to think that she was now escaping all danger of interruption. In an hoar she reached the less cultivated and less populous, tract that ditided the plain from the upland. Here she heard from behind her the church clock, which she knew so well striking midnight. The path was no longer familiar to her, but she knew the direction she bad to take, and her task increased in seriousness and interest the more -completely she ap- peared engaged in it. The downs arose grim and grey before her, and, after exploring for a few minutes, she struck into the path that climbed their sides, and felt that she had entered on a new world. But she began to bo a little fatigued, and mounted the hills with less quickness than she crossed tho val- ley. Still she met no human being. The moon was rising above her head and displayed her road, and she thought that ahe perceived the fresh sea-breeze blowing down from the heights upon I her face, Aa she drew nearer and nearer to this aerial summit, which she had so often looked at almost with tears, she could hardly believe tho reality of ber own happiness. Jn spite of her weari- ness, her heart was borne up with wings. She paused for a moment a few yards below the top of the ascent, and then ran headlong on »and stopped. , There lay the sea beneath her, one sheet of indistinct grey and moonshine, with the dark land running off on either side. Jn the obscurity an angelic vi- sion moved along, with the moon1 glancing on its white face ; it must be* -could it he?-a ship! She felt how deep were her own «motions at the aspect of immense and unknown power, though she could not have explained the cause. The excitement of her mind did not fall after ils first rise, but varied' and prolonged itself during her minuter, .examination of all that lay before her J The moonbeams shifted slowly as the luminary journeyed on and stooped to-1 wards the horizon. Here and there the I stars were faintly reflected in the gauze' veiled mirror. The ship passed on in silent ghostliness, and disappeared, while the weak murmur of the waters on the shore beneath carne to her as if whispering a secret which she vainly strained her*ear to catch. She stood charmed to the spot, until the first glimpses of the'early dawn began to mingle with the gleams of night. And now she drank in with a mighty insatia- ble thirst each moment of the great unfolding vision. The brightening clouds-the strengthening breeze-the cold and sparkling of the sea under the 'eye of day-ihe colouring of the land- scape; and the starling into clearness of many vessels-all these were memorable etents to Jane. But the weariness of the body and the exhaustion of the over excited mind compelled her to rest, and by the increasing light she saw, a few yards beneath her, a small hollow in the hill, marked by an old thorn tree which shaded a few large stones. On one of them she sat and watched the scene be- fore her, till, in spite of her efforts, her eyes closed against the light, and her head dropped sidewaysagainstthe bank. (To be continued!) 