To the Editor of the dustralasian Chronicle, No. 6. ON THE WANDERINGS OF THE HUMAN MIND, IN SEARCH OF KNOWLEDGE. " Every man is naturally desirous of know ledge; but what does knowledge avail without the fear of God ? The highest and most useful lesson is, a true knowledge and contempt of ourself "-A. KEMPIS. Stn,--Had the diligent "searcher of Scrip- tures" kept this instructive lesson in view, when perusing the inspired pages, the world would not have witnessed so many delusions and so many innovations formed and fashioned upon the misinterpretation of the Holy Bible. The reveries of " Montanus," at the close of the second century, afford an instance of the want of an "humble and docile" mind, in studyiug the word of God. This vain man of Masia, in the confines of Phrygia, aspired to a high repu. tation from his knowledge of the Bible. He pretended that the Holy Ghost inspired him iu expounding the Scriptures, and gave him some new revelations. His fullowors advanced that he was himself the Paraclete spirit sent by Christ to perfect the law. Their enthusiasm leads them from schism to heresy, by asserting that " Montanus" was the Holy Ghost, in the same manner that Christ is the Son of God. Priscilla and Maximilla. two married women of Pepuro, left their families, and became distin guished disciples of Montanus. They affected anu excessive rigour, had many fasts, and added two Lents to the one already observed. The Montanists refused absolution and communion to persons who had fallen into any sin of impu rity; condemned second marriages as adulte ries; and said that it is unlawftl to fly or conceal ourselves in time of persecution. Thus the spirit of lies and delusion pervea ts the truths of religion, under the appearance of the strictest morality. Some perish by sinful pleasures, others fall by pride and an affected austerity. False teachers wear every face, except that of a sincere and docile humility : their austerity ends in some shameful libertinism, as was the case with Montanus and his two proselytes. The apparent morality of Montanus drew many into his errors; among others, the learned Tertullian, one of the most able antagonists of heresy. Though he separated from the Montanists before his death, we have no record of his having condemned their heresy. It may be, that Ter tulliau took some pride to himself for his famous work on " The Prescriptions against Heresies," and that the Almighty permitted him to fall into heresy, in punishment for that pride,-a salutary lesson to all who may glory in their learning. Montanus and his disciples worked themselves into extraordinary gestures and movements, and pretended that they were then under the influ ouco of the divine spirit, and then received their supernatural illuminations. Thus were the ignorant and the lovers of the marvellous duped and seduced. Some of our modern new lights and enthusiasts practice similar feats. They frequently occur at "camp meetings" and other religious assemblies in the United States, to which I myself have been an eye-witness.. The Bishops of Asia, assembled in council at' Hierapolis, examined the' doctrines and pre tended prophecies of the Montanists, and con demned the one and the other as false, erroneous, and heretical. We can learn even from the aberations of Montanus, what were the real doctrines and practices of the Church in his ago, the second century. He enjoined three Lents, which shews that one Lent at least was then observed; he refused absolution for sins of impurity, saying, these were the sins against the " Holy Ghost,'" which the Church teaches " were not to be forgiven in this life nor in the next." The Church had then the practice, of pronouncing absolution and forgiving their sins to those who confessed them with repentance. It is true, the Church in the first ages refused absolution and communion for a long time to those who fell into idolatry or murder; but never refusled these sacred rites to the dying, when truly penitent. Montanus was for refusing them oven at the - hour of death, though the dying persons were and appeared to be sincerely sorry aund ropentant for their past transgressions. Here we find, in the days of Montanus, that penance, absolution, the communion for the dying, and the observance of the fast of Lent, were the Catholic practices of Christianity. Montanus, in forming his theory of the developo mont and perfection of the Christian religion, fell on the same idea that seems so favourable and. fashionable with some of our modern "literati," viz., " that, the doctriuos of Chris. tianity were not at first fullydeoveloped or under stood, and that it roequires the 'sclecene and * Does our correspondent mean his eulogy to apply to tine hoourahlo gentleman, who almost went distracted at the proposal. of a grant of £200 to the Mechanuics' 86hool of Arts ?-.ln: :, . learninq of atn enlightened age, properly to comprehend the truths of. revelation." As Montanus observed in the Scriptures, that Christ often told his disciples that" he had many more things to spedk to them; but that they' could not comprehend them then,"'.and that ihe "would send them his spirit, who would teach them all truth,"-he pretended to have received this spirit to an extraordinary degree. What vain per version of the promises of Christ, as if the' Apostles were not fully instructed by our Savioir when he taught for forty days after his resur rectiou, "speaking to them of the kingdom of God :" ns if they had not been fully enlightened by the descent of the Holy Ghost the the day of Pentecost. Who was to bring to their minds all thin;s they had heard from the lips of their divine master. Equally vain and groundless, ard the ideas of the 'wiso and learned in worldly knowledge,-" that modern acience and philo sophy tend to or are necessary to develope and expound the religion of Jesus Christ." But he came "to enlighten those who sat in darkness and it the shadow of death,"-'" to preach the Gospel to the poor,"-" to reveal the will of his eternal Father to the meek and humble of heart." He confounded the wisdom of the wise, and rejected the learning of the vain in their own conceits. No, it is not on the authority of any individual, however learned or pious, that a Christian rests his faith or the interpretation of the Word of God ; but on the visible, speak ing authority established by Jesus Christ, "to guide men unto all truth." As Bossuet truly says-" ' There was no time when a visible and speaking authority did not exist, to which sub. mission was due. Before Jesus Christ, that authority among the Jews was in the synagogue: when the synagogue was on the point of failing, Jesus Christ appeared : when this divine per sonage withdrew, lie left a Church, and with it his Holy Spirit. Tell me that Jesus Christ once more appears upon earth, teaching, preach ing, and working miracles, I want this Church no longer. But if you take her from me, again I must have Jesus Christ in person, speaking, instructing, and deciding by miracles and with an unerring authority. But has he not left his written Word? He has: a Word, holy and adorable; but it is a Word that may be handled and expounded as fancy shall direct; a Word that remains silent under every interpretation. When difficulties and doubts arise, then 1 must have some external guide, that shall solve those difficulties and satisfy my doubts; and that guide must be unerrsng."-Yours truly, ° JOHN SCOTT. 