ENGLISH EXTRACTS EUROPEAN COLONIZATION. [FROM HOWITT'S COLONIZATION AND CHRISTIANITY.] We have now (says Mr. Howitt, in his emphatic and eloquent peroration) followed the Europeans to every region of the globe, and seen them plant- ing colonies, and peopling new lands, and every where we have found them the same — a lawless and domineering race, seizing on the earth as if they were the first-born of creation, and having a presumptive right to murder and dispossess all other people. For more than three centuries we have glanced back at them in their course, and every where they have had the word of God in their mouth, and the deeds of darkness in their hands. In the first dawn of discovery, forth they went singing the Te Deum, and declaring that they went to plant the cross amongst the heathen. As we have already observed, however, it turned out to be the cross of one of the two thieves; and a bitter cross of crucifixion it has proved to the natives where they have received it. It has stood the perpetual sign of plunder and extermination. The Spaniards were reckless in their carnage of the Indians, and all succeeding generations have expressed their horror of the Spaniards. The Dutch were cruel, and every body abominated their cruelty. One would have thought that the world was grown merciful. Behold North America at this moment, with its disinherited Indians! See Hindustan, that great and swarm- ing region of usurpations and exactions ! Look at the Cape, and ask the Caffres whether the English are tender-hearted and just: ask the same ques- tion in New Holland: ask it of the natives of Van Diemen's Land—men, transported from the island of their fathers. Ask the New Zealanders whether the warriors, whose tatooed heads stare us in the face in our museums, were not delicately treated by us . . . Many are the evils that are done under the sun ; but there is and can be no evil like that monstrous and earth- encompass- ing evil, which the Europeans have committed against the Aborigines of every country in which they have settled. And in what country have they not settled ? It is often said as a very pretty speech — that the sun never sets on the dominions of our youthful Queen; but who dares to tell us the far more horrible truth, that it never sets on the scenes of our injustice and oppressions ! . . . The slave-trade, which one of our best informed philanthropists asserts is going on at this moment to the amount of 17,000 negroes a year, is indeed the dreadful climax of our crimes against humanity. It was not enough that the lands of all newly-discovered regions were seized on by fraud or violence; it was not enough that their rightful inhabitants were murdered or enslaved ; that the odious vices of people styling themselves the followers of the purest of beings, should be poured like a pestilence into these new countries. It was not enough that millions on millions of peaceful beings were exterminated by fire, by sword, by heavy burdens, by base violence, by deleterious mines and unaccustomed severities — by dogs, by man- hunters, and by grief and despair — there yet wanted one crowning crime to place the deeds of Europeans beyond all rivalry in the cause of evil — and that unapproachable abomination was found in the slave-trade. . . . The mysteries of God's endurance, and of Euro- pean audacity and hypocrisy are equally mar- vellous. Why, the very track across the deep seems to me blackened by this abominable traffic — there must be the dye of blood in the very ocean. One might surely trace these mon- sters by the smell of death, from their kidnapping haunts to the very sugar-mills of the west, where canes and human flesh are ground together. The ghosts of murdered millions were enough, one thinks, to lead the way without cart or compass ! The very bed of the ocean must. be paved with bones! and the accursed trade is still going on ! We are still strutting about in the borrowed plumes of Christianity, and daring to call God our Father, though we are become the tormentors of the human race from China to Peru, and from one pole to the other. The whole history of European colonization is of a piece. It is with grief and indignation, that, passing before my own mind the successive con- quests and colonies of the Europeans amongst the native tribes of newly-discovered countries, I look in vain for a single instance of a nation styling itself Christian and civilized, acting to- wards a nation which it is pleased to term bar- barous with Christian honesty and common feel- ing. The only opportunity which the Aboriginal tribes have had of seeing Christianity in its real form and nature, has been from William Penn and the Missionaries. But both Penn and the Missionaries have, in every instance, found their efforts neutralized, and their hopes of permanent good to their fellow-creatures blasted, by the profligacy and the unprincipled rapacity of the Europeans as a race. Never was there a race at once so egotistical and so terrible! MECHANICS' INSTITUTIONS.—The education given at Mechanics' Institutions will unquestion- ably tend to improve the people as operatives; to assist those whose talents and industry render them capable of rising above the station in which they have set out; and, by extending the know- ledge of the principles of science, and their ap- plication to the arts among artisans, to promote the improvement and advancement of the useful arts. But the application of science to the arts is not the only object of scientific instruction. By im- planting a knowledge of the works of nature and art in the mind, we are supplying a want of human nature too much lost sight of — the means of agreeable, harmless, and rational recreation for leisure hours. In teaching men to derive pleasure from a knowledge of the beauties and wonders of nature, we furnish an attractive pursuit to direct the attention from other modes of spending leisure time, which are the bane of high and low, rich and poor, in this country. This is an object of very great importance: it is not during the hours of labour, but during those of recreation, that idle and pernicious habits are acquired; and to occupy our leisure hours in a rational and improving manner, is the surest mode of preventing the growth of those moral weeds that overrun every waste, uncultivated mind. It is universally felt that the pursuits of literature and science tend eminently to refine and civilize, to raise the standard of mind, elevate above grovelling pur- suits, and impart dignity of character and self- respect. By the extension and completeness which it has now obtained, the many singular phenomena which it unfolds, and the beautiful general laws and relations which are daily deve- loped, science is becoming more and more adapted for the noblest end of all study— to interest, ex- cite, and develop the intellectual powers, and direct the mind to pleasures of a refined and elevated character. Science becomes peculiarly adapted for these ends when it rises from facts to principles, when its isolated phenomena gather into general laws. Though all cannot be raised to wealth and dignity, all may, by knowledge, extend their sources of personal improvement and rational pleasure, and thus make themselves wiser, happier, better, in whatever condition they may be. That is the true end of education. The grand aim should be, not to teach a man how to be a richer or greater man than his neighbour, but how to render himself more rational, happy, and better conducted being than he himself was before. This end is attainable by all ; and should be held out as the great prize, which every one may gain, who devotes some of his spare time to the cultivation, of his mind in the delighted walks of literature and science. We thus regard in- struction in literature and physical science as of very great value to all classes of society. By furnishing the mind of the workman with the materials for thinking, implanting the taste and giving the capacity for a vast field of delightful study in literature, science, history, &c.;, it will enable him and render him more likely to pass his leisure hours in an agreeable and rational manner, which must conduce to his improve- ment. How have the country gentry, the Squire Westerns, been reclaimed from the state of fero- cious ignorance which characterized them in the last century? By the Press — by literature and science. May not — nay, will not the same means produce a similar beneficial change, and elevate, the condition of the people ? This change is taking place, though slowly. Popular education is bearing good fruit, as is shown in the well- known improvement in the characters of those who take advantage of the opportunities of edu- cation now held out.—Tait's Edinburgh Maga- zine, for August. CAUSES OF FEVER IN TOWNS. — Besides the malaria arising where nature is uncultivated, we find that whenever men congregate and bring together the quantities of vegetable and animal substances which constitute their food, in the preparation of which there is much refuse, or where the excrementitious matters from their own bodies (being the matter of their food again rejected and in another form) are allowed to accumulate, there is produced another malaria often as destructive to life as the most active which dwells in an Indian jungle. The fevers, called typhus, putrid, malignant, jail, hospital, ship-fever, &c.;, are the produce of this malaria, and when once induced, the bodies of persons affected give out a contagious malaria often more quickly operative on other persons than the ori- ginal cause. In the early history of cities, there- fore, we are prepared to find striking examples of the influence of such malaria, and the succes- sion of epidemics or plagues which have almost everywhere appeared are these examples. In London, for instance, before the fire of 1666, which destroyed great part of the city, and led to the rebuilding of it, with better drains for carrying away the noxious matters which produced ma- laria, and wider streets for ventilation, there occurred within seventy-two years of the fire five epidemics or plagues, and the average destruction by each was of one-fourth part of the population; as if nearly 400,000 people were now to be swept off in one year. Since the improvements which accompanied the rebuilding of the city, there has been no disease deserving the name of plague until the cholera lately, and the deaths from that, instead of being 25 in every 100, were only one person in every 250 of the population; proving the prodigious influence of knowledge, and of art founded on it, in guarding against such evils. In many of the old less improved cities of Europe, as in Paris, Naples, &c.;, the cholera was as fatal as the plagues of London formerly were. We have now to show that, even in London, the securities against the diseases of malaria are yet far from being so complete as they should be and easily might be. The means of removing completely the noxious animal and vegetable matters brought to or produced in cities evidently are — 1. A perfect system of suf- ficiently sloping drains or sewers, by which from every house and street all fluid refuse shall quickly depart by the action of gravitation alone; the streets, alleys, courts, &c.;, being moreover well paved, so that the refuse may be easily distinguished and detached. 2. A plentiful sup- ply of water to dilute and carry off all such refuse, and to allow of sufficiently washing of streets, houses, clothing, and persons. 3. An effective service of scavengers to remove regularly the rubbish and impurities which water cannot carry away, and fit receptacles for such matters until removed. 4. Free ventilation by wide streets, open alleys, and well-constructed houses, to di- lute and carry away all the hurtful aeriform products of the processes of society. 5. Keep- ing as distant as possible from the people the practice of all the arts or processes capable of producing malaria. Hence the situation of cat- tle-markets, slaughter-houses, cow- houses, tripe shops, gas-manafactories, burying-grounds, &c.;, should be determined by competent authorities. Report of Drs. N. Arnott and J. P. Kay. RAILROADS. — There is no authentic record of the origin of railroads.: —The first workers of mines in Great Britain and other countries were well acquainted with their advantages. They were at first merely used within the mine for the purpose of facilitating the propelling of sledges, and were afterwards applied to facilitate moving of waggons by manual power, where horses could not find room. They were subsequently used with horse power, on a level, from one mine to another; and then, by progressive advances, to convey the produce of the mine to the place of shipment, on a level and also on an inclined plane, for effecting which, mechanical was added with horse power. The agency of steam produced a new era in this mode of transit. To Mr. Trevethick, of Cornwall, the honour is due of applying steam power to the propelling of laden waggons on railroads. The first high pressure engine practically applied to railroad transit was constructed by him in 1802, for Charles Branding, Esq., of Gosforth, in Northumberland, who took out a patent in that year for the construction of a railway and steam carriage. It would be tedious to enumerate the railroads already constructed, and now in process of construction, for uniting the metropolis with every part of England. The capital invested in these works is estimated at upwards of £20,000,000. In 1833, there was a return made to Parliament from the clerks of the peace respecting turnpike-road trusts in England and Wales, for the year 1829, by which it ap- peared that the number of those trusts amounted to 1119, and the length of the roads to 19,798 miles. The cost of these roads cannot be esti- mated at less than £20,000,000. Such have been the surprising effects produced by private speculation in England. But England is an ex- ception, in this respect, to all other parts of the world. — Foreign and British Review. JUVENILE DELINQUENTS. — " The lapse of children into criminal habits is, in most cases," observes Mr. William, in his Report, as Inspector of Prisons, recently laid before Parliament, '" at- tributable to the neglect of parents, and in others to their avocations compelling them to leave their offspring for a great portion of the day without protection. I look to the general extension of infant schools for the humbler classes as a most powerful preventative of juvenile delinquency. The first impression on the mind are most im- portant, frequently determining future happiness or misery. When children have been left to run about the streets uncontrolled, and have once ac- quired the taste of an idle vagabond life, there is little hope of weaning them from it to pursuits of a more restrained nature. Keep children from the streets, and the temptations to which they are there exposed by the glaring display of gratifica- tions in the shops and markets, until the moral distinctions of right and wrong are firmly im- pressed upon their minds, and much will have been done to promote their welfare at a more ad- vanced period of life." EDUCATION ENSURED. — The Emperor of Austria has issued a decree — " That no person, male or female, shall be married, who cannot read, write, cipher, and cast up a common ac- count." This is a good law, and, if adopted in this country, would send many an adult to school. We should see hundreds who are not only be- tween five and sixteen, but between twenty-five and sixty, hasten to the school-house, and beg to say, a, b, c, to the now unthought of school- master. The law is just, for it secures more effectually than any thing else could do the education of the children. It produces this result in two ways. Parents, who can read, will be much more likely to teach their children to read, and they will look forward to the privation which ignorance will ensure, and endeavour, by educa- tion, to bestow the means of happiness and the enjoyment of society. The object of law is to secure man's happiness; and what law is more likely to effect this great object than the one at the head of this article ? Yet we, in our inde- pendence to do right or wrong, would think this act a species of tyranny. But we ought to be willing to live under laws which compel us to do our duty, and secure our highest happiness. In Prussia, if the parent neglects the education of his children, the police officers take the parent to prison, and the children to school. Perhaps it would be better if he would take the parent to school also. In Prussia it is a crime against the Government in the parent to let his child grow up in ignorance. Is not such neglect a much higher crime under these free institutions — insti- tutions, which are based on intelligence, preserved by intelligence, and which look to intelligence for their very existence. — Greenock Advertiser. VIRTUES OF BREVITY. — In this age of pro- digious learning, more prodigious writing, most prodigious talking, when, fortunately, every body is at once deeply informed, and passionately communicative, and it is as impossible for the clouds of heaven not to rain, as for any given individual not to discharge himself in print — when, whether we, are noblemen, gentle- men, aldermen, cooks, courtiers, courtesans, tailors, sailors, soldiers, barbers' clerks, basket- makers, maids of honour, jockeys, judges, "in- docti doctique" — we all write, talk, read, criticise, to the consolation of one glorious universal hub- bub, called literature — it becomes an object of national concern to consider whether some effec- tive, system of literary police might not be ad- vantageously adopted, whereby to moderate the fury and regulate the roar. Time was when the world had but few spokesmen; and these could not be so tedious but they still found audience more than they knew what to say to; but now that your constant reader is no less your constant writer, and every man in respect to literature "finds himself" in a manner, the case is ma- terially altered, and it becomes our painful but imperious duty to hit upon some method of cutting people short. The reform might be be- gun with an "Absolute-necessity- of-saying-what you-have-to-say-in-as-few-words- as-possible, England, bill." In the mean time gentlemen should be requested, and they are hereby re- quested, to be "curst brief," for my sake; always remembering that life itself is short, and that it is utterly impossible for every body to read every body. Non omnia possumus omnes, as some- body observes. — Morning Chronicle. CHAPEL MEETINGS, OR PRINTERS' FESTIVALS. — It may not be generally known to many of our readers, that the art of printing was first con- ducted in Britain, within one of the chapels in Westminster Abbey. Hence every printing, house for a long time was denominated a Chapel, the workmen were the members of the Chapel, and when assembled for convivial or other pur- poses, the meeting was called a Chapel-meeting. Each Chapel had various regulations and bye- laws for the breach of any of the rules, a" solace" or penalty was incurred by the offender, it being a maxim that " the Chapel cannot err." The solaces consisted of several kinds of corporal punishment, but these were dispensed with on payment of certain pecuniary fines, " for the good of the Chapel," Besides, it was " customary," says Moxon, " for all the journeymen to make new paper windows, whether the old will serve again or no; because that day they made them (about Bartholomew-tide), the master-printer gives them a way goose; that is, he makes them a good feast, and not only entertains them at his own- house, but gives them money to spend at the ale-house or tavern at night; and to this feast they invite the corrector, founder, smith, joiner, and ink- maker, who all of them severally (except the corrector in his own civility) open the purse strings, and add their benevolence to the master- printer's," &c.; At the present day, the above rules and practices, more or less modified, are still in observance in every printing-office; and in Scotland the annual Chapel Meeting or Fes- tival takes place at the New Year, for convivial enjoyment among all the members of the chapel. In towns this meeting is usually held in some re- spectable tavern, the master being in the chair, supported by the preses, treasurer and secretary of the Chapel, and frequently a few literary or other friends are invited to the Chapel Feast. These are the glorious reminiscences of the olden times — when harmony and good-will prevailed — when there were no differences between the em- ployer and the employed — and when it seemed to be better understood than now, that the pros- perity of the one must always ultimately depend upon that of the other. — Edinburgh Chronicle. COUCH GRASS — A HINT TO FARMERS. — I beg to call the attention of British agriculturists to the use which is made in Italy of "couch grass," which in this country is collected in the fields into heaps and burned in pure waste. The long gramineous underground shoots of couch grass (in French called chien dent, in Italian granmninia) when fresh dug up, are crisp, tender, and of a flavour not unlike asparagus, but sweeter, Sarsa- parilla is a near relation to it; and Italian phy- sicians as frequently order decoctions of the one as of the other to their scorbutic patients,and some assert that gramminia is the better detergent of the two. But this is not the purpose to which I should like to see gramminia applied in this country, but as a most excellent, wholesome, and favourite article of food for horses. The children of an Italian peasant will follow the plough and the barrow, and collect as much couch grass roots as pays for their own keep. After the couch is picked it is well washed, and becomes as white as snow. It is then tied into bundles of about two feet long and six inches in diameter, then kept in or well sprinkled with clean water until served out to the purchaser, who himself generally throws the bundles in the never failing clear foun- tain of an Italian court-yard before he gives it his horses. Of this gramminia, or of carrot, the Italians always give to their horses (in the Spring and summer at least) a certain number of bundles every day at twelve o'clock. Upwards of £40,000 sterling worth of gramminia is thus annually sold by the peasants to the inhabitants of the city of Naples alone. In this country every bit of this valuable provender is burned on the ground which produces it. In Italy the peasants are very thankful for being allowed to pick couch grass from off the fields, and often pay for it; in a England many hands are employed, at wages, to pick it up and burn it. — Colonel Maceroni's Memoirs. 