[?] Reasons for subscribing to ihe XXXIX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland : her Creeds and Confessions of Faith.— -Hv A Layman. Written for Tiie Sydney Standard.! Continued from our last. Article XXI. On the Authority of General Councils. General Councils may not be gathered together without the commandment and will of princes ; and when they be gathered together (forasmuch as they be an assembly of men, whereo f all be not governed with the spirit and Word of God ), they may err, and sometimes have erred even in things pertaining unto Gad. Wherefore things ordained . hi them ns npccssnru tn salvation, have neither strength nor authority, unless it way be declared that they be taken out of Holy Scripture. There is little room for discussion on this. Article,' although the principle established by it lias been ihe cause of much debate and angry controversy between the doctors of lite Catholic ' find ltomnn Churches. A Council of Divines is a- council of fallible men ; and although in a multitude of counsellors there may be wisdom, wc have no means of proving that a large gather ing of fallible counsellors can unitedly arrive at an infallible conclusion. On the other hand, I hold that it is both lawful and expedient for the ministers of the Catholic Church to meet for the purpose , of consulting for the interests of ihe community committed to their spiritual guidance, provided they do so with the consent of the chief magistrate, who is the temporal head of the Church as well as of the Stale. And I am of opinion that any regulation respecting discipline, or any alteration iu the formularies of llie Church suggested by such a council, if in conformity witli the laws of the realm, and in accordance with, the letter and spirit Iloly Writ, should be'eonsidered obliga- tofy by the Church; because any suggestions, alterations, subtractions, or additions, recom mended by a convocation, must receive the sanction of the Three Estates. In the Roman Church the decfees of a General Council con vened by authority of the Bishop of Rome, are held to be binding on the consciences of Papists in every section of the globe, whether such decrees be in accordance with lite laws of- the various nations, or contrariwise. The word Church, as defined and accepted by Papist9, means tbe priesthood ; tbe argument set up by Romanists in defence of tbe obedience due by the faithful to the decrees of a General Council, is derived from the assurance given by our Saviour, when lie sait) — "I.o, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world" (Matt, xxviii.- 20). If the prints of the Roman communion be in reality the Church of Christ, there is some plausibility in the argument — for most assuredly Christ has promised lie will in spirit " he alwtiy" with liis people or his Church; but even this clear aud unambiguous assurance of tiie blessed Redeemer (foes by no mentis warrant the conclusion which Roman casuists attempt to deduce from it. The Church of Christ on earih is defined to be a con gregation of faithful men, or true and sincere believers in tire promises of God ; and the whole tenour of Scripture' warrants me in concluding tliat the -Spirit of God will operate 6n tbe under standings' and affections of true believers, in such a !ihanner as to lead litem to a perfect knowledge of every thing essential to solvation ; but I by no means believe that in things indiflerent the Spirit of God will so direct our understandings. It is much to be regretted that tbe Anglican Church does not resume its ancient custom — Convoca tions properly conducted would be of infinite service; bull shall not enter upon the discussion of this point in treating of the merits of this Article. 'Article XXII. "The Romish Doctrine con cerning Purgatory, Pardons, Worshipping, and Adoration, as well of Iaiages as of Relit ties, and also tif Invocation o f Saints, is a fond thing vainly invented, and grounded on no warrantry of Scripture, but rather repugnant to the Word of God." i The doctrine of Purgatory is not of very ancient standing; -the Trept Catechism contains the following brief command respecting lite doctrine of purgatory — " There is a purgatory fire, in which the souls of Ihe pious are expiated, being tortured for a definitive time ; but a reference to the decrees of:the Council of Florence gives a more compre hensive and detailed view of the doctrine:" I there find the following passage — " The souls of trite penitents dying in the love of God, before they have brought fruits worthy of the repentance of their sins, are purified after death by the pains of purgatory ; and they are delivered from these by the suffrages of llie faithful that are alive ; such as holy sacrifices, prayers, alms, and other works of piety, which the faithful do for the other faith ful, according to the orders of the Church; and the souls of those who have sinned since baptism, or ol those who, having fallen into sins, have been puriiied from them in their bodies, or alter their departure out of them, as we lately said, enter immediately into Heaven, and purely behold the Trinity ; some more perfectly than others ac cording to the difference of their merits: lastly; the souls of those who die in actual mortal sin, or in original sin only, descend immediately into Hell, there to be punished with torments, but not -equally."-' 1 think it perfectly needless to observe, that if lite doctrine laid down by the Fathers of the Council of Trent and of Florence be true, thai what we believe to be lite written word of God, cannot be that wbiclt was dictated by the Holy Spirit. I have quoted .litis passage with a view to show who may not ltave studied Roman Theology, of what principles llie Romish a system of religion consists — Roman controver sialists quote a passage (rom the second book of Maccabees, where it is stated that Judas sent twelve thousand drachms to Jerusalem, to be of fered for his soldiers slain in battle — upon wbiclt the inspired writer concludes it is therefore a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that ihey may be loosed from their sins. I need not say that not only docs tbe Protes tant Church deny the inspiration of this book, but the whole Hebrew Church. If this book be an inspired work as has been well remarked, then is self murder justifiable; the suicide Razis being therein applauded as one who " chose to die NOttt.Y." However, the writer of the second book of Mactnbees disclaims inspiration and apologises lor the defects of his work. Spcakintr, says a learned Prelate wilh tbe becoming diffi dence of one couscious of the fallibility of hjs own judgment and distrustful of his own powers, if we venerate the book as an authentic holy record, it is with considerable qualifications, con taining, as it docs, several palpable errors; and as Bishop Gray further remarks, it should be read with that discretion wbicli while it seeks instruction guards against the intrusion of false and pernicious opinions. In the New Testament Romanists have dis covered a text from which they pretend to draw arguments favourable to their invention, and they ask what is that place called Abraham's bosom, whither Lazarus was conveyed, and they say, is it not of such a place as purgatory that our Lord speaks when he says " I tell thee thou shah not depart thence till thou hast paid the very last mite." Another inferential argument is deduced by Papists from the following passage, wherein our Saviour says touching blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, "shall not be forgiven in this world nor in the world to come." The parallel passage to this in Mark, iii. 29, " But lie that blasphemes against the Holy Giiost hath never forgiveness but is in danger of hell fire." Ano ther text dragged into the service |of purgatory is from St. Paul's First Epistle to the Corinthians, iii. IB, 14, 15. I cannot conclude my comments on this arti cle in the present number, as there are five dis tinct doctrines condemned by it. I have quoted from well- known Romish authorities several of the leading texts by which they pretend to prove the purgatorial doctrine, and in our next week's paper, God willing, I shall offer a few remarks to prove the absurdity of citing texts, witose contexts fully prove that the infer ence drawn from the text itself, is not only false but nonsensical. 