CHURCH AND STATE. DANCING PARSONS. We feel peculiarly obliged to the party who sent us the subjoined extract from The London Record — that unflinching- advocate of all that is Holy, all that is just ana rigliteous, while it commands the affec- I tion and admiration of every true Christian I member of the Anglican Church ; awes I into silence those who would willingly ad- ( vocate opposite principles. Perhaps since I the reformation there never did exist a pub lication that has done so much for the cause of vital holiness, as this said;journal, ' TAe Record " — and were we possessed of all the learning, and all the talent we know ourselves to be deficient of, we should at all timess feel proud to waive the publi cation of our own opinions in favor of those set forth in that truly Church of England paper. We had prepared an article on the subject of ball-going Clergymen, but the subjoined extracts say all we think— THE DANCING CLERGY. To the Editor of the Record. December 18, 1838. Sir, — Will you be so good as memion in your next valuab'e paper, which I consider a public blessing, whether the attendance of clergymen at balls and assemblies can, under any circum stance, be reconciled wilh their baptismal engage- 1 ments, which they renewed at their confirmation; 3 or with the atvfully solemn vows they made at | their ordination ; or with the conduct which we naturally attach and expect to witness in ambas sadors for God, or with the present perilous state of tlie Church of England, which is exposed to the scurrilous and malignant attacks of her un principled enemies ? Do not such men unnaturally aid these enemiesol theChurch in their unhallowed endeavours to subvert her, by conforming to the pomps and vanities of this world, against which it is their special duty to protest? I have been induced to solicit the favour of your sentiments on this subject, because, at the last Eye and Saxmundhamassemblies, there were present the following clergymen, whose names are announced in The Ipswich Journal. It appears to me, that the attendance at such places of men who have expressed their belief that they were inwardly moved by tlie Holy Ghost to assume the ministerial character, and warn sinners of the danger of following the corrupt practices of the world, is'a gross violation of their ordination engagements, and such shamefully in consistent conduct, especially in these days of rebuke and blasphemy, as leads one inevitably to conclude that, provided they can enjoy worldly plpasure and amusement, they are quite in different whether their flocks starve for want of spiritual food, or are enticed by crafty and design ing men into the folds of Dissent! But as I may possibly be mistaken in my views, I hope you will not deny me the favour of a candid and full statement of your opinion, which, as it will be extensively read, will, I trust, be made pro ductive- of extensive good : especially to the clergymen in question/who, it is reported, are patronising another ball, which is very soon Id take place in the beautiful village of Yoxford, whose respectable and respected minister ought not to be annoyed with such frivolities. These necessarily tend to counteract his faithful and zealous exertions to promote the best interests of its inhabitants. I am, Sir, very truly yours, AMICUS. Namesof the clergymen who attended the £«»-. mundiiarn Assembly:— Rev. Richard Gooch, Rector of Benacre. Rev. Mr. Dickens. Rev. Mr. Pratt, Rector of Campsey Ash. Rev. Blois Turner; Vicar of Linstead. Rev. James Bedjngfield, Darsham House. Rev. Mr. White, Rector of Stradbroke. Rev. Mr. Wylde, Curate of Darsham. Rev. J. M. Westhorpe, Vicar of Sibton. Rev. Thomas Sutton. Rev Mr. French. Rev. C. M. Doughty. ' - Rev. Mr. Freeman - Names of those who attended at the Eye As sembly : — t Rev. H. Kirkby. Rev.,C. Steward. Rev. C. Green. Rev. J. Ward. Rev. Mr. D'Eye. Rev. H.. Harrison. Rev. J.H. Groome.jun. -Rev. J. BedingfieId,&c.; . (Copied from The Ipswifh Journal of November' 10, 1838) In the point of this letter we cordially concur. Our surprise is, that the Bishop can tolerate such practices among his clergy ; practices in'which no Popish priest, nor yet respectable Dissenting minister, would engage : and which, bad at any: time, seem to partake of the nature of madness, its- the present critical situation of the Church. We would only ask one and all of them; if " the pomps and vanities of this wicked world" are not embodied and displayed in the bali-room and the rout, where else in this world are they to be found? o What avails. the purity of our creed— the Apostolic simplicity of our form of ChuTch government, or indeed of what service is any rule or regulation if it be aot adhered to. It is. with considerable pain we feel that we have it in our power to publish a list also of clergymen's names, who deem it no shame to their office, to be seen in a public ball room — and we say with the Editor of The Record, that we are more than surprised that the Bishop of Australia should allow his clergymen to go to such places. The pious tongue will ne'er prevail, While actions tell a different tale. To this we may add, " that example teaches where precept fails." However we may be sneered at, we still claim the ho nourable title of being the champion of the Church, and as efforts are being made at home to strengthen the resources of the Church in Australia, it shall be our duty to let parties at home know who they are contributing to the support of. Let tie Standing Committee for instance, of the Church Missionary Society, be told that their Missionaries gave or accepted invitations to a ball — let the Standing Com mittee of the Society for tiie Propoga- tion of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. be told that they are contributing to the support of Dancing Parsons, what would they say ? Why the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge would scarcely approve of such overt acts of cle rical indecency ; and this Society, if it is to be judged of by some of the works it circulates, is not over scrupulous. We trust, ourclerical readers will pardon our strictures, they are administered more in sorrow than in anger. We should consider ourselves very un worthy of the title we have assumed, did we shrink from the performance of our duty, however painful the task. 