Original Correspondence« IDOLATRY. NO. XVII. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. SIR, The heresies which then crept into 'the Church, the corruption of the morals of the clergy, the hypocrisy that supplied the place of real sanctity, and the great divisions and strivings for superiority in the Churches, plainly proved that Satan was present, and that the Holy Ghost was absent. But Roman Catholics will say, did not Christ promise to be with his disciples, "even to the consummation of the world," Matt, xxviii, 20? Yes he did, with such a Church as St. Augus- tine, St. Basil, and St. Chrysostom direct us to, a Church chosen and directed to by the holy scriptures ; but when Chris- tians were not taught " to observe all things whatsoever Christ had commanded them," the spirit of our Lord was not promised ; for such neglect of Christ's com- mands was a sure sign that his spirit was not there. Where his spirit is not, there is no Catholic Church, nor part of the Catholic Church. Thus Councils, like the blind, particularly since the year 600, have introduced many false doc- trines, which are now maintained both in tho Greek and Latin Churches. In- stead of unity they have caused dissen- tions, and instead of holding the ancient traditions, they have followed heathen and heretical traditions, because these rites, ceremonies and doctrines of the heathen subserved the purposes of the political power more than the traditions of Christ and his Apostles. In like manner were greater promises of infallibility made by God to the Jews; but these pro mises were made to Jews who were truly Jews inwardly ; and whose circumcision was that of the heart, in the spirit and not in the letter, and whose praise was not of men, but of God, Romans 11, 29, for they are not all Israel who are of Israel, that is, they who are the children of the flesh,"these are not the children of God ; but the children of the promise are counted for the seed ; the children of the flesh have no promise made to them, Rom. ix, 6, 8. Therefore the carnal Jews were not infallible, they crucified the Lord of glory, 1 Cor. 11, 8. Supposing men have not a right to private judgment, I now ask where have we a chance to learn infallible truth ? Is it from the Priests individually ? They will say " No." Is it from all the Priests in New South Wales or Ireland ? They will say " No." Is it from the Pope? Italy, Spain and Portugal will say "Yes." I believe most other Roman Catholics will say " No." Here I may spare myself the trouble, at present, of making exposures, and of proving from the highest authorities in the Roman Catholic Church, that many of the Popes have been infidels, heretics, and most wicked men. But they will tell me that in a council ratified by the Pope, we shall find infallibility, such a council cannot go wrong, especially when decreeing on matters of faith. Let us see ; and at the same time keep it in minds, that two councils, both ratified by Popes, if infal- lible, can never be opposed to one ano- ther, on any points of doctrine, for this simple reason, that one must be wrong, if the other be right, consequently not infallible. Now mark these facts. The general council of Constance, (sess,4 and 5) where Pope Martin the 5th attended, decreed that a Pope was subject to the judgment of a general council in matters of faith, and that he cannot dissolve or remove a general council ; and that this decree is in itself an article of faith, and that he is an heretic who is opposed to this decree, which council was ratified by the said Pope Martin the 5th. After- wards the last Latorin council (sess. 11), under Pope Julius the 2nd and Leo the 10th, decreed the very contrary, assert- ing that Popes possessed unlimited power, and authority, (Laurent surius Condi tornea, page683), where was infallibility ? The Council of Laodicea, held about the year 364, decreed as follows, " Christians ought not to forsake the Church of God and go to invocate Angels, and gather assemblies which are forbidden. If, therefore, any shall be found giving him- self up to this secret idolatry, let him be accursed, because he hath forsaken our Lord Jesus Christ, the son of God, and hath approached idolatry," (Concil Lao dicea can. 35 codiee, Canonum Eccles, univers, can. 139). The Council of Trent, in the 25th session, has decreed the very contrary. Where is infallibility? Which is right ? Is it the old or the new doctrines which we should follow ? The ancient Council of Illiberia, held about the year 305, decreed that " pictures ought not to be in the Church, lest that which is worshipped or adored should be painted on walls," (Con- cil. Elibertin. can. 36), which decree so annoyed Melchior Canus, one of the mo- dern doctors, that he writes " illa lex non imprudenter modo, verum etiam impie, a concilio lata est de tollendis imaginibus ;" that law was not only im- prudently but also impiously made con- cerning removing images or pictures, (Canus loc.' Theolog. Lib. 5, cap.'4, conclus 4). Yet the early fathers are against him, Epiphanius, Jerome, &c.; Four other Councils approved of the de- cree of Illiberis, patticularly the 7th General Council held at Constantinople, where 338 Bishops were present; yet at the 2nd Council at Nice, and that of Trent, have decreed the contrary. Where is infallibility? Are the ancients wrong and the modern Roman Catholics right ? The Council of Ancyra, held in the year 308, and confirmed by the General Council,of Nice, annö domini 325, which they will allow to be confirmed by Pope Sylvester, decreed that such as in their ordination did declare their purpose to marry, if they did so, should continue in their ministry, (Concil. Ancyran. Can. Codice vero Can. 10, Eccles, univers. Can. 30). And the 6th General Council, confirmed by Pope Adrian the First, decreed, " that the lawful marriages of holy men should be valid ; but whosoever is found diligent, should no way be hin- dered from that office because of living with his lawful wife. Therefore if any shall presume, contrary to the Apostles' rules, to deprive any Presbyters or Dea- cons of communion with their lawful wives, let them be deposed (can. 13). Indeed, in the 6th of those canons, which the Church of Rome calls Apostolical, it is also written, "let not a Bishop or a Presbyter, upon pretence of religion, put away his wife, but if he do" let him be excommunicated." ' If he persist therein, let him be deposed, (Caranz. sum Con eil,p'. 14). Many other ancient Councils decreed in favour of the marriage of the clergy, Saint Paul writing to Timothy, I Tim. iii. 2, says, "it is lawful, and there is abundance of proof, that tho ancient clergy did marry." Yet the Council of Trent has decreed, " that if; any shall say it is lawful for them to marry, let him be accursed," (sess. viii, can.-; 9). Which of these Councils is right and infallible? At the Generai Council held at Chalcedon, in the year 481, consisting of 630 fathers, the 7th accusation brought against the Bishop of Edessa, was, that there was not a suffi»- cient quantity of wine, according to ancient custom,'so that those who did administer were constrained to go to the taverns for more, (Council Chal. a put surium Tome II, act. 10). Yet the Councils of Constance and Trent have taken the wine away from the people con- trary to our Lord's command, " Drink ye all of this," Matt, xxv, 27. One of the principal reasons why the Council of Constance took away the wine in the holy communion was, as it informs us, " be- cause men's beards might touch the wine," and in Dr Doyle's Abridgment of his Christian Doctrine, page 89, he confesses that the ancient Christians took the communion in both kinds. 