ADVANCE AUSTRALIA SYDNEY GAZETTE. SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1839. CHINA. THE interest excited, in the Colony on The subject of affairs in China, arising from the recent stoppage of the tea trade, and the rumours of fresh disturbances between the Chinese authorities and the foreign residents at Canton, has induced us to examine the Canton papers received by the Jean with considerably closer attention than we are usually in the habit of bestowing on news from the Celestial Empire. It is scarcely necessary to inform our readers that both the former disputes, which terminated in the total cessation of the tea trade for a time, and the late quarrels, the result of which has not yet transpired, have their origin in the reso- lution of the Chinese authorities to put a stop to the contraband trade in opium, and the apparently equally decisive reso- lution of certain parties in Canton and Macao to persist, at all risks, in carrying on a traffic, which is rendered more and more lucrative by every successive effort to suppress it. The stoppage of the tea trade was a measure resolved upon by the Chinese Government towards the close of last year, as the most likely to prove effectual in preventing the importation of opium by foreigners ; and the dealing in opium by any Chinese subject, was ren- dered a crime punishable with strangula- tion. Captain ELLIOT, R.N. the Prin- cipal Superintendent of British trade in China, appears to have done every thing in his power to co- operate with the Chi- nese authorities; but his efforts to sup- press the opium trade seem to have been equally as ineffectual as theirs. The Go- vernor of Canton, who, judging from the inflated style of his Proclamations, seems disposed to carry matters with a high hand, on the 12th December last, di- rected the execution of a native dealer in opium to take place right in front of the Foreign Factories in Canton, apparently for the purpose of giving a genteel hint to the foreign offenders that the authori- ties would not stick at trifles in effecting their object ; but the preparations for the intended tragedy being observed in time, the foreigners, consisting of English, American, French, and Dutch residents in Canton, turned out in such numbers, that the Chinese executioners were glad to scamper off without accomplishing their object. On the first of January, after a lengthened correspondence between the Chinese authorities and Captain ELLIOT and the General Chamber of Commerce, the tea trade was resumed, and, notwith- standing the renewed disturbances still continues open. However ridiculous the pompous tone of language assumed by the Chinese au- thorities may seem, the philanthropist cannot but cordially approve of the efforts they are making to put a stop to a trade which seems to be infinitely more preni- for the sale of opium will be strangled, and he who smokes it will be transported. And mayhap you would like to make a trial of the laws in your own pei coincide in this point of view with the framer of the original document ; so far from considering a poor devil, in the situation he has described, as ben every man with a heart in his breast, bound to look upon him with sincere pity.—Trantosler. rious in its moral effect than even the rum trade is in this Colony. The fol- lowing Proclamation sufficiently explains the motives by which the Chinese autho- rities are actuated in atlempting to put a stop to the importation of opium. Praclamation to the People of Cantan. [Translated for The Canton Register.] Law, acting Nanhae magistrate, and CHANG ma- gistrate of the Pwan yu district, inform the public that they have received his excellency the vice- roy's commands-to cause to be printed and uni- versally circulated-the ten observations made upon opium by the scholar KOO KING SHAN - a native of the district of Keang ning - in the pro vine of Keang soo - and append thereto his recipe for the curing of opium smoking On the deadly poison, Opium. Opium is a poisonous drug, which comes from beyond sea. When asked what are the good qualities produced by it, it is answered, " it raises the spirits, so as to be insensible to weariness, ' therefore it is, that so many of us Chinese have constantly fallen into its bewitching snare ! At first it is begun to be used, merely from a wish to follow the fashion of the day, afterwards, when its poisonous influences have pervaded the system, continual renovation is required; its unhappy vic- tim sleeps like a corpse, and grows lean and meagre like a ghost : this is the manner in which it insi- diously carries on its attacks against human life ! Moreover it is a very expensive article, the price of it is high, it cannot he obtained except by giving for it its weight of silver ; at first it dissipates a man's substance ; finally it utterly empties his house : of all the calamities ever visited upon man kind, none in magnitude can be compared to this ! I say that that ten times more fatal than arsenic ! For the wretch who betakes himself to this poison, has commonly lost the respect of his fellow men, his affairs cannot be retrieved, he is without resource, so he drains the fatal cup and expires ! But he who takes delight in smoking opium, receives one calamity on the back of another in deadly succession. I have been asked to give my sentiments on the subject, for the warn- ing of the people against its snare, mid they are as follows :- The opium smoker exposes himself - In the first place, to have his animal spirits quickly and completely destroyed. When be at first commences the smoking of opium, he feels his spirits wonderfully elevated but be ought to know that his animal spirits take not their rise externally but internally, and that he is merely using unnatural means to raise them above their natural level. I compare it to a lump which you ore continually trimming, and reason tells us that if we do so, the oil will soon be burned out, and the lamp speedily extinguished. Thus, then, young people, who delight in opium, must die prematurely, they can- not leave posterity behind them, and their wives, fathers, and mothers, must be left exposed to cold and want ! Middle aged and old people, who smoke opium, must shorten the period of existence that nature would otherwise have allotted them, a circumstance which truly calls forth our com- passion ! In the second place, to have bis profession or lawful calling go to wreck and ruin. He who is in authority and smokes opium, cannot have time to attend to his public business himself - however important it may be : the merchant who smokes it, delays and loses the opportunity of making money, and all his affairs get in arrear ; for losing one's time and for dissipating one's estate, never was there a drug so fatal as this ! In the third place, to have his own flesh and blood waste away before his eyes! If a robust man smokes it, his beef insensibly falls from him, and his skin hangs about him like a bag. If a delicate person smokes it, his face becomes black as charcoal, his bones lean as lathes: those who see him know well, that be must soon speedily take up his abode in the church-yard ! In the fourth place, to impoverish himself. If a rich person smokes it, his estate must soon be spent. To smoke opium, it is necessary for two persons to lay beside each other on the couch ; there they puff and chat away, and thus their en- joyment is at the full. Day by day they spend several pieces of silver in buying this hateful drug ; they invite friends and balloo to comrades who are birds of a feather; their money melts away very fast, and do you reader say that this state of matters can last long? In the fifth place; to have his appearance changed to an aspect most hideous to behold ! He who smokes this drug for a length of time, fuels a constant loathing and laziness ; be cares not for big meals, and finds difficulty in corresponding to the common courtesies of life. When the period for renovating his system with a fresh dose of the poison comes round, be cannot desist from taking hold of his opium pipe ; rheum and snot flow apace \- his whole frame seems withered and rotten, and the bye-standers on seeing him look so funny, can- not refrain from shouts of laughter !* In the sixth place; to have reports spread abroad unfavorable to bis good name. If a man has been long in the habit of smoking opium, his wife natu- rally follows the bad example; if they smoke to ex- cess, the night is turned into dar, and no distinc- tion made between the outer and inner apartments ; out of this state of matters may spring a great many scandalous occurrences that we dare do us more than hint at ; truly, then, it may be said that such a state of things is much to be regretted! In the seventh place ; to have his secrets blazed abroad ; among opium smokers, without distin- guishing between the noble and the base - they all lie upon the same couch and puff away. While in this state (in vine veritas) they talk about what- ever is uppermost in their minds without any re- serve. Truly does the proverb say, if a man speak too much, some of his words must come amiss ; if an honorable man bear him, it may per- haps be no great matter, but if a mean man hear him, it is hard to secure that he won't suffer for it afterwards ! In the eighth place; to be involved in the net of the law. Whether he be buying it or smoking it, should he meet with any base blackguards, these make use of it us a pretext to squeeze him, or ex- tort his money. Should the affair get wind, be will then be brought up before the mandarins for trial and punishment ; when he who opens a shop for the sale of opium will be strangled, and he who smokes it will be transported. And mayhap you would like to make a trial of the laws in your own persons would you? In the ninth place ; to have the poison enter his very marrow and vitals ! He who has been in the habit of smoking it long, has his viscera and glands full of hairy worms or insects ; these send up their poisonous breaths and attack the intestines:—the stomach and bowels are wounded in consequence, and Loo Parn himself (the Chinese ESCULATIUS) We must protest against being supposed to In the ninth place ; to hare the poison enter his very marrow and vitals ! He who has been in the habit of smoking it long, has his viscera and glands full of hairy worms or insects ; these send up their poisonous breaths and attack the intestines :-- the stomach and bowels are wounded in consequence, and LOO PEEN himself (the Chinese ESCULATIUS) * We must protest against being supposed to coincide in this point of view with the framer of the original document; so far from considering a poor devil, in the situation be tins described, as being a fit object of mirth, we should conceive every man with a heart in his breast, bound to look upon him with sincere pity. - Trantoslar, could do nothing in his behalf ! Look now at those I shortsighted people who wish to put an end to their existence ! They mix up a little opium in its raw state, and the moment they swallow it, their bowels burst, the blood gushes out from their seven orifices, their whole body becomes livid and putrid, and they die ! There is no medicine known that can cure the effects of this deadly poison. I myself, while travelling along the bunks of Yang tsze keang, saw a fellow, who was an opium smoker. The time of renovation came round, and ho was short of the drug, so having no means to satisfy the (horseleech-like) craving, he sought a way to destroy himself. He caught up by mistake a cup of chainam oil, (imagining it to be poison,) and drank it off;'-when he was seized with an unceasing vomiting, and, in the end, he spewed up a whole heap of these insects ! - Their heads were red and variegated, their whole body was covered with hair, they were upwards of an inch in length, and when they were spewed upon the ground they kept wambling about to the great fear and astonishment of the spectators!! In the tenth place, to lose his life, (by external causes induced by ibis vice.) The poor man who smokes it, must soon pawn every article he has in his house, - when he must sit down and cross his hands in despair ! Being now perfectly out at el- bows, and being unable to get over the renovating period, the infallible consequence is, that he will be led to sell or pawn his wife and children ! ! I, with my own eyes, saw this in the case of a person sur- named ( HIN - a native of the province of Ganhwny. He had no sons, so he bought a concubine, whom he managed to get with child. Afterwards his purse became quite empty through opium smoking, his vitals were being gnawed from want of reno- vation, he could not get over it at all, so having no other way of satisfying the disease, he took his to I pregnant concubine and sold her for several tens of taels! When this money was all spent, he went (like another JUDAS) and hanged himself ! and is there anything more lamentable than this ? Now, in reference to the ten foregoing observa- tions made upon the evils resulting from opium, every one knows distinctly that they are the con- sequences to which opium-smoking must inevitably lead! If the depraved hear me, and still will not awake (tom their depravity, there is nothing in this that a man may feel astonished or offended at ! But I sincerely pity those refined and talented men, who have been gradually falling into its be- witching snare, which threatens to lead them to poverty, and afterwars an untimely end ! If ye hear me, and yet refute to leave off the evil habit, is not this indeed to be pitied ! With a sincere feeling of compassion for those unhappy victims who have, under a wrong impression of its quali- ties, commenced opium-smoking, and gone on till they require the renovating drug, who repent of their folly, but who cannot get rid of their bane, f, looking up to the goodness of mercy, and feeling anxious, like her, to do something in behalf of the human race, have taken a secret prescription of wonderful efficacy in curing the said evil habit of opium-smoking, and had it engraved and printed in order that it be disseminated over the whole em- pire. Hoping that it may serve as pointing out the ford or ferry to the foolish man, I have had it an- nexed to this same document. (Here follows the said medical prescription, but being ignorant of the mimes of the Chinese medicines that compose it, we are unable to give a translation.) Who the parties are who, by persisting in the smuggling of opium, are endanger- ing the property, and probably the lives of the whole of the British residents in China,-and it maybe involving the Chi- nese in a war with the European powers which cannot be brought to a termination without an immense sacrifice of human life, does not distinctly appear. The Chi- nese lay the offence at the doors of the Foreign residents, and the latter in return retort upon the Chinese ; even alleging that the Governor of Canton himself, and several of the other high functionaries of the Chinese Government are closely con- nected with it. Mr. JARDINE (the senior partner in the firm of JARDINE, MATHESON & Co.,) being about to bid a final adieu to Canton, the Foreign resident merchants invited him to a public dinner, and the resident Parsee merchants presented him with an address expressive of their respect, and their intention to request his acceptance of a service of plate of the value of a thou- sand guineas. Mr. JARDINE'S speech, when returning thanks at the public dinner, throws some light upon the diffi- culty referred to above. Mr. JAIIDINE says : I hold, gentlemen, the society of Canton high ; it holds a high place, in my opinion, even among the merchants of the east ; yet I also know that this community has often heretofore and lately been accused of being a set of smugglers ; this I distinctly deny ; we are not smugglers, gentlemen ! It it the Chinese Government, it is the Chinese officers who smuggle, and who connive at and encourage smug- gling, not we ; and then look at the E. I Company why the father of all smuggling and smugglere is the E I. Company. Whatever interruptions the continual quarrels between the Chinese authorities and the Foreign residents, arising from this practice of smuggling, may occasion to the tea trade, it is certain that the English and Colonial tea markets can only be affected in so far as the supplies may be more irregular ; for the Chinese are too dependent upon the prosecution of the trade to admit of its suspension for any lengthened period. Knowing this, it is amusing to peruse some of the Proclamations to Foreigners. Take, for instance, the following extract from a Proclamation made by TANG, Governor of the two Kwang Provinces, and EE, Fooyuenof Kwang-tung, conjointly :- Whereas, it has been graciously permitted by the heads of the Chinese Empire to foreigners of every nation to come hither for commercial pur- poses, now nearly two hundred years; .during which time ye have been steeped in the goodness and bounty of our Emperors, and have obtained profit and advantage beyond all measure ; more- over, the tea and rhubarb of our central land are indispensable articles for ye foreigners ! Now much your very lives depend upon them ye cannot indeed but know ! Our Empire of China has not the slightest necessity to trade with you ; but could ye exist a single day were ye not to trade with us? In spite of this obvious truth, however, for several tens of years, back, have ye been looking at ye the article opium, as the sole way to realise profit, Your opium store ships convey and warehouse the drug in unbroken succession, which has led to native traitors connecting themselves with you in the sale thereof; and our ignorant common people, taking delight in smoking it, have now he- come accustomed to the odious habit : the evil has gradually spread over the whole coast, and infected every Province of the Empire ! With a view to the more effectual sup- pression of "the opium trade an Imperial ta Commissioner has been appointed to ef fect, if possible, its entire annihilation. This officer, at the date of the latest in- telligençe, had arrived at Canton, and it was said was actively employed in inves- tigating the connexion of some high officers of the Government with the con- traband traffic. The appointment is thus spoken of in one of the Proclamations referred to :- Finally, it appears that at this present moment the Great Emperor is now despatching an Imperial I Commissioner to Canton ; whose especial business it will be to take note of these transactions con- nected with the seaports of China. He is not now far off; his arrival may lie expected every hour He intends to cut off the fountain of abuse ; to do away utterly with the great evil : to effect this he is determined to sink his ships and break caul- drons (i. e. to take the most desperate measure*), nor will he stay his hand till all be pure in his sight! The ridiculous assumption of superiority n0 j over all other powers, which the Procla- mations of the Chinese authorities dis- play, can scarcely fail to afford amuse- ment to die reader. The following are specimens:- Replying to a communication from Captain ELLIOT, TANG, the Governor of the two Kwang Provinces, says :- The said superintendent is not devoid of under- standing : why, then, does be evade the question and pretend ignorance (as to the proper official forms as above stated.) - Still further, the King of Great Britain has hitherto been reverently obedient and submissive; and, you, being his servant, can you interfere in a concern that concerns only the mind of your sovereign I comply with and strictly fulfil the duties of your station ; it is this course that will obtain for you the praise of your sovereign ; how can you anticipate that you will be blamed (for petitioning) 1 So it is useless for the said superintendent to indulge himself in an unneces- sary degree of trouble and anxiety on this account. In one of the Proclamations to Fo- reigners made by TANG and EE, con- jointly, it is said :- The indignation of the Great Emperor has been fairly aroused at these wicked practices ! and the hourly thought of his heart is to do away with (them forever. In the capital he has commanded the great officers of state to deliberate upon and draw up the severest statutes : an the provinces he has ordered the governors and inferior officers to see that the laws be enforced with the utmost rigor ! It is the voice of the Great Emperor, us of Heuven itself, that gives forth the command-aud where he wills it, it cannot but take effect ! Replying to a memorial from H. H. ¡n I LINDSAY, Esq., Chairman of the General Chamber of Commerce, TANG says : - Yesterday the foreign merchants, RUSSELL and others, presented a petition, and I, the governor, replied in a luminous and explicit manner ; to day, you foreigners again como to my office und annoy me with your puny winning ; such conduct is really disgusting ; and it is plain that some native traitors are inciting you, that ,th«y may profit by yourstupid trifling. Wy indignation has truly no bounds, and on disoovery of those tiaitors, I will most assuredly prosecute them with the most un- relenting severity. The latest paper before us-a Canton Free Press, Extra, dated the 27th Fe- bruary, gives the subjoined account of the breaking forth of a fresh disturbance Letters from Batavia bring news of a subsequent date, tho substance of which appeared in our last. Execution of a Chinese in front of the Factories.-Tha Governor of Canton lias effected the threat made to the Chamber of Commerce two months since, that criminals guilty of trading io Opiumwereinfutureto.be executed in front of the foreign Factories. Last evening, at about half past five o'clock, some soldiers were seau making their Bppoarance, armed with halberds, lance» and matchlocks, without however exciting much atten- tion, it being thought that some minor punishment might perhaps be inflicted, such as Hogging, which is not an uncommon occurrence on that spot. But a mab being soon collected, it was found upon enquiry that a man quilty of dealing in Opium was to be strangled ; and long before this was gene- rally known among the foreign community, or indeed could be prevented by any act of tbe foreigners, tbe deed had been committed, and this fresh insult hld been offered to foreigners residing in Canton. The authorities bad taken their mea- sures with such secrecy, and carried them into effect with so much precipitation, that five minutes bad not elapsed between the arrival of the soldiers and the death of the man. HOWQUA and (he two other Senior Hong merchants received sudden orders immediately to proceed to the front of the Factories, and nt tb» moment of the former's arrival the unhappy culprit was strangled, before even the Kwang beep had arrived. A numerous guard of soldiers, headed by officers on horse and mule back had in the meanwhile formod a circle round the gallows to keep off the mob ; many foreigners had by this time collected on the spot, and some who were able to speuk Chinese remon- strated with HOWQUA and the Kwang beep con- cerning this insult offered them, but, the act having already been committed, of course, without thereby mending affairs. The authorities and soldiers, alter having staid altogether not more than perhaps twenty minutes, withdrew carrying away the corpse. The hurried manner in which tbe whole uffair was conducted shewed but too clearly the apprehensions of the authorities of another attempt at preventing the execution, as happened on the lath of December, and it is very likely tbat had it been known in time, such attempt would have been mude, though we believe with little chance or ultimate success 'on the part of foreigners, for not only did iho Chinese Police-soldiers musterstrong, but there eau be little doubt that others were in reserve to overpower all resistance. Moreover, (be time chosen was the dinner hour of the Chinese, and that likewise when many of the foreign resi- dents take exercise on the water, and therefore when the authorities were most likely to succeed without hindrance to their scheme. Considering all matte» diipa*tionately, we coma to the cone!« ißt. I sion lint it is rather« mutter of congratülu'ioñ use j than otherwise that the foreign residents had 'no time given them to oppose the execution, for. it is but too likely that wounds would have been given and received, and actual ucts of violence on the part of a few foreigners against the Chineso authorities, cannot possibly omi to the ntl van I ago of the former, the moro so us we know from sad experience that we have the sympathies of;the people by no means with us, as was shown on the lilli December last, and that wo must not be blinded to the fact that the safety of our persons and property can only be seoured by the protection afforded to both by the Chinese Government. After the execution lind taken place, many of the British residents deliberated upon the best means of demonstrating to the Chinese how dooply they felt and resented the insult offered to the commu . nity, und it was nt one time intended to have cut down the British flag staff; hut this being over- ruled, the address to the second Superintendent, which we give a copy below, was rosolved on, and received the signature of most of the British here, many signatures in our copy being still wanting, as the paper had not finished its circulation. Air. JoHNsroN has acceded to the request that the Bri- tish flag may not again he hoisted until reference can be made to If. Al. Chief Superintendent, and the American, Dutch, and French Consuls, have also on application agreed not to'hoist their re- spective flags this morning; mid a meeting of I Americans now in Canton was convened by their Consul this morning, of which we shall give par- ticulars ' elow. For the present the not hoisting of the flags is the only manner foreignei a have to shew the Chi- nese that they resent the insult offered them, and it remains for Captain ELLIOT (O determine whether his flag is to continue to fly in a public place of execution. The Chinese, we understand, wish to make it appear that the afluir was not meant as an I insult to foreigners ns, though the execution took place in front of the Factories, yet the spot chosen was exactly opposite to Old China-street ; this latter is n Tact, but is merely n quibble, and will be regarded worthless as such by foreigners ; the Chinese also concluded that the insult was lessened by the body not being left at the place of execu- tion, but exposed afterwards in some other place. We have thus merely stated the circumstances as they happened, and refr.iin for the present to offer a comment on these unhappy occurrences, and it only remains to say a few words about the culprit. This unfortunate roan WHS a native of Whampo.i, and, when in September last, the Mandarins at tempted to search the houses there, is said to have been very active in his opposition to the officers, and to have caused the death of some. He after- wards made his escape, but the Government hav- ing retained his father, mother, and brother as hos- tages, and moreover offered a reward of 1000 dol- lars for his appréhension, he, to liberate his reta" lives, gave himself up, receiving at the sume time the offered reward in money. Ho was conveyod to the place of execution in a bamboo basket, and wns heard whilst being carried through the streets, to exclaim thut he was innocent. His name is Fuso ASOAV, aged 34 years* We hear that letters have been received from Macao, stating that the Opium Commissioner was daily expectud thereat Casa-brauca, and that great I preparations had beenptade to receive him. It is moreover rumoured thafthis officer has been in and about Canton in cog for some days to obtain cor- rect information. From Canton many Chop-boats have been despatched within the last hw days, containing combustibles, and it is said that war boats aro collecting at Hongkong, to act against the fleet there. It is also saul that the Mandarin ut ( asa-branca in Alacao has received accounts of un engagement haying taken place on the .East coast between u foreign vessel and a war junk, in which it is said eight Chinese have been killed! Under existing circumstauces the confirmation of this news is expected with considerable anxiety. led vou aon be »vil and ip ial ef >n. in it !S Bl« in ent .¡al I ess Dn ow ur- do he ul his ity la- is- se trel >m{ tor ler ion cial i"f aid "OU ind lim hat r»; ted aid sen the ith led ind he to arl ren he H. ral ind or, ay. toy 