ACCESS TO THE CHINESE. " Though we are not yet permitted," says the Rev. Mr. Lockwood, the American Episcopal Missionary, "to sound on tbe vails of Zion, that China has thrown wide open her gates and is calling upon us for the bread of life to feed het hundreds of millions of perishing souls, we have a call jpon us far more than has been done for e them. Have we earnestly besought the Lord in much , prayer that be wbuld turn the hearts of their rulers to be favorable to his cause, and to prepare the way for his coming and establishing his authority over this mighty nation? and havt we shown ourselves ready to come forward and perform our duty to him in this work as soon as he shall tliiscall for our aid? Where are the men, prepared by ^knowledge of the language and people, who would be riady to meet such a call were it now made? . V " Not less than a million of the people of that empire are living beyond the reach" of its prohibitory edicts, and to whom there is no diflcuitv of access by the missionary. What has yet been conc'for their conversion to the Gospel, and' thus preparing the way for its extension into their own country ? Where are the schools and seminaries for the education of their youth, in order to raising up a powerful and efficient auxiliary for the work among themselves? The Chinese, as a nation, arc a literary people, and learning and intelligence will never fail to meet vith respect among them. To be extensively useful, therefore, their teacbers must be well educated and able men; and such men there would be little difficulty in rearing up, were the proper means put in exorcise. But ill this way almost nothing has as yet been attempted. Have ive then done all that can be done at present for China? Rather do we not manifest something different from a spirit of humble obedience, if we withhold our sympathies and efforts for its conversion, because the Lord <iocs not see fit that the work should be begun on so graid a scale, and with such sudden and extensive revolutions as we may wish ? Can we indeed reasonably expect that he will hear our prayers and grant our desires for a wider sphere of opportunity among the Chinese, if in our eagerness for something greater, we overlook and neglect those he has already placed before us ?" Letters from Rev. J.- J. Roberts, and Rev. J. Lewis Schuck, American Baptist Missionaries at Macao, present a gratifying view of their labors. That of Mr. Schuck requests a new supply of the Society's publications, including an entire set for his library, which were immediately forwarded to the amount of 50,000 pages. Mr. Roberts writes as follows: — " Brother Schuck and myself make daily progress in the distribution of books and tracts among the Chinese at this place; and we have not as yet met with the least difficulty in our work. We hope, so soon as we shall be supplied with means, to be enabled to enlarge our operations. Besides the city of 'Macao, (containing about 35.000 heathen population,) there arc six or seven Chinese villages on tlie Macao peninsula to which we have unrestrained access—one or other of which we visit nearly every evening. "We find the field here, right here, 'while unto the harvest,'^ind much more extensive and flattering-in prospect than we even anticipated. And from the mixed nature of the government of this place we cannot now see how we shall ever be hindered from our work; and indeed, the Lord willing, we intend to test fully how far we can go, and what the Gospel can do for the Chinese." Mr. Schuck, in giving a history of Aliea A Loo, the says — " ' " He is a native of tha eastern part of this province. He emigrated from his country about eight years ago, and fell in with many Christian books, the constant perusal of which led him, more than two years ago, to abandon the idols and superstitions of his countrymen. For some time he has been an anxious inquirerafter truth, and for several months the loveliness of his walk and conversation has caused us to believe him to be a genuine disciple of the Saviour." He desires now to be the means of teaching others. This is another evidence of his attachment to Christ. But I cannot help feeling sometimes unhappy, when 1 reflect how liable lie will be to persecution and imprisonment, should his profession of Christ be found out. A young man now lies in prison at Canton, because his father, whom they could not catch, professed Christianity. The death-warrant of Leaug A fa, the Chinese evangelist, now at Malacca, has already been signed." Mr. Schuck, at a later date, ascertained that Abea A Loohadreceivedinstructionfrom thellev.Mr. Thomson late Danish missionary at Singapore. Mr. Rottger, missionary at Rhio, a Dutch settlement, a few hours' sail front Singapore, says: — " I distributed in the course of last year more than 10,000 copies of the Bible and Tracts amongst the Chinese at Ithio, ii: its interior and in the port. Oil a tour to Banka, 8,000, and at Palembang in Sumatra, 4,000. At Banka they inquired for more. The whole population of that island may be 11,000 or 12,000 Chinamen, being employed in the tin mines for wages from the Dutch government. If circumstances permit, I shall repeat this tour next year. As most part of the Chinese arc able to read, they are very desirous of getting Tracts, and there is no doubt they read every book written in their language." " At Muntok, in Banka, they built a new Chinese temple. I went ill with the eternal Gospel in my hand, and gave the workmen some copies, and spoke with them about that one thing which is needful for saving their immortal souls. Immediately the temple was crowded with Chinamen, seeming to be glad of what they heard and read. In this way the Gospel has bc^n preached in this temple before it was ready to act their idolatrous superstition in it." THE ATONEMENT The Atonement has a moral result ; and it is by this .that it becomes, as has been stated, moM, of.ocqoinPi.-lii..J^- ll,.. Uiat the laws of God shali be written in the hearts of his people. " Not by works of righteousness which we have done; but according to his mercy he saved us bv the washing of regeneration, even the renewing of the Holy Ghost, which he shed on us abundantly, through Jesus Christ our Saviour."—Titus, iii, 5, 6. The sentence of condemnation constitutes a legal bar in the way of communication of that special influence which alone can free from the influence of sin ; and this bar is removed only by the atonement of Christ. The Holy Spirit is accordingly represented as given us as the reward of his death, and in answer to his intercession..—John, xiv. 16, 17; Gal. iii. 13,14. Having answered the claims of justice and secured the right of the divine government, the sacrifice of Christ becomes tbe channel through which that supernatural influence flows, which is employed to change the disposition of the sinner But the heart is influenced by motives in a way suited to its nature, and these motives are all inseparably connected with the atonement The doctrine of tbe atoning blood of the Redeemer affords such a display of infinite mercy and grace, that when seen in the light of the spirit of God, the enmity of tbe heart is subdued. Love produces love. The mere knowledge of duty will not produce cordial obedience in a corrupted mind; but the display of divine love which is made in the Gospel, where it appears infinitely removed from everything like weakness, and is associated with all that is venerable in truth and in purity, in holiness and justice, at once wins the affections and commands the reverence of tbe heart. Here there is such a manifestation of the character of God, as at once amiable and resplendent, that complacency is excited in each and all of bis perfections. He whose enmity was formerly festered by the tormenting sense of guilt in his conscience, and whose attempts to serve God flowed not from love, but.from the dread of bis wrath, has his conscience purifled through the blood of the Lamb; and while hlsguilty soul finds Test, where the justice of heaven foundit, the love of God is implanted in his heart He is struckwiththe wondrous glory of that work through which he basobtained deliverance ;and though iiappy in the sense of pardoning mercy, it 'JB : the height of his ambition, to "be like, in the disposition; and temper of his mind, to the character of Hun who. .loved him, and gave "himself for him. Thus it is that "the great promises of the covenant come to be iul-" filled. "L The commandment now comes from another Mount than Sinai. But if we see not a mount burning with fire, and enveloped in darkness and tempest, we see one on which there bleeds and dies the Son of the-Highest, to expiate our guilt, and to honour that law which we had despised. And is not this a much more impressive display of the glory of Him with whom is terrible Majesty ? Is it asked how then does it not cause us utterly to sink under over-whelming terror? The reason is this, It is that very " Mount of the Lord" on which the Lamb was provided for a burnt-offering, on which there settles eternally the meridian sunshine of celestial love, and from which the voice of the judge is heard, saying: " This is my beloved Son in whom 1 am well pleased." And will not this manifestation of glory have a transforming effect,>-will it not be far more influential than the scene of Sinai—will it not write the law of the Redeemer deeply on our hearts,—in a word, will it not make our very souls to thrill, when tbe friend of sinners, and the Man of Sorrows calls to us from the cross and says: " If ve love, me keep my commandments," "Talk they of Morals? Oh 1 thou bleeding love, the grand morality is love of thee."— Correspondent. 