CHAPTERS ;FROM 'A WEEK OF PLEA SCREs'— It} BLACKWOOD'S MAGAZINE, FUR MARCH. Sotne — Margate. ..... Puddtcombe having secured lodgings in a back-street, leading out of the market place, took his course to the jetty to join his friend Hicks and family m a sailing trip to the Rcculvcrs. On arriving at the ?ctty, he found the whole dynasty of the Hicksps stand ing dote by a targe pleasure-boat that lay alongside the landing place. The instaul they caught sight or him they went on board, whither he followed ; and in a few minutes the vessel stood out to sea, with a merry crew of not less than twenty, attracted by the breezy freshness of the day, which pave promise of a delightful sail. i''ur the first half-hour or so, nothing could exceed the gratification of the whole party. Giles, in particular, was in ccsuicies, and watched the receding town through a four- shilling telescope which he had purchased on liis way to the ieity, with the liveliest emotion ; while Mr. Hicks busied himself with distributing n bag full of giiigci'urcMd nuts among bis children, greatly to the amusement of the helmsman, a grave, quiet, old sailor, whose ironical expression of countenance conveyed a world of meaning. Next to Giles sat a portly, good-liumoured dame, with a fniMj like a full moon; and right opposite to him, two slim young ladies, dressed out in all eons of fine colours, and manifestly inoculated with a notion that they wore both pretty and genteel. They were attended by their brother, « raw dandy in a rough pilot coat, who kept «nokiiiz uigare. and lestimr between whiles with a smart negro boy, fur which unbecoming familiarity his sisters reproved him every now and then, with a' significant nudge with their parasols. This interesting group maiuuiued a:i icy reserve towards the rest of the party, whence it was clear that tlity were East-cud ciclueivcs iiflirsi water, who had no nation of mining themselves up with low tradesmen end 'sfch-like;' and, indeed, iheir black footboy sufficiently betokened their quality, fur he had a gold lace band round his bat, at least twice as bruad as Hie order of the garter. When the vessel hadgptaboutsii' miles from Margate, she began to plunge and roll under the inBuence of a freshening wiud; which had Ihc effect of putting a gradual stop to the talking and laughing that up to this period had been prodigious. The young Indies ceased their lisping pr.itlb iluoui 'the last new novel ;' their brother threw away his cigar with an air half-swaggering, 1ml/- sheepish ; Mrs. liicks stopped her remonstrances with her husband, for allowing tlic children to cat till 'they were fit to burst;' Giles looked like Othello, 'perplexed in the extreme ;'— inshurt.a subdued gravity, betokening an apprehension of some Impending calamity, to which however no one as yet ventured to allude, took place of the former sportive demcanourof tins predestined party ; and many a wistful glance was cast towards the distant coast. Matters were in this slate, when suddenly a yellow tint, succeeded by a faint bluish one, was observed to creep across the cheeks, and finally to settle in the nose, of one of the fairctclusivcs, who, taking outa vinaigrette, and turning her face to the wind, said to her sister, with a sigh, ' very delightful, love ; isn't it ?' ' Very, indeed !' was the reply, followed, however, by a wan, pensive smile, that indicated far less of pleasure than embarrassment. ' U ? that cigar,' exclaimed their brother, ' 1 shouldn't wonder if 1 were' ? ' Don't mention it George ; there's a dear,' said both his sisters in a breath, at the same time yawning so pro foundly, as to set a dozen others yawning from very sympathy. Gilds watched these symptoms with much uneasiness, which were stitl further increased, when, on glancing a hasty look at the plump dame at his elbow, he observed that her nose was tipped with a bleak, blue tint, and pinched In at the bridge, as though it bad been just sub jected to the gentle compression of a pair of tongs, ' I hope, Marm,' he s-'iitl, in a low, compassionate tone, ' 1 nope you don't find the rocking of the ship too much for you ?' 'Oh dear, no,' rejoined the lady with unexpected vivacity, ' 1 don't mind being a Ijltlc sickisu ; indeed, I came out for that purpose, for ray medical man in Lun nun'says as it's good for' ? ' Bless my heart, Marm ! What, come out in order to be' ? for the life of him, Puddicombc could not complete the sentence. * Wfaca he had somewhat recovered from iiis bewilder' ment, he looked anxiously about him with a view to secure a more eligible situation, for the lady's frank confesionhadlilledhimwiUlalwin;but in vain scrutiny; every seat in the boat was occupied ; so be had nothing left for it but to remain where he was. Scarcely bad he made up his mind to this cruel alternative, when a pathetic, 'Oh, what sltull 1 do?' issued from be neath a bonnet next him. He turned, and lo, bis fair neighbour succumbing with evident reluctance to that fiendish visitation, which but an instant before she had to ardently desired 1 The majority of the crew were not slow lo follow Tier example. Airs', liicks— pale droop ing floweret 1 hung her affectionate head on her husband's shoulder; the children lay stretched about, like logs, in all quarters; the young ladies evinced symptoms of goingolFin hysterics : and their brother muttered 'curses, not loud, but deep,' on the cigar, which, he observed, was Ihe sole cause of bis indisposition. I)ut decidedly the wont of the lot was tlie negro foot-boy, who, in the intervals of every paroxysm, (cent faintly crying out, ' Oh iny Gorr'otnighty, me just dead ! Me bring my heart up out of my mouth. Cus dis sickness 1 Nebber me feel any ting like it !' The sight of all this suffering was too tnucb for the Christian spirit of I'uddicomUe. The cold sweat stood on his forehead ; and swinging himself round, he shot his head over the ship's side, with a force and suddenness that seemed the result of a galvanic shock. When his first attack was over, he ventured to look about him, and saw old Hicks laughing heartily athismishap. 'Come, cheer up man,' exclaimed that worthy; 'don't give way, but take example by me. I'm a capital sailor; and all because I Moot give in. Mrs. Hicks, for God's sake, don't lean so heavily— depend on it, them that make up their minds not to be sick, ain't tick ; that's my maxim. 1 remember once ? Oh, the devil, 1 m booked at last 1' It was too true. Just as the 'capital sailor' was beginning his anecdote, the vessel gave a sudden, heavy roll, and compelled him, despite his boast, to follow the fashion set by the fat dame. Poor Giles, however, was in no mood to exult over the abashed grocer, for be felt, as he afterwards said, as if he had no life left in him. ' Oh Lord, have mercy upon me I' be faintly ejaculated, every time be lifted up bis head, 'I wish 1 had never come out. They call this a party of pleasure ! Deuce take all such parties. Would to God 1 had staid at home and stuck to the shop, instead of ? Ah, there 1 go again !' and no longer able to hold up, he flung himself along the floor in tlic midst of the little Hickscs, where he lay gathered up, like a hedgehog, and did not once stir 'till Ihc vessel readied the Ucculvcrs. No sooner, however, had he landed, than, as if by magic, he recovered all his energies ; and after lunching with his party at tlie inn, accompanied them on a ramble about the neighbourhood, 'till it was time to return to Margate. Luckily, the sail back was far different to what it had been in the morning s for, the wind having abated, the sea was comparatively smooth, and the crew once again in the highest spirits, with the exception of the young ladies, who seemed to think it incumbent on them to look as much as possible like delicate and in teresting invalids. As it was late when the vessel reached Margate, Mr. liicks insisted on Giles going home to take pot-luck with him, to which the latter acceded; and, in the even ing, they all went out for a itroll in the bazaars, where Puddicombc's good nature was put to a sore trial by the importunities of the young liickscs, who dragged him about the rooms, intrealing him to buy them whatever toys struck their fancy, and kept bawling out his name in a way that made him the object of general attraction, covering him with blushes. In vain their mother remon strated, and thcIrfaUier threatened llicm with 'alicking;' the darlings were neither to be coaxed nor bullied ; so the irritated Puddicombe was fain to give them the slip, and make a precipitate retreat from the Uataar, under the pretence that the heat of the rooms gave him a lieadach. On reaching his lodging!, the landlord— a tall, gaunt, melancholy-looking old sailor, with a slouching gait and a stoop in the shoulders— entered tile room with lights; and, ill reply to a question from Giles, as to whether Margate was not fuller than usual, replied with a stab, 'full? Ay, pretty well, considering; but nothing like what Si used to be. Them steamers have been tlie ruin of Margate.' 41 How so? Don't they bring down lots of company ?' ' Yes, but what sort of company? People ai go and take what they call fashionable apartments in those gim crack new houses on the cliffs, instead of coming and lodging with me in these nice tidy rooms, as they used to do thirty years ago. Those were Ihe times for Mar gate I My lodgings never stood empty then for weeks together, as they do now ; if I put up a bill one day, it was sure to be down tin- next; but them steamers nave put an end to all this. They've been the ruin of Mar gate.' Having thus given vent to his spleen, tbe querulous churl withdrew; and l'uddicombe occupied uimeclfllll lied time in penning a letter of business to hisapprcutico, find anuther to Holloway — a retired drysaltcr — in which lost, he expressed hiniEcff respecting his week of pleasure in terms which showed thai, as yet, it had not quite answered his expectation. Die lodgings of Margate have, it is well known, many desirable iwinls; but as nothing on earth is perfect, they have one material drawback — they are apt to be infested with fleas, who. during the summer and autumn months, when it is vulgar to be seen in London, leave thcirtown houses, and conic down by thousands to the seaside, in the carpet- bags, portmanteaus, &c.; of tbe unconscious cockneys. Quitting the metropolis in a delicate state of health, it is astonishing how soon these interesting insects begin to pick up strength— a painful fact, of which my unlucky hero 'as but too soon made aware, for he woke shortly after daybreak, in a stale of indescribable irrita tion produced by their gluttonous assaults. They nl lowed him, indeed, not the slightest respite, but stuck to him so persevcringly that he was compelled in self defence to quit his pillow, and dress himself, as well as he could, by the faint light that came straggling in at the widow. Having huddled onsisclothes. lie descended to his sitting-room, where he threw himself on a sofa, in the hope of being enabled lo have his deep out; but, findiug this impossible, he just waited till the day had fully broke, and then left the house, and bent his stops towards tlic sands, by way of wiliag away the time till breakfast. Jt was a bright, serene, autumn morning; but, being too earlv yet for the Margate folks lo be stirring, not a living object was to be seen, with the exception of a reaper or two, who, on their way out to the corn-fields that lie along the high lands between Brood stairs nnd Ramsgate, took the direction of the shore, as enabling them to indulge in the luxury of a cheap bath. As l'uddicombc pursued his course along the sands, which are here only accessible when the tide is fully out, hu soon forgot the night's annoyances; for the air, whirl] had that sharp, healthy, bracing fed that sends the blood spinning like quicksilver through the veins, blow freshly ugninst him, breathing of heaven, and inducing Ihc most cheerful thoughts. A more enlivening morn ing, indeed, was never seen. The long range of cliffs looked of dueling whiteness; the distant wave brake with the softest murmur, spilling itself, like creamy champagne, along the beach ; the sun, from behind the transparent, gold-edged clouds, that just tempered with out ouscunng his radiance, threw down long lines of light upon tbe smiling waters; and the only sounds that came lo the ear, were the sudden, exultant leap of some heavy fish, the crowing of the cock from the small farms that arc scattered along the heights, or the clang of the gull as he shot abruptly out from his nest among the rocks. Delighted— how could he be otherwise?— with his walk, Giles strolled briskly on, humming all sons of ivcly tunes, while the tawny sea-weed crackled under his vigorous tread, and the sidelong crab shot from his path into the crystal pools lea by the receding tide. On rounding a projecting point of Hie coast, he came upon o small sheltered bay, where there was a fine expanse of smooth sand, and where the cliff was scooped out into boles and caverns, some of which ran inland for many yards. Puddicombe halted when he reached this spot— it was so secluded— the and. looked bo soft and grateful to the naked foot, and the dry caves formed such a convenient hiding- place for his clothes, Unit he resolved— being I rather heated by exercise— to cool and refresh himself by a ' swim out'1 into tlie sea. Accordingly after look ing carefully about him, and ascertaining that no one was in sight, but a solitary individual who seemed to be catching crabs, and vras a great way off, he leisurely proceeded to undress— and, having deposited his clothes in one of the caves, scampered across the sands, which are here nearly a quarter of a mile broad, and flung himself headlong into the water. How delicious was his first plunge— bracing alibis muscles, stimulating bis nerves into the healthiest action, and diffusing a gene rous glow throughout bis frame ! So pleased was he with his bath, that he remained upwards of half an hour in the water, frolicking about with all the rampant vivacity of a young grampus; when, feeling a chill begin to creep over him, he cut half a-dozen energetic capers on the sands, like Don Quixote among the Brown Moun tains, and then darted into the recess where he had hid his clothes. What a spectacle here met his gozc! Tlie only dress visible was a reaper's! 'Oh,' he exclaimed, 'there is some mistake here ; I have come to tbe wrong place ;' and off he went, examining successively each nook and crevice in the cliff ; but, alas I no clothes were to be seen in any one of them, and not a soul was near ; thongh, at about the distance of half a mile, the dim outline of a man might have been observed, rattling along with great rapidity — no doubt for the sake of the exercise. With feelings of inconceivable dismay, Giles returned into Ihe cave, and, sitting down upon a bit of rock, cast a bewildered glance at the shapeless heap at his feet. Tat to do he knew not. He was two miles from Margate, and the people, attracted by the beauty or the morning, were already beginning to collect on the sands and along the cliff. After much painful rumination, in the course of which he imprecated a thousand impassioned curses on the rascal who had eloped with hisbest Sunday suit, he came to the conclusion that he must adopt one I of two alternatives— cither put on the reaper's dress, or j else walk back to Margate like unflgleavcd Adam, in a ] state of unsophisticated nature! This last scheme was, of course, not lo be thought of, so he decided on making a virtue of necessity; and, with on expression of face I that might have drawn tears from Democrilus, he pre- ! pared to put on the detested garb. As, with this view, j lie examined each separate article of apparel, he was well nigh going mad with rage. There were no stockings; | the shirt, which was shorn of its toil, was as yellow as a j canary ; the shoes had each a big hole at the toe ; the list was without a crown, the coat without a collar; and as for the trousers, it seemed a moot point, so rotten was the cloth, whether they would hold together till Giles ! reached Margate. I Hark ! footsteps arc approaching; and, peeping like a sly hag-fox out of his hole, 1'uddicornbe beheld three or four people rounding the projecting point of the cliff, not a hundred yards off him I further delay was now out of the question, so he commenced his inglorious toilette. Fortunately, the length of the trousers pro eluded the necessity of stockings ; hut, there being no braces, he was forced, like Sir Charles Wctherell, lo give them a hitch up every now and then. Having completed his picturesque equipment, he quitted the cave, and, with Ms oyosbeiitontlieground,as if absorbed in admiration of his toes, which kept perversely pro truding from his shoes, he sneaked back towards Margate, while more than one person who passed him, fcltstrongly disposed l-i|liand him over lo the constabulary on the mere strength of his looks and dress. ' I sny, Thompson,' observed a middle-aged gentle men, to a friend who waj walking with him on the sands, 'do you see that fellow there, skulking along close under Ihe cliff? Mark, my words, if ever there was a thief, he's one!' and he pointed with his cane towards Giles. ' He does, indeed, look a thorough rogue,' replied the other, with a scowl of virtuous abhorrence ; 'and what a bloody-thirsty expression of countenance the fellow has!' Mntteringepitlietsthese; butno wonder. Puddicombc was in rags, nnil looked sorrow-stricken; and poverty and suffering have always something criminal in their aspect 1 The forlorn young man was now within sight or Margate, when, on lifting up his eyes, for the first time since his exit from the cave, whom should he sec, bear ing directly down upon him, but all the familv of the Hicksesl The children were the first to recognise him, and pointed him out to their father, who, stopping short at the distance of a doten yards, and staring at him , as if he had been a ghost, said, ' My stars, Mrs. H., who have we got here ? Surely that can't be Puddicombe I' ' Yes, but it is though,' replied the eldest boy. ' Gracious goodness, and go His!' rejoined Mb mother, as Giles, his checks red-hot with blushes, slowly snuffled towards them, ' what can he have been a-doine to his seir. ' Never seen the like in all my born days!' observed Mr. Hicks : ?? I wouldn't give a brass fardon for all the clothes on his back.' Then addressing Giles, who was by this time close to him, ' Mr. Puddicombc,'' he added with grave dignity, ' how Is this, sir?' ' How it this P* exclaimed Giles, testily repeating the words, for bis spleen had got the better of his shuine facednoss, 'why, I've been robbed, that's how it is— robbed, sir, as ] may say, before my face, and in broad day light too;' and with these words, he detailed the whole particulars of the 'foul transaction. ' ' Upon my life I' said Air. Hicks, when lie had heard his story to an end, you're in high luck, Puddicombc. First you lose your carpet-bag, and then you lose the very clothes off your buck ; I suppose you'll lose your head next. Hah ! hah I hah I Egad, it's the best joke 1 ever heard, isu't it Mrs. H. ?' ' Joke I' replied Giles, 'a pretty joke to have to buy a new suit when my last was as good as new; and what's worse, to be obliged to walk to Margate in these vile, filthy, swindling rags,' and he gave a ferocious hitch up to his unsettled small-clothes. ' Oh, Ma, do look at his toes I' exclaimed the eldest boy to his mother, whose face was in a perfect blaze with suppressed laughter; 'do Jook at his toes; if they ain't peeping right through bis shoes 1' This was too much for Giles, who, casting a withering look at tlie boy, rushed away from the party, holding up his inexpressibles wilh both hands, while Mr. Hicks shot after him tremendous volleys of hah 1 habst which rang in his startled ears like a summons to execu tion. At last, after having been the object of many an admiring gaze, as he scuttled along the sands and through the streets of Margate, he arrived safe at his lodgings, end, without a moment's delay, summoned tbe landlord into his presence, to whom he explained— as be had pre viously done to the Hickses— the cause of his rueful plight. I nst ead of bu giving at him , as he had anticipated, tlie cynical old fellow, who had not a chuckle in his nature, merely shook his head, and observed, 'it all comes of them steamers! If there hadn't been no steamers, there wouldn't have been so many rogues brought down. to Margate, and in course you wouldn't have lost your togs. 1 always said them vessels would be the ruin of our respectability, and so they nre, d ? 'cm 1' and thus grumbling, he went off at Giles's desire lo the nearest ready-made tailor's, by whose aid that ill starred young man, was, in a brief space, rigged out in a new suit of the latest fashion and the choicest fit. j ? ! ; Siir.iuo&s.; — Poor Sheridan ! It wete a cold-hearted task to cast up Ihe account of his errors and imperfec tions. He was intended for one of nature's nobility, but his indiscretions stifled the growth of his virtues. lie was the creature of reeling and of fancy, but the pathetic reality of life forced him at times to draw upon his wits, where wiser men would have resisted the allure ments of the rich and great, and have kept slcdfast in the path of integrity and honour. No man knew belter than he did, that in this path alone could he achieve the clevuliou at which be aimed; but it is one of the delu sions of genius to make its otvncrthink himself released from those rules of prudence which govern ordinary mortals. He feels inwardly so full of expedients, that he fancies he can err without blame, and be improvident without danger. It was thus with Sheridan— confiding and thoughtless, instead of steadily building up, as he ought to have done, the fabric of his own independence, he went on, trusting that the ravens would feed him in the wilderness. Alas! it was a weak reliance, and it is no wonder that it betrayed him ; but every man's cha racter is formed by the temperament of his mind, and by the position which he occupies in society. The fate of Sheridmi affords, perhaps, oncofthemostinvful examples thnt ever was exhibited of a man of tlie most brilliant and graceful imagination, who had fed the stream of thought at the table of princes ; who was endowed with wit inexhaustible, and talents unsurpassed — left to die in poverty and wretchedness, and exposed to the last outrage that can be committed on humanity, Ihc being — arrested in hit coffin l~Mrt Gore's ' Cabinet Minister. CooitTiADE, TAt.LEVBANn'fi Valet. — The prince would uike a peculiar delight in recounting to strangers the story of his flight to America, when, in obedience lo a secret friendly warning, be resolved to take his imme diate departure. Courtiadc was with him at the moment that he received tlie letter which was the cause of this decision, and the prince immediately confided to him the step he was about to take; at the same time advising him, as he had a wife and family, to whom he would doubtless wish to bid adieu before venturing on so long and perilous a journey, especially since the period of his return must be distant and uncertain, that he should let him depart at once, and follow in the next packet which should sail. 'Kon, non,' replied Courtiade, in the greatest agitation, 'you shall not leave the country alone and unattended ; I will go with you, but only leave me till to-morrow nightl' ' That cannot be, Courtiade,' returuedthe prince, 'the delay will endanger our posi tion, without being sufficiently long to be of service to yourself and your wife.' ' Hah ! e'est bicn de ma fum mc dont il s'agit!' exclaimed Ihe valet, with the tears rushing to his eyes; ' It is that accursed washerwoman, who has gat ell your flac shirts and your musli n cravats ; and how, in Heaven's naniel will you be able to make an appearance, nnd in a foreign country, too, without them?'— United Service Journal. The Smiths — Some learned disquisitions have lately I gone the round of the American Press, touching the origin and extraordinary extension of the name of Smith. From what has hitherto been discovered, it appears, the ? formidable family of the Smiths, are the veritable de 1 scendants, in a direct line, from Shem, the urn of Noah, the father of the Shemileth tribe, or Ihe tribe of Shem ; and is thus derived : — Shem-Shemit— Sbmit— Smith. Another learned pundit in the Philadelphia Gazette con tends for the universality of the name of Smith, not only in Great Britain and America, but among all kindreds and nations on the face of the earth. Begin ning with the Hebrews he says, 'the Hebrew's had no Christian names, consequently tlie name stood simply Shem or Shcmit, but in tlie o'ther nations the John or James Smith is found at full, one and indivisible, thus : —Latin, Johannes Smithius ; Italian, Giovannc Smithi ; Spanish, Juan Smitbas; Dutch, Hans Schmidt; French, Jean SmccU ; Greek, Jon Skmitton ; Russian, Jonloffe Schmittowciki ; Polish, Ivan Schmittoweiski ; icclon. die, l'abncSmithson; Welsh, Jihon Schmidd; Tusca. raro, Ton ga SmitUee; Mexican, Jontle Smitli. And llii-n lo prove the antiquity of the nine, it is observed by the same writer, that among the cartoons, deciphered by Rasselini in the Temple of Osiris, in Egypt, was found the name of Pharoli Ninilhosis, being tbe 9th in Ihe 18th dynaBty of the Theban Kings. He was the founder of the celebrated Temple of Smilhonolis Meg no. ' We heartily congratulate the respectable multitude of the Smith family on these profound researches To the Princess of Capua, Miss Penelope Smith, they roust bo deeply delightful. The Duke— On the return of the expedition team Hanover, Major- General Sir Arthur Wcllesley was ap pointed to the command of a brigade of infantry, sta tioned at Hastings, in the Sussex district, lo the discipline, inaiiceuvre, and minute details, of which he paid the most scrupulous attention. An intimate friend having remarked in familiar terms to him when at Hastings, how lie, having commanded armies of 40,000 men in tbe field— having received the thanks of Parliament for hit victories— and baring been made Knight of the Bath, should submit lo be reduced to the command of a bri gade of infantry? 'For this plain reason' was his answer, ' I am m'liiimiAiouffa/i, as we sny in the East, that is, I have etc of the King's salt, and, therefore, I con ceive it my duty to serve with unhesitating zeal and cheerfulness, when, and wherever tlie King or his Government may think proper to employ me.' This maxim hae the more force from there being officers in the army, who, unfortunately for them, having declined subordinate employ, from flattering themselves with superior pretensions, have repented their decision during their professional lives; and it is for this reason, that the compiler has presumed to draw the attention of those who may hereafter be placed in similiur circumstances to the great military principle; as well as to the example of the Duke of Wellington ? Gvrwoofi Dematchei of the Duke of Wellington. ? An Oi.u Act of Parliament is like a sieve, and that must be n very hard and heavy case, that cannot escape through it. Common sense laughs at it. Grammar disdains It, as something beneath its notice— the English language in its pure virgin state, shuns the contact with such a thing, from '-fear of the consequences,1' But common lawyers love it :— laiy banisters prose over it : —the judges or the land dote over It! When one of those thorough, yellow, full, fleecy-hosiery, flannel, utter fogs, which are wrapped round the breast, chest, lungs, and throat of the metropolis, on some given November or December-day,— is perfectly seen through and com prehended— then a venerable statute is capable of eluci dation — New Sporting Magazine. A Juvenile Oainm.— ' Universal Morality, and may we become truly intellectual beings,' was responded to by the very short gentleman who had worn his cloak during the whole evening. He made a brilliant oration, mentioned Greek, and quoted Latin « spoke of Dido in her cavo j called upon the company to support the cause of morals, and to endeavour to make all men Intellectual ? dashed a bcer-ghua to pieces, and overset a tumbler of brandy-and-water (plat aoi/a), stamped upon the toes of Davy, and, ' In a fine plirenty,' spread out his arms, and gave an individual seated ncnrhlm a very excellent pros jicct of a block eye ; in conclusion, he mode a splendid peroration, played with the cqnnef kffc cloak, *UiLaXt, claiming with great volubility, 'thtV^bat— UikL^SSri3 will fcc the case I' seated himself with a self- compliecjit air, and amidst universal approbation. — From Davy Dreamy, by Flit. Extloratiok. ? Such of our readers as ore interested in the exploration of our coasts and vast interior, will be gratified at reading the following report from the pro ceedings of the Geographical Society, London, on the 10th December last. A gentlemen named Gowen read a paper upon the most probable points for discovery in Australia, of which Oiefollowingii the substance. 'At a moment when public attention is strongly directed to ward the rapid progress of our Australian colonies, and that a vast extent of land has been purchased with the avowed objector selecting a site for one or more secon dary towns in the infant colony of South Australia, it may not be uninstructivc to peruse carefully the accounts or former voyagers ; and with this view J have selected, says Mr. Gowen, from the narratives of Dampier, Flinders, and King, those passages which bear chiefly on these points. First, then. Flinders notes that Daniel Bay, Smoky Bay, and Streaky Bay, all on the coast within the colony of South Australia, have not been sufficiently ex amined to decide that there may not there be found the outlet of some river; and especially, from the appear ances connected with the last named place, to which it was Flinders's intention to return, bod he been enabled so to do. Turning to the north-eastern coast, we find | that between the 16' and 20° of south latitude, the country is of an exceedingly broken nnd indented cha racter, interspersed with lofty isolated links, with evidence of elevated ranges of mountain land behind. Repulse Bay— a deep bight, in about 19° 30' S.— is described, by Captain King, as probably communicating with Edge combe Hay, an inlet at least 17 miles deep, by 14 miles wide. From this point also lo Cape Gloucester, the shore was indistinctly seen, Hut seemed to be much in dented, and to possess several bays, if not rivers, as the land at the back is very high. Mount Dryander, in lal. 20° M', rises 4,566 feet ; and again at the back of Point j Sladc there is a high mountain range. Cape Upstart ; separates two unexplored bays of an inviting character. \- Cleveland Bay, also in 19° 10' S., is separated from a ' deep sinuosity under Mount Elliot, which may be seen ; 20 leagues, and the whole coast hercobou'sismucu inter ! sected by water. Proceeding northward, ttockfngham i Bay, apparently a cpacioUBharbour, with the appearance i of an opening within it, was unexplored. Also tbe in lets abreast of Frankland Islands, and Trinity Day, the Gulf of Carpentaria, and many other points too nume rous to be mentioned here, hold out fair promise of suc cess if carefully examined. To turn for a moment to a subject of another nature, jet connected with this sin gularcountry, in which its pecuUarphysical circumstances and the want of navigable rivers may always render the communication between the interior and Die coast tedious and expensive, nnd looking upon merino wool as the probable staple of the country, I am or opinion that the introduction of ihe camel, or 'the ship of desert, 'ns it has been emphatically described, would be conferred upon it, and not only do 1 viewit as the fittest instrument which caubc used in exploring the interior, and disclosing the mysteries of that immense region ; and when nc consider the rapid advance in population and wealth in the British establishments in Australia, we can no longer permit ourselves to doubt that our race, our language, andourinstitutionsare destined Iiy Providence to spread over that immense territory, and it cannot therefore be a matter or slight interest to the Geographical Society to contribute to the progress of the latest offset of the parent j stock by forwarding by every means iu its potver the hydrographical examination of the coasts— br exerting its influence to rescue Australia from a barbarous nomen clature that is daily gaining ground in it— and by offer ing every inducement within its reach to advance tlic exploration of a country in which inland discovery has been unaccountably slow and backward. Jn econverea tiononthesubjectofAustralia,in which Air. Greenoiigh, Mr. Gray, and others, bore a part, Captain L-ushington j gave a short account of his recent visit to the north-east coast of Australia, and concluded by saying that it had ! given him much pleasure, to have heard it announced that evening that Lieutenant Grey had gone from the Mauritius lo Swan River, probably with the intention of exploring from that point, since from his experience of the good qualities of his late travelling companion, he had no doubt or hit success, if practicable; and being himself about to leave this country almost immediately ' fur India, it afforded him the highest gratification to have this public opportunity of bearing bis testimony to the zeal and energy displayed by Lieutenant Grey, in his lale journey, even when Buffering from the effects of a severe wound and a tropical temperature, in his anxiety to carry into execution the expedition intrusted to his charge.' The hint respecting (he introduction of camels is well worthy attention, and tre have long been of that opinion, as will be found by referring to the Herald ot five or six rearsago. We particularly call the attention of some or our enterprising Colonists to this point As for Captain Lushfngtou, we consider that he ftirly turned tail upon tbe exploring party which he left England for tlie purpose of heading, and he doubtless finds it more convenient to attend to the Geographical Society and make speeches, than to be undergoing the fatigues con sequent upon travelling in and exploring the interior of Mew Holland. Lieutenant Grey is still endeavouring to make discoveries, and we understand that a whaler, which had been at Port Essington, reports that this gentleman liad succeeded in travelling along a consider able portion of the western coast to the northward of Swan River. — SjrAiey Herald, My 12. 