The Theatre. On Mr. Knwlwes' arrival, he performed Hamlet. Thbee Wits a acull house. In another week he performed it again. The hiitbs wts 'rVy thia.. fhr'd 'We Wel leen ?MIr. Macteunidy' a Il'met *te 'should have perceive' the '~tht? ti Wlr'iiB'h it hifbhi rplished 'titngedian ekc'dlb;1"~ 'lft t'~h6tles But we heai seen 'thieyongr Roscius, aind seen him 'often. We had no hesitation in anying, that Knowles tevn equal to htin in host s'cehes. it1 I'he teditEig hBie hh trW.' ever he fenricbd to ill. 'tS 'tih spdfl it; .*vhile Mr. Betty witvs a most gracetul obrds. man. The following is a critique of dth Morning C'hrbni"cle 'on Mr. NItrcread.y's lat. pet oniflthlioft bf 1ihailet CO`Vlrri- GAlkliN 'Tl'LA'ihlC. Mr. Maercadr y made his first appearance for the present season last night in 'ts character 'of ýlhmin'k.. Hi wes t'ibTeined by the most enthusiastic plaudits. 'T'rltt cally to notice his exhibition of this :nost intellectual; idubtli. iind' omplex of Shaks peare's delineation' of charadter, .wotld be; to analyse the play itsel ; with' this dif' ference:however, that owing to stagi tra' ditions or absociations, :nd the wet o~f adequate philosopb'y and 'poetry ia 'the commentators, whose interprdtlttittik itt b stuck to the original, this draitik 'is :gen rally regarled as a most obscure and, per. plexed composition ; while the ierfirm ance of last night, by itk 'persuading oton sistenevc power, hiid lbeattyr, W?hd2?e th triuth of the concepti' n andi the 'sediit of the author evident. It 'was an int'ilenc!bal illustration of Shakapeare, of the satme rank, in its higher sphere, hs the grand Icenic and artistical htbellibahirtnfs?t't'tie bard for whih 'ith~ 'iheatre ib 1oWe idlitit, guished. It seems to us that Mr. Macready hda given his Iast ahhd finriat Touch to this cha racter, by throwing -into it -nore'of thdt elasiic lighytness ';f mnaniner 'vhih, on some Itrevioud ocrag:ons, We 'have (-lesiderated. With deen Tteilihifs. ?fii.il'e reflectiveness, and the ?bdisciotithhss t?f 'a'prit?rittihral destiny, Hainldet is akinth'iiig b'it jfiid'erodis or lachrymose . -Ie ts of a buoyant spi?it There is a levity -that delights to .pHly around the.grandeur-of the greatest mind.. Infinite nature itself i+ f1' en spiftive midid its niajestic wbiiks ; tiii rlrl is'iihjiressib)e to the last ; sntd e'h?bli'ite tthit'ttlhe hrit th yard rhymes iihoiut '' liiuijiei'ial Ce?so &h;'ad and turned to clay" rather smack of ia mock-heroic revulsion, thancotniihue the ingenious spedulatlon which introduers them. Henrtel lbbds medni hf'bteri' litlly by ihe quidet 'nlle bn .'t?b 'lip atedl 'ie humorous comment ih:the bye by Which the actor makes hiriý confide the iential sarcasm in his college companion and chosen friend Horatio. Mr.-Ward 'played ihe Ghost most inm 'pre-sively. His cler, d?, hrioatloton?bas enuhcatlon, unvinried by any 'thit tf 'jtis sion and 'only diS5irsfifed bTy jfit eiOiphhk?ts eniough to' inrhk 'the meatisn, sdtfnald fkle a voice r Tirin the gthve.. The words "Remember me," after-his -form -had -sunk from sight, were -tis if an unembodied spirit had mate the air articulate. Thhb rev'drhnit eattnstrie4s 6bfht iplie:ll tb 'thh Ghost, ausgivcn-by-Mr. Macready, its free-, dom from allWeak 'fears ?or unnaturally alternating em ibtiii's, bMil 'file "'btduieda ifntiner fo lTIoYlc;o 'hnil ý'Td~icgitfs (iMr Serle and Mr., Herver i-n the few words they exchange with 'him *before they become atarme'd for his safety. -imparted an extraordinary reality to't his beehe, makin ais palpable as dah bh' 'littigited the intluonce of a sjpeirnittirul jresiecc. In the celebratedl'solicquy. the abstrac ted and inward tone at the commence ment; the irregular step, rs df-'a fra#nh 'wiihse 'novCid?;i. Were 'hudirected 'by conscious volition ; the ul'uricted fi:de iando eye that would redr in the :leensie ilhi secret of fnturity, passed by bantifnul trnn. si'ion into the collictcd friithzls of life's '"alamities, and the s'dlf: ~ fbldirt? 'ettitioh hat is veiled in the 'tt nits of'h i n'ti r: 'eflection; as these agaitn melted ln o thlet loving comfidence of the ureeting to ' thte 'nair 'Ophelioa," hen that in hocent but, ductile tool of othrers ?tfers flandicl -hit letters and lovn2.totcený. Mr. Macready's look of surprise is 'immediately followed' by one of .essptcion; his keen glance' nd lil itntimntes tlte §tphetBd. presence of tihetled li &tithi; bil "tirt uiiestiot " Ars Bi - libi*teTi ' tlih Tdrlorin ekelama tiý, * I r ta lose boo hnce ý" and bth ficd, sewe1rng ltook RLfter the demand) ý' Where is your father?" rdb?1 fo as 'okth trurivrsf c mwrongraeI ntfetioi, ZTilipored with q+>wirt t it Yed9 i nl tone tfkli Nttemptin_ to touch the heart t t trisede ar nd almost medderred .sy find pg, that siti t bii'l iendJ s-hip but 'love could 'be twist~td ihte ibe web -of gitlle Ld gnilt; whesr;rein poiver souwht to to'tan le him.; -It was tsitrved ilWf `n Xf taifteY'tiy lfarrtninheato vitdi sate Shakspeard'itb 'ii 'sE+itb, W1hicLh 1"itib and iiLMs veh b'frfei given up as inex ji€ible.* Aggravated by the falsehood .of all except Horatio.; teased by. incesinit attempts to p.uck out the hert of his m.ystery; perpl'exed with doubts of the ujingrnaturia eppearisnce; hnd thiai hied by the vppuwrtonity which the players af fSnrtltd hire, the u?tor riste with not less lhMi tIeiwrftil dRiett hito tu tnte of itat etc fliTetheit bh'oiH h ll aitionifl ddritttul,hblenid witd th e. 't'eetattoin dr' antic dlipsii'iri," anl he paces'the stage with huiriei: "ind triumphisnt .geslure, ias onb su?nmoning crime to discovery and judgment. But we abstain at present from any more if tVibi ihiPtffe6't hllugibrts to 'a prtrfat mance which at 'cntet:lhies stimulated a' et'w?vde h'nse to oatbr~iakk of fli'~ YAiit' npplause, nnyt hI' 'th'eis kept it hushed in 'a' ft.bi ,Wil~c.? thbat Oiight be fAtt. When ýfr.-' acretd?y w'as clled for afterwards, tlhe whole house spontaneonsly riose, anil the chteribg was long continued. * This ffeVedptiot:talles with Mr Knowles'. act ing of this part of Hamlet, as all will acknow-_ ratlde wit, saw it. Mr Knowles saw Macready In' Iiamlet, when he was last in London.--E. 