®Í0 CúUViM FRIDA Y MORNING, Jume 28,1839. w WE have received English intelligence to the 16th of February, from which we learn that Lord Glenelg had resigned, and the Marquis of Normanby been ap- pointed in his stead. It was rumoured that the Earl of Radnor would succeed to the Lord Lieutenantcy of Ireland. A discussion arose a few days since in the Legislative Council upon the pro- priety of increasing the salaries of the Principal Superintendent of Convicts, and the Superintendent of the Male House of Correction, for the extraor- dinary labours imposed upon them in re- spect of duties, which they are called upon to discharge for colonial services. We pause not to inquire the nature, the extent, or the character of these various but undefined exertions. In that re- spect, in common with the capacity of the Secretary of State, and the compre hension of the Council, we know not. "their local habitation or their name," but be they extensive-and supposing the sponsors to be absolved from the "free culprit" appellation of the other day, it docs seem to us a singular ar- gument, which rests on the supposition that gentlemen who are well paid for offices, if not about to cease, the labours of which at least must be in a tenfold de- gree diminished, should therefore receive remuneration for the performance of ser- vices so vague as to be incapable of definition. Wo have heard it objected to the Attorney-General that on this occasion-as an officer of the govern- ment-it was not his business even to hint at the possibility of transportation ceasing. Indeed ! This is somewhat new. If the Attorney-General had in his official capacity acquired such know- ledge, we venture to assert that it would have reached him not one hour before it was made known to the inhabitants of the island. The Attorney-General is not a corresponding member of The Prison Discipline Society, and we are perfectly persuaded that His Excellency feels too deeply interested in the pros- perity of this colony, not to communi- cate at once to the public the fact of transportation having been abolished, if he were aware of any such determi- nation on the part of the home govern- ment. But opposed as we have ever been to the cessation of this punishment, we still think that through the eulogies of its unkind friends, and the hostility of its direct, but not so dangerous enemies, the period has at length arrived when it becomes us to prepare, not for what we have been taught to expect certain modi fications in the system, but the utter abolition of all transportation to this colony; and we feel it an imperative duty to prepare its inhabitants for a change, which we are persuaded is in the contemplation of ministers to carry into effect. That this was neither the object of that indiscreet minute, signed Josiah Spode, we know, but just as little do we believe it to have been the object of Captain Maconochie. His writings, however, have raised a spirit which lie cannot govern. Ho has hurried the chariot to the brink of a precipice under the vain hope that he could turn from it and avoid the fall. The attempt has been, we believe, vain ; and seeking only to give a new direction to the machine, he has given it an impulse too impetuous to be controlled, which has terminated in its destruction. Such are our apprehensions, strength- ened by the early proceedings in the Session of Parliament. On the 12th of February, Lord John Russell obtained leave to bring in a bill for the better ordering of prisons, and a bill for the establishment of district prisons; and on the same evening, in introducing another measure respecting petty sessions and county courts, his Lordship said-" On the subject of prison-discipline, upon which a great deal of discussion had taken place from time to time, his opi- nion still was that the system of separate confinement was the best, though ac- companied with considerable difficulty under the present arrangement of pri- sons. He begged to give notice, there- fore, thal it was his intention to propose a vote to the House to buiid a prison, which should afford a fair experiment of this principle-(Hear, hear, hear. J For his own part, he must say that this could not bo looked on strictly in the light of an experiment which had to be tested. It had been tried in the prisons of some of the United States, where the working of the system furnished con- vincing proof of its practicability. At the same time, he did not expect that the mind of this country should be generally satisfied on this subject without some ex- periment, which should be within reach of ourselves, and the results of which might be subjected to our own personal observation." This is language which needs no com- ment. In the retirement of Lord Glenelg from office-we lose a strong support in the maintenance of the pre- sent system, and with the signs of the times thus unequivocally expressed, we should cease to debate upon the com- mentaries of Captains Cheyne and Maconochie, and turn our attention with as little delay as possible to the best means by which wo can modify, as we cannot altogether avert, the threatened evil. It is no longer a question of as- signment or no assignment, but it is evident that a change of a far more im- portant character is in agitation, which must deeply affect the interests of this colony. Our first endeavour should be towards procuring free labour, but not of a chance or motley character, drawn from the dregs and scum of every city, but such as will prove of permanent utility to the country. With proper agency and equivalent means, such la- bour can be readily obtained in England, in the present state of the peasantry < at home,' who have now to support them- selves without the assistance of the Poor Laws, which they were wont to lean upon in periods not only of distress, but comparative prosperity. But the means unfortunately are wanting ; and in asserting a principle in the Legislative Council, we have as- serted our right to be taxed to the extent of £8000 a year, even supposing the land fund to be given up by the home govern- ment for the exclusivo purposes of emi- gration. But we hesitate not to say, that transportation being done away with, or removed to a different sphere, individual enterprise will increase, and a certain market for labour be here established sufficient to encourage if not to sustain emigration. We shall then be enabled to compete with South Australia and Port Phillip, and perhaps derive advantages from their exertions in the encourage- ment of labour, though not in the same proportion, as they have drained our re- sources, yet to some, and as we tbink, no inconsiderable extent. But speculations of this kind should not prevent us from availing ourselves of every tangible re- source to meet the exigencies of the oc- casion, in order that we may be the bet ter prepared when the time, if it is des- tined to come, shall at length arrive. Since writing the above article, we have ascertained that information of un- doubted authority has reached this colony, expressive of the determination of minis- ters to try the social system of convict management, and that Norfolk Island is to be selected for this purpose. In another part of our paper will be found an extract from the South Aus- tralian Gazette, referring to the prose- cution in which the Colonial Secretary, Mr. G. M. Stephen, has been involved, and which has caused considerable sensa- tion in that colony. It appears that Mr. Stephen prosecuted the Southern Aus tralian for an alleged libel contained in that paper, imputing to him unworthy motives in causing to be published a cer- tain notice in the former journal, at that time the organ of the government, head- ed the ' MILNER ESTATE,' in which it was stated that Mr. Stephen had sold the half of the property for £20,000. The libel averred, that the statement was not only incorrect, but put forward with the view of deception. Mr. Stephen in- dicted the proprietor of the paper, who was found guilty, but has not yet been brought up for judgment. The Colonial Secretary conducted his own case, not, as he said, from nny feeling of vanity on his part, or thai lie was not conscious there were many members of the profession present around him more competent to discharge the duties of an advocate, but because he was unwilling to expose any of them to the hazard of obloquy and vituperation, which they would thereby incur from the press of that colony. Having been himself examined upon the trial, he distinctly stated, that he had not authorised the publication of the notice in question-that he had never stated, nor had he even written, that he had sold the half of the Milner Estate for £¿0,000. Upon the same day that a report of this trial appears in the South Australian Gazette, there is also inserted a letter from the Colonial Se- cretary to tlie editor of that journal, dated before the publication of the ori- ginal paragraph, and from which Mr. Stevenson states that he almost literally transcribed it, communicating the fact of his having sold the half of the estate to a Ciptain Allen and another gentleman for the sum of £20,000. This letter, cou- pled with the loose declarations of some of the printers of the office in which it appears Mr. Stephen wrote the letter ad- dressed to Mr. Stevenson, has been the foundation for an indignent for perjury against the former gentleman. These arc the facts of the case as it at present stands; but in justice to Mr. Stephen, we are bound to inquire what has become of the examination at the Police Office, where so formidable a charge was prefer- red ? It is stated, with all due solemnity, that Mr. Stephen has been held to bail to take his trial upon the charge ; but we are left completely in the dark as to what the amount is, in which he is bound, or of what nature the circumstances may have been, which transpired upon that occa- sion, to make it either greater or less ac- cording to the gravity of the accusation. Why is it simply announced ? Was it that the investigation was not of suffi- cient importance ? or did anything occur at the Police Office to strip it of that importance which a bare announcement Í3 often so well calculated to create? Was it that the ' veni, vidi, vici' style of impressive brevity was more suited for immediate effect than the prosy detail of examination which fancy might be left free to expatiate upon ? Why is it that weare left to learn from private autho- rity, that to meet this awful charge, upon the result of which everything that is dear to life depends, Mr. Stephen is him- self held to bail in the sum of only £50 ? Yet this is the case ; and unless we could imagine official corruption too gross to escape unnoticed-too palpable not to deceive even the most unwary, and too open not to be at once made the subject of immediate animadversion and condem- nation by both journals, directed as they are to a particular end, and if not equally, yet to a certain degree interested in making out their cause against the Colo- nial Secretary, we must at once come to the conclusion that there is something suspicious about the overwhelming testi- mony with which this gentleman is assail- ed ; something which may admit a doubt, and a very powerful one, of his guilt, when we lind that £50 is made the ex- tent of the obligation under which he is personally bound to take his trial. Nor does he shrink from it notwithstanding the formidable array of evidence brought against him in the South Australian Gazette, an additional proof in favour of the supposition that something must have intervened to cast suspicion upon it. We know too that he is continued in his office and in the confidence of the Go- vernor, and, we trust, that of all " his friends; nor should previous prejudice, however strong, militate against an un impassioncd investigation of the truth, nor the ungenerous assumption of former error make us forget the glorious privi- lege so oft boasted of the English law that every man is presumed to be inno- cent before he is proved to be guilty. We therefore call upon the public to suspend their judgment until the result of the trial bo known. We have in fair- ness put forward what appears to us cir- cumstantial reasons in favour of Mr. Stephen, remote as he is from this co- lony, and incapable as we arc of judging except through the medium of a partizan press. We are, however, assured, that upon the trial Jacta will be adduced iu evidence from which we shall be enabled the more correctly to arrive at the solu- tion of a question which amused and em- ployed the House of Commons for a time -namely, « Who ii the traitor ?' We cannot conclude this article with- out reverting to the charge of Mr, Justice Cooper upon the former trial. We have had occasion to advert to a very extraordinary harangue of this gentleman on his being installed into his office, and the surprise we at that time experienced, hasbeen increased to astonishment at the charge of this learned functionary in the last instance. A more injudicious, a more unimpartial charge never proceeded from any bench. What had the fact of his having shared the hospitality of Mr. Stephen to do with the conscientious dis- charge of his public duties, or why by putting forward the peculiar difficulty of his situation in consequence, with the history of his landing and his entertain- ment, make himself the object of ridicule rather than respect ? The following letter appears in the Penny Trumpet : to the Editor of the Colonial Times. O'CONNOR V. MOOR P.. Sir,-A notice of this trial, which ap- peared in the Hobart Town Courier of to. day, contains a statement that on such a trial-" It was admitted that Mr. Moore " had acted under a mistake, in ' charging' " Mr. O'Connor with an attempt to defraud " the Government with respect to Lot 32, and " to dispossess him of the Belvidere Allot " ment." As this is an erroneous statement, I feel it my duly, alike to Mr. Moore und (o the learned counsel who conducted the defence, that it should not go uncontradicted ; and I therefore beg, through the medium of your paper, to state, that no such admission as that above reft rred to was made on the trial of this cause.-I am, Sir, your's most obe- diently, JOHN ALLPORT. Hobart Town, June 21,1839. Who is John Allport? Is it the highly respectable solicitor of that pa- tronymic-for if so, we were always under a mistake, in conceiving that he rejoiced in a more self-denying, as well as patriarchal, name than Jack-that he was in fact not John, but Joseph ? Taking for granted our first supposition is right, and that Mr. Allport has been indebted for the change to the dim reve- lations which visit the twilight dreams of our contemporary, when struggling to maintain an ascendancy over the magic influence of " the drowsy god," and in the consciousness that John Anderson my Joe, John may have afforded him some sanction for the confusion, we shall first reply to Mr. Allport's letter, and next to the com- mentary by which it is accompanied. On looking to the paragraph which appeared in the Courier, we are willing to confess that it may bear the interpreta- tion put upon it of "the admission" having been made " upon the trial." Such, how- ever, was not our intention ; and in the absence of any attempt at justification, on the part of Mr. Moore, we thought the most charitable construction we could put upon such an omission, was an error of judgment on the part of that gentleman, in making charges against Mr. O'Connor, under mistaken impres- sions. But we would ask Mr. Allport, if not vpon the trial, was it not else- where admitted, that the charges were made in error, and under a mistaken sense of the facts of the case ? We would ask Mr. Allport, how came he, as the professional adviser of Mr. Moore, to alter his opinion upon the possibility of proving a justification, when the mat- ter appeared to him so clear, thal no pro- fessional talent was requisite to make it apparent to the minds of a jury ? Where were then the technicalities of the law ? Buried and forgotten in the preponderating estimate of facts. But now, forsooth, we are to have the ghosts of the law rescuscitated to dance before our imagination, and delude us into the forgetfulncss of the substantial and embodied array of facts, with which Mr. O'Connor was to have been met and defeated ! " The original bear" has dwindled down into a common-place and wooden representative of the Bruin species. Did anything interpose to prove to Mr. Allport, that Mr. Moore had acted in error, and that it was ut- terly hopeless to plead a justification? How otherwise arc we put off with a mere hypothetical excuse about the diffi- culties of proving a justification, BO as to satisfy the law, when it was possible to have satisfied comn o t sense ? But to do Mr. Allport justice, he says no more and no less than as a lawyer he should-that no admission was made. We grant it ; but when we see the very charitable error into which we had fallen, with regard to the motives and in- tentions of Mr. Moore, converted into a crying grievance-when that gentleman, gladly seizing upon the ingenious hypo- thesis of the Solicitor-General, insists that he did not justify, owing to the great difficulty which the technicalities of the law interpose to work out a complete justification, when this specious pretence is put gravely forward, and in addition to other frivolous excuses, trumpeted forth in a newspaper, we feel bound to set the matter right, and not to allow public credulity to be imposed upon, to the injury of every proper principle, and to the violation of every rule of justice. It appears, then, that Mr. Moore did not justify in this case, from the simple fact thatjie .cçuld not» and. that an. at- tempt to do so would enable the plaintiff to prove the utter groundlessness of the insinuations and charges made against him. This suited not Mr. Moore, who knew also that such an attempt would not tend to mitigate the amount of da- mages that might be given in the case. But if Mr. Moore liad felt satisfied of his ability to justify-setting aside the technicalities of the law, which must have been equally powerful in Mr. O'Connor's case-be ran no greater risque of incurring a heavier penalty than the sum of forty shillings. The merits of Mr. Moore's case were weighed in the balance upon a former occasion, and even after the plead- ing of a justification, which, if not successful, is generally calculated to ag- gravate the amount of damages, were found worth the exact sum of forty shil- lings. What a mean opinion, therefore, must he have of his own case, the re- sult of which, the Penny Trumpet pro- claims as a triumph, if with a strange inconsistency, without pleading any jus- tification at all, but relying merely on the virulence of a newspaper contro- versy, and such means as the ingenuity of his counsel may devise, he now vindi- cates a similar verdict againtt him as a $0Condjriumph f We are now, then, to presume that Mr. Moore is the originator and con- cocter of the slanders, from an attempt at justifying which, when called upon, he shrinks back, and shields himself under the paltry and pitiful excuse of the difficulty of satisfying the techni- calities of the law. Yet with all these boasted difficulties before him-with other contingencies against him, such as the death of Mr. Frankland-since death has been pressed into the argu- ment- Mr. O'Connor did dare to justify all that he had said against Mr. Moore, from the " sod and twig" mode of speedy investiture of land, to Mr. Moore's being compelled to give up possession of that land ; and indeed it was a matter of sub- sequent argument, whether the verdict could not be entered for the defendant, so nice, so metaphysical a distinction had the jury drawn between what was right and what was wrong. This was triumph the first, which Mr. Moore achieved. He only wanted such another to complete his own overthrow. We have it in the issue of the present case. We are now told, that Mr. Moore acted under no mistake at all, in propa- gating these slanders against Mr. O'Connor, but that he did so delibe- rately ; and without daring to justify a «ingle word, without affording Mr. O'Con- nor the opportunity of proving the ex- tent of his slanders, he would have us infer that he had reason and truth on his side. This is the saddest mistake of all for Mr. Moore to have fallen into. We can forgive an injury committed under erroneous impressions-we can make every allowance for hastiness of tempera- ment, and the figurative fancy of a writer like Mr. Moore, lucubrating his fill in a newspaper ; but having shrunk from a justification, when the truth or falsehood of a matter can be fairly put before the world, after having, as it were, pleaded guilty to the charge of having libelled the plaintiff without a cause, we cannot allow Mr. Moore, by implication, to repeat the same libels unnoticed, still less can we permit him to reap reward from discomfiture. Mr. Moore was quilo right in refusing the Board of Officers, as originally proposed by Mr. O'Connor. We should not omit to mention, that Mr. Allport states in his letter, that "in justice to the counsel," he cannot allow the paragraph with reference to the ad- mission, which we presumed, to pass un- noticed. In the same spirit of justice, we not only acknowledge our error, but regret, that by any possible ingenuity, such a statement could have been misin- terpreted, to the disadvantage of the learned counsel engaged, whose defence of the case has elicited universal appro- bation. We are the more anxious to correct any misconception of this kind, as we fell into error before with regard to the Solicitor-General, in stating that he " did not reply" in the case of Jacomb v. Robertson, the learned gentleman having replied at considerable length ; but as we were absent from Court at the time, we wera. led.to commit the error, from being informed that he had de- clined any observation, on the defendant being called up for judgment on a sub- sequent day. Our omission in the former we conceive to be a greater sin, than our simple admission in the present instance. We should think the latter was more calculated to affect the client than the counsel, who could be placed in no more unfavourable position than he was, in being called upon to address the jury in the absence of all justification. 