LOCAL. NEWS. Sales by Public Auction tuleertised to take place between this and our en suing publication.. TOMORROW. Mr HART — At bit Rooms, Beef, Pork, Earthenware. Prints, Household Furuiture.&c.; Mr WILSON — At bis Rooms, Woollen Clo.bs, Mr BLA.CKMAN— At Mr Howard's Work shop, Bookbinder's Tools. ? ♦? ? Legislative Council. — Council met y sterday pursuant to adjournment. The Gover nor presented a Bill to enable the Members of the Hawkesbury Benevolent Society to sue and be sued in tbe name of their Treasurer. His Excellency said be bad received two Petitions on t'e state of the roads, bat as they prayed for com pensation, he should not present them to tbe Council. The Publican's Licensing Act Amend ment Bill was read a third time and passed. Mr Jones's Resolutions for the establishment of Circuit Courts were unanimously adopted, after some slight oppositions to tbe 3rd and 5th clauses by the Attorney General. The Berrima Jury Bill was read a second time ; also, the Arrest on Mesne Process Abolishment Bill ; and tbe Council adjourned to Thursday (this morning). His Excellency the Governor is about to proceed in a few days to Wollongong, for tbe purpose, we are informed, of inspecting tbe beak water now in course of erection there. His Excellency will be accompanied by Lady Gipps, Mr and Mrs Plunkett, Captain King, Captain Nicholson, and Major Barney. On Tuesday niglif, Mr Dcane's Soiree for the benefit'of the poor, came off at tbe Mechanics' School of Arts in Pitt-street. The night was tbe most unpropitious that could be imagined, and in consequence not more than thirty persons were present. Tbe room itself is well adapted in point of sound and arrangement for a muB'cal class. The ) erforraer* were all damped with the appearance of tbe bouse, most of the audience being wet and uncomfortable, and Mr Deane very judiciously shortened the performance, which closed by half-past nine, and returned the money to those who desired it. Air Peck, of the Orc'iestra of the Victoria Theatre, is about giving a Concert at that establishment, prior to his departure for Europe. Report speaks highly of the intended arrangements, he having secured the combined talent of all the vocal arid instrumental per* formers. He is a deserving man. We hope be will be well patronized. Mr Barlow, the Artist of Bridge street, has employed a gentleman of the. name of Keogh, to paint views of tbe most generally known and settled parts of the Colony, which are exhibited at his Theatre of Arts, in Bridge-street. The views of the Five Islands, and of Port Essington, now exhibiting, are said to be very perfect representations of the places, and the colouring of the scenery, which is panoramic, is of a superior order. There appears to be a Concert mania at this time, which by advertisements of the day, will provide food for the lovers of music for some time to come. Mr Peck has advertised a Concert amongst the whole; musical strength of Sydney, for the 1st of October. Monsieur and Madame Gautrot give one (it is said) immedi ately after, and others will follow so as to render these amusements periodical. Would it not pay the parties better to reduce the prices from 7s. 6d., which is enormously high for a family, to five shillings ? it is the general opinion that the dif ference in the proceeds from the decrease iu the price, would be made up by the increase in tbe numbers, and the pleasure would be mote gene rally diffused. ' Is Saul among the Prophet.*.' — An old lady named Sloan, who appeared to be perfectly familiar with the whereabouts of the Police Office dock, was put up before Mr Win deyer, to answer the charge of (as the constable classically termed it) ' kicking up a row.' It appeared to be deeply impressed on the Magis trate's mind that Mis Sloan had on this occasion, as sbe had done on many former occasions, drank deeply of ruby wine, and in his expostulation with her on the impropriety of her conduct, he delivered the following couplet extempore, being the 'first essay of remonstrance iu verse that is on record at the Police Office -. — ' Mm Sloin, Mrs Slosn, If you It't the grog alone, Vou would not kick up a row, li ut for this time you may go.' Mrs Sloan smiled, and with a low curtsy left the box, amidst the titter of the audience. A case came on before the Chief Justice and Assessors on Monday last tn which a Mr Sharp (a. newly arrived emigrant) sued Mr Robinson, Hairdresser, on a breach of contract, which .rested solely on the construction of the term ' Hairdresser.' The plaintiff had agreed with Mr Robinson to perform all the duties of the trade, but some time after the contract had been entered into be refused to perform 'fancy braiding, in which he was an adept, when requi:ed bo to do. The contract was for the term of three years for which the plaintiff was to receive j£104 per year with board and lodging for himself and for his wife (if she arrived before the expiration of that term). At the close of the term be was to enter into full possession of the business, the defendant undertaking not to embark in the same occupation for three years thereafter, and the plaintiff was to receive the remains of stock in the shop at prime cost. The defendant pleaded the refusal of the plaintiff to perform the con tract, and alio urged, that he had grossly mis behaved himself which had given occasion for his dismissal. On the construction of the term ' Hairdresser,' five witnesses were culled by the plaintiff, who stated, that braiding did not form any part of tbe business of a Hairdresser, but whs a distinct business, often performed by Jewellers. Tbe Assessors gave a verdict for £250 for the plaintiff. We have been furnished with a cor rect list of the prizes awarded at the last meeting of the Fiorul and Horticultural Society, which we huve much pleasure in laying before our readers t — Flowers. — Tho best Camilia, large silver medal, Mr R. Anderson ; Tulip, second ditto, Mr R. Anderson; lianiineiilut, third ditto, Amateur; Cone Bulb ( Ix 'a ), copper tea-kettle, Mrs Orr ; Vnlyanthut, ditto, Mr Joseph Ken yon. Various prices were awarded for the fol lowing : — Atuleu, Mr Thomas C. Anderson; Peuni, Mr Thomns Shepherd; Erica, A. B. Spark, Esq ; White Mots Uou, Mr H. S. Green ; Poduhria Cape-.nia:, Amateur ; Magl-mia, Mr T. Shepherd; buthertawlia l'rntnce»t. Amateur; Cohen Scandani, Amateur; Walljlntrrr, Mr Knight; ALte, Amateur ; fro tea, A. B. Spark, Esq. The- second Tulip, Mr Kenyon, senior ; Ranunculus, Amateur ; I'ohaitthm. Mr Kenyon, senior. The best Ituhy, Mr F. Kenyon ; Ciiui ttip. Mr Kenyon, seuior ; Primrose, Miss Jane Shepherd; Panties, Mr Kenyon, senior; Single Anemona, Mr R. Anderson ; Iris Smiana, Mrs Orr; Jonquil, Mr Kenyon, senior; I'ulv mii/iiu iVarci.-sm. Mr Anderson; Ilyacintli, Amateur; Spirixis. Amateur ; Lupin, Mr Bap tist; ScliizaittUm, Rose Bank; A'em -jj/iiin Jruig Rii, ditto ; Utraiiium, Mr H. Webb; lioonel, Mr H. S. Green ; huouit, Mr Kenyon, senior ; Spinogene Speciosa, A. B. Spark, Esq. Fruits. — Oranges, Mr Kenyon senior ;Apples, ditto; Strawberries 'Mr Samuel Bird; Medlars, Mr Keuyon, seuior ; Orun^rs, ditto ; Pomegranate, ditto; Chilis, Mr M'Knigbt ; Passion Fruit, ditto. Vegetables. — Patatoer, Mr M'Pherson ; Asparagus, Mr Baptist ; Potatoes (KieiWu), Mr M'Knight; Cabbage (Drumhead), Mr Baptist ; Brocoli, Mr M'Carty ; Cauliflower, Mr M Pher son ; Sea Kail. Mr M'Carty; iavou Mr Baptist. Second Brocoli, Mr M'Gillj Cet r'u, Mr Baptist, Second Ctterg, M'GUl; Peas, Mr Baptist; Currofj, ditto ; Turnip (Sieeduh), Mr Shepherd ; Red Lahbagi, Mr Baptist ; llhubarb, ditto : Nepal Turnip, ditto; Salad, Mr M'Knigbt; titans ( Long pni) ditto ; Kuril/ Cabbage, ditto ; lied Bett, ditto ; H'uUr Crest, Mr II. Webb ; Ltehs. Mr Baptist ; Horse Radi,h. ditto ; Turnip, Mr M'Knight; Endive. Mr M'Gill ; Cucumber, Mr Paul Speucer ; Chervil, Mr Levien ; Silver Beet, Mr Baptist. The Sailor's ITome lias not Lorn as yet greatly patronised by the sons of the wave, and the numbers that are brought before the Police for bein; found in the streets at late hours drunk and disorderly, ought to impress on the Captains of vessels the advantages to them selves and owners, which would arise from their nstng their utmost endeavours to prevail on their crews to take up their abode at this comfortable establishment when on shore. In another canse tried between the same parties for goods sold and delivered the technical description of the articles employed in peruke making was droll in the extreme and caused considerable mirth to the auditors. To spell them without the aid of one of the craft would be an impossibility* Paleography.-^-On Friday evening: last, tbe Reverend Mr Saunders delivered a very able and interesting discourse on the science of P-leographv, or tbe modes of ancient writing. The lecture was a continuation of a discourse which the same gentleman had delivered during the past year, but which was more particularly confined to the question whether the use of letters was an art imparted to man by tbe Creator, or whether it was of human invention. On this fcubject the lecturer said there were those who maintained that the knowledge of letters was of divine origin, which others did not coincide with, considering that if tbe knowledge of letters had bei-n necessary to roan, that knowledge would have been provided by the Deity, but such know ledge was not a matter of necessity connected with the destinies of mankind, as was exemplified in the fact I hit many nations had for thousands of years existed, and continued to exist, without such knowledge ; it was not made known by the Creator, but was an emanation ~of that intellect with which man had been endowed. The dis covery of letters he said was attributed to the Egyptians, but at what period there was no trace. The most ancient mode of communicating ideas Ht present known, be said was tbe system Of hieroglyphicF, a symbolic character, intended to convey a meaning by a sign. From this style the ancients bad by a natural progression ad vanced to the enchorial or secretary style of writing, which was nothing more than an outline of the hieroglyphic style, a change which would be naturally attained by persons iu the habit of writing to escape tediousness and delay. A strong similarity, he observed, might be traced between these styles on the monuments of ancient Egypt, although at one time they were supposed to be different characters wholly unconnected. The writing of the Chinese he described to be of this nature, composed of a variety of charac ters, and in use by that nation for thousands of years. The lecturer then drew a 'comparison between tbe characters of the Syriac, Samaritan, and Chaldaic writing, which be' explained to his audience by means of some fac similes and plans which he had prepared for the purpose. '1 he decyphering of the Egyptian characters he said was a discovery of a very recent date, within the last quarter of a century, and was brought about in tbe following manner: — During the occupa tion of Egypt by the French, a stone was turned up by them at Rosetla, which afterwards came into the possession of the British. On Ibis stone there were three inscriptions, the first in the Hieroglyphic style, the second in the Enchorial, and the third in Greek. These inscriptions excited much interest among the learned, and a few gentlemen, among whom svas Dr Young, commenced a deep investigation of the matter. They continued their researches for some time, but as none of the inscriptions were perfect, the obstacle was very great. Their enquiries were confined chiefly to an attempt to decipher the Enchorial diameter, aa they considered uny at tempt upon the first entirely out of the question. While they were thus engaged, some papyri were found in the Egyptian and Greek, the latter being described us the copy of the former. This discovery greatly assisted, and arter some time they were enabled to give a translation of the Egyptian. It proved to be a deed of sale of a mummy-. .it, witli the bodies contained in it. and which were described. The deed, judging from the extracts that were given, was no unapt piece of acuteness. The parties to it were de-scribed with the utmost exactness, not only by name, but by personal appearance. The care of the mum mies appear to have been a source of revenue on account of the libations fur the dead bodies. The party selling, after reciting the consideration und acknowledging the receipt of it, undertakes that the purchaser shall remain in undisturbed possession, and goes on to state, that ' if any one enters, I will put him out, and if he will nut go out, I will put him out by force;' a clear inference that the ancients understood tie nature of ejectment. The lecture created much interest and was loudly applauded. Tbe lecturer ap peared to have well considered the subject, aud displayed considerable research, and the an nouncement that hi would continue it in a fort night caused much satisfaction. — Gazette. Ordination.—On Sunday last, Mr John Mason, of the Church Missionary Institution, New Zealand, was appointed a deacon, and the Rev. W. H. Walsh, a priest of the Church of England. After the usual prayers had been read by the Rev. G. N. Woodd, M. A., the Bishop of Australia preached a sermon, taking his text from the twenty-second and twenty- third verses of the twentienth chapter of St. John, ' And when he said this, he breathed upon them and saith unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whosoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them ; and whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained.' The principal points upon which his Lordship dwelt was the apostolical succession of the mi- nistry of the Church of England, the power, duties, and authority of the ministry, and the difference between confession and absolution as practised in the Church of England, and auri- cular confession and ministerial absolution. After the sermon the Bishop took his seat at the altar, when the Rev. W. Cowper, tbe senior chaplain in the colony, presented the candidates to his Lordship, and certified, in the usual manner, that he had examined and found them qualified for the office of the ministry. After they had answered the usual questions, the candidates were ordained, his Lordship being assisted in the imposition of hands by the Reverend Messrs Woodd, M. A. and Morse, M. A. The last named gentleman, who arrived from England a few days ago by the Lady Raffles, is to be stationed at Invermein. — Herald. 'We understand that the government are about carrying into effect the suggestion made in Council by Mr Jones a few days since, by making parties leasing land from government pay the rent iu advauce.-^rfc'ald. Treasury Bills. — We understand that Tenders were accepted for Treasury Bills to tbo amouut of between .£23,000 and £21,000, the highest rate of premium being 4} per cent, and the lowest 3 per cent. — Hetald. An Old Hand. — By the Parhfield, which arrived the other day, there came a convict transported for life for forgery, from Liverpool, under tbe name of Drake. Unfortunately for him, our convict police system partakes some what of the Fouche perfection, and the conse quence was, that he was discovered by Mr Ryan, Chief Clerk of Superintendent of Con victs' Office, to be one John Roberta, an absentee from Van Diemen's Land in 183il, by the ship Hurry, and was assigned to Captain Swanston, and represented himself to have been a clergyman ol the Church of England. Nut liking his quarters there, he joined some other desperate characters, and they effected their escape by taking possession of the Badger schooner. With her they sailed for America, and there he re assumed his reverend character, under the name of tbe Rev. William Robertson, M. A. America did not suit him, and be wended his way back to England, and in Liverpool be committed the crime for which he has been transported under the name of John Drake. He was forwarded to Her Majesty's gaol of Sydney, to be forwarded to Van Diemen's Laud to take his trial for the piracy. On being questioned as to where he obtained his degree of M. A., he replied at Eton. The following is a specimen of his style, which, certainly appears to be cultiiattd. The extract is from a letter addressed to the Surgeon Super intendent on the way out : — ' Respected Sir, I fear that the avalanche of your displeasure has fallen on my devoted head.' — CoUmitt. jlfrclftn ics' School of Arts. — We have been requested to state that Mr Bowers will deliver a lecture on Puinting in the Hall of tbe above Institution to-morrow evening. The match between Crochford and Slu Boots, for one hundred sovereigns aside, came off on the Parramatta Course yesterday. The race (three times round) was won easily by Crockfvrd, who was ridden by Mr Welsh's ser. vant. Noble rode £/?/ Boots. There were but few persons present. The Quarter Sessions for the district of Sydney commences on tbe 8th of October. We understand that the calendar Is exceedingly heavy. P 'risoner1 's' Counsel Hill. — From an expression made use of by Mr Justice Stephen, on the motion nude on behalf of Mr Dillon for a mantlumus against the Port Macquarie Magis trates, it is the opinion of many persons that the above Bill is in force within the Colony. The question, we are informed, will be mooted during the approaching session of tbe Criminal Court. We continue to receive the most flat tering accounts of the crops in all parts of the country. We are informed that the hay crop exceeds any thing before witnessed in the Colony. Sydney Commercial Rooms.— A meeting was held yesterday, in the Long Room of tbe Royal Hotel, to carry into effect the es tablishing of a Commercial Room, for the Mer cantile Community of the colony. The result appears in an advertisement in another column. On Wednesday an inquest was held at the Saracen's Head, on the body of Berry, a New Zealander, who died the same morning verdict, visitation of God. Ship NeWi* The Tndetimitt/ has cleared out for Hobart Town, Sydney Stephen, Esq., and family, will proceed in this vessel. The Alert has cleared at the Custom house for the whale fniiery, and tbe Fair Bar badiau for New Zealand. The JUssin-gton (schoonef) has been purchased by Mr Cummings for the Launceston trade. The JBardaster has not changed owners, as has been reported. 