DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE THE NEW Joneses have some remarks to make in an early number upon the appointment of ft Mr. Moore Dillon to the office of Criminal Crown Solicitor. Who this gentleman is, and his qualifications for the office, and the whole of the robbery in the transaction, will probably afford matter for remark in an early number. PORT PHILLIP - Mr. Rattenbury, formerly Clerk of the Works at Berrima, has been appointed Clerk of the Works at Port Phillip, said proceeds to his destination by the Louisa, which sails in a few days. THEATRE -The Theatre re-opens this evening, and if we may judge from the piece that is to be played, the same description of trash that was brought out last season will be repeated. It is no use writing on the subject, Alma. is preferred to Shakspeare, Zillah Hat out to Shctulan, The Clerk of Clerkenwell to The Tempest, and The Iitavo to any of the numerous beautiful comedies which are contained in Cum- berland edition of The Tempter and such pieces are kept up through, the season, it will have the effect of driving the few respectable people who still go to the Theatre entirely away, and then melodramas, and ghosts, and red files, and broad sword combats will be the order of the day. We know that the managers say that good pieces will not pay, but the team is that they are not properly got up. Generally speaking a tragedy or comedy is pi esc invited to the public without any care having been taken, either as to the dresses or scenery, and the whole of the "busi- ness" is managed in the most slovenly manner. The tragedies of Brutus and Virginius which were played about a year ago, although the acting was very poor, were well received, for no other reason than that some little trouble and cure had been expended in the dresses and scenery. The Theatre will never he what it ought to be, until a standard play is performed at least twice a week. LAW.-The Special Jury cases ought to commence this morning, but as there are two Common Jury cases standing over it is not likely that the Special Jury will be required until the afternoon The Court of Quarter Sessions for Sydney, commences its s things this morning. It is supposed that the Court will sit during the whole mouth, as there is a very lengthy calendar STEAM. We perceive that a public meeting it called for Thursday, for the purpose of forming a Company to run a steam-boat between Brisbane Water and Sydney. There is no doubt that some arrangement will be made, and another steamer will then be removed from the Hunter trade. There are not one-third enough steam-boats in the Colony, and we trust that some idea of capital will immediately take steps for the formation of a Company, to send to England for half a dozen steamers A Comp lay with a capital of a 100,000, about of one- half paid up would be sufficient for the purpose, and there could not be any difficulty in raising that sum A PftOFBSSiovAt. CIKDIDATS.-On Siturd by an elderly, shabbily dressed person, who had been dozing in the Court for several hours, managed to get into the witness-box as the Judges were mine;, and said he wished to add i e is the Court. The Chief Justice denied him to proceed ; when he mumbled forth, in an almost inaudible voice, that he wished to know whether the Court would res. card the order which had been made respecting convict clerks to attorneys The Chief Justice said, that, on view, he was afraid the applicant was a person who, under any circumstance, would be ineligible. This brought forth the very natural question of, " What for ?" " Because it is very disgraceful of you to appear here drunk, and if you do not go away I will send you to gaol," said his Honor. "Drunk did you say drunk I" asked the man. " Drunk " was Sir James's reply, as he vanished through the private door. " Well, I do Uko that- that's very good of you I have been in Court these four hours, and I should like to know what I could get drink with," said the would-be lawyer, who staggered out of Court, showing most politely to all his professional brethren that he happened to meet. Mr. JUSTICE WILLIS This learned Judge is in the habit of giving judgment III a case by the time the Counsel gets into the middle of his own- client. His Honor doubtless intends thereby to shorten the long-winded hat argues occasionally made by Counsel as much as possible, but it generally has the contrary effect, as the Counsel then are obliged to do that, which is contrary to all etiquette-reply upon the Court. The "bar" complain very much of his Honor's interruptions The addition to Mr Hebblewhite's advertised race of Furniture to be sold by auction in Prince street, on Wednesday next, being "A quantity of Oil Paintings, Crayon Drawings, Ax.", came too 1 tie for miel tion in its proper place. 