FROM SYDNEY PAPER— to Sept. 25. His Excellency Sir Maurice O'Connell has, wq observe, brought a whole host of eject ment actions against tlic possessors of landed property, to which he lays claim. The govern ment has undertaken to defend these actions — and in so doing, it does but nn act of common justice. When Colonel O'Connell was Lieut Governor or IVewSuulu Wales, land, anywhere, might be had for asking — it was then almost valueless. Colonel O'Connell left the Colony regardless of his ' dirty acres' — he remained abroad somewhere near thirty years, not having in the mean time, from all n-e can learn, done anything to show that he meant to retain posses sion of the lands in question. This is apparent from the fact of die government permitting other parties to enter upon those lauds. Then how docs the matter stand ? Here are parties in possession, cither by grant or by purchase, of certain property, upon which they may have expended large sums of money — which they bare made of considerable value. Sir Maurice O'Connell, after a lapse of some twenty years, receives the appointment of Commander of the Forces in New South Wales : he comes out here; he finds that land is at a high rate; he sees that the ' garden smiles' where he only re members u bush ; that there is a comfortable dwelling where he does not remember a bark hut to have ' reared its head.' ' Oh !' he ex claims, ' this is mine and I will have it !' — and forthwith he brings his actions of ejectment ! Is not the government bound to protect parties in possession of land acquired under its sanc tion ? Is it not bound to oppose die claims of one who desires to take advantage of iiiB own laches ? Would the government have grunted or sold these lands, if anything had been done on die part of Colonel O'Conncll lo show that he cared one farthing about them? But after 'having abandoned for all that is shown to the contrary — all possession, he comes out, after a lapse uf many years, mid finding land at a very high price, and certain portions which he re members converted from bush into farm land — be says ' they are mine ; tuni out.' The government is perfectly right in defending these actions of ejectment. It is bound to defend them ; even if it were only for this reason — namely, that parties in possession, if turned out by strict interpretation of law, would be entitled to compensation, and thai such compensation would have to be paid oat of the public revenue. Tmal by Jtmr. — Although want of space prevented us from giving a full report of the proceedings in Council on the day upon which the Jury Bill was discussed, yet us the opinions of the Judges upon subjects connected with the administration of justice are always important, we publish the Chief Justice's remarks upon the occasion. He said the Bill now on the Utble had his hearty concurrence. The object of it was to confirm to the Queen's subjects in New South Wales, that mode of trial which was as ancient as the constitution of Engltmd. Nothing but the peculiar circumstances under which this Colony wns founded could excuse the anomaly of a trial by seven Military Officers, instead of twelve civil inhabitants. The necessity for so wide a departure from the ancient laws of Eng land, he ventured to say, no longer existed. In 1836, he had officially certified when called upon, ' that in his opinion; so far as his ex perience had extended, the verdicts of the Juries of Civil inhabitants, empanelled under the Colonial laws for the trial of Civil and Criminal issues respectively in the Supreme Court, had in general answered the ends of law and justice.' Since then, he had seen no reason to change that opinion. On the contrary, it had been confirmed by subsequent experience, and he was prepared to express his conviction, from close observation, that the Colony was in a fit state to receive with advantage to public justice, the unqualified introduction of trial by Jury. There are now thousands of respectable civil inhabitants in New South Wales, as well quali fied by intelligence and respectability to dis charge the office of jurymen as in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions. He owned that in his opinion the introduction of the system of trial by jury had been loo long delayed. The concession of this privilege, might perhaps by some be considered as the imposition of a bur then. He had heard it urged on a former day by an honorable member, that the duly of serving on juries was very inconvenient, and worked injury to individuals by taking them away from thcir'business. This was an argument against the present measure, which he was sure no man with a just sense of his position in society would be prepared to uphold. Doubtless the office of a juryman was burthensome, but it was amply compensated for in the privilege of sharing in the administration of public justice. The in troduction of die present measure could not be construed into any reflection upon the honorable body of men who had hitherto been called upon to serve on juries. From his experience, now of thirteen years, he had no hesitation in bear in:; testimony to the purity, integrity and ability, which- had distinguished the military juries during that long period. He had reason to believe that this was by no means an acceptable service, which (he gentlemen of the army and navy had, by force of law, been called upon to perform. It took them out of iheir proper vo cation, and the public service often sustained damage by detaching them from the duties of their profession. These considerations afford abundant argument it) favour of the present measure, even if the higher grounds of consti tutional expediency and necessity did not pre vail. The return laid on the table ahowing-tlie comparative number of cases tried by civil and military juries during the lost two years, afford no test of the merits of each mode of trial. It was notorious that the choice of the jury selected was mere matter of speculation in many cases. The verdict of one jury, whedier guilty or not guilty, often influenced the next prisoner to be tried, in die choice of die jury he had to select. A convicting military jury would frequently cause a run upon civil juries, and vice, versa. In most of the cases it was observable, that the greatest criminals chose military juries, as afford ing the greatest chance of escape, from their ignorance of character and experience of the habits oflife of the offender. Without however, farther adverting to considerations of this kind which were quite beside the present question, he was prepared to support the present measure, on the broad ground, that as the time had arrived for the unqualified introduction of trial by jury according to the law of England, it was a sacred privilege which ought no longer to be withheld from the people of the Colon}'. The effect of the present system was to encumber the admi nistration of justice with unnecessary machinery. Two sets of juries were always required to be summoned and in attendance upon the cbance of being called upon to serve. in the box: This was attended with great expense, inconvenience, and delay; but although these considerations ought not to determine the present question, yet they must be borne in mind, especially by those who were continually complaining of those parts of the public estimate, which concerned the ad ministration of justice. The colony was now rapidly wearing out its convict character, and in bis opinion the period had arrived for making this further step in the unqualified assimilation of trial by jury in this colony lo that of the Mother Country. The objections to (lie Bill did not proceed from any practical experience, but ho feared from a too tenacious attachment to suspicions, that the interests of justice could not be safely committed to those who might be im panelled ou juries. In practice he ventured to say, that in general, these prejudices would be found imaginary. Theoretical objections ought not to be allowed to prevail against the testimony of those who had daily experience of the working of the present unqualified system ; if the testimony of those who saw the system in actual operation were asked, he persuaded himeelf, it would be found almost unanimously in favour of the proposed measure. — Herald. The Hcnteb. The late Rains. — The country has not, we believe, presented so pro mising an appearance for several years as it does at this moment The rain, which commenced ou the 3rd of September, has filled every creek, and swollen the rivers in some instances to more than twenty feet above the average level. Sheep and cattle look well in all directions, and the corn fields ore giving full promise of an abun dant harvest In some -parts on the Lower Hunter, the wheat has been partially laid by the heavy rains, but not to any material extent, but should we have another week's rain euch as the last, it is to bo feared much damage will eneu ? ,____?_ ? ? -^^' Otving to the floods the mails did not reucb beyond Patrick's Plains until Uie lltli of Sep tember, wbeii tlirce mails readied Invcrmein. This delay of the mail has been vexatious to many, because unnecessary. The head of the Post Office department ought to provide against such contingencies. A puut at Patrick's Plains, and another at Aberdeen, is all that is requisite to secure the regular transmission of the mails. Jukies. — When Sir John Jamison, was ar guing on the constitutionality of the present Jury system, and urging the abolition of Mili tary Juries, a few days ago, Captain King re minded the Honorable Knight that he was one of the first that claimed his exemption as a phy sician and never sat upon a Jury at all. 'That's true,' said Sir John, 'but my reason for doing so was that I saw two fellows who had been convicted of horse-stealing, sitting on the Jury, and I did not choose to sit with them.' A stronger argument against the whole system, ihan the gallant Patriot's simple observation could not be found, and we ore surprised some of the members did not comment upon it. — Herald, — The whaler Norton arrived from London on Monday last, having been out twenty-five monlbs during which time she has procured C7P barrels of sperm oil. On the 15th Au gust she spoke'4lie British Sovereign, of Syd ney, with 65Q barrels of sperm oil, out eleven months and a half; and on the 8th September she spoke the 'brig Giraffe, from Sydney the 26lh August, bound to China, in latitude 22 ° 48' south, longitude 16 ° IS' cast, from which t vessel the Norton procured a fresh supply of | provisions, the crew having been short for some ? time past It is the Captain's intention to dis cbarge at this port, and get a new fit out before he proceeds to sea. Port Phillip.— We have been informed that the whole of the surveyed lands in the neighbourhood of Port Phillip, ore immediately to be offered for sale by the Government with the view of giving new settlers an opportunity of establishing themselves in that quarter. Ad ditional surveyors have also been despatched there to prepare more land for sale. A VEitv good one.— One of the members of the Junior Bar who has lately arrived in the Colony, has a very red face, which is beautifully mottled with purple. A few days ago one of the Fudges is said to have completely stultified the learned young gentleman by saying, ' Do you know what I think every time I look you in the face ?' ' Really your Honor,' stam mered out the learned gentleman, 'I am not aware — can't think — didn't know there was any thing in my face.' ' Every time I look in your face, I am reminded of a fieri facias' was the reply. The learned gentleman blushed a deep purple. — The barque Hope, arrived from Valpa raiso and Otaheite on Saturday night. Her _. cargo consists of Ml 8 bogs of wheat, 7 casks sperm oil, 35 casks cocoa nut oil, 7 casks molasses, 111 bage walnuts, 36 ba^s sugar, 10,000 lbs. arrowroot, 19,000 lbs. beef, 400 pigs beads, 3200 lbs. salmon, 4500 cocoa nuts, 26 bides, and 26 mares, consigned to Egan and Polack. The vessel reports tbat the war be tween Chili and Peru was at an end. Wheat was very scarce and could not be procured on that part of the coast of South America ; the small quantity brought by the Hope was pur chased at ten shillings a bushel. The ship Henry Porcher sent from here by the house of Montefiores & Co., for wheat, was unable to ob tain any, and was loading with copper ore for Liverpool ; another ship from this colony was loading for Swansea. Thirty-seven marcs were put on board the Hope, seventeen of which died on the voyage. The only vessel connected with these, colonies which sue spoke, .was the whaler Fortune, out six months, with 600 bar rels of oil— Sept. 16. — The American Exploring Squadron was at Valparaiso when the Hope left. It consists of the following vessels, viz : — The Vincennes 28 guns, the Peacock 28 guns, the Relief store ship, the brig Porpoise 10 guns. The schooner Flying Fish, and another schooner bad not ar rived up to die lime of the Hope leaving. They had been out nine months surveying to the southward, and it was their intention to survey the coast of Xew Holland ; after which they would come on to Sydney, which would be in about five months. Wheu in the Magellan Straits the Relief lost sis anchors from the boisterous weather. — Captain Boyle reports Norfolk Island to be perfectly quiet when he left. The soldiers had resumed their duties, the Commandant had not pulled the huts down. Native Blacks. — The following is a copy of the bill which has been introduced to make the evidence of the Aboriginal natives of this Colony admissible in the Criminal Courts : — 'A Bill to allow the Aboriginal Natives of New Soplh Wales, to be received as Competent Witnesses in certain cases.' Whereas itis found expedientand necessary for the purposes of jus tice, and the more effectual prosecution of crimes and misdemeanors, that the evidence of the aboriginal natives of the Colony of New South Wales should be receivable in all Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction : And whereas, they have not at present any distinct idea of religion or any belief in a future state of rewards and punishments, and therefore cannot be admitted as competent witnesses in any court of law, without the authority of the Legislature of said Colony : Be it enncted by the Governor of the said Colony, with the advice of the Legislative Council thereof, tliat every Aboriginal Native of the said Colony, shall be permitted to make an affirmation or declaration, to tell the truth, the whole (ruth, and nothing but the truth, in stead of talcing an oath, in any criminal pro ceedings that shall he instituted in said Colony ; and that the evidence so given shall he of so much weight only as corroborating circum stances may entitle it to; and if any such abo riginal native making such affirmation, or de claration, shall be lawfully convicted, wilfully, falselv, and corruptly, to have affirmed or de clared, nny matter or thing, which if the same had been on oath in the usual form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, he or she shall incur the same penalties and forfei tures, as by the laws and statutes of England, are enacted against persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, any law, statute, or cus tom to the contrary nothwithsianding. Gas-Light Company. — The bill for amend ing the Act of this Company having heen read a third lime, and passed by the Council where by the vexatious objection to the building of the Gas- Works within the town is entirely done away witb, the company yesterday took formal possession of the site' of their station, Kent street north, by the water-side of Darling Har bour. Major Barney, Commanding Royal Engineer, and one of the Directors, accompa nied by the Secretaiy, Reverend R. Mausfield, the Solicitor, D. Poole, Esq., and the Engineer, Mr. James Bryan, attended as the representa tives of the Company, and S. A. Donaldson, Esq., J.P., on behalf of Richard Jones, Ivsq., M.C. from whom the land was purchased. The Directors have accepted a Tender for opening the streets and laying down the mains ; and, as will be seen by our advertising columns of to day, are now calling for Tenders for oilier portions of tie 'work. — Sepl. 20. The Jews. — On Wednesday, a subscription was opened among the Jews for the erection of a Synagogue, and in a few hours nearly £2000 was subscribed. Forged Certificates of Character.' — By the law of England, a person giving a servant a certificate of good character, when it can be proved that the giver of the certificate knew nothing of the character of the party to whom he gave it, or that lie must have known bis character to be bad, is liable, by civil process, for the consequences of any fraud, &c.;, com mitted by the servant thus carelessly or inten tionally recommended. And very properly so ; for if it were otherwise, a thief might be (indeed such coses have often happened) introduced into a family, by means of a false character. We very much fear that individuals partiug with a servant, on account of ill-conduct, arc too often, either from a disregard of their neighbours' in terests, or swayed by a false humanity, say — ' Well, John, or Tom, you have behaved very ill, and I cannot retain you in my service auy longer ; but as I do not wish to keep you out of employment, I will give you a decent character and I bone you will behave better in your next place.' Now, we ask, is this fair, as between neighbour and neighbour? Here we have stated an instance of spurious humanity — so spurious as not to be very far from criminal. As to the fraudulent giving of characters, that subjects admits of no discussion. The immorality — the illegality of the act— is so evident, that we uced not waste words on the subject. Well, then, seeing that those who give characters carelessly or fraudulently, are legally as well as morally responsible— is (here no punishment for a fellow who forges a '-character' for himself ? A man applied lately to tbe proprietor of a somewhat extensive establishment in Sydney for employment, he was asked the usual Questions and he produced a written character ; the gentle man to whom be applied for employment took | the trouble of writing to the supposed rcferree, and the result proved that the ' character' was a forgery — that the 'character' which the party gave himself was tbe direct converse of that j which be deserved from his previous employer. Now, is there no punishment provided by law to be inflicted upon sucb impostors P If there is not, there ought to be. We are of opinion that any attempt to deceive, which, if successful, might inflict injury on unsuspecting persons — by means of a false 'character,' for instance — ought to be made penal. Ordination.-- -On Sunday, last, Mr. John Mason, of the Church Missionary Institution, New Zealand, was appointed a deacon, and the Reverend W. H. Walsh, a priest of die Church of England. After the usual prayers bad been read by the Reverend G. N. Woodd, M. A., the Bishop of Australia preached a sermon, taking his text from die twenty-second nnd tweuty-third verses of 20lh chapter of St. John, ' And when he bad said this, he breathed upon them and said unto diem, receive ye the Holy Ghost: whosoever sins ye remit they are re mitted unto them : and whosoever sins ye retain they nre retained.' The principal points upon which his Lordship dwelt was the apostolical succession of tbe ministry of the Church of England, the power, duties, and authority of the ministry, and die difference between con fession and absolution as practised in die Church of England, and auricular confession and minis terial absolution. After the sermon the Bishop took bis scat at die altar, when die Reverend W. Cowpcr, tbe senior chaplain in tbe Colony, presented the candidates to his Lordship and certified, in the usual manner, that he had ex amined and found them qualified for tbe office of the ministry. After they had answered the usual questions, the candidates were ordained ; his Lordship being assisted in the imposition of hands by die Reverend Messrs. Woodd, M. A. and Morse, M. A. The last named gentleman who arrived from England a few days ago by the Lady Raffles, is to be stationed at Invcr inein. — Sydney Herald, Sept. 26. Treasduv Bills.— We understand that Tenders were accepted for Treasury Bills to die amount of between £23,000 and £24,000, the highest rate of premium being 4 J per cent., nnd tbe lowest 3 per cent. The Blundering Codncil — Native Blacks ? When the Bill for making the native blacks of this colony competent witnesses was before the Council, Mr. Bcvry observed, tbat the assertion in the preamble did not appear to him to be quite correct, for he was of opinion (hat the blacks have some idea of a future state. The Governor said that some speculative writers asserted that there never was a tribe discovered which had not some idea of religion. The Attorney-General said, that there is a black residing with die Reverend Mr. Thrdkeld who was a-very intelligent man ; but although lie has assisted in translating the Gospel, still be had no iden of a future state, and Mr. Justice Bur ton after examining him upon the point for near an hour and a half, was obliged to decline ex amining him. Mr. Berry said, that at Shoal liaven the blacks have a dreed of evil spirits, and have some idea of die transmigration of souls ; they think that they are turned into fishes and in that state that they can look after their descendants ; when porpoises have been rolling up tbe river be has been told by die blacks that they were old chiefs, and one dine he gave very great offence bv shooting at one of them : at lllawarra a black told him diat one lime when there was a very great scarcity of provisions, he went to bed very hungry, and in his sleep his father appeared to him in a vision, and told him that if he went to a particular place in the morning be would find something to cat, and upon going there he found a whale which bad been driven ashore, and upon which lie fared sumptuously, and the way in which the black accounted. for this was, diat his father had assumed the form of a sword fish and driven the whale ashore for him. — The ship Portland, from Sydney the 18th March, bound to London, was spoke on the 4th June by the Calcutta,, in Latitude 13' 60' soull] ; Longitude 299 23' west, all well. Extraordinary Proceedings at Tahiti. —By the Hope, we1 have private letters to the 29tli July, from Tahiti, giving an account of the proceedings of Captain La Place of the French frigate L'.trtetnise, during his stay there, which sink the buccaneering practices of Com modore Du Petit Thoire, (die recital of which caused so great a sensation some six or eight monlbs since) into utter insignificance. Intelli gence reached Sydney some months ago, of the arrival of L'Arlemue at Tahiti, having sustained considerable damage from striking on a sunken rock at the entrance to the harbour. It appears that the frigate struck on die rocks off Hitiun, to the eastward of Point Venus, and sustained so much damage diat it was with difficulty she was kept afloat until brought into Pupiete, and, while there, for several weeks, upwards of ISO natives had to be kept at work at tbe pumps to prevent her from sinking. The guus, ammuni tion, &c.;, had to be landed, and upwards of two months elapsed before the vessel was suffi ciently repaired to enable her to ship them again. During the whole of this time, the crew, about 450 in number, behaved tolerably well, the discipline maintained being pretty good. When die repairs were completed and the vessel ready for sea, Captain La Place, instigated, it is licved, by Mr. Moerenliout.tlie dismissed Ame rican Consul, changed his demeanour towards the Queen of Tahiti, which up to this lime had been friendly. He demanded that Queen Pomare should repeal die law, in force in her dominions, prohibiting the leaching of Roman Catholic doctrines; that a Roman Catholic chapel -should immediately be built at Papiete, and subsequently at every station where there was u Protestant place of worship. If ber Majesty did not choose to promise instant com pliance with these demands, die gallant French man politely intimated lie suould send a lorce of 250 men with instructions to bum and destroy tbe large chapel, the Queen's house, and tbe other bouses of the Royal Family ; lie should then take possession of the island, depose the Queen, and put a Roman Catholic chief at die head of the Government. Poor Queen Pomare, with a frigate such as L'.irlemise, and a force such as Captain La Place could command, opposed to her feeble power, had no alternative but to comply with this unparalleled tyrannical demand, and die Captain having made this ap propriate return for die hospitable treatment be had received when his ship was all but wrecked, sailed for Oahu, avowedly with the intention of demanding 25,000 dollars, as a compensation due to the King of France for die expulsion of die Roman Catholics from diat Island. Tbe only reason Captain La Place assigned for act ing thus, was, that the law prohibiting die teaching of Roman Catholic doctrines in the Island was a mark of degradation put upon die French nation, and he was determined that wher ever he had itin hispower La belle France should be on a level with the English and Americans. The gallant Captain, it seems, acted entirely on his own responsibility, excepting in so far as die suggestions of Mr. Moerenhoul, who, it seems, has been appointed French Consul at Tahiti, will afford him an excuse. — Sydney Gasette. 