O? igittal (ortrespon#ence. To the Editor qf the Australasian Chronicle. ON THE WANDERINGS OF THE HUMAN MIND, -IN SEARCH OF KNOWLEDGE. No. 2. " Think not only of the road through which you are travelling, but also take care never to lose sight of the blessed country at which you eapect shortly to arrive " Sr. AUGUSTINE. Sir,-It is an admitted principle with Chris. tians of every denomination, that there are certain errors fatal to men's salvation. Christ declares that scandals will come, but ' woe to him by whom they do come." St .Paul foretells that heresies will arise; and we may add, woe to him from whom they take their, rise. Hence St.' Paul ranks "heresies, and schisms, and sects,' among the sins that exclude from the kingdom of God. The first thing, then, that man in search of Christian knowledge should learn, is, the nature and meaning of "heresy." as being fatal to his eternal happiness. The meaning: of the original Greek term is, "a choosing, a selection, a sect." Its meaning among Christians, is "a wilful and obstinate adherence to an opinion or doctrine contrary to revealed truth, when that truth is announced by competent authority." Hence, a man may be in error without being guilty of heresy; as St. Augustine says,'" I may err, but I would not be an heretic " It is evident to the lowest under- standing, that: "wilfully to reject a revealed truth, when duly promulgated," must be an offence against God, the author of all revelation ; for when the Almighty hath been pleased to reveal truths to man, for his guidance in this mortal life, it is the imperative duty of man to obey these divine truths in every respect. He is not deliberately to select some and reject others, according to his own whim or opinion; no more than he is at liberty to observe some and reject others of the Ten Commandments of God. No, every Christian is as strictly bound to believe every revealed truth, as he is com manded to fulfil every moral precept. The rejection of one is as criminal as the violation of the other. This was the last solemn command that our blessed Saviour gave to his Apostles, before his ascension into heaven: " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you: and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." Therefore, to reject, wilfully and obstinately, anything that Christ commanded, and that the Apostles taught, is a sin that excludes from the kingdom of Christ—and that is "heresy." As far as we can ascertain, Simon Magus (or the the Maigician), was the first who was guilty of this sin, under the Christian dispensation, and here commences my proposed analysis of " heresies,"'and of their founders. SIMON was a native of Gitton, in Samaria, and before the arrival of St. Philip, seduced the people, whom he had for a time deluded by his magical practices—as St. Luke testifies, Acts vii., "giving out that he was some great one; to whom they all gave ear, from the least to the greatest, saying—This man is the power of God, which is called great." As God per mitted the infernal spirit to assist the magicians of Pharoah against Moses, for a time, so was Simon permitted to practise his illusions and ar tifices against the truth of the miracles of Christ; but his impostures were soon confounded, for the miracles and preaching of Philip soon astounded the magician. Being an eye-witness to these facts, and seeing the people demanding and receiving baptism, he believed, or pretended to believe, and was baptised, and adhered to Philip—hoping to attain to the power of perform ing miracles similar to those performed by the Apostolic Deacon. The Apostles, hearing at Jerusalem of the conversion of Samaria, sent Peter and John to confirm the new Christians by the imposition of hands, which sacrament Priests or Deacons could not confer. Certain external gifts of miraculou, powers were then usually conferred by the sacrament of Con firmation, or of "the imposition of hands," by the Apostles. Simon, anxious to obtain these powers, offered money to the Apostles, saying, " Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I shall lay my hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost." To whom St. Peter said-" Keep thy money to thyself, to perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money. Do penance for this, thy wickedness, and pray to God, if perhaps this thouight of thy heart may be forgiven thee, for I see thou art in the gall of bitterness, and engaged in the bonds of iniquity." But Simon did not sincerely repent; however, fearing temporal evils, he asked Peter to pray for him to the Lord, "that none of these things may come upon him." From the crime of Simon, the sin of selling any spiritual thing for a tem. poral consideration is called Simony. We have no further distinct account of this impostor in scripture, except that he and his followers seem to be marked out by St. Paul 11 Tim. 3. c., and by St. Jude, i. c. v. 4., and St. James, 2 c: proved against them the neces sity of good works together with faith, for sal vation. St. Peter draws their portrait in the most frightful colours-2 ep., 2 c. St. Epiphanius, St. Irenæus, Tertullian, and Theodoret, inform us, that Simon pretended to be the Messias, and called himself the power of God, who descended on earth to save men, and to re-establish the order of the universe, which he affirmed had been disturbed by the am- bition of the angels, striving which should be first, and enslaving men under their government of the world. He said, that to hold men in their captivity, they had invented the law of good works, whereas, he taught that faith alone sufficeth to salvation. Behold the origin of modern pet doctrines ! He pretended that the world was created by angels, who afterwards re- volted from God, and usurped an undue power in it, yet he ordered sacrifices to be offered to the Father by the mediations of those powers, to appease them that they might not obstruct our designs on earth. This superstitious wor- ship of angels was real idolatry and condemned by St. Paul, as a false religion of angels.— Coloss. c. 2. This has no reference to the relative honor always paid to angels by the first Christians. Simon rejected the old Testament. He pur- chased a beautiful female at Tyre, whom he called Helena, and said she was the first "intelligence," and that the Father, through her, had created the angels—he often said he was the Holy Ghost, and gave that name sometimes to Helena. He required divine honour to be paid himself, as Jupiter, and to Helena, as Mi- nerva. He denied free will, and sowed the seeds of the abominations afterwards propagated by the Gnostics. In all things he endeavoured to rival Christ. Thus you perceive that the errors about free will, good works, faith alone as necessary to salvation &c.;, derive their origin from the ra vings of this impious magician. It is stated by many ancient writers that Si- mon Magus came to Rome and was highly cherished by " Nero," who was extremely ad- dicted to magic and magicians,—that he pro- mised to fly in the air, in imitation of the "ascension of Christ," that St. Peter and St. Paul seeing the delusion betook themselves to prayer, and that the impostor in his attempted flight fell to the ground, broke his legs, and died a few days after in rage and confusion. Thus ended the first heresiarch,would to God his errors had ended with him. But our Divine Saviour was pleased to suffer contradictions of his doc trines, to teach his followers patience and meek ness, under the like trials and contradictions. If all our labours were always successful, where would be the crown of patience ? Yours truly, JOHN SCOTT. 