FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT " GHOST."— No. I. Dialogue between a Clergyman of the Church of England and an Undertaker, in the Protestant Burial Ground. (A Fact.) Undertaker.- — (Time very valuable, and very iinpaneut.) 1 wonder where the Parson an be ; here we have been waiting upwards twenty minutes in the damp air, and one if tlio mourners in a delicate state of health ! .)h, there he coines, and as slow as if the id'air were one of great indifference. (Ad-, dressing the. Clergyman.) We have been vaiting for you upwards of twenty iiiiuntes,' sir. > y ; Clergyman.— Indeed ;; I'm sorry forthat ; your, watch, sir, I think, must be too fast. Undertaker.— Not at all, Mr. Parson, not a moment ; quite riglit I assure you. Clergyman.— \\\re\, I' m sorry you have been waiting ; hut it has only exercised that be3t of all virtnes-r-patietice. , Undertaker. — Patience ! indeed; would you have waited so long- for a corpse as twenty minutes; you would have done in this case as you and many iriore of. your jlotii have often done before — knocked patience down before five ihinutes had elapsed, according to your watch, and marched off, leaving the body exposed for several hours, until patience, "that best of virtues,'' had recovered and returned to vour breast, and then von would have come back to the melancholy scene, and buried the body. : Clergyman.— (Growing warm.) Sir, sir, what d o yon mean ? . ; Undertaker.— Simply this— that -if you lo.not knowour duty, you must be taught t ; for it is a shame for men in your state of life not to -study regularity and punctu- ility. partictilarly in cases like these. ! Clergyman. — (Growing warmer,) Sir, im I to look to you to be' taught what my iuty is; perhaps, sir, iny detention was occasioned by. temporary indisposition ? : Undertaker. — Then why, as yPu knew ve should be on the ground at the fixed ;ime, did you not ask one of your brother parsons to officiate for you ? Clergyman.— Raging. ) I'll not be tpoken to by you in this fashion; if you lon't hold your tongue, sir, I'll make you,; oy appealing to the law. Undertaken— Now, my. good sir,, exer cise a 1 ittle. coolness, and patience— it is the best of virtues ; I have said nothing that -hould so :vex your spirit. At this stage of the dialogue, the Cler gy mail had reached the ' grave, and having read the service, and the ceremony over, proceeded to address, the Undertaker. Clergyman.— A n other time, if you have any complaint to -make, let it be done aftei the ceremony,- and . not before, as it unfits me for the sacred duty. - Undertaker.'-" When I have cause to coiriplain of such wanton neglect I shal not be particular in studying the time, be assured sir. Clergyman - — If ypu again interrbpt me. I shall take measures t.o stop you. Undertaker. — -Ah ! - how will you do that, friend ; you'd only be exposing youreelf. Cle?'gyman — Law, law, law— that is whai should stop yon. "Undertaker.— How would yon mgke law believe you have not deserved my displea sure, as well as that of the moimiers ii attendance ? Clergyman.— I will not listen to you any longer. The Bishop only has the right t( dictate to, or question me. - Undertaker. — You shall hear me, sir; and the Bishop too ; and if that gentlemab does his duty, he will deprive you, arid twi or three others like yon, of your gowns, lil'i you could leant to exercise patience,, and embrace humility. I if Bishop 'Brdiightdn imagines the above to be a mere'farce,-he wili be very 'iuuclj mistaken ; it. actually .occurred, though perhaps the precise words. have,/not been sei down to the Parson-'s account, in th'e' dia logue-;'' but the substahep is the same, and. in -fact, considerably 'ntilder In "that part of it set down as.tlie speeches of the Clergy man. ; If the Bishop would now and then lay .in ambush beliiud . a, gi-ave-stone, hf would there be enabied to judge for himsel- of the general indecorous manner in which the Clergymen of the Church of England perform this m ost ' m elaneholy of - all reli gious services. One Clergyman, some time ago, (we" think the patriarch of this sect) , actually left the groundj after he. had arrived for the performance of this sacred- duty, because, be learat that the deceased had no! Kved in his parish ! Would this be believed in England ? 