1 THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF Nicholas NteltfriJg; CONTAINING A liiitli ful account of the Fortunes, Misfor- ... t tines, Uprisings, Downfallings, and complete Career of the Nickleby Family.: EDITED BY " BOZ." ( Continued .) CHAPTER XXXVn. -NICBOLAS FINDS FURTHER FAVOUR IN THE EYES OF THE BROTHERS CHEERY - BLK AND MR. TIMOTHY 'LINKINWATER. THE BROTHERS GIVE A BANQUET ON A GREAT ANNUAL OCCASTON ; NICHOLAS, ON RETURNING FROM IT, RECEIVES A MYSTERIOUS AND IMPORTANT DISCLO SURE FROM THE UPS OF MRS, NIC- . LEBY. The square in which the counting- house of the brothers Cheeryble was si tuated, although it might not wholly re alise the very sanguine expectations which, a stranger would be disposed to form on hearing the fervent encomiums bestowed upon it by Tim Linkinwater, was, never- tneiess, a sumcientJv desirable nook in the heart of a busy town like London, and one which occupied a high place in the affectionate remembrances of several grave persons domiciled in the neighbour hood, whose recollections, however, dated from a much more recent period, and whose attachment to the spot was far less absorbing than were the recollections and attachment of the enthusiastic Tim. And let not those whose eyes have been accustomed to the aristocratic gra vity of Grosvenor square and Hanover- square, the dowager barrenness and frigi dity of Fitzroy-square, or the gravel walks and garden seats of the squares of Russell and Euston, suppose that the nffeetions of rim TJnlvinOTnfrMv "" " """ 9 V WWW »M4V" rior lovers of this particular locality, had been awakened and kept alive by any refreshing associations with leaves how ever dingy, or grass, however bare and thin. The city square has no enclosure, save the lamp-post in the middle, and no grass but the weeds which spring up round its base. It is a quiet, little-fre quented, retired spot, favourable to me lancholy and contemplation, and appoint ments of long- waiting; and up and down its every side the appointed saunters idly by the hour together, wakening the echoes, with the monotonous sound of his foot-, steps on the smooth-worn stones, and counting first the windows and then the. very bricks of the tall silent houses that hem him round about. In winter-time the snow will linger there, long after it has melted from the busy streets ancii highways. The summer's" sun holds it in some respect, and while he darts his cheerful rays sparingly into the square, he keeps his fiery heat and glare for noisier and less-imposing precincts. It is so quiet that you can almost hear the ticking of your own watch when you stop to cool in its refreshing atmosphere. There is a distant hum — of coaches, not of insects — but no other sound disturbs the stillness of the square.. The ticket-, porter leans idly against the post at the. corner, comfortably warm, but not hot, although the day is broiling. His white apron flaps languidly in the . air, his head gradually droops upofi his breast, he takes very long winks with both eyes at once ; even he is unable to withstand the soporific iriflueuce of the place, and is -gradually -Tailing asleep. But now he starts ; into full- wakefulness -recoils a step or two, 'and rgazes out ihefore -him with eager wildness in -his 'eye. IfsiiUa job, or, a boy at marbles ? Doesihe'seea -ghost, or hear an organ ? TNo:; sight more un-. wonted still— there is a butterfly in the -square — a real, live, butterfly ! astray from flowers and -sweets, and fluttering among the iron heads ;of ithedusty area -railings ! Bur if there were rnrit mrotty matters immediately without the >doarsr6f Glieery- hle Brothers, to engage -the attention or distract the thoughts of The 'young clerk, "there were not a few within to interest ;and -amuse him. There was scarcely an -object in the place, animate or inanimate, which did not partake in some degree of 'the scrupulous method and punctuality of : Mr. Timothy Linkinwater. Punctual as the counting-house dial,, which he main- "tained to be the best time-keeper in Lon don, next after the clock of some old, hidden, unknown church hard by, (for Tim held the fabled, goodness of that at the Horse Guards to be a pleasant fiction, 7in VPnfPfl KIT IOOIAIIQ w J JVWIVU3 IMC VII U clerk performed the minutest actions of "the day, and arranged the minutest arti cles in the little room, in a precise and regular order, which could not have been -exceeded if it had actually been a real : glass case -fitted with the choicest curiosi ties. Paper, ipens, ink, ruler, sealing- wax, wafers, ipounceJbox, string-box, fire box,' Tim's hat, Tim's scrupulously-folded gloves, Tim's" other coat— looking pre cisely like a back view of himself as it hung against the wall — all had their ac customed inches of space. Except the clock, there was not such an accurate and unimpeachable instrument in existence as the little thermometer which hung behind the dcor. There was not a bird of such nnethodical and business-like habits in all the world as the blind blackbird, who dreamed and dozed away his days in a large snug cage, and had lost his voice from old age years before Tim first bought Jiim. There was not such an eventful «tory in the whole range of anecdote as 'Tim could tell concerning the acquisition of that bird: how, compassionating his starved and suffering condition, he had purchased him with a view of humanely "terminating his wretched life; how he determined to wait .three days and see whether the bird revived; how, before lialf the time was out, the bird did revive; and how. he went on reviving and picking up his appetite and good looks until, he gradually became what—" what you see him now, sir" — Timi would say, glarfcing proudly at the cage. And with that Tim would utter a melodious chirrup, and cry "Dick;" and Dick, who, for any sign of life he had previously given, might have been a wooden or stuffed representation of a blackbird indifferently executed, would come to the side of the cage in three jumps, and, thrusting his bill between the bars, turn his sightless head towards his old master — and at that moment it would be very difficult to determine which of the two was the happier, the bird, or Tim Linkinwater. Nor was this all. Everything gave back, besides, some reflection of the kindly spirit of the brothers. The waie- housemen and porters were such sturdy and jolly fellows, that it was a treat to see them. Among the shipping announce ments and steam-packet lists which deco rated the counting-house walls, were de signs for alms-houses, statements of cha-: rities, and plans for new hospitals. A blunderbuss and two swords hung above the chimney-piece for the terror of evil doers, but the blunderbuss was rusty and shattered, and the swords were broken and edgeless. Elsewhere, their open display in such a condition would have raised a smile, but ihere it seemed as though even violent and offensive weapons partook of the reigning influence, and became em blems of mercy and forbearance. Such thoughts as these occurred to Ni cholas very strongly on the morning when he first took possession of -the vacant, stool, and looked about him more freely and at ease than lie had before enjoyed an opportunity of doing. Perhaps they encouraged and stimulated him to ex ertion, for,' during the next two weeks, all his spare hours, late at night and early in the morning, were incessantly devoted to acquiring the mysteries of book-keeping and some other forms of mercantile account. To these he applied himself with such steadiness and perse verance, that, although he brought no greater amount of previous knowledge to the subject than certain dim recollections of two or three very long sums entered into a cyphering-book at school, and re lieved for parental inspection by the effigy of a fat swan tastefully flourished by the writing-master's own hand, lie found himself, at the end of a fortnight, in a condition to report his proficiency to Mr. Linkinwater, and to claim his promise that he, Nicholas Nickleby, should now be allowed to assist him in his grayer la bours. It was a sight to behold Tim Linkin water slowly bring out a massive ledger and daybook, and, after turning them over and oyer and affectionately dusting their backs and sides, open the leaves here and there, and cast his eyes, half mournfully, half proudly, upon the fair and unblotted entries. "Four-and -forty year, next May !" said Tim. "Many new ledgers since, then. Four-and-forty year !" Tim closed the book again. ' Come, come," said Nicholas, " I am all impatient to begin." Tim Linkinwater shook his head with an air of mild reproof# Mr# Nickleby was not sufficiently impressed with the deep and awful nature of his undertaking. Suppose there should be any mistake — any scratching: out — Young men are adventurous. It is ex traordinary what they will rush upon sometimes. Without even taking the precaution of sitting down upon his stool, but standing leisurely at the desk, and with a smile upon his face — actually a smile ; (there was no mistake about it ; Mr. Linkinwater often mentioned it af terwards ;)" Nicholas dipped his pen into the inkstand before him, and plunged into the books of Cheeryble Brothers ! Tim Linkinwater turned pale, and tilt ing up his stool on the two legs nearest Nicholas, looked over his shoulder in breathless anxiety. Brother Charles and Brother Ned entered the counting-house together ; but Tim Linkinwater, without looking round, impatiently waved his hand as a caution that profound silence must be observed, and followed the nib of the in experienced pen with strained and eager eyes. ' The brothers looked on with smiling faces, but Tim Linkinwater smiled not nor moved for some minutes. At length he drew a long slow breath, and, still maintaining his position on the tilted stool, glanced at Brother Charles, secretly pointed with the feather of his pen to wards Nicholas, and nodded his head in a grave and resolute manner, plainly sig nifying " He'll do." Brother Charles nodded again and ex- Anon rrnrl n 1 o i I «-# Ima)» A JOUgUlllgp iUUIW YVXLil uruiUvi Ned; but just then Nicholas stopped to refer to some other page, and Tom Link-, inwater, unable to contain, his dissatisfac tion any longer, descended from his stool and caught him rapturously by the hand. " He has done it,'' said Tim, looking round at his employers and shaking his head triumphantly. "His capital B's and D s are exactly like mine ; he dots all his small i's and crosses every t as he writes it. There a nt such a young man as this in all London,'' said Tim, clapping Nicholas on the back ; " not one. Don't' tell me. The city can't produce his equaL I challenge the City to do it !" With this casting down of his gauntlet, Tim 'Linkinwater struck the desk such a blow with his clenehed fist, that the old blackbird tumbled off his perch with the start it gave him, and actually uttered a feeble croak in the extremity of his asto nishment, " Well said, Tim — well said, Tim Lin kinwater!" cried Brother Charles, scarce ly less pleased than Tim himself, and clap ping his hands gently as he spoke, " I knew our young friend would take great pains, and I was quite certain he would succeed, in np time. Didn't I say so, brother Ned ? " " You did, my dear brother— certainly, my dear brother, you said so, and you were quite right," replied Ned . " Quite right. Tim Linkinwater is excited, but he is justly excited, properly excited, Tim is a. I Gne fellow. Tim Linkinwater, Sir— you re a fine fellow.'' " Here's a pleasant thing to think of,'' said Tim, wholly regardless of this address to himself, and raising his spectacles from the ledger to the brothers. " Here s a plea sant things Do you suppose I haven't often thought what would become of these books when I was gone? Do you sup pose I haven't often thought that things might go on irregular and untidy here, after I was taken away ? But now, said Tim, extending his fore-finger towards Nicholas, "now, when I've shown him a little more, I'm satisfied. The business will go on when I'm dead as well as it did when I was alive— just the same; and, I shall have the satisfaction of knowing that there never were such books— never were such books! No, nor never will be such books — as the books of Cheeryble Brothers." Having thus expressed his sentiments, Mr. Linkinwater gave vent to a short laugh, indicative of defiance to- the cities of 1 ondon and Westminster, and turning again to his desk quiet' y carried seventy- six from the last column he had added up, and went on with his work. " Tim Linkinwater, Sir," said brother Charles ; give me your hand, Sir. This is your birth day. How dare you talk about any thing else till you have been wished many happy returns of the day, Tim Linkinwater? God bless yoa, Tim! God bless you ! " " My dear brother," said the other, seizing Tim's disengaged fist, "Tim Link inwater looks ten years younger than he did on his last birth-day." " Brother Ned, my dear boy," returned the other old fellow, " I believe that Tim Linkinwater was born a huiidred-and-fifty years old, and is gradually coming down to five-and- twenty; for he's younger every birth-day than he was the year before." " So he is, brother Charles, so he is," replied brother Ned. " There's ,. not a doubt about it.' " Remember Tim," said brother Charles, " that we dine at half-past five to-day in stead of two o'clock; we always depart from our usual custom on this anniversary, as you very well know, Tim Linkinwater. Mr. Nicttleby, my dear sir, you will make one. Tim Linkinwater, give me your snuff-box as a remembrance to brother Charles and myself of an attached and faithful rascal, and take that in exchange ; as a feeble mark of our respect and esteem, and don't open it until yon go to bed, and never say another word upon the subject, or I'll kill the blackbird. A dog ! He would have had a golden cagehalf-a-dozen years ago, if it would have made him or his master a bit the happier. Now, bro ther Ned, my dear fellow, I'm ready. At half-past five, remember. Mr. Nickleby. Tim Linkinwater, sir, take care of Mr. vNickleby at half-past five. Now, brother Ned:" . Chattering away thus, according to cus tom, to prevent the possibility of any thanks or acknowledgement being ex pressed on the other side, the twins trotted off arm in arm, having endowed Tim Link inwater with a costly gold snuff-box, in closing a bank-note worth more than its value ten times told. At a quarter past five o'clock, punctual to the minute, arrived, according to annual usage, Tim Linkinwater's sister; and a great to-do there was between Tim Link inwater's sister and the old liouse-keeper respecting Tim Linkinwater's sister's cap, which had been dispatched, per boy, from the house of the family where Tim Link inwater's sister boarded, and had not yet come to hand ; notwithstanding that it had been packed up in a bandbox, and the bandbox in a handkerchief, and the hand kerchief tied on to the boy's arm; and notwithstanding, too, that the place of its consignment had Jbeen duly set forth at full length on the hack of an old letter, and the boy enjoined, under pain of divers hor rible penalties, the full extent of which the eye of man could not foresee, to deliver the same with all possible speed and not to loi ter by the way. Tim Linkinwater's sister lamented"; the housekeeper condoled, and both kept thursting their heads out of the second-floor window to see if the boy was " coming," — which would have been high ly satisfactory, and, upon the whole, tan tamount to his being come, as the distance to the corner was not quite five yards — when all of a sudden, and when he was least expected, the messenger, carrying the band- box with elaborate caution, ap peared in an exactly opposite direction, puffing and panting for breath, and flushed with recent exercise, as well he might be ; for he had taken the air, in the first in stance, behind a hacknev- coach that went to - Camberwell, and Had followed two Punches afterwards, and had seen the Stilts home to their own door. The cap was all safe, however— that was one com fort — and it was no use scolding him — that was another; so the boy went upon his way rejoicing, and Tim Linkinwater's sister presented herself to the company below stairs just five minutes after the half-hour had struck by Tim Linkinwater's own in fallible clock. The company consisted of the brothers Cheeryble, Tim Linkinwater, a ruddy- faced white-headed friend of Tim's, (who was a superannuated bank clerk,) and Ni cholas, who was . presented to Tim Linkinwater's sister with much gravity and solemnity. The party being now com plete, brother Ned rang for dinner, and, dinner being shortly afterwards announced, led Tim Linkinwater's sister into the next room where it was set forth with great preparation. Then brother Ned took the head of the table and brother Charles the foot; and Tim Linkinwater's sister sat on the left hand of brother Ned, and Tim Linkinwater himself on his right ; and an ancient butler of apoplectic appearance, and with very short legs, took up his po sition at the back of brother Ned's Rrm chair, and, waving his right arm prepa ratory to taking off the covers with a flourish, stood bolt upright and motion less. " For these and all other blessings, brother Charles," said Ned. . I " Lord, make us truly thankful, bro ther Ned," said Charles. Whereupon the apoplectic butler whisk ed off the top of the soup tureen, and shot all at once into a state of violent activity. There was abundance of conversation, and little fear of its ever flagging, for the good humour of the glorious old twins drew everybody out, and Tim Linkinwater's sister went off into a long and circum stantial account of Tim Linkinwater's in fancy, immediately after the very first glass of champagne — taking care to pre mise that she was very much Tim's junior, and had only become acquainted with the facts from their being preserved and handed down iu the family. This history concluded, brother Ned related how that, exactly tbirty-five years ago, Tim Link inwater was suspected of having received a love letter, and how that vague infor mation had been brought to the counting- house of his having been seen walking down Cheapside with an uncommonly handsome spinster ; at which there was a roar of laughter, and Tim Linkinwater being charged with blushing, and called upon to explain, denied that the accusa tion was true; and further, that there would have been any harm in it if it had been ; which last position occasioned the superannuated bank clerk to laugh tre mendously, and to declare that it was the very best thing he had ever heard in his life, and that Tim Linkinwater might say a great many things before he said any thing which would beat that. There was one little ceremony peculiar to the day, both the matter and manner of which made a very strong impression upon Nicholas'. The cloth having been re moved and the decanters sent round for the first time, a profound silence succeed ed, and in the cheerful faces of the bro thers there appeared an expression, not of absolute melancholy, but of quiet thought- fulness very unusual at a festive table. — As Nicholas, struck by this sudden alte- ration, was wonaenng wnat it could por tend, the brothers' rose together, and the one at the top of the table leaning for ward towards the other, and speaking in a low voice, as if he were addressing him individually, said— " Brother Charles, my dear fellow, there is another association connected with this day which must never be forgotten, and never can be forgotten, by you and me. This day, which brought into the world a most faithful and excellent and exemplary fellow, took from it the kindest and very best of parents— the very best of parents to us both. I wish that she could have seen us in our prosperity, and shared it, and had the happiness of knowing how dearly we loved her in it, as we did when we were two poor boys— but that was not to be. My dear, brother — The Memory of our Mother." " Good God !" thought Nicholas, " and there arc scores of people of their own station, knowing all this, and twenty thousand times more, who wouldn't ask these men to dinner because they eat with their knives and never went to school !'' But there was no time to moralize, for the joviality again became very brisk, and the decanter of port being nearly out, bro ther Ned pulled the bell, which was in stantly answered by the apoplectic but ler. " David," said brother Ned. " Sir," replied the butler. " A magnum of the double-diamond, David, to drink the health of Mr. Linkin water." Instantly, by a feat of dexterity, which was the admiration of all the company, and had been annually for some years past, the apoplectic butler, bringing his left hand from behind the small of his back, produced the bottle with the cork screw already inserted ! uncorked it at a jerk, and placed the magnum and the cork before his master with the dignity of conscious cleverness. <f Ha !" said brother Ned, first examin ing the cork and afterwards filling his glass, while the old butler looked com placently and amiably on, as if it were all his own property, but the company were quite welcome to make free with it, " this looks well, David." - " It ought to, sir," replied David.— " You'd be troubled to find such a glass of wine as is our double-diamond, and that Mr, Linkinwater knows very well — That was first laid down when Mr. Link- inwater first come, that wine was, gen tlemen." " Nay, David, nay" interposed brother Charles. " I wrote the entry In the cellar-book myself, s$r, if you please," said David, in a tone of a man quite confident in the strength of his facts. " Mr. Linkinwater had only been here twenty year, sir, when that pipe of double-diamond was laid down." " David is quite right — quite right, brother Charles,'' said Ned: "are the people here, David ? ' " Outside the door, sir," replied the butler. "" Shew 'em in, David, shew em in." (To be continued.) 