THE LOVER'SSLAST VIsIT. a..Cr raomISsoR wI.so..]' Tae window of the lonely cottage .of Hilltop was beaming far above the hihes, birch-wpod, seeming totravellers at a, dis tance in the lung valley below, who knew it not, to be a star in the sky.. A bright fire was in the kitchen' of that small tene nent; the floor was washed, swept, and sanded, and not a footstep b.ad marked its perfect neatness ; a small table was covered near the ingle, with a snowy- white cloth, on which was placed a frugal .evening meal, and, in happy, but pensive mood, sat there, all alone, the Woodcutter's daughter, a comely' and gentle creature,if not beautiful ; such an one as diffuses pleasure round her in the hayfield, and se renity over the seat in which she sits at tentively on the Sabbath day, listening to the Word of God, or joining with mellow voice in His praise and worship. On this night, she espected a visit from her lover, that they might fix their marriage-day; and her parents, satisfied and happy that their child was about to be wedded to a respectable shepherd, had gone to pay a visit to their nearest neighbour in the glen. A feeble and hesitating knock was at the door, not like the glad and joyful touch ofa lover'shand; and, cautiously opening ii, Mary Robinson beheld a female figure wrapped up in a cloak, with her face con cealed in a black bonnet. The stranger, whoever she might be, seemed wearied and worn out, and her feet bore witness to .a long day's travel across the marshy ,oun.aatns. Although she could scarcely help considering her an unwelcome visitor at such an hour, yet Mary had too much sweetness of disposition-too much hu moanity, not to request her to step forward into her but; for it seemed as if the wearied woman had lost her way and had come toward{ the shining window to be put right upon her journey to the low country. The stranger took off her bonnet on reaching the fire; and Mary Robinson beheld the face of one whom, in youth, she had tenderly. loved; alth ugh, for some years past, the distance at which they lived from each other had kept them from meeting, and only a letter or two, written in thleir simple way, had given them a few notices of each other's existence. And now Mary had opportunity, in the first speechless gaze of recognition, to m.ark the altered face of her friend; and her heart was touched with an ignorant compas sion. '" For mercy's sake ! sit down, Sarah I and tell us what evil has befallen you; for you are as white as a ghost. Fear not to confide any thing to my bosom ; we have herded sheep together on the lone some braes; we have stripped the bark together in the more lonesome woods ; we have played,' liaushed, sung, and danced together ; we have talked merrily and gaily, but innocently enough surely, of sweethearts together ; and Sarah, graver thoughts, toJ, have we shared, for, when your poor brother died away like a frosted flower, I wept as if I had been his si-ter, nor can I ever he so happy in this world as to forget him. Tell me, my friend, why are you here? and why is your sweet tace so ghastly ?" The heart of this unexpected visitor died within her at these kind and aflectionate inquiries. For she had come on an errand that was likely to dish the joy frnm that happy countenance. Her heart upbraided her with th e meatnness of the purpose for which she had paid this visit; but that was only a passing thought ; for .was. she, innocent and free froim sin, to submit, not only to desertion, but to disgrace, and not to trust herself and her wrongs, and her hopes of redres,..to her whom she loved as a sister, and whose generous natur , she well knew, not even love, the changer of so many things, could change utterly; though, indeed, it might render it colder than of old to the anguish of a female friend ? " Oh ! Mary, I must speak ; yet must my words make you grieve, far less for me than for yourself. Wretch. that 1I am, I bring evil tidings into the dwelling of my duarest friend ! These ribands,-they are worn for his sake.-they become well, as hae thinks, the auburn of your bonny hair ; that blue gown is wore to-night because he likes it; but, Mary, will you curse me to my face, when I declare before the God that made us, that that man is pledged unto me by all that is sacred between mortal creatures ; and that I have herein my bosom written promises and oaths of love from him who, I was this morning told, is in a few days to be thy husband - Tourn ne out of tie but now if you choose, and let me, if you choose, die of hungar and fatigue; in the woods whmere we have so often walked together ; for such death would be mercy to nme, in comparison to your marriage with him who is mine for ever, if there be a God who heeds the oaths of the creatures he has made." Mary Rohinson had led a happy life, but a life of quiet .thoughts, tranquil hopes, and meek desires. T'enderly and truly did she love the man to whom she was now be trothed; but it was because she thought him gentle, manly, uprirht, sincere, and one that feared God. His character was unimpeached; to her his behaviour had always been fond, affectionate and respect ful ; that hie was a fine-looking man, and could shew himself among the best of the country round, a. church, and market, and far day, she saw and felt with jplasure and with pride. But in the heart of this poor, humble, contented, and pious girl, love was not a violent piassion, but an af fection'sweet and pIrofound. SIhe looked forward to her marriage with a joyful sedateness, knowing that she would have to toilfor her family, if blest with children. but happy in the thought of keeping her husband's house clean,-of prelparing his frugal meals, and welcoming him, when wearied at night, to her faithful and. affec tionate, and grateful bosom At first, perhaps, a slight flush of anger towards Sarah tinged hercheek; then fol loWed, in quick. succession, or all blended together in one sickening pang, fear, ldis. appointment, the sense of wrong..and the cruel pain of disesteeming and despising one on whom her heart had rested with all its best and purest affections. But though there was a keen struggle between many feelings in her heart, her resulution wis formed during that very conflict ; and she said within herself, " If it be eve, - so, neither will I he so unjust as to depriv.e poor Sarah of the man who, ought to marry her, nor will I be st, mein and low-spirited, poor as I am, and dear as he- has been unto me, as tu become his wife." While these though's were calmly pas sing in the soul of this magnanimous girl, all her formeraffections for Sarah revived; and, as she sighed for herself; she wept aloud for her friend. " Be quiet, be quiet, Sarah, and sob not so as if your heart were break ing. It need not be thus with you. Oh ! sob not so sair! You surely have not walked in this one day from the heart of the .arish of Montrath ?" " I have in deed dune so, and I am as weak as the wreathed snaw. God knows, little matter if I should die away ; for, after all, 1 fear he will never think of me for his wife, and you, Mary, will lose a husband with whom you would have been happy. I feel, after all, that I must appear a mean wretch in your eyes." There was silence between them; and Mary Robinson looking at the clock, saw that it wanted only about a quarter of an hour from the time of tryst. " Give nime the oaths and promises )ou mentioned out of your bosom, Sarah, that I may shew them to Gabriel when he comtes. And once more I promise, by all the sunny and by all the snowy days we have sat together in the same plaid, on the hillside. or in the lonesome charcoal plots and nests o'green in the woods, that, if my Gabriel-did I say my Gabriel ?-has forsaken you, and deceived me thus, never shall his lips touch mine again-never shall he put a ring on my finger-never shall this head lie in his bosom - no, never, never! notwithstand ing all the hap;py, too happy hours and days I have been with him, near or at a dis tance-on the corn- rig - among the meadow-hay-in the singing-school--at harvest home-in this room-and in God's own house. So help me God, but I will keeip this vow !" Poor Sarah told, in a few hurried words, the story of her love and desertion,-how Gabriel, whose business as a shepherd, often took him into Montrath parish, had wooed her, and fixed every thing about their mairriage, nearly a year ago. But that he hand become causelessly jealous of a young. man whom ehe scarcely knew-had accused h,.r of want of virtue-and for ?many months had never once come to see tier. " This morning for the first time I heard for a certainty, from one who knew Gabriel well, and all his concerns, that the banns had been proclaitmed in the church between him and you; and that, in a day or two, you were to be married. A~rd, though I felt drowning, I determined to make a struggleformy life--for oh I Mary, Mary, my heart is not like your heart,-it wants your wisdom,' your meekness, your piety; and, if I am to lose Gabriel, I will destroy my miserable life, and face the wrath of God sitting in judgment upon sinners." At this burst of passion, Sarah hid her face with her hands, as if sensible that she had committed blasphemny. Mary, seeing her wearied, hungry, thirsty, and feverish, spoke to her in the most soothing manner; led her into the little parlour, called the :pence, then' removed Into it the table. with the oaten cakes, butter and, milk, and, telling her to take some refreshment, and then lie down in the bed, but on no ac count to leave the room till called for, gave her a sisterly kiss, and left her. In a few minutes the outer door opened, and Gabriel entered The loversaid, "How is mysweet Mary)" with a beaming countenance ;' and gently, I drawing her to his bosom, he kissed her cheek. Mary did not, could not, wished not, at once to release herself from his en folding arms.. Gabriel had always treated her as the woman that was to be his wife ; and though at this time her heart knew is own bitterness, yet she ,repelled not en dearments that were so lately delightful, and suffered him to take her almost in his arms to their accustomed seat. He held her hand in his, and began to speak in his usual kind and affectionate language. Kind and affectionate it was ; for. though he ought not to have done so, he loved her, ns lie thought, better than his life. Her heart could not in one small hour forget a whole year of bliss. She could not yet fling away with her own hand what, only a few minutes ago, seemied to her the hope of paradise. Her soul sickened within her, and she wished she were dead, or never had been born. '" O Gabriel i! Gabriel I well indeed have I loved you; nor will I say, after all that has passed between us, that you are not deserving, after all, of a better love than Smine. Vain were it to dellnymv love either Sto you, or to my own soul But look me Sin the face-be not.wrathful-think not to ,hide the truth either from yourself or me, for that now is itmpossible,-hut tell me Ssolemnly, as you shall answer to God at the judgment-day, if you know any reason a why I must ntt be your weuldet wife !" She kept her mnild moist eyes fixed upon him; but he hung cown his head, and uttered not a word, for he. was guilty before Sher before his own soul,and before God. I" Gabriel, never could we have been happy; for you often told me, that all the I secrets of your heart were known unto me, I yet never did you tell me this. How could I you desert the poor innocent creature that Sloved you; and how could you use me so, I who loved yon perhapls as well as she, but ,whose heart God will teach not to -forget you, for that I msay never do, but to think I on you aith that friendship dtid affectidn, I which, Innocently, I can bestow upon you, Iwhen you are Sarah's husband. PFr, Gabriel, I have this night sworn, not in anger or passion-no, no-but in sorrow and pity for another's wrongs, in sorrow also--deny it I will not-for my own, to look upon you frtom this hour, as on one whose life is to be led aplart froma my life, amid whose love must never more meet with, my love. Speak not unto me, look not on me with beseeching eyes. Duty and religion forbid us ever to be man and wife. But you know there is one besides me, whom you loved before you loved me, and, therefore, it may be. better too a and that she loves you, and is faithful as if God had made youtt one, I say without fear,-I who have known her since ede was a child, although, fatally for the peace of us both, we have long lived aprt. Sarah is in the house, and I will hr ng her unto you in tears, but not in tears of pe:.i tence, for she is as innocent of that sin as I am, who now speak." Mary went into the little parlour. and led Sarah forward in her hand. Despair ng as she had been, yet when she heard from poor Mary's voice, speaking so fervently, that Gabriel had come, and that her friend was interceding in her behalf,-the po or girl had arranged her hair in a small look ing-glass, tied it up with a riband which Gabriel had given her, and put into the breast of her gown d little gilt brooch that contained locks of their blended hair. Pale but beautiful,-for Sarah Pringle was the fairest girl in all the country,-she ad vanced with a flush on that paleness, of reviving hope, injured pr de, and love that was ready to forgive all, and forget all. so that once again she could be restored to the place in his heart that she had lost. " What have I ever done, Gabriel, that you should fling me from you 2 May my soul never live by the atonement of may Saviour, if I am not innocent of that sin, yea of all distant thought of that sin with which you, even you, have in your hardheartedness charged me. Look me in the face, Gabriel, and think of all I have been unto you, and if you say that before God, and in your own soul, you believe me guilty, then will I go away out into the dark night, anil long before morning, my troubles will be at an end. Truth was not only in her fervent and simple words, but in the tone of her voice, the colour of her face, -and the light of her eyes. Gabriel had long shut up his heart against her. At first, he had doubted her virtue, and that doubt gradually weakened his affection. At last he tried to believe her guilty, or to forget her altogether, when his heart turned to Mary Robinson, and he thought of making her his wife. His injustice-his wickedness- his base ness-which he had so long concealed, in some measure, from himself, by adim feel ing of wrong done him, and afterwards by the pleasure of a new love, now appeared to him as they were, and without disguise. Mary took Sarah by the hand and placed it within that of her contrite lover,-for, had the tumult -of conflicting passions al lowed him to know his own soul; such at that moment he surely was,-sa. ing with a voice as composed as the eyes with which site looked upon them-"I restore you to each other ; and I already feel the comfort of being able to do my duty. I will be bride's maid. And I now implore the blessings of God upon your marriage. Gabriel, your betrothed will sleep this night in nmy bosom. We will think of you, better, perhals, than you deserve. It is not for mte to tell you what you have to repent of. Let us all three pray for each other this night, and ever umore when we are on our knees before our Maker. 'I he old people will soon be at home. Good night, Gabriel l" He kissed Sarah, and, giving Mary a look' of shame, humility, and reverence, he went home to meditation and repentance. It was now midsummer; and before the harvest had been gathered in throughiut the higher valleys, or the sheep brought from tie mountarin-ohldl Gabriel and Sarah were man and wife, Time passed on, and a blooming family cheered their board and tfiaeide. Nor did Mary Robinson, the flower of the forest, (for so the Wood cutter's daughter was often called,) pass her life in single blessedness. She, too, became a wife and mother; and the two fatmilies, who lived at last on adjacent farms, were remarka'le for mutual affec tion, throughout all the parish ; and more than one intermarriage took place between them, at, a time when the worthy parents had almost entirely forgotten the trying incident of their youth.-Lights and Shadows of Scoltish Life. 