Dcuieitid Intellijence- W« were much .gratified in witaeasing en- aturdaf last, . the 9- h instant, the long !ook»d -fiircereminy . of laving the Foondstioq 4tone of a . ' jiuroh for the members of the United Church "of Eng land anii Ireland. > The aerrioe on th\s'' occasion commenced in the usul plaoe of Worship with the singing of a Poilm, cc- eompatdrti on the seraphiue by Mr Pul ler. ThpChapUin.fhe Rev. j C. Gryilg, then read the Collect, " Prevent us, O Lord, &u.;, and as a Lesson, the 1st cli. of the Prophet liaggal. The asse:iiltly then proceeded to the ground, where Hit Honor C. J. Latrobe, Esq., read a copy ol the Inscription which was written on pirchm<'nL and hermelieally closed in t bottle with some gold aud silver oitiu.a of the present year of- Her Alajesty ; then, having struck the stone three limes with a irallet. (lis Honor declared it in he laid to the Glory of God lhe Father, Sou. and-. Holy Ghost. A prayer, singing, and be nedict ion concluded the oereutpuy, \V e. Rfe infornirti correoliy we hope, tliBt U-t foteaded ib eutarge the pnrsehi' leiuporary place of Worship As' twelve months at least, must elapse before IfaR Cliuroh can berime available, it is -cer tainly very desirable to afford acoomiao- dfrtion to numbers desirous of utLeudiiig and attacked to the Episoupaliai form of worship. We are requeued to iafoun the proprietors of the Port Phi lip. Bank, that Ltiu ot the Sijb- Kriner ran be obtained at i heir temporary OAicc, Mr Wil'ianii', Golhnt-atreet. wfaereaucb , liavealwayi been upeu for iiiipeciioi pf Sitae- ' liulderi. The Ea/1 arrived in the pnrt on Mouday ni/ht from Hoturl Town. ThM reaael we .uudertUud ba keen disjiaiehed by tha owner in search of . the -Attn. We t _oe ioaa oioe week bask, aince which no imelli. ptcuce h«i been received of har fat. It ii to ba feared that the late violent gal have earned not only her dratk-uci ion. but that of the fiekwick and' the Chhrimte, two njurt of our regular traders. - Itap-ar to ui that -gieat caraleaauau mu>t he allowed ia the choice of commanders of culnuial ahippiog; wa cannot otherwise account for our frequent louea .duriog the Ukt aeon of the EquinuX j the Sarah, the Yarm Yarra. the I lost, and of theie uo information wa ever ob tained. If wa .hall hare tu add to this lilt of eelaaittei those we have mentiobnd tha lot of life -and p operly wilt be greaL aud di We learu from Captain Brad l>ui-, o 'tbibng' Ha mil too, that fatvpoke the brig Grecian, froiii Afiknijhi. - ryrt BjgjU/rpirBe da/a Captain G- VV. 'Rtchaidii (he comniauiier. informed him that pre'yioui to hh leA.riag Manilla, ' accounts had . Ceaa feeeiyed uf the entire stoppage of the tea 'trade; the immediate cauie df Uua great and aerere "blow tu' our axteoaire commerce in thia preciona end almuit indiipenaable article wha nqt explained; 'We rest exqred, however, that it' jnust originateun that old Cause of complaint the ( opium trade. .'It' will- be remembered by ipou of our twadera that the lares tinteikjpeScre«i.e<4kig the muundnt%nding- bet weed tM Chiweae and English autborltie, anBoennSd etrntntrtblv f- rangemeut which would for rfuf , fotury eschrt ' tha importation of opium' i'n.Euguan yeiala. eti4 secure the greiteit latiiuda to jln tea trade. iufurtdation which we hukr drasehifiiutUfulnot fco clear a in enable u to dectde',' whetbef.M pot the present i (wort hg rpfetyeee tq the mptyre ready settled, er Captain Bradbmryfeporu, ffipt|ped|pHsn' le the foregoing ieChUigMC, Jhe wet told Suaibee <>f ihe Raglhh m>Mrnt uitrfhipu >s| quitted for. Manilla," that tba jnajor part Of theja wera rS-: Turning home,' end-that vadgih genmal kad ia -cou.equeore experienced eseueral dlrpreaiioa t)u Muudny, in rfte forenoon, Mr Cerrll die- putt-d of by aiililuA The 'scfaobuhr Gem, kuidesi 64 tons. This c. aft, altlidegh. from the edver- tiaemeet Jt vesael.wf superior kind/failed ia bring ing ee a Ugh a price a waa , expected. With (all Mr. Cottrell'a rhettnic aadpuwecc of descrip- 'ioe. fala Irish yvjt, aed noted ctpabiliciu (tor flrtajo U«»%r aabri, ah era k»u«t4 dewn al ' The cultdj jltone and Emma, the grif «rty: of Vfr. ReeVhtr.waold at the isms tlraWith salt, rifttfng. Md everything complete, and'trohghl fivs hdndrad pdhnd. . " ' " The leho -nor OfiliMtrk,' built io thi town by Captain llrown, Wa bought in at cue hundred jmd thirty, Toe J'ihu.'nunrTlh?( was laid pn Li tn Bay iif Iilauds, uking id dil for Sydney. ' Tle StJ-athUl, Captald Fix, arrived. inporl un 9ohdey efcefdOOD, with a cargo of Tiuir pouies. We may codgretaUte the Colonltts qpon this r alsribleaoA eeaionable imporuiion; huraej d# every description have bocu at a high prvminm ia, tbedlltript- Ahiyhale of » larger jiij juJ mu- cqlar acljon have been chmflv in requisition ( t the purp(«rfetpck(|iif»e bwma-ea for generil breederii whilo ia V>w»gig,hpr«i, ;draiighthur»»«, mares and enlird have been the noslin demand; _ beside theie, there' -h»,"yet tieeri' wanuug a breed of good saddle hbrinae,- 'lie T;n> ir pl>nies> will ia some meafare eajJply the dednieucy at .' though mall in atze ; these are p-iisexred ofgr-xt power and Wdoderfnl ca'paritioi fo "s bearing ftign e, being withal sWifc' and docile- ' ' DOING A BEAT . — 'The Jury in a late case after having been locked up for a, night and the best part of two days, beginning, naturally enough, to feel the call of hunger rather abstrxx perous in the inward man, advised a scheme of appeasing their appetites. To accomplish, how- ever so desirable an end, it was necessary to get rid of the watchful eye of the tipstaff, who stand ing in a posirion where he could command both the window and the door of their room, effectually prevented anything like communication. Name you ? said a gaunt aborigine, with a capacius oppossum skin cloak carefully folded round his person addressing the constable. Constable— My name. Harry Stokes. Native— Ah ha ? merrygig you. What you up here— you catch him that man c.aLamt -fi. Uhjaflf ConitaMe— Plenty wbtte mia f got here- borack taegiva'cmaqythioa to oat, iYative—Huw many you got there > h t'diag p-the finger q/ ou hapdio tylidiaie hi q iaa- tioo of five., ' . . K»l ! cried the black, inrultar'ajtouih- ment, when the constable by ii siutilai /jirWrjs'rrf manual aigni, iuf jrinsd him thai thvir uum ier was twelve. » V "T " " Nativd-VYher that dfhite fellqw ''qua.ubi" iie.downj f c. The watch nan pijoted .with hi atalT to the doorof thecjo m.,''Aud . there- too ?Y aid the oative, gripniitg moat mlicl»arfy t oue of the jurors, whole. face at that tustah't appaareil at the window. "Yei," was the oonatahle! re'plv, and while Possuul Jack VdW'eyji'iig the" window with great-curiosity M if meaauriug its probable height from - the ground,"- an urgent -twy from th Jotefior. of the, apattmt ws heard, b- seeching the constable to hfjag- bu>e wa'er for Mc —— who was (aintiqg ,hTa huiuaU eyinpa- tbiei so directly assailed Were uuable to ffr»isi, the mn started off fa/ a.tio of Wabtr-jiriothor uiomeht hy Vra round the corner, Ui>fiw'ithe window add the native prdguig'b> hi fret- Jex, terously poised nd threw .a Urge loaf of; b>ed, hitherto aoncrale-l Wnea(h "t>i cloakj ri'hl aut >ug the. famished ju ion When he.xbnUible re- turnod""Poum Xaek" was .Icauiilg'krith -ao"ini- eayveableJncpreeeiiH) oMarineaa i» hi»-forni»r at« tidude, while the fainting man was declared to liake" recovered with -marvellous rapidity,-' th water being ttofonger in -requisition v i:"-- fr- - -jw4fariaa>jJ4to>. 