POLICE INCIDENTS. Monday, May 8. — John Booth was charged with being drunk, and breaking the windows of a house occupied by a Mr. Johnson, who, not appearing to pro- secute, the prisoner was discharged : although the constable swore that when he took him into custody he was drunk. Macdougall, Sheridan, and Carney were put to the bar, and remanded for the evidence of Mr. Shaw, in the service of Messrs. Hughes and Hoskings, on a charge of obtaining a quantity of maize, flour, &c.; under false pretences, Thomas and Harriet Chard were charged with receiving property stolen from the premises of Mr Lees, of George- street. Committed, but allowed bail. Jeremiah Buckley was charged with an assault and robbery upon the person of Ann Williams, on Tuesday morning last, between the hours of two and three o'clock. The constable stated that the woman was drunk when she gave the prisoner into custody, who was sober. The wo- man positively swore to the identity of the man, and said she had given him the price of a ball at the "Cannon Tavern," the evening previous, when in company with two other men, who assisted him when they robbed and assaulted her. Bench. — Was there any one in his com- pany when you took prisoner into custody, constable ? Constable. — Yes, your "Worship, but lord bless you, I could'nt take two at once ! Bench. — I should think not. Prisoner, what have you to say, why you should not be committed? Prisoner.— At the time, your Worship: that I was given into custody by the woman, who was drunk, but I was sober, I was going for the doctor for my wife ; besides that, the constable stated in my hearing that he had learnt, she had en- deavoured to persuade a constable several hours before the time she saw me in Par- ramatta-street, to take another man into custody in Pitt-street. Bench. — Did you wish to give another man, prior to the meeting prisoner, into custody in Pitt-street, Ann Williams ? Ann Williams. — I did not, your Wor- ship. The prisoner was then committed to take his trial, but allowed the usual bail. Queen v. Gill.— Defendant appeared on summons to answer an information filed against him for selling liquor on the Sabbath. The defence set up to rebut the charge sworn positively, to by the constable, was, that on the night laid in the information, a lodger in the house of Mr. Redman, Pitt-street, required a jug of water, and there being none on the premises, the servant, on making the cir- cumstances known to his master, was ordered to go to Mr. Gill's to procure some. Inspector Riley swore that the jug he saw brought out of Gill's that even- ing, contained wine ; but he did not taste it ; and was guided in making oath by the color and scent ; and the man's acknow- ledgement, when he was asked what he had in the jug, when he replied "wine to be sure.'' The servant, on being asked by the Bench how he could reconcile that statement, with what he had sworn, namely, that it was water? To this the man replied, that thinking the enquirer was a gentleman, he told him it was wine, but at the same time it was water. Colonel. — Then when a gentleman asks you a question, you tell a lie ? Servant.— Oh no; only on a Sunday. Colonel. — Then you make the distinc- tion thus — you tell the truth on the week day, and a lie on the Sunday ? Servant. — No, not exactly so, but I told the enquirer it was wine when it was water. (Here we may observe that it was fully understood by ever body, but the Colonel, what the man meant—" he told a white lie," such as is described by the celebrated Mrs. Opie, because he con- sidered the question put by the Inspector was an impertinent one — not knowing that the " gentleman " was a member of the police.) Mr. Redman was then called, who stated that he had sent the servant in the course of the evening for water to Gill's, but after much cross-examination by the first Police Magistrate (not the Ghost), stated that he could not swear it was water his servant brought in, as he did not see it on his return. The F. P. M. having cooled down during the examina- tion of a subsequent witness, made a lame apology, for the manner in which he had conducted his cross-examination to Mr. Redman. Thursday, May 9. — A woman named Gardener, appeared on warrant, charged with deserting her child, a boy, about 4 years old. The woman, it appears, lives with a man, not the father of the boy, who had done his best to frighten the child away. The child stated that it was through fear of the man— the monster — that he ran away. The Bench directed the woman (mother she hardly can be called) to take the child home, and if she again appeared before them for deserting it, she would undoubtedly be committed to take her trial. Thomas Odell, William Green, and Miss Moore, were put to the bar, the former charged with improper conduct towards the latter, who was insensible through the effects of a free use of ardent spirits. The men were bound over to be of good behaviour, and the latter, as an improper character, to three weeks con- finement in gaol. 