THE ATMOSPHERE. A critic, signing himself 4 Observer,' liasthought proper to lavish upon us a torrent of abuse for having endeavoured in a plain and familiar manner to draw the attention of oui readers (we expressly stated the ju venile portion in particular)', to that most important, and interesting subject, 1 lie atmosphere. Seeing that we had entered in some little detail upon its different attributes, having discussed them somewhat fully, under the various different direct heajs of constituency—weight—density —elasticity—temperature and elecuicily, entering besides cursorily upon those collateral, ,it might have been suppos.'d that so lofty a chemist as Observer would assume to be, before heh;-.d so c.irked his nose at our extreme ignoi.nice, wonid at least have shewn in what it consisted somewhat more than, pns-:ing bv the whole of .uir extended discussion of the subject, finding oi Iv one spot upon which to rest his cavilling—the stating by us that the nature of one particular substance was uuknown ; whereas he—eminent person—disdainfully referring lo 4 Davey's Agricultural Chemistry,* throws in our face,that that which was unknown to us, was therein fnllv explained. Alas! for him, mighty critic, herein the single, the only point which he, with* all his haul words as to us, and excessive presumption as to himself, has ventured' to touch, he exposes his own miserable ignorance, even of the very point itself on which lie himielf pretends to write. Let usshew this. Perhaps the best way will be to copy him—to place our passage in which w« asserted that the nature of the power referred to is unknown, with his triumphant refutation of us proving that, it is known. In order to this, we will ropy all he .saysthereon. ' I dull take the liberty of making the following quotation from this lengthy arucle, and then quote authority which «'ill enlighten his under- Maiidmga liuie on ihe subject. He .statps lhat ' it is also known that air which has been respired becomes fatal on re-respiration, in consequence ot its becoming impregnated with something too stimulant for the lungs to endure, ihe natuie of that s-.mtthing unknown.' If this erudite writer had consulted some mo. dern author on chemistry he would have found, that what he calls a something unknown is a sometliii.g which is known, and that it is termed carbonic acid gai;—but I shall give an extract from Sir Humphrey Davy's Lectures ou Agricultural Chemistry ; a work which cannot W n«. well known or attended to. • The {Termination of seeds does not take place with.-it ihe presence of air or oxygen gas, and in the s-^ishine vegetables decompose the carbonic ac«.' 'iis o< the atmosphere, lhe carbon of which is absorbed, and becomes a pan of their organized matter, and the oxygen gas, the other ronsiitueni, is given r.ff, and in consequence of a variety of agencies, the economy of vegetation is made subservient to the general order of the system of iviM.o-e.' And again— 4 animals produce a subsum:;: u aich appears to be a necessary food of vegei ii.l.-f ; vcgf&iblts; evolve a priuc pie neci'ss.i^y •'> 'he cxislcnce of animals; and these cjifiVu u: i.iii-sess of beings seem to be thus connt- cit-d together in the exercise of their living, function-, and lo a ceitiiin extent made to depend upmie.ich other for tiieir existence ' Here is a wonderful philosopher? What possible connection is there between Sir Humphrey Davy Preference lo the well-known fact iliat oxygen is necessary to the germination of seeds—that the economy of vegetation is made subservient to the general order of the system of nature, and thai vegetables and animals SEEM to depend upon each other for tiieir support—what possible connexion, we a-k, is there between these, any, or all of them, and our unpretending assertion that respired air was fatal on rerespiration in consequence of its havng become iraptegnated with something too fetimulant for the lungs to endure! The all-in. formed chemist of the Chronicle, quotes as above, from Sir H. Davy, and throws at ns, triumphantly, his it is 1 termed,' (odd term for a chenrst) ' carbonic acid gus,' proving that it is so 4 termed * by his extract from Sir Humphrey, which proves it quite as clearly as would an extract from the Koran. We pass by his limiting li;s expounding * the unknown something,' to its beiug termed carbonic acid gas ; we state broadly aud 'firmly that it is not so termed. We assert this, and the youngest of Surgeon Bedford's pupils would, at all events, tell him that the reference to Davy, which he gives for proof, has not even the ghost of connexion with the subject. But let us procced a little further with tliis 1 erudite —this grand pretender to informal ion. Thus lie writes. ' Would it not therefore be a more rational way of accounting for the prevailing epidemic by admining the fact, that as vegetation has been at a stand still, both in New Smith Wales and in this colony, lor want of rain, that oxygen gas has not been evolved by vegetables, in a sufficient quantity to promote health. 'Combustion destroys oxygen gas. No fire, not even a candle, can burn without it. The forests in this and the neighbouring colonies it is well known are burned in the hot season of the year; this causes a great consumption of oxygen gas, and strong currents ot a,r fill the atmosphere with minute particles of burning a«hcs, invisible to the naked eye, which being inhaled with unwholesome air into the lungs, through the nostrils, ca'iae an irritation in the mucous membrane of the one, and the delicate lining of the cells of others, w hich cause incipient fever, inflammation, expectoration, and consequently cough. The patients should not be confined in a c'ose room, inhaling the same air over arrd over agiin, and causing Malaria aroui.d them, but should walkout i:i the sunshine into a garden, if they have one, or, if not, they should tulie a walk into the government garden—but 1 forgot, that is now a bed of weeds. However, they should walk out into some place where vegetation is cariied OR, in the middle of the day, but by no means be subject to night air, for during that time, vegetables evolve carbonic acid gas, and consume oxygen, the reverse taking place in sunshine.' What are we to think of this writer presuming to account for a severely afflicting disease, by asserting that vegetation is at a staDd for want of rain, when the fact is public to all, that never was there a season in which vegetation had more flourished, or rain had been, certainty up to the appearance of the disease, more abuidant ? Hut not content with one hypothesis, quite sufficient for any moderately « erudite' philosopher, he starts another direct!v in the teeth of it ; he attributes the disease to the hot ashes of burning forests! which passing through the nostrils into the lungs ' ca tse fever, inflammation, expectoration, and consequently cough.' Was ever such miserable trash as this ventured to be put forth to any commonly well informed people ! Burning forests, indeed, the ashes of which to produce an epidemic of (lie most afflicting nature! Are we in the far west of America, and even there do the burning forests of miles in extent so affect the inhabitants ? Where are these terrible conflagrations either near Sydney or this town > '1 here i-i not a forest to burn within main miles of the former, where the disease first appeared, and the absurdity is too self-evident to the people here to need one word of remark ! How shall we express our admiration of the wonderful discovery, the astounding fact communicated bv th>s second Crichton, (hat < combustion destroys oxygen, without which candles will not burn.' What amazing infoimation ! What a prodigious discovery! Why the least ol Mr. Cowles's boys, wh;n they launched their beautiful Montgolfier on Friday, would have screamed with laughter, had they had before them this Lavosier of the Cornwall Chronicle, who presuming to criticise the humble attempts of others to aid in promoting the pursuit of scientific attainments, himself exhibits ignorance and conceit equally deplorable! Not content with the display we have already shewn, we now come to what he is in medicine. His hurtling ashes having produced fever, inflammation, and consequently cough (a con- 55SS sequence never before'blundered forth by' any apothecary's boy, this being his prognosis, the following is his treatment. •The regimen should be anodyne and antiphlogistic ; wine is bad, ardent spirits are worse; cream of tarUr dissolved in warm water, mixed with brown sugar, ;refined sugar is too astringent) drank when cold, forms a wholesome beverage-' Wouderful! So then in fever and inflammation. the receipt for making that w elknown beverage ' imperial' is given, and we are then gravely told that the patient's lood must be limited to such as will mitigate pain and reduce inflammation!! But he talks of 4 anodyne regimen-' Whoever heard of such a combination of words! Anodyne medicine can be understood, bnt anodyne regimen is at all events new. Our physician has, we suppose, found it in some other recent publication, sco.rniog such mustv old writers as Cullen and the rest. But it is wearisome even to recur to such miserable twaddling. To close therefore. It might be expected of our critic, that after throwing our ignorance at us, he would at least have offered something better of his own. Does lie so ? Not only not one word, but he gives our own—yes, actually our own definition of the constituents of the atmosphere, quoting if from- his fountain head of authority, Sir Humphrey Davey. We will give his "exact words we will tlieo copy our analysis. ' The true s'atistical analysis of the atmosphere, (says Sir Humphry Davy J is compaialively a lecent labour, achieved towards the ?nd of the last century by Schecles, Priestly and Lavoisier. These celebrated m*n shewed that its principal elements are two gases, oxygen and azote, of which the first is essentia, to flame, and to the life of animals, and that it likewise contains small quantities of aqueous vapour, and of caibonic acid gas; ar.d La-oisier proved that this last body in itself a compound elastic fluid, consisting of charcoal dissolve! in oxygen.' Tims the atmosphere is composed according to Sir Humphrey Davey of two gases oxygen and azote. Now for our analysis. ' The air we breathe is composed of two substances oxygen in about one fourth, azote in about three fourths.' Are we not exactly with Sir Humphrey Davey, having indeed gone farther, given the proportions of each constituent respectively ! What then is not the presumption of the writer who with such glaring absurdity ventures to charge us with ignorance ! Only one word more. We put forth our humble production in the hope that it might be useful. If there were any parts of it calculated to mislead—incorrect in any wav, had ' Observer' even in reproof, but with civility, been so good as to have pointed them out,' we should have received his correction with thankfulness, Piid b.iwed with deference to his superior information. Let him if he can, treat the subject better than we have done' when he can shew that he is cupable, it will he quite time enough for him to p!ay the critic. 