PORT PHILLIP. The difficulty of obtaining land here has in most instances pressed unfairly upon the settlers, by excluding them from the chance of put charing ground ; an object which is generally of the greatest importance with newly arrived settlers. It has, however, proved of considerable benefit to the district, inso- much as in the present scarcity it has compelled the settlers to cultivate at their several stations. Thus, the wool growers have also become agriculturists ; this has given them a fresh lien upon the gratitude of all other classes of the community, and is another reason why something should be done by Government to reward their exertions. Mr. Conolly, of Van Diemen's Land, accompanied by some other gentlemen, came over lately from Port Fairy ; they described their journey for the first three days as having been rendered difficult by scrub, but afterwards pleasant and easy. On Saturday last, the 9th instant, in the presence of a highly respectable assembly, the foundation stone of the first Episcopalian Church in Australia Felix was laid by His Honor, Charles Joseph La Trobe, Esq., the Superintendent of the district of Port Phillip. The order of the ceremony was as follows After singing in the usual place of worship the south Psalm, the Rev. J. C. Grylls, the Chaplain, read two Collects, taken from the Communion Ser i vice, and also, as a Lesson suited to the occasion, the first chapter of the Prophecy of Ilaggni. The congregation then proceeded to the adjoining ground, where His Honor read the dedicatory inscription, (a copy of which written on parchment, was enclosed in a bottle and deposed in a cavity of the stone,) tion. | as usual on such occasions, taking a mallet and striking the stone three times, said, " To the glory of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I lay this Stone." A suitable prayer was then read by the chaplain, and the ceremony concluded with the Doxology and Benediction Port Phillip Patriot, November 11. Another vessel with emigrants has arrived direct from Britain. These being in a bounty ship, will not be allowed tents or any government help, therefore they will be compelled to find themselves with situations, or else Italy for their board and lodging. The government come in for lots of vituperation for assisting the last. Puff Circumstantial.- Already this infant Settle, ment of Australia Felix is looked up to for supplies. Four years ago this month, the first flock of sheep, the property of M. Connolly, Esq., were landed from the Norval, and now vessels come here in ballast, to load with fat meat for the use of our elder sister. Nay, we may almost say our parent state-for it was from Van Diemen's Land the founders of this Colony passed over. is not the progress of this state, founded by individual energy and by the indomitable perseverance of the Tasmanian public of Is it not, we say, a sure proof both of the energy of the founders, and also of their discreet judgment ? This colony is now, and has for some time been making the most unexampled progress, aye, and it will continue so to do, until it rises to that name which we have foretold, viz. Until Australia Felix sits among the nations as Empress of the Southern Seas. We every hour feel prouder of our position of Founder of Melbourne and first journalist of Australia Felix. Our first number was issued January 1838. The Slave Trade li. Bill is now before the House of Commons, to empower Her Majesty's vessels to -master- me- again i s i.--?- -- prosecute the same right of search on both sides the line, which they already have on the south, and to proceed to capture all vessels bearing the Portuguese flag, if found engaged in this villainous trade. This measure has been rendered necessary, by the refusal of Portugal to fulfil the treaty she entered into with this country to abolish this trade. It appears that for a consideration they allow the use of their flag to other nations for this detestable purpose. This Act will soon cut the knot which binds the villains together. Mr. Gisborne took the oaths and his seat for the borough of Carlow, in place of Mr. Bruce, who was unsealed by a committee. The honorable member was introduced by Mr. Wilbraham and Mr. Vigors. [This M.P. we learn is the brother of our present Commissioner of Crown Lands. ED. Port Phillip Patriot.] Accounts all concur in stating that Vice-Admiral Sir I?. Stopford, together with a French fleet, were cruising to prevent the Turkish and Egyptian fleets from fighting, and they would no doubt very severely punish the aggressor, if either persisted in fighting. Sir R. Stopford had with him eight large ships, besides frigates and smaller vessels. The Canadian Prisoners It having been found impracticable to put the Canadian prisoners upon their trial in England, in conformity with the suggestion in the judgment of the Court of Exchequer, the Government has notified to them, that upon entering into personal securities not to return to Canada they will he released. The death of Sultan Mahmoud will put an end at the present to all danger of war between Egypt and Turkey, the prospect of which, and the consequences that might follow to the peace of the world have so much agitated the government of Europe for months past. Mahmoud died on the 30th of June, and the accounts from the Mediterranean state, that the Turkish and Egyptian fleets were in port at that date. The deceased Sultan was an extraordinary man for his day and race. In the attempt to regenerate the falling Ottoman Empire, and to civilize the ancient Scythians, he may have somewhat overstrained the natural feelings and capacities of the people, but his motives and intentions were elevating and praiseworthy, and he effected many useful reforms. The reigning Sultan of Turkey is Abdul Medjid, who was born on the 20th of April, 1823. He will be assisted in the government by his brothers-in-law, who greatly distinguished themselves by the enlightened support they afforded Mahmoud. I 