To the Editor of the Port Phillip Patriot. MR. EDITOR,—Being desirous to sub- mit through the medium of your useful journal some observations for the con- sideration of the subscribers of new Bank, may I request the favor of your inserting the following :— I should Sir, in the first place wish to call the attention of the proprietory generally to the most important ques- tion of a Directory, and not intending myself to become a candidate, my suggestions may be considered as the more impartial. I should therefore most respectfully but earnestly submit, that as the efficiency and character of the Directory may be regarded as the main spring of the whole machinery, diffusing life, vigour and utility, and placing the institution on a permanent basis, enabling to withstand any oppo- sition that may be likely to arise ; whereas on the contrary, any defect in this respect would decidedly chill public confidence, and retard the prosperity of this most interesting in- stitution. On these grounds then, it should be the greatest consideration with share- holders as to whom from amongst them should be elected to he Directory. The chief recommendation to this important office are, independence, decision of character, easy circumstances, leisure time, and local knowledge, men re- quiring little accommodation, and im- partial persons. On the contrary the objections are against partizans staight- ened. circumstances, great occupation, men requiring much and frequent, ac- commodation, and those who already engaged as Directors of other institu- tious, which they are too much occu- pied to attend to, PACKED LISTS, and undue influence, and also to be guarded against. As my desire is to avoid personality, I shall abstain from mentioning such names as I think, ought to come forward as candidates and those who intend doing so, the sooner they announces their intention the better, in order to afford the subscribers time to form their respective lists. And with regard to myself, the very limited influence which I possess shall be used in sup- porting such as I deem the most efficient to form a Directory, without fear, favor, or affection, and I trust on the part of the proprietors in general, that by a wise and judicious choice, the Port Phillip Bank will be placed upon a sound, permanent, and useful footing, so as to render the Institution a real benefit to the community at large, as well as profitable to the joint company. Lists of the Shareholders may be seen at my office for the guidance of parties interested, and every informa- tion as to the rise agd progress of the Sydney Banks, which will be found most encouraging, may be obtained. I am Sir, Your obedient servant, ROBERT REEVES, November 9. Amongst our English news, we have omitted to mention, that a British squa- dron is to be sent out to this hemisphere "for the protection of the Australasian Colonies." We have, elswhere, notified that fortifications, on a large scale, are to be forthwith commenced in New South Wales. SWINDLING.—Several persons have left Melbourne, within the last few weeks, in such extreme haste, as to forget to pay their debts. One amongst the number of absentees, like the true Villan, boldly confessed that he came here with very little, but now slapping his trousers pocket, affirmed that he had there 5 or 6 hundred sovereigns, which he had manœvred out of the public of Melbourne, adding to a gen- tleman of the law present—and who dare meddle with them ? This wretch's conduct should cause people generally, and individually to enquire or examine who they repose confidences in. It is this grossly misplaced confidence that has emboldened the scum of society to rise thus swimmingly up, and in justice to all parties, we must add, that credit has been highly useful, add generally well repaid. But now fellow citizens you must arouse yourselves and look well before you trust, we would here ask, are 'Jockeys' and grooms considered the very best paymasters. Something ought to be done by the Colonial Government to prevent the escape of defaulters, particularly such vagabonds as the one described above. We trust our Lieut. Governor will try and arrest this ruinous course. But much depends on the shop-keepers— on yourselves the loss falls—therefore amongst yourselves the means of se- curity should be sought, examine the persons habits requiring trust, restrict them to some certain sum, and do not let vague hopes of great gain tempt you to let any man without visible means run too deep in debt. On Saturday last the 9th instant, in the presence of a highly respectable assembly, the Foundation Stone of the first Eptscopalian Church in Australia Felix, was Iaid by his honor, Charles Joseph La Trobe, Esq., the Superin-. tendant the district of Port Phillip. The order of the ceremony was as fol- lows : After singing in the usual place of worship the 100th Psalm, the Rev. J. C. Grylls, the chaplain, read two Col- lects, taken from the Communion Ser- vice, and also, as a lesson suited to the occasion, the first chapter of the Pro- phecy of Haggal. The congregation then proceeded to the adjoining ground, where His Honor read the dedicatory inscription, (a copy of which, written on parchment, was enclosed in a bottle and deposed in a cavity of the stone,) then, as usual on such occasions, taking a mallet and striking the stone three time, said, "To the glory of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I lay this Stone." A suitable prayer was then read by the chaplain, and the ceremony concluded with the Doxology and Benediction. 