liaisons for subscribing to the XXXIX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland: her Creeds and Confessions of Eaith.- -By A Layman, f Written for The Sydney Standard. Article XXVI. Of the unworth'wess of the Ministers which hinders not the effect of Sacrament, ij-c. 1 shall dispose of this article very briefly; it as serts that the private character of lite priest does not nullify, or in the least interfere with the thing administered, fhe cymbols used in the adminis tration of the Lord's Supper, or the water used in the administration of the Sacrament of Baptism, undergo no change from their being handled by an ungodly priest. The prayers, exhortations, and monitions used in the celebration of these Sacraments do not become heterodox because re pealed by unsanctified lips, that is, as tliey affect tl.ie parlies partaking of those sacraments. The fact of the devil's acknowledging that Jesus Christ was the Son of Cod did not alter the nature, character, or properly, of that stupendous truth. The minister of the Anglican Church in the performance of his ministerial duties is but a mouthpiece of the Church. He cannot lawfully omit or alter, amend or add to, 'any portion of the formularies of the Church. As respects his sermons or lectures, he has a certain latitude, but even hero, a wholesome check is provided by canon law. His ordinary may call upon him for a written copy of .Iris sermon or lecture, and if nny thing heretical be found therein, the minister must recant Iris error; or, if he refuse, lie sub jects himself to deprivation. But the Anglican Church dues riot hold it binding on the consciences of its members lo receive any thing ns of au thority, unless it may be proved by most certain warrant from holy writ. It is the duty of every Christian' to examine for himself whether the sermon delivered by the priest squares with the letter and the spirit of ' . revelation. lie should take nothing of an unin spired nature upon the credit of any man. It is Iris duty to " Search the Scriptural," " to prove all things, and to hold J'ast that which is good." The use of extemporary prayers is forbidden in the public service of Cod ; and wisely so, be cause it prevents unbecoming familiarity, 'and very often blasphemy and nonsense — a specimen of whicli I give upon the authority of -tiie late I.ord Bishop of M entire, Doctor 0'Byrne,'"A very pious, hut a very ignorant local preacher of the' YVesleynn body, nt a prayer meeting, among other supplications, prayed the Holy Spirit for an i ncreask of the o ift of CONCUFISENCE; the poor man did not know the meaning of the word, of course, hut Cod is not to be insulted liy our ignorance." In private worship the Church does not presume to dictate, but leaves man to worship Cod in the language he deems most suitable. I am aware that this article has been differently interpreted, and that it has been pro duced in evidence to show that the - Anglican -Church cares tittle for the private character of its ministry : however, the Church needs no defence upon this point, aud I shall not enter into any on its behalf. Article XXVII. — Baptism. Baptism is not only a sign of profession, and mark of difference, whereby Christian men are discerned from others that be not Christians, but it is also a sign of regeneration, or new birth, whereby, as by an instrument, t«ey that receive Baptism rightly are grafted into the Church ; the promises of forgiveness of sin, and of our adoption to be the sous of God by the Holy Ghost, are visibly signed mid sealed ; Faith is confirmed, and Grace increased by virtue of prayer unto Cod. The buptism of young ichildren is in any wise to be retained in the 'Church, as most agreeable with the institution of Christ. As it is my anxious desire rather to remove false impressions llian to argue for a wordy victory — as I wish to convince Nonconformists that the Church, of which I am a member, does not hold 'the Popish heresy concerning baptism, I shall- -enilearour to show what I believe the principles of the Anglican Catholic Church to be upon this important subject. If I am wrong in my inter- , proration of the Church's meaning, I shall not submit my conscience to the 'dictum of the Church, unless the Church can convict me of error by clear and satisfactory proof derived im mediately from Scripture. The Church of. England Catechism teaches that " a sacrament is an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace." That there are two parts in a sacrament, " the outward, and visible sign, and the inward and spiritual, grace consequently tltpy are not (to use. the wprds of the Article) rightly baptised, who hjive no' a certain warrant lor believing that thoy are under the invisible influence of constraining and restrain ing grace. And here the question arises, of how far nn infant of tender years may he presumed to -he governed by supernatural or Divine influence? It may be fairly maintained that circumcision, as practised under the law, was intended, like all 'the other legal ceremonies, as a type of the baptism practised iu Christian Churches. It was an inaugural rite, specially commanded by God — it' was the outward seal of aff mission into the true Church of God — ami tho party so admitted became a sharer in the covenanted promises of God, and subjected, on the other hand, to the punishments threatened to be inflicted on the unfaithful members of the Church. The infant Israelite was outwardly dedicated to lite service of God by his parents — a solemn compact, as it were, was entered into between the creature and the Creator. 'The faith of' the parent in the pro-, raises of God, and his obedience to Cod's law, were specially manifested in thus dedicating tire infant offspring. If the institution of the rite of circumcision lmd been merely with a view to distinguish the Israelites from the Gentiles, or as a living ceremony whereby tho children of tire, covenant were to be compelled to give an outward proof of their adherence to' the law, irrespective oif all oilier considerations, I should then say, the argument in favour of infant baptism would gain no Strength or force from an appeal to infant circumcision as practised under the legal dispen- . ealion; ,but whether we refer to the first or second dispensation,. I think it is quite obvious that every promised blessing involves a conditional principle. Great, were the mercies vouchsafed to the faithful under, the Uw, and life primary condition under the law was that of circumcision. Under the second or present dispensation, which as distinguished from the former by being called the dispensation of grace, hecatise the ceremonial law, having received its fulfilment in tire person of Jesus Christ, has become obsolete, or to use the emphatic language of scripture, Christ " blot ting out' the hand writing of ordinances that was against us. which teas contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross," Colossians ii. 14. But though the Christian is not bound to the observances of the ceremonial Law, he is in no wise released from the conditions of a dependent state. The fullness of time having arrived, a fuller and a clearer light has been thrown upon the requirements of God. The Christian is bound by higher obligations than tire Israelite had been ; I say higher because the blessings and privileges to which the faithful Christian aspires are clear and manifest, no longer being veiled in types and shadows. Baptism we find to be co-equal with Christianity. St. Jolin,surnamcd the Baptist, preached repentance towards Cod and conformity with his will, and being divinely inspired, adopted water as the purest natural element, to indicate the nature of that being whose pyes are too pure to behold iniquity. The followers of John were baptized with water unto repentnnce. Our blessed Lord, that all might be fulfilled which was written, submitted to the rite as administered by John; afterwards Ire condescended to explain the real nature and object of baptism, and when he sent the first messengers of grace to preach the gos pel' of salvation, he distinctly charged them to preach the gospel to all nations, baptizing them in tire name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tlte Holy Ghost. Is it fair, is it rational, to sup pose that children of tender years were excluded in this command ? I cannot conceive any thing of the kind; little children were brought unto .Testis, and he received "them and blessed litem. I cannot find a single passage in the New Testa ment which would induce me to believe that infants were excepted. I, therefore, firmly be lieve that the Ahglican Catholic Church is strictly obeying the intentions of God in recefving, by baptism, infants into the outward or visible Church of Christ. I do no; presume to say how, or to what extent, lire influence of the Holy Ghost may operate upon the infant mind, nor is such a knowledge necessary ; but I am bound to believe that the Almighty Cod never instituted or commanded any rite or ceremony to which Ire did not attach a necessary consequence ; nor can I believe that it is a matter purely optional with his creatures whether they obey or disobey his mandates. I feel persuaded that while a blessing attends the faithful observance of his commands that a commensurate punishment awaits those who neglect or disobey those commands. As the death of Jesus paid the debt owed by the family of man to the offended Creator of man, and placed man in a position to sue for mercy, so do 1 believe that baptism places the baptized in a position to seek and to obtain the greater privileges which Christ hath purchnsed at so high a price for Iris Church ; but I am far, very far from maintaining that infant baptism, or adult baptism either, abstractedly constitutes that tho rough regeneration which is essential to salvation; but I do believe that an infant having been baptized and dying ere it has readied the age to discriminate between right and wrong, is in the world of spirits in a higher degree of glory than one dying unbaptized. As respects adults, I conceive that if they die unrenewed by the Spirit of God,, with their natural hearts unchanged, and, therefore, unsanctified, that the fact of their having been baptized will increase their punish ment in the world of sorrow. 