Supreme Court. THURSDAY, JULY 4, 1839. (Befo» Mr. Justice Stephen and a Special Jury.) Doe dem Johnstone t>. Simpson.--This was an . aelion of ejectment. The plaintiff was a Miss Julia Johnstone, and the nominal defendant the occupier of a house in George-street, the property in question, the actual defendant being Mr. John Terry Hughes.-Verdict for the plaintiff. The consideration of tbis case ocoopied the Court lbs whole of the day. FRIDAY, JULY 5. (Before Mr. Justice Stephen and a Special Jury.) Porter ti. Jones.-Tbis was an ae'ion of assuinp sit brought by the plaintiff, a merchant of Sydney, against the defendant) the President of the -tustralian Marine Assurance Company, to recover the amount of a policy of insurance effected on the brig Alice, t It appeared from the evidence in tua case that in the month of June in the last year that an assurance for the sum of £2000 was effected by the plaintiff | on.the brig Alice on her voyage from the Mauritius to this place by the way of the Cape of Good Hop». The brig sailed from the Mauritius in March, and ¡ arrived at the Cape of Good Hope in April. I While lyiug at the latter place, she parted from her anchors in a gale of wind, and was afterwards supplied with another by which she was secured i until the termination of tho gale. In a few days, ( however, she experienced another gale, in the course of which' sho received such damage that it ] was found necessary, on n survey held on the | vessel, to have her c.irgo taken out of her to stay ¡ the leaks. Tho cxpences of tbis undertaking amounted to the sum of £ 1 1)44 11s. 9d., the amount sought to be recovered ot the Assurance Company. : For the defence it was contended that nt the time the Alice left the Mauritius, and when the insurance was effected, the vessel was not seaworthy, and that consequently the policy was not binding on tbo Company. The loss of the anchor and cable they held themselves accountable for, and accordingly bad paid toe amount of that loss into Court. Much evidence was taken in Court, as well as of wit- nesses di bene esse, of the bad state of the brig ; from the appearance of her timbers after her arrival bere, it was supposed that they must have been decayed era the vessel arrived at the CBpe. In reply to the defence 'set up of the unseaworthy state of the vessel, the plaintiff called evidence to show that a large turn bad been expended in repairs, on which occasion not an uaaound plank was discernable in the brig, and that she had only made one or two unimportant voyages before aha experienced ihr t damage sought to be recovered for io the present I suit. In summing up Hi« Honor put it to the jury J to consider whether the damage was incurred by the perils of the se« against which the insurance wos effected. If they were of opinion that the in- jury was owing to the decayed state of the timbar and not of the sea, the defendant would not be | liable, while if they were of opiuion tbut the brig was sound at the commencement of the voyage and her timbera became rotten by w orras after- wards, tho injury in that manner being occasioned hy the sea, iho perils of tl.e sea bsin; ths injin« dint* «sine and the warm» the rumula eausr, stilt the dëfendnut.would bo liuble. Tho jury, niter « few minute« consideration, returned the verdict | that they were of opinion that the vessel wits not seaworthy fit the commencement of ber voyage ¿ii they then, returned a verdict for the plaintiff, ds m«ges ,¿43 17s. 4d., the difference between tha sum paid into Court and the amount of premium I paid on the policy. SATURDAY, JULY 6. (Before Mr. Justice Stephen and a Special Jury.) Meredith v. Wyatt.-This was an action brought by the plaintiff, a licensed publican, and late a member of the Victoria Company, against Mr. Joseph Wyatt, the proprietor of the Victoria Thea- tre, to recover damages for a breach of agreement. It appeared from the evidence that in the month of July, 1838, an agreement was entered into between the parties in the present action, by which it was agreed that the plaintiff should be employed as manager and actor of the Victoria Theatre, under the control of the defendant, for twelve months at a salary of six pounds a week so long as the theatre remained open, and two benefits, for each of which the defendant guaranteed the plaintiff the sum of one hundred pounds. The agreement was entered into at Hobart Town, from which place it seems the plaintiff arrived about three days after the stipulated time. On his arrival in Sydney the defendant neglected or declined to fulfil his part of the agreement by appointing him to the situation of manager, which was at the time filled by Mr. Lazar. In explanation of this proceeding the de- fendant urged that several of the company had declined to act under the management of Meredith. The plaintiff, notwithstanding the non-performance of the agreement, performed on several occasions, his parts being cast for him by Mr. Lazar, until, on the announcement of a piece called "Bound Prentice to a Waterman," he was cast for the character of Hintz Jacob which part the plaintiff refused to sustain, and he accordingly returned the manuscript of the character to Lazar in a nor stating his refusal. He subsequently, by the di- rection of his attorney, wrote to Mr. Wyatt stating his reasons for refusing to play the part assigned him, and offering to perform his part of the agree- ment which had been entered into, as manager and actor. The next day, in company with a witness, he waited upon Mr. Wyatt to ascertain his deter- mination, when he was told by the defendant that as he had refused to play a part assigned him he should discharge him, which he accordingly did in a letter he wrote to him. The plaintiff admitted having received an advance of £100, which he deducted from his claim, making it £413, includ- ing £300 for the benefits guranteed, and the yearly salary at £6 a week. Mr. Joseph Simmons, the comedian, was called to prove the nature of the duties of a theatrical manager. The examination of this witness caused much merriment. He stated that there were sometimes two managers of a theatrical company, one called the acting manager, and the other the stage manager. The duties of the acting manager he defined to be to watch the interests of the proprietor, and to exercise a con- trol over the finances of the theatre, while the duties of the stage manager, as viewed in this colony, consisted in selecting the pieces for repre- sentation, casting the characters and performing the functions of prompter and part of those of the property man. In the Victoria company, however, the situation of acting manager he said was a sinecure, the proprietor performing the duties and looking after his own interests. The witness stated that he had been connected with theatricals since he was of the age of twelve years ; he had been connected with a company of theatricals at Lynn, in Norfolk; had performed at the West London Theatre, and at the Theatre in Catherine- street. The plaintiff's line of characters he defined to be low comedy and eccentric comedy ; the line of characters such as Captain Copp and Paul Pry. The part of Hintz Jacob he considered would be detrimental to his reputation. He added that the plaintiff had sustained the parts of Morblieu, in " Monsieur Tonson," Farmer Ashfield and Dr. Panglass ; he was not accounted a good study, but gagged a good deal. He bad known him perform the parts of the Ghost and Grave Digger in " Ham- let," but he thought the part of Romeo would be about as far from Meredith's line as the Starvii Apothecary from his person. He said that he should consider a manager, engaged under the control of the proprietor, would not be justified in refusing any character assigned by him. Mr. Wendell, a licensed publican, was called, and proved that the agreement had been recognized by the defendant, who had advanced him the sum of £100. For the defence it was contended that the plaintiff, by receiving characters from Mr. Lazar, had virtually resigned his claim to the manage- ment. To prove that he had so recognised Mr. Lazar, that gentleman was called to give evidence He stated that Meredith had received several parts from him. In explanation of the reason of casting him for the character of Hints Jacob, be said that the peice was a heavy one, and that the plaintiff and Lee were the only persons who could perform German parts ; two such parts occurred in the piece, one, which was the longest and best, was assigned to Lee, who, he reckoned, was a better study than the plaintiff; Hintz Jacob's dialogue consisted of twenty-seven words. The plaintiff's counsel enquired of the witness whether the part could not have been allotted to a supernumerary! whether this could not be done by one ? Elia screams - Hintz rushes forward, seizes her, and carries her off, accompanied by music." The wit- ness replied that the success of a melo-drama de- pended more on the acting than on the dialogue of a performer, and that consequently, all the rest of the company being cast, there remained no remedy but to assign this part to the plaintiff. Mr. Lazar added, that he should consider that a person en- gaged as manager under the control of the proprietor, would have no right to refuse any part assigned to him by the proprietor, but be further observed, that he as manager so engaged, and with the know- ledge that another person had been appointed in his place, should think himself justified in refusing a part assigned to him by that person. In summing up the Judge put it to the Jury to consider whe- ther they thought the plaintiff had relinquished his rights. The Jury returned a verdict for the plain- tiff for £382, the full amount of his claim, deduct- ing £30 for five weeks the theatre was closed during the prevalence of the influenza. 