[?] Jieasons for subscribing to the XXXIX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland; her Creeds and Confessions of J'aith. — By A Layman. Written for Tnt .Sydney Standard. Continued. Article XXII. Homanists argue that the following passage which occurs in the third chapter of Paul's first Epistle to the Corinthians, 13th and two follow- 'int: verses, where it is written — "Everu man's work shall be made manifest ; for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire ; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. If any man's work abide whick he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer . loss, but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire." By what process of fair straight forward rea- .'soning, the lire here spoken of, is to be under stood to mean purgatorial fire, as understood by .Romanists, I confess I am incapable of con- conceiving — St. Paul speaks of" work," whether performed by the just or the unjust; but Purga- . tory is not to. try those who are reserved for tlje day? of judgment, those who go to Purgatory are triell and purified before hand, and after this pu rifying process has been endured, the gates of .heaven are opened, and the purified sinner enters into a stale of eternal happiness — but I presume .that the burning spoken of by St. Paul, is not to take place until the last day, which "shall be re pealed by fire." Whereas the Purgatorial fire terminates with the last day. The whole passage is evidently figurative. " He shall be saved so as by fire," that is with great difficulty, a common metaphor in scripture, " save them with fear pul ling them out of the fire," says St. Ju'de, " Ye were us brands plucked from the burning," is the expression of the prophets. Now, were Ro manists to observe the monitions of St. Paul in this entire passage — they "holding the one foun dation" never " would, have, builded thereupon," .such an heterogeneous jumble or mass of hay and stubble. That some of the ancient fathers believed in an intermediate state, I am aware, but not such as St. Cyprian. He says it is one .thing to be waiting for pardon, another to attain to glory ; one thing to be sent to prison not to go from thence till the last farthing be paid, another, to receive immediately the reward of faith and virtue \- — one thing to suffer lengthened torments for sin, and to be chastised and purified a long time in that fire ; another to have cleansed away all sin -... . by suffering, viz., by marlyrdom but I most distinctly deny that the passage above quoted, or ,any oilier passage that . I have met with in St. Cypriftn, lias any reference to Roman Purgatory. St. Cyprian believed that martyrs for the, cause of Christ entered immediately into glory, and so with all other truly pious believers, and not into purgatorial tlames. He says, " Upouonr removal hence there will be no place for repentance ; no , possibility of compensating sins by penetential satisfactions." And, again, he says, " Tile righteous are carried off to a place of refreshment, whilst the wicked are hurried to their proper .punishment." How any man, after reading the . writings of this primitive Christian,' will dare . even insinuate that he held the more recent doc trine of Romish Purgatory, I confess is a matter . of astonishment. But to quote the authority of . the Fathers of the Primitive Church is qnile un necessary, their works are only read by a few, . but the Bible is within the reach and compass of all, and I am content to appeal to it and it only as an evidence against the anti-christian doctrine of Purgatory.. If ihe_ doctrine of Purgatouy be correct the doctrine of"llie Gospel is a lie.. The next subject or doctrine denied by litis Article is that of pardon, as granted by the Roman Church. The Roman Church maintains the right to dis pense, upon the following grounds— the text must be familiar to every oueacquainted with Scripture : "Whosesoever sins ye remit tliey are remitted, and whosesoever sins ye retain, they are retained," John xx. 23 ; and in Mat. xviii. 18, it is written, " Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." The Church of Rome argues that she has received by inheri tance precisely ihe.same powers which were com mitted to the hands of the inspired apostles by our Saviour. Iftlicirs be a true imerprelatioh of . these passages their argument is perfectly correct, but to make it consistent, the Church of Rome is hound to prove that the past, and the ex isting Bishops of her communion do also retain the supernatural powers which were conferred upon the inspired Apostles, they must give as did the apostles some visible proof of their mira culous powers, or power to work that which is miraculous. When the Church of Rome can come forward in the broad noon day light and prove by distinct acts, that she can work or per form a miracle, then will she prove that in her is vested those powers which constituted the evi dence of the Divinn Commission with which the inspired apostles were for obvious reasons intrusted. Romanists may reply to this that the Anglican Catholic, retains in her formulary for ordering Priests these very exact words, and that the Protestant Ristinn in ronfprrini- Priests' Orders, says in the first person plural, Receive' the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Priest in the Churvh of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands, whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgivin, and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained. At a first glance of this passage iti our Ordination Service, there is something startling, but with the text we must include the context, that which is plainly signified, defined, and understood by Anglican Catholic in respect to the power or authority with which the Priest is hereby invested is this, and simply tliitl, viz : — That if a penitent gives a reasonable evidence of his sorrow for sin, and an earnest desire to live strictly in accordance with the known and acknowledged requirements of God, the Priest, as the commissioned servant of God, is warranted by the word of God to say, " Thy sins are forgiven thee," but this is purely conditional. If the repentance be false or in sincere, the forgiveness of the Priest does not apply. The forgiveness of the Priest is contin gent upon the sincerity of the penitent, of which God and the penitent s own conscience alone are cognizant. The retaining power likewise, if a man gives no evidence of contrition the Priest says he is still in his sins, and cannot in that state be other than in a state 0/ condem nation, and if lie depart this life in that state he enters into eternity in a state of hopeless condemnation, the priest, in declaring this, does but repeat what Scripture asserts. The ministers ...of the Anglican Church do no thing, as of their own power or authority they declare the word of God, and no more. And what is more, they do not go beyond the word of God, by assuming an authority to dispense with, or substitute one thing for another ; they neither add to, nor subtract from, that which is written. The next point in this article is a denunciation of adoration and worship of saints, images, and reliques. The Anglican Church declares, that no created being or thing, whether in heaven or on earth, can receive adoration or worship without the party so acting being guilty of the blasphemous sin of idolatry. Thou shall worship none other God than me, &c.; God foreseeing that image and saint worship, and adoration, would enter into the perverse hearts of men, has in this com mandment enumerated even the very objects likely to receive such homage; it is so compre hensively constructed that it leaves uo room for argument. The Roman doctrine of saintly intercession, supposes that spirits departed possess more than one of the attributes of deity. It invests them with omnipresence, and teaches those who be lieve in the propriety of appealing to saints to intercede with them, that the spirits of the just made perfect are cognizant of the things of lime. Scripture gives no warrant for this pre sumption, and even if it did, still there is an other difficulty to be surmounted. There is but one mediator between God and man, and that mediator is Christ the Lord ; by imploring the intercession of saints with Christ, that Christ may intercede for us with God, what do we make of Christ himselt? Christians believe that Christ is God ; but the Romish theory belies litis belief. Christ says to the repentant sinner, " Come unto me, lay your burthens upon me, and I will give you rest-;" but we are nowhere told to approach Christ through any intermediate channel. The Roman Church is guilty of creating me diators, for whom there is no warrant. And to suppose that Christ the Lord should' be influ enced by the interference of redeemed and sanc tified creatures of his own creation, does at least argue an infirmity inconsistent with the character and attributes of Deity. The letter and spirit of holy writ is conclusively against the doctrine of intermediate intercession. As to the worship of images and reliques — its absurdity is not more glaring than its blasphemy. 