BIBLE SOCIETY—CORNWALL AUXILIARY. NORFOLK PLAINS.—The Annual Meeting of the Norfolk Plains Branch of this Association was held on Wednesday, the 20th ultimo, in the Wesleyan Chapel, Longford; the Rev. R. R. DAVIES, in the chair. The attendance at the Meeting was good, and the proceedings highly interesting. The chairman opened by a short address, and the report was read by Dr. Paton, the Secretary. A deputation from the Committee of the Launceston Auxiliary, and several other gentlemen from the town attended on the occasion. The resolutions were moved and seconded by the Revds. John Anderson, Charles Price, E. Freeman, W. Simpson, Messrs. W. Archer, G. P. Ball, P. Oakden, Henry Jennings, and H. Dowling. • The report of this Branch Association was a highly pleasing one, and we are glad to hear that it will be printed and circulated with the report of the Launceston Auxiliary. LAUNCESTON,—The Anniversary Meeting of the Cornwall Auxiliary, was held on Tuesday, the 25th ultimo, in the Infant School-room; the President of the Society, the Rev. Dr. Browne, in the chair. The meeting was most respectably attended— and more numerously than on any former occasion and it was evident a deep interest was felt by all in the proceedings of the Auxiliary and of the Parent Society, as even by the time the chair was taken, the building was well filled. The reverend president opened the business of the meeting by an appropriate address. The Rev. John Anderson, (Presbyterian,) one of the Secretaries, read the Report of the Committee mittee ; from which it appeared that the amount of subscriptions and donations received during the year, amounted to £60 8s 9d.; the proceeds of Bibles and Testaments, £58 13s. 1 Id.; subscriptions from Norfolk Plains and other branch associations, £100.:—That the Auxiliary had distributed during the year, by sale— 83 bibles and 116 testaments; by gift -25 bibles and 52 testamems; and that 58 bibles and 128 testaments had been sent to the depot at Norfolk Plains—being a total of 462 bibles and testaments issued during the year. And that 2,080 copies of the Scriptures, amounting to £458, had been lately received at the depot of the Auxiliary from the Parent Society. G. P. Hall, Esq. proposed the first resolution— " That the Report now read, be received; and be printed and circulated under the direction of the Committee." In proposing this, resolution (said Mr. Ball), I feel assured that all present will cordially unite in its support. The facts contained in the report are of a most gratifying character. One of those facts is indeed painfully interesting. I refer to the persecution at Madagascar; in which one devoted servant of God, a female, was called to suffer for the truth's sake. In her case was seen, how the mind can be supported and comforted in persecution, and even in the hour of death, by the truths of Scripture. Convinced of the nature of divine truth, "Onward" should be the watchword of the society. Yes, this motto should never be given up, until every kindred, tongue, find people, possessed the word of God in their own language, and the earth is filled with the knowledge of the glory of God. This meeting is called upon to use its endeavours to extend the knowledge of the word of God; not only by pecuniary contributions, but by its fervent prayers, for those who have received the Bible, that it may be blessed to their souls. I would here wish to mention a fact which I think will be interesting to all; —A friend of mine, who has written to me lately, informs me that he had been travelling in Syria, and there met a Mr. Groves, a devoted and pious Missionary; who had mentioned a pleasing fact referring to the circulation of the scriptures. Many of the Jewish religion, learned Rabbis, have made a public profession of their belief in Christ, as the true Messiah, when they have been upon their death bed. And what makes this the more extraordinary is, that these very individuals, when in perfect health, signed a public document to the effect, that if they should confess Christ in the hour of death, they were not to be believed. Their knowledge of Christ they learned from the scriptures, circulated in that land. Let us then still exert our influence to distribute the sacred volume amongst the Jews and amongst the Heathen nations. Many are still in spiritual darkness, and they must have the sacred volume. I would now advert to a circumstance, which, although it is not immediately connected with the circulations of the Scriptures, I cannot help referring to. As I was passing by the race course, on my way to the meeting, my heart was pained by the consideration of the pursuits in which many would be engaged on that spot. I thought, will any who will be at the meeting tonight, join in the revels which are about to take place there? I trust that all present here, as readers of the scriptures, may be taught to avoid even the appearance of evil. I have much pleasure in moving that the rdeport be adopted. The Rev. W. Simpson, (Wesleyan,) seconded the resolution, and said,—I feel great pleasure in being called upon to second this resolution, in consequence of the strain of piety which runs through the report. I was struck and gratified at its recognition of the Divine Spirit and spiritual agency to give effect to the sacred scriptures. I was gratified that prayer was offered for the Holy Spirit of God to give efficiency to the word of life. The principle acknowledged is, that "it is not by might nor by power" but by the Spirit of the Lord. All who attend this meeting in a spirit of devotion, will look up to the Holy Spirit with enthusiastic ardor, that he may bless the word of God and render it useful to all who receive it. This should engage the attention of this meeting, whilst we adopt the word "Onward," as used by the respected mover of this resolution, as our motto. The progress of the sociely has been in accordance with that motto. In raising funds—in circulating the scriptures—in the augmentation of societies in various parts of the world—its progress astonishes every considerate mind. The Bible is the only book which contains a revelation of the way of salvation. It is by means of the Bible, that the Divine character of God is made known. It is true that men cannot comprehend the Divine Being,—God himself does not give us perfect views of his own character. The Heavens declare the glory of God; and in His providence he constantly gives us fresh views of his character; but in the Bible, we have the clearest view of his mercy and love. As a God of power, wisdom, and goodness, neither of these aspects of his character would meet our case; but a God of mercy meets our wants and circumstances. And it is in this view in which he is prominently presented to us in the Scriptures. Moreover, we derive from the Scriptures a fuller detail of human depravity than from any other source. Hence we learn the origin of evil; of which we can obtain no satisfactory account any where else; this volume shews the origin of moral evil and natural evil,—the source of all the afflictions and miseries, all the train of woes, which flesh is heir too. It also sets forth Christ as the Saviour. " God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him might not perish but have everlasting life." Then, in regard to the future—that state of existence upon which we must enter—the Scriptures contain a clear revelation; and whilst many men of the most profound wisdom and acute intellect, know no more respecting eternity when they approach it, than to think that they are "taking a leap in the dark," the Bible gives man clear views of the future, and shews him the mysteries of the spiritual and unseen world—the eternal happiness or woe which awaits him. It shews the state of the righteous and the wicked—"These shall go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous into life eternal" 'These are truths of the Scriptures, although there are many minds which wish they were otherwise; and because of the mysteries of the sacred volume reject its testimony. We confess there are mysteries in the Bible. And are there not mysteries in all other works of the divine hand ? Who understands the works of nature who can understand the nature of the volition of his own will; and how the body is brought to obey the mind. The operations of divine providence, in certain circumstances, are deeply mysterious: we cannot trace the divine hand as it controls these circumstances; yet God is by them accomplishing the unchanging purpose of his own mind. Yes, there are mysteries connected with providence; and can we be astonished that mysteries should be connected with the revelation of God? How can these mysteries be adduced to shew that revelation is not divine; rather, are they not a proof that the same eternal mind that controls nature and providence, also gave us revelation ? These mysteries are no objection to revelation; and it is our duty to put this book into the hands of every human being on the earth It was a grand, a noble design, that God put into the hearts of his servants to form such a society as this. Up to the present time it has been hastening the universal empire of Christ: and this meeting is now called upon to pray to God that the whole earth maybe filled with the knowledge of God. Keeping this object in view, you may have an assurance that heavenly influences will rest upon the circulation of the sacred volume, to make it, wherever it is sent, the power of God unto salvation This resolution having been carried, the second resolution was proposed by H. Jennings, Esq " That this meeting do fervently direct its pravere to the mercy-seat, that God the Holy Ghost woild vouchsafe his gracious influence to aid the efforts of the Society in circulating the word of God in the common language of all nations. In proposing the resolution, Mr. Jennings said that he felt assured the meeting had been fully prepared for such a resolution being submitted for their adoption; by what had been already so powerfully and eloquently ad dressed to it. It was true that, on these occasions of the Anniversaries of the Bible Society, public prayer was not made; it had been deemed advisable to adopt this plan, at the meetings of the Society—peculiarly consti tuted as it was, but the meeting, by adopting the resolution, would publicly shew that the importance and efficacy of prayer was recognised and acknowledged; whilst it was for each individual to carry the sentiment of the resolution into private, and there bow before the mercy-seat, and ask God the Holy Spirit to aid the progress of the Society in circulating the word of God. In the reading of the Report much had been heard to cheer the friends of the Auxiliary in the further prosecution of their work. It had been heard that the knowledge of God's word is covering the earth—that the Scriptures had been circulated in many languages: but it had also been heard that there are many yet into which it maybe translated; that there is much yet to be done. And at the same time,' the meeting had been told that union of effort was wanting—and the Report stated that "as yet it would seem, the public mind is not sufficiently impressed with the general importance" of the Society's object. To this the meeting had need look. Let us not (said Mr. J.) merely assent to this at this present, and go from this room and take no more heed to it; but let earnest and humble prayer be constantly offered, added to an increase of zeal and activity in the great cause in which we are engaged. The Rev. Mr. West, (Independent,) in seconding the resolution, said, — It affords me great pleasure to address you on such an occasion. The Bible Society always appears to me common ground on which Protestant Christians may meet for the promotion of the Divine glory; for the Bible, and the Bible alone, is the religion of Protestants. They draw their principles and motives for every movement from the divine influence, connected with the sacred Scriptures. Hence, as when Wickliffe was raised up, God put into his heart to give the people the Scriptures in their mother tongue; so, when God will work for the overthrow of superstition in the nations, he causes a diffusion of that book which, under the influence of the Holy Spirit, is mighty to pull down the strong holds of Satan. It is a pleasing consideration, that copies of the word of God can now be so rapidly multiplied. At this time, at the Cambridge press, a Bible can be printed every minute. There was a time when you must have given fifty pounds for the Bible, which you may now buy for fifty pence; there was a time when the sacred book could only be read in one language; now it proclaims in various tongues the wonderful works of God. The propagation oi the sentiments of the Bible does not reach as far as the Church desires; and even now excites the enmity and opposition of its enemies, yet the prediction of the pious Madagascar martyr will yet be realized; and the interest excited by persecution will not cease, until the Bible is universally possessed. The instruments employed contemplate this result, because it is in accordance with the predictions of the internal. We ought indeed to pray for tbe blessing of God to rest upon our efforts; and at the same time be careful of the motives from which we act. God judges man by his motives; every good man is impressed with this, that while he is devotedly pursuing the extension of the truth, God's blessing can alone render it effectual to purposes of grace. We are called to live in times when the purposes of God are accomplished by the distribution of his word. Who would have thought, at the time of the Bible Society was founded, at the suggestion of a devoted minister who first contemplated supplying Wales with Bibles,—and whose suggestion was met by the cry of another pious minister, who said, " why not for the supply of the world ?" that this Society would have arisen to Its present strength and influence? Not a generation has passed since this pious work was first suggested, and here we meet, in a far distant land—in a land that, when the work was first contemplated, had rarely been trodden by any foot but the foot of the savage—and both the ends of the earth are united in the promotion of the objects of the Bible Society. The Rev R. R. Davies, (Episcopalian,) moved the third resolution— " That this meeting do gratefully acknowledge the willingness and promptitude with which the British and Foreign Bible Society have responded to the request of this Society, by contributing a large supply of Bibles and Testaments to meet the wants of this town and neighbourhood." Ihe Rev. Gentleman gave an interesting account of tbe progress of the branch association of the Auxiliary, and read the report presented by the committee of the association, held at Norfolk Plains, on the 20th ultimo. The rev. speaker then alluded to the amount of money collected by these branch associations, so far exceeding the amount raised in the town and neighbourhood of Launceston; and expressed his hope that this circumstance would not again occur—but that in a future report the reverse should be found the case. He was certain the people of Launceston could not have been asked for their contributions—he knew the community well—and he felt assured the majority were too liberal to refuse, had their aid been solicited. With all this, however, it was indeed gratifying to observe that the amount contributed from Van Diemen's Land to the British and Foreign Bible Society, during the year ending May, 1838, according to the report'of the.Parent Society, exceeded, by a considerable sum, the amount subscribed by any other dependency of the British Crown— a most direct refutation, he thought, of the calumnies which had been of late so lavishly heaped upon the free inhabitants of ihe colony—and " confirmation strong" of the moral and religious character of tbe community. The Rev. J. Freeman, (Episcopalian,) seconded the resolution. The Rev. C. Price, (Independent,) moved the fourth resolution— " That this meeting do fervently hope that the claims of this Society may be universally felt, and a corresponding zeal for its extension be found manifestly directed to the great end of the divine glory in the salvation of men by its instrumentality." Mr. Chairman—Ladies and Gentlemen—In rising to move this resolution I must confess myself somewhat perplexed by the kind references which have been been made to sentiments I delivered at Norfolk Plains, and might satisfy myself with merely reading the motion, if it were not one calculated to awaken a feeling of zeal and devotedness in the good cause we have met to pro mote. It refers to the desirableness of the claims of the society becoming universal: and I can truly say it affords me pleasure to bear testimony to the increasing attention the society has received in this town. I remember, Sir, and I have no doubt you recollect the circumstance which was mentioned at the Bible meeting, held in the National School-house in this town, in the year 1832, that only one new Testament has been disposed of in the year 1831, and when it was enquired if there were any more left scarcely any one could give an answer; but, search being made, a few copies covered with dust, were found in a neglected room of a public building, from that time the society has been gaining ground in this town; it has grown with its growth, and strengthened with its strength: now its receipts are respectable; it can boast of its auxiliaries; and this meeting shews that it possesses an interest among many of our population I most cordially assent to all that has been said upon the necessity for the out-pouring of the Holy Spirit, to render the word of God effectual to the conversion of men, and rejoice that this society has been a powerful instrument of conversion under the guidance of the Spirit. But it must not be supported by this meeting that because much has been done little remains to be accom plished, for I assure you it is but the work of preparation. Much good indeed has resulted from the operations of the society, whilst it has been sending forth ten millions of copies of the sacred volume; but during this time it has been preparing for its greater efforts, by translating the scriptures into numerous languages and dialects; now it has prepared the way to bear the light of truth to many regions of darkness, and is going forward with manly : vigour. Let it not be supposed that the society does not need your contributions at the present period, or that the smallest contribution will not help forward the great work. It does need your assistance, and will gladly receive the smallest donation. It is to be remembered that the Bible Society has been succoured by penny a week subscriptions, and that it has never despised the pennies, the six pences the shillings, whilst it has needed and gladly availed itself, of the services of the pounds. At the present time the society needs every kind of support, for it contemplates great things. A demand for bibles has been created by the exertions of the agents of the society in many parts of the world. Missionaries have gone forth to various regions, and in creased the number of readers in numerous language, and the book they wish to put into the hands of the peo ple is the Bible, which they look to this society to supply. Arrangements are now making to form depots for the scriptures all through the Peninsula of India, so that the natives may procure the word of God in their own language, and near their own abodes, at as cheap a rate as you can obtain it in Launceston. And the society not only keeps a number of presses at work in England, but also sends thousands of reams of paper to other parts of the world, which are made into Bibles under the direction and management of missionaries and missionary printers, that they maybe circulated upon the spot, or distributed amongst the numerous tribes around the various stations. At this time also a great anxiety prevails in the minds of many good men to sow the seed of the kingdom, and pre-occupy the millions of minds which are searching after truth, but are exposed to the baneful and deadly influence of the advocates of error; who, in an insidious manner are disseminating works which can only lead astray from God and ruin the soul. Surely your zeal ought not to cool in the cause of this society, which has already effected such great things and is now putting forth its strength to every quarter of the globe, for the overthrow of the system of error, superstition, and idolatry, which curse the human family. In these gigantic efforts the society must be sustained by every lover of the Bible. It needs all the assistance the Church of Christ can give it at this time that it may stand and carry out its plans, which are now opposed, not by individual sceptics alone, but also by great and powerful systems. Mahometanism is opposing the spread of the sacred volume amongst multitudes of infatuated men; the Emperor of China has sent forth an edict against the Bible and its advocates- the Pope of Rome has sent, out his Bulls condemning the Bible Society, and anathematizing its agents; he feels that his infallibility depends upon keeping tiie people in igno rance of the word of God, which declares that the anti- christian system of which he is the head shall perish before the breath of his mouth. 'He trembles at the approach of that word which is mighty through God for casting down every power which exalts itself against God, and bringing every vain imagination to the obedi ence of Christ. Each of these systems live by despotism of a most cruel and oppressive character; they cannot bear the light of truth to fall upon the dark and wretched regions of which they have possessed themselves, for it discovers their cruel policy, and prepares morally en slaved men, by freeing their minds from darkness, to rise and assert their rights, claim their privileges, and say "they will be free.'.' Yes, the word of God demolishes idol temples—exposes the errors nf the false prophet - shews the wickedness of the man of sin who has exalted himself at Rome, above all that is called God—tends to uproot the vain philosophy of Confucius which blinds the minds of millions in China,—and every where exposes error, condemns sin, exalts the Lord Jesus Christ, and proclaims His right to reign over all kingdoms and tribes and people. It is, Sir, the natural tendency of the Bible to accomplish the desire expressed in this resolution, that God may be glorified in the conversion of all nations. Mr. Dowling seconded the resolution. He responded most cheerfully to the call which had been made upon him to second so important a resolution as that submitted to the meeting; whilst he regretted his inability to give it that support and recommendation which its importance demanded; he was satisfied that the claims of the Bible Society were, however, now generally acknowledged; and he felt equally assured, that the individuals composing the meeting had already adopted the sentiment of the resolution, and fervently hoped that the claims of the Society might be universally felt. He would not detain the meeting at that late hour by making many remarks; but he felt that the reference made, during the evening to the necessity of greater zeal and union amongst Ihe friends of the Bible cause, was important. It was indeed true that the committee of the Parent Society, in their last report, informed us that never were the operations of the Society spread over so wide a field; " never perhaps, taking all things into the account, were its prospects more encouraging ;" but this same Report stated that opposition was still shewn to the advancement of the Bible Society. "In France, both the pulpit and the press had been employed to decry the object and misrepresent the motives of those who were simply employed in circulating the Scriptures; and the blessed book itself had not wholly escaped amidst these denunciations of intemperate and mistaken zeal," In Belgium too, the continued opposition of the Romish Church was manifest, in a way which shewed that the reference already made by previous speakers to the existence of opposition was not a shadow of the imagination, created to produce effect—opposition really had existence. In the annual charge of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Bruges, for Lent, 1838, were the following paragraphs: "it is now a year and a half ago, that impressed with the duties of our charge, we enjoined you, worthy pastors, to fortify yourselves, in our name, against the subtle machinations of a Society alike hostile to God and the Holy Church; a Society which would rob you of all that is the most dear to you—the precious deposit of your faith. You are already aware, dear brethren, that we speak of the Bible Society. " So far back as the year 1824, Pope Leo XII., of blessed memory, pointed out to all the patriarchs, primates, archbishops, and bishops of the Catholic world, the impious projects of this Anti-Christian Society; and the event has only too well proved how justly grounded were the alarms of that vigilant pontiff. " In fact, by the operations of Protestant Missions (to which the Bible Society belongs), which expend yearly a sum exceeding 30,000,000 francs, the world is unceasingly inundated with their heretical Bibles. " Hence we are desirous that all our Diocesans should be apprized anew, that it is prohibited to every one, who is not provided with a special permission to read and hold forbidden books, to purchase a Bible, or a commentary on the Bible, or any other books whatever, of the emissaries of the Bible Society, or to receive them gratis, and to retain such copies as they have in their possession." On this document the committee of the Parent Society make no comment. "Rather (say they) we will indulge in silent grief that the simple object of the Society should be so misunderstood and misrepresented." And he (Mr. D.) felt assured lhat each individual at ihe meeting would also indulge in regret that the object of the Society was thus misrepresented; whilst it was to be hoped that occasion would be taken therefrom for greater zeal, for greater activity, and for the promotion of the more fervent union of all Christians in the advancement of the Society's interests. He had heard with pleasure the concluding paragraph of the report just read: a paragraph which had been selected from the Parent Society's report of the last year—and whilst he listened with gratification to its reading, he could not but wish that the sentences immediately preceding it in the Parent Society's report had also been inserted. These sentences involved most important enquiries— " Are we prepared?" say the Committee; " Are we prepared?—with reference not more to the growing magnitude of the work of the Bible Society, than to the peculiar circumstances under which it has now to be conducted, and the peculiar difficulties with which it has now to contend. " Have we that deep, and full, and irrepressible conviction of the supreme excellence aud paramount authority, and, for ail the essential matters of religion, entire sufficiency of the written word of God, which we ought to have, and must have, to ensure our labouring in this cause (as we alone can labour with any prospect of success) with unwearied devotion? " Are we so entirely satisfied of the goodness and rect titude of the undertaking in which we are embarked, as still to disregard every form of opposition against which the Society, or its agents, have to contend: and which they may yet further expect to encounter, in their attempts to give to God's own creatures the precious record of his truth and love? "Are we prepared to go forward with this great work with all the patience, self-denial, and long-suffering, which become the followers of the meek and lowly, yet untiring Redeemer; and are we prepared still to go forth together, "laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, and all evil speaking?" Can we with the simplicity of little children—can we, "as new born babes, desire," for others as well as for ourselves, "the sincere milk of the word, that they may grow thereby ?" " Are we prepared to do all this out of love to the souls of men perishing for lack of knowledge, and out of reverence for the Father of spirits - our Father in heaven-concerning whose name we pray so constantly that it may be hallowed, and who has magnified his word above all his name; out of love moreover, to that adorable Redeemer, whose death is the foundation of our highest hopes, and whose sufferings and subsequent glory the angels desire to look into-doing it still in humble dependence on God the Holy Ghost, to illumine and quicken the hearts of men, and reader effectual to their salvation the truths contained in the written word? "Are we thus prepared, with Christian fortitude, yet with Christian meekness" - in the same spirit of zeal and lofty enterprise, yet at the same time of faith, humility, and prayer \- laying aside inferior differences - one in effort, and, as it respects this object at least, one in heart - are we prepared thus to come and consecrate ourselves afresh to this service? If we can answer these questions in the affirmative (continued Mr. D). ), then most assuredly, whether as members-of committee or as collectors;; or, not holding offices, in our public or private stations in life, we shall become more sincere, zealous, and devoted, in the cause of the Bible Society. Mr. Lassetter moved the fourth resolution, nominating the office-bearers for the ensuing year; and in doing so, said,—Ours is "onward" work; but the prosperity of the auxiliary depends much upon the faithfulness and zeal of those who are appointed officers for the year. They must not only labor, but pray for the blessing of God upon their labors; and then shall the seed of the Gospel win its widening way, until it reaches every portion of the earth. Many have rejoiced to suffer-even as martyrs in the cause of Bible truth and if the com mittee now named are faithful to their past, they will follow these bright examples, and " wrapt in their mantle, tread in their steps.". I have great confidence in the persons named as officers of this Auxiliary for the ensuing year, and therefore cheerfully submit the resolution to the meeting. : The Rev. J. Anderson seconded this resolution. The President, after the passing of the last resolution, closed the meeting by a most excellent and feeling address; and after the beautiful verse—"Praise God from whom all blessings flow—had been sung by the meeting, the assembly dispersed. The amount collected after the Meeting was £15 8s. 3d. VAN DIEMEN'S LAND HOME MISSIONARY AND CHRISTIAN iNSTltOCTION SOCIETY. AT a period when tbe Colony was destitute, to an awful extent, of ilie institutions of religion, the above Society arose; and disclaiming the views of any particular denomination, simply sought to extend evangelical instruction to a people without a Sanctuary and without a. Sabbath. Since its establishment an effort has been made, by some sections^!" the Church, to place in the most populous districts ministers of their several confessions, under the provisions of the church act; but the more scattered settlers being too feiv to derive aid from the State, are still dependent on this and kindred institutions for the occasional ministry of the gospel.—We earnestly hope that an object of such acknowledged imporlauce, may receive the fullest support from tbe public. On Sunday, February 17, two sermons were preached on behalf of the institution, at Collinsstreet Chapel, Hobart; and on the following Sabbath, three sermons were delivered at Brisbane-street,.for the same object. The preachers were the Rev. Messrs. Nisbet, Waterhouse, Bumby, West, and Mackay (late of Calcutta). The congregations were good, and the collections liberal. On Monday, the 18th ultimo, the Annual Meeting was held in Brisbane-street Chapel.— W. Gellihrand, Esq. in the chair. After the devotional service, led by tbe Rev. Mr. Dugall, of the Presbyterian Church, die Chairman observed — There was a thrilling interest in the Associations of home: an interest which commended the society to the afl'ections of the meeting; inasmuch as tire sphere of its exertion was the home of our adoption. Not withstanding all that had been done there was still the greatest need for its labours in many parts of the Colony. How lamentable it was, to find at one spot visited by their Missionary, Mr. Beazley, only seven sermons had been delivered in nine years. Considering the nature of our population, this was awful indeed. He (Mr. G.) felt, that the benevolent plans about to be applied to ameliorate the condition of our fellow creatuves, would require the preaching of the gospel to render them effectual. He would say preach Jesus; and shew the outcast there is hope—(cheers.) Mr. Giblin read tbe report, from which we shall perhaps present an abstract to our readers on a future occasion. The Rev. H. Dowling observed that God had always employed human agency in the accomplishment of his plans; nor should we disconnect what lie had joined.' He coutd assure his brethren that though they would have long and fatiguing journeys, though they must go many times over the saddle of the hill, and down the gully, and along the sidling road, in the prosecution of their missionary labours, they would find all through the length and breadth of the land, the comfort of a cheerful welcome by the hospitable settlers, lie would impress on the meeting that one man could not do another's work. Difficulties had arisen, in marking the route of the Missionary. It was said, O, do not go there, good Mr. —of the Episcopalian, of the Wesleyan, or of the Presbyterian body, is doing all that can be done. So that he must not go here, nor there, and at last not any where. Now he, (Mr. D.) would say, let him go where he can, ask no questions, and deliver his message; which God would bless to the end for which he scut it. The Rev. Mr. Morrison, one of the Missionaries, gave an interesting account of the manner in which he pursued his work. He informed the meeting .that in preaching the gospel he was generally received cordially, and always with civility: he found however that his own countrymen were not the most willing to receive the truths he distributed. And though he assured them he believed in the same Saviour, and accented his discourse with an Hibernian intonation, he was sorry to find that bigotry some times shut up the mind against truth, though it formed no barrier against crime. The Rev. Mr. Waterhouse in addressing the meeting, said—He could not but regret, that by an arrangement not his own, he had felt himself obliged to attend another meeting held that day; so that he was unable to hear the chairman's address. He would however take rare that similar circumstances might not occur again. He felt deeply interested in itinerant labours, and fully accorded with the sentiment he heard that home presents the most urgent because the most immediate claim. This country he now considered his home: hither he had brought his sons and his daughters; and though the sphere of his duty would take him to the colonies around, and to the remoter islands, he considered that here he had found his hornet (cheers). He rejoiced that the young shared the special notice of the missionary. In the early stage of his ministry, in a remote district of Great Britain, where he and his brethren were called round, or riding preachers, (he trusted their missionaries would be furnished with a horse) he (Mr. W.) once called at a lonely house to talk to the inmates, and ask permission to preach to their neighbours; on that occasion he took on his knee a little girl, to whom he spoke on the concerns of the soul. Since that time he had met her, a married woman; and was informed that the consequences of that visit, were blessed lo her and others of her Family. Allusion had been made to infringing on tfte ground occupied by others. If there should be found spots more particularly the care of others, he could not see why it should hinder their Missionaries preaching the Gospel of God: and if they met, let them make kind enquiries, give a word of encourage ment, and pass on their way. Thus Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim. He rejoiced to find that Christian ministers had so many an almost broken hearted parent to hear that the son whose condition appeared hopeless - who had been given up as lost - had been visited with the blessings of the Gospel in the land of his bondage. The Rev. Gentleman appeared greatly to delight the meeting, with the truly pious and liberal sentiments of his address. The Rev. Messrs Gow, Dugall, Beazley, Drs. Officer and Turnbull, and other gentlemen; delivered effective speeches, which we regret to be obliged-to omit. The collections exceeded £50. ON Wednesday the 20th ultimo, the Annual Meeting of the Van Diemen's Land Congregational Union was held in Collins street, Chapel, Hobart Town, when the Rev. J. West delivered a discourse, declaratory of the distinguishing views of the Congregational body. He began by observing—"Far from desiring to interrupt the harmonious feeling so recently displayed (alluding to the previous meetings), his conduct should ever resem ble that of the Apostle; and would say grace be with all those who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity! These were, however, times when Christians might compare their own opinions, and recommend views not universally admired. In claiming that privilege, he could not be expected to give a confession of faith -to advance many arguments in defence of their peculiar views—much less would it accord with his place to attack the opposing sentiments of others A statement was all the limits of a discourse would allow. A New Testament Church, in his view, consisted of two or more persons believing the Bible, possessing its spirit, anil observing its precepts. Complex interests required multiplied and variable laws: for us, the Bible is sufficent, " Gathered together by the attraction of mutual sympathies and objects, such a Church unites in worship, in ordinances, and testimony; and others are received who commend themselves to its love and confidence, not without that just caution .which was refused even an Apostle till his conversion was manifest. "Thus united, they admonish each other—taking heed lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness, trouble and defile. The sin of the impenitent is "told to the church," and its punishment is inflicted of many. Over such a communion, no foreign power can demand a controul—no officer can be thrust. They ask no sanction but the oraclesof God. Ceasar may set over them his servants, Diotraphenes may assume the preeminence; but as the concurrence of the church is necessary to the influence of the ministry—as no pretence but that of ambition can be offered for sovereignty by tile lords of God's heritage - we derive our office from the voice of the church ; and the rule of our doctrine and government from the first-born among many brethren.'" After further remarks, the lecturer observed, "we do not challenge infallibility; we may be mistaken; but in the fatherland we have adopted a strong opinion that it is sinful to support the ark of God by the sword of the state, or enrich it with the grants of the treasury. We think that under the old law, tithes and offerings were enforced by spiritual authority alone, and that when the Saviour and his Apostles appealed to the love and justice of Christians for the support of religion, they deemed those motives sufficient. It is true we may not always find means to erect splendid buildings, and support our pastors in splendour; but in the ancient church they who were strong assisted the weak; as the Christians of Macedonia, sent to those of Jerusalem. If the people are poor, the pastor should share their poverty. He (the lecturer) would not hesitate for a moment to follow the example of the tent-maker; and though it might not swell his reputation in the world, it would not alter his position as a Pastor of the church, and a Minister of God." The lecturer then called on his brethren to adhere firmly to the avowed principles of their body, nor yield it to a temporary expediency, which in his view would be found to be only temporary. The Rev. Mr. Nisbet then addressed the meeting on the importance of personal religion. The Rev. Mr. Beazley on lay agency; the Rev. A. Morrison addressed the younger members of the congregational body, and whilst recommending reading to them, took occasion to express the pleasure afforded to himself and brethren that a newspaper of a religious character was about to be published in the Colony. We shall give the Rev. F. Miller's report of the pro- ceedings of the Union, and the paternal letter of the Congregational Union of England and Wales, in a future number. ORDINATION-.—On Tuesday, tbe 19th ultimo, the ordination of the Rev. A. Morrison took place at the Independent Chapel, Brisbane- street, Hobart Town. The Revds. F. Miller, H. Dowling, West, Beazley, and Nesbit, conducted the solemn service. It appeared, from the statement of the candidate, that he was formerly in connexion with the congregational church, at Hobart Town, under the pastoral charge of the Rev. F. Miller; and that, having been considered suitable for the ministry, by his pastor, and the church, he had returned to England, to pursue a course of study, preparatory to engaging in the work of the ministry ; and having completed that object, at Dublin, he had been sent by tbe Colonial Missionary Society, to labour in this island. The Rev. H. Dowling. of the Baptist denomination, offered the ordination prayer, with imposition of hands, imploring the Divine blessing to follow the young minister in his sacred work. The Rev. F. Miller, concluded the interesting service by delivering the charge; and appealed deeply affected whilst calling the attention of the ordained to the responsibilities of the ministerial office. The Rev. Mr. Morrison has since entered upon his ministerial labours, in connexion with the Van Diemen's Land Home Missionary Society; and will, we doubt not, prove a valuable accession to the agency of that Society. THE Presbytery of Van Diemen's Land met at the Sessions House of the Scots' Church, on the 14th instant. The Rev. R. RUSSELL, a Licentiate of tlie Church of Scotland, and a preacher within the bounds of this Presbytery, having received a call to undertake the personal charge of a congrega- tion of Presbyterians in the district of Moven, he was ordained to the pastoral charge at this meeting, by prayer and the imposition of the hands of the Presbytery, and received the right hand of fellowship from the brethren assembled. The Rev. J. LILLIE preached the ordination sermon from the 4th chap. Ephesians, 11th and 12th verses. 