Original Correspondence« To the Editor of The Sydney Gaeette. SIR, While Dr. Ullathorne is talking of the anatomy of the human soul," and the anatomy of the human frame," few things appear more difficult than the anatomy of an empty dislocated harangue, and I really am at a loss to say whether you intended to compliment my ability or not, sir, when you said I should find little difficulty in grappling with the ar- guments of the learned Dr., the very term implies something affording substance, to which I feel I was entitled,-something of which I might say, I will begin with this point or that, or here is a discrepancy in statement fully proved which needs some explanation if I can give it, or if Dr. Ullathorne had delivered himself of any thing in the shape of refutation cal calated to exercise the mind of a Roman Catholic schoolboy, he might have given a 'freak minded" person like myself (as he is pleased to call me) some trouble to parry the attack ; but here I am with ab- solutely nothing but a spectred repetition of my own letter, the contents of which nothing but a sense of what is due to the cause of truth and to the public, would induce me to particularize at present. I did hope, when it was supposed Dr. Ullathorne would fulfil the promise con- tained in the placard, that the attempt would be sufficiently good to draw a host of fresh evidence from my store, on which Sl fresh inquiry might be instituted in the a minds of many, from which I have no doubt much good would have arisen. I have not the honor of Dr. Ullathorne's personal acquaintance, and even if I had I disclaim all private sarcasm and un- becoming observation, unchristian, us unfeminine. Truth takes too eminent a stand to condescend so low. It is only then as the public advocate of that cause which Dr. U. professes to support, and his unfulfilled promise to that public to refuse those truths he knew he could not do before he ever ventured to engage in such a task, that I appear at all upon the list in opposition to that gentleman in particular. It is not for me to insult the understanding of the public by pointing out his complete failure more than I am of necessity called upon to do. A totter- ing edifice on a sandy foundation takes all the ingenuity and art of man to prop it up against the winds and raging storm of time ; the propping of a tottering cause ^ is just the same; it cannot stand against the steady breeze of truth, incontroverti- ible, uncompromising truth, much less against the floods and tempests of a " God ¡7 " who will not give his glory to another." Dr. Ullathorne's taking in his hand a Protestant veision of the Holy Scriptures to oblige his Protestant friends (as he calls them) astonished me not a little, it was a specimen of liberality almost with- out a precedent in the Roman Catholic Church, as the fact is too notorious to be denied, that the order is to burn the Pro- testant Bible wherever and whenever a Roman Catholic can find one, and I have at this moment in my possesion a small Bible I snatched out of a pair of tongs with which a Priest laid hold of it for the purpose of throwing it into the fire, just to let me see (he said) that he would not pollute his hands with such a hellish book ! ! But if Dr. U., for his own pur- poses, took up the Bible in his hand, I hope he satisfied his Protestant friends of the extraordinary reverence he held it in ! One of his purposes, and a strange one to, was to prove that the Roman Catholic Confession was to be found by Protestants in the Holy Scrip- ture-' simply the Holy Scripture!" one of the portions he selects is where our fallen parents are addressed by their Creator; and to prove his Church the very Antichrist, he says, 'the inquiries " were not made from man to man, but ' as from God to man;" this is Protes tant authority for Popish Confession indeed ! If Dr. Ullathorne, as its author, is allowed to take the place of " holy men " of God who spake as they were moved " by the Holy Ghost," but not otherwise. But Dr. U., like every other Roman Catholic Priest, considers himself God at certain times ; it is part of his religion, and especially in the Confessional, where I have been told innumerable times I need not think I could keep secret any thing from my Confessors, as they pos- sessed by their divinity the same power Christ had on earth, and as I have been leaving the Confession sickened and dis gusted oftener than I can name, and wishing I could never see my.Confessor's face again, I have felt afraid to use my understanding or reflect upon the subject, believing, as I was taught, that the divi- nity of the Priest was such, he knew my most secret thoughts and actions, and would make me perform severe penance for being ashamed, that being (as I have mentioned before) a mortal sin. I have confessed to many many Priests with the hope of finding one more delicate or even more tolerable than another, but except in two instances I never succeeded, both were very old men, one so deaf he troubled himself very little about examining me, and the other, from habitual intoxication, generally slept in the Confession chair, and was afterwards silenced by the j Bishop. Dr. Ullathorne was well aware when he called upon his congregation to come forward and declare if any of them had ever paid for Confession, that a true Roman Catholic would rather lose his or her life than not uphold the Priest and Church, even to swear black was white. This is a part of their religion as much as to believe St. Peter is the head of their Church ; I know it well, and had I been a papist belonging to his congregation and had paid him over and over again, I would have sworn the contrary, being taught to support my Priest and Church above all things, certain I could get ab- solution for any wrong means I took to do so from my Priest. And now a few words about masses and confession, re- questing Dr. Ullathorne to quote, not a garbled statement from my letter, but the plain truth, in which I have said that 'masses were not valid unless I was from under a state of sin, in other words, in a state of grace, consequently I must' be absolved to make the masses effectual." I know as well as Dr. Ullathorne, " that there are more masses said for souls in aj state of mortal sin, than for those who were not ; more masses were said for, those who were in sin that they might be ' released from that state of sin ;" but does he explain this in such a way as that Protestants or ignorant Papists could understand it ? He dares not-his ob- ject is to give the appearance of contra- diction, because it is out of the power of his most ingenious device to refute my assertion ; but I will show the matter as it stands in reference first to a soul in Purgatory, and secondly to a person living in mortal sin ; in the first place, then, when I have gone to confession, and wished to have a mass or masses said for the release of the soul of a dear friend out of Pur gatory, which 1 have done a hundred times, I was always taught by the priest, to believe that to make them valid I my- self must be in a state of grace, and that they might effectual of course then I must confess, to get the absolution which put me into the state of grace. The next in stance is that of a friend of mine who had a dissipated husband; she was con- stantly having masses said for him, but never without confessing and getting ab- solution, to put her into a state of grace, in order to make the masses effectual for her husband, who was living in mortal sin ; thus it is as plain as the sun at noon day, that the individual who gets the masses said for a soul in Purgatory, or for a person living in mortal sin, must in himself be in a state of grace, which state he is put into by absolution after confes- sion, and I never knew a mass said for any one without being first paid for. All Roman Catholics know, at least should know, that when a High Mass and office is said for the soul of a departed friend, the bishop and select number of priests who attend to celebrate it, are always paid according to the circumstances of the surviving relatives. I remember, as if only yesterday, when my father died, a bishop and thirty priests were present to celebrate the mass ; they all dined at our house, and I saw the money counted out to pay them-viz. : five pounds to the bishop, and a guinea to each priest ; but this did not do ; there was a month's me- mory, when the same sum was paid again -neither did this avail ; there was a twelvemonths' memory, and the same sum was paid again, beside all of them breakfasting and dining at the house each time, and I myself have had masses in abundance said for the release of his soul by the very priests who sang the High Mass and office. Can Dr. Ullathorne tell me who he thinks is meant in Scrip- ture when it says, " they devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayers? O that I could he made the happy means of opening the eyes of some poor Roman Catholics, that they might see the way in which they are imposed on for nothing but to suit- the purposes of those who live upon the credulity of their poor flocks. With regard to relics, I think I asked, in my. last letter why it was that " not only I, but very many mem- bers of my poor deluded family should, for so many years, pay the priests for such things ?" I am not at all ignorant of not only the scarcity of the wood of the true cross, but deny in toto my be- lief that such a thing can be in existence at all.. I thought differently in the days of my gross ignorance; I believed in it with as much confidence us I did, that a priest, a priest, a poor wretched sinner like myself, as I now see, had power ( blasphemy of deepest dye,) to create his Creator, or to speak more plainly, had power to change the bread and wine into the body and blood, soul and divinity of Jesus Christ ; but I have so much to say on every point, I feel ashamed at trespass sing upon the columns of your paper even to speak of them as briefly as I can ; but as kings and emperors are sometimes poorer than many of their subjects, relics like other things, may be purchased by those who can best afford to pay for them, -and as a friend of mine in pretty easy circumstances, requested of a friar to bring her, on his return from Rome, a relic blessed by the Pope, he did so ; there was something about the size of a pin's point enclosed in a gold cross, set round with seed pearl, for which I saw her hand him thirty guineas. He may have got it gratis, but I know she did not; and this small speck he styled " the wood of the true cross." She received it from him on her knees, and placing it on a velvet cushion in a glass case, de- posited it in a room where no person dare enter but the priest and herself, except at the time of praying to it; the reason she enjoyed so great a privilege, was owing to her being enrolled in so many orders-such as " the order of St. Fran- cis de Salis;" " the order of the sacred heart of Jesus," and man)' others. This relic of the wood, as Dr. Ullathorne so properly observes, according, to his own belief, being so valuable, my friend did certainly allow the po.ir about Ihe place gratis, to rub it to their sores, while, to make it quite t ffectual,- the priest would recommend their having masses said be- fore it was applied ; here again, I could relate story after story, and wonder al my- self that I was such a fool. How are those snuff- boxes the Dr. speaks of, rub- bed in this way to people's sores, and masses said beforehand ? 1 am not sur- prised Dr. Ullathorne should be a little puzzled about " St. Francis' Lord ;" it and the" Holy Way" were both misprints; but to those who deere to see the weightier matters of the law first attended to, they only seem «' the mint, the anise, and the cummin,"-St. Praneis' Cord, and the Holy Wax. I dare say Dr. Ullathorne re- cognises now. But there is another ques- tion I would ask this gentleman, before I quit these brief remarks on relics. Are these snuff boxes the English are so fond of, (Protestants I presume he means,) prayed to by them?-if not yet, and they might wish a form, I can transfer that one the holy friar taught nie to say to the holy wood of the true cross. On coming into the room, he fell prostrate be- fore it, while he offered up to it the fol- lowing prayer-" U holy cross, on thee " the sacred body of Jesus hung. 1 " adore and glorify ihee, may all those " who believe in the virtue of this holy " wood be curad of all their diseases, fits, ¡"falling sickness, palsy, evil spirits I "from danger by fire .and water, and J " from the power of all heretics and in [¡"fidels. Amen." But then the Dr. J says, perhaps he was " an idolatrous" .friar ! ! Image worship comes next. I have been taught to worship images ; and Dr. Ullathorne dares not say it is not taught in the Church of Home ; he knows it is, or why is the second Commandment left out?-he knows the commonest prayer book would contradict him to his face ; he may call St. Agnes what he pleases, either saint or angel, and I will repeat for Protestant and Roman Catholic, the prayer I was taught to use when prostrate before her image, as my guardian angel. *' O holy angel, who art appointed by the " divine goodness to be my guardian, to " conduct my blindness, teach my igno " ranee, strengthen my weakness, and " excite my slothfulness ; I heartily praise " our common Lord for so singular " a benefit, and thank theo for the many " good offices which thou hast done for " me, defending me amidst so many " dangers both spiritual and corporal ; " but especially by withholding me from " sin, and preserving me when I was " hastening to my own destruction. I 41 humbly beseech thee to continue the " same care on my behalf till thoa shalt " have brought my soul to the happy port " of everlasting salvation, through Jesus " Christ."-Amen.* And I have now to tell Dr. Ullathorne that the greatest proof I could give the world of being en i i tied to the signiiication he attaches to the name of Agnes, is, tint I have for a period of four years, loft with abhorrence . " 1'oor M nu'* Manual.'* and disgust, those ample opportunities afforded the Roman Catholic Confes- sional and priests, " where it is a shame " even to speak of those things which are " done of them in secret."- Dr. Ulla- thorne has been misinformed on the sub- ject of my having " lived all my life in '« Dublin ;" I have paid long visits to my friends in that city, and confessed in those boxes which he speaks of, where, I have been as much shut in with my confessor, as I ever was in a room-not even a cob- web divides the penitent from the con- fessor-and tho curtain was drawn close around us both. How can Dr. Ulla- thorne think of imposing upon Protestants such a palpable digression from the truth, if any one was to hear a word of another's confession they should confess having done so,"and perform strict penance for it ?-Where then is the sense of saying, " the penitent is in the church and in the *' sight of the whole congregation." Dr. Ullathorne must also be aware that there are confession rooms as well as boxes in the Dublin Chapels. I should not like to dismiss any subject having reference to Dr. Ullathorne without expressing a tew of (hose feelings which have a more private tendency, and where I am personally concerned ; that I have left my country and m\r firmer friends is true, but I have dotip so conscientiously, and for the faith of Christ to whom alone I look for help. I carno to this Colony a Protestant, and and where did Dr. Ulla!horne -.receive authority to excommunicate me as a Papist ( I know that persecution nou- rishes the Popish Church ; but Dr. Ul- lathorne, if a Christian minister, might have waived the task on lawful grounds. However, I return him many thanks for giving that publicity I wished there should be to in)' full and free renunciation of a Church whose awful doom is pictured in the Word of God in characters that can never bo mistaken his manner of con- ferring such a benefit, I leave with him. \- "Curses are like young chickens, al «' ways coming home to roost"-the pro verb says so, but I trust they never may my worst and best wishes for this gentle- man when speaking of him as an indivi dual are summed up in one, that through the boundless mercy of our God, " Ile " which persecuted me in times past (or " even still does so) may yet be brought " to preach the faith which he now de " stroys, and God be glorified in him." There can no truce be kept with soul destroying principles. Ami now, Sir, allow me to offer you, and through themedium ofyour papa- toother friends, my grateful acknowledgments, for the able support you combined to afford, not m* alone, but that which is oí first importance, the cause of truth ; and per- haps you will excuse my taking this opportunity of earnestly requesting the t Editor of the Australasian Chronicle to t feel no longer only "tempted" to produce, whatever it may be of which he is in pos- session, for the purpose of "crushing" me, but to gratify himself, and me still more, by coming forward, openly, as soon as his convenience-will permit; I do not like the word defiance, but I cannot at this moment suit myself with one that I answers to express my feelings better. . I remain, Sir, &c.; &c.; i L, AGNES CATHERINE BYRNE. Parramatta, lOtli August, 1839. 