MECHANICS' INSTITUTION. We' Have beeii : reqii&ted; to .state that the Meeting otiTuesday Evening next,when the Rev. Mr. Lillie is to deliver" ah Introductory Lecture, is not to take place, as has been announced, at the Court of Requests, but at the Theatre, in Campbellstreet; the Committee having made arrangements subsequent to the appearance of the advertisement. We understand that Mr. DegraVes has very liberally offered the gratuitous use of the Theatre to the Institution for all the Lectures of the forthcoming Session. We trust the Committee will avail themselves of so advantageous an arrangement. The opening Lecture is to be made quite public, and not to be confined exclusively to the Members. We have no doubt it will be very numerously attended, and we trust it may lead to a considerable increase in the numbers of those who support this excellent Institution. We glean the following extracts from HONE'S Every-Day Book, a work too widely known, to need our praises. From it and other sources we contemplate, when other matter does not press us, recalling the remembrance of our readers to the events of interest which, at Home especially, distinguish the week previous to our publication. We hope thus to afford information to some, ana to others much pleasant reminiscence. This month especially is connected with many interesting associations, to how many will it not recall all the beauties of Old England clad in her gayest colours ? the hedge-row elms, the light smoke of the collages fuming up among the green trees, the cattle grazing or lying about with a lieavj' placidity accordant to the time and scene, " painted jays" glancing about the glens, the gentle hills sloping down into the water, the winding embowered lanes, the leafy and flowery banks, the green oaks against the blue sky, their ivied trunks,.the silver-bodied and young haired birches and the mossv grass, I treble carpeted after the vernal" rains. I Transporting is it to see all this, and transporting to hear the linnets, thrushes, and birds, the grave gladness of the bee, and the stock- dove " brooding over her own sweet voice." Soft tints of sweet May morn, when day's bright god Looks smiling from behind, delicious mists i Throwing his slant rays on the glistening grass, Where 'gainst the rich deep green the Cowslip hangs His elegant bell of purest gold :—the paJe Sweet perfumed primrose lifts iis face to heaven, Like the full, artless gaze of infancy: — The little ray-crowne<l daisy peeps beneath, When the tall neighbour grass, heavy with dew, Bows down its head beneath the freshening breeze ; Where oft in long dark lines the waving trees Throw their soft shadows on the sunny fields ; Where, in the music-breathing hedge, the thorn And pearly white May blossom, full of sweets, Hans out l ' lc virgin flag of spring, entwined With dripping honey-suckles, whose sweet breath Sinks to the heart—recalling, with a sigh, Dim recollected feelings of the days Of youth and early love. [Alhentone's Last Days of Hercttlaneum. It is indeed a pleasant season to the northern world,—nor are we here deprived of such enjoyment,—the month bears but another name, the spring is still beautiful, few countries present more that is capti- | vating at that delightful time. Yet it is agreeable to recall, now that winter is with , us, the happiness which marks this season in Eiiglaud. Of the feast at Whitsuntide, for which this month is distinguished, HONE thus writes:—• WHITSUNTIDE.—Mr. Fosbroke remarks that this feast was celebrated in Spain with representations of the gift of the Holy Ghost, and of thunder from engines, which did much damage. Wafers, or cakes, preceded by water, oak-leaves, or burning torches, iitere thrown down from the church roof; small birds, with cakes tied to their legs, and pigeons were let loose ; sometimes there were tame white, ones tied with "strings, or one of wood suspended. A long censer was also swung up and down. In an old Computus, anno 1509, of St., Patrick's, Dublin, we have 4s. 7d. paid to those playing wijh the ,-reat and little angel and the dragon ; 3s. paid for little cords employed about the lioly Ghost; 4s. 5d. for making the angel (thwrijicantis) censing, and lis. Ild. for cords of it—all on the feast of Pentecost. On the day before Whitsuntide, in some places, "men 'and boys rolled themselves; after drink- ing, kept the feast withmilk.fo&dj; as amongjthe Hebrews; and abreakfaskcomppsed#f cake, bread, and a liquor made.by :hot.water poured on wheaten. bran. Thp JPMtspn 4les were derived from the Agdpai, or ilove-feasts of. the early Christians, and were so denominated from the churchwardens buying, and laying in from presents also, largequantity of malt, which they brewed into beer,.and.Bold out in tiie church or elsewhere. The profits, as well as those from sundry games, there being bo poor rates, were given to the poor, for . whom thiB was one mode of provision, accoiding to the christian rule that all festivities should be rendered innocent by alm6. Aubrey thus describes a Whitson Ale. " In every parish was a church-house, to which belobged spits, crocks, and other utensils for dressing provisions. Here the housekeepers met. The young people were there too, and had dancing, bowling, shooting at butts, &c.;, the ancients sitting gravely by, and looking on." It seems too that a tree was erected by the church door, where a banner was placed, aud maidens stood gathering contributions. An arbour, called Robin Hood's Bower, was also put up in the church-yard. The modern Whitson Ale consists of a lord and lady of the ale, a steward, sword-bearer, or page, fool, and pipe and tabor man, with a company of young men and women, who dance in a barn. TRINITY SUNDAY.—In the Romish church this was a splendid festival, with processions and services peculiar to its celebration ; devotions were daily addressed to every person of the Trinity ; as the other festivals commemorated the Unity in Trinity, so this commemorated the Trinity in Unity. In the Lambeth accounts are churchwardens' charges for garlands and drink for the children, for garnishing-ribbons, and for singing men in the procession on Trinitj' Sunday-eve. It is still a custom of ancient usage for the judges and great law officers of the crown, together with the lord mayor, alderman, and common council, to attend divine service at St. Paul's cathedral, and hear a sermon which is always preached there on Trinity Sunday by the lord mayor's chaplain. At the first ensuing meeting of the common council, it is usual for that court to pass a vote of thanks to the chaplain for such sermon, and order the same to be printed at the expense of the corporation, unless, as sometimes has occurred, it contained sentiments obnoxious to their views. An old homily for Trinity Sunday declares that the form of the Trinity was found in man : that Adam, our forefather of the earth, was the first person ; that Eve, of Adam, was the second person ; and that of them both was the third person : further, that at the death of a uiau tlirce bclia ivere to bo rung as his - knell in worship of the Trinity, and two bells for a woman, as the second person of the Trinity. 