MR. G. M. STEPHEN. We noticed in our last, that Mr. G. M. Stephen had been placed in very painful circumstances, arising out of a controverev in which he had been unfortunately engaged in respect to his sale of a portion of the valuable tract of land recently purchased by him, known as the Milner estate. As it appears the notice taken in this journal lias become matter of accusation against Mr. Stephen, and both parties having called upon us, certainly in the most courteous manner, to explain the circumstances under which the papers in this journal referred to appeared, we have no hesitation in complying with the call, and we hope and trust that the plain and simple statement of facts, which we are about to make, will satisfy any impartial and unprejudiced'person, that however appearances may have justified the inferences which have been drawn by the South Australian press yet that Mr. Stephen is wholly and entirely free from the blame sought to be attached to him, in respect to the notices of his estate which appeared in this journal. That Mr A. Macdougall will be so satisfied, we have' no doubt, knowing jhim as we have done from his boyhood, and believing him to be incapable of persisting in error when he learns how it has happened that he has so become. In order to furnish the necessary explanation, we shall insert (as indeed has been done in most of the Tasmanian journals,) all that has been published in South Australia on both sides. Thus the Gazette on the 8th June commences the controversy. Mr. G. M. Stephen.—The investigation into the conduct of Mr. G. M. Stephen, which, a"we announced in our last, was proceeding before the Governor, has been suspended by liis Excellency in consequence of criminal proceedings havinbeen taken against Mr. Stephen by Air Macdoupll, the printer and publisher ofthe Southern Awtrahan On Monday last, Mr Stephen was held to bail for his appearance at the next Sessions of Oyer and Terminer of the Supreme Court, to answer a charge of "wilful and corrupt perjury ihen to be preferred against him In consequence of the suspension ofthe investigation, Mr. Stephenson, we are informed, has wuhdrawn from the Magistracy, and resigned the office of Coroner, declining to hold office w h ''V M /> P' M'^rW ^Un^s connected with the Colonial Government. This affair will certainly form the subject of further discussion, but for the present we confine ourselves to the following observations in reference to the renorts connected with the « Milner Estate," which have been circulated in Van Diemen's Land In Murray's Review of the 2nd April lasta Hobart Town journal, conducted with great talent by Mr. It. L." Mumty-is published the following paragraph, which, viewed in connection with events of more recent occurrence in Adelaide, will probably strike our readers with the same force as we confess it has done ourselves :— " We rejoice to find the statement we made in a recent number as to a tract of land purchased by the Colonial Secretary, Mr. George Stephen, having been found to be extremely valuable, fully confirmed by a letter from that Gentleman, published in the Gazette, in which he states that £40,000 has been offered to him and refused for the land for which -he paid £4000. It appears extremely probable that the " Company" itself will re- purchase a considerable portion of Mr. Stephen's estate for the purpose of removing^ the capital. Its capabilities are of the first order— a beautiful harbour—abundance of excellent water—and the richest soil. We sincerely congramlate the Colonial Secretary upon his good fortune." Now, our readers will remark—1st, That the above paragraph was printed at Hobart Town on the 2d April, ten days previous to the date of the pretended sale of half the " Milner Estate" for twenty thousand pounds on the 12th April; and,' 2nd, that up to that last date no such letter as that referred, to by Mr. Murray had ever been published in the Gazette. The question, therefore, we put to our Hobart Town contemporary is— from what source did he learn the monstrous fiction ? Who told him that the " Company" would probably re-purchase a considerable portion of Mr. Stepneh's estate/or the purpose of removing the capital? Mr. Stephen and Mr. Murray are known to be correspondents, and we think it ex- ceedingly probable that our contemporary will oblige us with a distinct answer to these questions, the more particularly when he discovers how grossly he has been imposed upon. We take the following notice of Mr. Stephen from a late number of Mr. Murray's paper, in which is copied the more celebrated paragraph from the Gazette of 13th April last, headed " Town of Milner" :— " We rejoice heartily at Mr. Stephen's good fortune, Fifty Thousand Pounds, and the high position that gentleman has attained prove inconie*tibly the truth of the old adage as to ' fortune.' Mr. Mann quarrelled with his bread, and Mr. Stephen, by a fortunate accident, got possession of the loaf, to which other accidents more unexpected have added abundance of excellent butter. We repeat we heartily rejoice at this, and congratulate him on his success, but we caution him against giving way. to acts of vanity unworthy of him, of seeing himself bc-honorabled in print. We hare been from the first his staunch and steady supporters, and we are entitled therefore to put him on his guard against himself. If anything can lessen him in the good will, and what is of ereater importance, the good opinion of his friends, it is to see him nicknamed—of course by his own consent—the Honorable George Miincr Stephen! He should consider all who so sneer at him to do more—to insult him." Now before we proceed, we cannot, but put to our contemporary whether in the conclusion of his quotation from us, it was fair to discontinue where he did ? Surely it would have been more candid to have gone on, whereby it would have appeared that our objections to the silly " be-honnrablings" were not to the individual, but to the system. Thus we continued:— ^ "The application of that term to the Tom Thumb officials of Sir William Molesworth's settlement, would make the gravest of the Queen's Chaplains laugh at its absurdity: The silly term is now in total disuse in all real Colonies. Here, its application has long been considered, (none know it better than Mr. Stephen) as we have r.bove said, an insult." Now we put it to our contemporary's candour, whether it would not have been hirer to Mr, Stephen to have added the above continuation of our little notice of the miserable Bartholomew fair tinselllngs which we have regretted to see that gentleman bepangle his fellow servants, of course trimming his own coat with the same worked livery lace. To show the absurdity of this, as to the wjwle, was alone our intention; our contemporary bv his withholding the concluding passage, has rendered it to apply to the individual. Thus far the Government—now Mr. M'Doueall's, the opposition journal. Thus lie continues the subject:— , " The most wonderful thing in this ' wonderful history' is a vision which appeared to the editor ® Murray's Review, in Hobart Town, a fortnight before the pretended sale in Adelaide. It appears that the ghost of a letter from Mr. Stephen 'o the editor of the Gazette, passed before the e yes of friend Murray, doubtless at " the very etching hour of night"—that it falsely asserted it had corporeal existence in the Gazette—that )I r - Stephen had refused (!!!) £40,000 for his r f *tate : to which fool's paradise the capital was '•nmediately to be 1 removed ;' no doubt by means bullock drays and other conveyances. The "insular coincidence between the ghost's story a id other stories which were afterwards told, is [lie stated sum of £10 an acre. One of two wnes must be the fact—either' this ehost of a Iter did appear to our respectable contempoor the latter is gifted with second sight, ell, the name is a Scotch one. Mr. Murray nay be a highlander and inherit the seer's fa culty from his ancestors, so that to his sight, as Campbell almost says— " Coming land sales, Cast their shadows before." There is one passage in our contemporary's article, which we think quite unwarrantable; he warns his friend not to permit himself to be called, or as he says, " nicknamed," the honorable. Et du Brute ! Oh, Mr. Murray! Mr. Murray! " That was the most unkind cut of all." Now before we furnish the explanation, what we already stated, we are convinced both our contemporaries will iu their candour admit to be satisfactory, we will copy from the South Australian Mr, Stephen's explanation. To the Editor of the South Australian Gazette. SIR,—At the present period I would rather that tiewspaper statements respecting me should pass without reply or observation. It is, however desirable that the public should be disabused of the impressions which your comments upon the articles in Murray's Review are intended to convey to their minds, and as a considerable period must elapse before any reply from the proprietor of that journal can be received, I offer to you for publication the following statement; and which I am satisfied that gentleman will promptly confirm. 1.—I never wrote to Mr. Murray a line upon the subject of the " Miincr Estate," nor, to the best of my recollection, to any person in V. D. Land, besides my brother, the present Judge Stephen. And, although I gratefully acknowledge the many proofs of friendship I have received from Mr. Murray, I am not " a correspondent of his," unless a solitary letter, written nine months ago, respecting the distillation of spirits in this province, gives me a claim to that title. 2.—I never stated. o my brother, nor to any one else, that " I had been offered and refused £40,000 for that estate." 3.—1 never stated that "the Company would probably re- purchase a considerable portion of of my i state for the purpose of removing the capital." And, indeed, it must be evident :o every reader, that no one acquainted with the constitution of this province could ever have made such a statement, knowing as he would, that the " Company" have nothing to do with the placing of the "capital." 4.—It is not for me to account for Mr Murray's declaration that I had stated in a letter published in the Gazette that £40,000 had been offered to me and refused. But I have no doubt that gentleman refers to the following passage in a letter of mine published in your paper of the 30th (!) February last:—"I would rather give theopinion ofa practical man upon its value and capabilities, by mentioning that Mr. Strangways has offered me £l 0 per acre for any part qf it. That offer I have declined at present, being anxious beforeany sale, to take the opinion of some of the most competent gentlemen in the province as to the site which should be laid out for a town, See." The foregoing extract being hastily read, might have been innocently misquoted by Mr. Murray; but it is obvious that no such statement as that made in Murray's Review was either made or intended to be made by myself. 5.—With respect to the last article transcribed by you from Murray's Review, I beg to forward the concluding portion, which you have deemed it expedient to omit: "The silly term is now in total disuse in all real colonies. Mere its application has long been considered (none know it better than Mr. Stephen) as we have above said—an insult."— I am, &c.; GEO. M. STEPHEN. Adelaide, June 11, 1639. And now for the facts of the case, as far as this journal is concerned. Mr. Stephen is perfectly correct in his statement—" he never wrote to us one line upon the subject of the Milner estate." Mr. Stephen is further correct in the manner in which he accounts for the opinion we had formed of the great value of the " Milner estate," which had become subject of general conversation in this town. Every vessel and every individual arriving from South Australia brought accounts and representations of the splendid capabilities of that estate, as we described them in the extract made by the Gazette. We were, as we expressed (also in that extract), " the firm and staunch supporters of Mr. Stephen," and it was only natural that we should look at those accounts and representations a b'ttle " couleur de rose," particularly as we had read in the Gazette itself, which, as far as we have seen, has not yet been contradicted, that a gentleman of high respectability, Mr. Stephen's predecessor in the office of'Colonial Secretary, had offered hitn " ten pounds an acre or any part of it," which, with the continuation ofa refusal in consequence of " the scite for a town," and the general understanding here of the extreme value under the circumstances of the property, naturally enough induced the "uelief, that if ten pounds per acre was offered for " any part," it implied an offer of that sum for the whole. In fact, so far from the slightest doubt existing here that Mr. Stephen would realize 1 that and. indeed a much larger snm for the estate, the only question which we heard discussed was, whether there had not been a little " jobbing" in the matter." It was considered strange, that a tract of land containing a fine river and a fine harbour (the capital possessing neither the one nor the other), within so short a distance of the seat of the Government, should have been overlooked by the Government itself, sold by the • government itself to a gentleman who had administered the government, and was the highest officer in the state next to the Governor. It certainly now' appears that Mr. Stephen has not been so extremely fortunate as he was generally believed to have been—that his geese have not turned out such remarkably fine swans as rumour had set them forth; but we cannot but consider it quite impossible that Mr. Stephen himself was not from the first deceived as to the value of the property, and that he never swelled that value with the intention imputed to him. Having thus complied with the call made upon us by our contemporary, we have now to offer a few remarks upon the extremely painful situation in which Mr. Stephen is now unhappily placed. Thus the True Colonist, who, by the way, is an old oppo- nent of Mr. Stephen, comments upon it: We have purposely abstained from saying anything about the prosecution of Mr. Macdougall, of the Southern Australian, for libel, in consequence of the subsequent proceedings, which that gentleman has adopted against the prosecutor, Mr. Stephen, on a more serious charge ; but, in consequence o ; the reports which are in circulation here, we consider it but justice to Mr. George Stephen, to say, that he is still discharging the duties of Colonial Secretary, and that he continues on open terms of intimacy with the Governor, the Judge, and the Advocate General; that, on the serious charge of wilful and corrupt perjury, he is only bound to appear and take his trial in his men recognizance of £50, so that either there must be very slight grounds for suspicion even of the truth of the charge, or the authorities in South Australia must have less sense of decency about them, than even the convicts at Port Arthur. Sincerely do we wish, that Mr. Stephen may completely vindicate his character; but nothing on earth can justify, or even excuse the Judge of the " free province," for his conduct in charging the Jury, on Mr. Macdougall's trial. We never read anything, in modern times, to compare to his charge. It is impossible that such a man can be permitted to sit upon the Judicial IBench, after the report of this charge to a Jury, has reached England. We entirely agree with our friend of the True Colonist, in the above, and we sincerely wisli Mr. Stephen may succeed in vindicating his character, which from all which we have heaad, it appears certain he will do. We have seen a letter from a gentleman in South Australia, who states that he has heard Governor Gawler, and several other gentlemen of unquestionable honor declare that on the very day the note' from Mr. Stephen to the Editor of the Gazette was written, and the £20,U.X) salestatement published, Mr. Stephen told them that it was an error of the Gazette, that the sum should have been £10,000. So also declares the Auctioneer, the very man of all others, whom, if deception was intended, Mr. Stephen would have most wished to deceive. These, and many more facts decisively proving Mr. Stephen's innocence of any intentional misrepresentation will, we understand, be elicited at the trial, when again we express our anxious expectation and belief, Mr. Stephen wfll be enabled to rescue himself from the peril in which he is placed. For ourselves, we have only to repeat our hope that our contemporary, the Gazette, will find in the explanation we have so readily and fully afforded him, a satisfactory reply to the call he made upon us. 