ODDS AND ENDS. (From the latest English paper-) I "A brief abstract and court held at the wife." v The Russian Government has lately imposed new regulators less curing the admission of mer 1 eli Hitmen li len with cotton into the Russian ports III the Little Ships winch, when they pass the I Son ii, are mt provided with bills of health, and daunt prove that the ports where they took the [cotton o i b and I were free from infection, shall not jb suffered to pass but a huge quarantine ac cording to the circumstances -Great distress prevailed lady in the Shetland Isles, owing to the partial failure of the crops and put his failure of the fisheries last year V goo 1 reason was given, at a 'life (quarter S sstons held at Bath, why a person should not take his to ii On the Itecoulei task I me; why T lines Him in, against whom a true bill was found, had not been placed at the bar when his trial it is called on, the gaoler, with much ; gravity, said he could not come "Why not'" could the Judge " Because," answered the gaoler, he died the week before but "The Plympton corporation have advertised 1 in sale the portrait of [Sir Joshua. Rey non Is, painter 1 by himself, and presented to the coal position of his native town on the occasion of his being chosen Mayor The Goths ' Some of the deluded disciples of the maniac ! Thom affirm that the ghost of their late lender has appeared in the vicinity of his death scene. lilley assert that, having voluntarily relinquished I his connection with the flesh, he cannot, until the lapse of a certain number of moons, again become sojourner upon earth In 1861 the first Act of parliament passed for the construction of a public railway Since that time nearly two hundred have followed it, among these enterprises are three, the estimate 1 cost of which amounts to about nine millions sterling '-Mr Robert Philips, a father of Mr. Mark Philips, member for Manchester, declined, with the entire approbation, of his son, the offer of a baronetcy -It is said that a fund amounting to £4000 has been subscribed by the patrons of the legitimate dra me, and plated at the disposal of Mr Macready, the lessee of Covent Garden Theatre, in case of need, and to protect him against any loss under untoward cu cumstances -Great improvements have been made recently throughout Devonshire, in the manufacture of cider, and huge quantities have, of late been exported from that county to Turkey, where the beverage is in high repute. The House of Representatives in Connecticut, by a vote of 183 to 33, have refused to recommend the expunging of the word is white" in that clause of the con- institution which specifies who shall be entitled to vote -The London papers state that Miss Enndon '(I E. L ) is about to be in wired to Mr M'Kean, the Governor of the British settlements on the Gold Coast On Cape Cod, as soon as a young lady is engaged to be married, she suffers her finger nails to grow long, so that, in case she should be obliged to throw herself on her reserved rights, she may come to the scratch with some prospect of success -Lately, as a party of farmers from the town and neighbourhood, were enjoying themselves at an Inn in Ku by mool side, among other things, fishing became till subject of dis- course, when a member of the Society of Friends said, once, when at Mr Hart is's, he caught a gudgeon, which he fastened upon a hook and bait, S And then tied it to the leg of a gander, which he threw into the river The gander had not been Mangin the water before he ducked over head, rose, and went down again reel "events times At joy, to his astonishment, the bird succeeded in landing "in, a fine make, eleven pounds weight Ill man Catholic Archbishop of Dublin has addressed a letter, excellent both in style and argument, to the Catholic portion of the working tradesmen of Dublin, on the subject of combination time insist on -a Religo gives' 7th. and "a violation of deprecates a y ear Effey salaries and if'? the Lords of the T m°nCy haTlnK Deen speed libraries for the Ln "'to "wit a forged shot t k T' °** Guard stations annual f, tHe ' ^ "' a sales "request has Wm '" as it I t'lc"1il"'»u'i cow c cabbage, (w, the over for TT**,1 have seen "-Mr I^KcentlyCtc ! t.AP,,l"-«ne^ Hall, has all Admiration,' by reason of the Lord stark samnUs "í "" , yellower at Hull He il'«upwK"a work' hard "love's found If .><* bones, tenor of.. """ í a6 tLr of Paris and a beast " a be "/i0'''1011 If rightly 'I"" iiïhoo«ne(l.t,anawh" , getting The PLn">" a 0.00 ML' "A asked in the sun, "if the. wind falling together nnal5'SEl1 *>»?<: souchong Rule is a source d of the late Duke of Ar rH'i'ltyoftl,,^. Vos Grace, "have you sent,,,.. " As " "I have a small family to all "who may be the benevolent "oble Hobson, scr 'y by the number!"' Five in" the, Tree Father sizes T "let his II for the rVy 'mindful; and I |[lieo"enLt" & is, '" til"e bst do not repeat W "craze. will k Ö>VVeTer'ha(1 the delinquent R^Kwù,«f".Gruo«««ected that five Powers,. ,, , lessee brothers, only made . 