The m1endicant. An histlorical fact ; translated from the French, ,for this Paper. AN old mendicant was lately ob served to take his station punctually overy day at the threshold of one of the Churches of Paris. His manners, his deportment, and his language dis played an education much superior to that which ordinarily accompanies misery. Under his rags, which he supported with a certain dignity, it was easy to discover traces of higher origin. Thus, among the other poor people who crowd the portals of that Church, this mendicant enjoyed great authority. Jaques was his name. His good nature, his impartiality in the distribution of alms, and his zeal in appeasing quarrels had acquired him a well-merited consideration among the brotherhood. His life, however, and his misfortunes were a mystery, both to his comrades, and to the parishioners. Every morning, during twenty five years, he had taken his seat at the same place. People had been so accustomed to find him there, that he came to be looked upon as one of the ornaments of the building, in the same manner as one of the other statues wbich fill the several niches in the gothic framework ; but no one could tell the least particular of his history. One thing only was known Jaques never put a a foot within the Church, and, yet, he was Catholic. When the service commenced, when the sacred canticles made the vaulted edifice resound,-when the incense, rising above the altar, ascended to heaven, carrying with it the prayers of the faithful,-when the deep and melodious voice of the organ sustained the solemn chorus of Christians, when the mendicant felt himself moved to join his prayers with those of the 'Church, with an eager eye he contemplated from without the specta cle which the house of God presented. The sparkling reflection of the light through the large gothic windows, the shadows of the pillars fixed there for ages, as a symbol of the eternity of. religion,-the charm attached to the sombre aspect of the Church,- -all struck the mendicant with an involun tary admiration. Sometimes tears were observed to run along his fur rowed visage. A great misfortune or deep remorse seemed to agitate his soul. In the early ages, he would have been taken for a great criminal condemned to shun the society of the faithful, and to pass like a silent ghost among the assemblies of the living. A priest attended that Church every day to celebrate Mass. Descended from one of the most ancient families of France., possessor of an immense fortune, his delight was to give alms abundantly. The old mendicant had become in some degree the object of them, and every morning the Abbe Paulin de Saint C.. accompanied his almis (now become a daily rent). by obliging words. One day Jaques did not appear at the accustomed hour, and the Abb6 Paulin; vexed that he should lose his alms, sought' the house of the mcdi cant, and foiund the old man sick and extended upon a pallet. The eyes of the ecclesiastic were struck with the contrast of luxury and misery which was. displayed in the furniture of the apartment. A mag aificent gold watch was suspended over the miserable pillow; two pic tures richly framed hung upon the white-washed wall; an ivory crucifix of beautiful workmanship, was sus pended at the foot of the mendicant; an ancient gothic chair, and among some old books a missal with silver clasps; all the rest of the furniture was of the most wretched description. The presence of the priest enlivened the old man, and with an accent full of gratitude he cried: " M. IL'AbbC, you deign then to remember a poor wretch I" " My friend," replied M. Paulin, " a priest forgets only those that are happy ; I came to enquire if you wanted any assistance." "I want nothing more," replied the nendticant, " my death is at hand; my conscience alone is not tranquil." "Your conscience I Can it be that you have some great fault upon your conscience ?" "Faultl I A crime, an enormous crime, for which all my life has beeoon a cruel and useless expiation. A crime for which there is no pardon I" "t An unpardonable crime,-thereo is no such thing; the divine mercy is above all the crimes of men." " But a criminal loaded with the most horrible of all crimes, what can he hope for? pardon! alas there is none for me." " There is," replied the priest, " to doubt it would be a blasphemy more horrible than your crime itself. Re ligion holds out her hand to repen tance. Jaques, if your repentance is sincere, implore the divine mercy, it will not abandon you. Make you confession." Quickly the priest put on his stole, and having pronounced the sublime words which opened to the penitent the gates of heaven, he heard the mendicant. " Son of a poor farmer, honoured by the affec tion of a noble family, for whom my father cultivated a piece of ground, I was received from my infancy into the castle of my masters. Intended to become valet to the heir of the family, the rapid progress 1 made in my studies changed my destiny, 1 was raised to the rank of secretary. I was twenty-five years oid when the re volution broke out; my mind was easily seduced by reading the journals of that period ; my ambition got weary of my precarious position. I con eeived the design of abandoning the castle and entering the army. It would have been well for me had I followed this movement. The revo lutionary fury extended from province to province, fearing that they should be arrested in their castle, my masters parted with all their servants. They collected in haste what capital they could, and taking with them a few of their most precious articles of furni ture, they departed for Paris, sock. ing an asylum in the crowd, and re pose in the obscurity of their dwelling. Forming, as it were, one of the family, I followed them. Terror reigned in all its power, and nobody had the secret of the retreat of my masters. Inscribed on the list of emigrants, confiscation quickly devoured their property, but no matter, they were all united, tranquil, unknown. Ani mated by a lively faith in Providence thep hoped to enjoy peace and happi ness. Vain hope! the only person who could make known their abode, and tear them from their asylum, had the meanness to denounce them. I am that traitor I " The father, the mother, four daugh ters decked with the beauty and in nocence of angels, a young son of ten years were huddled together in a dun geon, and delivered to the horrors of imprisonment. Their trial came on. The most frivolous pretexts were then sumcient to cause the death of the in nocent; the public accuser, however, could hardly find a pretext itself against that flue noble family; a man appeared who had been initiated in the in the secrets of the domestic hearth, who knew the most intimate thoughts of the family, he turned the simplest circumstances of their life into a crim inal conspiracy. I am that calumnia tor, that false witness." "The sentence of death was pro nounced upon the whole family, the boy alone was spared. Unhappy orphan ! destined to deplore the loss of his whole family, and to curse their assas sin, if he should ever have known him." Consoled and resigned that virtuous family awaited its fate. It was forgot in the order of executions, the day ap pointed for the execution had passed ; andl if no one had been interested in the death of these innocents, they would have escaped the fatal guillotine. It was the evening of the 9th. Ther midor, a man impatient to enrich him self of their spoils, ran to the revolu tionary tribunal, caused the mistake to be rectified; his zeal was rewarded by a civic diploma. The order of ex ecution was instantly delivered, and the same night the frightful sentence was carried into effect. I am that busy informer. In the evening the fatal cart con veyed that noble family to the scaffold. The father, with sorrow on his coun tenance enclosed in his arms his two youngest daughters; the mother, full of Christian fortitude, pressed against her bosom her two eldest; and the whole journey was occupied in reciting the prayers for the dead. The name of their assassin never fell from their lips. "As it was late the executioner cunfided to a servant his office for that evening. R?eing unaccustomed to the horrible ceremony, the servant begged the assistance of one of the crowd. A man willingly lent his aid in that igno ble ministry. I am that man." " The reward of so many crimes was a sum of 3,000 francs in gold, and the preoious objects deposited hero around me, undoubted, witnesses of my crime. " After that crime I embarked in a career of debauchery; as soon as my ill-gotten wealth was exhausted, re morse took possession of me. No project, no onterprise, no labour met with success. I became poor and in firm. Charity obtained for a privi leged place at the gate of tlie church where I passed so umany years! The recollection of my crimes was so lively so poignant, that despairing of the divine bounty, I never dared to im plore the consolations of religion, nor to enter the Church. ''The alms that I received, above all yours, sir, ena bled me to economise the sum of which I robbed amy old masters. Here it is. The objects of luxury that you observe in my chamber, that watch, that crucifix, that book, these veiled pictures were the spoils of my victims. O, how long, but how ineffectual has been my repentencel Monsieur L'Abb6, is it possible that I can hope for pardon from God ?" " My son," replied the Abbh, "your crime is certainly frightful: the cir cumstances are atrocious. Orphans deprived of their parents by the rero rution, understand better than any others what must have the sorrow of your victims ! An entire life of pe nance is not too long for the expiation of such a crime. The treasures of divine mercy are, however, inexhaust able. Thanks to your repentance, full of confidence in the boundless mercy of providence, I believe I can assure you of pardon." The priest then arose. The mendi cant, as if animated with now vigour, desceeded from his bed and knelt. The Abbe Paulin de Saint C.... was about to pronounce the powerful words which bind or loosen the sins of men, when the mendicant cried, " My fa thor stop ! before I receive my pardon, receive you the fruits of my crime; take these objects, sell them, distribute the amount to the poor." In his agi tation the mendicant tore the screen which covered the two portraits. " Behold," said he, " the august image of my masters." At that sight the Abbe cried out " My father ! my mother !" Instantly the remembrance of that horrible catas trophe, the presence of the assasin, the sight of those objects, took possession of the soul of the clergyman, and cod. ing to an involuntary swoon, he fell upon a chair. His head supported by his hands, hlie shed abundant tears. A deep wound had been re-opened in his heart. The mendicant, petrified, dared not to raise his eyes to look upon the son of his master ;-the terrible judge who owed him vengeance rather than par don. He fell at his feet, bathed them with tears, and repeated in a voice of despair, " My master ! my master! Yes I am an assassin, a wretch, a monster ! Dispose of my life. What can I do that you may be avenged ?" " Avenged !" replied the priest, re stored to himself by those words. " Unhappy man, is it for me to take vengeance ?" " Was I not right, then, when I said that my crime is unpardonable ? 1 well knew that religion herself would repel me. Repentance is nothing for a criminal of my caste. No pardon, is it not, no pardon ?" These last words, pronounced in a terrible accent, recalled to the mind of the ecclesiastic his mission and his duties. The opposition between filial sorrow and the exercise ot a sacred power quickly ceased. Human weak ness had for a moment claimed the tears of a grieved son. Religion re- animated the soul of the priest. " Christian," said he, " is your repent ance sincere ?"-" Yes."-" Is your crime an object of profound" horror? -" It is."-" Finish then your con fession."-Then the priest, with one hand raised above the mendicant, holding in the other the sign of our redemption, called down the divine clemency upon the assasin of all his family. His face upon the ground, the mendicant remained immovable at the feet of the priest. The latter extended his hand to raise him,-he was dead I 