EXTRACTS. TRYING TO PLEASE EVERYBODY. HIHTS TO EDITORS. One reader says, Your straiu's too grave, Too much moraliiy you have, Too much about religion ; Give me some witch and wizard tales, Of slip-shod ghosts with fins and scales, And leathers like a pigeon. ' I love to read, another cries, Those monstrous fashionable lies — In other words, those novels, Oonxposed of kings, and priests, and lords, Of border wars, and Gothic hordes, That used to live in hovels. No, no, cries one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff To craze the fair creation ; Give us some recent foreign news Of Russians, Turks, the Poles, or Jews, Or aiiy other nation. The man of dull scholastic lore Would like to see a little more Of first-rate scraps of Latin; The grocer fain would learn the price Of tea and sugar, fruit and rice; The diaper, silk and satin. Another cri.es, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle ; Some wish for Parliamentary news-, And some, perhaps, of wiser views, Would sooner hear a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawl against the paper. Of all the literary fools, Bred in our colleges and schools, . He cuts the greatest caper. Another cries, I want to see, A jumbled-up variety, Variety in all things — A miscellaneous hodge-podge print, Composed, I only give the hint, Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, says miss, It constitutes my highest bliss To hear of weddings plenty ; For in a time of general rain " None sufler from a drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says one, Of people totally undone By losses, fire, and lever; Another answers, full as wise, I'd rather have the fall and rise Of racoon skins and beaver. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a favorite dish Of politics to suit them ; But here we rest at perfect ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese, We never should confute them. Or grave, or humourous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same, Too haughty or too humble; So, brother Editors, pursue The path that seems the best to you, And let the grumblers gnimble. — Cheltenham Gazette. 