Letter from S. Bray, an Emigrant, to his Father, Mr Richard Bray, of Fal- mouth, Adelaide, 12th April, 1839. MY dear and never-to-be-forgotten Father and Mother,—We are glad to inform you that we had a pleasant passage out. We weighed anchor in Plymouth on the 15th November, about six o'clock in the evening. We had a fine breeze from the east, which put us out of sight of land before the morning. We slept pretty well, but awoke with very different feelings than we had before experienced. We were both sick and unable to help ourselves, but we had a friend that came to us, and brought us some nice tea, and rice mixed with sugar and figs, but we could not eat much; notwithstanding, we kept our spirits up. We did not continue sick long; we were soon able to stir about and get some very nice raisin puddings. We were very glad to write you, saying we had plenty of very good provisions, more than we could eat. We left one hundred pounds of bread behind, for which we received 10s. Sometimes my dear wife was rather unwell, but our doctor was very kind, and got her name on the list of those - who received one bottle of porter in two days. On the whole, we got on very well, bless the Lord for it. We had seven pounds of good flour per week; that used to make bread and cakes enough to serve us. We had an oven one day out of five, so we could bake what we pleased. We had divine service performed on board on the sabbath by the doctor* * * * * After four long months and seven days we cast anchor in Holdfast Bay, about six miles from the town. We landed on the 23rd March, and were taken, with our luggage, in carts to the place of our destination, without any expense of our own, where we are to remain till we can get a house for ourselves. My dear father and mother, we met with many kind friends; the day after we landed we wei'e invited to two or three places to dinner. We went to meeting in the morning, and met with many pious friends, who received us very kindly. We went to Mrs Willoughby's daughter's to dinner; we had a leg of mutton, some nice greens, and an apple pudding. This was a great treat indeed, so you will think. We have met many who love God and his people also. We have a chapel as large as Burdock Chapel, and about one hundred in society. They held their quarterly meeting on the 27th March ; we were invited to take tea with them; we went, and enjoyed ourselves very much. We have a travelling preacher here, and a good society. We have a little chapel now, but we have as large a chapel as that at Penryn nearly finished. May God make it the birth- place of thousands of souls; amen and amen. My dear parents, I have not left my God at home, or lost my Saviour in crossing the great deep ; God is still my happy portion; Christ is still all in all to me. I had the honour to stand in the pulpit on Good Friday to set forth a dying Saviour. The friends soon found out that I was a local preacher, and put me on the plan. I was out seven hours on Easter Sunday. May God enable me to preach his word with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. And now, my dear friends, about the things of this world. We are living in a house provided for emigrants for three months cost free. We had one week's provision, and if we could not get work in that time, the government would employ us; but I got work the first week. I met with two men who are great undertakers in building, and they were so kind as to offer me a chance of learning the business. I have 6s. a day, and have the promise of more on my improvement. I expect to get from 6s. to 8s. per day in a month or two. Able tradesmen get 10s. per day; bricklayers get 12s. per day; labouring men get 6s. Shoes and clothes are as cheap here as at home. Flour is 36s. per 100lbs.; tea is 2s. 6d. per lb.; sugar 6d., as good as your eightpenny; soap 6d. Things in general are much the same as at home. We have evidently bettered ourselves by coming out here. We can save a pound a week, and have the comforts of this life. I would not persuade any one to leave their native land; but all steady men are sure to do much better for themselves in this country than at home. My dear father, tell John Peters I do not wish him to come out against his or Mrs Peters' minds, but I have often wished that they were here. 1 believe that John would get from 10s. to 12s. a day. Give my kind love to them ; and I will write more about it when I write brother Josiah, which I intend to do soon. And now, dear father and mother, I must draw to a close, desiring you to let all our dear brothers and sisters know as soon as you can. Give our dearest love to them all; we need not mention their names, they are all near and dear to us; God bless them, and bring them all to heaven. Give our kind love to Mr and Mrs Sawle and all the family,* and all inquiring friends. Dear parents, I hope you are all living to God. I hope to see you again on earth, but if not, be sure to meet me in heaven. (Signed) S. BRAY. 