THE FRUITS OF DR. ULLATIIORNE'S ILLEGAL AND PERSECUTING DE NUNCIATION oa EXCOMMUNICATION OF.MISS BYRNE. (From the SIydney Gazelle of yesterday.) When the Rev. Dr. Ullathorno, the Roman Catholic Vicar-General of New South Wales, promulgated the anathemas of his Church against Miss Byrne, from the altar of the Roman Catholic Chapel, in Parramatta, we declared our convic tion, that had the affair occunrred in Ireland,.Miss Byrne's life would not have been worth a month's purchase, and we expressed our doubts whether "even in Botany Bay some danger was not to be apprehended." The result has proved that our appreheninms were but too well founded. On Snlday last Miss Byrne, accompanied by Captain and Mrs. Benson, with whom she resides, attended divine service atthe Episcopulian Church, Parransatta. After Church service, Miss Byrne, as usual,accompanied Mrs. Illtenson to the Colonial Hospital, and thence to the Sabbath School, in which ,:he assists Mrs.. Benson. About 3 o'clock in the aftcrunoon, Miss Byrne feeling indislposed, expressed a wish lo return home, to which Mrs. Benson was at first averse, Captain Benson being then attending the afcernos sl rai ieeat the Church, an-d there being no one, in c sequecue, to accom tpany her. Feeling her rin?lisposition increase, Miss Byrne, under the, im. ession tha4 the walk would be of service to. her, left the Sabbath School for Captain Bbnssp's residence, taking with her a young fan:alt o accompany her part of the distance hnIra . On the way M'iss Byrne 6bservud two men walkin long the road a little before her, but,.losing sight of them, she imagined they had gone an, and believing herself safe from the annioyances she had sometiles experienced since her excommuniication, when wvithin a quarter of a mile of Captain Benson's reshlence she dis missed her companion, and proceeded alone. The girl had not left her many minutes, when two men sprung out from behind some bushes, which -had concealed them from her view, and stopping her, demanded to know where she was going ? Miss Byrne, now considerably alarmed, iniformed them that she was an inmate of Captain Benson's family, and was then on her return home. One of the villains observing-" you're just the one we want" struck her to the earth, and disregarding her screams, commenced dragging her, with her fice on the ground, towards a breach in the fence. At this isisi. the wretches were alarmed by the sound of a horse's feet on the road, and one of them ex.bstiling " to the Itb- that's yourway," both ansized her, mal were hurrying her oft, when one of ('nlnnel Fr."n.'h'. servants, who had been out airing his. u? lster s horse, ansd had been at tracted to the out by hearing 11,ss liyruc's cries of " murder," galloped up, and the ruffians im mediately made off. Colonel Frcnch's servant, on learning from Miss Byrne what had occurred, rode on to Captain Benson's cottage to obtain assist ance in capturing the miscreants, and accompa nied by a groom of Captain Benson's, set on in pursuit. One of the two they succeeded in capturing, but apprelhensive lest the other should again attack Miss Byrne, Colonel French's servant rode off to her assistance, leaving the captive in custody of Captain Benson's groom, who, unfortunately, was unarmed; the fellow ob serving this, as soon as Colonel French's servant disappeared, pulled out a large butcher's knife and brandishing it in the air exclaimed "lhbare not as yet spilled blood-but if you don't let me go by the Holy Ghost I will rip up your b-y guts." Fearful lest the vijlian should carry his threat into execution, Captain Benson's servaust allowed the fellow to escape, and he made off into the bush. Within ten minutes after the villain's ilight Captain Benson arrived, and learning whatr. ha:l occurred, rode immediately back to the town and getting two constables, set out in search of the runaways, accompatied by Mr. Watson, a nephew of Captain Mluilatt, and two of his own servants. The search proved nsurnecesfnl for some time, but about ten o'clock at night Mr. Watson hearing a rustling noise among the brushes, gallantly rushed in and captured the fellow, who had all along seemed to act as the prinAipal, and had hinm safely lodged in jail. The other miscreant was appre hcnded at Kissing Point on tihe following day by Mr. Ilunt, the Chie:f Constabl of l'arrama.ttta, who had reci:ived some information which led himn to suspect that he was a party concerned in tihe outrage, and he has since been identifled by Miiss l3yrne. Bloth the would-he-assassinsare Roman Catholics, and had. been to mass on the same morning. They have since been fully cotnnmitted to take their trial. From their l ugutgce and gestures during the tinme Miss Byrt was-in their power, there can be but little do t that, but for Colonel French's groom, she w.tl1 not have been in the land of the living. No man ins Iso enses can t tht tat this atro cious outrage is the co:ltscc nea of IDr. Ulla thorne's excommunicatiln ' :Miss Byrne. If, therefore, thi per eitttc of it are amenl blc to punIislnsent, lshoul , )Verth y Rylcereetd Dr. Ullathorne be also madle enable? We expres sed our conviction, at the sc when Dr. Ulla thorne fulminated his auathllmsn from the altar, that if the matter was oflicially brought under the notice of the Attorney-General, ihe would not fail to bring the Reverend F:ther to condign pmnish mnent for uttering language in his chpellcl, which int Ireland woutl havlhetn ceautiva!ent to signing Miss Byrne's death-warrant; and even in New South Watles was likely to provoke a breaclr of the peace. The matter hIsts now, with a vengeance, been brought officially utndler the notice of the Attorney General; and we have not the slightest doubt, (unless we are very much miistaken in our estimate of tlhe integrity and independence of that learned gentleman,) that the Very Reverend Dr. Ulla thornec, the Roman Catholic Vicar General of New South Wialcs, will be canled to ace:uilt filo venting the curses of his Church against a lady already without its pale. (\e hbeg to remark on tile las:t sentence of the Editor of the :sett/erI lh?e says " on a lady al tready without its pale." The ttlltnce of a de ntunt:iation such its that pronollutnteed against M is Byrne, is a niisdtlnciaett ur int law, whither the party bhe within or witlout " thle pile." The law ill protesting the person or property of the meanent of thte Qitecn's suljeciS, knows nothing about t pales." It cares not about reliyiosn. Religion has nothtiing to do with the violation of the liberty of' thc/ prsmo or its eq/bt/y, or the anf'lv of prolpe'rly. Awotstut ?grers in this C('olny to take the veil. Afterwtdtls sihe wishes to r , nuntttr hier vow, and return to thie world. (Call her jailors keep lcir ? They iltvy s?o so c/alntdssierli: ibut if their imiprisomueat cant he dis"corerresd, th-e isw will releano hes', and puntish them.-Ed. Sid. Aliu.) 