THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES of . Nicolas W containing A faithful account of the Fortunes, Misfor- . tunes, Uprisings, Downfallings, and complete \- Career of the Nickleby Family. EDITED BY " BOZ;" CHAPTER VI. f Continued .) " With eyes bent upon the ground, then, or only raised enough to prevent his stumbling over such obstacles' as lay in his way, the religious man moved slowly forward until he reached a small postern in the wall of the sisters' orchard through which he passed, closing it behind him. The noise of soft voices in conversation and of merry laughter fell upon his ear ere he bad advanced many paces ; and raising his eyes higher than was' bis humble wont,, he descried, at no great distance, the five sisters seated on the grass, with' Alice in the centre, all busily plying their cus tomary task of embroidering. " ' Save you, fair daughters,' said the friar; and fair in truth they were. Even a monk might have loved them as choice master-pieces of his Maker's hand. " The sisters saluted the holy man with becoming reverence, and the eldest mo tioned him to a mossy seat beside them But the good friar shook his head, and bumped himself down on a very hard stone, — at which, no doubt, approving angels were gratified. " f Ye were merry, daughters,' said the monk. " i You know how light of heart sweet Alice is,' replied the eldest sister, passing her fingers through the tresses of the smiling girl. iC And what joy and cheerfulness it wakes "up within us, to see all nature beaming in brightness and sunshine, father,' added Alice, blushing beneath the stem look of the recluse. " The monk answered not, save by' a grave inclination of the head, and the sisters, pursued their task in silence. " 1 Still wasting the precious hours,' said the monk at length, turning to the eldest sister as he spoke, ' still wasting the precious hours on this vain trifling. Alas, alas! that the few bubbles on the surface of eternity — all that Heaven wills we should see of that dark deep stream — should be so lightly scattered ! ' " ' Father,' urged the maiden, pausing, ; as did each of the others, in her busy task, f we have prayed at matins, our daily alms hve been distributed at the gate, the sick peasants have been tended, — -all our morning tasks have been per- formed. . I hope our occupation is a blameless one ? ' " ' See here,' said the friar, taking the frame from her hand, an intricate wind ing of gaudy colors without purpose or object, unless it be that one day it is des tined for some vain ornament, to minister to the pride of your frail and giddy sex. Day after day has been employed upon this senseless task, and yet it is hot half accomplished. The shade of each departed day falls upon our graves, and the worm exults as he beholds it, to know that we are hastening thither. Daughters, is there ho better way to pass the fleeting hours ?' " The four elder sisters cast down their eyes as if abashed by the holy man's reproof, but Alice raised hers, and bent them mildly on the friar. " ' Our dear mother,' said the maiden ; ' Heaven rest her soul.' " ' Amen ! ' cried the Friar in a deep voice. "'Our dear mother! faltered the fair Alice, ' was living when these long tasks began," and bade us, when she should be no more, ply them in all discretion and cheer fulness in our leisure hours : she said that if in harmless mirth and maidenly pur suits we passed those hours together, they would prove the happiest and most peace ful of our lives, and that if in later times we went forth into the world, and mingled with its cares and trials — if, allured by its temptations and dazzled by its glitter, we ever forgot that love and duty which should bind in holy ties the children of one loved parent — a glance at the old work of our common girlhood would awaken good thoughts of by-gone days, and soften our hearts to affection and love.' Alice speaks truly, father,' said the elder sister, somewhat, proudly. And so saying she resumed her work, as did the others. " It was a kind of sampler of large size, that each sister had before her ; the devise was of a complex and i ntricate description, and the pattern and colours of all five were the same, Tlie sisters bent grace fully over their work; and the monk rest ing his chin up6n his hands, looked from one to the other in silence. "'How much better/ he said at length , ' to shun all such thoughts and chances, and in the peaceful shelter of the church devote your lives to Heaven ! Infancy/ childhood, the prime of life, and old age, wither as rapidly as they crowd upon each other. Think how human dust rolls onward to the tomb, and turning your faces steadily towards that goal, avoid the cloud which takes its rise . among the pleasures of the world, and cheats the senses of their votaries. The veil, daugh ters, the veil ! ' c Never, sisters,' cried Alice. Barter not the light and air of heaven, and the freshness of earth and all the beautiful things which breath upon it, for the cold . cloister and the cell. Nature's own bless ings are the proper goods of life, and we may share then; sinlessly together. To die is our heavy portion; but, oh, let us die with life about us ; whan our cold Hearts cease to beat, let warm hearts be beating near ; let our last look be upon the bounds which God has set to his own bright skies, and not on stone walls and bars of iron. Dear sisters, let us live and die, if you list, in this green garden's com pass; only shun the gloom and sadness of a cloister, and we shall he happy. ' " The tears fell fast from the maiden's eyes as she closed her impassioned appeal, and- hid her face in the bosom of her sister. " ' Take comfort, Alice,' said the eldest, kissing her fair forehead. ' The veil shall never cast its shadow on thy young brow. How say you, sisters ? For yourselves you speak, and not for Alice, or for me.' ! "The sisters, as with one accord, cried that their lot was cast together, and that there were dwellings for peace and virtue beyond the convent's walls. " Father,' said the eldest lady, rising \yith dignity, you hear our final resolve. The same pious care which enriched the abbey of Saint Mary, and left us, orphans, to its holy guardianship, directed that no constraint should he imposed upon our inclinations, but that we should be free to live according to our choice. Let us hear no more of this, we pray you. Sisters, it is nearly noon. Let us take shelter until evening ! ' With a reverence to the Friar, the lady rose and walked towards the house hand in hand with Alice ; and the other sisters followed. " The holy man, who had often urged the same point before, but had never met with so direct a repulse, walked some little distance behind, w'th his eyes bent upon the earth, and his lips moving as if in prayer. As the sisters reached the porch, he quickened his pace and called upon them to stop. " ' Stay,' said the monk, raising his right hand in the air, and directing an angry glance" by turns at Alice and the eldest sister, 'Stay, and hear from me what these recollections are, which you would cherish above eternity, and awaken —if in mercv they slumbered. — by means of idle toys. The memor y of earthly things is charged in after life with bitter dis appointment, affliction, and death ; with dreary change and wasting sorrow. The time will one day come when a glance at those unmeaning baubles shall tear open deep wounds in the hearts of some among you, and strike to your inmost souls. When that hour arrives — and, mark me, come it will — turn from the wprld to which you clung, to the refuge which you spurned. Find me the cell which shall be colder than the fire of mortals grows when dimmed by calamity and trial, and there weep for the dreams of youth. These things are Heaven's will, not mine,' said the friar, subduing his voice as he looked round upon the shrinking girls. ' The Virgin's blessing he upon you, daughters ! ' With these words he disappeared through the postern, and the sisters hast ening into the house were seen no more that day. " But nature will smile though priests may frown, and next day the sun shone brightly, and the next, and the next again. And in the morning's glare and the even ing's soft repose, the five sisters still walked, or worked, or beguiled the time by cheerful conversation in their quiet orchard. "Time passed away as a tale that is told; faster indeed than many tales that are told, of which number I fear this may be one. The house of the five sisters stood where it did, and the same trees cast their pleasant shade upon the orchard grass. The sisters too were there, and lovely as at first, but a change had come over their dwelling. Sometimes there was the clash of armour, and the gleaming of the moon on caps of steel, and at others jaded coursers were spurred up to the gate, and a female form glided hurriedly forth as if eager to demand tidings of the weary messenger. A goodly train of knights and ladies lodged one night within the abbey walls, and next day rode away with two of the fair sisters among them. Then horsemen began to come less fre quently, and seemed to bring bad tidings when they did, and at length they ceased to come at all, and foot-sore peasants slunk to the gate after sunset and did their errand there by stealth. Once a vassal was despatched in haste to the abbey at dead of night, and when morning came there were sounds of woe and wailing in the sisters' house ; and after this a mourn ful silence fell upon it, and knight or lady, horse or armour, was seen about it no more. " There was a sullen darkness in the sky, and the sun had gone angrily down, tinting the dull clouds with the last traces of his wrath, when the same black monk walked slowly on with folded arms, within a stones-throw of the abbey. A blight had fallen on the trees and shrubs ; and the wind at length beginning to break the unnatural stillness that had prevailed all day, sighed heavily from time to time, as though foretelling in grief the ravages of the coming storm. The bat skimmed in fantastic flights through the heavy air, and the ground was alive with crawling things, whose instinct brought them forth to sWell and fatten in the rain. "No longer were the friar's eyes directed to the earth ; they were cast abroad, and roatned from point to point, as if the gloom and desolation of the scene found a quick response in his own bosom. Again he piaused near the sister's house, and again be entered by the postern. " But hot again did His ears encounter the sound of laughter, or his eyes rest upon the beautiful figures of the five sis ters. All was'silent and deserted. The boughs of the trees were bent and broken, and the graSs had grown long and rank. No light feet had pressed it for many, many, a day. " With the indifference or abstraction of one well accustomed to the change, the monk glided into the-house, and en tered a low, dark room./ Four sisters sat there. Their black garments made their pale faces whiter still; imd time and sbrrow had worked deep ravages. They were Stately yet ; hut the flush and pride of beauty were gone. i. " And Alice — where was she ? In "heaven. " The monk — even the monk— could bear with some grief here ; for it was long since these sisters had met, and there were furrows in their blanched faces which years could never plough. He took his seat in silence, and motioned them to continue their, speech. " They are here, sisters,' said the elder lady in a trembling voice. ' 1 have never borne to look upon them since, and now I blame myself for my weakness. What is there in her memory that we should dread ? To call up bur old days shall be a solemn pleasure yet.' " She glanced at the monk as she spoke, and, opening a cabinet, brought forth the five frames of work, completed long before. Her step was firm, but her hand trembled as she produced the last one ; and when the feelings of the other sisters gushed forth at sight of it, her pent-up tears made way> and she sobbed ' God bless her !' " The monk rose and advanced towards them. ' It was almost the last thing she touched in health,' he said in a low voice. " It was," cried the elder lady, weep ing bitterly. " The monk turned to the second sister. " ' The gallant youth who looked into thine eyes, and hung upon thy very breath when first he saw thee intent upon this pastime, lies buried on a plain, whereof the turf is red with blood. Rusty P - — C : t\ n » iraguicuLS ui cuiuuui uiilc utigncijr uui- nished, lie rotting on the ground, and are as little distinguishable for his, as are the bones that crumble in the mould !' " The lady groaned, and wrung her hands. " ' The policy of courts,' he continued, turning to the two other sisters, ' drew ye from your peaceful home to scenes of revelry and splendour. The same policy, and the restless ambition of proud and fiery men, . have sent ye back, widowed maidens, and humbled outcasts. Do I speak truly ?' " j "The sobs of. tlie two sisters were their only reply. " s There is little need,' said the monk, with a meaning look, to fritter away the time in gewgaws which shall raise up the pale ghosts of hopes of early years. Bury them, heap penance and mortification on their heads, keep them down, and let the convent be their grave ! "The sisters asked for three days to deliberate, and felt that night as though the veil were indeed the fitting shroud - for their dead joys. But morning came again ; and, though the boughs of the orchard trees drooped and ran wild upon the ground, it was the same orchard still. The grass was coarse and high, hut there was yet the spot on which they had so often sat together when change and sorrow were but names. There was every walk and nook which Alice had made glad, and in the minster nave was one flat stone, beneath " which she slept in peace. " And could they, remembering how her vouner heart had sickened at the thought of cloistered walls, look upon her grave in garbs which would chill the very j ashes within it ? Could they bow down in prayer, and when all Heaven turned to hear them bring the dark shade of sad ness on one angel's face ? No. I " They sent abroad to artists of great celebrity in those times, and having ob tained the church's sanction to their work of piety, caused to he executed in five large compartments of richly stainedglass, a faithful copy of their old embroidery work. These were fitted into a large window, until that time bare of ornament, and when the sun shone brightly, as she liad so well loved to see it, the familiar patterns were reflected in their original J colours, and throwing a stream of bril liant light upon the pavement, fell warmly on the name of For many hours in every day the sisters paced slowly up and down the nave, or knelt by the side of the flat broad stone. Only three were seen in the customary place after many years, then but two, and for a long time afterwards, but one solitary female bent with age. At length- she came no move, and the stone bore five plain Christian names. " That stone has worn away, and been replaced by others, and many generations J have come and gone since then. Time has softened down the coloursj but the same stream of light still falls upon the forgotten tomb, of which no trace re mains ; and, to this day, the stranger is shown in York Cathedral an old window, called The Five, Sisters." (To be continued.) 