MARTIN LU'IHER v. PEITER DENS. o the Editor qf the dustralajsian Chronicle. Srrn,-Finding that those personi whoms the Syduiey 'Gi:etle called "respectable gentle en," (what a pity it is that thle ladies should be excluded I) are labouring in their vocation, V'y distributing what are termed "extracts romn Den's Theulogy;" your readers 'will not, trust, be displeased by nmy furnishing, for your columns, a few extracts from the works of Martin Luther. Between Doctor Dens and Doctor Martin there is some slight differ. ence, respecting the light in which their res pective names and worka are held by Catho ics and Frltestants ; until within the last few years it is only one Cathlolicin fifty, siay in one lhundred thousand, who ever heard of Dens' Theology ; he was an bbscure professor in a foreign college,-not so Protesta* ts and Martin Luther,-every Protestant must have heard of im, for he was the father of Protestantism ]is followers have compared him to St. Panl, and in every Protestant work' and pulpit his, name has been put forth as tihe reformer of the religion of the Messiah, and who blasphemously called himself an evangelist. I must be per. initted to remamk, however, that before Luther called Ilimself an " evangelist," he appeared to pay considerable deference to the voice of the Sovereign Pontif of his day. Writing to the Pope, he says, "whether you give life or death, approve or reprove, as you may judge best, I will harken to your voice, as to that of Christ himself."-Epist. ad Leou. - No souner were Luther's innovations condemned by the Pope than Martin changed Ilis tone and language, and spoke as follows :-" TIis artirle shall re main in spite of all the world, it is I, Martin Luther, Euangelist, who say it, let Ino one, therefore, attempt to infringe it, neither the Emperor of the Romans, nor of the Tuiks, nor of the T'rtars, neither the Pope, nor the Monks, nor the nuns, nor the Kings, nor the Princes, nor all the devils int hell ; if they at tempt it, may the infernal flames be their re. compense,-whlat I say here is to be taken for an inspiration of the Holy Ghost." -Visit. Saxon. Oft'le order of L'isops, Luther speaks thus, " Give ear now you Bishops, or rather visors o .tllhe dlevil, Doctor Luther will read you a bull, and a reform, which will not sound sweet in your ears. Dr. Luther's bull and re. tuorn is thi.,-whoever spend their labours, etsons, and fortunes, to lay waste your Epis c.paries, and to extinguish the Gu:vernment of the Bishops-they are the beloved of God trte Christians, ard opposers of the devil'. ordinances, on the other hand, whoever support the Government of Blshops and willingly obey them--they are the devil's ministers," &c.; In a few years alter writing the for.g,,ing, Luther in older to please Iii. great supporter. the Electur of Saxony, actually consecrated his bottle companion, Arnlsdorf, Bishup ol Nanmn. burg."- Sleiden Comi., L. 14. Elsewhere Lutlter, says, " II we send thieves to tlhe galloiws and robbers to the block, why do we not fall on those masters of perditiona-the Popes,) Cardinals, anid Bishops, willh all our force, and not give over till we have bathed our hands in their blood."-Ad Silves. Perier. He, Luther, calls the Pope a mad wolf, against whom every one ought to take arms, without waiting for aIn order fronm a magistrate." " If, says he, you fall before the beast has received its mortal wound, you will have buhnt one thing:t'i be sorry for, that you did not bury your dagger in its breast, all that defenid him must be treated like a hand of roUbers, be they Kings or be they Caesars."-Thes. apud Sleid, A. D. 1545. It is not tile natural bent of nrn inclination to read or to write any thiing of a gross or im moral tendency; nor do I suppose it is youttr to publish one or the other, but as the Sydney Press has lately teemed with gross abuse of Catholic tenets and doctrines, if the conduc tors of that press are taught to know that they too live in glass-.houses, by furnishing extracts from the works of tIhe patriarchs of thle reform ation, I trust I shall stand excused. In La. thes's Epis. ad Phil. '1. 1, fol. 334. I read thus :-" I am burned with the great flame of mtty unturned flesh; I who ought to be fervent in spirit, am fervent in the Ilth,', in lust, sloth, &o.; Eight days are now passed wherein .1 neither write, pray, nor study i being vexed partly with temptations of the flesh, partly with ither troubles." " 1' did not love," lie sas, ' Nay, I hated GOnd who punishes sln. ners, and with heavy muttering, if not with silent blasphems I was angry-witll God, thus did I rage with a fretted and disordered con science." F'om the' confession of Luthetr, it mnust be clear, that thle attlioi 'and'prime mover of hi " reformatioim" was rio 'ther than hils Satanie Majesty, who,; having got the'abctndeiieyl over Luther's nind, soon' becanme his familiar, as lie proclaitms hitnself "in his work, De Abrog Missa. PlivN. T. 7. p. 226, where he details a smart., dialogue lie he had with thle devil, Man. lius, Hospinian,' aidl Eraiisus, all depose to the disputations of Luther, 1witm the in eroal Theologian. Calvin, writing to Ballinger, says of Luther:-. ' It is inmp.ossible to beatr.:any longer with thle violence of Luthler,wlwhose self. love will not permit himn to know bis emwn; de. fects, or to endure cntradiction.'mi., His di.po sition towards thIe Jews nmay be gather'd t'rom thIe folitwing: -- ' It was 'Ltmtler'ms opinion, says Seekendorf, thliat their synagogues should be levehed with tle ground, their litouises de. stroyed, tlheir books of prayer, and of tile Tahlmutd, and of the )ld Testammemt, be taken, fromt them, that tlheir lRaltbies should bi forbid to teach, and for;edm br hard labur to get their bread," &c.; Thie Epistle ot St. James,;wlhich recotimeitds good works, Luther promounted spurious, calling it '' a clhafy prolduction, tn -onlrmy of an Apostle.!: In aummenting on ·Gn. xx. 2t, andti o thie ecmidtnt of. God to. words Abraham,iuuthter tlhi writes:-" By our saffliotion hie seeks his own sport and not oar sal. v.atian. 'tlhus said Godl to Abraham,' Slay thy sin,' &o.; Howl In tentslizing, preleiding, and tnmocking. It is dlisillulntioon, anld lie is only trying wbellther we he willitig to nloe pre sent things andti life itself for hiis account."? In tile "'Travels of an Irish Getleninan,"' by the celebrated ''Thonmls Ittore, tltemi is a curious slorty related, concerningt Luthler's ~ 4~ A- c marriage :-" Froml these, says Mr.. Moore, it appears that Miss Cstli'rine had, in a conver satiori'witli Atasdrf,' complained that ii was Luther's intention to' marry her against her will to l)r. Glacins ; she thereuire begged.of ,:ms-. dorf, knowing on what intimate terms lie lived, with Lu'ther, to try and prevail upon his frieind to choosesoime other husband'fmar her, ardiiing,' that. sihe was ready at a' moment's notitde, to marry either Amadorf or Luther Iimsel, bu-. on no account Dr. Glacius. Miss Catherine de Bnre becam.e almost on the instant Madanme Luther; both had formerly made solemn vowvs of perpetual celibacy; she ws'aas a 0un and he as a friar. Without a single hint of thle mat tir to any of his friends. be invited a party to iupper,' consisting of the bride, a priest, a lawyer and a painter, the last attending pro -fessionally, as' well as the others being asum moalned to take the fair Catherine's pnrtrait, and in this ," Apustolical" manner was so'emnized a marriage, which, for a time, filled the tanks of piotestauism willt disnmy. 'I I have now biefire'iime a nnpy of the Diopensation of Lu ther to the Latdgrave of. ilesse, to keep two wives. This durtment is signed by Lather, M-lancthon, Bucer, Corvio, .Adam,'and three others, all " relormers,", but as I fear 1 have already trespassed too miuch on your space, tlie documenrt in question will. be of some service at another time., ... OHJ. 