PROCLAMATION TO THE PEOPLE OF CANTON. (Translated for The Canton Register) 'Lew, acting Nanhae magistrate, and Chang magistrate of the Pwan yu district, inform the public that they have received his excellency the viceroy's commands — to cause it to be printed and universally circulated — the ten observations made upon opium by the scholar Koo King shan, a native of the district of Kean cing, in the province of Keang soo — and append thereto his receipe for the curing of opium smoking. ON THE DEADLY POISON, OPIUM. ' Opium is a pisonous drug, which comes from beyond the sea. When asked what are the good qualities pro- duced by it, it is answered, ' it raises the spirits, so as to be insensible to weariness,' therefore it is, that so many of us Chinese have constantly fallen into its bewitching snare ! At first it begun to be used, merely from the wish to follow the fashion of the day, afterwards, when its poisonous influences have prevaded the system, continual renovation is required ; its unhappy victim sleeps like a corpse, aud grows lean and meagre like a ghost : this is the manner in which it insidiously carries on its attacks against human life ! Moreover it is a very expensive article, the price of it is high, it cannot be ob- tained except by giving for it its weight of silver ; at first it dissipates a man's substance ; finally it utterly empties his house : of all the calamities ever visited upon mankind, none in magnitude can be compared to this '. I say that it is ten times more fatal than arsenic ! For the wretch who betakes himself to this poison has commonly lost the respect of his fel- low men. his affairs cannot be retrieved, he is without resource, so he drains the fatal cup and expires ! But be who takes delight in smoking opium, receives one calamity on the back of another in deadly succession. I have been asked to give my sentiments on the subject, for the warning of the people against its snare, and they are as follows: — The opium smoker exposes himself — . In the first place, to have his animal spirits quickly and completely destroyed. When he at first xommences the smoking of optium, he feels his spirits wonderfully elevated, but he ought to know that his animal spirits take not their rise exter- nally, but internally, and that he is merely using unnatual means to raise them above their natural level. I compare it to a lamp which you are continually trimming; and reason tells us that if we do so, the oil will soon be burned out. and the lamp speedily extinguished. Thus, then, young people, who delight in opium, must die prematurely, they cannot leave posterity behind them, and their wives, fathers, and mothers, must be left ex- posed to cold and want ! Middle aged and old people, who smoke opium, must shorten the period of existence that na- ture would otherwise have allotted them, a circumstance which truly calls forth our compassion ! In the second place, to have his pro- fession or lawful calling go to wreck and ruin. He who is in authority and smokes opium, cannot have time to attend to his public business himself — however import ant it may be : the merchant who smokes it. delays and loses the opportunity of making* money, and all his affairs get in arrear : for losing one's time and for dis sipating one's estate, never was there a drug so fatal as this ! In the third place to have his own flesh and blood waste away before his eyes ! If a robust, man smokes it his beef insensibly falls from him, and his skin hangs about him like a bag. If a delicate person smokes it his face becomes black as charcoal, his bones lean a lathes ; those who see him know well that he must soon speedily take up his abode in the church-yard ! In the fourth place, to impoverish him self. If a rich person smokes it, his es- tate must soon be spent. To smoke opium, it iw necessary for two persons to lay beside each other on the couch ; there they puff and chat away, and thus their enjoyment is at the full. Day by day they spend several pieces of silver in buying this hateful drug ; they invite friends and halloo to comrades who are birds of a feather ; their money melts away very fast, and do you reader say that this state of matters can last long ? In the fifth place ; to have his appear- ance changed to an aspect most hideous to behold ! He who smokes this drug for a length of time, feels a constant loathing and laziness ; he cares not for his meals, and finds difficulty in corres- ponding to the common courtesies of life. When the period for renovating his system with a fresh dose of the poison comes round, he cannot desist from taking hold of his opium pipe ; rheum and snot flow apace — his whole frame seems withered and rotten, aud the bye standers on seeing him look so funny, cannot refrain from shouts of laughter ! In the sixth place; to have reports spread abroad unfavourable to his good name. If a man has been long in the habit of smoking opium, his wife naturally follows the example; if they smoke to excess, the night is turned into day, and no distinction is made between the outer and inner apartments ; out of this state of matters may spring a great many scandalous occurrences that we dare do no more, than hint at ; truly, then, it may be said that such a state of things is much to be regretted ! In the seventh place ; to have his se- crets blazed abroad ; among opium smokers, without distinguishing between the noble and the base — they all lie upon the same couch and puff away. While in this state (in vino veritas) they talk about whatever is uppermost in their minds without any reserve. Truly does the proverb say, if a man spead too much, some of his words must come amiss ; if an honorable man hear him, it may per- haps be no great matter, but if a mean man hear him, it is hard to secure that he won't suffer for it afterwards. In the eighth place; to be involved in the net of the law. Whether he be buy- ing it or smoking it, should he meet with any base blackguards, these make use of it us a pretext to squeeze him or extort his money. Should the affair get wind, he will then be brought up before the mandarins for trial and punishment ; when lie who opens a shop for tlie sale of opium will be strangled and he who smokes it will be transported. And may- hap you would like to make a trial of the laws in your own persons would you ? In the ninth place; to have the poison enter his verv marrow and vitals ! He who has been in the habit of smoking it long, has his viscera and glands full of hairy worms or insects ; these send up their poisonous breaths and attack the intestines : the stomach and bowels are wounded in consequence, and Loo Peen himself (the Chinese Esculapius) could do nothing in his behalf ! Look now at those shortsighted people who wish to put an end to their existence ! They mix up a little opium in its raw state. and the moment they swallow it, their bowels burst, the blood gushes out from their seven orifices, their whole body becomes livid and putrid, and they die ! There is no medicines known that can cure the effects of this deadly poison. 1 myself, while travelling along the banks of Yang tsze keang, saw a fellow, who was an opium smoker. The time of re- novation came round, and he was short of the drug, so having no means to satisfy the (horseleech-like) craving, he sought a way to destroy himself. He caught up by mistake a cup of chainam oil, (ima- gining it to be poison,) and drank it off ; when he was seized with an unceasing' vomiting, and, in the end, he spewed up a whole heap of these insects ! — Their heads were red and variegated, their whole body was covered with hair, they were upwards of an inch in length, and when they were spewed upon the ground they kept wambling about to the great fear and astonishment of the spectators ! ! In the tenth place, to lose his life, (by external causes induced by this vice.) The poor man who smokes it, must soon pawn every article he has in his house,— when he must sit down and cross his hands in despair! Being now per- fectly out at elbows, and being unable to get over the renovating period, the lible consequence is, that he will to sell or pawn his wife and children. I, with my own eyes, saw this in case of a person surnamed (Hin tive of the province of Ganhwnv: had no sons, so he bought a cone whom he managed to get with Afterwards his purse became quite e through opium smoking, his vitals being gnawed from want renovation he could not get over it at all so he has no other way of satisfying the disease took his pregnant concubine and sol for several tens of taels ! When money was all spent, he went (like ther Judas) and hanged himself ! '?. there anything more lamentable this ? Now, in reference to the ten foresaid observations made upon the evil* r= ing from opium, every one known tinctly that they are the consequence which opium-smoking must inevibely lead! If the depraved hear me, and will not awake from their depre there is nothing in this that a man feel astonished or offended at ! But cerely pity those refined and ta men, who have been gradually fl into its bewitching snare, which there to lead them to poverty, and after! an untimely end ! If ye hear me, and refuse to leave off the evil habit,i this indeed to be pitied .' With '?? cere feeling of compassion for those happy victims who have, under a impression of its qualities, committe opium-smoking, and gone on till the quire the renovating drug, who repeat their folly, but who cannot get; their bane, I looking up to the good of mercy, and feeling anxious, like to do something in behalf of the race, have taken a secret prescription wonderful efficacy in curing the evil habit of opium-smoking, and engraved and printed in order that disseminated over the whole es Hoping that it may serve as pointing the ford or ferry 'to the foolish have had it annexed to this same ment. (The receipt is printed in Chinese characters, and we are unable to t late it.) 