OLIVER TWIST, Or ihe Parish Boy's Progress. As an introduction to the following extract from the work of the above title, recently from tlie incomparable pen of Boz, it will be sufficient to notice that Sikes, one of the -wretched gang among whom poor Oliver was thrown, has wound up his career of crime by committing a frightful murder. The sequel speaks for itself:— " Near to that part of the Thames on which the church of Rotherhithe abuts, where the buildings on the banks are dirtiest, and the vessels on the river blackest with the dust of colliers and the smoke of close-built low-roofed houses, there exists, at the present day, the filthiest, the strangest, the most extraordinary of the many localities that are hidden 111 London, wholly unknown, even by name, to the great mass of its inhabitants. To reach this place, the visitor has to penetrate through a maze of close, narrow, and muddy streets, thronged by the roughest and poorest of water-side people, and devoted to the traffic they may be supposed to occasion. The cheapest and least delicate provisions are heaped in the shops, the coarsest and commonest articles of wearing apparel dangle at the salesman's door, aud stream from the house-parapet and windows. Jostling with unemployed labourers of the lowest class, ballast-heavers, coal-wliippers, brazen women, ragged children, and the very raff and refuse of the river, he makes his way with difficulty along, assailed by offensive sights and smells from the narrow alleys which branch off on the right and left, and deafened by the clash of ponderous waggons that bear great piles of merchandize from the stacks of warehouses that rise from every corner. Arriving at length in streets remoter and less frequented than those through which he had passed, he walks beueath tottering house-fronts projecting over the pavement, dismantled walls that seem to totter as he passes, chimneys half crushed half hesitating to fall, windows guarded by rusty iron bars that time and dirt have almost eaten away, and every imaginable sign of desolation and neglect. " In such a neighbourhood, beyond Dockkead in the Borough of Soutliwark, stands Jacob's Island, surrounded by a muddy ditch, six or eight feet deep and fifteen or tweutywide, when the tide is in, once called Mill Pond, but known in these days as Folly Ditch. It is a creek or inlet from the Thames, and can always be filled at high water by opening the sluices at the Lead Mills from which it took its old name. At such times a stranger, looking from one of the wooden bridges thrown across it at Mill-lane, will see the inhabi- tants of thehouses on either side lowering from their back doors and window*, buckets, paUg, ^ mestip utensils of all kinds, in which t6 haWj^g water up; and when bis eye jb turned from uQhe operations to the houses themselves, his utmost astonishment will be excited by th« scene before him. Crazy wooden galleries common to the backs of hilf-a-dozen houses, with holes from which to look upon the slime beneath; windows broken and patched, with poles thrust ont ofi which to dry linen that is never there; rooms so.small, so filthy, so confined, that the air would seem too tainted even for the dirt and ' squalor which they shelter; wooden chambers thrusting themselves out above the mud, and threatening to fall into it —as some have done; dirt-besmeared walls and decaying foundations; every repulsive lineament of poverty, every loathsome indication of filth, rot aud garbage;—all these ornament the banks of Folly Ditch. " In Jacob's Island the warehouses are roofless and empty ; the walls are crumbling down; the windows are windows no more; the doors are falling into the street; the chimneys are blackened but they yield no smoke. Thirty or forty years ago, before losses and chancery suits came upon it, it was a thriving place ; but now it is a desolate island indeed. The housed have no owners • they are broken open, and entered upon by those who have the courage, and there they live and there they die. They must have powerful motives for a secret residence, or be reduced to a destitute condition indeed, who seek a refuge in Jacob's Island. " In an upper room of one of these houses—a detached house of fair size, ruinous in other respects, but strongly defended at door and window of which the back commanded the ditch in manner already described—there were assembled three men, who, regarding each other every now and then with looks expressive of perplexity and expecta- tion, sat for some time in profound and gloomy silence. One of these was Toby Crackit, another Mr. Chitting, and the third a robber of fiftyyears, whose nose had been almost beaten in, in some old scuffle, and whose face bore a frightful scar which might probably be traced to the same occasion. This man was a returned transport, and his name was Kags. * * " Whilst the two men sat by in silence with their eyes fixed upon the floor, a pattering noise was heard upon the stairs, and Sikes's dog bounded into the room. They ran to the window, down stairs, and into the street. The dog had jumped in at an open window; he made ne attempt to follow them, nor was his master to be seen. ' What's the meaning of this !' said Tobv, when they had returned. ' He can't be coming here. I—I—hope not.' ' If he was coming here, he'd have come with the dog,' said Kags, stooping down to examine tlie animal, who lay panting on the floor. * * ' Where can he have come from ?' exclaimed Toby, 'He's been to the other kens, of course, and finding them filled with strangers, come on here, where he's been many a time and often. But where can he come from first, and how comes he here alone, without the other:' ' He' (none of them called the murderer by his old name) ' lie can't have made away with himself. What do you think ?' said Chitling. Toby shook his head. * * It being now dark, the shutter was closed, and a candle lighted and placed upon the table. The terrible events of the two days had made a deep impression upon all three, increased by the danger and uncertainty of their own position. They drew their chairs closer to. gether, starting at every sound. They spoke little, and that in whispers, and were as silent and awestricken as if the remains of the murdered woman lay in the next room. They had sat thus some time, when suddenly was heard a hurried knocking at the door below. ' Young Bates,' said Kags, looking angrily round to check the fear he felt himself. The knocking came again. No, it wasn't he. He never knocked like that. Crackit went to the window, and, shaking all over, drew in his. There was no need to tell tliem who it was; his pale face was enough. The dog too was on the alert in an instant, and ran whining to the door. ' We must let him in,' he said, taking up the candle. ' Isn't there any help for it ?' asked the other man, in a hoarse voice. ' None. He must come in,' ' Don't leave us in the dark,' said Kags, taking down a candle from the chimney-piece, and lighting it with such a trembling hand that the knocking was twice repeated before he had finished, Crackit went down to the door, and returned followed by a man with the lower part of his face buried in a handkerchief, and another tied over his head under his hat. He drew them slowly off —blanched face, sunken eyes, hollow cheeks, beard of three days' growth, wasted flesh, short thick breath; it was the very ghost of Sikes. He laid his hand upon a chair which stood in the middle of the room, but shuddering as he was about to drop into it, and seeming to glance over his shoulder, dragged it back close to the wall—as close as it would go—ground it against- it—and sat down. Not a word had been exchanged. He'looked from one to another in silence. If an eye was fur- \ tively raised and met his, it was instantly averted. \ When his hollow voice broke silence, they all three - started, they had never heard its tones before. ' How came that dog here ?' he asked. ' Alone. Three hours ago.' ' To-night's paper says that Fagin's taken. Is it true, or a lie ?' ' Quite true.'. They were silent again. 1 Damn you all,' said Sikes, passing his hand across his forehead. ' Have you nothing to say to m e * * ' Who's that knocking ?' Crackit intimated by a motion of his hand as he left the room that there was nothing to fear, and directly came back with Charley Bates behind him. Sikes sat opposiie the door, so that the m< nunt the boy entered the room he encoun- [ tered his figure. ' Toby,' said the boy, falling I back as Sikes turned his eyes towards him, ' why didn't you tell me this, down stairs V There had been something so tremendous in the shrinking off of the three, that the wretched man was willing to ' propitiate even this lad. Accordingly he nodded said Sikes, stepping forward. Don't you—don't .youknow me?! ' ' Don't come nearer me,' answered the boy, still retreating and looking with horror in his eyes upon the murderer's face. 'You monster,' The man stopped half-way, and they looked at each other ; but Sikes's eyes sunk gradually to the ground. ' Witness you three,' cried the boy, shaking his clenched fist, and becoming more and more excited as he spoke—* Witness you three—I am not afraid of him—if they come here after him, I'll give him up ; I will. I tell you out at once; he may kill me for it if he likes or if he dares, but if I'm here, I'll give him up. I'd give him up if he was to be boiled alive. Murder. Help. If there's the pluck of a man among you three, you'll help me. Murder. Help. Down with him.' Pouring out these cries, and accompanying them with yiolent gesticulation, the boy actually threw himself single-handed upon the strong man, and in the intensity of liis energy and the suddenness of his surprise brought him heavily •to the ground. * • •* The contest, however, was too unequal to last • long. Sikes had him down and his knee was on his throat, when Crackit pulled him back with a look of alarm and pointed to the window. There waere lights gleaming below, voices in loud and earnest conversation, the tramp of hurried footsteps—endless they seemed in number—crossing the nearest wooden bridge. One man on horseback seemed to be among the crowd, for there was the noise of hoofs rattling on the uneven pavement; the gleam of lights increased, the footsteps came more thickly and noisily on. Then came a loud knocking at the door, and then a hoarse murmur from such a multitude of angry voices as would have made the boldest quail. * Help!' shrieked the boy, in a voice that rent the air. 'He's here; he's here. Break down the door. 1 ' In the King's name,' cried voices without ; and the hoarse cry arose again, but louder. * Break down the door,' screamed the boy. ' I tell you they'll never open it. Run straight to the room where the light is. Break down the door.' Strokes thick and heavy rattled upon the door and lower window-shutters as he ceased to speak, and a loud hazza burst from the crowd;—giving the listener, for the first time, some adequate idea of Its immense extent. ' Open the door of some place where I can lock this screeching Hell-babe,' cried Sikes fiercely; running to and fro, and dragging the boy, now, as easily as if he were an empty sack. ' That door. Quick.' He flung him in, bolted it, and turned the key. ' Is the down-stairs door fast ?' » * Of all the terrific yells that ever fell on mortal ears, none could exceed the cry of that infuriated throng. Some shouted to those who were nearest to set the house on fire ; others roared to the officers to shoot him dead. * * Some called for ladders, some for sledge-hammers; some ran with torches^ to and fro, as if to seek them, and still come back and roared again ; some spent their breath in impotent curses and execrations ; some pressed forward with the ecstacy of madmen, and thus impeded the progress of those below; some among the boldest attempted to climb up the water-spout and crevices in the wall; and all waved to and fro in the darkness beneath like a field of corn moved by an angry wind, and from time to time in one loud furious roar. ' The tide,' cried the murderer, as he staggered back into the room, and shut the faces out,, ' the tide was in as I came up. Give me a rope, a lung rope. They're all in front. I may drop into the Folly Ditch, and clear off that way. Give me a rope, or I shall do three more murders, and kill myself at last.' The panic-stricken men pointed to where such articles were kept; the murderer, hastily selecting the longest and strongest cord, hurried up to the house top. All the windows in the rear of the bouse had been long ago bricked up, except one small trap in the room where the boys were locked, and that was too small even for the passage of his body. But from this aperture he had never ceased to call on those without to guard the back, and thus, when the murderer emerged at last on the housetop by the door in the roof, aloud shout proclaimed the fact to those in front, who immediately began to pour round, pressing upon each other in one unbroken stream. He planted a board which he had carried up with him for the purpose so firmly against the door, that it must be matter of great difficulty to open it from the inside, and creeping over the tiles, looked over the low parapet. The water was out. and the ditch a bed of mud. The crowd had been hushed during these few moments, watching his motions, and doubtful of his purpose; but the instant they perceived it, and knew it was befeated, they raised a cry of triumphant execration, to which all their previous shouting had been whispers. * * On pressed the people from the front—on, on, on, in one strong struggling current of angry faces, with here and there a glaring torch to light them up and show them out in all their wrath and passion. The houses on the opposite side of the ditch had been entered by the mob; sashes were thrown up, or torn bodily out; there were tiers on tiers of faces in every window, and cluster upon cluster of people cliuging to-every house-top. Each little bridge (and there were three sn sight) bent beneath the weight of the crowd upon it; aud still the current poured, on, to find some nook or hole from which to vent their shouts, and only for an instant see the wretch. ' They have him now,' cried a man on the nearest bridge. ' Hurrah!' * * At this moment the word was passed amongst the crowd that the door was forced at last, and that he who had first called for the ladder had mounted into the room. The stream abruptly turned as this intelligence ran from mouth to mouth, and the people at the windows, seeing those on the bridges pouring back, quitted their stations, and, running into the street, joined the concourse that now thronged pell-mell to the spot they had left, each man rushing and striving with his neighbour and all panting with impatience to get near the door and look upon the criminal as the officers sudden change with no less rapidity than it occur red, he sprung upon his feet, determined to make one last 'effort for his life by dropping into the ditch, and, at the risk of being stifled, endeavouring to creep away in the darkness and confusion. Roused into new strength and energy, and stimulated by the noise within the house, which announced that an entrance had really been effected, he set his foot against the stack of chimneys, fastened one end of the rope tightly and firmly round it, and with the other made a'strong running noose by the aid of his hands and teeth almost in & second. He could let himself down by the cord to within a less distance of the ground than his own height, and had his knife ready in hand to cut it then and drop. " At the very instant that he brought the loop over his head previous to slipping it beneath his arm-pits, and when the old gentleman before-mentioned (who had clung so tight to the railing of the bridge as to resist the force of the crowd, and retain his position) earnestly warned those about him that the man was about to lower himself down —at that very instant, the murderer looking behind him on the roof, threw his arms above his head, and uttered a yell of terror. ' The eyes again 1' he cried in an unearthly screach. Staggering as if struck with lightning, he lost his balance, and tumbled over the parapet; the noose was at his neck ; it ran up with his weight tight as a bow-string, and swift as the arrow it speeds. He fell for five-and-thirty feet. There was a sudden jerk, a terrific convulsion of the limbs, and there he hung, with the open knife clenched in his stiffening hand. Tiie old chimney quivered with the shock, but stood it bravely. The murderer swung lifeless against the wall, and the boy, thrusting aside the daugling body which obscured his view, called to the people to come and take him out for God's sake.' 