[?] liaisons for subscribing to the XXXTX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland: her Creeds and Confessions of Faith.- -By A Layman. Written for The Sydney Standard. Article XXII L " It is not lawful for any man to take vpon him the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacraments in the congregation, before he be law - Jiilly culled, and sent to execute the same. And those we ought to judge lawfully allied and sent, which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation, to cull and send ministers into the Eoid's vineyard." This 23rd Article is one that requires to be well understood, because the principle established, by it is tlint to which schismatics of all denominations take exception. The principle of the three orders of the ministry is directly involved in the maintenance of this Article, arid not only this, but the legality and illegality of sacred or holy orders itself. I shall first consider the legal principle deter mined by this Article. It commences with say ing, " It is not lawful for any man to luke. upon him the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacraments in the congregation." We sire all aware that nations sprung from families, that is to say, the head of n family becane the chief of a tribe, and tribes, when they ceased to be migratory ami settled down into fixed localities, became nations, The ancient patriarchs, or founders of tribes, fulfilled in their respective families the joint office of civil and spiritual ruler. The first form of Church Government was Theocratic. When this immediate superintendence of the Church militant was withdrawn, the Great Supreme was repre sented as it were by an anointed High Priest, who was by Divine command to he a descendant of one peculiar family. Kingly government ensued , and we find in sacred history that wi(|i the office of the chief civil magistrate was united that of the spiritual ruler. I merely refer to these circum stances to show that a union of Church and Slate was coeval with the formation of civil society, and and that it so existed with the direct sanction of the Most High. The patriarch was, in a temporal sense, the antitype of the sovereign monarch of a nation. An earthly sovereign is, in point of fact, a representative of the great universal sovereign Lord of all. If, (hen, it be the duty- of a parent to provide for the natural wants of his children and depend ants — K, too, it be his duty to train up his chil dren in the way of holiness, so is it the duty of a sovereign to perform the same offices for the larger family, or nation, over which the providence of God hath called him to rule. Upon the breaking up of the Judaic economy, a sort of interregnum ensued ; Christianity was not em braced in the palace until the reign of Constan- tine, who immediately assumed the supreme temporal government of the church ; and even tually the prophesy respecting the Church was literally fulfilled — kings became the nursing fathers, and queens the nursing mothers. Under the legal dispensation, although the Jewish sovereign discharged the duty of guardian of the Church, he did not intermeddle with ecclesiastical affairs, as n priest. The office of' priest wns hereditary in one family, the tribe of Levi. Christiun monaruhs, in like manner, do not assume a right to minister in holy tilings, though in their capacity of temporal guardians of (lie Church they exercise their inherent right of making appointments, &c.; In England, the monarchy is limited ; and, consequently, the powers of the sovereign are defined. A British sovereign is the principal executive officer; in legislation he is limited to a veto — for in legislation, sovereignty, or sovereign power, is virtually exercised by three independent parties. The sovereign, the peers, and the com mons. The three estates, in their corporate capacity, confer upon the sovereign certain powers and prerogatives to be exercised and employed for the benefit of the body politic ; and one of those prerogatives is that which constitutes the sovereign the chief civil or temporal head of the Church — but here, tqo, the sovereign is hut an executive officer. The sovereign cannot alter or amend anything in the constitution of the Church. The canons, the formularies, the creeds, and confessions of the Anglican Catholic Church were agreed tq by the two estates in parliament assembled, and ratified by tlio sovereign. The three estates then, have fixed and determined the constitution of the Church, and tiiat con stitution decides, that " It is not lawful fur any man to take upon him the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacraments in the cogregniion;" in the foregoing argument, I have endeavoured to show that a union of Church and State is not a modern principle. I have also endeavoured to show, that it has not only been the practice of former ages to invest the head of the state with executive authority in matters purely ecclesiastical ; but by a familiar annlogy, I lijive endeavoured to show that, in essential points, the duty of a father of a family, and the duty of a chief ruler of a slate, arc identically the same. I have now to show that the constitution of the Anglican Catholic Church is, in every thing essential, in strict conformity with the principles and precepts of the Gospel : for were it impos sible to prove this point, however sound Rod just the foregoing argument may be, its weight and authority would lie entirely worthless. I hold it to be an imperative duty to sntisfy my own con science of the purity as well as of the legality of the communion to vyhich I belong and to whose authority I voluntarily bow. The Anglican Church maintain three distinct prdcrs of ministers — bishops, 'priests, and deacons, and the question is not whether t|u>se three orders are useful, or convenient, or expedient, but whether there is a Scriptural warrant for them; if there is, then it is obvious that no church is a true church that rejects the three orders; and by ii parity of reasoning, if it' can be proved (hat Scripture affords no warrant for the three orders, then that church that doe maintain them must be in error. ' If Scripture does not clehr|y and distinctly prove that t|te three orders djd exist ip the days (if t|ie Apostles, with their sanction, gitd by their expre» authority, then I say np defence can be made lor the pertinacity with which the Anglican Church adheres to her present consti tution. I contend that there are three distinct orders in the Christian ministry clearly revealed in Scripture, and (hut the highest exercised autho rity over the other two. There is what St. Paul terms " the office of a deacon, " and what he terms the office of a bishop," and then there is that office which \v;\s exercised by Timothy ; to avoid ambiguity I shall call these three orders by l|ie term bishop, priest, and deacon.. The turn first orders of the ministry a re npt ao much the cause of dispute hetvyeen Episcopalians ami non- Episcopalians a the third or highest order, which wc of the Episcopal Church terra bishop. Dissenters or noil-Episcopalians arc perfectly correct in saying that a priest is an elder, presbyter, or bishop; equally true is it that the term presbyter or elder is. used in the apostolic writings as ' synonymous with the terra bishop or overseer, the literal meqqing of the word in the original applies as much 19 an over- irhiwumhw ahumii 1 jui 11 1 1 lunaiiuati ' » "-we seer of a herd of cattle as to a community of religionists, but by us it is only meant 10 signify a spiritual officer or minister of religion. In the apostolic age, doubtless, every elder was to all intents and purposes a bishop to the community or church to whom he was appointed to minister, but it would he difficult to prove that every congregational bishop or . elder exercised the same power that was committed to the hands of Timothy by the Apustle Paul. St. Paul, in Ill's Epistle to the Epliesians, tells the elders to take heed to nil the (lock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers ; but that these said overseers or Bishops were not Bishops in the sense in which we now use that term, is obvious, from the circumstance of the Apostle's sending Timothy to exercise the office of Bishop over them and their Church, which he would have had no pretext for doing, had Timothy only possessed thp ordinary powers of an Elder or Presbyter, " The Elders which are among you I exhort, who ain also an elder — feed the flock of God which is among you («7rtoKojrouyrec), taking the oversight thereof, or bishoping over them"' (1 Peter v. 1, 2). In this, as in the former passage, the Elders are termed Bishops, but Bishops simply a respected their flock, not in respect to other Bishops or Elders; but Timothy and, Titus were Bishops over Bishops, having full authority to ordain Elders over the Churches. The Apostles Peter and Paul were Elders as well as Apostles ; they were elders not only over their respective congregations, but over the Eiders of other congregations : Timothy and Titus had their own congregations there is 110 reason to doubt, hut lltey, nevertheless, were given execu tive authority over those who were simply con gregational Eiders or Bishops. The Bishops of the Anglican Catholic Church do not presume to the duties of Apostlesliip, but lltey claim the authority exercised by the two first uninspired Bishops — a right which has descended as other offices do. Titus, Timothy, Clement, Ignatius, Polycarp, Irenaus, and others whose names are familiar to all who have studied ecclesiastical history, exercised precisely the same powers in the Church of those days, that our diocesan Bishops do in the present day. I shall not quarrel about names -all that I contend for is, that in the days of the Apotttles there were three orders of uninspired ministers, which we now distinguish by the terms — Bishop, Priest, and Deacon. The next feature in this article strikes at the root of dissenting ordination. Dissenters main tain, that in the congregation is vested the right of choosing and appointing the minister, elder, or bishop, and the fact of a majority of fellow- communicants agreeing to elect one individual to become tltejr pastor, ipso facto, entitles that in dividual to ordination. The Church of England denies that there is any warrant in Scripture for this principle. In the next number I shall en deavour to show that the Anglican Church has reason, revelation, and primitive practice, on her side. 