The Painter's Bargain. Communicated by Micfaiel Angelo Tilmarsh, Esq., to the Editor of Frazer's Magazine, and slightly remodelled. Simon Gambouge was the son of Solomon Gnmhouge, and as all llie world knows, both father ami son were astonishingly clever fellows in their profession. Solomon painted landscapes that nobody bought, and Simon, who took a higher line, painted poitrails to admiration, only noljody came to sit to him. As lie was not gaining five pounds a-year liy his professi"n, and had arrived at the age of twenty, Pinion determined to better himself ! y taking a wife, a planwli ch oilier wise men adopt, in similar ve;.rs and circumstances. So Simon prevailed upon a IJutcher's daughter (to whom he owed a consideiable turn for cutlets) to quit the meat shop, and lollow him. Griskiniska, such was the lair creature's name, wis a lovely hit cf million, her father said, (who spoke in the figurative language of the butcher) as ever a man would wish to look at. She had sat to the painter in all sorts of characters, and the curious who possess any of Gambouge's pictures, will see htr as Vvnus, M inerva, Medona, and numberless others. Portrait of a Lady, Griskiniska ; Slei-ping Nymph, without a rag of cloihes, lying in a forest, Griskiniska ; Maternal Solicitude, Giiskiniska again, willi young •Master Gnmhouge, who was by this time the offspring of their affections. The lady brought the paiuter a handsome little fortune of a couple of hundred pounds, and so long as ibis sum lasted, no woman could be more lovely or loving, but want began speedilv to attack their little household; bakers bills werc"unpaid, rent was due, and the reckless landlord gave no quarter, and to crown the whole, the father, unnntural butcher, suddenly stopped the supplies of muttonchops, and swore 1 hi t Ins daughter ami the dauber, her husband, should have no more of his wares. At first they embraced tender y, and kissing and crying over their little infant, vowed lo Heaven that tliey would do without ; but in the course of the evening Giiskiniska grew peckish, and poor Simon pawned his best coat. When this habitofpawningisdiscovered, it appears to the poor a sort of Eldorado. Gambouge and his wife were so delighted, that they in llie course ol a month, made aw ,y with her gold chain, her great warming-pan, his best cr.mson plush inexpressibles, two ivigs, a wash- hand basin and ewer, fire irons, window curtains, crockery, and arm chairs. Griskiniska said, smiling, that she had found a second father in her uncle—a base pun, which showed.that her mind was corrupted, and that she was no longer the tender Giiskiniska uf former days. 1 am sorry to say, tl.at she had taken to drinking, she swallowed the warming- pan in three days, and fuddled herself one whole tveuing with the crimson plush breeches. Drinking is the Devil—the father, that is to say, of all vices. Gnskimska's face and her mind grew ugly together, her good humour changed to bilious hitter discontent, her pretty fond epithets to foul abuse, and swearing, her blue eyes grew watery and blear, aid the pencil colour on her cheeks fled from its old habitation anil crowded up into iter nose, where, with a number of pimples, it stuck fast for ever. Add lo this, a dirty draggle tail'd chintz gown, long matt'd hair wandering into her eyes and over her lean shoulders, and you have the picture of drunkenness, and of Mrs. Simon Gambouge. Poor Simon, who had been a gay lively fellow enouuh in the days of his better fortune, was completely cast down by his present ill luck, and cow'd by the ferocity of his wife. From morning till night, the neighbours could hear this woman's tongue, and undeistand her doings ; bellows went skimming across the room, chairs were plutnp'd down on the floor, and poorGambouge'soil and ihc varnish pots weni clattering through t!.e windows. The baby roard all day, and Simon sat pale and idle in a corner, taking a small sup at the brandy bottle when Mrs Gainbnuge was out of the way. One day as he sat disconsolately at his easel, furbishing up a portrait of his wife, in the character of Peace", which henad commenced a year before, he was more than ordinarily desperate, and he cursed and swore in a most pathetic manner. "Oh, miserable fate of genius," cried he,"was I, a man of such commanding talenis, born for this'! to be bullied by a fiend of a wife—io have my masterpieces neglected by the world, and said for a few pieces? Cursed be the love which has misled me—cursed he the art which is unworthy of me. Lei me dig or steal—lei me sell myself as a soldier—or sell myself to the Devil, I should noi be more uncomfortable than I am now." "Quite the contrary," cried a small clieeiy voice. " What!" exclaimed Gambouge, trembling and surprised, " who's there—whereare you—who are youspeiking to ?" Gambouge held in his left hand his pallette, in his right a bladder of crimson lake which he was about to squeeze out upon llie mahogany, " where are you?' he cried out again. " S-q-u- e-e-z-e," exclaimed the little voice. Gambouge picked out the nail from the bladder, and gave a squeeze, when, as sure as this is truth, a little imp spirted out from the hole on lothe palette, and began laughino- in the most singular and oily manner. When firstborn, lie was little bigger than a tadpole, then he giew to be as big ae a mouse, then be arrived at the size of a cat, and ihen he jump'd off the palette, and turning head over heels, asked the painter what lie wanted with him? » • • • » Tlie strange little animal twisted head over heels, and fixed himsels at last upon the top of Gambouge's easel, smearing out with his heels and tail, all the white and vermilliun which had just been hid on to the allegoric portrniLol Airs. Gambouge. " What!" said Simon, "is it the 1" " Exactly so, talk ol me you know, and T am always at hand ; besides, I am not half so blsck as 1 am painted, as you will see, when you know me a little better." " Upon my word," said the painter, " it is a very singular surprise you have given me. To 'ell the truth, 1 did not even believe in your existence." The little imp put on a theatrical appearance, and with one ot Macready's best looks, said—" There are more things in Heaven and Eurlli, Gamboiueo, than is dn-amed of in your philosophy." Gambouge, In ing a Frenchman, did not understand the quotation, but felt somehow strangeiy and singularly interested in the conversation of his new fri-nd. Diabolus continued, "you area man of merit, and want money—vou will siaive on your merit, you can get money from me. Come, my friend, how much is it ? I ask the easiest interest in the world, old Mordecai, the usurer, has made you pay twice as heavily before now, nothing but ihe signature of a bond, which is a mere form, anil the liansler of an article, w hich is in itself a mere supposition, a valueless, windy, uncertain propeity of your's, called by some poet of your own, I think, an animula, vagula, blandula, bah, there's no use beating about the bush—1 mean, a soul. Come, let me have it, you know you will sell it some way or other, and not get *>uch good pay for your bargain." And having made this speech, tiie Devil pu led out of his lob a sheet as big as a double London Times, only there was a different stamp in the corner. It is useless and tedious to describe law Jo< uraents, lawyers only love lo read them, and they have as good in Chilly, as any that are to be found in the Devil's own, so nobly have the apprentices emulated the skill of their great master, f-ulhce it tlnntosay, that poor Gambouge signed the pap. r. lie was to have ali he wished lor-even years, and at tlie end ol ihat time, he was to become the property of the Provided always, that duiing llie said seven years, every single wish which lie might form should be gratified by the other parly, otherwise the died was to become null and void, and in that case, Gambouge should be left to go to llie devil his own way. "Vou will never see me again," said Diabolus, shaking hands with poor Simon, on who^c fingers he left su.li a mark as may be seen to this day ; " never, at least, •unless you want me, for everything you ask will be done in llie most quiet anil everyday manner; believe me it is best and niostoemlemanlike,and avoids anything like scandal; but if you set me ahout anything exlraordinaiy, or out ot the course of nature, as it were, come 1 must, you know, and of this you are the best jud-e." So saying, Diabolus disappeared, but whether up the chrmney, through the key-hole, or by any other contrivance, nobody knows. Simon Gambouge was left in a fever of delight, as Heaven forgive me, I believe, many a worthy man would be, if he were allowed an opportunity for making a similar bargain. " Heigho !" said .Simon, " 1 wonder whether this be the rea lty, or a dream? I am sober, I know, for who will give me credit for the means to be othei wise, and as lor sleeping, lam too hungry for thai. I wish I could see a capon and a bottle of while wine." " Monsieur Simon," cried a voice on the landing-place. "C'estici," quoth Gambouge, hastening to open the door. He did so, and lo, there was a restaurateur's boy at the door, supporting a Iray, a tin-cover'd dish, and plates on the same, and by its side, a tall amber-color'd flasn ol Sauterne. " I am the new boy," exclaimed the youth on entering, " but I believe this is the right door, and you asked for these things." Simon gnnn'd, and said, " Certainly, I did ask for these things." And such was llie effect of his interview with the Demon on his innocent mind, that he look them, although he knew that they were for old Simon, the Jew dandy, who wasmad after an Opera girl, and lived on the floor below. "Go. my boy," he said, " it is good, call in a couple of hours, and take away llie plates and glasses." (The tale as told by Mr. Titmarsh, then goes on to show how Simon pawned the plale at his old friend the pawnbroker's,and with the proceeds immediately alterwards won twelve thousand pounds at a gamine table, with which he very honestly paid for the dinner, and then for the plate also. Our readers must undeistand, that Simon having now become rich, became also abuudantly moral—he was a most exemplaty father—he fed ihe poor, and scorned a base action. We have no doubt, that Mr. Thurtell, or the late lamented Mr. Greenacre himself, if so situated, would have also acted as did Mr. Simon Gambouge, the painter, whose history by Mr Titmarsh, we are thus unfoitunately obliged to abridge, it being too long for our Tasmanian columns.) Well, there was but one blot upon his character, he hated Mrs. Gambouge worse than ever. As he grew more violent, she grew more virulent, when he went to plays, she went to bible societies, and vice versa, in fact she led him such a lile as Xantippe led Socrates, or as a dog leads a cat, in the same kitchen. Willi all his fortune, for as may be supposed, Simon prospered in all worldly things, he was the most miserable dog in the whole city of Paris. Only on the point of diinking did Mrs. Gambouge and himself agree, and lor several years, and for a considerable number ol hours of each day, lie thus dissipated partially his chagrin. Oh, Philosophy, we may talk of thee, but except at the bottom of the wine cup. where thou liest like truth in a jvell, where shall we find thee ? He lived so well, and his wordly matters prospered so much, there was so little sign of devilment in his wishes, and in the increase of his prosperity, that Simon, at the end of six years, be gan to doubt whether he had made any such bargain as that which we described at the commencement of this history. He had grown, as we lia-e said, very pious and moral. He went regularly lo mass, and had a confessor into the bargain. He resolved, therefore, to consult tiial reverend gentleman, and to lay before him the whole matter. " I am inclined, Holy Sir," said Gambouge, after he had concluded his confession, and shown how in some miraculous way all his desires were accomplished, " that alter all, this Demon was no other than the creation of my own brain, heated with the effects of that bot- tle of wiue.the cause of m y crime, and my prosperity." The confessor agreed will) him, and they walked out of church very comfortably together, and then entering a Caje, tlity sat down to refresh themselves after the fatigues of their devotions. A respectable looking old gentleman, with a number of orders to the buttol holes of his coat, presently entered the room, and sauntered up to the table before which reposed Simon, and his clerical friend. •< Excuse me, gentlemen," he said, as lie took a place opposite to them, and began reading the paper of the day. " Bah !" said he at last. " Look, Sii," lie said, handing over.an immense sheet of the London Tim's to Mr. Gambouge " was ever anything so monstrous ?" Simon smiled politely, and examined the proffered page. " It is enormous," said he, " bnt 1 do not read English." " Nay," said the man with the orders, " look closer at it, Air. Gambouge, it is astonishing how easy th« language is." Wondering, Simon tonk the sheet of paper. He lurned pale as he looked at it, and began to abuse the waiter, and the ices. Come, Monsieur I Abbe, lie said, "the heat and glare of this place is intolerable.' • * • • The stranger rose w ill, them. " Au plaisir de vous revoir, mon cher Monsieur, said he, I do not mind speaking belore the Abbe here, who is my very good friend, but 1 thought it necessary to Tefresh your memory' concerning our little business transaction six years since, and could not exactly talk about it at church, as you may fancy." Simon Gambouge had seen in the double-sheeted London Times, the paper signed by himself * when the » Devil pull'd » it out of • his fob, (There was no doubt about it, so Simon, who had hut. a year lo live, of course gr.-w more moral and pious than ever.) himon's magnificence grew as wearisome lo him as his poverty ever had been, and not one of the doctors whom he con-ulted, could give him one pennyworth of consolation* However, one day his contessor came bounding into the room with the greatest glee. " My friend," said he, "I have it. Send ihe Pope a hundred thousand ciowns, build a new Jesuit's college at Rome, give a hundred golden candlesticks to St. Peter's, anil tell His Holiness you will double all if he will give you absolution." Gambouge caught at the notion, and hurried off a i-ourier to R:ime._ His Holiness agreed to the proposition, and sent him an absolution written out with his own fist, and in all due form. "Now," cried he, " foul fiend, I defy thee—,irise Diabolus, your contract is not worth a jot—the Pope has absolved me, and 1 am all right, hurrah !" In a fervour of gratitude lie clasp'.l the band of his professor, and embraced him ; tears of joy ran down the cheeks of both iliese good men. Presently there was heard an inordinate roar of laughter, and there was the Devil sitting opposite to them, holding his sides, and lashing his tail about as if he would have gone right mad with glee. " Why," said lie, "what nonsense is this? do you suppose 1 care about that?" and he toss'd away the Pope's absolution. " M. l'Abbe knows," lie snid, bowing and grinning, "that though ihe Pope's paper may pass current here, it is not worth twopence in our country. What do I care about the Pope's absolution ? you might just as well be absolved by your under butler." " Egad," said the confessor, " the rogue's right, I quite forgot the facts, which however be points out, clearly enough." " No, no, Simon Gambouge," continued the Devil, with horrid familiarity, " go thy ways, old fellow, that cock won't fight," and away he went, up the chimney, chuckling at his wit, and his triumph. Gambouge heard his tail scuttling all the way up, as if he had been a regular sweep, by profession. Simon was now left in that condition of grief, in which, according to newspapers, cities and nations are found when a dreadful murder is committed, or a King, or a Lord knows who, is ill ol the gout, a situation, we say, which is more easy to imagine, than to describe- To add to his woes, Mrs. Gambouge, who was now first made acquainted with his contract, and its probable consequences, raised such a storm about h s ears, as made him wish that bis seven years had expired. There was no ti. ket-of-leave to be had from her, at no price. She screain'd, she scolded she swore, she wept, she went into such fits of thorough-bred fashionable hysterics, that poor Simon, who had completely knock'd under to her, was fairly, or rather moot unfairly, worn out of his life. Gladly would lie have tried the social system, but it was no go. Mrs. Simon had nothing social about her, so she allowed him no rest, djy or night; he wandered about his fine solitary home like a dismal, but well-fed ghost, with a cigar in his mouth ; he cursed his stars, and lamented in Ihe deepest misery of grief, that he had ever married a butcher's daughter. It wanted six months of the time. A sudden and desperate resolution seem'd all at once to have taken pus-ession of Simon Gambouge. H called his family and friends together, he gave one of the greatest feast tint nad ever been given in Pari3 —lie gaily presided at one end of the table, whilst Mrs. Gambouge gave herself fashionable airs at the other extremity. After dinner, using the customary formula, he called upon Diabolus to appear. The old lad ies screimed, and hoped he wou'd not appear naked—the young ones tittered, and longed lo see the monster—every one was pale with expectation and affright. A very quiet, gentleman y man, neatly dressed in black, made his appuar.ince, to the surprise of all present, and bowed all round to the company. " I will not show ray credentials," he said, blushing and pointing to his hoofs, which were very cleverly bidden by his pumps and shoe buckles, "unless the ladies absolutely wi-li it, but 1 am the person yon want, Mr. Gambouge, pray tell me what is your will V " You know," said thai gentleman, in a stately determined voice, " that you are bound to me accoiding to our agreement, for six months to come." " T am," rejoined llie new comer. Vou are to do all I ask, whatsoever it may be, or you forfeit the bond which I gave you?" " It is true." " You declare this befoie the present company?" " Ujjon my honor, as a gentleman," said Diabolus, bowing, and laying his hand upon his waistcoat. A whisper of applause ran round the room, for all were pleased with the bland manner of the fascinating stranger. "My love," continued Mr. Gambouge addressing his lady, " will you be so polite as to step tliis way ? you know I must go soon, and I am anxious before this noble company, to make a provision for one, who in sickness as in hi-allh, in poverty as in riches, has been my truest, and fondest companion." Gam- bouge mopp'd his eyes with his while cambric pocke han(ikerchief, «.nd ail the company, of course, out of politeness, HiJ the fiame. Dialio'us sighed heavily, and Mrs. Gamboutfe sidled up to her husband, and took him affectionately by the hand. " Simon," said gbe, tenderly, " and do you really love your Gri-kiniska ?" Simon continued solemnly, Come hillier Diabolus, yon are bound to obey me in all things for the six months during which our contract has to run _take thee Griskiniska Gambouge, live a'.one with her for half a year, never leave her from morning till night, obey all her caprices, follow all her whiins, and listen to all the abuse that fa'ls from her infernal tongue. Do this, and 1 ask no more of you, I will deliver myself at the appointed time." Not Lord Glenelg when woke from his sleep by the news of the outbreak in Lower Canaila. not Grimaldi, in his most pathetic passages at Astley's Amphitheatre, could look mote crest-falle i, ami howl more piteously, than Diabolus did now. " Take another year, Gambouge," scream'd he, " two more, ten more, a century, roast me on Lawrence's gridiron, boil me in holy water, place me before the Council of Van Piemen's Land to urge the merits of the Issue Bill, but don't ask that, don't, don't bid me live with Mrs. Gambouge." Simon smiled sternly. " I have said it," said he, " do tlr.s, or our contract is at an end." The Devil at thisgrinn'd so horridly, that every drop of beer in the house turned sour, he gnashed his tieih to frightfully, that every person in the company well nigh fainted away with the oliolic. Down lie slapp'd the great parchment upon the flour, trampled upon ii madly, and then he. lashed it with his hoofs and his tail. At last, spreading out a pair of wings as wide as the Mediterranean Sea, he sljpp'd Gambouge with his tail right over the eye, and then he vanished. • • • • Gambouge scream'd with pain and started up. " You drunken lazy scoundrel," shieked a shrill, and well- known voice, " you have been asleep these four hours"—here he received another terrific box 011 the ear. It was loo true—poor fellow—he had fallen asleep at his work, and the heautilul vision had been dispelled by the clumsy thumps ot the tipsy Griskiniska—the butcher's daughter. " 1 wish," said the poor fellow, rubbing his tingling cheeks, " that dreams were true," and on he went again at the portrait. 