WE have so often and so pressingly, yet so entirely in vain endeavored to obtain from the Government the throwing open, at least to the wives of the respectable Colonists, the doors of that terrible prison, seated in the very bosom of " the valley of the shadow of death," the Female Factory, that unspeakably desirable as was the object, we had given it up in despair. We find, however, in the last Colonial Times, a very well written article, stated to be from a correspondent, and evidently from one possessed of tolerably good information as respects the sentiments of the exalted person referred to, in which considerable light is thrown upon the causes of the unwillingness of the Government to sanction this right, which nevertheless (as in the case of the " 1st resolution, ') would be accepted as a " boon."— We find what we have for so many years insisted upon and reprobated to the best of our ability, (powerfully aided as we have been, by the principles so unanswerably urged by Captain Maconochie in his admirable essay upon the evils of excessive punishment,) that the only exhibition to be found there is the extreme of suffering, reform being little thought of—punishment alone regarded. Grateful indeed are we to the Colonial Times for the able and convincing manner in which this frightful system is denounced, even if our contemporary is the vehicle alone of the able individual from whom the denouncement emanates. What must not be the nature of the system in practice at that dreadful abode of wretchedness and death, when Lady Franklin, who has shrunk not from encountering the utmost personal hardships in a journey across a wilderness, scarcely before passed by the European foot, in the pursuit of science, and in the cause of the improvement of the human race, yet is unable to "minister peace to the wounded heart" from the impossibility which exists of attempting that God-like purpose, without having her own heart wounded by the exhibition of human suffering which would present itself? Can the government then hesitate to interpose the first of the divine attributes, mercy, when the appeal to its feeling is so powerfully made ? Can it hesitate to re- move the obstacle to the visits of women to suffering women, when the first woman in the land, is unable to obey the dictates of her heart, from the frightful prevailing system of punishment, too appalling for her to venture even to become, by witnessing, acquainted with? With so admirable a text before us, as the passage in the Colonial Times, which has produced this notice, we shall not fail to return again to the interesting subject, with at least renovated zeal. Lady Franklin may, we believe that she does, take a warm interest in the Female Orphan School; but it may be doubted whether her very frequent visits, or interference with it, would be very salutary. The business of education requires consecutive thought and action, which cannot be so bestowed; and wherever we have seen such Seminaries become the pet nurselings of great people, we have always seen their order, discipline, and proficiency correspondingly interrupted. She may also take a warm interest in the treatment of the female lunatics at New Norfolk; yet it seems scarely possible to conceive a sphere in which extraneous kindness and sympathy can have less scope, than where the treatment must be peculiarly under medical superintendence, and the slightest irregularity may be seriously prejudicial. And she may frequently visit the Female Factory; but to what possible useful purpose ? Were moral improvement an object there, then indeed we could wish to see respectable females of all classes crowding to it and striving to aid in its more regular ministration in speaking peace to wounded hearts, and restoring self-respect and confirming their good resolutions. But when its only exhibitions are the extremes of vice and suffering,—and it is thought wisdom to make these the only companions—and reform is little thought of,—and punishment alone regarded, what lady can visit it with profit to herself or to others? What part is she to play? Is she to sympathise with the punishment, or with the rebound against it ? Had Lady Franklin visited the Female Factory ever so often, or watched it ever so narrowly, could she have materially improved its management? Could she by any means, have made it what it ought to be, a Magdalen management? Impossible! The leaden sceptre lies too heavy over the whole existing system of convict management, to be partially removed ; its objects are low, and they cannot be partially elevated. The best intentions would be thrown away in the attempt. It is of " the earth, earthly ;" —and as regards moral effect, is not to be improved by casual influence from whatsoever quarter. To be reformed it must be re-created. WE have shewn one instance of the oppression and injustice, exercised by that most unconstitutional of all possible judicial tribunals, the Executive Council. We stated in our last that we should draw attention to another instance where a similar arbitrary course produced equally injurious consequences. We advert to this case upon public grounds alone. We are not the partizan of either party; and in order to avoid the possibility of being so considered, we shall forbear to mention names. We shall exhibit the case before us, as another instance of the exercise of power without authority, strongly illustrating Lord Durham's demonstration of those incubi upon the colonies, and shewing how inconsistent they are with that security to liberty and property which it is the great duty of all governments to place upon the firmest basis. The facts of the case we refer to, are, we believe, substantially as follow:—A, having been for thirty years in possession of a piece of land, agrees to sell, but does not convey, a portion of it to B, retaining his original possession, qualifiedly of the whole, but absolutely of his own reserved portion ; B, having expended several thousands of pounds in improvements of the portion purchased by him, a claimant, C, starts up, who not only never had a moment's possession of one single inch of the land, so long (as we have said thirty years) possessed by A, but whose claim itself was of origin antecedent to that long possession, never having, during that entire period, urged it in any judicial manner, or taken any legal proceedings whatever to establish it. A, by his representatives, adopts the usual proceedings for a Grant Deed, and his claim is advertised in the usual manner. Against this claim C lodged a caveat. And now comes a most extraordinary and to us wholly unintelligible portion of this strange case. A, the applicant for the Grant Deed, is not called upon by the Commissioners, (not the present board,) to support his claim, but by some hocus pocus, some thimble-rig operations, B, whose right is only beneficial, having no conveyance, and therefore no absolute title to exhibit, is made to slip in the place of A, and is by the Commissioners either called upon or permitted to contest the title to the land against C's Caveat, without the slightest notice whatever to A, the original claimant, the only one indeed, who could establish a right to the premises, that right being the very indefeasible one, thirty years undisturbed possession. It is not our purpose to enter upon the conduct of the Commissioners in this certainly very extraordinary proceeding, neither to refer to the occurences which induced them to decide in favor of C. It is sufficient to say they did so, and reported secretly accordingly to the grand secret inquisition, the Executive Council. We repeat whatever our opinion of all this may be, we forbear to touch it, because it is matter much more of private, than of public consideration. Not so what followed, the proceedings of the secret inquisition upon the secret report. Before we come to these, there is however a part of the course adopted by the Commissioners, (it is right again to say we refer not to the present board) admitting nevertheless, that the late Commissioners only acted in accordance with the then existing system over which they had no control, but of which the present Commissioners, highly to their honor, have effected the entire abrogation, which was of the deepest public interest. We refer to the reporting in secret, to the secret inquisition, without either of the parties concerned being permitted to have the slighest knowledge either of the decision itself, or of any modifications with which it might have been accompanied, or of the grounds upon which it was arrived at, or of any one single point or circumstance connected with it. The same dark, truly inquisitorial course being pursued by the Executive Council, sitting, be it recollected in a judicial capacity of Supreme jurisdiction, its decrees, Mede and Persian, as being irrevocable—Fez and Morocco, as being despotic. The firman thus determined upon under the darkest of shrouds, (its grounds not only unknown but as we more particularly shewed in the case which we lately brought forward, when information thereon was humbly solicited, the applicant was told in a voice of thunder, " they shall not be given,") is first made known to A, by receiving a notice to quit—to quit his own reserved portion of the land thirty years in his possession, that portion which had never been legally in contention, forming no part of the claim of B, on which he had, some twenty years before been born, on which he lived, and had lived, and his right to which had never been brought under the consideration of the Commissioners, at least so far as he knew, for he had never been heard before them, or required by them to be heard in support of his right to his property on which he lived - had lived—had been born, as before stated, but which was thus summarily taken away from him by a measure, the despotic injustice of which we think we may safely say is unparalleled ! Upon this, the first information received by him of being deprived of his home, he enquires, and we need not say he is thunderstruck to find, that a Grant has issued to C, under which he is to be ejected from the roof of his own erection, covering the spot of his birth! And this by a claimant who had never expended one shilling upon the land, who had indeed never been for one single moment in possession of one yard thereof! That the issue of a grant, including the portion of the land reserved by A, could never have been intended by the Commissioners, whatever might have been their intention (arising out of some agreement made or intended to be made between B and C,) as to the land sold by A to B, cannot be supposed possible. But the " deed being done," the only means of redress open to A were to address himself to the great secret supreme, and exhibiting the mistake, or the something worse, under which a grant of his property, his title to which had never been, as far as he was called upon to defend it, brought in question, had been issued to another, prostrating himself to the earth, to implore in all genuflecting humility of their darknesses, in their mercy, (it would be out of the question to mention the word justice) to permit him the means of being heard before his little property was taken from him, the only means by which he could be enabled to shew the great wrong which had been done him, and thereby, in so far as might be possible, to redress it. It would occur to ordinary reasoners that any tribunal professing to dispense justice, would have hastened to afford him the small modicum thereof which he sought. He asked not of the Council for any, the slightest ex- pression of opinion in his favor—he asked only, that not having been heard in his own defence, an opportunity might be afforded him of being so heard, before he was deprived of the roof of his nativity, from which he would otherwise be expelled, turned forth with his family, destitute—the world before him, to seek shelter where he could find it ! So moderate a supplication as this, it would be supposed impossible, almost in common humanity, that its could be refused. Yet it has not been accorded! The inquisition would seem to say, " We do not deny that you have been despoiled unheard, but the spoliation having been made, we never recede. Our decrees are despotic—they are irrevocable." Is not then every word of Lord Durham's denouncements of those worst of colonial evils, Executive Councils, abundantly borne out by the above relation? Would Sir John Franklin, did he rule by his own publicly avowed decisions, upon his own sole and undivided responsibility, think even of such a course? Would he have hesitated a moment in granting all that the poor man before us humbly solicited—that he might be heard, before he was deprived of his all!—that all being the little dwelling in which he came into this world of sorrows, to be possessed by a stranger—that whose claim thereto should be submitted to legal investigation, himself defending himself, being all he sought! Comment upon this would weaken the intensity of feeling with which every Englishman must contemplate such an exercise of worse than " Turkey or Persia" despotism !! Iterum—Iterumque—Crispinus! Again and again does the Advertiser labour to work impossibilities! Heavy indeed is the burden with which he is laden, and sorely does it oppress him. Alone, of the WHOLE Press, he works his weary way in sorry solitude. Her Majesty the Queen's opposition to measures declared by no less authority than the Solicitor- General, (afterwards par excellence, ad interim Attorney-General) to be " illegal, unconstitutional, and unjust," to the honor of the loyalty of the great "fourth estate," comprehends every Journal in the Colony, the Advertiser solitarily excepted. What must not be the course of any " Government," as to which the voice of the " governed" is so decidedly expressed ? Yet does the Queen's opposition admit fully that Her Majesty's representative is an honest, upright, man, trusting to his own good intentions, believing that the measures proposed to him for adoption originate in the same, but forgetting that there is a certain place, the pavement of which is said to be so composed. Heavy, laboriously heavy indeed, is the burthen carried by the Advertiser. His super-grandiloquent account of the "general invitation" assembly has been crucified by a contemporary; and his attempt of Friday to refute the law-leader of his "little," oh ! how truly so, official party, not even the segment of a section extending beyond it, shews how he totters under his weight. A very few wards are sufficient as to this. We supposed in our last, at the suggestion of an old and valued friend and correspondent, " that the Government, actuated by the same financial pressure which induced the distillation measures, should adopt the same " prohibition" course as to the traders in spirits which it has as to the manufacturers. The Advertiser replies, not by answering the suppositious case we gave, but by supposing one of his own. He supposes the importation by the merchants of a prohibited article ; in other words direct smuggling ; and then asks, should the merchants be compensated for the prohibition of such a trade ? The poor Advertiser! What must not be his distress, when he is reduced to such a pitiful shift as this ? Why, what occasion would there be for prohibitory laws, or " Issue Bills," to prohibit that which is prohibited already—seizable—confiscable the very attempt at which is punishable, by heavy, not expired, but existing, pains and penalties ? Was distillation so? Was it prohibited? The Solicitor-Attorney General was at some pains to prepare himself to prove from the very highest authority of "the books," abundantly at his hand in his ample and admirable library, that the attempt to prohibit ANY lawful calling to which an Englishman should think proper to turn his attention, was " illegal, unconstitutional," unjust of course, and could not be. He expressed with the fullest certainty that any attempt to effect such aii'unlawful purpose would be scouted by the law officers of the Crown in England. The proofs the learned gentleman adduced of this, were to the " most conclusively satisfactory extent. But that question, decided as it will be by the first arrival, is entirely without the position the Advertiser had taken, which has not the very ghost of a shadow of analogy with either the actual case of the distillers' or the rectifiers' cases we presented for consideration last week. If the Advertiser will have the goodness not to shift—to adhere to those cases—even jet them be, if lie will, entirely devoid of bearing upon the Issue Bill;—let him liaw the goodness to take them as lie finds them—to say whether or not such a course adopted by any Gom-nment in any country, would not be to every possible extent the words can convey— illegal, unconstitutional, and unjust. Let the Advertiser we say. be so kind as to take this as his " experimentum cruris," we shall have no difficulty in proving to the satisfaction of every (convinceable) reader that the analogy with the distillation case is perfect and complete. The Advertiser persists in his vindication of the Government rendering the " Issue Bill" applicable only to the distillers—not to the rectifiers. Surely this is most partial, and as being so, most unjust; and the Government in justifying it, glories in its oivn injustice. But the writer in the Advertiser says, by the nature of the, business of the rectifiers, they could not be brought under the operation of the Issue Bill. Indeed ! He has the correspondence in the " Reports" of the Committee accessible to liim—will he publish extracts from them in reference to this point ? Wfc mentioned in our last the receipt of intelligence from China, to the end of June, It is of importance, inasmuch as it shews that the smugglers, with Elliot their protector at their head, had been compelled to abandon their nefarious traffic, and surrendering their contraband ware, that worst of ware, poison, to submit to the laws of the land in which they had thought proper to establish themselves. Beaten, defeated, compelled to seek shelter in the Portuguese' (permissive) settlement at Macao, he there puts forth a manifesto in defence of smug- gling! Would it be believed that Britain, shopkeeper as Napoleon declared it to be, could ever be placed in the degraded position of seeing its (quasi) representative at a foreign port, (for such was the smuggler Elliott under the diminutive appellation of " Chief Superintendent of Trade,"defending the traffic by that worst of arguments, the tu quoque. Like a Billingsgate fish- woman, he places his arms a-kimbo, and says to the Chinese Government, " If I am a smuggler, you are another." The following is an extract from a long address to the " merchants," (the opium smugglers) put forth by Elliott so soon as he found himself safe under Portuguese protection at Ma cao:— It is a matter of notoriety that the officers of Viceroy and Hoppo, of Canton, are put up to auction in the Emperor's Palace at Pekin; no doubt the Viceroys and Hoppos of other Provinces follow the some rule: but let us trace the Canton Magnates. Having bought from the Emperor their situation, they come down to Canton, they minutely divide the territory into small lots, more particularly the river side, and near the foreign shipping and factories, and each lot, or harbour, or station, is annually put up to auction to the highest bidder; and is generally occupied by a Co. who giving 10,000, nay 30,000 dollars for their district, not only shut their eyes to the smuggling, but they come and entreat and beseech the resident foreigners to carry through their operations at their station paying the usual fees. Now so situated, the Emperor himself almost directly levies a tax on opium, and is in a dishonest situation, after by 50 years' acquiescence, he has induced capitalists to embark their all in a trade, when he suddenly changes his mind, hangs his own subjects and ruins foreign dealers ! What will the British people—what will the British Parliament say to the above ?— What will they say to see a representative of Britain, puppet-show as the office was, admitting that he was the " Chief Superintendent" of a set of smugglers, and justifying his smuggling upon the base ground of the corruption of the Chinese levenue officers? The smugglers had no sooner seated themselves at Macao, than it would seem they set to work to re-commence operations there. The Portuguese Governor, however, was not disposed to risk the involving the honor of his nation and the safety of his settlement, by permitting any Elliott coutrabandista movements. He put forth therefore, the following spirited proclamation. A severer censure upon the Elliott proceedings could not be promulgated:— 0 Jose Maria ltodrigues de Bastos, Juiz Administrador por sua Magestate a Rainha a Senhora D. Maria II. Que Deos guarde, &c.; 1 hereby give notice, that in spite of the notoriety of the general laws of th6 Custom House, and the public knowledge of the existence and observance of the regulations of this city, many importers of goods at this port, especially the foreigners, have tried to transgress them under the plea of their being articles for family use, at other places beyond the Custom House Wharf, in spite of the watch constantly kept to direct them to the proper station for the requisite clearance, and it being necessary to obviate the continuance of similar transgressions, and in order that they may not allege ignorance, I find it expedient to publish the 10th chapter of the regulations of the Custom House, which states—" To avoid the embezzlement which the evil-intentioned traders are accustomed to practice, I command and order that all the ships and all other vessels bound to the said port of Macao, whether menof-war, or merchantmen, shall not discharge any goods whatever without having previously given in the manifest of their cargoes, and without having obtained the administrator's license, with the requisite attendance of guard and watchmen, and when those are obtained, the discharge can be made direct to the Custom House Wharf, and from thence the goods are to be immediately carried td> the public store-house, and that they are not allowed to land at any other place, under the penalty of forfeiting the said merchandize as well as the vessel which conveyed them, besides one year's imprisonment to their respective owners; and all persons against whom it may be proved that they contributed to the infringement of the dispositions of this chapter, or received such goods into their houses or godowns, shall be liable to the same penalty of imprisonment, and bound to pay the value of the smuggled articles, to be added to the revenue of the Custom House." In consequence, I declare to the native residents and foreigners, that any packages however small llieir size or value, conveyed by vessels of any description whatsoever, of merchandize, liquors, stores, metals, gold, or silver, wrought or coined, even the broken or chopped dollars, that may be found already landed, or in the act of landing at any other point but in the said Custom House Wharf, shall be irrecoverably seized and forfeited, as well as the boats which conveyed them, and both the proprietors and the carriers of the said packages shall he liable to the penalty of the law as smugglers. 1 do also declare, that it is free to any person who knows that a landing of articles liable to duty is intended, to give previous information of the same, he shall be entitled, on the seizure of such goods, to a compensation of one-third of the net value ofthe sale thereof by auction. The regulations respecting passengers or baggage continues in force, but the said baggage must be carefully and minutely examined by the guard and watchmen, who shall be responsible and rigorously punished for the least negligence or transgression ofthe contents of this e'dirt. And, in order that no one may allege ignorance, and that it may reach the notice of every one, this shall be fixed at the Custom House gates, and at all the usual public places in the' Portuguese, English, and Chinese language. The British residents, refugees at Macao, gave a very handsome public entertainment to Mr. Jardine, in compliment to the high estimation in which that gentleman seems te be generally held. In the course of his address, after the usual ceremony of drinking his health, he spoke as follows :— I have been a long time in this country, and I have a few words to say in its favor; here we find our persons more efficiently protected by laws than in many other parts ofthe East, or ofthe world; in China a foreigner can go to sleep, with his windows open, without being iu dread of either his life or property, which are well guarded by a most excellent and watchful police ; but both are periled with little or no protection in many other states; business is conducted with unexampled facility, and in general with singular good faith, though there are, of course, occasional exceptions that but more strikingly bear out my assertion. Neither would I omit the general courtesy of the Chinese in ail their intercourse and transactions with foreigners; these, and some other considerations, are the reasons that so many of us so oft re- visit this country, and stay in it so long. I hold, gentlemen, the Society of Canton high ; ..it holds a high place, in my opinion, even among the merchants of the east, yet I also know that this community has often heretofore and lately been accused of being a set of smugglers; this I distinctly deny ; we are not smugglers, gentlemen ! It is the Chinese government, it is the Chinese officers who smuggle, and who contrive to encourage smuggling, not we; and then look at the E. I. Company: w/n/ the father of all smuggling and smvgglers is the E.'l. Company, (loud applause.) WHEN the Courier is SO obliging as to combat our opinions as to the existing scarcity, it might not be perhaps too much to T solicit of him that he would state those opinions correctly. We said not that fifty thousand bushels of wheat would afford no relief. We said not that the Government had acted unwisely in purchasing the ten thousand bushels of wheat brought by the Indus. We say in reply to our contemporary's question, that the price of wheat has not been considerably reduced thereby—we say that the distress amongst the poor would have been appalling, but for the generous hand held out by the inhabitants, unaided in the slightest degree by the Guoernment— aided by the Governor certainly by promptly bestowed liberal donations. We say that the importation has done little—we might almost say nothing. Wheat is still 20s. the bushel at Launceston, little less here. Bread is still lOd. the two pound loaf. We say then the distress has not been " considerably reduced," that all the " reduction" which has taken place has been produced by the generosity of the people, and not by any other means, least of all, by the importation which again we say has not exceeded a week's supply. Near seven months have now elapsed since we commenced the " warning voice," which we have continued weekly. We were answered weekly, " cargoes upon cargoes—ships upon ships are coming—there will be a glut." Where are the cargoes 2—where are the ships ? Will our contemporary satisfy himself with pointing to the Indus and her ten thousand bushels of Bombay, half-Tasmanian- produce value, ; worm-eaten wheat? " Risum teneatis," indeed, but that PS our contemporary i o truly observes, the subject is far too serious. Has our contemporary seen, we should be sorry to ask him to taste, the bread made of the Government Indusimported wheat? We disagree witli our contemporary as to the wisdom of the Government in grinding into flour the Bombay wheat. We consider that it would have been infinitely more to the public beuefit to have sold it, such as it is, in the grain; but more thereon hereafter. We continue then to assert (would that we could see occasion to change our opinion, and we are convinced our contemporary has done us the justice to admit, we say it in all sincerity) that the entire conduct of the Government in this matter has evinced any thing but what ought to have been. It strained at the gnat, (the 4th resolution) in order to force its illegal, unconstitutional, and unjust ex post facto, pains and penalties feigned Issue Bill—it swallowed the camel, hunch and all, in leaving the poor and the helpless to starvation of every sort! If there was a representative assembly here, fairly and freely elected, this subject would have undergone much and serious discussion. Again, we say that the Governor of South Australia has acted wisely in preventing "the staff of life" from reaching starvation prices. Our contemporary sneers at Col. Gawler's prohibition of exportation, making that most wise precautionary measure a double offence, keeping for his people, not only all of their own production within, but all they had purchased from without. The Governor drew no distinction whatever, in respect to the origin of the contents of his granaries. He said " starvation threatens, I will prevent it if possible, by preserving to you all you possess;" and if he thereby saved the people he rules from being compelled to seek eleemosynary relief, from the public benevolence, he acted wisely; at alfevents if there is anv degree in the comparison, wiser than the Tasmanian government. We regret that our contemporary should have misrepresented us in another part. We are convinced he does it not intentionally, but we equally regret its occurrence. We said not that Colonel Gawler gained the battle of Waterloo. Our contemporary, of all men, will surely not quarrel with us for maintaining the prowess, the gallant bearing, of the noble "light brigade ?" That splendid body of which the 71st., ever as at Wateiloo, pars magnafuit ? ' 