Distillation Question. We do not recollect any circumstance, which has called forth such general complaint and condemnation, as the conduct of the Government towards the Distillers, with reference to the amount of compensation to be awarded, for the suppression of their trade, Even our late monopolist of the Courier, who, so long as the monopoly lasted, was ever ready to do the bidding of his patrons, has taken up the cudgels in behalf of the Distillers, and advocated their cause, in a manner, which plainly shows, how benumbing an influence is attached to the slavery of a monopolist. The manner in which the Distillers have been treated from the very beginning, is unworthy of any Government, pretend ting to the cause; of free to the mere cause, which gave rise to the abrogation of the Distilling Act, had its origin in one of these narrow-minded, and contracted measures of finance' for which our Colonial Government has been so remarkable. The revenue was falling off, and, the expenditure, under the influence of the monster, patronage, increasing with the exception of the land sales, the largest source of revenue was derived from the Customs; and as the duties, accruing therefrom, did not flow into the collecting-pouch of Mr. Barnes, in the requisite abundance, it was Very sagaciously determined, not to afford every encourage- ment for the increased consumption of Colonial Spirits, but to knock on the head, at once this source of home manufacture, and this field for Colonial industry, thus sea charging the foreigner solely. It "-'needs no ghost from the grave to point out to us, the4ñPhÜ8Ínes8-like nature of this measure we marks as a matter of Aminde, alid^ithoYirrèfelrènéë to ttorDis. fillers, or teíany'rigTít.^Kích the Government might possess to deprive them of their trades. It is true, that, by a specific clause in the Act of Council the Governor is empowered to prohibit Distillation, from grain, for a limited period, whenever he might see reasonable cause, from estate of agriculture, or otherwise ; but, surely, if, with the' advice and sanction of his Council, His Excellency, not only pro- hibits for a period, but absolutely takes away, at one fell swoop," their actual business, it is imperative upon the Government, of which He is the representative, to compensate the parties, who have thus been deprived of their trades. Compensation, therefore ample and "liberal" Compensation was promised and the Dis- tillers were feign to rest, as contented as they could, with the encouraging hope of this vaunted liberality. That the Governor was sincere in his pledge, we fully and firmly believe; but there was much cumbersome machinery to be set in motion, before even the nature of this Compensation could be ascertained: i first, one board, and, then, another, was appointed, and divers intricate and lengthy calculations were made, each ending in a different result, and " rendering confusion worse confounded." All this, however, both from Mr. Hackett s Pamphlet, and the Proceedings in Council, with the remarks thereupon in the various newspapers., is sufficiently well-known, and needs no further explanation here; we may state, however, that the ' Governor's pledge of a " liberal Compensation," has " vanished into thin air, and that the poor, ill-used Distillers are as far from obtaining it as ever. But we cannot pass over the conduct of the Government, in this unseemly business, without a few observations. Evasions of various kinds, leading to vexatious delays, and entailing great loss, and annoyance on the victims, have been inter- posed and most monstrous fact of all, even now, at the eleventh hour, a proposition is put forth, than which, nothing, that we ever heard of, can be more preposterous we were about to use a harsher term, but this will suffice. By the Act of Council, it appears, the duty on Colonial Spirits, distilled from grain, grown here, was fixed, at 4s per gallon: but a power, was vested in the Governor, to fix by proclamation, and for a given period, a lower duty, when the agricultural condition of the country would i admit of it. This power His Excellency used, and proclaimed the duty to be 2s. 3d., for a certain time and now, because the time has expired, and no fresh proclamation has been made some Solon of a legislator or some confidential adviser, or both, has suggested, that the amount of the Distiller"s profits, by which the rate of compensation is to be estimated, shall be calculated at the 4s. duty, and not the 2s. 3d. ! We have, however, yet a more extraordinary injustice than this. It being presumed, that some or all of the claimants, under the Prohibition Act, may, at some period of their business, have infringed the old Act, by using illicit means, another Act is to be framed, which sends the case of each, to a Special Jury, in the Supreme Court, where this ex post facto question is to be decided, in order to entitle them, if innocent, to any compensation at all ! Can anything be more unfair, more cruel, or more extraord i nary than such a proceed- ing of Talk of legislating by steam ! 'Faith ! our legislators can cook up an Act to meet any emergency; and presto it forthwith becomes law ! As to this plea of having in- fringed the law, why was not that law enforced at the time? It was severe enough, Heaven knows, inasmuch as the Distiller was exposed, in the same manner as the Publican, to the tender mercies of the District Constables, with their complacent myrmidons, and this, too, both at any hour of the night, as well as day, while the penalties were enormously high. But, we will not insult the understanding of our readers by any further remarks upon this matter, the mere explanation of which is quite sufficient to ensure its condemnation. The case of the Distillers has now, become the general case of the public and if the Government will hearken to the voice of the people, it will, at once, act as a British Government ought to act, with promptitude,, candour, and liberality. It has already exercised a stretch of power, \- show MIMIC 'roads' ''.! II:OTÍ,:II):TW3,=5'" t : SKI raced taÇ.wfuch many, men frowri^arkly ; and as.., it ought to be the zealous endeavour : of every Government to extend a ' protecting shield after the, governed! we hope, for its; o.wn's>ke¿ that oîtrVi'wiU, on the present occasion, evince a tender and just regard for the interests of the Distillers. . 