.Supreme Court. CivIr. SIDE-SATURDAY, Grit JULY. In consequence of Special Jury cases yet untried, and arrears of the business of the court this term, to day, (which is properly a tindy set apart for the hearing of motions) was occupied in the following case. Before Mr. Stephen and a special Jury. Meredith v. WVyatt.-The plaintiff is Mr Jolhn Meredith late performer at the Vic toria Theatre, and at present a licensed victualler in Sydney, and the defendant is Mr. Joseph Wyatt, proprietor of the thea tre. This was an action of assumpsit to recover coinpensation for breach of agree ment. Damages were laid at £800. On the 13tlh July last year, an agreement was entered into between the plaintiff and de fendant that the plaintiff (who was at Ho bart Town at the time, performing) should come to Sydney and act for the defendant in the capacity of manager, and perform at the Victoria theatre for twelve months from the first November following at the weekly salary of£G, guaranteeing him two benefits in the year or £100 in. lieu of each benefit. On plaintiff's arriving in Sydney and tendering his services, it was intimattd to him by the defendant, that the performers objected to act under his ma ,ngement, and that in consequence Mr. Lazar was appointed to that duty. He (defendant) trusted he (plaintiff) would not object to play any part given him to perform under Mr. Lazar's management, as he would pay him his salary as well as if lie were the manager. Defendant also proffer-.d hinu one hundred sovereigns to cancel the agreement between them. 'IThis plaintiff refused, but did not object to play a number of subordinate parts, al though dergatory to his professional repu Intion, until the insignificant part of Ilinch Jacobs, a dutchman in the play called " Bound prentice to a Waterman" was allotted to him. which lihe refused to enact ; and he was discharged in consequence. One hundred pounds had been advanced to plaintiff by the defendant, and the amount now claimed was £4112. The first wi:ness called was Mr. M' Cullock, clerk to plaint:ff's atorney, to prove, that he ac companied plaintiff to defendant, and that the latter acknowledged the receipt of a letter sent the previous day by the plaintiff, making a tender of his services in perform ance of his part of the contract. The wit ness has never been present during a repre sentation in a theatre in his life ! AMr. J. Simmons, a performer at the Sydney thea tre was the next witness called, and as his evidence partook of some of the comicality of his own line of business, we give a por tion thereof. The Victoria theatre opened in Nrvember 1R28--saw Meredith perform there-his line of business he considered to be what is called ' low-comedy.' His Ho nor asked if low comedy were considered in theatrical parlance a degrading definition i \Vitness-Oh, by no means your honor; it requires a great deal of stage tact and ability to perform well in this line. Coun -el--What pa ts did Mr. Meredith usually play ?-nmention some. Witness - Mr. Metr.dith cull plany Paul PrJI, (laughter) ftr instance or Scrtb-hlad seen Fawcett play-Meredi'h came out in Mons florbleu \--in Mans. Tonson. Farmer ,4slhfeld and Doctlor Pangloss. He could play French and Dutchman, but did not mean to insinu ate that his principal qualification for the latter parts was his being Dutch- built, he miiht play ,Jeremy Diddler (laughter) that icing in the ercentric line of character but he did consider Romeo. Coriolanus. and similar parts in the high and tragic walks of the Shlkslpear. an drama, rather out of Mr. Meredith's line as much as, indeed as The star~'ed A41,oheca'y in Romeo ttu J.1ulict would be ! (great laughter) -Witness had seen him play a Grave digger and a Ghost one night, he was not then quite so substantial as now, it being six years ago (laughter). The part of H:nch Jacobs was a part so trivial that it would be impossible for the public, to appreciate an actor's talents, even if he performed it well. There was no peculiar stage tact required to say "Yaw ! Yaw ! Mynheer!" hitch up his breeches, or scratch his nose ; nor any difficult bye play in rushing on with a woman in his arms, and rushing off again (laughter). Mr. Fherry observed in a subdued tone, that in his opinion it did require some genius to Shitch the breeches up with a becoming ;race.' The evidence of this witness con. cluded by an explanation of the respective duties of stage and sating managers of a theatre. Mr. A'lecket in reply to the defence (which was, that plaintiff had vio lated his part of the contract) addressed the jury in a speech abounding with fun. which kept the court in continued peals of laughter. His honor directed the juay to enquire, whether the plaintiff had wavered at all in the transaction ? and if they found he had, they were to consider the original contract thereby invalidated, ad must give a verdict for the defendant ; but if on the other hand they found him ready andt willing (as certainly did appear) to perform his part, anti that he was prevented by the defendant, they should give him a verdict for what his services were worth under that agreement. The jury retired for about five minutes, and returned with a verdict for the plaintiff damages £382, exclunive of the £100 advanced. Counsel for the plaintiff Messrs. A'Beek ett, Forster, and WVindeyer. For the de fendant, the Attorney-General, and Messrs. 'Therry and Broadhurst. Court adjourned. 