[?] Jteasons for subscribing to the XXXIX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland; her Creeds and Concessions of Faith.— -By A Layman . U'riffcjj Jor The Sydsey Standard. Continued from our last." Be ready always to give an answer to every man that arketh you a rezcoa for the hope that is in you. No sooner did ithe profession of Christianity cease to be the mark of disgrace, or, in other words, when Christianity became the religion ol the palace, men of all ranks, and of every description conformed, or, in the lowest accepta tion of the word, became nrofessedlv Christians. Heresy made its appearance in many forms and its teachers being no longer under proscrip tion by tlie Stale, were at liberty (under tbe guise of Christianity) to teach whatever they pleased. The Arian Heresy called forth the Nicene Creed, and shortly after, that which is commonly called the Allianasian. The profession of Christ ianity having become a featiier instead of a stigma, then, as now, men were found who did not scruple to make a profession of religion for the purpose of advancing their worldly interests; hence, no doubt, arose the principal heresies which have from time to time disturbed the unity . f the Church. But to resume our enquiries into the scriptural nature of this creed : " We worship one God in Trinity and Trinity in Unity." Here is the de claration, " neither confounding the persen nor. -dividing the substance." 44 Hear, O Israel, the Loid our God is one Lord." Deut., vi. 4. Now \- for plurality of persons: "Let lis make man in our image." Genesis, i. 26. " 1 heard the .voice of the Lord, saying, whom shall I send, and who will go for us?" In the last chapter of Matthew, 19th verse, it is wri'ten, " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." There is another text might be quoted, but as it is disputed, J shall riot call it to my aid. I mean the First Epistle of John, v. 7. At the termination of the thirteenth chapter of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, in blessing the Church, tlie Apostle invokes the . Deity in his triune capacity : " The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Love of God, and the Communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. The argument or declaration given in the creed, is, that " there is one person of the Father, another, of the Son, and anoliier of the Holy .Ghost." The . three persons were visibly manifested at Our Saviour's baptism : the voice ot tne fattier was nearo, tne son was present, . and the Holy Spirit, in the form of a dove, de scended from Heaven, and rested on Jesus. The Godhead of the Father, of (he Son, and. of the Holy Ghost, is all one. In Isaiah, vi. 3, it is written, " And one. cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the Loril of Hosts ;" and in Revelntions, iv.8, 44 And they rest not day and night saying, Holy, holy, lioly, Lord God Almighty." Such /as tlie Father is, such is the Son, and such is the Holy Ghost," each uncreate. In fact, to sum up tlie creed in a few words, it amounts to this, that the three persons of the Godhead are unitedly, but one Deity. The Christian does not attempt to deny, or even question this doctrine, and, therefore, it does appear more than extraordinary how any Christian can have a religious scruple in subscribingto this ereed. Every declaration it contains is set forth in scripture, and 1 do not hesitate to declare it as my belief that he who doubts the propriety oi subscribing to the Athanasian Creed, is himself in doubt of-tiie doctrine of the Trinity. I care not how strong the language may be in -those clauses called damnatory, they are sustained by .scriptural authority. The Godhead does, or does not, comprise a Trinity in unity. Christians believe that Deity comprehends turee persons, and as there is, and can be but one Godhead, they who trust in any other the Bible declares to be damned. To explain lite reason for compiling this creed .iikI for adopting it into the Anglican Church, it may not he amiss to give an outline of the various heresies that bad crept into existence prior to its publication . — 1st. The Ebeonites and Corinthians believed that Jesus Christ was a mere man, born according to the common course of nature — these opinions were held in the first century. In the second century it was believed by some called Doceta that the htinttn nature, actions, and sufferings of Christ, were not real, but that they were only in appearance. In the third century, the Sabellinns maintained that there is but one person in the Godhead — Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, being only different names for the same Divine being. In the fourth century sprung up the Ariin heresy, which teaches, that Christ is essentially inferior to the Father, even as to his Deity, although eternally derived Irotu him (some of this sect go so far as to deny his pre-existence), and reject the worship of Christ, and the personal existence of the Holy Ghost. In the same cen tury the A pollinarians denied the proper huma nity of Christ, and believed that the Divine nature in Christ supplied the place of the reason able soul in man. In the same age the Mace donians considered the Holy Ghost as a divine energy and not as distinct from the Father and the Sin. In the filth century tlie Nestorians, held that there were not only two natures in Jesus Christ hut also two distinct and separate persons— others about the same period, called Eu'yclii.rus, allowed of no distinction of the divine and human natures in Christ, since his incnrnaiioit ; affirming that the human, was absorbed by the divine nature. These were the piominent heresies that had disturbed the peace of the Church, when this, and the Nicene Cieed first made their appear ance — These heresies wete confuted by the mi nisters of those ages it is true, but as nominal Christianity had wonderfully increased, it be came absolutely necessary to draw up a com pendium (if 1 may so speak) of tlie character and nature of the godhead. Next to the Scriptures themselves, I feel tho- tonuhly convinced, that nothing lias tended more to kepp nlivean unerring knowledge of the nature und properties of the deity than the three creeds, viz. — the Apostles, tlie Nicene, and -this ol St. Aliianasitis — the latter, if 1 mistake tint, was termed by Martin Luther, the breastwork of the Apostles' creed — it forms as it were, an impassable harrier round the doctrine of the Trinity, through which infidel philosophy has never, and can never make its way ; and the inconsistency of those who do not object to the Apostles and Ni cene creeds, but who cavil at the Athanasian, is so palpably egregious, that it' were difficult lo conceive how they can accept the two first and t eject the latter, only that we olten find people willing enough to admit a general principle, who, when that principle is reduced toa particular, dis cover that the application to their own particular case involves them in an admission they are not prepared to abide by. The compiler of the Apostles' creed might hare appended the damnatory clause to that creed as well as to the creed of Athanasius, and with equal propriety. If it is necessary to salvation to btlieve in God, it is necessary to believe that God is, what he represents himself to he. And if lie declares tlmt he is a Triune Jehovah, we are damned if we do not believe him to be such. I think a very great service would be rendered to the church if our ministers were frequenrly to lecture on or expound our creeds to their people, for I am thoroughly convinced that it is sheer ignorance in thousands of well meaning church people that induces them to object .this creed. I regret also to know that there are those cf the prelatic order at home, who think that, the Atha nasian might be transferred to schedule A and D without doing an injury. Archbishop Whately of Dublin has gone so far as lo omit it on the days appointed by the church 'or its use. Doctor llanipdon Regius, Professor of Divi nity at Oxlord, Doctor Maltby, Bishop of Dur ham, and Doctor Stanley, Bishop of Norwich, have each indirectly shuwn a delicate sort oj aisltlte to tlie doctrine ol this creed, liow can we sufficiently value the blessings which we de rive from a church su constituted as the Anglican Church, which cannot receive injury even by the reason of i s sworn defenders. Having briefly shown my rtasous for my faith in this truly gospel creed, I shall proceed to assign my mo tives for subscribing to the XXXIX articles. A Practical Commentary upon the First Epistle General of St. Peter. By Robert Leiou- ton, D.D., Archbishop of Glasgow. And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man's tvoik, pass the time of your sojourning here in tear. Verse 17. The temptations which meet a Christian in the world, to turn him aside from the straight way ol obedience and holiness, are either such as pre sent the hope of some apparent good, to draw hirn from that way, or the fear of some evil, to drive and affright him front it ; and therefore the word of God is much in strengthening the Christ ian mind against these two; and it doth it espe cially, by possessing it both with hopes and fears of a higher nature, that do by far weigh do" ii the other. The most frequent assaults of temptation are upon these two passions of the mind; therefore they are chiefly to be fortified and defended, by a hope and fear opposite to those that do assault us, and sufficiently strong to resist and tepel them. These two, therefore, our apostle here urges : 1 . The hope of that glory which the gospel pro pounds,- and so outbids all the proffers of the world, both in the greatness and the certainty ol its promises . 2. The ftwr ol God, tlie greatest and justest Judge, aloue worthy to be feared and reverenced ; the highest anger and enmity of all the world being less than nothing, in comparison of his smallest displeasure. We have here, I. This -fear. II. The reason enforcing it. III. The term or continuance of it. I. The fear itself, "In fear." But how suits this with the high discourse that went before, ol perfect assured hope, of faith, and love, and joy. yea, joy unspeakable and glorious, arising out of these? llow are ail those excellences fallen, as it were, into a dungeon, when fear is mentioned after them ! Doth not the apostle St. John say, that "Perfect love castellt out fear?" 1 John iv. 18\. And is it not more clearly opposite to per fect or assitred hope, and lo faith and joy ? If ye understand it aright, this is such a fear as doth not prejudice, but preserve those other graces, and the comfort and joy that arise from them ; and tliey all agree so well with it, that they are naturally helps to each other. It wete superfluous to. insist on the defining ol this passion ol fear, und lite manifold distinctions of it, either with philosophers or divines. The fear here recommended, is, unquestionably, a holy self-suspicion and fetr of offending God, which may not only consist with assured hope of salva tion, and with faith, mid love, and spiritual joy, but is their inseparable companion ; as all Divine graces are linked together, as the heathens said of their three graces, and, as- they dwell together, they grow or decrease together. The mote a Christian believes, and loves, and rejoices in the love of God, the more unwillingly surely he is to displease hint, and if in danger of displeasing him, the utore afraid of it; and, on the other side, this fear being the true principle of a wary and holy conversation, fleeing sin. and the occa sions of sin, and temptations to it, and resisting them when they make an assault, is as a watch or guard that keeps cut the enemies and dis turbers of the soul, and so preserves its inward peace, keeps the assurance of faith and hope un molested, and that joy which they cause, and the intercourse and societies of love betwixt the soul and her beloved, uninterrupted ; all which are most in danger when this fear abates and falls to slumbering; for then, some notable sin or other is ready to break in and put all into disorder, and for a time make those graces, and the comfort of litem to present feeling, as much to seek as if they were not there at all. No wonder, then, that the apostle, having stirred up his Christian brethren, whatsoever be their estate in the world, to seek to be rich in those jewels of faith, and hope, and love, and spiritual joy, and then, considering that they travel amongst I a world of thieves and robbers, no wonder, I say, that he adds this, advises them to give those their jewels in custody, under God, to this trusty and watchful grace of godly fear; and having earnestly exhorted them to holiness, he is very fitly parti cular in this fear, which makes up so great a part of that holiness, which it is olten in scripture named for; it all. . Solomon calls it the "beginning" or the "top of wisdom," Prov. xv. 33 ; the word signifies both, and it is both. The beginning of it, is the beginning of vyisdoin, and the progress and in crease of it, is ihe increase of wisdom. Tluit hardy rashness which may account valour, is the companion of ignorance ; and ol all rashness, boldness, to sin is the most witless and foolish. There is in this, as in all fear, an apprehension of an evil whereof we are in danger. The evil is sin, and the displeasure of God and punishment following upon sin. The godly man judgeth wisely, as the truth is, that sin is the greatest of evils, and tlie cause ol all other evils; it is a transgression of the just law of God, and so a provocation of ht3 just anger, and the cause of those punishments, temporal, spiritual, and eter nal, which he inflicts. And then, considering how mighty he is to punish, considering both the power and the reach of his hand, thai it is both most heavy and unavoidable ; all these things may and should concur to the working of litis fear. There is, no doubt, a great difference betwixt those two kinds of fear that are usually difference-i by the names of servile and filial I'ear; but cer tainly the most genuine tear of the sons of God, who call him Father, doth not exclude the con sideration of his justice and of the punishment o! sin which his justice inflicts. We see here, it is used as the great motive of this fear, that lie "judgeth every man according to his works." And David in that psalm wherein he so much breathes forth those other sweet affections of love, and hope, and delight in God acd in his word, yet expresseth this fear even of the justice of God : " My flesh trembleth for fear of thee, and I am afraid of thy judgments," Psalm cxix. 120. The flesh is to lie awed by Divine judgments, though the higher and surer part of the soul is strongly and freely tied with the cords of love. Temporal corrections, indeed, they fear not so much in themselves, as that impression of wrath that may be upon them for their sins, Psalm vi. 1. That is the main matter of their fear because their happiness is in his love, and the light of his countenance, that is their lite. They regard not how the world looks upon them ; they care not who frowns, so that lie smiles on them ; because no other enemy nor pvil in the world can deprive them of this, but their own sin, therefore that is what they fear most. As the evil is great, so the Christian hath great reason to fear in regard of his danger of it, con sidering the multitude, strength, and craft ol his enemies, and his owi) weakness and unskilfulness to resist them. And his sad experience in being often foiled, teachetii him that it is thus; le cannot be ignorant of it ; lie finds how often his own resolutions and purges deceive hitn. Cer tainly, a godly man is som. :es driven to wonder at his own frailty and inconstancy. What strange rliflaeAnAoe will tharA Ka Kalurivt litm ait/I Ittrrreolfl how high and how delightful at some tirnps are his thoughts of God and the glory of the life to come ; and yet, how easily at another time base temptations will bemire him, or, at least molest and vex him ! And this keeps him in-a continual fear, and that fear in continual vigilance and cir- cumspectness. When he looks up to God, and considers the truth of his promises, and the suffi ciency of his grace and protection, and the al mighty strength of his Redeemer, these things fill his soul with confidence and assurance; but when lie turns his eye downward again upon himself, and finds so much remaining corruption within, and so many temptations, and dangers, and ad versaries without, this forces hint not only to fear, but to despair of himself; and it should do so, that his trust in God may he tlie purer and more entire. That confidence in God will not make him secure and presumptuous in himself, nor that fear of himself make him diffident of God. This fear is not opposite to faith, but bigh-mindedness and presumption are : see Rom. xi. 20. To a natural matt, it would seem an odd kind of rea soning that of tlie apostle, " It is God that work- eth in you to will and to do of his good pleasure." Phil. ii. 12, 13, therefore, would lie think, you may save labour, you may sit still, and not work, 'r, if you work, you may work fearlessly, being so sure of his help; but the apostle is of another mind ; his inference is, therefore, 41 workoutyour own salra.ion,'' ami work it " with fear and trem bling." But lie that hath assurance of salvation, why should he fear? If there is truth in his assurance, nothing can disappoint him, not sin itself. -It is true; but it is no less true, that if lie do not fear to sin, there is no truth in his assurance: it is tiot the assurance of faith, hut of a secure and profane mind. Suppose it so, that the sins of a godly man cannot be such as to cut liirn short of that salvation vyhereof lie is assured ; vet they may be such as for a time will deprive him of that assurance, and not only remove the comfort he hath in that, but let in horrors and anguish of conscience in its stead. Though a. believer is freed from hell, and we may overstrain this assurance, in our doctrine, beyond what the soberest and deruutesi men in the woil J can ever find in themselves, tnough they will not trouble themselves to contest and dispute with them that say they have it, so that his soul cannot come there: yet some sius may bring as it were a piece of Itell into Ids soul for a time, and this is reason enough for any Christian in his right senses to be afraid of sin. No man would will- ingly hazard himself upon a fall lhat may break his leg, or some other bone ; though he could be made sure that he should not break his neck, or that his life were not at all in danger, and that he should be perfectly cured, yet, the pain and trouble of such a hurt would terrify him, und make him wary and fearful when he walks in danger. The broken bones that David complains of alter his fall, may work fear and wariness in' those that hear him, though tliey were ascertained of a like tecovery. This fear is nut cowardice; it doth not debase, but elevates the mind ; for it drowns all lower fears, and begets true fortitude and courage to encounter all dangers, lor the sake ol a good conscience and the obeying of God. " The righteous is bold us a lion," Pov. xxviii. 1. He dares do any thing but offend Odd ; and to dare do that, is the greatest folly, and baseness, and weakness, in the wotld. From this fear have ' I gaBWBBO— B HBBH 'BB— — sprung all the generous resolutions, and palieti1 sufferings of the saints and martyrs of Goa ; be cause they durst not sin against him, therefore they durst be imprisoned, and impoverished, and tor tured, and die for him. Thus the prophet sets catnaland godly fear as opposite, and the one ex pelling the other, Isa. viii. 12, 13. And our Saviour," Fear not them that kill the body: but fear him which, after he hath killed, hath power to cast into hell : yea, I say unto you, fear him." Luke xii. 4, 5. Fear not, but fear ; and therefore fear, that you may not fear. This fear is like the trembling that hath been observed in some of great courage before battles. Moses was bold and fearless in dealing with a proud and wicked king, but when God appeared, he said, as the anostle informs ns. " 1 exceedingly fear and quake," Ileb. xii. 21. II. The reason we have here to persuade to this fear, is twofold. 1. Their relation to God. 2\. Their relation'to the world. 1\. To God as (heir Father, and as their Judge. Because you do call hint Father, and profess yourselves his rhildren, " begotten again" by him, for this <.cfe looks back to that expression, it becomes you, as obedient children, to stand in awe, and fear to offend him your Father, and a Father so full o goodness and tender love. But as he is tlie be It Father, so consider that lie is withal the gre; lest and justest Judge: " He judges every m; n according to his work." God always kees and discerns men, and all their wotks, am t judgeth, that is, accounteth ot litem, as they ,are, and sometimes in this life declares this his judgment of them to their own consciences, and in some to the view of others, in visible punishments and rewards; but the most solemn judgment of all is reserved to that great day which he hath appointed, " wherein he will judge the world in righteousness by his Son Jesns," Acts xvii. 31. There is here, the sovereignty of this Judge, the universality of his judgment, and the equity of it. All must answer at his great court; he is supreme Judge of the world. He made it, and hath therefore an unquestionable right to judge it. | tie judceth every man ;" and it is ti most righteous judgment, which hatli these two in it : 1\. An exact and perfect knowledge of all men's works; 2. Impartial judgment of them so known. This second is expressed negatively, by removing the crooked rule which man's judg- ment often follows ; it is without consideration of those personal differences which men eye so much. And the first is according to the work itself. " He accepteth not the person of princes, nor regardeth the rich more than the poor," and the reason is added there, " For they are all the work of his hands," Job xxxiv. 19. He made all the persons, and he makes all those differ ences himself as it pleaseth him; therefore he doth not admire litem as we do, no, nor at all regard them. We find very great odds betwixt stately palaces and poor cottages, betwixt a | prince's robes and a beggar's cloak ; but to God they are all one ; all these petty differences vanish in comparison of his own greatness. Men are great and small, compared one with another; but they altogether amount to just nothing in respect of him. We find high mountains and low valleys on this earth; but compared with the vast compass of tlie heavens, it is all but as a point, and hath no sensible greatness at all. Nor regards lie any other differences to bias his judgment, from the works of men, to their persons. You profess the true religion, and call hint Father; but if you live devoid ot his fear, and be disobedient children, he will not spare you because of that relation, but rather punish you the more severely. Because you pretended to be his children, and yet obeyed him not, therefore you shall find hint your Judge, and an impartial Judge of your works. Remember, therefore, that your Father is this Judge, arid fear to ofl'eud him. But than, indeed, a believer may look back lo the other lor comfort, who abuses it not lo a sinful security. He resolves thus willingly; "I will not sin, because mv Father is this just Judge; but lor my frailties I will hope for mercy, because the Judge is tny Father." " Their works." This comprehends all actions and words, yea, thoughts; and each work entirely, taken outside and inside together; for he sees all alike, and judgeth according to all together. He locks on the wheels and paces within, as well as on the handle without, and therefore ought we to fear the least crookedness of our intentions in the best works ; for if we entertain aoy such, and study not singleness of heart, this will cast all, though we pray and hear the word, and preach it, and live outwardly unblantablv. And in that great judgment, all secret tliings'sltall be mani fest; as they are always open to the eye of this Judge, so he shall then open them before men and angels : therefore let the remembrance and frequent consideration of this all-seeing Judge, and of lhat great judgment, waken our hearts, and beget in us this fear, 2 Cor. v. 10, 11. If you would have confidence in that day, and not fear it when it comes, fear it now, so as to avoid sin, for they that now tremble at it, shall then, when it comes, lift up their faces with joy; and they that will not fear it now shall then be overwhelmed with fears and lerror; they shall have such a burden of fear then, as that they shall account the hills and mountains lighter than it. " Pass the time of your sojourning here in fear." In this I conceive is implied another per suasive of this tear arising — 2\. From their relation to this world. You are sojourners and strangers, as here the word signifies, and a wary, circumspect carriage be comes strangers, because tbey are most exposed to wrongs and hard accidents. You are encom passed with enemies and suates; how can you be secure in tlie midst of them ? .This is not your rest ; watchful fear becomes this your so journing. Perlect peace and security are re served lor you at home, and that is the last term of this fear; it continues all the time of this so journing life, dies not before us; we and it shall expire together. III. Tins, then, is the term or continuance of this fear. " Blessed is he that feareth always," says So lomon, Prov. xxviii. 14. in secret and in societ,y in his own house aud- in God's.- We must hear the word with lear, and preach it with fear, alraid to miscarry in our intentions and manners. " Serve the Lord with fear," yea, in times of in ward comfort and joy, yet " rejoice with tremb ling," Psalm ii. 11. Not only when a man (eels most his own weakness, hut when he finds him self strongest. None are so high advanced in grace here below, as to be out of need of this grace; but when 'heir sojourning shall be done, and they are corov home lo their Father's house above, then no '".note (earing: no entrance for dangers there, aud therefore no fear. A holy re verence of tlie majesty of God iltey slinll indeed have then most of all, as the angels still have, be cause they shall see him itipst clearly, and because the more he is known, the inure lie is reverenced ; but this fear that relates to danger, shall then vanish, for in that world there is neither sin, nor -sorrow for sin, nor temptation to sin; no more conflicts, but . alter a lull and final victory, an eternal peace, an everlasting triumph. Not only fear, but faith, and hope, do imply some imper fection not consistent wall that blessed estate ; and therefore all of litem, having obtained their end, shall end ; raids in sight, hope in possession, and fear in pe-fect salely; and everlasting love and delight shall fill the wole soul in the vision ol God. . ' ty 