IDOLATRY NO. XVI 1 The Holy. Scriptures are addressed to laymeh as well at to the clergy, and it is a fact that lay men took a part in the first councils. What was spoken they were expected to understand. 'And if laymen are to be accountable. at the great day of judgment, for all their thoughts, words and actions, a just God allows them the exercise of their minds in discerning truth from error, during this life : it will be no excuse to them that their clergy led them into error ; the blindness of their clergy, whether that blindness arose from real ignorance, love of promotion, safety, gain, or party spirit, will be as fatul to their followers as if it proceeded fiom their own obstinacy or disobe- dience ; for if tho blind lead the blind, they shall, both leaders and those who are led by them, fall into the ditch, Luke vi. 39. I remember reading of an English merchant who resided for some time in Spain, one day speaking "to a friend concerning religion, when the Spaniard, with tears in his eyes, ex- claimed, " you people of England are happy ; you have liberty to see with your own eyes and to examine the doctrines delivered to you, upon which your ever- lasting life depends ; but," said he, "we dare not say that our souls are our own ; for, we are bound to believe whatever our teachers tell us, though it be ever so un- reasonable or ridiculous." Let us now refer to God's own inspiied book, the holy Bible. " What," says the Lord, in Deut. chap. xxk. v. 29, " I know that which is revealed by God, is for the use of us and of our children for ever." It will be owned "that it is profitable to instruct us in all true knowledge, and to make us perfect," 11 Timothy III, 10, 17. The Spirit of God tells us, in Ephesians III, 4, that by leading only, we may understand what we read In Matth. XXIV, 16 wo leam the same thing. In Rom. X, 17, we read that faith cometh by hearing, and hearing hy the word of God, which is the New Testament ; and here be it remembered, that whether we receive true knowledge by the eye or the ear, the effect must be the same. It appears that Christ himself thought the reading of God's word enough to teach men truth, when he says " have ye never read in the Scriptures?" Matth. XXI, 42. This is also evident where he asks a certain lawyer this question, " what is written in the law (the Old Testament), how readest thou ?" Luke X, 28 ; and on another occasion, wheie he says, " if you did believe Moses you would believe me also, for he wiote of me. If you do not believe his writings, how shall you believe my words?" John V, 47. Remember they had no Douay notes and comments in those days, and Christ speaks of no explanations. The word of God, at that time did not re quire man's weak assistance. The first Christians knew that if the gospel was hid, it was hid to them that were lost, 2 Cor. iv 3. Therefore they studied it They searched the Scriptures to find out if what they were taught was true, for they knew Saint Paul praised this conduct Acts xvii, ii ; and neither our Savioui nor any of his Apostles ever forbade it. They obeyed that command, " prove all things ; hold fast that which is good," 1 Thess. v. 21 ; and as they knew that false teachers would appear among them, resolved not to believe every spirit, but to try the spit its whether they were of God, 1 John iv, x. Thus by obeying God, and exercising their private judg- ment, they were able to follow truth, and to deter their clergy, who might endea- vour to teach them what was false— a thing which unfortunately many of them were guilty of, as most of the gicat heretics in ancient dajs, were Priests, which, I suspect, Roman Catholics will not attempt to deny. The proofs which I have now offered from the holy Bible, added to those from the fathers ought to convince every well meaning Christian that God not only gave his holy word to be read by all, but also to be examined, meditated on, and undeistood by all. Open the Bible and look carefully for these passages which I have referred to, read tho quotations from the fathers, and remember that the pre judices or the wilful or actual ignorance of men will not excuse them before the awful bar of God at the last great day. I have now proved from the holy Bible and the ancient fathers that men have a right to judge for themselves. But I still wish to examine their principal argu- ment against the right of private judg- ment. They say, you cannot ceitainly reconcile the exercise of private judg- ment with the belief of an authoi ¡ty. I answei, there is but one visible in- fallible authority which I can admit, "the law and tho testimony" inspired by God himself, and committed to writing by his chosen agents. No man, or body of men, ever had any authority to oppose God's holy ordinances. Bul it may be asked why were councils held ? Mark the reason : to maintain the unity of the Church of Christ, which, we are told, should be one of its characteristic marks. And secondly, that every Chi is tian might, in all ages, hold fast the traditions taught by the Apostles, 11 Thess , ii, 14. And here I must explain what a tradition is, as Roman Catholics apply tq it a very improper meaning. This word comes from the Latin " tra- dere," to hand down ; and the Greek word paradoscis signifies the same thing. " Christian or Apostolic traditions," then only mean things handed down from Christ or, his Apostles ; but not things handed down from heathens and heretics, such as the traditions of the Church of Rome. Many of the ancient fathers' con- sidered traditions to be such as Christ or his Apostles handed down ; as, for in- stance, Irensaeus calls the Apostles' creed a tradition, "which it certainly is, (L. 1 contra Hoeres, -çhap II.) we believe in it because,the Scriptures prove its contents to be the doctrine of the Apostles. In fact, if the Scriptures" are capable of " instructing us to salvation," II Tim. iii. 15, we want no tradition beyond them for the purpose. But to return to my subject. Councils were held in the pri- mitive church for the two reasons which I have mentioned ; and when a dispute arose about circumcision, see Acts xy, the 'Council at Jerusalem,, at which the Apostles presided, was held to decide this matter and prevent divisions. Well could they say,, "it hath seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us"-for the Holy Ghost had descended on them on the day of Pentecost; and they are acknowledged, by all, to be inspired. They had been promised this by our Lord, John xiv. 26, and their miracu- lous powers were sufficient proofs, these having been referred to by the Saviour himself when asked whether he was the Christ, Matt, xi,' 5. After the decease of the twelve Apostles, councils were held to maintain peace in the Church,, and the doctrine delivered by the Apos- ties ; but they had no right to add new inventions or take away anything. It was then the custom to place the holy Bible on a table where the members met, and all things were resolved according to it. They had just reason to expect that the promises made to the prayer of faith should be answered, as they were truly collected together in Christ's name, Matt. xviii. 20, also xxi, 22. Some centuries elapsed, " when the faith of many began to wax cold." When councils were held more for contriving how most effectually " to make merchandise of the people," than to be the instruments in God's hand of saving souls. Then heresies crept into councils, the morals of the clergy were corrupted, and hypocrisy succeeded real piety. 