[?] lieasons for subscribing to the XXXIX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland; htr Creeds and Confessions of Faith. — By A Layman. Written for Tut Sydney Standard. Article XXIII. ." It is a thing plainly repugnant to the word of God, and the custom of the Primitive Church, to have public prayer in the church, or to minister sacraments in a tongue not undcrstandcd by the people." In St. Paul's first epistle to the Corinthian Church, in the fourteenth chapter, and at the 19th verse, the apostle thus writes : — " Yd in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by sir voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue." This text is in itself conclusive in reference to the article, but the. student of sciipture,and the subscriber to the article, derives abundant proof of the mind of the Almighty upon this point, from the remaining portion of this chapter. It wete strange were the Almighty to expect impossibilities ; if believers only are to be saved everlastingly, it stands to reason that there is something to be believed— if that something be the written oracles of God, those oracles must be written in a language understood of those for whose learning they were written. The truths of the written word of God are addressed to the understanding; it is the act of the understanding to believe, though it is often a proof of the want of understanding to doubt things which ought to be believed. The com mand of Jehovah is tb "search the scriptures;'" the Bereans were commended for so doing; the practice of our Saviour himself was to address the multitude in the vulgar tongue; on the day of Pentecost, when the outpouring of the Iloly Spirit was made manifest to hundreds, both disciples and non-disciples, it is recorded that although in that assemblage there were men of many different nations, such was the miraculous effect of the Holy Spirit that men of every nation heard in their respective languages the great truths of revelation propounded to them by a few uneducated fishermen. The providential care of God is beautifully manifested in the fact of the holy scriptures having been written in two of the most primitive languages, which in the nature of things were incapable of being corrupted, so that the learned of all nations having the original lan- guages to reier to, uau, ami sun nan: 11 in men power to detect any material error in the transla tion of the sacred volume into more modern tongues — had it been otherwise, were it impos sible to render the Hebrew and ancient Greek into modern languages, it would have become an act of necessity for all to have studied the original text. Blessed be Cod the fact is otherwise and it is in the power-ef man to communicate to man the blessed truths of the inspired volume in a lan guage with which he is familiar, and ths possibi lity of doing so clearly involves the duly of doing so. The excuse set forth by the Doctors and defenders of the Apostate Church of Rome, for throwing the veil of Latinily over the face of scripture, and thus concealing its beauties and utility from all but the learned few, is flimsy and philosophically unsound and contradictory. Latin was r.ot used by the inspired penmen. The Ro manists pretend that by preserving the scriptures in the Latin text, they thereby secure them from the dangers incideut to translations into more modern languages, why not hnve retained the ori ginal texts, why translate them into Latin if that were the real object ? I am perfectly aware of the fallacy of this argument, but it is one of those fallacies which has served to keep two- thirds of Europe in a state of heathen ignorance of the holy scriptures. At the Reformation, the magic of deception and superstition lost its power. A flood of light was let in upon the darkened world, and men were enabled to say as the multitude did on the day of Pentecost — " Behold, are not all these Galileans 1 And how hear we every man in our own tongue," yes, the tongue of divine truth was loosed. And God spake to bis people in their " own tongue," The seal of the Beast was bro ken, and cast to the winds by the Angel of Truth, and God was glorified with the understandings of his people, instead of being insulted with vain babblings and dumb pantomiueas practised in Roman worship. Truth like a whirlwind swept the unhallowed miscreants of Rome from the temples of regenerated England. And a grateful nation's seal was impressed on the leaves of the eternal record, and with this inscription imprinted thereupon, " search the scriptures from all things, and holdfust that which is good." By a solemn act of the three. estates of the nation, it .was decreed that the Bible should be rendered into English, and rend in English in the churches, and that worship should henceforth be couducted in the vulgar tongue, so that God might henceforth receive the homage of the under standing as well as of the body — in support of this article little reasoning or argument is neces sary, the more exercise of a small share of com mon sense is all that is required to convince the mind that Gud requires us to worship him with our understandings, for it is only through the medium of understanding that we are enabled to perceive that God is entitled to our vvorship. Article XXV. — Or the Sacraments. " There arc two Sacraments ordained by Christ our Lofd in the Gospel, that is to say, Baptism and the Supper of the Lord." The apostate Church of Rome and her twin sister the Greek Church, have seven sacraments, whioh are Bap tism, the Lord's Supper, Confirmation, Penance, Orders, (Iloly) Matrimony, aud Extreme Unc tion ; for the last five our article says " they have siol any visible sign or ceremony ordained of God." In the Anglican Church the ancient custom is with propriety retained of holding public confir mation in the church. We read in the 14th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles the following account, 21st and 22nd verses, " And when they had preached the gospel to that city, and had taught many, they returned aguin to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch, Confirming the souls of . the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith." This custom, were it deficient of direct inspired authority, is in its uature and object every way salutary and perfectly consistent, but however expedient, or however useful as a means, it does not partake of the nature of a sacrament for the reasons stated in the article, it was not instituted by the Lord's authonty, but was practised by his inspired ministers as a wholesome discipline. As I purpose offering some remarks on this subject at another time I shall for the present merely observe that the Anglican Church retains the practice simply because it is considered as a good means to a good end. Pennnce — no word in the New Testament has been so falsely translated by Romanisis as the word Penance, the Greek word ptravoiirt should be translated repent, in die Rheimish Testnmentit is rendered " do penance," in the Latin vulgate, " panitentihin agcte ;" the word which we translate " repented," which is the past participle of " repent," is thus written in the Gleek ptrtvoi/aav, in the vulgate " egis- sent panitentidm," in the Rheimish version, " had done penance." Let the classicarscholar take the Greek Testament, the Rheimish, and .the Latin vulgate, and he will find that wherever the words ptravoktre and ptnvot)<r&i;> occur in the New Testament, lie will invariably find tliem rendered as I have stated above. I was once told by a Popish Divine that I raised a distinc tion where there was no difference of principle involved, but the fact is obviously different; a man may perform an act of outward contrition or perform some penitentiary work imposed by his spiritual instructor, and be at the same time as far removed from penitential feeling or sorrow for sin ns he had been when he committed the sin for which he is to do penance. . Repentance, to be sincere and effectual, involves the necessity of feeling sensibly, first, the nature, and secondly, the consequences of sin. Sin, no matter of what kind, is an act of rebellion against God, and the penalty of sin is death. Sin. must be slain in the sinner, or the sinner must be slain on account of sin. When sin, or a sense of the nature and consequences of sin, is sensibly felt and com prehended, it becomes a question with con science, whether the consequences are such as to induce sorrow and contrition, and not whether it shall be atoned for by pecuniary or other sacri fices. The awakened sinner feels convinced that he has it not in his power to offer any other sacrifice to offended Deity, than llint which has been made by the Saviour of mankind. lie cannot make any atonement, though he may offer a sacrifice acceptable in the sight of God — which is " a broken and a contrite heuit." The Spirit of Truth first inspires him with a knowledge of his offence, and this knowledge convinces him of the consequence. He is then urged by the same Divine influence to feel sorrow, aud to seek to be reconciled to God through our Lord Jesus Christ. He does not ask God to be reconciled to liirn, but he seeks by the appointed means to reconcile himself to God. Such a man is a re pentant man, and the evidence of his sincerity will be exhibited in bis care to avoid sin in future. The careful avoidance of sin from" a conviction of its batefulness to God, is the most powerful proof of thorough repentance which finite beings can exercise, 1 feel I could easily enlarge upon this fundamental point, but doing so would occupy more space than I desire, sufficient is it to my purpose to show that penance as understood by Romanists, has no foundation in scripture, and is therefore rejected by the An glican Catholic Church. Repentance in the Anglican Church is a result, not a cause. Iloly Orders — my opinion of Holy Orders is clearly set forth in my comments on the Article XXIII. The Anglican Church retains the apostolic usage in regard to the ordering of spiritual officers, be cause it was an apostolic usage — but it does not view it in the exalted light of a Sacrament, because II MUX 7<(/fr Ufly UlblVLC Afgn 1/7 LC7 C 771(7 7(y Vt UUlHClt of God." While on the other hand it has the seal, of Divine approbation, 'in that it was a usage of the inspired servants of God, and therefore may not be deviated from to please schismatics or those who would be wise above that which is written. Matrimony has precisely the same sanction. Our Lord himself gave it his per sonal sanction, and made it honourable. Die object of giviog the sanction of religions import to this state of life needs little argument, viewed merely in a politic sense too much can scarcely be said in its favour, but when it is remem bered that God, hi the person of his adorable Son, thought so highly of it as to institute a comparison between the legitimate union of man with woman to the indissoluble connexion between himself and his Church, how much honour did lie not confer by so doing ? Yet is there nothing hi this covenant which can be said to partake of the nature of a sacrament. Extreme Unction. — Of course the reader must be perfectly aware of the texts cited by Romanists in behalf of this falsely termed sacrament. Priests aud kings were anointed, or set apart, by an outward ceremony. Our Saviour said of the grateful woman, in reply to the Pharasaic objections of certain would-be holy Jews, " She hath done a good work, &c.;," but to say that because our Lord did not object to this outward proof of an inward principle that we are bound to infer that such a custom was ever after to have the force of sacramental obligation, is absurd in the extreme ; and when it is remembered how many deluded Papists there be who attach the most serious con sequences to this practice, no wonder that the Catholic Church reject it. The sacraments of the Christian, or Anglican CathoIicCliurch.are two — Baptism and the Lord's Supper. These two riles of the Christian Chutcli are held to be sacramental, because one was in stituted by Christ himself, (the -Lord's Supper,) and Baptism, though first administered by St. John, the harbinger of Christ, was imperfect until Christ himself made it complete by adding to it himself, as a recepient of. the rite, and coupling with it the gilt of the Holy Ghost — "John' baptised you with water unto repentance, I baptise you with water and with the Holy Spirit.® As I purpose making the subject of Baptism a distinct paper, I conclude my remarks upon this Article i>y pronouncing it to be in every sense orthodox, and therefore binding on the consciences of true Catholics. 