News of the Day. MANILLA AND JAVA SUGAR.–One reason why Manilla and Java sugars are less saleable in this market than Mauritius, is, the tender packages in which they arrive; from which circumstance they are less fit for a long journey into our interior. This objection, we learn, is in the course of obviation; by the introduction of mats of Isle of France manufacture into those places. This operation revives the remi- niscence of the honest Irishwoman, who, a few weeks since, after prigging a favorite pullet belonging to a neighbour, borrowed a saucepan of the identical neighbour, for the purpose of cooking the pullet afore- said; on which occasion, it will be recol- lected, the saucepan condescended to turn King's evidence as to the criminality of the borrower, by exposing to the horrified view of the owner, the body and bones of her slaughtered feathered friend. There is this difference, however, between the two cases–the neighbour lent her sauce- pan for the cooking of her own pullet– the Mauritians their mats for the dishing of themselves. WEATHER –Such was the severity of the weather on Monday last, that much business was suspended in Sydney. Among the sales postponed was Mr. Polack's sale of Mr. Ryder's valuable stock till to-mor- row. Mr. Smart also postponed the sale of the Lumley Estate to this day. LAW.–The Special Jury cases ought to commence this morning, but as there are two Common Jury cases standing over, it is not likely that the Special Jury will be required until the afternoon. The Court of Quarter Sessions for Sydney, commences its sittings this morning. It is supposed that the Court will sit during the whole month, as there is a very lengthy calendar. -Herald.–(Over in a month? No, nor in six if the calendar be long ! This Court never tries above half a trial a day, and sometimes only a quarter. The way it has been conducted the last five years is a mockery of public justice, an enormous waste of public money, and a perfect nui- sance to prosecutors and witnesses. The only class who rejoice in it is the petty thieves and vagabonds of the colony. Half of these get let off through the imbecility of our " notorious Court of Quarter Sessions.") NORFOLK ISLAND MAIZE.–8000 bushels of Maize, the produce of Norfolk Island, realised 9s. 6d. a bushel, at a Government sale held yesterday.– Correspondent. TIMOR PONIES.–We are glad to announce this week, the arrival from Port Essington, of sixty Timor Ponies, all broken in to sad- dle and harness, They are consigned to Capt Walker–S. Australian Gazette June 8. LADIES FASHIONS FOR FEBRUARY. (From the World of Fashion.)–Hats and Bonnets. The cottage shape seems to have decreased in favour, and the mode of trim- ming hats and bonnets with lace is even more general than last month ; we scar- cely see one of an elegant description that is not adorned with either white or black lace. Lace draperies intermixed with velvet flowers are also adopted–Evening Dresses: The fashion of covering the head is this winter more generally adopted, even by the very young married ladies, than we have ever konwn it. We must cite a singular pretty little cap, styled the bon- net guirlande ; it is of tulle, excessively small, placed quite at the back of the head, and encircled with a wreath of flowers. The bonnet Vestale, ornamented with heath blossoms, is also an elegant novelty; and the bonnet puff has the imposing air of the old style, with the lightness of the new.–General Observation on Evening and Ball Robes: Black velvet and satin robes are very much in vogue; several are trim- med with velvet flowers of very vivid colours. Coloured velvet or satin dresses, or those of Perkin, trimmed with black lace flounces, are also very fashionable; they have the corsages made tight, and encircled with lace mantillas of the flat kind, some of which form points upon the shoulders and bosom. Short sleeves, tight at the top, but trimmed at the bottom with bouil- lon or manchettes. Several ball dresses have the fronts disposed en tablier, and decorated with rich Gothic lace ; they are also sometimes trimmed with gold or silver blond lace, or with the material of the robe. Organdy dresses, which we must observe, are of the most exquisite fineness and tran- sparency, are embroidered in small patterns of sprigs upon the ground. The flounces which trim these dresses are cut bias, and embroidered in a pattern somewhat differ- ent from that of the ground, but yet bear- ing a resemblance to it.–Shawls ; Thibet fringe is in great favour for trimming shawls, both of velvet and satin. The most elegant of these superb fringes have a heading of velvet, with patterns of silk and gold in relief.–Cloaks ; Witzchouras both of velvet and satin are adopted in car- riage dress. It is yet early for their ap- pearance. Short cloaks trimmed with sable are also in great request; they are in general made with a large collar of the fur. One of the most elegant novelties of the month is a black satin cloak, bordered with an embroiderey of oak leaves, in two shades of green chenille, and edged with a full fall of double grounded black lace. In the Police case of George and Hoyle, the latter, who had summoned the former for a breach of the peace, did not make his appearance on the day appointed, viz., Friday. THEATRE.–The Theatre re-opens this evening, and if we may judge from the piece that is to be played, the same descrip- tion of trash that was brought out last sea- son will be repeated. It is no use writing on the subject, Almar is preferred to Shak- speare, Zillah Barnett to Sheridan, The Clerk of Clerkenwell to The Tempest, and The Bravo to any of the numerous beauti- ful comedies which are contained in Cum- berland's edition. If The Tempter and such pieces are kept up through the season, it will have the effect of driving the few respectable people who still go to the The- atre entirely away, and then, melo-dramas and ghosts, and red fires, and broadsword combats will be the order of the day. We know that the managers say that good pieces will not pay, but the reason is, that they are not properly got up. Generally speaking a tragedy or comedy is presented to the public without any care having been taken either as to the dresses or scenery, and the whole of the business is managed in the most slovenly manner. The trage- dies of Brutus and Virginius which were played about a year ago, although the act- ing was very poor, were well received, for no other reason than that some little trou- ble and care had been expended in the dresses and scenery. The Theatre will never be what it ought to be, until a stand- ard play is performed at least twice a week. –(Herald.)–When Mr. Lazaar treats the intelligent public with a Tragedy or Comedy of the old school and the house is not full, he says–" See there, I told, you so!" When he gets up one of his demon, or cut- and-thrust pieces, the house is no fuller. The lovers of sound plays might with equal consistency, or rather inconsistency, say " See there !" too. A full house is not to be expected, either for one sort or another. The Theatre, like a newspaper, should give news in turn to all its visitors. Legi- timates and illegitimates should each re- ceive their quota in due season. But the legitimates are quite out of the Theatre; it is a place they now do not think of. The trash of last season drove them out of the habit of going there, and now they see the bills, but they excite no attention. The respectable portion of the public have given the Theatre up, and it will be only by a perseverance in a course the opposite of that pursued the last season, that the cha- racter of the Sydney Theatre, as a place of intelligent recreation will be restored. We must have Shakspeare and Colman, and the best authors performed constantly, twice a week, if the Victoria is to resume its first character with the respectable pub- lic. We want no more expense to be laid out on the good old plays, than what is la- vished on the devils, and cut-throats, and Tom-fools of the last season.-ED. SYD. MON. A CASE OF SHOPLIFTING.–Yesterday afternoon as Mr. Aldis the tobacconist was engaged serving some gentlemen who came into his shop for snuff and cigars, he noticed a common man, like a porter, enter the door of his shop, and turn out of it suddenly again. As soon as he had got the gentlemen served, Mr. Aldis looked about the doors of his shop, where he has usually lots of tobacco-kegs and other packages stowed away, and he was somewhat startled on missing an entire keg of tobacco, which had been standing at the side of one of the doors just before the suspicious entrance and exit. Lundy Foot bolted out of his shop in pursuit of the vagabond that stole his keg of tobacco. At a distance in south George-street, he spied a fellow driving away with it at an unusually rapid rate. This was the very fellow running away with the keg–and so, after him at full cry, ran Mr. Aldis with all his might, till at last he overtook the rascal, after running himself completely out of wind. He had scarcely breath to cry stop thief! when the barrowman turned round–and behold, it was Mr. A.'s own porter, who had been to the Parramatta steamer with some kegs of tobacco, and finding that he had left one behind, he returned in haste for it, and carried it off without saying a word, as his master was engaged with the gentlemen at the time. How galling to have ran one's self out of breath to catch a thief, and after all to find all right, and no mistake ! – Colonist. FEMALE SLAVERY–SHIRT AND STAY MAKING.–An enormous quantity of these articles are made in the two parishes of' Portsmouth and Portsea, to the manifest detriment of the poor-rates and the morals of tee females employed, and which detri- ment and demoralization arise from the infamous and unjustly-low prices given for the work performed. The best workers cannot obtain 2s. a week, though they work early and late, and the fact will scarcely be credited, that a dozen of seamen's shirts are made for tenpence; and even this price has been known to be witheld on the al- legment that the work is bad ! A better ar- ticle, called yacht shirts, with full bosoms and stitched collars and cuffs, are made for 2s. 4d. per dozen. At these prices the wretched females cannot earn more than twopence a day Hampshire Telegraph. 