(Frow the Table Book.) When Greek meets Greek. — During . tlie reign of Louis the Fifteenth, three young men of St. Germain, who had just left the school, not knowing any one ur. couri, anu Having ucaru mat foreigners were always received there, resolved to disguise themselves as Ar meniuns, and go to see the ceremonies attending the admission of several knights of the order of the Holy Ghost. Their trick was as successful as they ; expected. When the procession was defiling through the long mirror gallery, the guards passed them in front, and ^requested every one to make way for 'the foreigners. Not content with 'this, however, they were so rash as to enter the antechamber, where they found iM. Cardonne and Rufin, interpreters of the Oriental languages, ns well as the first clerk of the consulates, whose office it was to watch over all that concerned Asiatics who might be in France. The :three scholars were immediately sur rounded aud questioned — first of all in jinodern Greek. Without being discon certed, they made signs to show that they did not understand it. They were ^.tlien addressed in Turkish and Arabic.; at last, one of the interpreters losing all patience, cries out ? Gentlemen, you niust surely understand some of the lan guages in which we have spoken to you. Where do you come from ?' 'From St. P'riiiain-eii-lave,' replied the boldest. | This is the first time you have asked us jn French. 'They then avowed the motive ortheir disguise ; the oldost of them was not eighteen. The story was told to Louis the Fifteenth who laughed exces sively, and ordered them to be imprison d for a few hours, and then set at I jberly with a good scolding.' Tht Wiy Riot.— In the year 1764. o\vin-r to changes in the fashion, people gave over the use of that very aituici.il ; appendage the wig;, and wore their own | hair when tfiey had any. In conscience i of this, the wig makers who had liecome J very numerous in London, were suddenly i thrown out of work, and reduced to great distress. For some time both town and country rang with their calamities, and their complaints that men should wear their own hair instead of peruquiers' ; and at last it struck them that some legislative enactment ought to be procured in order to oblige gentlefolks to wear witrs. for the benefit of the sutferiug wig-uade. Accordingly they drew up a petition »'or relief, which on the 11 tli of February, '1765, they carried to St. J.uues.s ti- present to his Majesty Geor-je the Third. As thev went professionally through the town, it was observed that most of these wig makers, who wanted to force other peo ple to wear them, wore no wigs them selves; and this striking tho London mob as something monstrously unfair and inconsistent, they seized the peti tioners and cut offall their hair par force. Horace W'aipule, who alludes to this ludicrous petition, says, * Should one wonder if carpenters were to remon strate, thai since I lie peace their trade decays, nnd that there is no demand for wooden legs ? — Letters to the JSarl of Hertford. 