The Courier. FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 8, 1839. IN common with others, we hail fallen into an error, with respect to the time in which convicts, after their probationary period of service on the roads, were en- titled to receive tickets-of-leave. We find, upon inquiry, that no change what- ever is to be made, and that precisely the same regulations, that arc in force under the present, aro to be continued under the new system. The period of proba- tion whatever ¡t may be, though never exceeding a twelvemonth, is, of course, to be deducted from the ordinary four years they must serve before obtaining this indulgence. Nor are wages to be apportioned, until they procure the ticket of-Icave, and even then, there is to be a fixed scale, by which their demands are to be regulated-the highest rate not ex- ceeding £20. The only difference that exists between this indulgence, and the present, is that the party holding cannot be deprived of it but by a bench of magis- trates. The second class ticket-of-leave is in effect what a conditional pardon now is, there being no controul whatever as to residence. The changes, therefore, are, in effect, limited to these three points. 1st, AU convicts, on landing, arc to be transferred at once to the roads, being classed according to offences and cha- racter, to work for different periods of four, eight, and twelve months, as may be determined upon hereafter. 2dly, Assignment is to be done away with in towns, and in certain instances in the country, in in-door service. 3dly, Ticket of-leave men are to be allowed to reside in towns, on obtaining employment.-The scale of wages, and the second class ticket-of-leave, are mere matters of de- tail, nor can the latter provision be car- ried into effect, without an Act of Coun- cil, when it may form a question of dis- cussion. Are these then, we confidently ask, the changes that are to bring luin and confusion upon the colony? To what do the complaints amount after all ? That a twentieth, or sixteenth, of the la- bour of the convict is to be taken away the uses of the government, and thereby of the colony generally, for the purposes of improving his moral condition as well as teaching him that transportation is no longer a lottery. His condition will be at once defined, and determined, and though he will be conscious of his obli- gation to work, he will at the same time know" 2nd feel, that there is an ulterior state, to which he can look forward as an alleviation of present toll, and be sti- mulated to attain it, by means of good conduct and industry. Wo argue far more favourably of these probationary gangs than we can do of the penal ones that exist upon the roads at present. These are looked upon by the convicts composing them, as involving a punish- ment within a punishment, which adds in ( their estimation another link to the chain I they drag. But take them fresh from J the ship, and place thom upon the roads, . and it will be found that they will under- go their sentence, patiently, at least, if not with readiness, and that their minds can be easily worked upon by the hope of promised reward. Let a convict be asked, who has worked for any time in the hulks, what difference there exists between that state, and one of assignment, and he will express himself compara- tively happy in the latter. And yet we are to be told that the present system 13 one of the most dreadful coercion, and has the most baneful effects upon the mind of the convict as well as the em- ployer-that it taints civilization» and like a poison deadens the feelings of hu- manity ! But what are we to have in its stead? Look on the picture we propose and then look on this ! (By the bye, we would advise our Austral-Asiatic contem- porary not to impute to us a confusion that has birth only in his own brain.) According to the resolutions of the House of Commons we arc to have peni- tentiaries, over the doors of which might be written the inscription that Dante has placed over the gates leading to his Inferno-' that hope entereth not here.' Immured in dungeons, shut out even from the daily prospect of nature's blessings, they are to waste the energies of life in a cheerless solitude, uncomfort ed except by the moral training admoni- tion» of the daily task-master. But it will be said, that though shut out from the world they feel not the sting of shame, that must cling to them when abroad. What admirable tenderness is this ! It is gilding the pill with more than an ordinary portion of sentimenta-^ lity. They shall be hung, like Lord Ferrers, with silken ropes. After this cloistered solitude, when at the ex E¡ration of seven or fourteen years they ave expiated their crimes and atoned for their past transgressions, they shall be dropped into a strange land, lest by any chance their improved sensibilities might suffer a wound from the supposition, that they were once offenders. This is indeed killing them with kindness ! Are we to presume, as some of the stupid supporters of Captain Maconochie affirm, that these resolutions are based upon his recom- mendations? Ne such thing, or we have greatly mistaken his book. Had they been founded upon the system he -proposes, though we might not altogether agree with them, we cannot help con- cluding they would have been infinitely more sensible. But of the present pro- posed plan which is about to be carried into effect let Captain Maconochie have the credit of the probationary period of moral training recommended under it. We are not willing to deprive him of the triumph, but though he has insisted upon this topic most forcibly, yet still it is a consideration that has not been over- looked by others. However, be the honour whose it may, the system is now to be adopted although universal outcry is the consequence, and precisely for the reasons we have advanced-the slight limitation of labour to the colonists. "The pound of flesh" is claimed as a matter of right and title, as if trans- portation were to be made alone sub- servient to their wants, and not at the same time to be regarded by the home government as a means of punishment. We admit and acknowledge the evil, and deeply deplore that the scarcity of labour renders all argument on the sub- ject futile ; but we do not apprehend the consequences can at all be so pernicious as have been predicted from the withdrawal of a small proportion of labour-say on an average a sixteenth which, it is to be remembered is not lost to the community, but bestowed on public works, in a manner that must prove beneficial to all. Let us, on the other hand, regard a system, propounded upon the resolutions of the House of Com ) mons, and see what its effects must be. Willie the convict will be placed in an infinitely worse position, hi3 labour will be of no avail to the colony, and wc must inevitably be driven to other re- sources to procure it. How far its dis- continuance as a penal colony may affect emigration, we arc not prepared to say ; but we shall have to contend against that mania for new projects and settlements, which never fails to affect people 'at home,' aided too perhaps by the esta- blishment of their success. We will admit that Lords John Russell, Howick, and Duncannon, all members of the government, are disposed iii favour of a sweeping change in the present system, and it may be the establishment of penitentiaries; but we can assuro our readers, on undoubted authority, that Lords Melbourne, Glenelg, Minto, and Palmerston are opposed to it, and that, therefore, such a project is not likely to emanate from the Cabinet. Moreover, a measure, that would entail an additional expense of two millions on the people, is not likely to find much favour in the eyes of the present House of Commons. But pending these evils, let us now refer to the imaginary ones, about to be im- posed upon us. Assignment is going to be done away with in towns, but ticket of-leave men are allowed to resort thither. The country folks complain that they are to be deprived of their best servants in consequence of this measure. Now though ' God made the country, and man made the town,' we im ver iiiougnt tnc tormur was ex- clusively designed for improvingthc con- stitution of ticket-of-leuve men. Where the greater temptation exists, the greater is the necessity for having some check over servants, and that it is to be found in a ticket-of-lcave. If they have the exclusive advantage of assignment in the country, the least they can give us, is the chance of obtaining ticket-of-leuve men iu town, particularly, where the highest rat« of wages to be fixed, will amount to but £20, and if the object is so great, they can very V/ell afford to give this sum. It will be four.«1; therefore, that these changes will make but iittlo differ- ence in our present condition-that the evils to flow from them have been ex- aggerated, while the benefits have never I been taken into calculation-that our . very able and respected contemporary, I the Launceston Advertiser, has rather I too figutatively introduced the proposers, ? as experimentalists in chemistry, seeking ' to amalgamate discordant materials, while the fact is the crucible system is intro- duced for the purpose of making the metal more pure andbright, and sending out new-convict labourers of a better stamp. In conclusion, we would beg our readers to look to the intended peni- tentiary-penal-humbug-scheme, as con- trasted with the new system proposed ; and wc arc much mistaken if they will not feel disposed to adopt the latter very cheerfully, and with honest Sancho " thank God for the giver, nor look the gift horse in the mouth." Our readers will find in another part of our journal the Minute of Sir George Arthur, to which we alluded last week as having reference to the late disturb* anees in Canada, and the cases of Lount and Matthews. It will form a tolerably good commentary on the attacks which are continually made against him here, as incapable of adopting a broad and liberal policy uncircumscribed by narrow and unstatesmanlike views. We see that the despatches are carefully eschewed by those broad policy panderere to the un- popularity that is falsely assumed to cling to the name as well as government of Sir George Arthur. It was enough for them to disseminate the poison without conveying the antidote-to point to Sir George Arthur as the executioner of two Canadian patriots-to say here is the man who ruled us with a rod of iron look to the corollary of the problem of ( this government as evinced in Canada ! his first acts are registered in blood! Kow these »otes sound particularly dreadful ; but should it turn out that they are all upon a wrong key-all false from beginning to end-one would ex- pect some slight movement expressive of a mistake. But no, they never mention the despatches-' their names are never heard ;' in mute and inglorious silence are they permitted to pass by the array of confused and elongated visages-me- lancholy mourners who would gladly see them " quietly inurned," that their ghosts might not rise up to score them 9 from tbe^r unholy purposes. Yet are s?&&> ^ïï-figslsi we to hear the continual cant about dis ingenuity, with a professed regard for candour, and a pervading doctrine of right, which forms; the exact counterpart of the orthodoxy of the high church- man, namely, "orthodoxy, my doxy; heterodoxy, any other man's doxy." We are not here called upon to enter upon the question of Colonel Arthur's government of Van Dicvnen's Land, which is constantly made the subject of idle vituperation in order to gratify feelings of personal resentment. That the information borrowed by some of our contemporaries is derived from such sources as these is obvious from its in- troduction. We shall, therefore, let it go for what it is worth, without entering upon a discussion upon the principles of government, as carried out in that of Colonel Arthur, either to the making or marring the .fortunes of individuals. The improved state of the country and the security afforded to life and property will weigh against a multitude of com- plaints. We do not, however, deem it out of place here to notice an at- tack which has been directed against Captain Montagu, who is shortly about to take his departure for England. We believe that the general estimation in which he is held in this colony is not likely to be disturbed by the industrious breath of calumny-that his mail is of proof against the brittle arrows of his antagonists. We can readily credit that he has been found rather a rough reasoner-that his strong common sense, aided by great self-possession and de- termination, has easily broken down the flimsy and feeble pretexts of his enemies, and laid bare their absurdities with more than common skill. His strong under- standing led him at once to detect, while his calm aud collected deportment ena- bled lum the more fully to expose, the manouvres of his adversaries. He was never to be taken aback, but was alsvays ready at his post, walcltful and wakeful, and with untiring zeal in the public service. Hence, though none can deny his courtesy, or question his ability, we have the usual cant about comprehen- siveness of capacity; and because he was enabled to expose the weak side of his opponent, he was, therefore, not com- petent to judge of the general policy of a measure. Again must we refer to the orthodoxy principle, as conveying the best comment on the broad policy pro- fessors of the science of government. Captain Montagu must carry with him from these shores the general esteem and respect of the colonists, for the in- dustry as well as ability, the urbanity as well as zeal, whirh have ever charac- terised him in the discharge of his official duties. His opponents can only recon- cile his return with a change of the government, when the Governor will be "a master.who will not sink himself into the* slave}" for this is the courteous expression of a wiiter who deprecates all personalities as quite foreign to his " universally religious, moral, and rigor- ous" disposition, yet by some strange fatality falls into a violation of all decency, that might find a ready echo in LMUtnçogulc, but ¡a little; suited IO lllC meridian of any respectable portion of society. Instead of exciting sympathy, it is certain to provoke universal exe- cration. It will be sometime before Captain Montagu returns to this colony ; but in the mean time we may be allowed, we think, to unite with a very large pro- portion of our readers, in wishing him all happiness in his projected visit to the mother country. Ecce ilerum Crispinus f-Captain Maconochie and penal science-again again must we have these subjects ob- truded upon our attention, until they become wearisome to ourselves, as they must surely be to our readers. At one moment the speaking trumpet of our Austral-Asiatic contemporary is heard afar ; at another, the bleating penny one of some drivelling scribbler ; and anon the procession is completed by the bag- pipe drone of the 7asmanian, in the doleful whine of mock morality, like the Rev. Mr. Stiggins over a pious glass of hot rum and water. It is unfortunately a most unmusical concert, in which there is scarce any concord or sweet sound.-. TOUCHSTONE.-Truly, young gentlemen, though there was no great matter in the ditty, yet the note was very untuneable. 1st PAGE.-You are deceived Sir: we kept time-we lost not our time. TOUCH.-By my troth, yes; I count it but time lost to hear such a foolish song. God be nit h you, gentlemen, and God mend your voice» t Never certainly were strains more inhar- monious. In the first instance we hear that the new system proposed, is Captain Maconochie's plan, ergo a blast both loud and shrill must be sounded-the penny trumpeter strains his throat in chorus, and the dying notes are prolonged by the conventicle chaunt and solemn blow of the Tasmanian. *I he penny trumpeter next tries a »oh, and discovers that the recommendations of the Parliamentary Committee are all in accordance with Captain Maconochie's views, and an im- mediate flourish is f>ivcn in consequence ; but our Austral-Asiatic musician asham- ed, as he needs must, of being identified with the tin trumpeter in such a ridicu- lous essay, blows a blast of his own, in which he denounces the Penitentiary penal-humbug system ; and after a long drawn respiration, and inhaling a fresh body of wind, thunders forth an ana- thema against those who would confound them together. The Tasmanian, in the mean time, gives out a few verses from Lord Howick's report, and chaunts to the praises of moral training, but sinks his voice when he comes to Peniten- tiaries. Such is the present state of the con- cert, which possesses about as much har- mony as that of sweeps on a May morn- ing, dancing round Jack o' (he Green. Now Captain Maconochie's plans must be exceedingly various to adapt them- selves so readily to change of circum- stances. Are wè to understand that he coincides with the recommendation of the Parliamentary Committee in the esta- blishment of Penitentiaries, exclusively for the purpose of trying the morai 2iiCT.~J. *y^ training system ? or are we to take the I more modified plan of Lord Howick, | which would divide the time of their sen- tence, and subject them at first to coer- cive discipline ? We deem that the ob- ject can be as easily attained, by making them work, as at present suggested, on the (coads, or for the improvement of waste' lands, as has been already men- tioned in Captain Maconochie's book. But there is one thing overlooked in all these enlightened schemes-that the con- dition of the convict will be rendered in- finitely more severe under such a system. But it is nominally for his redemption a very good object, doubtless, but not so easily effected ; and where men arc kept under immediate restraint, there is little opportunity given to prove their progress in morality, removed, as they must be, from the scene of all temptation. We had forgotten to notice another assertion of one of Captain Maconochie's sup- porters, that had it not been for his judi- cious nnd bold interference in behalf of the colonists, transportation would be abolished. This was another catch of the tin trumpeter that ought to have been introduced into the concert, but it is well worthy the attention of our readers. For our part, this penal reformation and discipline system seems to have taken possession of Captain Maconochie's whole thoughts, and being-that he has argued and persuaded himself into the full belief of the most monstrous and ag- gravated evils under the present order of things, and that he sees no remedy but in its destruction-that he is exactly in the position of the man who dreamed that York Minster was on fire, and so felt the force of the obligation to sec his dream fulfilled, that he applied the torch himself. 