CHURCH AND STATE. Tiie arguments in favour of the Church of England, as given by the Rev. Mr. Meek, are concluded in this number, and we be lieve we are warranted in saying that there is no Church in existence for whom, so much could be said with equal truth. It is Our intention in future, to give extracts from standard works on Divjnity in our fourth page, and such original contributions as we may be enabled to command. (To those who take an interest iti the cause'of Truth, we beg to call their attention to the reasons of a Layman for subscribing to the Thirty-nine Articles, and for adopting the Creeds and Confessions of Faith of the Anglican Church. Tfte present state of bur own country, considered in a religious point of view; is such- as to demon strate the insufficiency of the voluntary system Tor the purpose of national religious instruction. Ask lite Dissenter, himself, wlietiier the people of this country are yet adequately supplied with religious teachers and places of worship I . He will, without liesitation, reply, they are, not. What then is iheconsequence of this one allowed fact ? Why, that the united effects .of Tiie com pulsory and voluntary systems together are in sufficient to supply those.wants which the Dis senters are urging the Legislature to leave to the niercy of the voluntary, system alone; and this after the voluntary system has been worked for nearly two centuries, with all the zeni and assi duity with which good and bad feelings could inspire its friends, and preached up through all the corners of the land. The voluntary principle in a city or town, where t ho religious feeling has been sufficiently called into exercise, may rear a place of worship, and support a standing minis try : but it would leave our thousands ofvillages, and tire scattered population of our rural dis tricts, destitute of the means of grace, or for the most part dependent on the casual instruction of itinerant teachers, many of whom should be con tent to learn, rather than assume the office of teaching, the principles of religion to others. If any thing be necessary to be added to what has already been remarked of the inefficiency of the voluntary system, it is supplied by the example of America. To America the Dissenter points with triumph, in support of the efficacy of his favourite principle. "I refer next," savs Mr. James, of Birmingham, "to America; and the anxiety manifested to deprive us of the force of this proof of the power of the voluntary princi ple, plainly shows the importance which is at tached to it by our opponents." What, how ever, is tiie stale of America, as it regards reli gious instruction, after all the mighty results of thu voluntary principle? We must learn this, not from the partial representations of mere the orists but from . the unbiassed statements of Americans themselves. It appears, from the testimony of American divines — and the writers principally referred to are not Episcopalians, but Presbyterians — that in consequence of the great body of the people being left to provide and maintain their own religious teachers, " great numbers are without any religious teachers at all, or at least without any who deserve the name; and vast districts are, to all appearance, rapidly sinking into heathenism. No public honour nmd tO God's mimr tut Snhlvillt nhcorvnnrtfje nn solemn forms of worship, no stated exposition ol Scripture, no ministerial oversight, nor guidance ; — not for want of men who are ready to enter upon a field of labour the most unpromising, if a bare subsistence were piovidcd lor them ; but because the people will not be at the cost of their maintenance, nor of churches for them to preach in. Such, we are verily persuaded, is the stale of things into which our own country would gradually verge, if its national Church were sub verted ; and this surely is a state of things, the hare possibility of which may well inspire a dread of such an experiment into the niinds of those who desire tire happiness and prosperity of their country, and who are persuaded that with out religion, that is, without Christianity, no people can be really happy nor permanently prosperous. Deprive the nation of its regular clergy, take from litem the moderate endowments that are left them out of the spoils of a far wealthier Church, and what will you effect? Tire transfer of those endowments, from those who earn litem by a faithful discharge of the most important public duties, to those who are not bound to the performance of any. But you will do more titan this. You will shut up, in many a village and hamlet of our land, not only the parsonage, but the school and the dispensary — lite local centre and shrine of knowledge, and charity, and sympathy, and order; and you will leave the people without any antagonist prin ciple, to counteract the workings of a corrupt nature, acted upon at every moment by the elements of disorder and confusion, and driven to and fro by every gust of wild opinion and fa natical impiety. While the Church of England has been most extensively useful in supplying our own popula tion with the means of religious instruction, site pefers equal claims on our love and gratitude, on account of her successful efforts in spreading the Gospel among unenlightened nations abroad. The Church of England possesses this charac teristic of an Apostolic Church : she is animated by a missionary spirit. Iler charity towards man kind is bounded only by the extent of man's misery — it is as wide as the world. With what a spirit of Christian compassion does she pray — " Have niercy upon ail Jews, Turks, Infidels, ant Heretics, and take from (Item all hardness of heart and contempt of thy word ; and so fetcli them home, blessed Lord, to thy flock, that they may be saved among the remnant of the true Israelites, and he made one fold under one Shep herd, Jesus Christ our Lord !" And is not Iter conduct in beautiful accordance with this prayer? By means of her church establishment in the East and West Indies — iter venerable Society for the Propogation of the Gospel — Iter missionary, and other kindred institutions, she is extensively and successfully' spreading " tiie Gospel of lite graoe-of God" among nations where a few years back " Christ was not named." V. The' religious services of the Church of England are scriptural, and characterized by sim plicity,' solemnity; and adaptation to the circum stances of her members: In her authorized formu laries of devotion there is a decided and frequent recognition of all those great doctrines of Chris tianity, necessary to salvation, and the edification of the Christian Church. " The general strain of her Liturgy is scriptural, evangelical, and ex perimental: It recognizes with precision the One great object of worship, in His personal dis tinctions, and glorious attributes — tiie honours and offices of the Redeemer — the power and agency of the Holy Spirit — the evil of sin — the depravity of man— and nil the distinguishing doctrines of tiie Gospel. As to the composition, I question if any in the English language -(our version of the Bible excepted) is worthy of being compared with it, for simplicity, perspicuity, energy, and comprehensive fulness of expression." To this testimony of a deceased clergyman, may be added that of an esteemed living one: — " The matter is so majestic and meek — so supplicatory of all good, and deprecatory of all evil — so ex pressive of humility and reverence, of faith and hope, of gratitude gnd. love ; and the petitions, though numerous, are so short and devotional, yet so full of the best desires for the Church and the world, for Gentiles and Jews, for lite honour of God and the happiness of man, that we can not imagine an objection, in an unprejudiced and Christian mind. That whiclt gives the whole a peculiar excellency, is the Christian use it makes of that name — whiclt is above every name— the name of Jesus, which it delights to exalt. The perpetual reference also to those influences which alone can direct the understandings and affections of men in the way of wisdom and peace, shows the firm faith of our Reformers in ' the Holy Ghost as the Lord and Giver of life and this imparls vitality to the. whole. For this heavenly energy breathes throughout, whether we are pouring (orlh our desires for our gracious sove reign or his council — for lite clergy or the peo ple — for the Church or the world. The comprehensiveness and adaptation of the Liturgy to the diversified feelings and circum stances of her worshippers, are unrivalled in any other formularies of devotion, aud show that those who composed it must have been endowed with no ordinary measure of divine influences. In every state of feeling, and under every, pos sible variety of circumstances, here are petitions which meet our wants, whether they be temporal or spiritual. Applicable as this remark is to the whole book of Common Prayer, it will with peculiar force apply to the Litany. There must be something wrong in the state of that person's heart, who feels that the use of suclt scriptural and devout prayers lends to produce formality, and who does not feel a devotional spirit thereby excited and improved. i To tiie testimonies which haye been given to lite excellency of the devotional formularies of the Church by two of her clergy, and which mav on that account he regarded as rather purtial, wo will add the testimony of ministers who 'dis sented from her communion. The late pious and eloquent Robert llall, one of the most distin guished Dissenters of his day, says of tho Liturgy — " The evangelical purity of its senti ments, lite chastised fervour of its devotion and the majestic simplicity of its language, have com bined to place it in the very first rank of unin spired compositions." Another distinguished Dissenter observes— "The Liturgy secures the reading of a large portion of the scriptures. Ite. sides the aid it affords lo the most devout and spiritual, a great body of evangelical truth is, by constant use, laid up in the minds of children anil ignorant people ; and when they begin to pray under the influence of religions feeling, they are lurntslied with suitable, sanctifying, solemn, and impressive petitions. Persons well acquainted with the Liturgy are certainly in a state of im portant preparation for the labours of the preacher and their piety often takes a richer and more sober character from that circumstance." VI. The Church of England exhibits, at the present time, abundant evidence of the presence and blessing of God with her. It is a fact well deserving of attention, that, in the present day when the tide of latitudinarianism and opposition has set in against her, and when she is most threatened with danger, the Establishment is most honoured and blessed of God. At no former period, in the memory of any living, could she point to such numerous congregations— to 3 an equai number of clergy, so diligent, so r.rn- ! Ions, and so successful in promoting the best interests of mankind and the glory of God? If in days past— and past, we "trust, for ever, she was reproached by her adversaries with formality and inefficiency, God lias remarkably interposed lo roll away Iter reproacli ; for the glory of the Lord is risen upon her! This prosperous stale of religion in the Church of England, contributes in no small degree to the religious improvement of those communities which are separated from her. It is the order of God, that whom lie makes the recipients of his blessings, those lie renders blessings to others—" I will bless thee, and thou shall be a blessing." One illustration of this truth we have seen in the beneficial influence which it enables the establishment to exert at home: this also renders her an extensive bles sing to distant and unenlightened parts of the earth; Willi what astonishing success she is fulfilling her benevolent commission of spreading the Gospel throughout the world, the records of her'religious institutions declare. Such proofs ol the presence and the blessing of God with tho Established Church, prove that she is not "contrary to the spirit, and detrimental to the interests or Christianity and ought lo conciliate towards her the best wishes, and secure 1 for her the prayers of till Christians. Can at- j tachment and conformity to a church so blessed 1 of God be a sin, or a mark of folly ? Is not J hostility to iter to fight against God > Notwitli- standing some things objected lo her, tho Church | of England has in the particulars which have 1 been stated, claims to prefer, sufficient to restrain 9 those wlto keep at a distance from Iter cotnmu- I nion, to say, " He will go with you, for toe per - I ceite that God is with you." ' 1 