TIE COMPLAINT OF OUR PORT PHILLIP SUBSCRIBERS. Tr our number before last we quoted a paragraph from The Port Phillip Gazette announcing it as the intention of many of the residents in that settlement to discontinue their subscriptions to the Sydney papers, because of late they have gene rally had the Sydney news from the Launceston journals sooner than their own papers have been received by Post. This, they do us the justice to believe, is not ascribable to any fault of the proprietors of the Sydney journals, but simply to some gross neglect or shameful mis-management in the Sydney Post Office. We understand that the practice of late has been to detain the papers for Port Phillip till opportunities occurred of for warding them by sea, instead of despatching them regularly and punctually by the overland mail. The only reason that can be assigned for this arrangement is, that the weekly despatches of newspapers from the various offices in Sydney are so bulky as to exceed the capability of the over-land mail to carry them under existing cir cumstances. Now, if this be the reason which has given rise to the delay complained of, we have no hesitation in saying, that it is one which furnishes no valid excuse for the disadvantage and loss which it occasions, not only to be pro- prietors of the Sydney newspapers, but to the public at large. What matter is it though the mail between Yass and Melbourne may have been conveyed heretofore by a man on horse-back, who could not be expected to perform the journey with proper dispatch, burdened to excess with a cart load of Sydney newspapers ? That is not the question. The question ought to be—if a vehicle of some kind be required to forward the news papers as well as letters from Sydney to Mel- bourne overland, why is it not at once procured ? Will our respected Postmaster-General so far forget the importance of the object hereby to be attained, and the energy and despatch so essential to the right administration of his office, as to stagger for one moment at the consideration of expense ? No; we trust not. We are sure nothing would afford him greater pleasure than to improve every branch of the colonial post system, and we only hope that the means of carrying his wishes in this case into immediate execution may be liberally afforded him. What a shame and scandal it is to our Sydney post office, that it should be published to the world that the Sydney news are received through the Launceston journals at Port Phillip sooner than subscribers receive their own purchased copies of the Sydney papers forwarded to them by Her Majesty's post! It The fact, indeed, is so shameful that we are almost sure the griev- ance will be remedied without the slightest possible delay. We hope, therefore, that our friends and subscribers in Port Phillip will rest contented that the delay they complain of has not been our fault, and that it is likely they will never have the same complaint to make again. If they have, Mr. Raymond will no doubt answer for it. Fr.on a I RKET.-=There is not, we are credibly informed, six weeks' supply of grain or flour at present in the colony, and no importation is ex pected,' we believe, within that time. The fact of the supply remaining in the market having fallen into the hands principally of one mercantile house in town, has had the effect of suddenly raising the prices to their present high rate. First flour is selling at 701. per ton; second at 651.; and third at 601. Bran is selling at 3s. per bushel. Wheat is selling at 27s. 6d. per bushel. We believe that Messrs. Hughes and Hosking have now the monopoly of the flour market; all the other millers having exhausted their stock. If that be the case, Messrs. Hughes and Hosking should throw up the Government contract, and make Her Majesty pay as dear for her supplies as her poor famine-stricken subjects are obliged to do. If supplies do not arrive ab externo within six weeks, His Excellency Sir George Gipps will learn by serious experience the truth of our fore- bodings, and the danger of the neutrality which the Government so culpably maintained on this subject till it was too late. In the course of our enquiries respecting the state of the flour market, we learned a curious and illustrative fact respecting the successive rises in the price of this commodity, which certainly shows how the market can be manamuvred by a few capitalists. One lot of flour, consisting of fifty tons, was sold some months ago at 17L. per ton; it passed from the hands of one purchaser to those of another at a profit, until the sixth purchaser bought the lot at 60L. per ton; and what is most remarkable about the matter is, that the last purchaser was the first seller, and that the flour, which was the subject of all these successive sales was never once re- moved from the store or mill of its original owvner. This is the way the markets rise; and this shows the danger, in a country like this, of leaving the supply entirely in the hands of a few capitalists. A SCENE.—A rather novel exhibition took place on Monday last in George Street, near this office, highly disgraceful to the three constables who figured in it. About three o'clock in the afternoon of the above-named day, a man of co hour, apparently an American, was observed to steal a merino cloak from the shop door of Mr. Levy, nearly opposite the Bank of Australia. A constable was informed of the transaction, who followed and captured the fellow with the stolen property in his possession. A second constable came up at the time, when they succeeded in securing the black's wrists with a handkerchief, They then proceeded with him towards the watch house, but when abreast of Church Hill, the pri- soner began to be restive and continued very un- willing to proceed, until he reached near to the corner of the gaol, at the sight of which he became outrageous, apprehensive no doubt of becoming speedily one of its inmates. He instantly shook off the handkerchief that bound his wrists, and commenced flooring the constables in right earnest, receiving in return several blows of their staves. At length a third constable came, and although the gaol door was within about two rods of the prisoner ready to receive him, they suffered the black to hustle them along the narrow lane beside the Ship Inn, at the end of which he es- caped over a fence and crossed the bed of mud at the head of the cove to Mr. Anderson's wharf, followed by the constables. He then took to the water, and concealed himself astern of a barge laden with hay, when after divesting himself of his jacket, waistcoat and shirt, he boldly ad- vanced towards the wharf, on which he landed, and seizing a piece of paling, defied the constables, who sneaked away from their dark adversary. The black then deliberately re-crossed the mud, and wended his way towards the Queen's wharf, under which he concealed himself for about half an hour, when an application was made by the constables for a file of the guard stationed at the Commissariat stores, who repaired to the place of his concealment. He then surrendered at discretion, and was afterwards taken to the watchhouse. It is necessary here to observe that the mob which collected at the commencement of the melee in George Street, appeared to favour the rescue of the prisoner by shouting and intirni dating the constables. Many of those rascals rendered themselves amenable to the law and richly deserved punishment, but little can be said in favour of this sample of the Sydney Police in not possessing energy and resolution on this oc- casion to drag their prisoner along and lodge him in Her Majesty's Gaol, REVENUE.—The total amount of the revenue of the colony for the quarter ended June 30 1839, was 107,0201. 5s. 8¼d., an increase on the corresponding quarter of 1838, of 35,6721.5.s.4.d. The most important item " Customs," amounts to 37,7721., which is a decrease on the quarter of 25281\. 11s. 3d. The collection on account of the church estates was only 241., a decrease of 15561\. The licenses to depasture stock only amount to 601., a decrease of 20551., which is to be accounted for by the time of taking out licenses having been altered by the new Act; these, with one or two items of trifling amount, make the total decrease of the quarter 63611. The first item on which there is any increase is duty on spirits distilled in the colony, 33691., an in crease of 28761. 2s.; the next item is licenses to retail spirits, 14,0351., an increase of 95561. 15s., which may partly be attributed to the change in the licensing law; the auction duty amounted to 20901, an increase of 6251.; the Post Office revenue was 20981., an increase of 6831. The Crown land sales amounted to 27,4281., an in crease on the quarter of 14,7381. 7s. 9d , ;to which may he added 78101. for the sales of land at Port Phillip, and it will be, seen .that the total amount of the Crown land revenuefor the quarter was 35,2381. Fines levied by Courts, of Justice amounted to 12351., an increase of 6601., The proceeds of the surplus stores of, emigrant ships was 33751., an increase of 21261. The Customs at Port Phillip amounted to 34331,,, an increase of 24841. 5s. 3d. These items with others of trifling amount make a total increase of 42,0331., from which deduct the decrease 63611., and the difference is 35,6721., the actual increase on the quarter.--Herald. ' , . CECILIAN SocIETY.-Itis with peculiar plea sure that we look forward to the concerts of this interesting and rapidly flouris'ing society ; and we are happy to announcethatthe next visiting night is fixed for Wednesday, the. 31st instant. The enterprising Cecilians are sparing no expense or exertion to render their public entertainments as excellent as possible. Besides other instru ments, we. understand they contemplate: the introduction of that most romantic and classical of all instruments-the HARP. The bill of. fare will also be of a superior, and varied descriptiony containing some of the finest pieces of music, both vocal and instrumental. To the instrumen tal band we, Iave. already given our uinqualified praise, and we;are-glad to hear, that an elevated orchestra or platform is to be erected, to enable the 'audience to see the. performers, as well as hear the:performances, to better advantage. Sisrions' HOME.--On Thursday afternoon, a meeting, of ; the Committee, of the Temperance Society, appoijnted for the" establishment of a Sailors' Home in'Sydney, was held in the School of Arts, when it appeared that 3001. had been subscribed towards that' object; ;and it was con sidered advisable, in pursuance of, the original reisolution, to make immedi'aty arrangements for opening a Home as soon as possible. Messrs. Carter, Cavenagh, Day, and JInnis, were ap pointed a sub.committee to mnake the, necessary arrangements. THE PETTY SESSIONS. — The following is a list of the publicans in Sydney who have received night licenses ; some have licenses to keep their houses open till different hours of the night, ac- cording to the degree of confidence which the Magistrates might repose in the character of the applicants and the houses they keep :— GEORGE-STREET. — I. Titterton, Talbot Inn, until 12 o'clock; W. N. Palmer, Fortuine of War, till 12; E. Brady, Jack's' Delight, till 12; T. Jones, Patent Slip, till 12; P. Hanslow, IHorse and Jockey, till 12 ; J. Anderson, Blue Anchor, till 12; W 'Perry, Liverpool Arms, till 12 ; C. 'furrier, Ship lThn, till 10; W. Paxton, Australian Hotel, till 12; T1. Baker, Crowon and Anchor, till 11; M. Napthali, BaLd faced Stag, trill 12 ; G. Watkins, White Hart, till 11; M. Farrel, Welsh Harp,'till W';-'J;t~lck~ well, Brirtania, till 11.; C. Gaze,; Square and Com- pass, till 12; W. Stevenso:, Woolpack, till 12; J. Harris, Blue Posts, till 12; J. Spgrke, Royal Hotel, till 12; J. Notbbs, Swand with Two Necks,,till 11; J.. Hart, Golden Fleece, till 11; E. Fitzgibbons, ----, -, till 12; Joseph 1Meillon, Jew's Harp,'till 10; Vernon Puzey, Crooked Billet, till half-past 10; Francis O'Meara, Albion Wine Vaults, till 12. PITT-STREET. — D. Rogers, .Shakspeare Tavern,'till 12; H. Doran, Anchor, till 12; G. Morris, William I V., till 12; W. Stone,' King's Arms, till 12; S. Dean,. Goldsmith's Arms, till 12; C. Morris, 'Ele phant and Castle, till 1s; F. ~Gibson, Victoria Hotrel, till 12; J. Meredith, Coruwallis Frigate,,till 12; J. A. Cook, 'Edinburgh Castle, till 11 ; A. Johnston, Noah's Ark, till 12 ; WV. HT. Green, Crickelera' Arms, till 12; 3. Wood, Red Lion, till 10; W. Aitken head, Cottage of Content, till half past 10 ; H. Cosgrove, Governov Macquarie, till 1(0. y CASTLEREAGI*-5TREET.-C. Crane, Leather Bottle, till 11; J. Whitehead, Yorkshire Stingo, till 10; We CarsB,' St. Andrew, till 10; J1. Johnson, deorge; 'till 10; E. Smith, Cherr~y Tree, till 11.; T. Clay, Free. masons' Arms, till 10 ; P. Grace, Bee Hive till 12. KI$G STREET.-W. Toogood, Rainbowo, till 12; W. Smith, Cross Keys, till 10; 3. Little, White Harts, till 11; R. Maddox, Hit or' Miss, till 11; 3. Cuin ningham, Bunch of Grapes, till 10. MARn E'-STrREET.-S. Jones, Governor Bourhe, till 12; J. Simmons, Flowoer Pot, to open an hour earlier A.M., and to remain open to 11 P.M.; 'J.O'Dow~i, Harp of Erin, same as last; J. Jennings, Freemasons' Arms, till 12': Hi. F. O'Donnell, Australian, till 11. KENT-STREET.- W. Willis, Quarrymen's Arms, till 12; W. Wallace, Butchers' Arms, till 10 ; W. Walker, St. Andrew, till 10. CLARENCE-STREET.-J. l'lgin,'Shamrack, till 10. SUSSEX- srsTRE .-.'. WiterUp,' Sir Walter Scott, till 12 ; G. Simpson, Angel and ' Crown, till 10; W Mann, Commercial Hotel, till 12; T. Harper, Settlers Arms, till 12; J. Waite, Patent Slip, till 12; H. Lindon, Woolpack, till 10; 3. Solomon, Albion Hotel, till 12; R. Beatson, Paterson's River.Hotel, till 12; S. Miller, Blue Bell, till 10; Hi. Tlurbitt, Carpenter's 4rms, till 10; G. Ashion, Jolly Miller, till 10. YORK STREET.-B. McLoughlin, Donnybrook Fair, to open one hour earlier, and to remain open until 11. PHILLIP STREET.- R. Cummins, Lemon Tree, till half-past 10; J. Raynor, Star, till half-past 10. BRIDGE STREET.- A. Fraser, Forth and Clyde, till 10. DRUITT-STREET.-J. Kettle, Hope and Anchor, till 11. PARK-STREET. - W. Pullenger, Odd Fellows Arms, till 10. PARRAMATTA-STREET.-J. Bryan, Golden Anchor, till 12: T. May, Sportsman's Arms, till 12; J. Le Burn, Coach and Horses, till 12. CUMBER1LAND-STREET.-T. 0. Bolto1n, Black Dog, till 10; M. Charlton, Glenmore Cottage, till 10. PRIXNCE*STREET.-W. Cole, Bee Hive, till 12. EsseI.STREET.-J. Ayrf, Dundee Arms, till 10. CAMPPELL.STREF.T.-J. Wright, Pack Horse, till 12. till 12. WINDITLL*STREET.-J. Redgrave, Napoleon, till 10; J. Faris, W'haler's Arms, till 10. The following houses were licensed to keep bil liard tables :-S. Dean, Goldsmith's Arms, Pitt-street; F. Gibson, Victoria Hotel, Pitt- street; A. Johnston, Noah's Ark, Pitt-street; H. Green, Cricketer's Arms, Pitt-street; J. Sparke, Royal Hotel, George-street; M. Napihali, Bold faced Stag, G. Watkins, IVhite Horse, George-street; J. Le Burn, Coach and Horses, Parramatta-street; E, Smith, Cherry Tree, Castle reagh-street; Sir Walter Scott, Bathurst-street. SOLDIER THIEF.-Should these words ever be associated ? Never I The very idea of the true character and beau ideal of a British soldier com prehends unstained integrity, unconquerable courage, and untarnished honour. No wonder, therefore, that the public should feel more ag grieved when they hear of a soldier committing a felony than of any other common man doing the same. On Thursday last a soldier, named Samuel Bridge, of the 50th regiment, was committed for trial by the Sydney Bench for ,stealing a bacon hiam from a shop in George-street. ROMAN CATHOLIC SIMONY.—The ecclesiasti- cal crime designated SIMONY is of a most impious character, and consists in the sale of purchase of ecclesiastical preferments or religious ordinances. The term " Simony" is adopted as the designation of this crime from the fact re- corded in Scripture of Simon Magus offering money to the Apostle Peter to purchase the gifts of the Holy Ghost; and the denunciation of the indignant apostle on that occasion may still be applied to every wretch whether clerical or laical who has the sordid and sacrilegious audacity to repeat the crime: " thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money." To give our readers some idea of the extent to which this crime is practised by the Popish priesthood in Ireland, even in these days of modern enlighten ment and civilization, we submit to them the following extract from a work written by the Rev. David O'Croly, a Roman Catholic Priest; and we leave every enlightened and conscientious Christian to reconcile the statements therein re vealed with. the assertions on oath of Bishop Polding in the late'libel action, or what is of infinitely greater importance with the WORD Or GOD. Bishop P. ascribed all such slanderous allegations against his church to Protestant historians, but here we give him a' leaf out of ilis 'owni booka veritable work from the 'pen of one who' belongedJ! to =the priest hood of his own Church,'written with a view to thee reformation' of their system of Ecclesi iiatical Finance :-" TIle 'revenue of the Parish Priest is derived from a variety of sources. There are Confession dues, Marriage, dues, Baptism duas, Miss dues, and dues for Anointing. He is also paid at times for attendance at Funerals. Confession furnishes the most steady and constant source of revenue. Twice a-year lie collects confession money;' under the denomination of Christmas 'and Easter offerings. The mode of making this collection is not very consonant to the spirit of religion. The priest selects one or two hbnses,' in 'every ploughland or neighbour hood, where lie holds, according to appointment, what are called ' stiitions of confession;' and it is required that the fanmilies all about should meet him when h 'comnes among them, upon these occasions; should make. their confessions, receive the Holy Sacrament, and finally pay the custo narry dues. It soinetimes happens that this business is not tranisacted quietly. If increased' dues are demanded,"a thing of occasional occur rence, disagreeable, and sometimes scandalous, altercations 'ensue.' Similar scenes occur. when. individuals atitid'nand crayv time for payment; while such as absent themselves, unless they send the dues as an apology, are generally made the subject of public abuse and exposure. All these thiigs take place in connexion with the celebration' of Mass, and the administration of two Sacrainents-Penance, avid the Eucharist or the Lord's. Supper. The association :must be admitted to 'bet rather an unihioly one:' If no money was, to b6e paiid on such occhsions; all things would goon well, and the wli1le'scene would be rligious and edifying. But' the in termixture of 'money transactions and money altercations changes' the entire scenie, a'nd proves at once a fatal counteraction to all the previous' works'of devotion. Most certainly the good of religion requires an alteration in this matter. But supposing all things to go off quietly and without a' murmur is'it right that the payment of money should'be coupled with the administration of religious rites ? The custom, on the face of it, bears an unholy complexion. It transforms religious rites into merchantable commodities; which the Priest prices and turns to his own advantage in the best manner h'e can. He gives and he gets quid pro quo. This is the appearance of the thing; and the common people do imagine 'that they pay' their money in lieu 'of 'getTing con 'fession and communion. So deeply, indeed, is this persuasion eograven on their minds, that they consider themselves, exempt from the' obli gations of payment, unless they actually, get absolution and thle Holy Sacrament, that is, value for thleir money." MArrtLA ND, Jut.7 I6.---The countr3 is ,beauti ful; the crops, so far as they have yet progressed, promise. well; thle late rains have made the roiads nearly impassable' betwvgen East and West Mait lanld, (though only a' short distance,) it is quite a task to pass. IDrays, carts, gigs, ard even Ilorses get so far into the muid that they are obliged to have assistance ere they are extricated ,-th'e more prudent (who haye occasion to travel between the two Maitlands) )prefer~ leaving their conveyrances' half. way, rather than run th ikof getting their property jnjured. '. suppose it is no one's duty to see'after these things, but: it is not very credita blg to Goverpnment to allow roads, wvhereon there is so muich traffic,' to be in the condition they are. 'There is a gang at work' towards East Maitland, but when they wvill get this length. (West. Mait-, land) the next generation may tell. The' plan of education propounded by the Governor appears to have created a kind of stir amongst the clergy and others. I see large lplacards, calling a meet iig of the inhabitants on Thursday the 10th instant, to get up a numerously signed petition against it. I imagine that those most active in getting it up have some interested motive for their opposition, and yet will endeavour to mak it appear that they are acting only for the public good. I am happy to inform you that we have had no more calls from the nocturnal marauders, and beyond a few petty cases of shoplifting we have nothing to complain of I can never feel perfect ease of mind, for I know well that we are in a complete den of thiieves, and the greatest caution is re quisite. Tile bush is infested wvith rangers,-hardly a night passes over without some robbery taking place; 'to me they appear to be getting more daring in their deeds of darkness, nor is it to be wondered at wllen it can be done with im punity. I regret to say that our worthy pastor, Mr. Blair,, whilst returning on Saturday night last from his clerical duties, was surrounded by three men, between East Maitland and Green Hills, pulled from off his horse, and robbed of his valuable watch and forty- eightishillitngs ,n cash: they had fire-arms, and threajeried viole.nce in case of resistallce. What a pity it is that Mait land' should be cursed with a body of insignifa cants, calling themselves Constables I The whole force is rotten at tile core. To-day I h~eardl that two constables had forcibly entered a house, and taken whatever best suited them. Such (leeds in themselves are bad, but how much worse is it when those wvho are employed for the protection become plunderers of the public? Correspondent. LIVERPOOL.-A correspondent informs us, that the town of Liverpool has lately been visited by whole torrents of rain, accompanied by a re gular gale of wind. EFFECTS OF CONCUBINAOE.-One of the most obvious evils resulting from concubinage is the neglect, in most instances, of the illegitimate offspring. A case illustrative of this occurred in the Police Court on Thursday last. Mary Deuce, one of the unnatural parents who were some short time since brought before the Bench at the instance of Mr. Hall, of The Monitor, for neglect of their child, was again brought be fore the Court for subsequent neglect of the child. Her defence was just the old story, that she understood that her husband had undertiken the care of the child. A warrant was issued for the apprehension of Mr. Deace, and the deuce is surely in it if their worships will not adopt some. measure to coitect the evil which is here complained of, N .wcAsTr.E.-The Commanding Engineer has received insuructions from the Board of Ordnance, to go on with the Military Barracks at Newcastle, according to the original plan, and 50001. has been granted on account. Mr. Rees, a Clerk of the Works, proceeds to Newcastle, to superintend the building, in the course of a few days. Herald. PENRITII.-On Tuesday the 16th instant, the solemn and gratifying ceremony of consecrating the Church of St. Stephen the martyr, at Penrith, was performed by the Lord Bishop of Australia, assisted by the Rev. Thomas Ilassall, as Chan cellor, the Revs. Henry Stiles and Thomas Ma kinson, Chaplains, and the Rev. Henry Fulton, the Minister of Castlereagh and Penrith. A few minutes before eleven the tolling bell gave notice to the neighbourhood that the worship of Almighty God was about to take place for the first time in an edifice dedicated wholly to his service, and shortly after his lordship, with the chaplains, was received at the western door by the chancellor, registrar, trustees, and a number of the inhabi tants, when the petition for consecration was de livered to the Bishop, by R. C. Lethbridge, Esq., one of the trustees; which being read, the Bishop and clergy proceeded slowly up the aisle repeat ing the 24th Psalm in alternate verses. The Bishop being seated on the right side of the Com munion table, the deed, conveying the land, was presented to his lordship by John Tindale, Esq., to whose liberality in furtherance of the building the inhabitants are greatly indebted. The service then proceeded; the Rev. Henry Fulton reading the service of the day, and the Bishop and his chaplains officiating at the altar. His Lordship preached an admirable and impressive sermon, particularly, enforcing the gospel truths, -that true religion did not consist in building appro priate edifices only,' but in the solemn dedication, of the whole inan, from the heart, t6 God, tihrough Christ our Lord. , The building is in the Gothic style, and presents al handsome and neat appear ance;;,not a litile 'increased by the willing aid of some of the ladies in making the furniture for the table,'pulpit, and desks., The number; of persons present was great, every seat being fully.occupied. Among the visitors we noticed the Rev. Thomas Steele, the Rev. John Keane, William, George, and Edward Cox, Esquires, Edward Brown, C. S. Marsden, John Betts, Esquires, and their families, and numerous others; whilst the back seats were occupied by the children of the Epis- copal Schools, connected with the Church at Penrith and South Creek. A sweet-toned seraphine, purchased by a separate subscription of the inhabitants, which stands,on a neat gothic platform it the west end of the Church, added much to the beauty of the solemn and impressive service, and the number of applications for sittings, exceeding even the present supply, affords reason- able hope, while it should also further encourage to pray, that the religious and moral welfare of this important district will be blessed by the regular performance of the scriptural service of the Church of Ehgland.—Herald. EFFECTS OF DRUNKENNESS.—On the morn- ing, of Wednesday last, as a person named James, who kept a public-house some six miles the other side of Penrith, was riding home from Sydney, where he had been on business, he fell from his horse, and met his death by the fall. 