CHURCH AND STATE. The relative Duties of Pastor and People considered. Tiie Church— what is meant by this oft used word " The Church" — " Hear the Church" — let the Church interpret the meaning of her title. The Church of Christ comprehends all who believe that Jesus Chris( is very Man and very God. All who brilieve that Jesus Christ came down from heaven, and veiled his glory for That as a man he might promulgate the great scheme of redemption to man ; and as man, to make the required atonement for the sin of man. And having done this by suffering death on the . bloody cross of Calvary— having perfected in his own body a full arid sufficient expiation for the sins of a whole world ; rose again from the dead, and returned to his eternal mansion in the heavens — where, at the right hand of God the Father; he ever liveth, :to' make inter cession with the Father for his believing people. He sits on the mediatorial throne until the great and terrible day of judgment, when the mediatorial office will merge into that of the Supreme Judge. Those who believe this, belong, unquestionably to the Militant Church of Christ. This being the faith professed by the Anglican Church, entitles her to the appellation of Catholic Church. The Catholic Church being founded upon the revealed word of God, has retained those offices that were insti tuted' by the Apostles — by which we mean the three orders — Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, The Bishops, Priests, and Dea cons of the present day, derive their com mission by the law of descent from Timothy and Titus, who were consecrated by the Apostle Paul, and invested by him with full power to ordain others — this is, we are aware, disputed, but not by members of the Anglican Church ; nor can the objections be maintained, unless it could be proved that an interregnum had occurred — unless it could be proved that, at some period or ' other, the priestly office had become ex tinct. As the latest insnired writers have left no fixed rules for the guidance of their unin spired successors, respecting the mode in which the temporal affairs of the Church should be conducted, it is presumed that human wisdom was left to its own devices ; and as all true believers are interested in the affair, it may be naturally inferred that true believers would not adopt any system at variance with the spirit of revelation ; and true believfcrs never have. The spirit of truth, though hid for ages, was not re linquished. The Angel of Reformation descended upon Germany, and, compara tively speaking, the flame spread with the rapidity of lightning, and England and Scotland became illumined. The accumu lated rubbish of ages was swept from the withering temples, and truth and reason once more prevailed, where darkness and idolatry had for ages run riot. Our Sixth Edward embraced the truth, and bfefc anxious to preserve its advantages lilt posterity might enjoy them— the p|e, Spiritual and Temporal, together witlfc-c Commons of England in Parliament asab- bled, passed a solemn Act for the ma tenance avid perpetuity of the llefor&l; Catholic Faith. The most learned Ditlifs were employed by Royal Commissiorijio revise and correct the Book of Commit Prayer, and to draw up a set of articb, in order that uniformity of faith in nlli- sential matters might be preserved— t$e were then submitted to the Laity for uir approval! thus is established, the riglifof the Laity to become judges, even in tliijjja of a purely spiritual character — and thife the spirit of the British Constitution ; tra so jealous were the framers of our oiA admirable constitution, that it is providl by law that no alteration can be made I any prayer, creed, confession, article, J canon of the Church, without the consel of the three estates. -J The adversaries of the Anglican CIiuJi have invariably endeavoured to prove t|t the Laity have no voice in matters puny spiritual or ecclesiastical — that in factfte Anglican Church is as priest-ridden asste Church of Rome ; but this' is mere asir- j tion. The duties of the priesthood of|ie I Anglican or Catholic Church are clet ly J defined ; and to the law of the land t iy f are amenable and answerable for the i :e I discharge oftheir sacred obligations. T .e f the law of England does not pretend to I terfere with the office of jjie Holy Giio | The law of England recognizes the law >f I spiritual descent; that is, the British 1 -,r 1 acknowledges that the spiritual commiss >a given to the two first uninspired Bishtpj | has regularly descended upon their official | successors, and therefore, there is no pot rer h assumed by the law, either to confer or tie- a prive a spiritual officer of his spiritual coiL 1 mission. Whilst, on the other hand, tiie 1 law does retain and exercise a right to judjje fl whether this or that individual ministerjis I worthy to be entrusted with the exercisejof H his spiritual commission. g For instance, a Bishop convicted of 9 heresy in a spiritual courtcannot be evicted 9 or ejected from his diocese without an ex- 9 press Act of Parliament. The Act of Pile- fl liament deposes him, and forbids him the I exercise of his Episcopcl office, but it does a not pretend to divest him of his spiritu. J 9 commission; lie still remains a Bishop as 9 much as before. To descend to the lower 9 order-of the ministry. The Primate may 9 deprive him of his benefice under certain n circumstances, and place the offender in 9 such a position as to render him amenable 9 to common law, if lie dare to exercise bis 9 spiritual office. But neither the Primate 9 nor the law of the land can deprive the mi- H nister of his spiritual commission — because 9 the spiritual commission is believed to be 9 conferred by the Holy Ghost. Seeing 9 then that the Laity have so much power 9 committed to tueir liands by the (Jonsti- tution of England, we would ask with 9 whom does the fault rest — that men of in fl different morals, that men grossly inatten< fl tive to their duties are suffered to remain fl unreproved.- Why are men of notoriauily fl profligate character suffered to enter lh fl ministry? It is not the fault of the Church fl law. Before the imposition of hands takes fl place, the officiating Prelate makes a fl solemn appeal to the Laity to come forward fl and declare whether there be any reason fl why the candidate may not be ordained a fl Priest or appointed Deacon. Whose fault H is it that certain men have been elevated to fl the prelatic bench, whose orthodoxy is fl more than questioned? Why, it is the fl fault of the gross apathy of the Laity, for 9 whose especial benefit these offices: ate maintained, and were first ordained. If a fl Corn Bill is to be passed, if a Mayor is lo fl be elected, or a Parish Constable appointed, fl the Laity are at no loss to discover how far H they rnay interfere — and why? Becausetbt fl influence of the bill affects their stomachs, H and the election of the Mayor may affect H their pockets, or thejr worldly interest, in some form or "shape, H We tell the Laity that whatever delect may attach to the Anglican Church whether in this colony, or any other portioi of the' British Empire, they are attributabl solely and exclusively, to their own dis graceful apathy." Were the law of the cas i otherwise, were we left entirely tojtlie mercjf of an (hierarchy, we should be foremost in denouncing such a system — but it isth' wise and liberal share of power with which the law invests the Laity of our pure and apostolic Church, that binds our affections to her, and, at the same time, makes us angry with our lay brethren, for their cold heartless neglect of her, or rather, of them selves, for they are The Church ; her minis ters are her servants for Christ's sake The minister's should be the workmen) we the stones of which the spiritual temp JH is being built; Christ being the ckiffl corner stone himself, H An extract or two appeared in the Monitor of last Monday, reflecting on the bigotry of the Church of England, relative to an inscription which some poor ignorant woman desired to have inserted on a monumental slab, in commemoration of her husband. The Monitor seems to think that because many Popish monuments and inscriptions are allowed to remain where our benighted ancestors left them — that now, in this enlightened age, we should add to their number. He also instances the opinions which Doctor Pusey and Mr. Newman are endeavouring to instil through their tracts and pamphlets, as a proof of the Anglican Church being on a hard gallop back to Popery. Perhaps, since the days of the Reformation, the Anglican Church could never boast of so much pure zeal and holy devotion in her ministry us at this moment. We left England somewhat later than our good old friend Monitor, and we can assure him, that the brightest lights of the Church, such as the SUMNERS, the McGHEES, the O'SULLIVANS, the McNEILLS, the MINCHINS, the HERVYS the STOWELS, the OULDS, and the FLEURYS, wiTh hundreds more we could enumerate, do while they pity and deplore, laugh to spern the attempts of such misguided men as PUSEY and NEWMAN. THE pure unsophisticated doctrines of the Gospel were never so generally preached and taught within the temples of the Anglican Church, as at this moment. The defects in our ecclesiastical law courts reflect, we have already observed, upon the negligence of the Laity, who have the power to correct those defects if they please. Let not the Monitor suppose that the Church of England desires to lapse into Popery. We point his attention to the Church Missionary Society ; to her Pastoral Aid Society, to her Church Building Endowment Society. There are no symptoms of Puseyism in any of these Associations. 