To the Editor of the Sydney Standard. ' .Tit 1 if a. 1R39. Sib,— In The Herald of June 22, is a letter wiiH : the signature of P. Q. R. ; and I believe, of all. J- the .men that ever went to the wood for a stick to f beat himself, this is one of them, when he refers > ;< to at. Mattnew, xxvt.26 — 28. .at. jonn, vt. ot —53,55, St. Mark. xiv. 29.-24. St. Luke, ; xxii. 19, 20, and to St. Paul, I. Corinthians, xi.- ; 23—25, 27, 29 ; after which he goes on at ran- dom on the Protestants, &c.;, refers to the first cen tury, 8jc.,_ $e. After which, it cannot .be said i h that he has a bad memory. .Now whether the f writer of that letter is a priest, or a priest ridden f individual, I know not, but one thing I know, > is, that he (the writeir) entirely forgot himself, > g when ha denies .that the Bible is a sealed book 1 | to Papists. If not, how is it that his (the Pope) | simple hearers dare not even sit to. hear the Bible . | read, which is easy proved; then if the (above" passages io which he refers 13 properly translated, | 1 why not the rest of the Old and New Testament as | . Well ; but without going any farther than his | . V sages of scripture, i( he- reads all those chapters anil understands them, he will easily see that Christ is our great High Priest, so that the ceremonies of the Church of Rome are entirely contrary to scripture; that they are the tradi tions of men, not of God, for to them only it may be said that they are the false teachers rising in 'the latter days, abstaining from meats, whose end is destruction;, for pretending to be wise they became fools, by changing the image of the uncorruptible God lo that or corruptible man, &c.; That they (the Papists) do not deny the Bible is an undeniable falsehood. I also ask (P. Q. R.,) whether the second' commandment, as delivered to Moses on the two tables of stone, is not denied by litem (Papists); which of itself would be sufficient to show that the ceremonies of the Church of Rome are false and super stitious, 8cc. ; that what they call the eucharist is not the real body and blood of Christ, no one can deny, that is to say, those who be lieve the Word of God in its proper meaning. 1 r.Q.R. refers to Wicklifle, Luther, and Knox, also to England, Ireland, and Scotland, 8cc. Now, if he was in Scotland, I dare say he would say, like all other Papists, that they are greatly changed from what they were in the time of their murderous persecution ; but in New South Wales he tells they are the same, and unchange able. But we do not put any trust in those men (Wicklifle, &c.;) farther than as eminent men, who devoted themselves to the service of God — we do not deem them infallible, neither could p it be expected that Luther would or could be altogether clean, alter coming out of such a filthy nest as the Church of Rome. We solely look to God ns the Head of our Church. Neither is there any of our eminent men that will grant us an indulgence to commit sins — tlie Pope does. My strongest' assertion on this subject is, that the' Pope claimed and exercised tlie power ol granting permission to commit sin : for instance, lie prolessed to relieve individuals and whole nations from the obligation of an oath; this ! cannot be denied by P. Q. R. himself, and 1 maintain, whatever the ecclesiastical meaning of the word may be, that this is nothing less in the plain sense of English words than an indulgence, or permission to com mit sin : this, indeed, they may call a dispen sation, not an indulgence, but it does not alter the nature of the thing. I hope P. Q. R will not commit himself so as to say that indulgence is not meant by the remission of sins, or that it never was the doctrine of the Catholic Church fiiat a Pope or Bishop could grant an indulgence ' to commit sin. But the Papists of late received so much countenance, "and even flattery, from Protestants, that perhaps they are bolder now they think that the ball is at their loot, and they : expect to get Britain back to the communion of the Iloly See. I do not, therefore, expect that ; they will acqttiese so quietly in the statement : which I am about to make, and the authorities wliiqli I am going to quote. The following is a translation of the Bull, or if it be more agreeable to P. Q. R., the indul gence and absolution which was preached and circulated by Zetrel, under the authority of the Pope, and which was so instrumental in helping , forward the reformation. " May our Lord Jesus Christ have mercy upou thee and absolve thee by his most holy passion ; and I, by his authority, and that of his blessed apostles Peter and Paul, ; and of the most holy Pope, granted and com- : milted to me in these parts, do absolve thee, first from all ecclesiastical censures in whatever manner they have been incurred, and then from all thy sins, transgressions, and excesses, how \ enormous soever they may be, even from such as ; are reserved for the cognizance of the holy See, and as far as the keys of the holy church extend ; f I remit to you all punishment which you deserve I ; in Purgatory on their account, and I restore you \ to the holy sacraments of the Church, to the ' unity of the faithful, and to that innocence , and purity which you possessed at bapiism, so that when you die, the gates of punishment shall : be shut, and the gates of Paradise and delight : shall be opened; and if you shall not die at present this grace shall remain in full force when you are at the point of death ; in the name of the Father, and of tlie Son, and of the Holy , Ghost." This was enforced by the preaching ol Zetrel who declared that if any man purchased letters of indulgence, his soul might rest secure with respect to salvation. Will P. Q. R. or his brethren, after reading this, assert that by an indulgence is not meant the remission of sins. I have another English version of a letter of indulgence which was granted to the good people ' of Cork, by Pope Pius VII. " By Divine providence I remit unto every one of the faithful in" Christ, who after assisting at least eight times at tlie holy exercise of the mission (in the new cathedral of Cork,) shall confess his or her sins . with true contrition, and approach unto the holy : communion, shall devotedly visit the said caihe- 7 dial- chapel, and there offer up to God for some ; space of time pious and fervent prayers for the y propagation of the Catholic faith, and to tlie ' j extension of our holy father a plenary indulgence applicable to souls in Purgatory by way of sul- i frage, and this in form of jubilee." Now let any .y man figure to himself the good zealous people of Cork, after having washed away all their ' \ own' sins by assisting at least eight times at the holy exercise of the mission, by true con- trition, by pious and fervent prayers offered up to r God for some space of time, receiving a ple- ; niary indulgence in the form of a jubilee. Let yl any one witness this jubilee, and reflect that it is granted by the special favour of the Pope, and let ! him say, if it be not true, that the Pope does even j to this day grant indulgence to commit sin, &c.; y I shall indulge your readers with another Bull 4 of the. Pope relating to Ireland, and then I have done' for the present; it was produced in the > Court of Kings' Bench on the trial of Lord 'Connor Mncguire, February 10, 1644. — State j 'Trials,- vol. i. p. 464; (ad futurum Rei memo- 4 aium'Urbanus Octavus, 8cc.), recites, — That ha»- i j ing taken into his serious consideration the great ;| zeal of the Irish towards the propagating of the Cathblic Faith, which kingdom (for their singular ii fervency in the true worship of God), was, of old £|' cAlled the land of the Saints , and having certain j -notice, that in imitation of their godly and wor- | -thy ancestors, they endeavoured, by force of arms, ! -to deliver their thralled nation from the op- ': . pres8ions of the Heretics, and. to extirpate those % workers of iniquity ' who had infected the mass '''I -of Catholic purity, with the pestiferous leaven ol M 'their heretical contagion, by virtue of his power y| '<>f' binding and loosing, which God hath pon- M /erred upon him, to ail and every the aforesaid ;A| 'Christians in the kingdom of Ireland, so Ipng a -they militate against the said Heretics an(l other >4 enemies of the Catholic faith. He did grant a full and plenary indulgence, and absolute remis- :'l aion of all their sins, desiring all of them to be .partakers of this .precious treasure (dated from "the Vatican), of 'St. Peter's Palace, in Rome, . May 25, 1643, and in thetwentiethyearof his pon- "lificate. Under this pteuory indulgence the Papists ?fj «®f Ireland murdered many thousands of their Pro 5 yftttant- neighbours. After reading this, wjll P. Q. Reassert -that 'by an indulgence is not meant the . > 'emitra i o n of sin, or that it never was the practice gi of the Pope to grant permission to cdmrait sin; . jf'lbay'will assert this then thdy'must admit that St 'B no a'n lo murder Protestants. Then is not " the' -Church of Rome drunk with -the blood ol .|i . Saints, does she .not make merchandise ol g| : to® spulS'Of men. May she not, therefore, be £3 cajled ihe mother .of harlots aud abominations .ol I the earth. " And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory ; and he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hate ful bird, lor all nations have drunk of the wine of her fornications, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abomination of her delicacies. And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of Iter plagues : for her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniqui ties. Reward her even as site rewarded you, and double unto her double, according to her works ; in the cup which she hath filled, 'fill to her dou ble. How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deiiciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in Iter heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sor row. Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine : and she shall he utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her."— Revelation, ocviii., from the 1st to the 9th verse, — which I can prove afterwards, from her own documents, that it is more applicable to the Church of Rome than any other known. Let P. Q. R. look at this, and speak of persecution. I am, Sir, Your most obedient Servant. S. 11. M. It is perfectly ridiculous for Papists to assert, that the dispensing power assumed by the Popes of Rome, amounts to less than a commission to practise sin; witness the dispensations granted to uncles to marry their own brothers' or sisters' daughters. 