íTftf CiMtvt$t% I FRIDAY EVENING, October 25 1939. We have received English papers to the 17th of June. We find however from the Sydney j journals just come to hand, that intelligence to the 22nd had reached that colony. It seems hardly probable the ministry can hold out against the defection of the Radicals on the one hand, and the combined opposition of the Tories on the other. " Only tell us," said Mr. Warburton, a leading man, and one of the seven philosophical radicals,' " that you are prepared to adopt progressive reform that you do not regard the Reform Bill as final, and whatever may be the disappointment which accompanies delay, we will still support you ; we will patiently look forward to the development of your measures. Give us a declaration of your sentiments in which we can confide." Sir Robert Peel came in with obstetric aid to the assistance of Lord John he delivers him of his opinion and interprets his mind. He says, "I perfectly understand the noble lord ; his speech is not equivocal ; he is prepared to admit certain improvements in the Reform Bill, (i.e. Registra- tion Courts) but he will not go the length of allowing the £10 franchise in counties, which was the object of Sir Hesketh Fleetwood's motion. He wants no such reforms as these." The right honorable baronet then proceeds in that specious art of simulation in which he is so happy an adept, to applaud the determination of the noble lord, well knowing that the more nearly he brings the Whigs in unison with the Tories, the greater will be the alienation of the Radicals from their ranks. Then again Sir Robert receives the title of a high minded and generous opponent. There never was a more practised parliamentary tactician, which now-a-days becomes a merit in a statesman, when parties are so nicely and so nearly balanced. The noble lord deprecated the introduction of the £50 tenant at will clause into the Reform Bill, but was not prepared to go so far as the £10 county franchise. The ballot has been made an open question, but has been again rejected. Amongst the speeches made upon Mr. Grote's motion, that of Mr. Macauley seems to have produced the greatest impression. Mr. Grote did not express any gratitude to the administration for making the question an open one; on the contrary, he was far from regarding it in any other light than as a mere temporary expedient to which they were compelled to have recourse. This further proves the coldness existing between the Radicals and the ministry, and the difficulties already in the way of any accommodation between them. We quote the following from Belts Weekly Messenger of the 22nd of June : " But the most material circumstance, we mean the one which has recently put the ministry into the greatest peril, and has almost rendered it doubtful what their future cast's would be, has been the final scene of the Jamaica Bill in the House ofCnmrinms. It must be totally unnecessary to go over the circumstances which brought the question to its recent issue. It is sufficient to observe, that the main opposition to the bill (however objectionable it might be originated in a kind of wrong headed ness on the part of the radicals, and particularly on that of Messrs. Hume;, Grote, and Warburton, and that the conservatives, seeing this opportunity, and doubtless having themselves some objections to the same measure, easterly availed themselves of the accession it afforded them, and brought on-the two or three successive conflicts which have been fought on this subject. It will be remembered by our readers, that owing to one of those minor incidents which often occur in the protracted debates in the House of Commons, the division on the Jamaica Bill last week amounted to thirty-four in favour of the government, many of the conservatives having been shut out at the time of divid- ing. On Wednesday, on the third reading of the bill, Mr. Goulburn repeated his former motion, that the whole of the first clause, which in fact constitutes the substance of the bill, should be omitted. This brought on the third and last conflict up to the present time A short debate followed, in which Mr. Hume repeated his former opposition, and was followed in the division by some of his brother radicals. In the result, the majority of the government was reduced to ten, under which circumstance the bill has been sent up to the Lords. We have been given to understand, and we fully believe the report, that on this occasion also, as on the former, nearly half- a-dozen of the con- servatives have been compelled to repeat the excuse, and their leader to accept it, " impress alf admits," that whatever the people of Jamaica might want, or might dispense with, it could not be expected that English gentlemen could want or dispense with their dinner. Be this as it may, the bill has gone up to the House of Lords with the majority often only." The same journal however anticipates, that in consequence of the late " equivocal" declaration of the Duke of Wellington, and the strong feeling which the Queen is understood to entertain in favour of the Bill, it will be allowed to pass through the Lords with some modification in committee. In another part of the paper we find :-- e, Lord Melbourne's cabinet has sustained another, and a very formidable and considerable shock. The ministers, indeed, still retain their offices, but the expectation is now very general that some change must take place before another week elapses. Whether this change will amount to the actual resignation of ministers, or to some infusion of further radical strength in the cabinet, whether it will rise to the abandonment of office, or to the abandonment of measures, was uncertain up to the present time, and as little a matter of any reasonable discussion, as in what quarter the wind will be on Wednesday or Thursday next. Perhaps the final vote on the infidel education plan on Monday next, will bring the affair more nearly to an issue. We expect that Sir Robert Peel will be successful in resisting the disgraceful grant which Lord John Russell intends to propose in committee ; I that is, provided the ministers intend to persevere in this plan. Lord John Russell had given up his "Normal School," and plan of education. He would propose instead, that the money voted, £30,000, should be equally divided between the National and British and Foreign School Societies. He begged it however to be understood, that he did not intend to abandon the scheme which had been proposed ; it was only delayed for a time ; but we strongly suspect it is postponed to the Greek calendar. He complained that much misrepresentation and needless excitement had existed upon this subject. Lord Stanley, not content with removing the shadow was for destroying the substance. He moved that an address be presented to Her Majesty, praying her to revoke the order in council which appointed the Board of Education. He made a few remarks that apply with a curious felicity to the ill-digested schemes of our Educa- ironmongers in this colony. He objected altogether to the interference of such a committee in matters of Education : " Lord Stanley rose to represent the opinion of the vast majority of the petitioners, and to grapple with the source of the evil, whence had sprung the scheme of so-called National Education to refuse assent to the demand that the education of all the people be given up to a board exclusively political. He knew the bigotry and illiberality that would be charged against him that he would be accused of opposing himself to the enlightenment of the people. It was said that the old plan being abandoned, the petitioners would not object to the new one, but i Primo avulso non deficit alter The committee of the Privy Council might go on' changing their scheme, but they would remain the same. There was to be no legislation on the subject, no appeal! to Parliament, but a resolution of one branch of the legislation was to give up to a change, able body the important trust of the moral and religious education of the people. It was a vital error to make the continuous education of the people dependent on thechangvsofpolilical parties. (Hear,hear,hear.) He would not give funds under such pretence to further the political views, and foster the political friends of ministers, who would have no responsibility but an appeal to the majority of that house. What part of the scheme possessed the public confidence? The noble lord would not pretend to have the confidence of the church, or the Wesleyan Methodists and yet, while the Established Church and the Wesleyans opposed it, the scheme pretended to be founded on the assent of all religious denominations." It must be admitted that our Board of Education has many elements in its composition ; " black spirits and white, blue spirits and grey," mingle to constitute the Education rainbow of our hemisphere. All sorts and persuasions are blended together, with the view of forming one harmonious parliament of religious representatives, while religion is to be the least part of their care and the " consent of parents must first be obtained, even before they will allow their children to hear a chapter in the Bible read. This is the perfection of free-will ; but has it not struck our rulers in their wisdom, that if the parents are such excellent judges of the advantages or disadvantages of hearing the scriptures read, which the Board have virtually admitted by the saving clause they have inserted, would it not be consistent, at least, to transfer to the parents altogether the religious education of their children? What chance this Board would have with Lord Stanley as Secretary for the Colonies we leave its constructors to con- jecture, in the enviable enjoyment of those feelings of doubt and dismay which must assail them in reverting to the ministerial crisis at home. The debate upon Lord Stanley's motion was adjourned, having assumed a more angry tone than the discussion of such a subject might seem likely to excite. It was resumed on Wednesday the 19th, and concluded the following night, the ministers having succeeded in getting the former fatal majority of five, which on the principle of " small by degrees, and beautifully less," they now begin to regard with a different kind of resigna- tion from the last. The question will be revived when the vote of money is asked for in committee, and we shall not then be astonished to find the five still further reduced to an almost impalpable complement. Lord John Russell has brought forward his resolutions affecting the Government of Canada. They are to the following effect:- ] " 1. That it is the opinion of this House that it is expedient to form a Legislative Union of the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, on the principles of a free and representative government, in such manner as may most conduce to the prosperity and contentment of the people of the United Province. 2\. That it is expedient to continue till 1842 the powers vested in the Governor and Special Council of Lower Canada by an Act of last Session, with such alterations of those powers as may be deemed advisable." { The noble lord in introducing these resolutions said, in allusion to the report of Lord Durham a " As it was, his elaborate report presented a vivid picture of the state of Canada, perhaps too highly coloured as to the alleged hatred towards each other of the two races. One of the greatest evils had been the entire predominance of the French party in the House of Assembly, that party refusing that any French habits, French laws, or French tenures should be altered, and declining to give their assent or approbation to any law by which British enterprise could be encouraged. Another evil was, that the people of the upper province have been unable to carry on trade in that unrestricted manner in which they feel themselves entitled to do for want of having immediate communication with the sea. I think the true policy of this country, not only with regard to England and the Imperial Parliament, but as regards the future interests of Upper Canada, is to give a British character to the whole province hear, hear, hear) to allow British laws and British legislation to have a thorough scope to take care, by all means, that the French population shall not be oppressed, that they shall not suffer from any injustice, but at the same time not to allow their jealousies and their attachments to their own customs to stand in the way of that great progression which I trust Canada is destined to make, and which alone can make either a province or a stale prosperous and happy. (Cheers.) Now, it is proposed to have no Assembly of the legislature of the United Provinces till 1842. Another bill would provide for local election, municipal bodies, with power to levy taxes for the formation of roads, bridges, &c.; With regard to the Council, it should not be elective, but composed of persons having been employed either by the I crown or the people in some office of authority. Of the crown lands the Assembly may dispose when they have fixed a civil list.' The noble lord then argued at great length the question whereon he differed from Lord Durham, that the Governor should be responsible to the Assembly, and decided against it, on the ground that it would remove the responsibility of the Colonial Secretary. The clergy reserves he would leave to the disposal of the colonial legislature. The Assembly of Upper Canada, taking umbrage at Lord Durham's report, had sent another drawn up by themselves, and in that they appeared ?BriSMBiBaMMaHMBhÉaaMHMaHaaHaMMtoaw into consider the question of the union as feasible and advantageous. ' I shall, Sir, said his lordship, introduce a bill, if these resolutions are adopted ; but I say, with the information at present before us, and in the present state of public affairs, that I do not think that we should come to a satisfactory settlement of this great question if we were to press the House to go into committee on a bill containing enactments of details, without further concert and information. I wish that the ties which unite this country with the Canadas may be drawn closer, and may not be re- laxed that nothing may be adopted to weaken the sympathies of subjects so devotedly loyal ; therefore, having the same object with them, I wish to found a measure on the same principles as they have formed their proposition, and shall be content to confirm that principle now, and to subject the details to their examination and their consideration and I hope that this may be done in such a manner as to conduce in the end to the freedom and the happiness of those colonies." (Cheers.) Sir Robert Peel objected to the House pledging itself to a resolution to be redeemed after such a lapse of time. His experience in parliament had led him to disapprove of the plan of passing resolutions which might be influenced by subsequent circumstances. Had the right honorable baronet been acquainted with the nature of our four famous resolutions, he would have seen the inconvenience attending such a course, even in a Legislative Council, whilst he could scarcely have forborne a smile at the abortive attempts of the authors to wriggle out of the glorious maze of inconsistency in which they were thereby involved. Our four shilling legislators, however, are funny fellows. Mr. Charles Buller regretted that the noble lord had not further adopted the recommendation of Lord Durham in including Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in the constitution he was about to establish. The honorable member recited some details of the horrors of the late war, which did not seem to be very germane to the matter before the House, however they might go to show the extreme bitterness of feeling which raged on either side. Lord John Russell subsequently withdrew the first resolution, and asked leave to bring in a bill to form a Legislative Union between Upper and Lower Canada. It had, he said, been intended to have local commissioners belonging to the former legislative assemblies of Lower and Upper Canada, to ascertain and fix the districts to return members to the United Assembly; but in consequence of the recent change of intention, it was thought better that the division should be effected by direct enactment by the Imperial Parliament receiving all the local information that could be obtained as to the boundaries and districts. Those boundaries and districts were not defined by the bill, but they were referred to as to be defined in the schedule. He had said that it was proposed to have a cent tal district, and that there were to be four other districts. Each of these districts was to be divided into nine other divisions, so that there would be in the whole, supposing each such division to return two members, ninety members for the different divisions or electoral districts. 1 In addition to these, he proposed that the four largest towns should each return two members, making ninety-eight members in the whole. Mr. Serjeant Talfourd s Custody of Infants' Bill had passed through committee. After the first clause had been agreed to [ " Sir E. Sugden moved that all the rest be omitted. j To prevent the father having the care of his children, would be to say there were had married men, but could not be any had married women it would blunt the affections of the father, and might destroy the happi 1 ness of the child. He distrusted not laws that required enforeenipnl by rnmmilluls for contempt. Mr. [ Sergeant Talfourd could not see the force of the ob i jections of the right honourable gentleman. By the boasted law of England, as it stood, mothers were left without redress still open to a recurrence of the case on record, where the husband was able to com- mit his wife to prison, because she had refused to comply with the mandate of the Court of Queen's Bench, which ordered that her infant children should be torn from her. The marriage tie was as sacred in Scotland as in this country ; yet in Scotland the Court of Session had the power to interfere, and to give the custody of infants to the mother. All that the bill proposed was, to give a discretionary power to the judges to step between an angry father and the law which gave him absolute power over his children ; he wished to extend to the virtuous married woman that early care of her children which the mother of an illegitimate child possessed by law." The amendment of Sir E. Sugden was negatived. This bill is of a very important nature, and has been attacked as likely to disjoint the whole frame I of society, by the encouragement which it will afford to marriage separations. The children, it is said, frequently form the only bond of union which prevents separation, but that will be removed by the present Bill, which provides, that upon the order of any judge, the mother will be allowed access to her children. The opposition to this Bill has arisen more from the idea that it originates with Mrs. Norton, than any very valid reason that can be urged against it. The British and Foreign Review had a long, and in some respects a very able article upon the subject, to which our readers may recollect that lady replied in a spirited letter provoked by the personal allusions of the reviewer. The Chartist petition, with a million and a half of signatures, was presented to the House of Commons, by Mr. Attwood. In another part of our paper our readers will find an abstract of his speech, which appears to have been characterized with much firmness. In the House of Lords, Lord Brougham has introduced a Bill to repeal the Beer Bill, to which he traces much of the demoralisation and crime that has disgraced the country. I Lord Lyndhurst expressed his intention of in a troducing a Bill to expedite the business in Chancery, by the creation of another judge to sit in equity. " There were at present," he said, " upwards of 850 causes remaining to be heard, and many of them had been standing for a period of three years." The proposition of the noble lord has ended in an expressed intention on the part of the administration to create two judges, and to separate the judicial and parliamentary duties of the Lord Chancellor. It is said that the Tories are to have the nomination of one of the judges. This seems an extraordinary, if not incredible arrangement. | A Bill was introduced for the better arrangement of the Ecclesiastical Courts, called the Church Discipline Bill. The Bishop of Exeter opposed it, on the ground of its interfering with the jurisdiction of the Bishops. It appears that Lord John Russell issued a circular to the Lord-Lieutenants, Magistrates, and Mayors of towns, authorising the training in arms of loyal men, which has accordingly taken place in many parts of England. The Duke of Wellington deprecated such a proceeding, as the Mayor of a town, if a Chartist, might by authority of this order, next year train a thousand men in arms of his own way of thinking. It is objectionable in many other respects, because it draws a distinct line of demarcation between the people, and must necessarily engender a bad feeling, as much so almost as the calling out the yeomen of Ireland. I Why not, if there is danger to the state, call out several regiments of militia at once ? Economy, i we suppose, forbids it; and it will be found that the miserable measure resorted to will prove the most expensive one after all. Lord Londonderry compared the influence of O'connell over the the ministers, to that of Van Amburgh over his lions, upon which there was a growl in the cage, and the noble lord was called to order. Sir R. Peel attended a grand banquet given at Merchant Tailors' Hall, upon the occasion of the election of Scholars from the School to St. John's, Oxford, and delivered a speech expressive of his determination to adhere to the principles and line of conduct which he had declared to be the rule of conservative policy upon the occasion of the entertainment given last year by the company to the conservative members of the House of Commons. Lord Stanley also spoke, and in the course of his speech rather playfully observed " He was proud, as a younger brother of the Goldsmiths' Company, to express his hope, in the language of the gentle craft to which he belonged, that he should always be ready to stand the ' assay' of his principles (cheers and laughter, and that when he should be weighed in the balance he would not be found wanting ( hear, and a laugh." ') The Globe of the 17th June has the following paragraph :-" We are enabled to announce that Sir Lionel Smith has been appointed to the Governorship of the Mauritius and also that Sir Charles Metcalfe, whose high character and experience are well known from his important services in India, has been appointed Governor of Jamaica in the room of Sir Lionel Smith." Despatches have been received by the Lieutenant-Governor from Sir G. Gipps, announcing the abolition of transportation to these colonies, and the appointment of Captain Maconochie to the office of Superintendent at Norfolk Island, to carry into effect his plans of penal discipline. The offer was made through Sir John Franklin, and Captain Maconochie has this day set sail by the Indus. The salary is £800 a-year, with other emoluments. Bermuda is to be made another station. Transportation to these colonies may now, therefore, be said to be at an end. What becomes of the Assignment Board, now that its occupation is gone ? Norfolk Island is rather an unfavourable spot for the development of the Social System. Whatever may be the result of the experiment, and however we may have differed, and still differ, upon the excellence and practicability of Captain Maconochie's prison discipline plans, we shall re- joice if experience should teach us that we were wrong-the labourmustin a great part be lost; for there is no probability of Norfolk Island ever becom- ing a colony, as it possesses no harbour. The same labour might be advantageously employed in constructing roads and public works both in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and yet the system of Captain Maconochie be adopted. We have no doubt that Tasman's Peninsula will | eventually be made the station. The subject of transportation was to be brought before the House of Commons by Sir W. Molesworth, on the 2d of July. Much consternation has been caused in the camp of our Government, by the Chief Justice and Attorney-General of New South Wales having given it as 1 their opinion that any act directly prohibiting Distillation would be illegal. There is great fear, therefore, of the Prohibition Act passed in this colony being disallowed at home. The only reason that will induce the Secretary of State to approve of it, will be the understand- ing of a compact entered into with the par lice «boco interests were compromised. Was an Issue Bill any part of the agreement ? Our sapient legislators are checkmated. We may also add, that the laying such an Act upon the table without the previous sanction of the Secretary of State, is in direct opposition to the King's instructions to the Lieutenant-Governor of this Island. Our readers will find an advertisement, in reference to the Regatta, which is to be celebrated next month. His Excellency, the Lieutenant-Governor, is Patron, and the occasion is looked forward to as one of unusual interest by all classes. We have received a letter from Mr. Solomon, complaining that we have misrepresented him in the magisterial affair which occupies so much attention at Launceston. We have not room to insert it this week at the same time we must admit, that our correspondent has treated the subject with great temper and moderation. Last week three natives (two men and a boy were seen by Mr. Bilton's overseer on his farm, at the River Dee, and on being pursued, immediately fled, leaving an opossum killed which they were in the act of roasting ; they have been several times seen by different persons. BHHMi'JirBHMMMi A conspiracy has it appears been discovered by the Advertiser, in the opposition offered by this journal to the Government upon the Distil- lation Question. We meant, according to this oracle of plots, to overthrow the present dynasty, and substitute another in its stead. 'Tiser has indeed conjured up a ghost to affright himself. We never dreamed of the possibility of such a contingency; and if ever we had heard such a report-, we should at once have scouted it, and in the same language as Lord Brougham did that of the rumoured retirement from office of a noble lord, we should have said, " no, no, don't believe it- rely upon it those gentlemen have a dead deal more resignation of another kind." We certainly did, and do still, contemplate the possibility of their being forced out, by the disapproval of the Issue Bill, which is sure to come from the Secretary of State. Moreover, we give our contemporary the full benefit of the alternative, and will admit, that in the event of the Bill in question being declared a just a legal, and a constitutional measure, the Attorney- General ought to be compelled to resign his office. But if, on the other hand, it should be pronounced unjust, illegal, and unconstitutional, then what becomes of its sponsors ? Why, or by whom, was His Excellency advised to peril the existence of his Government upon such a measure ? Let them look to their bond. They will find great difficulty in escaping through any fancied loophole. I As to the legal opinions upon the Bill they stand divided between the Chief Justice and the Attorney-General. The Solicitor-General's arguments we never yet heard in favour of its legality ; they are no doubt very strong ; but if they are equally convincing with those used in defence of its principle, we predict that they are not likely to prove of any very considerable weight in determining the question. Besides by this he has had time to come round again to his old way of thinking for violent delights have generally violent ends, and a relapse into impiety not unfrequently follows a sudden conversion. We perceive, however, the name of the Puisne Judge again thrust in with as little ceremony, as indeed correctness, in order to give countenance to a fallen cause. It was at first broadly and boldly asserted in Tiser, that Mr. Montagu was in favour of the Bill, and had expressed his willingness to accept the office of Attorney- General in order to carry it through the Council The turning out not to be the factor endeavour! to wriggle out, by saying, that he asserted so and so from inference; but no sooner is the exposure grown a month old than we see the same assertion unblushingly put forward again. We know that the opinion of Mr. Montagu, U against the legality of the Bill; nay, more, had it passed into an enactment, there is every probability that he would have certified against it. We might also add, that in common with all others who were present during the debates in the Legislative Council, he viewed the proceedings of the Government, in their efforts to interpose His Excellency between themselves and defeat, and their many though miserable manoeuvres, their pring. pie and their been, their shifting of provisos and their shuffling of resolutions, with right good English feeling and honest contempt. So much then for 'Tiser's authority-so much for his re", ference so much for his return to the same point from which he set out, and whither he now feels like the hare in the last effort of exhaustion As to the probability of one party being more right than another, our contemporary would do well to bear in mind, that there are other lawyers in the community, all of whom are united in opinion on the illegality of the Bill. One of these gentlemen, remarkable for his perspicuity of mind and clearness of comprehension, and as good a lawyer as any in the island, was yet stolid enough to confess, that having paid attention to the arguments of Sir John Pedder, he was the more confirmed in the opinion which he entertained upon the illegality of the Bills v 