NOT being inclined for, or suited to, the command, of a Royal Yacht, or to the agreeable application of that " sweet curd classes milk," with which the ears of the imaginary great, delight to be tickled* or, to the performance of the necessary cap-inhand observances, never to be forgotten in such a service, we have thought proper to shift our pennant out of the Hobart Town Advertiser, into a craft of our own, called the Weekly Dispatch, which vessel, it shall not be our fault if we do not sail, and fight {if necessary) after our own fashion. Our colours are those hoisted in our late command on the 5th April last, and to those colours we shall be true, to the last hour of our existence. Steering our course, on an Independent cruise, fully prepared for peace, or war, we part company with the Hobart Town Advertiser, not in anger, but with sincere regret, leaving her, as wedo, —a lone vessel, on a stormy sea. Ceasing to be metaphorical, we shall merely further observe, that our public sentiments being already known, it is not our intention to occupy space unnecessarily by a repetition of professions. We will rather confine ourselves to an expression of gratitude to those who have promised us their support, and to a promise that each succeeding number of the Tasmanian Weekly Dispatch shall be as generally amusing and useful, as possible. HAVING undertaken to advocate the individual, and general interests of the Licensed Victuallers of this Colony, we think it our duty to call their attention, and that of all those interested in their welfare, to the Quarterly Meeting of the Society on on Monday next. (See advertisement) For this purpose, perhaps, the better way will be to offer a brief review of the proceedings, and objects of the institution established on the 17th of April last. On that day, and at meetings held since that period, about 70 licensed victuallers have formed themselves into a society, for the purpose of " promoting the interests and respectability of the trade." each member paying a subscription of one pound per year to the permanent benevolent fund, and 24s. for contingent expences. The objects f the institution are benevolent, and protective, after the plan laid down by the Licensed Victuallers Society in England. From the 17th of April to the present day, all has gone on well. Every one has paid up his subscription, and at the expiration of the first year, any member, or family of a member, will be entitled to the benefits contemplated in the formation of the society. These we canuot describe in detail in the space we can now afford for the consideration of the subject, neither is it necessary, because those who feel an interest in the matter, will not think it too much trouble to make enquiry on a question so vitally important to their interests. Briefly then we say—the first point contemplated is to prevent the possibility of any member being subjected to pecuniary distress from unavoidable causes—to provide for him a home, and support, should he require them in his old age, out of nis own funds, as it were, and not by the cold unwilling hand of charity,—also, in case of death, to afford aid to those who may be left in distressed circumstances. These are good points,— are they not? The next is to furnish him with pecuniary assistance, when called upon to deiend himself against power improperly exercised. The last object, however, that we shall now notice is at least equally essential,—the education of his children on terms both advantageous and economical. To show this we need merely observe, that in the Hobart Town district there are about 130 licensed victuallers. Say, that these parents have 250 children, for whose edu cation they at present pay, upon an aver age, £4 each, or £1000 per annum. Now we recommend, that the licensed victuallers give £300 to a respectable married couple, to instruct these children—let them so long as it is necessary, pay another £200 per year for interest of money to purchase land, and for building a School-room, (all these arrangements being under their own management), and then say £100 per annum, for extras, such as fuel, furniture, &c.; The result will be, a saving upon the present expenditure of £400 per annum; and also, the satisfaction of knowing, that the children are well and respectably educated. A School-room could be built in the centre of the town, to which might afterwards be added a Committee-room, and a Schoolmaster's residence. In this way, in a very few months, much may be done, evincing beyond the chance of all contradiction, the usefulness of a Licensed Victuallers Society. We recommend it most earnestly to the trade generally, and again promise to do our best, to, promote its establishment. When the society was first formed, it was looked upon by some persons with anything rather than kindness, or favor,—many unkind insinuations were thrown out,—now, what is the result ? It is not only established, with a highly respectable fund to pave the way for all purposes contemplated, but the great Colony of New South Wales has followed the lead,—and at Launceston also, the licensed victuallers are waiting for the rules and by-laws of the first society, to form an union of a similar nature. At Sydney, a petition has already been laid before the Council, by the Governor, Sir G. Gipps, from the licensed victuallers, brought to him, he says in his address, by three gentlemen of the scciety,"—so far well. They are acknowledged to be decent people, at least, and by favor they have been called gentlemen. Hitherto, in both Colonies, we believe, they have been considered anything but either honest, or decent, —very little better in fact, in substance of character, than the shadows, or the ghosts of the very gentlemanly constables who are so very kind as to pay them, occasionally, such very marked and extraordinary attention. However, we shall see,—time works wonders. In another part of the Weekly Dispatch of this day, is inserted the petition to which we allude. With reference to the question of a similar memorial in this Colony, we venture to assert, that it is in no way necessary. The law officers of the Crown, and the Government, are inclined, we know, to amend the present Licensing Act, and those whose interests are affected may rest assured that it will be clone almost immediately. The Crown Solicitor and Clerk of the Peace will, we feel assured, do all in his power to forward the measure, and in doing so, to consult the safety and just interests of all parties, Finally—we have not, for one moment, had reason to alter our belief, that the for- mation of a Licensed Victuallers Society, would be a permanent good conferred upon the public generally: we, therefore, again call upon the trade to put aside all personal feelings (if any exist) and to join in this bond of union, formed for mutual advantage. We will adopt, in recommending this, a motto used by us, and taken from our own " sayings and doings," (not from those of others), in the Hobart Town Advertiser. —" It is by the rich and the poor pulling together, that each and all are benefitted." It is only by the more wealthy, and the more humble members of the trade, joining together in support of themselves, of the laws, and of the general objects carried out in England, and contemplated here, that the licensed victuallers of Van Diemen's Land can hope, as a body, to be raised above their present position. For ourselves, we feel proud in having assisted ni forming the society to which we allude, and still greater satisfaction at is prospects of certain success. It must prosper in spite of all obstacles. We direct a portion of the power of the Press, and with this power, and the support of other Journals, of whose help, in such a cause, we feel certain,—as well as of those who have hitherto rendered assistance,—we say, it shall succeed ;—it must be so, because the institution is founded on just and benevolent principles. Let those gainsay it who dare. We are ready. 