TO THE MINISTERS AND OFFICE-BEARERS OF THE Wesleyan 1Wethodist SOCIETIES IN MANCHESTER. London, July 6, 1839. ".We hold the faith of ourfathers held to God." REVEREND SIns AND GENTLBMEN,-There alppeared in the Mforning Clhronicle of the 2nd of Jun,e an advertisement, headed "National Education," containing a manifesto on that important subject, addressed by you to sour representatives in parliament. I do not at all dispute your right to address your representatives on a matter of such great interest; but whilst I admit that right, I feel bound to dispute the propriety of the manner in which you so remonstrated. It seems to nle tilat the contents of your remonstrances do not exhibit any great stock of Christian knowledge, and that they are still more deficient in Chris tian clhaity. 'To avoid all possibility of mis-stating your sentiments, I will give them in your very words. They are these: 6 We most decidedly object to the intended scheme, on the strong grounds of conscience, and of our right to full religious liberty. * ^ We protest againsst being taxed for the teaching and maintenance of systems of reli gion which we, in common with the vast najo rity of our fellow countrymen, believe to be false and injurious. " " We protest more especially against our being compelled to support schools in whic it is proposed to use version of tihe Holy Scrip. tures notoriously corrupt and nafalthful, a?nd accompanied by notes which we consider con tain the most absurd and pernicious doctrines. *I' We think it would be all infringement on our rights, as a large and intflencial religious community, that after having paid a consider able portion of the money expended in national education, it would be impossible that the chil dren of Wesleyan Methodists should avail them selves of its advantages witlout being sub jected to the dangers arising from the exhibi lion of rival sects contending for rival versions of the Bible, and from the spirit of doubt, if not of absolute infidelity, in which that exhibi tion would be so likely to result." I have several objections to this manifesto of yours. The first is, your claim to be considered friendly to the principle of full religious liberty. It is an excellent principle: but, I repeat, you have no claim or right to be considered friendly to it. On the contrary, its assertion in your mouths sounds so exceedingly like hypocrisy, that I would respectfully caution you not to use it any more. And for this simple reason- that the Wesleyan Methodists, in the person of their founder, and from his days, have upon all occasions shown themselves the enemies of freedom of conscience. I speak of the great body of the Wesleyan Methodists. There have, of course, been in dividual exceptions, and some highly honoar able ones ; but my accusation is directed against the great anid overwhelming majority of the Wesleyan Methodists. Look to the history of your sect, society, or persuasion, or whatever name you may choose to call it, and you will find that such history justifies and proves the truth of my accusation. In the first place, the Protestant dissenters of England, for nearly half a century after the organization of your society, were oppressed by penal and restriotive laws for conscience sake. And whilst they were seeking for the repeal of the test and corporation acts, you, the Wesleyan Methodists, never assisted them in that holy struggle. At least, if you did, the fact never reached use. On the contrary, you at least appeared, if you were not really, amongst the ardent supporters of the enemies of the English Protestant dissenters. I know that in the year 1828, when the Ca tholics of Ireland unanimously and powerfully petitioned for perfect freedom of conscience for the English Protestant dissenters, you did not, as we did, mingle in the fight, of become en titled to share in the glory of the victory. Secondly, is the long struggle the Catholics of Ireland made for the abolition of the laws that infringed freedom of conscience, you never gave us any assistance. On the contrary, you were found in the adverse ranks, active, per severing, virulent! How can you, then, think of claiming to yourselves the Christian epithet of "friends of freedom of conscientce ? ' In the third place, you would have departed widely, indeed, from the priciples of the remark. able man who formed your society, if you were not active enemies of freedom of conscience, as your sounder, the Rev. John Wesley, exhi bited the most ardent, but melancholy zeal in the cause of intolerance. He was, 1779, one of the principal founders or managers of that " Protestant Association, which in June, 1780 very nearly achieved the destruction of London, by one of those insurrections which are in the present day called émeutes. The Protestant mob had, it is well known, possession of the city of London for nearly six days-destroyed not only the houses of the Catholics and their property, but the Catholic chapels, and also much Protestant property, as well as the pri sons of the metropolis. The great instigator of that Protestant Association, both in the pulpit and through the press, was that Wesley whose name you bear ; and the first page of your po litical history as stained with tye plunderings, the burnings, the destruction of prosperity, the bloodshed, and the fearful insurrection of June, 170. In the fourth place, you are unable (and per haps you are unwilling) to shrink from the avowal of the guilt of John Wesley in these transactions. The insurrection commenced on the 2nd June, 1780, the day that the Protestant Association presented their petition to parlia ment. Ont the 17th of February in that year, that very association presented their unanimous thanks to John Wesley for his exertions in their cause. But whata I think is the worst fea. tare in the entise of his conduct is, his having afterwards, and after the insurrection was pot down, the audacity (whicht I hope will never have a parallel) actually to publish and argue that this insurrection for the desttuction of Ca tholic property, Catholic places of worship, and Catholic lives, was nothing less than a Popish plot ! ! Thus, Wesleyan Methodists, do I dispose of your claim to be deemed friends of freedom of conscience. My advice to you is, to abandon the wretched pretence in future. Avow your selves friends of intolerance, and, if you dare, of persacntion; but do not outrage common sense and Christian sentiment, by arfrcting to be favourable to religious liberty. Such is my first objection to your manifesto -the suggestion of your being what you are not. Yet 1 am quite ready to applaud the prin ciple you put forward in that manifesto. Where it is applicable to you, 1 am quite con tent you should have the benefit of it. You protest against the tax for the teaching and maintenance of systems of religion which you you believe to be false and injurious. With you I join in that protest. Oh, how heartily do I thank you, good Wesleyan Methodists, for the principle ! What a blow it gives to the payment of church rates by Protestant dis. senters or'ltoman Catholics in England! What a heavy blow you give to the Protestant estab. lishment in Ireland ! How heartily do I thank you for the excellent principle you thus put forward ! But come, be honest! Work out your own principle. No man should be taxed for the teachiog and maintenance of a religion he deems false and injurious. Let the Piesbyte. rian, Episcopalian, Independent, Baptist, and Catholio, have the benefit of it. It applies to all. Will you work it 0ut for all ? But no I you will claim it for yourselves you will not grant it to others. ' What you would that other men should do onto you, that you will not do unto them." To justify your conduct in a m'ral point of view, all that Is necessary is directly to contra. dict the plain precept of holy writ. We will now proceed to your biblical know. ledge. The words you utse are these: " We protest most especially against our being compelled to support schools in which it is proposed to use versions of the Holy Scrip tures notoriously corrupt and unfaithful, and accompanied by notes which, we consider, contain most absurd and pernicious doctrines." I will begin with the notes. And my convic tion is, that not one amongst you ever read the notes of the Cathlolic version of the Holy Scriptures in modern use. It is quite true that thlre was an edition of the Rheimish or Douay Bible that contained notes in which the civil power was sought to be justified in inflicting persecution for religious dissent. But there are, indeed, very few copies in existence con taining such notes; and all the copies in use by the clergy, or in use in Catholic schools, colleges, or private houses, are quite free from any such notes. The ntultitudmnous copies published in England and Ireland in re cent times are quite free from them. Iln deed, even if they existed, the complaint against them would come with a very bad grace from the Wesleyan Methodists, who, as far as the more liberal spirit of the present period will allow, countenance the principle of religious persecution. But the catholics, one and all, have repudiated these notes and the doctrines they contain. No man ever repu diated and condemned them more loudly than I did, and do. The complaint, therefore, that you make against notes that no longer for any prac tcal purpose exist, appears to me to be idle and frivolous, and quite unwortby of being intro duced into any discutssion upon so ilmportant a subject as national education. Thel next allegation of your's to which I object is, that the Catholic version, of the Holy Scriptures is notoriously corrupt and unfaith ful. In this you display nothing but a lament. able ignorance. You have mnade a chtarge which you can never prove, and which you would be ashamed to make if yos hald biblical rlearning adequate to the importance of the subject. You would then have known that such a charge applies, not to the Catholic, but to the Protestant version and that whilst many Protestant divines have borne their testimony in favour of the Catholic version, many learned Protestant, as well as all Cartholic divines, have demonstrated the errors in the Protestant authorised version-to this extent, that some of those errors, upon most important points of religious belief, are admitted by learned Pro testants to be manifest, and yet remain to this day uncorrected. Let me put you in posses sion of a few facts. It may be of use to you to know them. First-That the first great use made of the press, after the invention of the art of printing. was the publication, by the celebrated Faust, of the Bible, according to the Vulgate. The edition was very large. It was, however, in Latin; but you should know that at that period almost every person who could read understood Latin. This pblication took place more than 70 years before the so-called " Reformation." Second-That about 800 editions of the Bible or New Testament were printed and circulated in Catholic Europe before the so-called Re formation, and before the name of Protestant was known in the world. Third-A number, exceeding 200, of these editions were in the vernacular tongues of the different countries in which they were pub lished, and were thus accessible to everybody who could read. Fourth- These editions of the Bible in the vernacular tongues were alnost exclusively pub lished in the countries that afterwards conti nued faithful to Catholicity ; whilst in England, Sootland, Sweden, Denmark, and Norway. where Protestantism acquired an early, and has maintained a more lasting ascendancy, no Bible existed in the national tongue until after they had embraced the new creed. Fifth-'That the only exception in favour o a country having adopted the new creed, or rather creeds, is Holland, in which there were two or three vernacular versions of Scripture before the Reformation; but it must be admit ted that the political position of Holland influ enced, if it did not create, the adhesion of the Dutch to Protestanism. Aud there is this compensation, that in no country in Europe are the inhabitants returning more quickly or more numerously to the Catholic faith than are the Dutch. But of the countries we have above mentioned as being peculiarly Protestant, it is remarkable that Protestanissm was introduced into England by Henry VIII., and into Den. mark by Christiern II.,-two of the greatest monsters that ever disgraced, not only the throne, but human nature ! Sixth-That the first versions of the Bible in the English language published after the conm mencement of the Reformation wesre-1stly, Tyndal's; 2dly, Coverdale's ;-both it the reign of Henry VIII. ; 3dly, that called " the Bishop's Bible," in the reign of Queen Eliza. beth; and thtese three possessed the exclusive circulation of England until the year 1611, when the present " authorised" version was published, in the reign of James 1.-the three former versions having prevailed for a period of nearly sixty years, as the authorised versions of the Sacred Scriptures for the English Pro testants. Seventhl-That these versions were so full of gross errors, tthat they were declared by nore than one thousand ministers of the English Protestant Church to be " in some places absurd ; and in others, as taking from, per verting, obscuring, falsifying the word of God;" and as being what James himself called " a most corrupt translation." Yet it was from such versions that the biblical Christians of England had, for a period of nearly sixty years, to select their religion. Eighth-That the present authorised version, that of King James, has not escaped Protestant censure of the most emphatic nature. Protes taut divines of the highest character-I name Louth, Newcombe, Wakefield, Bellamy, (and J could name many others)-admit that the errors in the Protestant authorised version are frequent, and that a revision is desirable. And a more recent and laborious Protestant writer, the Rev. Mr. Horne, in his "Introduction to the Critical Study of the Scriptures," vol. ii, fully concurs in the opinions of the more ancient Protestant divines. Yet it is fronm this version, in which, in the mitigated language of Protestant divines, "the errors are frequent," and of which a revision was declared to he very desirable that you, Wesleyan Methodists, and the rest of the Pro testants of England, collect your religion. Ninth-The persons who revised, and tinder whose sanction the present Protestant version was produced, were men whose character and strength of mind may be judged of by their having dedicated their new version of the Bible to James 1., that slobbering and disgust ing creature, who has been so jusily described as the shame alike of royalty and of manhood ! and in their dedication having called him "the sun in his strength," " whom the heavenly hand of the Lord hath enriched with many singular and extraordinary graces, that he may be the wonder of the world ! ! !" Tenth-The Catholic authorised version was first published at Douay in the year 1609. It was the result of forty years' toil and labour, and can fairly stand a comparison with any other version of the sacred scriptures, published in any country, either Catholic or Protestant. Eleventh-I close my statement of these in teresting notices, with reminding you that the Catholic needs not and does not rely upon any particular Catholic version of the sacred scrip tures. He has an everliving and a speaking authority to resort to. It is the duty and it is the happiness of the Catholic that he should " Her alone for his director take Whom God has promised never to forsake." Having thus thrown before you facts, the verificatton of which is familiar to any in structed biblical scholar, I proceed to consider as rapidly as so inmportant a subject will per mit another topic of great importance in itself, but which I think you have been exceedingly incautious in bringing forward. It is a topic which, in my humble judgement, you should have cautiously abstained from. It can do you nothing but mischief. It appears to me to be a disavowal of the very first principles of Pro. testantism. It is that in which you complain of the dangers to which your children " would be exposed by the exhibition of rival sects contending for rival versions of the Bible, and by the spirit of doubt, if not of absolute infi delity, in which that exhibition would be so likely to result." And is it so, Wesleyan Methlodists ? Is there, then, danger of doubt ! Is there, then, danger of absolute infidelity from the exhibition of rival versions of the Bible ? And are you thus determined to rear up and educate your ochil. dren in the ignorance of that most important fact ? And will you conceal from those children too, who they were from whom that spirit of doubt emanated, and with whom the danger of that absolute infidelity originated, and by whom it was continued ? Meditate well upon your own words; and bethink you if they are not destined to rise in judgment against you, and to produce your condemnation out of your own mouths ? For, speaking of Protestantism as a fact, and, for the present not condemning, and (of course) not approving of it-is it not this, the right of 'private judgment, and the right, as well as the duty, of each individual to examine and decide for himself, by selecting front the written word of God, and from that alone, the tenets of his religion ? T'his is the principle of your religion, else you are not Protestants: " The sole sufficiency and the all-sufficiency of the written word of God, with tihe right of each individual to ex pound its meaning for himself."'' Now, come with me, I pray you, for one moment, and tell me whether this principle does not necessarily and inevitably imply a perfect knowledge of what is, and what is not " the written word of God ?" There is as accurate, though parliamentary language, a previous question, or rather ques. tions, before you can use any book as containing the word of God. First--ls it certain that the book does cont tain the word of God ? Seoondly-Is it certain that it contains the entire word of God ? These two questions should be fully and satisfactorily answered before any Protestant can safely use the Bible. In fact, it is plainly the duty of every umember of the Protealaut churches to satisfy himself individually of the ground whereon he receives the Protestant Bible. This Information is of the utmost and of the most vital importance. The Protestant has thrown off the authority of the church to decide the canon of scripture. It would be absurd to suppose that, disclaiming the autho rity of the church, he is to rely on that of the King's printer ! ! To be consistent, therefore, with Protestantism, you should, instead of shrinking from the investigation, consider it your first duty to teach your children to authen ticate the genuine canon of scripture, and, of course, to distinguish the false and erroneous versions from the true. The fact is, that your children, in order to be safe in reading the book you put into their hands as the Bible, should be taught, firstly, the authenticity of the several books com posing that volume; secondly, the divine inspiration of the writers of those several books. They should be able to give a reason why the books of St. Mark and St. Luke, who were not apostles, should be received as genuine —and, above all, as inspired— while they are called upon to reject that written by St. Bar nabas as not inspired, although it was certainly authentic, and although he is certainly known to have worked miracles, and is described to your Bibles to be an apostle, and full of the Holy Ghost. These questions do not create doubt; they do not excite to infidelity in the mind of the Catholic, who relies on the authority of the church for the authenticity and inspiration of the holy scriptures—the sacred deposit in all climes and every age of the Catholic church. But you, Wesleyan Methodists, what are you to do ? Are you to control the reason and judgment of your children by an ephemeral claim to spiritual authority ? And if you have not that authority (as assuredly you have not) it is in vain for you to hope that you can stifle doubts by leaving your children in ignorance of the real nature of the controversy; or subdue the germs of infidelity by insisting upon a sub mission to which you have no species of rational claim. In sober truth, the doctrine of church autho rity in these matters is so plainly consistent with the dictates of common sense, that you yourselves unconsciously resort to it and admit (without intending it, but in explicit terms) that the anti-Catholic rule necessarily leads to doubts, and has a direct tendency to promote infidelity. Wesleyan Methodists, I have done with you for time present. I shall not notice any anony mous publication that may appear in reply to this letter. But I proceed to conclude my address to you with these observations:- First-That you allege that it is not honest to apply the money of the Wesleyans to edu cate persons in the Roman Catholic religion. I admit it. But is it not equally dishonest to apply Roman Catholic money for the education of the Wesleyans, or of any other sect, in doc trines which Catholics believe erroneous ? As Cobbett coarsely says, " What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander." Secondly-Your letter is full of the above dishonesty, You desire that the money of all persuasions should be applied to the education of only some. Thirdly-The Catholics, on the other hand, desire to deal honestly by all. They insist upon the principle of common sense and common justice-that the money of all should be applied to the education of every one. The Catholic church at every period, and in every country, has been the promoter of edu cation. Before the Reformation every great church, and all the monasteries, friaries and convents, had schools attached to them for the poor, who were educated gratuitously. In Ox ford alone, before the Reformation, there were 300 halls and private schools besides the college. Where are they now. Wesleyan Mlethodists, I conclude for the present. You have provoked this contest by the bigotry and injustice of your narrow views on the subject of education. I rejoice in your affording me the contrast between genuine Ca tholic liberality and the intolerance of Wes leyan Methodism. You have been driven, actually to contradict Protestant principles in order to palliate that intolerance. How true it is " Et secum petttlans amentia cerlat." Your organization is extensive, and would be formidable, but for its inherent spirit of uncha ritable antipathy to your fellow-Christians. You desire to make converts of the Catholics. Can you hope to succeed by the exhibition of pecuniary injustice and spiritual virulence ? Your no-Popery cry is daily losing its force and its efficacy. At the present period you could no more get up an insurrectionary move ment against the Catholics, as you did in 1780, than you could subvert the throne of the con stitution. Instead of injuring, you serve the cause of Catholicity, because you place in the most powerful contrast with your labours tihe exertions of the Catholics to promote liberality, general education, and a perfect exemption for all Christians from any legal or temporal fetters upon the freedom of conscience. I am, reverend sir. , and gentlemen, with all the usual compliments of ceremony, your humble servant, DANIEL O'CONNELL. 