[?] Reasons for subscribing to the XXXIX. Articles of the Established Church of England and Ireland : her Creeds and Confessions of Faith.- -By A Layman. Written for THE Sydney Standard.! I Continued from our last. \ Article XIV. Works of Supererogation. ".So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, we are uiipio- Jitahle servants ; too have done that which teas our dututodo." Luke.xvii. 10.- This single text may be said to put an extin guisher upon all the false reasoning upon this subject: however, not to dismiss it so abruptly, let us appeal to reason, not to strengthen the Scripture argument against the doctrine, for that would be a work of supererogation in itself. This doctrine, against which this article of Our belief protests, teaches sinful, erring man, to be lieve that he can attain to sinless perfection, and not content with this, goes yet a step further, and elevates the creature to the level ol the. Creator; in fact, makes the creature the coadjutor of the Saviour. The man who believes in the doctrine of supere rogation must believe that having done as much as will save himself he can now assist the Saviour in aAvinrr nilicrc. nnrl so entitle himself to share with Christ tire glory of Itaving saved a sinner from condemnation. Thus the doctrine of salva tion by grace, through faith in a crucified and risen Saviour, is made void, and the whole testi mony of Scripture discarded. We are recommended " to work out our own salvation", it is true, but what, follows ? " for it is God that workelh in us to will and to do of l#s . good pleasure," It is deeply to be deplored "that the doctrine of human perfectabilily is not confined to the Apos- tale .Church of llome. Tire Doctrine of Works of : Supererogation is the first-horn of lire belief .inltim' doclrine of human perfeetabilily. If words have mqgiiing — to be perfect is to be sinless, and yet the Scripture saitlr, " No man liveth and sin- lipttl trot." VVe arc told to look to Christ as an example of what we ought to be ourselves, " Be ye perfect;" and many similar admonitions occur in Scripture it is true, 'but if by the deeds of the law, it were possible to save one's self, there would have been no necessity for a Saviour. .We are told by the Great Apostle of the Gentiles to press forward continually towards the prize of the mark of our high calling in Christ Jesus. Surely St. Paul would not have thus written had he been taught to think that absolute perfection was attainable, because, however perfection is to be Obtained, the moment it is obtained, the necessity for " pushing forward continually ceases. I con ceive that what is meant by this; and similar pas sage is, to urge the necessity of a constant and unremitting attention to the things that concern the salvation of ouif Souls. Having a perfect example set before our eyes, and a state of per fection promised to us which has been purchased at a costly price, (she life's blood of lite Saviour). We are admonished to be instant in season, and out of season in our ehdeavours to reach the gaol of the sinner's hope. Tiie Gospel inculcates a feeling of perpetual dependence, which would be paradoxical, were unqualified perfection attaina ble, " that which a man hath, why doth he yet hbpe for." Article XV. Christ alone without Siti. I re- tret to know that by some it is doubted, whether this. Article is to be construed as a declaration of the impeccability of Christ's human nature. Christ in his humanity so far followed the course of nature as to suffer his earthly tabernacle to be .brought into existence by generation. He was born it is true of the Virgin Mary, who was a natural offspring of a fallen man — but be it re membered that the Saviour, who is " Christ the Lord," was conceived by God the Holy Ghost. Eiid God beget that which cotild even be cnphble of Sin ? Did tjie divine nature commingle itself with sinful nature 7 Is it at all necessary in order to prove the doctrine of our Saviour's humanity, to prove that he was capable of sill or else to 'leUve bis real humanity a doubtful question 7 Blessed be God the question is not left. doubtful, the scripture declares lltni sin had no part or lot in him, for . I\e was without spot or blemish — sanctified; set apart, separate from sin. But lie partook ofjoiur weaknesses and infirmi ties. lie could raei'-huiiger, thirst, and bodily fatigue — yes, or how' could he have made mani fest liis humanity. Sin is not a necessary consti tuent of humanity, though unhappily a natural one — however, avoiding metaphysical problems .and deductions ; 1 am content to receive aS true "tire Scripture testimony respecting Christ's being both man arid God, and our hearts if open to conviction will reject the specious reasoning of .those, who tlesire to disturb the minds of the humble confiding disciples of Christ, who can behold him with the eye of Faith, as God indeed not only sinless in point of fact whilst veiled , :in flesh, bui incapable of sin. To me tire itlea of Christ being capable of sin is so monstrous that could I be induced to believe it, I should discard all faith in the revealed word of God. Atricle XVI. Of Sin after Baptism. Bap tism is considered by some as an inaugural rite, . a mere external ceremony. Others carry tliefr views of baptism to a dangerous extreme in the ' opposite direction, and some there be who hold it as altogether unnecessary, and not a few there 'be, who dedy.thri propriety of using any symbol of that whiciv is in its nature purely and exclu- , :eive)y. spiritual. . Believing baptism to be of Divine ordinance, \ ' I cannot admit Tor a single instant the idea thai . -.God ever instituted a ceremony . to which U blei- ' sine is not appended. The opposers of Infant Baptism say thai at -best we have only an inferential warrant for frifant baptism'; I'cannot in so brief a space, attempt a refutation of the various errors that have -found acceptance concerning baptism, lam perfectly sa- tisfied will) the inferential foundation upon which die church grounds its defence of the practice. Under the Mosaic dispensation infants were received into the Church by an outward sign or ceremony, a ceremony which typified our baptis mal rite, both ceremonies having in principle the same -end in view. . The command given to the first .ministers of the gospel dispensation, was " Go into all nations Baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of die Holy Ghost." The words " all nations" of course meant all people — no limitation, was mentioned. The Apostles were all of them .lews, and, there fore, acquainted with the law respecting infants, and it is only fair to infer that had they enter tained any doubt upon the point they would have asked their masfer, whether children were included in their commission. No such question was asked, no such exception was even iudirectly alluded to. The infant Israelite by Circumcision, was en grafted into the Church of God, and thereby became eligible (if I may be allowed the expres sion) to enjoy, the covenanted blessings that were bestowed on the faithful members of that Church —so with the infant Gentile in the Christian Church. - The Anglican Church has established a regu lation connected with this sacrament which is not directly authorised by Scripture, but as it is not contrary to Scripture it cannot justly be con- sidered unlawful ; I mean the institution of Sponsors. The object of this regulation was doubtless to secure the spiritual instruction of the child, that in the event of the natural parents being called away by death, a parent in God, or God parent, might supply the natural parents place. The rigid enforcement of this well in tended regulation sometimes proves vexatious if not injurious. A conscientious persotr will not undertake so solemn an obligation unless he or she thinks they will be able to do their duty, iand a conscientious parent will not ask such a favour of any one wlio would not be likely to fulfil the Crigagement, and the consequence is, that many, very many children, remain unbaptised to a late, period, whilst others will take their children to I be baptised by Sectarian teachers. I am no advocate for the abrogation of the regulation, but I do conceive that the minister of the gospel may frequently dispense witli Sponsors, and ac cept the natural parents in their stead. Who is so much interested in the present and eternal welfare of a child as its own parents. On the other hand the civil law interposes between the Sponsor and the parent; if tliey be of diverse opinion the Sponsors cannot fulfil their engage ments if the parents object. The law of the land leaves the parents of the child to do as seemeth good in their own eyes, as to the mode of faith in which a child shall be educated. In this colony, for instance, many cases may arise where it. is impossible for parties to procure Godly Sponsors. A poor emigrant family for example, just arrived, witii no friends or acquain- tances, \ylio can they ask to become sponsors to their child ; the Protestant Papist minister may say, I do not care who you get, but I will not christen, your child unless you comply with the rules of the Church ; the' poor parents in this case must either forego the blessing and privilege of having their child properly inducted into the visible church, or go to some dissenting church, or as many do," ask tho first person they know whether that person be in reality Jew, Turk, or Atheist. I do, therefore, think that the regula tion respecting Sponsors, as il is not of Divine origin, might and ought to be waived when a sufficient case has been made out to warrant such a relaxation of discipline. But to resume my remarks on Baptism itself as an ordinance of God. The Christian parent comes before the Church, and there dedicates, as it were, his offspring to its Creator. He enters into a covenant for his child — a covenant which the child will fulfil, it is hoped, when it arrives at the years of discretion ; but how it can enter into the mind of any one acquainted witii Scripture, that God lias promised to save every one that has entered into tiiis covenant, whether in infancy or age, is monstrous; equally unfounded, in my opinion, is the notion also, that sin committed after baptism involves certain damnation, " When the wicked man ftifna/h nsrm i /V/im thf> mirL'PrftiPSS whir.fi /lP h/tfh committed, and doeth that which is lawful and tight, he shall save his soul alive." A blessing attends the faithful performance of every command of God ; and baptism is a com mand of God — and those who reject it, reject its attendant blessing. In laying siress upon the value of infant bap tism, or baptism at U riper age, I by no means attempt to lessen the necessity for spiritual bap tism; the heart mutt be regenerated by the spirit of God, and the soul must be sprinkled with the.blOod of the covenant lamb, ere it can become an heir of glory— but I cannot forego that which may be esteemed a lesser blessing, because a greater is vouchsafed. I would wish to enjoy both ; for both are necessary, or they rtOuld not have been instituted. To be Continued . I Manchester Poetry; with an Introductory Essay. By James Wheeler. lie that recalls the attention of mankind to any part of learning which time baa left behind it, may be truly said to advance the literature of his age. — Jouneon. A friend of Ours has kindly indulged us with a leading of the above named work. It is of Manchester' 'mririufaclure— some will doubtless smile at theassociatipnof Manchester with poetry. Tlte Editor says, in his Introductory Essay, " Perhaps of the Poetry of Manchester, until tfiose later years, little that is favourable could be. said. It .would seem as if, .in this respect, the atmosphere had imparted somewhat of its dujness to the imagination of those who inhaled it." To prove that this presumption is incorrect, let Manchester bards tell, in soil sweet numbers, how much the world lias been mistaken— Ye twinkling stars ! refulgent gems ! Which deck the diadem of night, . Form a new coronet for him Who gives you all your silver light. Rev. Dn. M'All. This poem, which the Rev. Doctor calls " The Stars." Droves verv clearly that the dense atmos- phere of. Manchester has not prevented the poet's fancy from soaring far above the reach of " noise and sinonk;" and the following verse, from apiece entitled "The Lost Brother," by William Mort, Esq., proves most satisfactorily that there is no thing in the dull thick air of Manchester inimical to the growth of the purest and holiest of Nature's best feelings — Tho clouds that flit o'er the sky so bright Soon, soon, have passed away, And the star that cltMreth the gloom of night lo gone ere the break of day. But thy brother— O think not, my love, that he Doth change lit;e the things of air ! The heaven of heavens no eye can see— Thy brother, thy brother is there 1 We regret that we have not space to quote, from the other productions of the Manchester poets, but we cannot omit the following extract — the " Pleasures of Religion," by the Ilev. Hugh Stowell : — Divioe religion I— by thy Sire's decree Respect of persons has ho place with thee ; Wit— beaming genius charmed the favoured few Th'y biesSinga fall Unstinted asthe dew ; No soul 60 vast but thou cabst overflow lint thbu canit elevate, no mind so low j Thy bounty freu as beams the lamp of day W hicli lights and gladdens with impartial ray The gorgeous palace, or the homely cell, The wide horizon, or lite narrow dcil. The peculiar interest of this volume can only be duly estimated by those whose affections are in a measure identified witii Manchester; many of the pieces have, in themselves, sufficient beauty and excellence to give them a respectable place in a collection of light poetry. The publication of this work will doubtless lie an incentive to many to call into activity their imaginative powers, which they would otherwise itave uselessly pos sessed. Mrs. Barbauld has immortalized Warrington, in her inimitable ode to " Warrington Academy." Liverpool boasts a Roscoe; and Manchester will, no doubt, produce some genius, whose talent shall confer as much honour on the intellectual capacities of the townsmen of Manchester as- her manufactures Itave upon their industry and me chanical ingenuity. 