To the PUBLISHER of the COLONIAL RECORD. SIB,— The insertion of the following extracts -will oblige A GLEANER. 1 Cor. xii. 8. " For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge bv the same spirit." It is not easy to conceive of any thing so striking and impressive, as a community of men thus remarkably en. dowed. We may entertain a general though not an adequate, idea of the spiritual glory which shone upon an assembly, where one member would pour forth, in strains of inspired eloquence, the profoundest view of the divine economy, aud would be succeeded by another, who, in the exercise of the gift of knowledge, would explain the mysteries of truth concealed under the Jewish dispensation; where one, known to be illiterate, would rise, and in a language which he bad never before studied, descant, without hesitation and without embarrassment, on the sublimest topics of revealed triith; and would be followed by another, who, in the capacity of an interpreter, would render into the vernacular tougue all that had been spoken; where one would heal the most inveterate diseases of tiie body with a word, and another discern by a glance the secrets of the mind, and disclose the hypocrisy which links under the veil of the most specious exterior. What seeming confusion and yet what real grandeur, must have attended such a sceue ? what were the disputations of the schools, tbe eloquence of the forum, or the martial pomp, the accumulated wealth, the literary renown of the Augustan age of the Roman Empire, to this extraordinary spectacle ? Yea, what was the gorgeous splendour of the temple of Solomon, in the zenith of its beauty, compared with this ? Here were the tokens and displays of a present though invisible Deity; a glory altogether unearthly and inimitable, and on that account the more remarkable. 2 Cor. xi. 11. " Wherefore! because I love you not? Godknowcth." The apostle thus endeavours to obviate an apparent suspicion, that his former conduct to the Corinthians, was unaffectionatc; his interrogation therefore impties, an affirmation to which he subjoins au assevcratio^^r an appeal to God. There is something in the nature of the affections eav tremely delicate: when their proper object is proposed, they advance with spontaneous avidity, but when they suffer an attempt to induce them to that which is incongenial, they linger, and betray every symptom of forced and unwilling obedience. Happy when properly directed. Happy when properly regulated. The effect of affection, is as conspicuous as its nature —it is a studious solicitude for the well being of its object, and nothing can more tumultuate the breast of the affectionate than au incapacity of conferring benefits upon the beloved. How superior the love of God, whose power runs parallel with his complacency! " Money answereth all things." Riches, in themselves, are no eviL Nor is the bare possession of them wrong. Nor is the desire to posses them sinful, provided that desire existetb under certain restrictions. For in almost every stage of civilization money is requisite to procure the conveniencies of life; to desire it therefore as the means of life, is as innocent as to live. In its higher application it may be made the instrument of great relative usefulness; to seek it then as the means of doing good, is not a vice but a virtue. The temptation arises of desiring it inordinately; of even desiring it for its own sake; supposing that the instrument of procuring so much good must itselfpossess intrinsic excellence. From observing that gold could procure for us whatever it touches, we are tempted to wish, like the fabled king, that whatever wc touch might be turned into gold." When distinctions exist, many evils will be sure to follow, as long as human nature is in an imperfect state. Talents, or tbe power of fixing attention and raising admiration, will be valued above virtue; and the more popular talents will occupy, in the estimate of ambition, a higher rank than those that are useful." Miracles were but the credentials of Christianity, but CHARITY is its essence; miracles but its witnesses, which, having ushered it into the world, and borne their testimony, retired for ever; but CUAIUTV is its very soul, which, when disencumbered of all that is earthly, shall ascend to its native—the paradise and the presence of the eternal God." We must possess domestic affections to render us good members of a family; wc must have the more extended principles of patriotism to render us good members of a state; and, for the same reason, we must possess universal benevolence, to render us good members of a system which comprises the whole human race." " Tile fruit of the spirit is love." Unless a man be born of the spirit he can do nothing that is spiritually good. Wc are by nature corrupt and unholy—destitute of all love to God—and till renewed by the Holy Ghost in the spirit of our mind, we can do nothing ever pleasing to God." If any man be in Christ be is a new creature; and the love of our species is a part of the new creature. Divine grace is as essentially necessary for the production and exercise of philantropby, as it is for piety; and the former is no less a part of religion than the latter. Love is the divine nature, the image of God, which is communicated to the soul of man by tbe renewing of the Holy Ghost." Man aspired to be as God; and from that fatal moment, his great quarrel with his Maker has been a determination to assert a state of independence altogether alien to liis nature and condition. The standard of revolt was then erected, and tbe history of all his subsequent conduct has been tbe history of an insane endeavour to construct an empire governed by laws, and replenished with resources independent of God. The idolatry, and sensuality, the unbelief, irreligion, and all the multiform sins of man, are resolvable into this proud and infernal attempt. " Having by his apostacy cut himself off from God, he effects to be a God to himself, to be his own sufficiency, his own first and last." 