To the Editor of the Adelaide Chronicle. Sir—The recent interesting announcement by the Manager of the South Australian Company, has deservedly found a place in the Colonial Gazette, and it is to be hoped that you and your talented contemporaries will extend its publicity. In little more than six months from the commencement of the undertaking, a capacious road to the Company's New Wharfs will have been formed, and one of the few impediments to the prosperity of the province effectually removed. The Company's Manager has not alluded to any probable reduction in the cost of carriage over the new line, under the present primitive mode of conveyance or otherwise ; but when a well formed road becomes available for all purposes, it is not difficult to foresee, that a change in the manner and price of transit will speedily obtain,as well of passengers as of merchan- dise But the best roads (commonly so called), will not bear any comparison with a moderately well adapted railroad, as a means of reducing the expence of conveyance, upon such a large scale as may be fairly anticipated in the present instance. It may well be said, that the advance of our colonial arrangements should not be accelerated beyond " good speed;" and there seems to be a disposition to await patiently enough for the " coming events which cast their shadows before;" but when it seems to be understood that the English estimates for the South Australian Railroad have been found so very defective, and the declared aggregate ex- pence so utterly insufficient, it is matter that respect, much beyond what has ever been contemplated (in similar undertak- ings) in the mother country. But there are some other circumstances of no weight if placed in the opposite scale. The best apology I can offer for these anonymous remarks, is an assurance of their disinterestedness. l am, Sir, Your obedient Servant, AN INTENDING SUBSCRIBER The following beautiful address delivered by the Rev. T.Q. Stow, on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the New Congregational Church, in Freeman St, we copy from the columns of our comtem porary the "Southern Australian:" CHRISTIAN FRIENDS & FELLOW COLONISTS--- Most appropriately are we occupied to- day, as early settlers in a new land. As colonists it is our proper business to lay foundations. Every day, and in everything we do, we are laying foundations. It is the occupation of our lives. In our very persons and in our families we are laying the foundation of future populatiou and nationality. On this sentiment poets have dilated and indulged ; but it has little charm for me, apart from religious considerations and religious hopes. We may however rejoice that we are called upon to extend the boundaries of the human family, not in an age, in which to extend those boundaries, was to extend the range of darkness and wretch- edness and crime ; in an age when to multiply human beings was to furnish new subjects of woe; new vassals to oppression, and new victims to despair ; in an age, when to encrease mankind, was to deepen the tones of that groan of distress, uttered by a creation travailing together even until now. We may rejoice that we are called to take this part, in an age of hope, and an age of pro- mise ; when vast meliorations have already passed upon society ; when great improvements are still going on ; when the light of science, of liberty, and more especially of religion, is fast travelling from land to land ; and when that calmer, brighter, purer, happier day, foreseen by the eye of God, and foretold by the lips of God, shall settle upon all nations. But, moreover, we are laying the foundations of support and competence, in our living stock and our agriculture; and as we listen to the bleating of our first flocks, and the lowings of our first herds, we may well raise our hearts in thankful admiration of the foresight and graciousness of that Providence, which for the last half century, has been, in the sister colonies, preparing for us those means of subsistence, of comfort and of future wealth. And as we gaze with delight upon the cultivated patches recovered from the wilderness, and exult over the mellowed crops, even now waiving heavily to the breeze, we may well praise the All Bountiful, who in these ends of the earth is mindful of his ancient promise, which is as vital, as germinant, and as fruitful as ever: "Summer and winter, seed time and harvest, shall continue to the end of the world." We are also laying the foundations of commerce. We are doing this with the mercantile respect- ability of our province, our opening ports, our projected piers and wharfs, and o r multiplying shipping. And we may well rejoice in these facilities and securities for convenience, for comfort and advancement; in these means of connection with all that is intelligent, great, or good, through- out the whole globe; and in these promises, not of aggression, convict, and conquest, but of fra- ternal interchange and reciprocal benefit with every nation of the earth. We are likewise laying the foundations of social order, and we are doing this broadly, on the wide basis of British law. Let us be thankful that we are not thrown upon these shores, a disorganized, confused,anarchical multitude, without the presence, the operation, and restraints of law, with all the attendant miseries of such a state; that we have guarantees for the safety of life and property, securities for liberty and right, redress of injuries and wrongs, as sure and as substantial as in our father land. We are laying the foundations of intelligence ; and for our purpose we have what, without vanity, we may venture to call, the largest aggregate of mind and science, inherent in our young commu- nity: our private libraries; those conservators of a nation's mind, our literary and scientific insti- tutions; our South Australian School Society; our private educational establishments, our do- mestic training; our periodical literature, wafted to our shores in every British vessel that enters our ports. It is pleasant thus to feel that we are not cut off from the world of mind; that we are not exiles and outcasts from the republic of letters, that we still hold conexion with the great kingdom of science; that the mental influences of Britain come upon us vital and fresh as if we were upon her shores. We are also laying the foundations of ecclesiastical polity ; and we may congratulate each other that we are not bound to build upon the antiquated rubbish of Papal Rome; nor do we choose that flinty, vitriolic, brittle material—state enactment in religious things. Nor are we better pleased with that modern expedient, for principle we dare not call it—State support to all sects and denomi- nations. This is a composition far too soft, and lubricious and deceptious for our purpose. Nor may we safely build upon that sandy, shifting, he- terogeneous mixture—mere popular choice, whe- ther in the civic or parochial form. We place for our foundation, the genuine freestone, cut from the quarry of divine salvation—the "willing mind" —the willing mind—the willing mind—sanction- ther prompted, guided, attempered, by the word and the spirit of the living God. Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Independents, Baptists, Wesleyans, all may dig at this quarry, and may raise upon this common foundation, though with diversified orders and dimensions, and with varied and perhaps un- equal taste and skill, yet may they raise goodly and convenient structures, the moral ornaments of the Province, and blessings to the isles of our southern seas, and even to the continents of the teem- ing east. But what is more important, and more pertinent to the present occasion.—we are laying the foundations of religion for our community. And for this purpose we take the book of God, unadul terated, the great guide of our faith and conduct, the standing ministry of a pure gospel ; the organ- isation of Christian Churches ; the observance of the Sabbath, and all the ordinances of the Christ ritual; the religious training of youth, with the zealous and benevolent efforts of Christians to spread the Gospel and benefit the souls of men. But we would not forget that foundations must be laid, more deep, more close than this. They must be hid personally, in every man's conscience, and every man's heart. We must each lay the foundation of repentance towards God, and of simple faith In Jesus Christ, as the only way of justifica- tion ; the love of God shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; an obe- dient principle, a holy taste, a spirit of devotion, gracious affections, goodly purposes, holy motives —these are the basis of piety in a people. To possess these qualities, is " to lay in a good foundation for the time to come." It is to be builded together an habitation of God through the spirit. It is to build upon " the foundations of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone." It is to build for eternity. It is to build our house, not on the sand but upon the rock;and when the floods shall come and the winds shall blow, and shall beat upon that house, it shall not fall, for it is built upon a roce, It shall last when all human things shall dissolvst when worlds shall crash, and systems fall. Amid the wreck and ruin of all earthly things it shar stand, the imperishable monument of the powe and grace and skill of that God that built it. Unless we lay this foundation, in vain is it that any others are laid. In vain is it that the social, the commercial, the intellectual bases are held, if religion be neglected. This is to give stability and grace, end and utility to them all. A people with- out piety is a people wretched; a nation without God, is a nation lost. Without Religion, better that we had never visited these shores -- better far that the untrodden solitudes of these fair portions of the earth had remained in their lonelines, than that they should be tenanted by a godless people, who shall degrade and pollute them by their views, their follies and their crimes. This it is which gives so much satisfaction to our present engagement. How full of interest the proceeding of this morning; related as it is to con- sequences vast, delightful and unbending! Mem- orable and auspicious hour! in which we lay the first stone for an edifice for God, an edifice for the Church, an edifice for souls! Here shall be pro- claimed " the glorious gospel of the blessed God." Here shall the praises and prayers of the church ascend to God. Here God shall fulfil his condes- cending promise to be with his assembled people and to manifest his glory. Here believers shall re- ceive gracious visitations—"seasons of refreshing from the presence of the Lord "—all chimerical and visionary to the worldling, but all reality and substance to those who have seen and tasted and handled of the word of life. Here the tears of the penitent shall flow— the hard heart shall break, and pour forth its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the burthened and agitated conscience shall find peace at the sight of the cross- Here many an aching, sorrowing spirit, shall be made to rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Here our families shall resort, and be train- ed for God, and for immortality. Here the youth of our City shall imbibe principles which shall be their guard against the vile and hateful corrup- tions of the world; and here the aged Christian shall bend his weary steps, and his faded eye shall be lighted up with the hopes of that " temple not made with hands, eternal in the heavens," which he is so soon to enter. Though we thus speak, it it is not in the spirit of vain boasting or self-con- fidence. We believe in God; we believe also in his son Jesus Christ ; we believe in the Holy Ghost: Hence we expect these things. The God of Heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build." 