ENOLISH EXTRACTS. The Steam Ship liverpool. This magnificent steamer was hauled out of dock into the.river ou Thursdny ?\veok, and lias, bech lying "in ibe,stream, ever'since: As-liér oütlít,jn r'ospictlo interior hccóniíiiod aljon, was'.not ii oar complete, 'she would not have hauled out bo soon: had it not boen ihattheigreát Leight of -the water on1 that day allowed laer to get through the gut witllóíit re- moving her paddle 'boxes, whicb,,.fruni lier great width, she would have hail to do, if she bdd.goneout at «dower tide. The Liverpool WM ;built by Messrs. Humble & Mulcrest, of this town, for Sir John Tobin, from whom she hasbecn .purchased by tho Transatlantic Steam ^Navigation Company, for the purpose of plying on the station between-this port and New ^ ork. Her burthen is 1,148 tons, out of which «be.has stowage for, 700:tons of goods. She,can, besides, darry -in her bunkers upwards of 450 tons of coal». JH er length is two Hun rdfed and thirty-three'feet, breadth ¿of,. beam fifty-six feet,- and depth of hold tivetity-one feet. She is fitted with two engines of 460 horso power. The dia- meter of her cylinders .is 75 inches, length of si roko 7 feot, and diameter of .paddie wheels 29' feet. > She bas two ijiatinct sets of boilera/wbich will 'enable tho engineers to rcgulalethè steam ia a superior manner, and lo keep up a pro» :por supply,' should any. of the boilers get out of order, or require examination. Tho engines of the Liverpool, we are informed, are ibelargestandmosi power- ful that bare ever yet boenrcompleted. They were manufactured by ¡Messrs. .forrester & Co., at the Vauxhall Foun- dry, under the superintendence of Mr. Campbell, the conductor of the works of >lbat establishment, .-.-' The interior fittings of the vessel are .in a stale,, of great_ forwardness,, as no .l.esjs_lban from .two. hundred an ti.fifty- to two hundred and seventy workmen have been employed on board during the last forUiigbt. Her after-cabin is a-1 on gan d pléàsàiï.t .^'partaient,, sufficiently lofty, -and lighted from above by three sky: lights, of ban'dsomo design, which add greatly to Uïo ' beautiful appearance, of .tho room. The décorations,, executed .by\\. M r. AV vH. G ore,, whose skill as an .ornamental painter is well known, will, ^hen completed, be tasteful and elegant, ïroni each side of the cabin diverge the stale rooms, which contain berths for 50 ^passengers. The doors of entrance to the state-rooms are painted in imitation -of satin wood, with elegant panelwork below, and, on the upper half, an oval insertion- of Venetian'rods, for the ad- mission of air and light; On each side .of the doors and in the compartments bpAw?Q»-. them aro elegant "pilasters, painted in imitation of porcelain, sur- mounted with richi fancy capitals of white and. gold, , The coiling ia of.un úonmioñly chas"to and elega t workman «bip, its appearance -being; in keeping With the rest of tile decorations. The state-rooms aro painted pink and white, .îm'd the batiging of the berths aro of ?w Iii to striped '"willi gold. The panels between ; the pilasters are exceedingly light- and elegant, presenting, ¿in orna- mental scroll of .gold, on-, a /ground of, light green. A massive sideboard, sur-1 Sùountçd by à "mirror, will bJ3.placed' rjSètwéentbe cabin door's. Opposite to this, in front of the rudder case, a clock will bo erected, of superb workmanship, surrounded with a gold ornament, of unique design. Tho cabin is.'to contain three -tables ; one, a long diningtablc, and two others- for miscellaneous uses.j ,On each side of these .will, bo ranged; ottomans and sofas. -The whole of the! -cabin furniture will be such as to con <luce as much as possible to the convo niençe and comfort of the passengers. To "the left of the cabin stairs is, the; ladies state-room, containing au appro priate number of berths. .?.?... The steward's pantry, which is on tho right of the cabio stairs, will be au ob jeçj, jof attra'cjiion io lihany, when the outfit it complete. It is furnished with «very requisite for luxyry'in a 'small compass, ft contains a wine- cooling room in which ninety dozen of, wine can bo placed. We may mention that there is on deck à copper ice-bbüse,. for .the' , preservation of the material; for cooling , tho wi.ne.^ 'j-he roof of the; pantry con-: tains compartments ; for three, hundred: and sixty -five 'wine glacses, and, on all Eides, there are recesses j lockers, &c.;,; . tor. decanter«,'tb'mblers, and ...other, ne-j cessaries. Keneaib the pantry is a! room in wliiclnhejte ward is to stow his -preserved meatB nnd other articles of 'luxury.; and "below, that is the wine, cellar, in which ibreo hundred dozen "of Wine; besides porter can be Stored. ' TJbtler the cabin is aápaciptis apartment' ior.passcngersMuggag'o.. ,At tho bottbni! 'of the cabin stairs a trap-doôr leads down a flight "of steps, tq..'a, rango of warm, cold, and shower:baths. j The fore cabin contains forty-eight berths, with several ispa'cious state- rooms, opening into each other for. the convenience of families. The decora- tions of this cabin are similar lo those of the after cabin, and the conveniences' "are of .precisely_tb¿ same dè'scriptjoùj Above it, on the deck, is the cigar divanj and bar, at which Jhe gentlemen may lounge, sip champagne, coffee, ,or.Jo-j inouade, or smoke, their.cigar::, as Jthe latter is not to -be permitted in tho cabins. "In fact there' will bo every thing that .can-be wanted, or "could; boj procured asuore. It will bo a complote floating hotel of the best description. ! On the deck behind the chimney, is ^ashippjinwithtwo^staJh for_Jbe cows} which will supply passengers willi milk ; and near' thebows aro boxes for slieepl .pigs,,&c;, from which a«upply of fresh 'weat will be continually obtained. The cooking apparatus is extensive, arid is filled up on'the b'ést "principle. The! stays, shrouds, and alf the rigging that .is fixed, or not intended tobe moveable; is of a new material; It is formed of "-wire rods-bound together with ' thrums! . It has the advantage of possessing great ialreng'th and/of not offc"rfng!áuy great resistance to the air. , In fact, jas every part of her accommodations and outfit are designed.and planned by, and exe« culed under the immediate inspection j of J. C. Shaw, Esq., tho Company's very talented and ofheiont Marino su- perintendent, every person acquainted with that gentleman's great experience and perseverance, will feel perfectly satisfied that this splendid .vessel will Ile most perfect in every department. Liverpool Chronicle, Oct. 13. Novel Cricket Match. - A somewhat novel match of cricket was played on Wednesday between two female parties (married and single), in a field in the rear of a newly erected public-house near Westend, kept by Mr. J. Vare. The playing commenced in right earnest at twelve o'clock, the married ladies going in first, scoring 22 runs ; the damsels then took the bat and scored 18\. The denies then went in again, and scored 27, making 49 ; the young ladies then went in and got 34, thus beating their opponents by three runs only. When the game was over they all sat down to a comfortable tea pro- vided by the landlady, and concluded the day's sport by a dance in the even- ing. - Scotchman, Oct. 16. A female who departed Ulis transitory life a few days ago, in the department of .the Orno, was 'duly conveyed, after the accustomed lapse qf time, to her last .home ; but as the burial ground was at some distance, the funeral procession 'reached just as night'was closing in. As soon as Ihe coffin was lowered into the grave several groans were distinctly heard frora-the bottom of the abyss, and the by-standers, under the impression 'that a living being was about to be in- terred, insisted upon opening the coffin. That oporation having been carried into effect, it was ascertained that all appre- hension of a premature interment was groundless, and the corpse was once more consigned io its " lowly bed," when the groans wore distinctly re peated. The majority of tho spectators flod in dismay ; but an old soldier, who feared neither .ghost nor devil, ulli mately succeeded in raiding two or three of the mott intrepid, with whom he descended into the grave, and there found a drunkard, who, it appears, had tumbled into the "yawningchasm," and fallon fast asleep. The living man was without loss oflime restored lo the upper regions, and the defunct to the bosom of tho,earth. The Ostler and the Counsellor-A Sceale in Court-'\ I call upon you," said the counsellor, " to stale distinctly upon what authority are you prepared to swear lo the mare's ago ?"-'* Upon mliat authority ?" said the ostler inter- rogatively,-" You are to reply, and not lo repeal the questions put to you."-" 1 doesn't consider a man's bound to answer a question afore he's time to turn it in his mind."-" Nothing can be-moro simple, Sir, than the question put. I again repeat it. Upon what authority do you swear to the animal's age ?" " The best authority," responded the witness gruffly. ** Then why such éva- sion ? W,hy not state, it at once?" Well, then, if you must have it--" Must ! J will ' have, it I" vociforated the counsellor, interrupting the witness. : 1 "Well, thon, if you must anil tctll have j it," rejoined 'the oller with imperturba- ble gravity, " why, then, Lhad it myself fr¿m the mare's own mouth." A simul- taneous burst of laughter rnqg through the Court. The Judge on the bench could with difficulty confine his risible muscles to judicial decorum-Captain Glascack's " Land-Sharks and Sea-\ Gulls." I Royal Botainc Society, Regent's! Park.-A Committee is now sitting daily, at No. 11, Parliament-street, for, the purpose of establishing Botanic Gardens ia the Regent's Park, upon a scale of unrivalled magnificence, and worthy of this great metropolis. The Society, indeed,; may .bo, said to be , already formed, through the auspices of several noblemen, gentlemen, and scientific individuals. Her Majesty at once graciously (Consented to become its patroness, the Duke of Richmond baa accepted the presidency, and the printed list of its Supportera présents 'an array of influential and scientific names. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests having consented to grant a lease of the inner circle of the park for this national undertaking, no time will be lost in laying out the grounds. It is but justice to mention the great exer- tions and interest which Lord Albe- marle has taken in promoting ihe ob- jects of the Society, and at great incon venienc e attending and presiding over the meetings of tbe Committee, amongst the active members of which we per- ceive the names of the Bishop of Nor- wich (President of the Linneean So- ciety), Sir Edward Kerrison, Bart. T. Wyse, Esq.. Colonel Rusbbrooko, M.P. the Hön. E. Wodehouse, M.P. and Messrs. Coutts and Co. The novel ty| of this Undertaking, consists.in the ar- rangement of the grounds, in imitation of gardens of different countries, with a classification of the plants indigenous to each, and adaptation of the archi- tectural embellishments to their respec- tive regions. Thus the Italian garden will bo laid out in terraces ornamented with fountains, statues, rases, and otbtr works of art. The Dutch garden, the American "garden, and the Oiiental garden, aro all shown on the'plan as conspicuous features. It is likewise intended to have a first rate botanic library and museum, and to establish professorships''qf Botany and Drawing; to give instructions and lectures during a portion pf the year. 'Public exhibi- tions of plants and flowers will be en- couraged, and a studio Will be esta- blished for those who aro desirous of copying the production of nature, and of applying them to the improvement of our arts and manufactures. This Society is about to be incorporated by Royal "charter, and is well worlhyTbe patro- nage of the public. The ladies seem! , likewise to be niuèh interested in the success of this institution, as amongst < the patronesses appear the names of the Duchess of Richmond, the Countess of Albemarle, Lady Wenlock, Lady Au trobuF, Mrs. Lawrcaco, &e;, 