üTif CDitvt*?* FRIDAY EVENING, AUGUST 23,1339. WE are happy to communicate the safe arrival of Lady Franklin, after a tedious voyage of three weeks from Sydney. Her Ladyship is in the enjoyment of excellent health. Her Ladyship has encountered no ordinary 'perils by land and by sea.' We live in the hope of reading, at no distant day, the opinions of Her Ladyship upon the sister colony. We are induced to entertain this hope the more, from the very excellent answer delivered by her Ladyship to the Port Phillip address, distinguished alike for its correct- ness of style and vigour of thought. There is no additional English Intelligence to that which we announced in the Courier of last week. . In fact, the paper which we received was several days later in date than " the despatches" of the Government, or than any other journal which reached this colony. To use the eloquent language of a contemporary journal, which seems to rpjoice over the enviable distinction of office sweepings, wo want no " hin <" of despatches. He may " carry the bag" if he like3. Our answer is, "non equidem invideo miror magis." It is a case of " sweets to the sweet." We could give him a hint now, to the effect, that His Excellency has received confidential des- patches from the Governor of the Cape, announc- ing the alarming progress of *' the measles." The Marquis of Normanby has approved of the plan of a Public School in this colony, with the exception, that he is of opinion the Head Master should not be a minister of religion. His Excellency had long since delegated the appoint- ment to Dr. Arnold, of Rugby. The salary is to be £500 a-yenr, and a suitable school-house is to be erected. It appears to be matter of debate whether the School is to be built in Hobart Town or the interior. Fudge ! This is indeed a sage matter of deliberation, with the extent of our population. What is the advantage of a Public School, except to establish it where it may be accessible to the majority ? By '* pushing it 'into the desert," to use a Presbyterian hyperbole, numbers of children must necessarily be de- barred of its advantages, who could otherwise attend it as day scholars, at a comparatively trifling expense. With reference to the present Board system of Education, we are not at all so sure ot its working well. Mr. Driscoll lias declined the proffered honour of a seat. The Government have the opportunity of rectifying the omission of a Catholic in the constitution of the Board, by the appointment of Mr. Hackett. But what is the use of representing sects and persuasions, when religion is not at all to enter into their delibera- tions ? Formerly, the plan was to flourish under the superintendence of the Board-now, it is hoped that it will succeed " under Divine Provi- dence." Wo perceive by a late Cape paper, that a plan of Education has been there adopted. It origi- nates with Sir John Herschel, and approaches as near as possible to the ¡deas which we have al- ready expressed upon this subject. we shall lay the plan before our readers next week. WE are told that the Distillers' Act is to be 1 forced through the Legislative Council, and our contemporary of the Review gravely informs us, that most of the unofficial members will vote for it, because the Chief Justice pronounces it legal. Allowing it to be so-which it is not, and never can be-is this a reason for the unofficial members of this colony supporting a measure tyrannous in its nature and unconstitutional in its principle? Is it because the Chief Justice gets up and tells them that it is lawful to break a compact, that therefore they must sanction the doctrine-that they must reverse what some politicians might consider a weakness in the character of Burke, in being, according to Gold- smith, . " Too fond of the right to pursue the expedient," and forgetting that which is right, follow only that which is wrong ? What security have the people of England, or lhe people of Ireland, against tlie caprice of a Monarch, except in the guaranteed freedom of the British Parliament, but above all in the independence of its mem- bers? Are we to presume that because Sir John Campbell gets up in his place, and declares that a measure odious in principle is yet lawful, that therefore the untrammelled members of the Commons will vote for it? Why, the office of hangman may be quite lawful, and yet people are ill-judged enough to have a prejudice against it. Informers, too, are persons privileged by the law-necessary evils as they are called in the state-but their encouragement has been seldom deemed worthy of a separate act; and yet, in effect, of such a nature is the Act in question. We are therefore unwilling to believe that any of the unofficial members of the Legislature are either so weak in head, or so wanting in principle, as to make such an absurd reason a rule of conduct. The Colonial Secretary, whom wo admit, with our veteran contemporary of the era of the Plan taganets, is a good man for a field-day, has, we arc sure, upon this occasion, " reckoned without his host." But if such be the case, the sooner an end is put to the Legislative Council the better. If a Bill of pains and penalties is to obtain the sanction and approval of those mem- bers of the Council who have already asserted their claim to independence of character, we must believe that some new light has broken in upon their mental optics-that a change has come over the spirit of their dreams-that in their solitude they have been exploring " the regions of poesy and prophecy," until their brains have become bewildered with the fantastic wreath of visions which they have wove. But we are not justified in assuming that which we are so unwilling to believe. So far, supposing the Act to be legal. Now we have averred, and aver that it is not; and we have the opinion of Mr. Justice Stephen, who is quite as good a lawyer as Sir John Pedder, in our support. But let us imagine it a nicely balanced case of opinion made to depend upon the decision of the law officers at home ; in what a position is the Executive of this colony placed in, acting upon the advice of one who holds -his seat in that Council by an uncertain tenure of a few months, having formerly been removed from it by order of the Secretary of State, and who has been restored to it by a simple error in the copying of the old commission which Sir G. Gipps kept in his pocket so long ? Why did Sir John Pedder leave the Council ? Is it very con- sistent with the high-mindedncss of which he is the boasted possessor, that after having been turned out, he should again quietly resume his seat, not only without a reason assigned for his restoration, but with doubts openly expressed, of the validity of the new Council ? Arc these doubts removed by time ? No ; on the contrary, they are confirmed by concurrent events. We j see that the Chief Justice of Ceylon has been removed from both the Executive and Le- gislative Councils-so also in one of the West India Islands; and are we to believe that Sir John Pedder is to form the exception to the rule which is now adopted at the Colonial office ? And the rule is a right one ; for it is monstrous to unite the Executive, Legislative, and Judicial functions in any single person. We believe Sir John Pedder is a most honourable man, esti- mable in all the relations of life ; but under all the circumstances of the case, we have but a poor opinion of his pride. Conscientiously, no doubt, he will discharge his threefold duties, but yet the union of them is so preposterous as to remind us of a "family compact" which Lord Abinger, when Sir James Scarlett, so ludicrously described one day in the Court of King's Bench. " First," he j laid, " as in the case of my client,' a person goes . i II um ? inMimar i II " - --- to a Mr. Davis, who is-a bill-discounter, to get a bill discounted. He gets part in money and part in wine-the wine he must purchase of another Mr. Davis, a brother of the gentleman I have named. The bill gets into the hands of the wine merchant, who passc3 it to another Mr. Davis, another brother of the family, who follows the occupation of an attorney. Woe waits the unfor- tunate man unless he pay the bill to the very hour it becomes due ; for should he fail, forth issues a writ with all imaginable speed, which is consigned -to whom do you think ?-to another Mr. Davis, a bailiff, the father of all these little Davis's, who tends him with evciy care at his house until the last act of the tragedy arrives, and the property of the debtor is to bo sold. And, lo 1 who is the auc- tioneer? Another Mr. Davis, gentlemen, who is another son of the bailiff. Now, I ask you, gentlemen, who can escape the united strength of such a family as that ?" With equal reason may we ask, what chance have the people of the colony, if a Chief Justice is to originate laws-to pass them through the Le- gislative Council-and finally sit in judgment upon them? And here is a disputed Act, and a disputed Executive Council, and yet the Govern- ment-with the foreknowledge that Sir John Ped- der was removed because of the bad apparent effect of such a conjunction of stars in a contracted sphere, and in the conviction that he holds his seat in consequence of an error-persist in forcing an Act through because he has pronounced it legal ! But shall the law be wrested from its authority in any such cause ? What is the first reason for putting down distillation ? The Revenue. That is, the Government will be benefitted by some £15,000 a-year, while £40,000 will be irrevocably lost to the colony-gone in the purchase of foreign spirits. Is this the respect due to " the granary'1 \- is this the encouragement afforded to our agri- culturists ? It was because the Revenue was sink- ing, and not in order to save the vitals of the colo- nists from premature consumption, that distillation was put down. The spirit was strong, but the flesh was not the less willing. It was the' " put money in thy pocket" principle which dictated its doom. And yet after all-after a great injury inflicted upon the grain- growers in this colony whatever we may hear of sugar and maize to the contrary-after the extinction of the trades of a few individuals, the people of this colony are, in grateful remembrance of all these favours, to turn round and sanction by their representatives an in- quisitorial law, with the view of debarring those men from the miserable meed of compensation tendered them by the Government ! And now, we would ask, what is the conduct of the Sydney Government with reference to the same question ? They propose to raibe the duty to an amount which the Distillers say is equiva- lent to its prohibition. They are heard indi- vidually, and by counsel, at the bar of the Legis- lative Council. Mr. Cooper, one of the most extensive amongst them-having sunk a capital of £100,000 in the business-openly confesses that he has violated the law, and even expresses ignorance of the high duties affixed to distillation from sugar. Does the Governor take advantage of the Government's own wrong, and order Mr. Cooper's confessions to be taken down ? The following is part of the Report, as con- tained in the Sydney Herald: You know that the duty on spirits distilled from sugar before last year was 10s 4d. ? No, 1 do not. I ifyou wuiro ¡gourant of that fact 1 tell it to you now Ah, but when you p.isscd this Act, your Excellency white i washed us, and it is not fair to go bach now. | You will not expose yourself to any peril; we arc not I keeping you here (or the purpose of making you criminate yourself; but as you carne volunturily betöre us to make objections to the Bill, you arc bound to answer such ques- tions as mny be asked of you. Spirits from sugar ought | to have paid 10s. 2Jil. per gallon duty, until we passed the Act at present in force; now we arc about to make the duty 7s. 9d., therefore will you not be better off than you were twelve months ago ? I cannot pay it. Mr. Cooper.-Don't your Excellency recollect that last year you said the distillers paid duties they had no right to do, and that they caine forward voluntarily and paid it like honest men ; so if wu did distil a little from sugar, let that go against it. The Governor.-I don't recollect saying that; what I said was, that the law was not sutilcicutly stringent to ena- ble us to compel the distillers to pay more than they liked. The Chief Justice suggests that 1 should ask you what, without any reference to your own interests, are your objections to the prohibition"? A.-I can't answer it with- out considering my own interest. Supposing that you were fully compensated for any loss you might incur, would you still object to the prohibition of distillation? A-A man can get drunk as well on imported ruin as he can on my rum, and I cannot see the difference, nor why distillation should be prohibited. If you would prohibit importation, 1 would give up distillation without asking for any compensation-you might set fire to the distillery ifyou pleased. What is the highsst price you can afford to give for good barley for distillation ? For good English barley about 4s. or 4s. (id. per bushel, but the barley of this country is very bad, indeed they have almost lost the seed. The agricul- turists are so cramped that they are disgusted. I never knew a man get on in this Colony who had only the plough for his living-it is the graxiers that make fortunes. What can you give for maize? About the same ; that is, if a little affair which 1 am trying succeeds, and 1 think it I will. What will the three Kings say to this? As well might Sir G. Gipps go back to the time before the Act spoken of was passed, as an act can be passed in this colony, with the faith of the Government pledged to grant equitable com- pensation, after the trade itself is extinct, em- powering a jury to go back for a period of three years, and judge of the effects of evidence raked up by diligent research from the refuse of a busi- ness long since gone-the sweepings of the dis- tillers' floor-and award or deny compensation according to their impression, either one way or the other. But Van Diemen's Land is a grain-growing country, and-Mr. Cooper's reasoning would only tell in favour of this colony. The Govern- ment of Sydney, tickled by the incense of Revenue, have not, in their excess of ratification, been carried away beyond all forms of reason. They have proceeded temperately and calmly to weigh the merits of the question ; but even to raise the duty to tho amount contemplated, with the view to the final prohibition of Distillation, will bo found a measure of very doubtful expe- diency. But here their occupation is gone_ gone to the injury of the agriculturists of this island- destroyed, not by what was called by Captain Montagu the stiletto system of excess of duty, but abandoned upon the pledged faith of the Government, recorded in an Act of Council; and yet after all this, we are to have the shades of the past evoked-we areto have an inquest on the remains, to ascertain whether Distillation has been strangled, or whether a jury can be induced, after the exertions of the Board, to bring in a verdict of felo de se. Ï he Government calculate on a gain to the Revenue of £¿0,000 a-ycar. What is the com- puted amount of the whole of the claims of the Distillers, according to the rate of compensation adopted by the Government? Answer us, ye three kings, not of Cologne, but Van Diemen's Land. But our friends of the Board will surely furnish us with their estimate of compensation according to the four shilling duty ; as we stated last week the compensation must, according to that rate, be estimated at the loss, not upon the gain, which has accrued to these gentlemen in the course of their occupations. But what then becomes of this famous Act ? This is a poser. We committed an error in stating that the two and threepenny duty was never exceeded. It was, but it was reduced, and this will only make the argument the stronger against the imposition of a four shilling rate as an equitable standard of compensation. Grain was not unusually high to call for the reduction ; but it was more than the Distillers could bear, and therefore it was reduced in the brief space of three months from the time of its infliction. But this was before compensation was thought of, which satisfactorily accounts for the incongruity. A very feeble attempt has been put forward in this day's Advertiser in reply to our remarks upon Mr. Offor's conduct at the Orphan Schools. There is a spirit of sober dulness about it-a grey gloaming of intellect, which argues strongly of the children of the mist. The attempt, such as it is is of precisely the same character as the Report . that is, by implication to charge the cruelty of Mr. Offor upon Mr. Naylor. But the evidence will be found in another part of our paper ; and although we are told by th'i3 scribe that too much weight has been attached to the evidence of Mr, M'Kay and Mr. Madden, the public will not feel at all disposed to " take the ghost's word," but can form their own conclusions from the substantial enumeration of facts which it contains. Is it not there stated; that Mr. Naylor had remonstrated with Mr. Offor, and desired that in no instance should the punishment exceed twelve lashes; and that Mr. Offor had said in the presence of Mr. M'Kay, "I know I displease Mr. Naylor by flog- ging, but I will flog?". The additional punish- ment ordered by Mr. Naylor was solitary confine- ment. Did Mr. Naylor know at the time, that one of these boys had received thirty-one lashes? We wonder it is not made a saving clause in favour of Mr. Offor, that they were able to walk to Mr. Naylor's house. But here we are told, as it ap. pears, with the desperate deliberation of italics that Mr. Offor has suffered, not for cruelty to the Orphans, but literally because he has been a father to them, and their unflinching protector. Now out upon this audacious pretence ! Unflinch- ing protector !-Yes, yes-the promiser of toys upon an emergency-the benevolent purveyor of marbles on extraordinary occasions ! We never have met with an extenuation which so puts shame to the blush, or so outrages common sense. Is it because Mr. Naylor behaved with consideration towards Mr. Offor-that he often overlooked the frailties of his temper and was content to remon- strate with him-to charge him that in no instance should a flogging exceed twelve lashes-that there- fore because Mr. Offor inflicted twenty-five and thirty- one, he stands acquitted of cruelty in the eyes of the world ? But Mr. Naylor found his authority entirely overlooked upon this and other matters-he found that Mr. Offor, not satisfied with open calumny, not content with confining his strictures to a newspaper, sought to undermine him-to poison the ear of the Colonial Secretary, and so stealthily proceed along with bated breath and whispering humbleness, until he could accom- plish his freedom from all responsibility-and at length convinced that all remonstrance was in vain-that consideration was construed into immu : nity, Mr. Naylor demanded his dismissal, when a Board was the answer. This is what is called by the Advertiser "a sense of wounded official consequence." Mr. Maddeii's subjoined statement only makes the matter worse. He says, " when I said the boys were sore, I did not mean that there was any appearance of wounds, or that the skin was broken." Will he swear that it was not? "When they were washing I saw red marks or stripes on them from the whipping they had received on the breech." The attempt is made to throw some doubt upon the testimony of Mr. M'Kay; but his character stands too high for such petty assault. But where is Mr. Offor ? HE HAS RESIGNED. In the letter which he wrote to the Courier, "this father" " this unflinching protector," deliberately stated that Mr. M'Kay had requested him to flog a boy for stealing some stores, and that he had refused to do so, adding in the spirit of that ruling passion which he did not even then forget, and with un- paralleled shamelessness, that he was not certain whether Mr. M'Kay did not deserve the flogging for having neglected to take better care of his stores. Now, upon investigation, the case stands thus, and it affords a beautiful instance of the character of this "unflinching protector:" A boy had cut a hole in the door where some stores were kept, and had taken out a carrot, which he was quietly perusing when discovered by Mr. Offor. He was placed in a conspicuous position in the School, with the carrot stuck in his mouth, and a carving knife in his right hand. This was scene the first, or a piece of moral training. Mr. Offor sent for Mr. M'Kay, and asked him whether he should flog the boy. Mr. M'Kay replied, no ; that he was quite satisfied with the exhibition he had witnessed. Now, what becomes of Mr. Offor and his deliberate statement ? He has resigned, and admitted before Mr. Ewing that the statement is not true. We have done with this " unflinching protector." If his family require that some provision be made for him, let it be where he can commit the least injury. If tempted again to allude to this subject, we shall demand his removal from the berth where he has been quietly bestowed. But just as we write two letters have been handed to us. A retractation was promised by Mr. Offor, in the presence of Mr. Ewing, and this is the retractation of the retractation. Queen's School, 23rd August, 1639. REVEREND SIR,-In reference to your observations on the paragraph inserted by me in the Courier, in which I stated " that the Purveyor deserved the flogging rather than the boy," I beg to assure you that I was actuated by no malicious motives, or by the most distant view of giving offence.-I am, Reverend ¡sir, your most obedient servant, JOHN OFFO«. Rev. T. J. Ewing, Head Master, Queen's School. Next read the letter of Mr. Ewing. Queen's Orphan School, 23rd August, 1839. DEAR SIR,-I have this moment received the accom- panying letter from Mr. Oflfbr,' in reference to the " paragraph in the Courier of Friday last." On Tuesday, Mr. OfTor promised you, in my presence, and in that of the Assistant Master, to retract that paragraph in this day's paper, to state his sorrow for having inserted it st al), but that at the time he wrote it his feelings were irritated, and he knew not esactly what he had wr'tf*°! &c.; I have no doubt the accompanying is the promised retraction, but I am sorry to se« it does not contain all that I had expected.-Believe me, your's very truly. THOMAS J. Ewiwo. P.S.-You are at perfect liberty to make what use you please of my note. Mr. W. A. AV Kay. Now, after this, we unhesitatingly say, that a Government which will place Mr. Offor in a public office after such reiterated proof* of un- exampled baseness, will act upon its peril. °° much for « the father" aud the " unflinching pro« tectorj" It is with unfeigned sorrow that we have to re U the death of MÍBB Maryanne Carter, dough f Mr. Carter of this town. It seems as if ef death could add confirmation to the. adage, fjt o Mfhom the gods love die young"-snatched 6 so goon as she was in the early bloom of t utc. She was accomplished beyond her years. n th¿ sweetness of her disposition was betrayed [ the mild expression of her countenance. Even death, it seemed as if she were " extinguished, \ir Dickenson, of the Audit Office, has been "Jointed in the room of Mr. Offor. MFCIIANICS' INSTITUTION. - Mr. Gilbert obertson will deliver his lecture "on Colo- ration in modern times," on Tuesday next, in ie Court of Requests' Room, at seven o'clock ?wisely. 