tbs of thbr Dan. DR. REID'S CONCERT.-We are happy to say, i that this Concert was well attended. The room in Castlereagh-street was so crowded, that the avenues t between the seats were filled with male slanders, Swho by the bye, obstructed the sight from the nrde and female occupiers of those seats which were be hind them ; and which standing was as unjust as it Swas UUiuWu tcous, antd we do consider it a sort of fraud on the sitters behind, that any persons (ex cept they be ladies), should be allowed to stand in the avenues. If they must be there, let fcrrms he 1provided, with a nuarrow passage for persons to pas.. There were two six-branch chandelier lamps I pendant from the ceiling; one over the orchestra, and one was pendant in front towards, but not reaching to the middle, of the. room. The oil hciing had, and no la:nldighters in co.stant attendance, the one towards the middle of the room threw no light on the visages of the singers who caune to the front; while the splendid lamp, pendant over the orchestra (but which was behind the singers when they ad vanced to the front), threw their faces into the shade; so strongly, that their features could not be distinguished. They might as well have worn ,i.asks, except during such short gleams of light, as the la1mp pendant in their front, threw on their faces, when revivilied for a minute or two now and then by some gallants near it, who naturally wished to ascertain what sex the figures in front of the ochestra were of; and whether ilain or handsome, young or old. This circtntntance, so offensive to the gaIl laniry of the audience, eoupl:d with the crowded avenues by tumale stuiders between 5i1 and 6( feet high (iwithout their hats), was a great drawback on the comfort of this concert. Nevertheless, ? e nc knowledge it was got up with lihherality, and bore evidence of an inlentica to do the audience justice. , as well as the olbject fur whose benefit Dr. Reid gave the concert. But the room was opposed to all good itlenllons. The Governor arrived, c., a pri vate gentlemanl a little after the concert colel:.nen* d. '-Tickets of occuattion had ibeen laid on the chairs which occupied the first three or four rews of seats ill the front of the Orchestra, but tino servants (n:ul we should question their right of occupying if they hal bieen prcsent) were in attendance to maintain po?s?st sion. The first row, and even the second, John bull would, out of his instinctive loyalty, have allowed to be kept for the Governor, the Judges, and the llishop, and other families; hut "the force lof loy ally, would no further go." John Bull is an inds cribable fellow; foreigners canntot understand hi:n; and no wonder, for he hardly understands himisrf. But all men may understand this of John ; to wit: that with an instinctive obedience to the Queen, and those just near her Mlajesty's person, he delitghts ii treating with a rude and blustering contempt the second best. John will bend to the ground to the i Queen, and the Judges, and tile Bishop; but after Sthat, lie becomes rather churlish. Buil is a mlnt I arehical denmocratial churl. lie delights in the vulgar aristocracy of the pturse. " Mrl money's as good as yours !" is his relly to all who come after the Queen, the Judges, and the Bishop; nothingi gives John a greater occasion to chuckle, than to perch himself, his wife, and his daughters, just he hind the Queen, the Judges, and the Bishop. All the rest of " Her Majesty's Govennment" lie hlld/ as "leather and lrunella." Therefore we applrote, itas being highly prudential with regarid to hBull's vil gar but unconquerable prejudices, the leaving no chairs to he occupied by tickets, but leaving emnptj space for a season before the orchestra, and bringing 'the said chairs (as Dr. Reid's lannugers did) to the front of the Orchestra, when Bull and his lar'ge family have got comfortably seated on all the forms. TnEA.rR..-On Monday night, the new dramns of " JANE LOMA.tX ; or, a MrOTIER'S CRIME," was performed for the first time. It is altogether an in teresting-drama ; but the climax conies too graduiily on the audttience ; they are in fact too well prepared for the dcatouement, and the iillusiun at the fall of the curtain is consequently greatly abated. With this exception the piece is one of the best of the kitl, and the moral is adlirable. The characters werce rustnaied in a very ordinary manner, with the ex reptiou of Miss Winstanley as Junie Loma.r. Tu?::ee was a carelessness thoughiout which tias highlyh hlaticnble, bit\hichl is too custoliary at the Victr:ria. Why does Mr. Knowles talk over his part' in : urh a rapid manner as if lhe were speaking fin a wager, or afraid that any one would steel the words firom his mouth ? Mrs. Taylor as Afrs. jntrall, overdid her part, her bye-play was unlady like, not to say vulgar. She should study the nice distinctioni between being laughed tillh and laughed at. Mr. Sirnes as Simon SopraIt, had the same fitlt. The whole corps draaialique we woutl recommend to become more economical in their use of rouge, pearl-powd:'r, and burnt cork. There is io occasion they should make Sicaratrr ovte/thes of themsclsels. Mrs. Cameron, as Simike (in Nicholas Nicklcliy) painted is if she were performing the ghost of a starved miller just emerged from his flour-lnill, Mucu .ADo AIOtUri NOTriINgr.-An assault which created a " seusation" in the Police Court, came on a few days ago. A youth, aged sixs years, cnamed Dennis Downs, was brought up before their worships charged with al asasult upon the person of Master McIntyre, also of the full age of six years. It ap peared that Master Downs had lost a hoop the morning before, which hoop he found about twelve o'clock in the possession of lIaster M'Intyre, andl which he demanded Master M1'Intyre to refutld, this reasonable request Maslter M'lntyre, who seemed to think that possession was ninte points of the law refused to comply with; upon which Master Downs "took him" (to use Master D.'s own wordls) "a punch on the eye." On receiving the sinlie, Master McIntyre returned the compliment, by giving Master Downes a punch on the nose. They kept p?unehing for some time, till Master Maci. was colm pletely punched under. Then his fond Mama rushed forward, and accused Master Downs' Maina, of encouraging her " blackguard ,ony" to heat her " darling chilli." Mea'ter Downs' Manma retaliated, a war of female words enstued, and the eontquelcn:ce of this was, that Master Downs was slmrmro,c;ld to appear ibe.ire their WVorships, and lIai/er M;.,r. :ci::g .wvorn (! ) corroborated the staterment. This ca(.e Ileintg of a stolerni nature, w:t, s r,'anlldted for lirrthitr evildence. blaster DIeiJds Diowns iwasi afterwarls fined in the enormous sum of .?1, withl an adtnii.i tion fromn the Bench. A meeting of the mnembers of the " Atstral.n Licensed Vtcttuallers' Pociety," took pl see ycs.crday afternoon, at 1h'. Ciunin3ihiasn'st, Buench of iGr'1p,'s King-street, Mr. H. F. O'Dounell in the chlaier, wlei a Pettition to the Governor and li.ihi Lislai is' Council, prayiig for an amendment of the licensing laws now in force, was adopted, and ;idgnedl by the itemhers present. As soon as the IPeition i.i signi;'d by all the Members of the Sociuety. it is to be stli Initted to the Governor mil Council. IJtlion.iTrox COMM1TTE.r ~E.---hI'at is this Cotm mitte abhout ? It was appointed early in the prc sent Session, yet we hear niothing of its labours, and we believeo tlhey have niot yet ciommencetd. We hope the Council will not ipermit a siubject of sulch vital implortance to the colony as Itumirati on is, to lic overtill the end of the Session, wlcni it will be imposdible that full justice cun be ldon: to it. It is admlitted upon all Ihandtls thant the present system of conductint" inmii;eatiot, is rnmst fialty, and that we are in fa:t ithrowing aicay one half of the monley now expended in introducing the Immei grantis briugit by: the Gorecrnmentt, thus entailing a ljsi to the ctilojy at the rate of ahilut 50,00,01. per annum ! ! It this hie not a fit subject fir im medict a cairpdiry and anmendmcnt, wcknuow notwhat is.-Colon ist. CORONER'S INQUEST. - An Inquest was held on Monday last, at the Saint Andrew's Tavern, corner of Castlereagh and Liverpool-streets, on the body of Alexander Hogan, a vendor of fish-upwards of seventy years of age, who died suddenly at his residence in the last named street, on the previous morning. Constable McIn- tyre saw the deceased between nine aud ten o'clock on Saturday evening, standing inside the paling be- fore the house at which he lodged. Thinking he was in a state of intoxication, McIntyre conveyed him into the house, and he was immediately put to bed, it being first ascertained that he was sober. He was found dead in his bed at three o'clock on Sunday morning. Dr. Gillespie examined the body and certified, that the deceased met his death from natural causes. Verdict-Died by the visitation of God. Anotlher Inquest was convened, the samne div, at the Napolenu Int, Darling HIiarbour, ou tie iodyl of John Taylor, coopar's mate on board the whalert JaneEliza, lying oef Botts's Wharf, which wan thund floating near that spot on Sulnully tlornilig. Th le ticcsel had ibeen aslhore on Satutrday, andt when returnuitg on hoard itt the evening, ti:isi, l his fouling off thie wharf--t'cll into the wster anmd ,c:, drolwned. Dr. S;avage exa.mined the ho.ly, antl ori titled that the dccnsed c:lne to his diuth by 1 ta: c-atiol fi'ounl drowuing. Tlthere were nn mInst of violence on the boidy. Verdiet-AcAidnt'Lal ilth..i Mr. Deane, we understand, is about to give musical Sirea weekly at the Mechanics' School of Arts. The first will take place on Tuesday-the nett proceeds of which he intends to hand over to the Committee for relieving the poor. At Mr. Armstrong's sale on Tuesday last, of the late Mr. E. Terry's stock of horses, the following extraordinary large prices were realised :-Brood \- Mares, front .50 to £76; Fillies, two and three years old, ..'30 to £.40; Colts, two years, £25 to A £3 ; Yearlings, Colts and Fillies, .l1s to £20. SSALE AT 1in. SMART'S ON ?EDNESDAY LAST' 383 bags Table Rice, at 2-d.; 1000 bags Table Rice, at 2±d. per it; 2040 bags Table Iire, at 2d. 9-1G; IS leaguers 14 half leaguers Arrack, at 3.. 2d. per gallon. About 500 bushels Rice, da ranged slightly, at lid. per lb. The Rice sold by Mr Simmons yesterday, realised the fiollowing prices:-800 bags at 22d--850 at t2d -and 900 at 2ld. A man named Mullins, who has been sawing in the neiclhbour hood of Brisbane Water, was appre hended by the assistant Chief Constable on Wed nceday night, on suspicion of having conunitted a murder. The only evidence of the man's guilt is his own confessian. Tile Roaan.-It is in the contemplation of Government to appoint an efficient practical Engi. neer to Major Barney's department, whose duty it will be to visit the road gangs in the interior, whilst Major B. finds it impossible to give his personal attendance to it, in consequence of the multiplicity of his official duties in town. The system of military superintendence is also to be either modi. fled considerably or entirely abolished forthwith; former experimenets having proved failures. HAIL.-One of the watermen shewed us, on Wednesday morning, a large ball of congealed hail, which he had collected from the corners of his boat. The night before, it was unusually cold, and some of the severest hail showers fell that we have wit nessed it Sydney for some years. STATE. or rn. GAOLS.-On Monday, the Attor ney-General went through the tnlend.tr. He stated, that the country ganols were now clearer than they had ever beau for some time, but there was still a great tn'iCher of prisoners in the gaol of Sydney for trial tat the Quarter Sessions. Mr. Julstice Willis said, he had visited the gaol lately, nail ihe fioud the floors upon which the prisoncrs slept, in a very adst state. The Attorney-(eneral said, that lie hlieved every thing was clone by Mr. Keck, to r,'!.:;iaie the conditon of the confines in the gaol. as g.sr as related to his means. Mr. Justice Willis saidl, he would wish to see something tmore done to improve their condition, for at present it was very avretehr.c. (His Honor might have ul.led " antl most disgraceful to a government calling itsell Chri.tian."-En.) CowlcT DtracePLsaw .-By n recent order from the Homo Government, Convictsare in futiu.e to be I retained six months in the Government works before they are as.signed off to private service. The gang emprloyed on the new Circular Quay, are the first who ha've been retained in accordance with this or der. (A meuat absurd order, andl s?hws the folly of a Governmt:nt 1G000 miles off, intecrfering with the Governor in the details of the duty. If iTr. Stephen had ordered the Governor to work or assig-n newly arrived Convicts, during the first six months, at a dliatanes tiout bydncy, of not less than 100 miles, so that aftCerards they might never have a chance of sesilng it at nll, and making acquaintnuce with the nests nod rookeries of male and female thieving, gambling, tnd prostitution, so rife among our back slums, and in our back lanes, there would have beet some sense in the order.-ED) Execution.-Finney, the murderer of his wife, suffered the extreme penalty of the law on Tuesday last. IIn displayed the same heartless apathy to tihe awfulness of his sitnntion, as he did at the dock when the details of his brutality were tmade the shtb ject of animadversion by the Judge in passing on him the sentence of death. Iown (the constahtl), convicted of the murder of his father-itn-law, was to htave suffered alto ; but was reprieved at the foot oi the scalffld. (This should have. appeared in cur Wednesd::y' number.-En.) A lad of 13 years of age, the son of an immigrant quarryman in the employ of Mr. Bourne, of \Vil son's Wharf, Darling Iarbor, met with an accident on Monday last, which hand well-nigh been proidue tive of serious consequences. The lad was amusing himiself Iy placing his extended hand on the stra of a tIrnting- lathe, the wheel of which was bein ; turned l,v an old blind man, when the two middle fingers ' it cune entangledt with the wheels of the inachinery, and were lacerated to the first jo:nt of cach, trfore the old matn tur.ling the wheel could be apprised of the fact. H-ad the lithe been turned by tinr?es of t:eann apparatus, the whole of the hand, :r;til ,crhapls the arme, tmust have Ibeen torn o,T be fore any aitcak could have heen given to the pro g as'so. th"l nmachine. The sufferer was conveyed to "llr. Campbell's surgery, opposite the Police office, wlutre anaputation to the first joint of each titnger was skilfully performed. The youth is in a fair way of recovery. The rains with which the town of Sydney has been recently visited, caused that portion of the roads which are sunstalled, to be nearly impnase.ble for fa, at-ntasengers. But ini no part of Sydney was this pubsic intmnetnienc.e more observahle titan in t lie s;r"'icly half-formed roads of the " Rocks." On Motonday morning last, when the rest of the roads of this rietropolis were comparatively dry, the fmne ral of a respectable inbhaitant thad to pass along that portion ot Cumberland-street, extending from Esscx-l:mic, Gloucester-street, to the Churclh Hill, andl it was pitiableto witness the ankwnrd dilemma in which tlhe mourners were placed, wht hadil either to wade an:le-sdeep through the mire, or waive funereal l.roprio.ty. There are sevteral portions of tile Sydney hilm ia which loudly call for iun edliate rcpair, anal it is to be devontlty hoped that to this call, the catssr'nt nuthtorities will promptly and r feiently re.;ss:l. T''he footpaths or pavement lately con ttrwt"'t , have not been levelkld with. an inclination tr dt.eme:it fttom the hatoes to the st.reot, which c:nss~ the water to rest on them. This is particu lairly the case with the Northern side of Park-street, which is very often anle-deep in a viscous clay. M,. Pr.cx.-This Gentleman established his charate.r as a violinist at Dr. il.id'a Conc,'t on 'Wed:isda..y. Of corse the audience had to enduret' tlc. ,s:udl quantity of poin, while he comupcledl the in:-rstuecr.t tio produce whit its real nmt.si'ecalcpacity rinsi:-rs dliscn:'ldant, and which is a mern proof of the irtunipltsar skill of thie pIerformer (just like the asirisitner.s of the joggler in tossing his cups and balls); bUt along withll this, the company tasted of the plneasirt a of real melodly ever and anon, in the swIrctness of the tones Mr Peck caused his instru itInt to emit. There was one note whicl we never theard bs.fore proceed fron a violin. It resembled thr- higher snte of an e.quaisitely played flagoolet, only something more reedy. Nr.w AanItvAs.-Almost every ship that arrives iFves us fresh instances of the tlhosghtlcss conduct os" yonng min on first landingin this Colony. One awoull nahtrally imigine that their thoughts on such an occasion would be tiuctured with forethought, craing as they do to a land of strnagers, and hayv in:t stew connexions to form-in fact, hasing the wa. l t, begi,. Butt most arrivals give us instances oi young men aInying claim to respectability, indulg isg in foolish not to say vicious conduct. On 'Vsdntiesulay night last, we observedl about half'an tidozen well-dressed young men, wheoma we recognized as haiving arrived by one of the last ships from Lon dlon, walking along George-street, and behavisg themselv'es in a disgracfal mnnner; they were ine ri:tced and annoyed eve'y person that passed with thieir oths. Thesea young men are miistuken if they tsupliose the people of Sydney pass by such conduct lightly; let them be assured that if they lose their chatl ..u.ters, they will find it a difficult matter to re establish them. The practice of bringing fire.srmsloaded itlo the Stlpreme Court, and parading them on the desk, i., hihdlly reprcheunsile, and has been complained of miore than once by their Hononrs the Judges. Yes. t,-r'day, on a trial, a brace oflonded pistols; fortified with percussion xcaps, were placed on the table, antid ip:n its behing complained of as being lan sero'a's, t:h'e Croen Prosecutor examined one, and holding it with the muzzle pohnted at the leanetd Jttidge, made l.hi Iupleauireable anacnmeomntmt to His Houour, that it was loaded up to the matizle ! It has often been rcemartlt?d as providentially, that some serious ec eldent has not happend in the Court, from the ca,'lcest manner in which fire.arms are constantly 5 Ihror,;:h thera nud tossed about; but, as Jacob Failthf:a sayr, "itetter luck noxt time," and some dlay thL arc may e a s ctn.:.c!' sithllcr on the \besnh, or i. the r.-l'teu's bot.e-Astraliaus 