PORT PHILLIF The following are extracts from the Mel bourne Journals to the 11th ultimo inclusive: A Meeting had been held at Melbourne, for the purpose of raising a sufficient sum for the purchase of a suitable present to Captain Lonsdale, the Police Magistrate, and late Act ing Governor, as a testimonial of their regard. The Patriot says : — We have had to find fault with the measures pursued by this gentleman, but, at the same time, we, in common with all parties who have 'had to meet him, concede to him the meed of courteousness and affability, and that he has, as far as lay in his power, advanced the inte rests of the people of this place. Labouring at the oar of public business, like a, very slave, conducting the business of the various depart ments of Lieutenant Governor, Police Magis trate- Colonial Treasurer, Superintendent of | Roads. Streets, &c.; &c.;, doing all this for the I pitiful sum of £300 per annum. Is not this a I disgrace to the Sydney Authorities? Yes., and 1 although part of the labours of Captain Lons dale are now. removed from his shoulders, yet we do maintain, that the Government are deeply in this gentleman's debt, and we trust it will, in some measure,' reward him for his past services. On Saturday the 9th instant, in the presence of a highly respectable assembly, the founda tion stone of the "first Episcopalian Church in Australia Felix, was laid by his Honor, Charles Joseph La Trobe, Esq., the Superintendent of" t he district of Port Phillip. The order of the ceremony was as follows: — After singing in the usual place of worship, the 100th Psalm, the Rev J. C. Grylls, the chaplain, read two Collects, taken from the Communion Service, and also, as a. -lesson suited to the occasion, the first chapter of the Prophecy of ffaggai. The . congregation then proceeded to the adjoining ground, where His Honor read the dedicatory i inscription '(a copy of which, written on parch- 1 ment, was inclosed in a bottle and deposited : in a cavity of the stone), then, as usual on such ; occasions, taking a mallet and striking the stone three times, said, " To the glory of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy ; Ghost, I lay this Stone." A suitable prayer was then read by the chaplain, and the cere mony concluded with the Doxology and Bene- ; diction. - . i An ill-favoured man, supposed to be the no torious bushranger and horse- stealer, Kangaroo . Jack, of whose proceedings we gave some ac count in a paragraph copied from a Sydney journal, in our last, has been apprehended, and is now kept in custody , under very sus picious circumstances. On Thursday last the Chief Constable called in at Mr. Say's shop, in Collins-street, and said, who is that carpenter you have got working in your yard — 1 think ' it is Kangaroo Jack? That man, replied Say, is an emigrant whom I have only lately hired; Kangaroo Jack is living at Fleming's. At Fleming's is he ? Mr. Wright walked over the way, seized the man pointed out to him, and handcuffed him. On examination at the Po lice Office, it was found, that the prisoner on his arrival here, twenty months ago, had in troduced himself to Mrs. Jennings as Kangaroo Jack; this fact was rendered remarkable, be cause Mrs. Jennings was only able to recollect him by this appellation, for it appeared, thai when -a child, she remembered such a person having been the companion of her brother. Mr. Say also deposed -to having known the prisoner upon his earliest arrival, and that he? then went under the some nickname. A third person of the name of Smith asserted that he had been a fellow passenger with the prisoner, from Hobart Town to this port, arid that he always knew him by the name of Kangaroo , Jack. The most suspicious circumstance, however, against the man is, that when put upon his defence, he positively denied ever having known either Mrs. Jennings, or Mr. Say, in the way described. It was discovered also, that by his certificate of freedom, his name is Staines, whereas he has been working for Mr. Witton under the name of Roe. All these circumstances taken into consideration, induced the magistrates tq commit him to cus tody until the arrival oftwo persons who have been in search of Kangaroo Jack, shall be able to decide as to his identity. The difficulty of obtaining land here, has in most instances pressed unfairly upon the set tlers, by excluding them from the chance of purchasing ground; au object which is gene rally of the greatest importance with newly arrived settlers. It lias however, proved of considerable benefit to the district, insomuch as fn. the present scarcity, lit has compelled the' settlers to cultivate at their several stations. Thus, the wool growers have also become agri- , culturists; this has given them a fresh lien upon the gratitude of all other classes of the community, and is another reason why some, thing should be done by government, to reward their exertions. The iVilliiam. Metcalf on her arrival at Port Phillip, from England, 'arid having discharged- her emigrants, will cdme on to Sydney. 