PROCLAMATION TO THE PEOPLE OF CANTON PROVINCE. (Translated by Mr. Thom). Tang, a president of the Military Board, an imperial censor of the right, governor of Kwangtung and Kwangse, with authority to super- intend the collection of the revenue, &c.; and E. a comptroller of the Military Board, an imperial sub- censor of the right, Fooyuen of Kwangtung pro- vince, and a military [?], with authority to superintend the collection of the revenue, &c.; con- jointly issue this proclamation, in order with the utmost kindness io instruct and enlighten the people under their care. Whereas the opening of an opium shop, as well as the selling of opium, is now prohibited by the sternest laws and punished with the heaviest penal- ties; but the lawless people who deal therein aim only after profit, and take no heed of their real interests: they act up n the idea that they may not speedily be taken, and thus sport with danger on the "torrents' verge:" therefore it is that the smug- gling of opium has now come to be regarded as a mere thing of course. But ye must all know, that where a man clan- destinely takes the property of his parent to carry on a prohibited trade where he is obliged to put out and draw in his head like a rat in his hole, where he requires to stalk about like a midnight ghost; granting that even he may not be breaking any written law, yet is he doing that which it be- comes not a man to do. And now again it appears that Hwang Tseotsze, minister of the Hungloo temple* has brought for ward a motion that all who smoke opium shall be punished with death! He has already made his report to the emperor, and the imperial command has been received, enjoining the governors and lieutenant governors of every province to consult together, and wait upon the emperor with the re- sults of their deliberations in so many duly prepared memorials. This has also been done; and though in the multitude of these memorials there may be some small (differences of opinion, yet are they all alike in the main; this one only adds a clause still more severe to that one; and he in his turn pro- poses a still heavier punishment than his neighbour, among them there are no advocates for lenient measures. Now «gam the imperial will has been received commanding the prime mm sters of state, and the high officers of tlie military courts to consult along with the members of the board of punishments, and let him, the emperor be informed of the result 1 bus m the course of a few days, w II th law on that point be established for the being duly put in furce, and so soon as the yellow resciii t arrives, all who violate it sh ill, by thal same new law be tried and condemned ' Mest luminous ana1 intelligent are the woids of the emperor 1 W here is the man sa rash as to opp se ' J1 s for those who open opium shops and sell opium, profit is out of the question, destruction is already at their door' 1 heir wealth will be utter y «pent an 1 their thread ol life clipped at the same moment of t me ' We, the governor and lieutenaut governor, truly feel for you the utmost alarm and pity! liy and reflect for a moment. Ve aie all if you sons of duna and your wealth is the substance of the central lan I ' Mut je are now taking the substance of your native country, and giviog it away lo foreigners from abroad, and ye, sons of China are lo ing your property and your lives at the same instant ' It was your wealth, but now foreigners possess it, and your very lives the foreigners are now ab mt to deprive you of I 1 his is the first reflection , anti still to be luped and befooled by these fo eigners and induced by them to carry on tnis trade Oh I monstrous folly I Oh stupidity unparalleled 1 Ye aim after profit but to make profit is impossible , ye try to preserve jour lives, but even to do that is equal!) difficult Ve take your money and pur eli ase death. Oh ! what a losing account ! I his is another reflect on Aid with such consequences sta log you in the face, to pursue this trade and bring upon jouiselves ruin and destruction is not tins still more doltish thaa betöre 1 Every item be speaks the height of folly. We, lhe governor anil lieutenant governor earnestly »isli to pluck 5ou from the jaws of death, awl yet, such is your folly, that we aie not able I vVe therefore again issue this clear and distinct edict with the utmost tenderness lind compassion , that all the comn on people and military under our care may thoroughly know and understand Ye mu«t every one of you who deal 10 opium speedily awake to a sense ot your danger, and cleanse your- selves of your previous crime. Let each man exert himself to save Ins propeity anil his'life" and follow after some better means of ivehhood As for those who smoke the drug after not many dajs the death inflicting period will be at baud. Do ye also arouse yourselves, and cet rid of the evil habit without delay, and thus save your lives, now within a hairs breadth of the gulf of iles rut non. ; * The office of a minister of the Hungloo temple is to pats what another person says to the emperor's ear-very much like a chueu kung in the magis- trate's courts, As we. the governor,and lieutenant.governor, have despatched civil and military officers in eve y direction to seize and apprehend let no men who follows after this unlawful traffic indulge in the dream that he may be able to escape the cruel d ah that is even now suspended ove him. Let all tremble and obey. A special proclamation Given at our. Courts the 18th year of Taoukwang, 10th moon, 30th day (16th Dec 1838). TEA. -There has,been less enquiry for black teas during the week, and the teamen seem nclined to give way a little for some of the chops of congo that remain. The Governor' has obtained, from the Canton Rgister Office, 800 translated copies of his late proclamation to foreigners, interdicting the trade in opium, and is circulating them, through the me- dium of the Co-hong, to all foreigners, and to all vessels on the vessels on the coast, and at Hong Kong. . ° 