Original Correspondence. ZO03_i__7HV. NO. XXIX. To the Editor of the Sydney Gazette. a ( Sin, Roman Catholic Priests tell us that there are one hundred and fifty millions t of Roman Catholics, and seem to conclude from that, that their religion is the true religion of Christ; but if numbers be a proof of the truth, I can number one hundred and fifty millions of professed heathens. Will they be at all convinced by that, that the worship of heathens is the true religion ; or that the doctrines of the heathen are true doc times? They tell us their doctrines and worship are the same from the days of the Apostles to this day ; but a more sense prudent and palpable falsehood never was uttered a falsehood proved by the whole course of Ecclesiastical history, and by comparing the writings of the fathers of their Church from the first to the last. Yet they continue with the greatest insolence to affront Protestants, with the assertions of the most palpable falsehoods. They are repeatedly saying that we insult them by asserting the truth ; but no man ought to be affronted by the disclosure of religious truth. They say that we excite disunion by teaching doctrines contrary to theirs. Woe to our souls if we do not teach the truth. " The greatest harmony prevailed' says a pamphlet before me: " strengths -RomairCatliolics-andhProj testants," untilàcèrtàin clergyman come precedes course of lectures denouncing Catholics as idolaters. Yet they are very I' 1 . of 1 J MJll'v (I 2' 3 a '*/ gi*oSsíidolaters. He calls Popeffancient Christianity though it has been won ed to be-aoni^iaialively modern. They say the¿.objectíon¿of Protestants to their rest glory Above often been refuted ; yet they Lover's here refuted, though great pains have been taken by men of great abilities among' them, to raise dust to blind the eyes of the ignorant, and to prejudice them against the truth. They know that; bold assertion, and the assumption of authoritative language, among theigno plant, are the best methods of increasing the Pope's power and their own ; but I true Protestants wish to promote the au- - thority of Christ. A Hue Pro testant' clergyman knows as well how to promote the authority of the Peoples, of the Apostles, and of Christ ; as Roman Catholic Clergymen know how Jo advance the power of air Italians Princc,'i-ànd"by, degrees to enslave free nations. Roman Catholic Clergymen are the servants of the Pope of Rome, true Protestants are the best wants and disciples of £1 he Lord Jesus Christ. Religious harmony, indeed! between Protestants, and, Roman: Catholics? No; that never calimbe¡wjiile (the Roman Catholics profess their present faith aud»piactice to; religious worship : a civil list many may and ought to be but a religious harmony as impossible. We are bound to publish the truth. upon the house tops. In that way in which every, creature of our race may hear, in newspapers, in pamphlets, and in every other way in our power; that way which' makes the truth, most public is the best way. We know Christ'sjsheep wilHcnow it, will hear if, and embrace it, while the children of Satan will be left inexcusable in continuing their hostility to it" True Protestants keep as close to the doctrines and practices inculcated by the Bible' as they are Roman Catholics differ from it as far as possible. There is no" minute and doubtful distinctions between Roman Catholics and Protestants, such as exist between the various sects of Protestants, Socinians and Ames excepted } Roman Catholics in worship and doctrine broadly dissent in our orthodox Pi otestants. They hold the lines Creeds; but they neutra- line, and render them about live, by additional articles. They use images, and abuse them in religious worship; they v 01 ship and make mediators of dead men and women; they worship bread in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper; they worship angels; all these things are contrary to the precepts of Christ and his Apostles; and all true Protestants look on such worship with unqualified abhor fence. The same may be said of their solitary masses offered up for the quick antniio~dêad. To the doctrine of-Tran substantiation we object, because the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was instituted by Christ' to call to our fernery brance that his body was broken, and his blood shed for all true believers hand when that was done, by the powers of Chi ist's Spirit, all the benefits acquired by his blood and righteousness, season fired on their hearts and minds. 'It never was said by Christ or his-Apostles that our bodies should bciioiirislicd by his flesh and blood, but that our souls should be sanctified by his Spirit, yea, that our souls and bodies should be sanc- tified by his Spirit. ^ Our bodies are represented as the temples of the Holy Spirit, but never represented is having the real manhood of Christ dwelling in embodies if we be true beli years. See 1 Cor. vi. 19. " He that is joined unto the Lord is one Spirit with him ;" but we never hear that he is one body with his manhood. . We are told that Jesus Christ is in us, except we "be reprobates If in hearing the Gospel preached, and partaking the blessed sacraments we have not received the HolyWjhost,'it'tis because we aro'ropiobatcs; for the Holy Ghost was'conferred-!on them who believed when they heard the Gospel ; but we never heard that? the manhood of Christ descended into men while they heard the Gospel In, Rom.' viii. 11. God is said to quicken the mortal bodies of believers by his Spirit which d well til in them, not by the body and blood of Christ dwelling in them. Believers are invited t > Christ their head, by the bend of his Spirit, not by his body and blood. When Christ promised to live disciples " that he would not leave them comfort- less, that he would come again to them, this promise was fulfilled by sending the Holy Ghost the Comforter to lead them into all truth, not by the coming or presence of His manhood,"' John xiv. " though we have known Christ after the flesh" yet now henceforth know we him no more," 2 Cor. v. 16. It is said in the Holy Scripture " that in the beginning was the Word," i. e, lie that was called the Word, the second person of the Trinity, was God, but it is no where said in Scripture " that in the beginning was the bread, and that bread was God," John i 1. 7, The seed is the Word of God," Luke v. 11. f Now the word in this place is quite different in significations from what it is in the first chapter of John's Gospel, and required no figura- tive signification. But when a circumstance is related concerning a rite which has been instituted by Christ, we ought to be careful that we understand whistle says in the institution of it. ~He~dociui»t say this bread is my body, for if he meant this, the word this in the original Greek would be little muscular gender ; but this affair, which I have performed in your presence of breaking bread' is an exhibition of the breaking of my bodywas atone for your singles, this bread's roy body is clearly not the meaning of the passage, but this eating and drinking is my body, tliáT,"is,* this eating and drinking is an holy rite 'appointed toy God to confer, on you the body of Christ, to wit the benefits and efficacy of Christ's death. For, thing.' before, the cóaseés tion it is our supper, as, st. xfanJj. says, yet -after consecration-it is-the Lord's Supper, but is only a change of property from being ours it-is changed to his, as Theodbret,'Bishop'of,Cyrus^inahè^fiffli centuryíBays.''D¡al.>2.' what the symbols " desertion from faîèiróVn'nature,°fpr ,tt%i»ejwidí»hñpeJíi«nd^§^aíb\eT>an<l ii sensible much 84 More? they were " ITraii6ub»tanliaHou,(54^> & i-rw»«.*i«itf 