MISCELLANEOUS, /EXTRACTS FROM THE TRIENNIAL CHARGE OF JOHN BIRD SUMNER, D.D., LORD BISHOP OF CHESTER, DELIVERED IN 1835. f CONCLUDED. 1 There will still, we fear, be many; indeed, we know that there are too many, who-either for want of early education, or in despite of it, grow up as " ilrunver from the covenants nf nromisp. Iinvnia no hope, and without God in the world." I need not remind you, brethren, that they must not on that account be abandoned. It is true, they have wandered from their home : we do not find them among the Lords family ; tliey do not comp -within our cure, in our capacity of Stewards of God's word. But we have another office, as Messengers, as " Watchmen of the Lord:" as watchmen, we are bound to warn litem, that we may " deliver our own soul," and be " free from their blood .as messengers, we are required to announce to them the riches of Divine mercy, and to " beseech them in Christ's stead to be recon ciled unto God." I will not repeat now, what on two former occasions I have addressed to you, concerning the likeliest methods, under God's blpssinc, of effecting this. The great object is lo bring religion home to them ; lo place the truth before their minds wiih all ils evidences, and all its attractions, and all its consolations. Not wail ing till they seek thai, which nature, left to itself, will never setk whilst it is atiainable, and which every year of delay has set at a greater distance from them : hut embracing every practicable -seheme by which they may be made sensible oi their own grievous need, and ol our readiness and anxiety to supply it, as the accredited guardians of their souls. The two principal measures in operation for this purpose are domestic expositions of Scripture, and an organized system of district visitation. Knowing that there aie some to whom lliese measures appear questionable, I have carefully watched, and closely examined their effect : and -experience convinces me that the benefits are sub stantial, the objections, from which nothing human is altogether free, comparatively inconsiderable. It has been urged, I know, in regard to the domestic mode of teaching or lecturing, that it lessens the dignity of the Church, and approxi mates us to the habits of dissenters. If this be so, it only proves that they have been quicker than ourselves to discover what is needed by (he wants of the people, and what is suited lo their habits : and we are surely more prudent in wielding their weapons, than in leaving them in their hunds, to be employed against ourselves. And, further, the real dignity of the Church is to be the inslrument of salvation; and he who " made himself servant unto all," that he " might gain the more," has shown us how we may best inaintain consistency. His words seem written for our purpose. " Unio the Jews became I as a Jew, that f might gain the Jews : to them ihnt are under the law, as under the law, that I might -gain them that are under (lie law : to iliem that are without law, as without law, that I might gain them that are without law. To the weak -became I as weak, that 1 might gain the weak I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some." Was the apostle blamed for this? We know that lie was. Did he on that account concede? We know the contrary. Was he blamed by his divine Master? 1 trow -not. It has been further supposed, that as some trouble and self-denial are connected with attend ance at Church, many will not submit to the inconvenience if they can obtain instruction else where. But the greatest obstacle to attendance at Church, is spiritual lethargy; and if that lethargy be awakened, the greatest obstacle will be overcome. If the hunger and thirst be once excited, pains will be taken, and means be sought, to satisfy it. The clergy, therefore, who have tried such plans, all unite in the same remark. They find their instruction doubly useful: not less effect aal in rousing those unwilling to attend -Church, ihnn in comforting those who are unable. Thus fresh hearers are continually added to the -congregation.' I can myself supply a proof which admits of no dispute. I examined the returns furnished me from ten parishes, (alphabetically taken,) in which these measures had been in operation. I find that in these ten parishes the average con gregations have increased since the preceding returns in 1832, from an aggregate of 3220, to 3750, i.e. by more than one-seventh. The com municants, during the same period, by more than a third : from an average of 419 lo 572. Is litis -linjury lo the Church? A similar result is furnished from the different churches of one large parish, throughout the whole of which these exertions have been made with more than usual unanimity. In the fifteen -churches connected with this parish, the average -congregations have increased during the last three years, from 10,360 to 11,650: and the number of communicants from 841 to 1266. Again we may ask, is this injury to the church ? On the contrary, what strength would be added to the .establishment, even if we look no farther, by such general augmentation of the numbers at tached to her, and attached to her by the closest ties ? There is no reason whatever to believe .that these efforts, are partial, or might not become -universal, if the .like means were universally em ployed. Indeed, brethren, it is an error for which, as individuals, we are heavily responsible, and ol -which, as a church, we are this moment paying the penalty, to limit the minister's duty to lire church walls, his visits to ihose who summon him, his instruction to the sick man's bed. This, as has been seen, is not the language of the Or- -dination Service. This is not <the inference we should draw from Scripture. " What man of you, having a hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave ihe nineiy-and-niiie in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost until he find it?" And be who has left us this para ble for an admonition, has left us this example too. He did not wait till mankind should turn to him ; but, " whilst we were yet sinners,", whilst we were far from him, as far as enmity and wickedness could separate man from God, he -came in great humility to visit us, and recal us, and "compel us to come in." Therefore, brethren, "I charge you before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the' quick and the dead at his appearing aud his 'Kingdom : preach the word ; be instant in season juuLeuI of season; throve, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering and doctrine." " If it shall happen that the church, or any member thereof, take any hurt or hindrance by reason of your negligence, ye know the greatness of the fault." Lay not up for yourselves the miserable sorrow of reflecting, that through ignorance, or timidity, or ill-considered prejudice, you neglected means of usefulness which God had blessed in other hands, and might have blessed to you. It has universally appeared where active means are employed " for the gospel's sake," and an ag gressive movement is made against the power of Satan, that some, at least, are "added to the church," some are found " prepared for the Lord." One more subject remains, which concerns the welfare of the church as an establishment, no less nearly than any which have preceded. As regards that welfare, we educate, and instruct, and warn, and arottse in vain, unless we provide that those who are educated ami awakened have the means of attending our ordinances, and join ing in our public worship. Our ancient buildings have been enlarged to the utmost limit; we sanc tion, in certain cases, the use of school-rooms, and such like apartments, as supplementary to the existing church, or preparatory lo a new one ; but the clergy who must officiate within these are already occupied beyond the extent of their powers : that which we must now aim at, that to which every effort must he directed, is an addition to the number of our churches, when too distant or unaccommodating; and to the number of our minister, now too few, and over burdened. Much has been done in this day, and done most beneficially, by the parliamentary grant of 1818\. To that grant this diocese is indebted for forty churches, accommodating 53,500 persons : structures, many of them, worthy of their object, restoring the ecclesiastical character of our country, and such as private resources never could have reared. That grant, however, has been exhausted, with little hope of renewal. And with the purpose of providing a supply as regular as the demand is sure, a law was passed in the first year of the present reign, reviving the ancient principle, which conceded the patronage of a church in perpetuity to those who build and endow it. To the long delay of this law, in the opinion of competent judges, we owe many of the evils which embarrass us. Now, however, we possess the law ; and the member of our church enjoy that toleration, which before was only granted to dissenters fiom the church. It is calculated to relieve the difficulties under which we are labouring, and to introduce the remedies which our condition indispensably requires. To churches built under this act, the bishop is empowered to assign a convenient pastoral dis trict, thus practically subdividing an overgrown and unmanageable parish. The church has its appropriate minister: this takes the burthen from those who were overloaded. You can yourselves bear witness., for there are many proofs of it within our reach, how in the train of the church, and the settled .minister, comes the parsonage, and the school; how all the charities of instructor and .instructed, of friend and neighbourhood, of flock and pastor, are introduced ; the distinguishing characteristic of -our land, which it was too fast -losing. To the whole surrounding district, a fresh testimony is raised for our God and Saviour: .a fresh warning of our frail tenure here, a fresh invitation to take shelter in the ark of the gospel from tite storm -of future judgment. And not in -vain. Of the six churches which I have already been called to consecrate under the provisions of this Act, there is not one, 1 believe, which is not crowded every Sunday : affording a prac tical proof, if proof were required, that the doctrine of the church, the ordinances of the .church,' the -ministers of the church, still enjoy the affections of the people, and that all we want is liberty and opportunity to retain them. Under the influence of these convictions, I felt .it, last year, my duty lo organize a society for the express purpose of encouraging the erection of churches in the more populous parts of this diocese, and especially for promoting the opera tions of .the Actio which 1 have now alluded. The .manner in which the proposal was met, the cordial .co-operation of the clergy, and the libe rality of tlie principal laity of the diocese, can only be attributed to the sense universally enter tained of the vital importance of such exertions. I reflect .with heartfelt thankfulness on the con trast between the present state of things and that which I before described, when teferring to the commencement of the century. Then fifteen churches were erected in twenty years. At this present moment nearly thirty churches and chapels are in different stages of progress within the dio cese; the effect of which probably, when in opera tion, will be such as to retain or draw within the circle of our establishment a hundred thousand persons who would otherwise have been estranged. Here, however, we must bear in mind, that the stream which we are providing to receive and confine within our channel has a regular and never-failing source. The population with which we are concerned receives an addition of twenty- five for every hundred within every ten years. The addition during the last decade, from 1821 to 1831, was 347.000. For every such ten years, we need more than fifty churches and fifty clergy, in order to keep pace with the increasing population ; to say nothing of overtaking that which a former age has allowed to get before us; and, therefore, the necessity of the demand is constant. I trust drat the same spirit which is now so actively en gaged and so liberally displayed, will make the provision constant; which tnay be effected by a regular system, and the trouble so eased by sub division as not to fall heavily on any. But the details of the plan to which I am alluding, must be reserved for other and filter opportunities. I have thus, my Reverend Bretiiren, with all plainness of speech, as the occasion required, laid before you my thoughts on the present pos ture of our affairs — on the purpose which it may be designed to serve — our consequent duty, and best hope of remedy. I am not unmindful of the circumstances in the political world, which have given great and unexpected advantages to the opponents of our church. But these are among the means by which the Almighty accom plishes his purposes, whether of mercy or of judgment. And we may feel assured of this, that whatever may be tiie wishes -or tire efforts of our enemies, they enn have no power at all against us, except it be "given them from above." This is the point to which we should direct our minds. The natural disposition is, in a crisis like the present, to address ourselves to our ad versaries ; those who are opposing us, assailing us, misrepresenting us, with either wilful iguo- rauce, or malice still less excusable. And, doubtless, in their conduct we have much to complain of as men, and still more lo lament as . Christians. Most especially must we lament that there is much scandal to religion, much oc casion afforded of blasphemy to the enemies of God and godliness; and that for the sake of sel fish interests alliances have been made, compro mises submitted to, and measures acted on, which could only be expected from those who liold that a desired end is to be pursued by any means. Every situation in which the Christian may be, placed brings.with ita corresponding duty. Ours is exceeding plain : — to iollow those steps which were left for our example,-— when, " reviled, not to revile again," when "suffering, to threaten not," but to ' commit .ourselves to Slim who judgeih righteously." Our church may he threat ened, — may be endangered, as " men count" Hanger; but we believe that it will stand secure in the defence and protection of Him whose cause it serves, so long as we, its ministers, (still looking to those chapters in the Book of Revelation which spem especially intended for our present circumstance), " hold fast the name which we heve received, the name which is above every name ; as long as we " hate the deeds" and the doctrines which " God also hates;" as long as we suffer none " who call themselves prophets to teach and seduce the ser vants of God as long as we are not " lukewarm in the cause of trnth." or boastiul, as if we " had need of nothing;" as long as he to whom we are devoted " knows our charily, and service, and faith, our patience, and our works ;"— so long we shall stand secure, " though the waters roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof." " God sitteth above the water-flood, and stilleth the noise of tiie waves, and the madness of the people." When a man's ways please the Lord, he makelh even his enemies to.be at peace with him." Lastly, as we look to God for security, so he has a right to expect, on our parts, zeal in the work which he has given us to do, and faithful ness to the truths which he has committed to our charge. Let hint see tliat we " do our first works, and that the last be more than the first." We have every earthly interest and motive to excite us here. As members of a community, and anxious for its welfare and stability; as lovers of a constitution handed down to us by our fore-' fathers, and which many times has cost them large and painful sacrifices ; as trustees of an inherit ance which belongs to us and to our children ; we have many and importantinterestscnncentered. But there is only one motive which really affects tire heart, so as to produce a zealous, and perma nent, and consistent ground of action. It is only when the " love of Christ constrains us," that we iiave spirit to meet and overthow those obsta cles whicii Satan is sure to raise, when his do minion is threatened ; it is only a zeal for the advancement of the kingdom of Christ which really fills the heart, and influences it to iarge exertions. And on this ground — on a sure con viction that by enlargening the walls of our Zion and strengthening her bulwarks, we are indeed most successfully and efficiently promoting that object for which the Redeemer died, — the sal vation of man : on this ground and no other 1 exhort you to follow every opening by which new membeis can be added to the church, and to employ all the mpans by which those who belong to us may be attached more firmly to her interests. And this, rememher, is the work of individuals. No man must shift the burthen from his own shoulders, and expect it to he borne by his neighbours, or the whole body. The whole body is compacted together; and " if one member suffers, all the members suffer with it." The welfare of our whole church must rise or fall, according to the condition of the indi vidual parishes of which it is composed. Every section of tire fabric in which there is reason to complain, that through want of accommoda tion in the church, or defect of faithfulness aud diligence in the pastor, those objects are not accomplished for which the church is de signed : every such case weakens the whole, as if a stone were taken out of the building: its stability is impaired in a greater or leas degree, according to the importance of the stone to the edifice in size or situation. Then, on the other hand, every parish serves to strengthen and cement the general fabric, in which through the faithful exposition of truth, the Gospel is proved and experienced to be " the power of God unto salvation." The blessings which follow the re ception of the Gospel, are returned upon the heads of the minister of the Gospel : the people will not readily abandon, those through whose diligence their home is visited, their children taught, their own spiritual interests promoted, their souls brought to enjoy that peace which the world cannot give, even " the peace of God which passeth all understanding." For though, unless the Lord keepeth the city, all human vigilance is vain ; yet the Lord will not desert the city, whilst his Watchmen are alert to waken, his Messengers to declare the tidings which lie sends, the Stewards of his mysteries to dispense to each man his portion in due season. Let each and all of us, ray Reverend Brethren, in our respective spheres, endeavour thus to strengthen the Church to which we are devoted : " in labours more abundant, in life unblamable, in prayer instant ; by pureness, by knowledge, by long-suffering, by kindness, by the lluly Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left." Those whom God may give you through the means of such service, will he the best support of the Church you love. But it is far more, that when the Church on eartli has done what it is designed to do, and " that which is perfect is come," they will be your " hope, and joy, and crown of rejoicing in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming." New South Wales. — Of all the colonies ol England, the most singular and the most success ful is the colony established in New South Wales. Formed by none of the impulses which had hitherto urged men to take the chances of the wilderness ; formed at the greatest distance from home ever attempted by colonization — in fact, the greatest possible distance, the antipodes; — formed of the most intractable materials,— the colony of Australia, within half the life of man, has risen to a pitch of commerce, agricultural opulence and population, never before equalled in the most fortunate or costly settlements of national fortune and enterprise. Why is this? May we not naturally ask, why has the new Continent,, given exclusively into the hands of England, exhibited the extraordinary spectacle of a new shape of dominion? Raised out of the refuse and rejected material of the .mother-country —whatever may have been the -purpose, the result is clear, dial a great expe'riment in the faculty of renovation in the hitman character lias found its field in the solitudes of this vast continent ; that the experiment has succeeded to a most unexampled and unexpected degree; and that the question is now finally decided between severity and discipline. If this were the intent of Providence in making over to England die inheritance of New South Wales, it would be only one of the crowd of instances which dis play tire unwearied watchfulness of Heaven for the welfare of man. When the lime shall arrive in which the philosopher shall be able to regard the results, free from the detail which now diminishes their real grandeur; when half a century more shall sliow him the noble proportions of a new empire ruling the Southern Ocean, filled with the free spirit and strong energies of Britain— covering the waters so long lifeless with her commerce, acting like a new minister of lite, along those boundless and most fertile shores which spread from India to Japan. Shooting the moral electricity. into shocks lhalonly reanimate, and sparks that only enlighten, through the whole stagnant and fettered, yet most lovely zone of the East — then first shall he be able to comprehend the nobleness of the task achieved, or the beneficence of that Power which, controlling all things, gave to our remote island, the duty, the means, and the honour ol this great triumph of good over evil. We ad mit that .all has not yet been completed,, that there are many things in the execution lo excite the displeasure of the fastidious, and not a few to puzzle the sagacity of the sapient. We ex pect that those who pride themselves on the ex clusive possession of philosophy will be indig nant. We admit, also, that the manners of con- vicls and their attendant turnkeys can have but little of the picturesque and less of the sentimen tal. But the main fact is unquestionable, — that out of those convicts has been formed a powerful, active, and opulent community. — What could have been done at home with the multitude who have beon, in succession, trans ported to Australia, if tlrey had remained in England? possibly, not one in fifty would have ever thought of anything but picking pockets or robbing on the highway; one half of them would have perished in prison, or of famine and disease, in their own hovels ; one quarter at least would have been hanged. But, by the fortunate, we might almost say the miraculous, expedient of providing them with a country, where they might begin the world anew, — where they might live without Ihe stigma of their for mer life, and recommence their character — where, being saved from the desperate difficulies ol providing themselves with food, they might feel some human enjoyment in the beauties of nature ; being protected from disgrace for the past, they might exert themselves to provide a character for the future : and being placed in tiro hope of pos sessing property and providing for their offspring, they might become alike industrious and do mestic, decent and happy, or in some rarer instances, opulent and honourable — the greatest example of rapid colonial prosperity in human records has been exhibited to mankind. — Slack- wood's Magazine. The Ruling Passion Strong after Death. — An old lady in a retired part of the Peak had plagued her liege lord some forty years, in consequence of an apparently unextinguishable thirst; and it was a subject of remark in the neighbourhood that she was always more thirsty in proportion to the potency of the beverage at the time within reach. The husband was one day persuaded by some friends to try the effect of a surfeit on his spouse, arid for litis purpose he purchased a bottle enolt of the best brandy, gin, and rum, and placed them on tire table at supper time. Many were the thanks and en dearments bestowed on him, and great was the demolition of the three alcoholic preparations; so much so, in fact, that some neighbours who dropped in about midnight (by -previous ap pointment) to see the effects of the experiment, severally declared that the dose was sure to do good one way or the other, on the kill or cure principle. Total insensibility at length came on, and in this state they deposited her in a large meal chest, and sat down to await the result. Towards day-break, the old dame began to be restless, and about breakfast-time she fairly awoke. All was dark — all was still. Not a whisper escaped the philosophical experiinentn- tors, when, after considerable scratching, and feeling, and fumbling, in her narrow prison, she at length, in a very sepulchral lone, broken only by an occasional hiccup, delivered herself of the following soliloquy; — " Why, I'm dead — and buried — and in my coffin. Oh, that last tumbler ofrum-puncli did the mischief! Well, I declare how thirsty I am." After giving two or three distinct raps Against the sides of her supposed coffin, she shouted, as loud as Iter situation would permit, " Dan ye sell ony drink in this country?" The husband and neighbours were by this time fully convinced that the experiment was a failure. The lady was released from the meal chest, and still continues to take a wee drop, whenever she has a wee drop to take. — Derbyshire Courier. Duties of Servants. — Swift, having paid a visit at Sir Arthur Acheson's country seat, and being, on the morning of his return to his deanery, detained a few minutes longer than he expected at his breakfast, found, when he came to the door, his own man on horseback, and a servant of Sir Arthur's holding the horse he was to ride himself. He mounted, turned the head ol his horse towards his own man, and asked him, in a low tone of voicp, if lie did not think he should give something to the servant who held his horse, and if he thought five shillings would be too much. " No, sir, it will not, if you mean lo do the thing handsomely," was the reply. The Deau made no remark upon this, hut when he paid his roan's weekly account, wrote under it, " Deduct from this the money paid to Sir Arthur's servant for doing your business, 5s." Sunday in France. — Sunday is, everybody knows who has ever been in France, the great holiday of the country — the jour de fete, for old and young, rich and poor. This is not a fitting place to discuss the wisdom of the law which says — " Remember that thou keep holy tire Sab bath-day ;" nevertheless, although 1 am far from defending the manner in which it is too generally kept, I may express my belief, that the God whose sun shines equally on the just and the unjust, never could consider it a crime for the pent-up artisan to leave his close and narrow dwelling on the Sabbath, and wander with his children and the partner of his toils, amid green hedge-rows and verdant fields. We know that the blue sky, the perfumed flowers, the fresh air, the music of the bird, the bee, and the dancing rill, must elevate the mind, must bear it upward, must decoy it from the small, low, creeping things of life to those which lead from time into eternity. I always pray that the Sabbath sun may shine bright and warm, so that our labourers, our servants — those who toil in comparative dark ness all the week — may be reminded, that God made the Sabbatli for them, and that our way sides, fields, and woods, may be filled by an outpouring of cheerful and happy people. It is not Sabbath-breaking to enjoy the sun, the light, the air of heaven. Our Saviour himself walked in the fields of Judea on that blessed day, and gathered with Iris own hands the ears of corn. With such feelings it is not likely I should find fault with such continental neighbours for re joicing and being glad of heart on their Dimanche ; but I do find great fault with the laws which permit continued labour on that sacred festival. There is no tranquillity in the streets,, no rest for man or beast ; the shops are open, lire horses at work, the din of mason, mills, slaters, car penters, and carriers as usual: at Htlvre I- really ininK tney maue more noise man on any oilier day of the seven. I have seen laundresses wash ing at their tubs, and at the fountains, while the bells of Notre Dame called to prayers. Let them do away altogether with the Sabbath rather than treat it with such insolent mockery, as to mingle the noise of the hammer and tire anvil with the deep and holy music of the church-bell ; it is so completely and palpably giving the upper hand to the cares and business of life, to its money-changing and its loaves and fishes, that the insulted Sabbaths of France grate upon my memory more than anything I can remember of any country I ever visited. As the evening approaches the streets become more tranquil, the artisans wash and dress, and the shop is left to the care of one person. Men and women troop away by scores, looking happy and joyous. Then, indeed, it is impossible not to rejoice with them, and wish that so volatile a people might devote the morning of the day lo that repose which is the highway to reflection. I thought of the cahn, well-ordered Sabbath morniiigs of England, and prayed that they might always lead to innocent cheerful evenings. —Mr. $ C- Hall, in the New Monthly Magazine'. Turkish Marriages — Marriage in this country is exclusively a civil contract, which is aUesied before the Cadi, or Magistrate, by friends of the two parties, neither of whom need be present. A Moslirn may marry a Christian or a Jewish female ; but the children must all be brought up in the religion of the prophet; on the other hand, a Mussalman woman can on no con dition unite herself to an unbePever; and the man infringing this law forfeits his life. Divorces are allowed under certain circumstances, but they are by no means frequent. Polygamy is sanctioned by the Koran, though not practised so generally as is supposed. When a man of rank (and none but such can maintain a number of wives) marries a woman who is his equal, a stipulation is made that slip shall be his only spouse. But if, as is more frequently the case, he take a plurality of wives of a rank inferiorto his own, each is entitled to a separate establishment, and all can demand equal privileges till one be elevated above the rest by becoming a parent ; aud the mother of the eldest son is called the chief spouse. The principal object of desire with the Moslim, as with the Hebrew, women is children ; and those whose wishes are realizctl regard with contempt their less fortunate rivals, while, in turn, they are eyed with burning jealousy. Among the tenants of the harem who can claim no connubial pri vileges, the mother of a daughter ranks above one who is childless ; but the mother of a son is im mediately raised tn the dignity of a wife, unless the father have already four, the conjugal limit prescribed by the Koran. Such an order of things necessarily opens the door to ambition, jealousy, hatred, and other evil passions, occasionally giving rise to persecutions and even to murders ; yet, strange as it may appear, the Turkish women are said by those who visit them to be not un happy ; their pleasures and resources, though few, are all that they have ever known, expected, re ceived, or coveted; and happiness is less ac curately measured by relative possession than by the proportion between the desires fostered and the enjoyment realized. Hitherto the cultiva tion of the mind has been almost entirely ne glected among them ; but many have now learned the value of education, and are following the example set by the Sultan's daughter, lately married to Haiti Pasha, who has been instructed in music by a Frank lady. From the time that a girl reaches the age of ten she is taught to shun the ey e of man. Her marriage is arranged by her friends with an individual whom she ha never seen ; and after she becomes a wife, she is excluded from in tercourse even with her male relations, except her father, brothers, and uncles, who are allowed to pay her a short visit of ceremony on festal days. When she appears abroad, she is so wrapped up as to conceal her face, any exposure of which, however partial, is regarded as a violation ol delicacy. A Frank lady informed us that one day, in the street, her arm was rudely seized, and separated from that of a gentleman who escorted her, by a Moslimuh who felt her sex dishonoured by such familiarity; and we heard from another that, only three years ago, a green veil was pulled off her head by a- Turkish female, enraged at seeing the sacred colour defiled by contact with an infidel so indelicate as to exhibit Iter face. It is sometimes supposed that the Koran excludes women from heaven : yet this is not the fact. Mohammed does not provide for them, as for men, a paradise of sensual bliss; but he declares that rewards and punishments will hereafter be distributed to all the faithful. — l ravels in the three great Empires of Austria, Russia, and Turkey, by C. B. Ello'lt, M. A., F. R. S. Dogs Piitsioonomists.-— Whenever speaking to a dog, whether encouragingly or reprovingly, the sportsman should endeavour to look what he means, and the dog will understand him. The dog will understand the look if he does not the words. The sportsman should never,, with z smile on his countenance, punish a dog; nor commend him when he has done well but with an apparent hearty good will ; the dog will then take an interest in obeying him. Gamekeepers antl dog-breakers are often odd fellows, and sel dom natives of the place where they follow their nvocation. Many of them are particularly lo quacious to the dogs. Should one of these queer specimens jabber in a Cornish or Yorkshire dia lect to a dog trained on the Grampians, the dog will understand from his look whether he is pleased or offended, but nothing more. The dog has not the gift of tongues, but he is a Lavater in physiognomy. — Oakleigh on Shooting. The Debtor,— -The man is in debt; he is obliged to look in the face people, and perhaps poor people, whom lie cannot pay. It is a situ ation infinitely irritating and mortifying. No man can, without passing, I had almost said, through worse than purgatorial torments, become callous to the demand for payment. It turns the whole of life into a scene of misery and mortifi cation—makes its whole business and action a series of sacrifices, shifts, and subterfuges. Home itself, the last refuge of virtue and peace — the very home that has lost its independence in its splendour, that is not protected from the intrusive step and contemptuous tone of the unsatisfied creditor — has lost its charm. It is no longer a sanctuary; and is but too likely to be forsaken for other resorts. Many a man, not only in the city, but in the country, has gone down in cha racter and self-respect, in virtue and hope, under the accumulated weight of these overwhelming embarrassments.— Dewey's Discourses. Law.— It is a most extraordinary fact, that the simplest action at civil law is a course of lie upon lie and fiction upon fiction, expense enor mous, and result uncertain; while the criminal code, too cruel to be carried into effect, gives every wretch that i? condemned a chance of one to twelve that he will not be executed, and to turns the law into a lottery. Borrowing Newspapers.— The borrowing of newspapers is very unfair, and hardly an honourable practice. Suppose the principle should be extended, and that people should take it into their heads to borrow the wares of trades men, instead of purchasing them, what a pretty pass things would come to. How a shoemaker would stare, if one should ask him for the loan of a pair of shoes, saying that he only wanted to wear tliein J Yet people borrow a newspaper— they only want to read it. — Dumfries Courier. Legal Gallantry.— The ladies, it is well known, are great enemies to the idea of a hus band bestowing correction on his wife, though the English law allows of such correction. Brac- ton, a law writer of great celebrity, gives a proper caution to husbands on this head, " for," says he, " although it may be lawful for the husband to correct his wife with a lawful weapon, such as a broomstick, tec., yet if he make use of an un lawful instrument, &c.;, such as an iron bar, or the like, and death ensue, it will be murder." Humanity. — Humanity is, in regard to the other social affections, what the first lay of co lours is in respect to a picture. It is a ground on which are painted the different kinds of love, friendship, and engagement. As the ancients held those places sacred, which were blasted with lightning, we ought to pny a tender regard to those'pefsons who are visited wiih affliction, A general civility is due to all mankind ; but an extraordinary humanity and a peculiar delicacy of good breeding is owing to the distressed, that we may not add to their affliction by any seem ing neglect. ; Provision is the foundation of hospitality, and thrift the fuel of magnificence. — Sir J. Sydney. 