" CHURCH AND STATE. To the Editor of the Sydney Standard. Patramatla, June 29, 1839. Sra, — In your paper of the 24th instant, you ask the following question—" Can P. Q. R. imagine for an instant, that He, whom the heaven of heavens cannot contain : that the Creator of the universe, the Lord of life and glory, can be contained in the diseased stomach of a finite worm, or that a mouse can run away with him?'' You say, " Shame on the man who will suffer his ' reason to be so darkened." May you not in turn be asked, Mr. Editor, can you imagine for an instant, that lie, whom the heaven of heavens cannot contaiu ; that the Creator of the universe, the Lord of life and glory, could have been con tained in the diseased womb of a finite worm for the space of nine months ; could have been born of that worm ; nursed and fed by that worm ; and that after a time, that He, whom the heaven of heavens cannot contain ; that theCreatorJof the universe, the Lord of life and glory, should have been tried as a common malefactor, spat upon, crowned with a crown of thorns, insulted, mocked, scourged, beaten, made to carry a heavy cress, stripped of his clothes, nailed to the cross hand and foot, crucified, andput to death by that finite worm, and then to be cast into a pit to be fuod for worms. Whatl the Infinite Creator put to death by his finite creature 1 1 Thus, Mr. Editor, you may see that in tlte very same strain of reasoning and unbecoming ridicule in which you attack the doctrine of the " Real Presence,'' the nativity of our Savioujr and our redemption itself may be at tached. They are open to the same blasphemous language; the heathen and the infidel make use of the same arguments you do, in attacking the fundamental doctrines of Christianity ; if you at tempt to bring such stupendous mysteries to the bar of human rehson, you leave yourself open to the laugh and to lite sneer of the infidel and the profane. What have you to oppose to them ? nothing, but faith in the omnipotence of an Almighty God. You believe one mystery — you reject the other; yet you have Scripture for both. But why do you reject tlte " Real Presence" ac cording to the belief of Catholics ? Is it because you believe it impossible for Jesus Christ to con vey himself to us in such a mysterious way; yet, in some of your Protestant prayers, you express yourselves as warmly and as strongly in the belief of the real presence of Jesus Christ in the Sacra ment, as any Catholic would do ; for instance, " I acknowledge, O Gud, with all humility, my great unworthiness to partake of this heavenly feast, where thou feedest all devout minds with the precious body and blood of' thy son Jesus Christ." Again — "Grant us, thereforegracious Lord, so to eat the flesh of thy dear son Jesus Christ, and to drink his blood, that our sinful bodies may be made clean by his body, and our souls washed through his most precious blobd, and that we may evermore dwell in him, and he in us ; Amen." " I implore the assistance of the Holy Spirit, in my honest endeavours to be come a worthy partaker of the body and blood of Christ." " The body and blood of Christ are verily aud indeed taken and receivid by the faithful in the Lord's Supper." A living prelate says, " When I see the crowds of com municants at the awful mysteries of the body and blood of our Lord." You call it " immortal food, holy and tremenduous mystery," and other ex pressions, which the most sincere Catholic might make use of; in approaching to the Lord's Supper. Who would imagine for a moment that you meant quite the reverse of all this— that your real belief is, that when you receive the sacrament you partake of nothing more than a piece of baked dough as it comes from the baker, or a drop of wine, and that the body and blood of Christ are not verily and indeed taken and received by the fuithful in the Lord's supper — but, as you say, a piece of baked dough. There is no question but thousands and thousands of poor and ignorant Protestants are grossly deceived and deluded by such language, and that they firmly believe that they receive, what they do not, the body and blood of the Lord ; and that if the matter was rightly explained to them, according t6 the real belief of their Church, thousands upon thousands of them would return to the Catholic Church. As 1 believe you are, Mr. Editor, liberal enough to open your columns to all parties, I have to beg you will give this room in your next paper. 1 remain, yours, A CATHOLIC. We have much pleasure m conceding to the wishes of the writer of the above let ter, it is written in a proper tone and spirit. Our " Catholic" correspondent will of course expect from us a defence of the argument we endeavoured to maintain in the article to which his letter refers. We perfectly agree with " a Catholic" that the mysteries of revelation cannot be reduced to the level of human comprehen sion in an absolute sense, such as the doctrine of the Trinity, for example; but with respect to the mode in which it has pleased Almighty God to Veveal himself to man, as a man, we have clear and dis tinct evidence-. We might instead of en tering -into a lengthened controversy refer our correspondent to Faber's treatise on " The Difficulties of Romanism," c. iv. ; however, as it is a privilege of which mem bers of the Anglican Church are justly proud, to assign a reason for the hope that is them, without regard to human autho rities, we, "as the champion , and not as the organ of the Anglican Church, will en- cleavour to describe our reasons, for ob jecting to the doctrines of the Real Pre sence, and we trust our hostility to the doctrine will not by any inadvertancy in duce us to forget that we are contending for truth, a truth the most solemn and im- i — portant, and not for mere victory in argu ment, with these feelings, and in this spirit, we accept the challenge. The doctrine of the real presence implies, that our senses lawfully exercised on a pro per subject, may be and are . grossly de ceived, so aAo render dependence on the evidence of our senses even worse than absurd. We utterly condemn and repu diate most distinctly, that presumption so remarkable in infidels, which induces them to decide upon the fitness or probability of iufinite mysteries by the laws of finite rea- son. But we bear constantly in mind that Holy Scripture was given for our learning (the same may be said of tradition), yea, for our salvation ; and by the proper use of our eyes and our understandings it is that we are enabled to turn the blessed truths of Scripture to a profitable account, but the doctrine of Transubstantiation de clares that our perceptive faculties, our capability of seeing, feeling, tasiing, and comprehending, when applied to divine subjects, are useless to us. Yet, how is the Chnrch, or rather, the Minister- of the Church, to propound to his hearers the truths he wishes them to embrace, . the Church has no other media through which to communicate her dicta. If that which we see, feel, and taste, to be bread and wine, is in reality not bread and wine, by what process do we ascertain its real nature ? How do we find out that the objects which we taste, see, and handle, are essentially different to what sense declares them to be. Why do we believe that the words " this is my body" convey to us the idea that some palpable object is thus spoken of; why do we give credence to the soli tary sense of sight or hearing, and refuse at the same time all belief in other faculties whether sensitive or intellectual? Or why in the silent process of consecration, when nothing is heard, seen, or felt, or tasted, are we to disbelieve taste, touch, and sight. If we cannot tell whether the objects pre sented to our sight, touch, and taste, after consecration be really bread and wine, how did, or can we be certain that the same sub stances were .bread and wine before conse cration. In proposing these questions, fur be if from us to limit the power oi omni- potenCy — " With God all things are pos sible." But we say with the learned Bishop Pearson—" Whatsoever implietlr a con tradiction is impossible; and therefore is not within the object of the power of God, because impossibility is the contradiction of all power." Our object, however, is not to entangle either ourselves or our corres pondent, by referring to the recorded opi nions of a variety of authors. The question to be determined is this; is man warranted in believing the evidence of his senses? If this point is not conceded, our arguments are vain ; by the aid of our senses we per ceive, and are able to read our correspon dent's letters, we can perceive1 that it i3 written and not printed, but if we are not to credit our senses, that which we take to be a sheet of paper written upon, may be a slab of mahogany, or a flying fox. What is termed the Eucharist in the Roman Church, is composed of certain ma terials, flour, water, and wine. Prior to consecration, a Romanist would call these three articles, as we call them, and he would admit that they were material and not ethe real; does the silent act of consecration produce such a change upon matter as to make that which was matter, not matter, or that which was baked flour and water, human flesh, and that which was the juice of the grape, the blood of a man? It is contended by some who hold the doctrine of " the real presence," that a distinction is to be drawn, between the Body of our Saviour in which he was crucified, and that in which he rose. The Council of Trent, however, decides that the Eu- charistic body possesses blood, bone, and flesh. The body in which the Saviour suffered, was precisely the same body in which he appeared to his disciples, after his resurrection, — witness his convincing Tho- mas of his identity, by pointing his atten tion to the wound in his side, and to the prints of the nails' in his hands and feet. To satisfy the scruples of a sceptical dis ciple, we see that our Saviour at once ap peals to the evidence of sense — " feel tne" — by the evidence of sense, we have no means of convincing ourselves of Transubstan tiation, by the evidence of reason in con nection with sense, the doctrine cannot be sustained ; but, says the Romanist, 1 admit that the doctrine is not one to be deter mined by sense or reason — a belief in the doctrine is the result of implicit faith, just as much so as a belief in the doctrine of the Trinity. We should say, that did the testimony of Scripture afford us the same proof of Transubstantiation that it does of the existence of three distinct persons in the Godhead, the non- acceptance of the doctrine would be an act of "unpardonable infidelity. Onr Correspondent endeavours to destroy our argument respecting the casualties to which matter is subject, by instituting a comparative analogy between the process through which the Eucliaristic bread has to pass, and the manner of our Lord's incarnation and subsequnt suffer ings and ignominy ; he must pardon us for saying there is' no comparison or analogy which can fairly be established. It was pre-ordained that God, in the person of Christ, should come into the world in the precise manner in which he did come, and that he should suffer precisely what he did suffer. Our. Saviour was miraculously conceived, but naturally born; he died naturally — that is to say, he died on the cross, as any other man would have died, but that natural body in which .the God head dwelt prior to His crucifixion, was supernatural ly preserved from the ordi nary law of nature, in as much as the body showed no symptoms of decompo sition during the absence of the spirit or vital principle " I will not suffer my Holy One to see corruption," the re- animation of that body was in opposition to the law of nature, but strictly in accord ance with the Divine- promise, but after the resurrection, no part or portion of Scripture warrants us in believing that the glorified Saviour and Creator would be subjected to humiliation, for it is clearlv and distinctly written, that he ascended into heaven, and sat down for ever on the right hand of God. We are taught by Scripture to believe that the Saviour wiil occupy the mediatorial throne until the world is called to judgment; and when this great and terrible day is past, the offi ces of Mediator and Judge will merge into the one supreme eternal God. It is an act of faith to believe in the miraculous con ception, but even in this the senses are consulted. It was foretold, and the Virgin Mother bore living testimony to the fulfil ment of the prophesy. It is an act of faith to believe in the offices and person of the Holy Ghost, but here again the senses and our reasoning faculties are called into ex ercise. The day of Pentecost to those who witnessed the miraculous outpouring of the Holy Spirit, the fact of there being indeed an active, .operative, and invisible influence exercised could not be disputed, this their eyes saw, and their ears heard, what great things were done by the Holy Spirit which our Saviour had promised. We feel that we might prolong onr argu ments considerably, but our correspondent will allow that it requires much fewer words to bring a charge, or declare a doctrine, than to maintain or defend either ; in the limits of a weekly paper, we can scarcely find room for long controversial articles, independent of those which- we lay before our readers. We do not say this to deter our correspondent from replying to us, but to accoant for brevity. The article, many of our readers will consider long enough we have no doubt, and upon a less im portant subject; we should think so too. 