THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES ,OK ... containing A faithful account, of the Fortunes, Misfor-. tunes, Uprisings, PowjiiaUiugs,and complete Career of the Nick leiiy Family J EDITED BY " BOZ." CHAPTER XVI. X Continued.)' ' Within the precincts cf the ancient city of Westminster, and within half a quarter- of a- mile of its ancient sanctuary, is a' narrow and dirty region, the sanctuary of j the smaller members of Parliament in: modern (lays, it is all comprised m one street of gloomy lodging-houses, from whose windows in vacation time there frown long melancholy rows of bills, which say as plainly as did the old coun tenances of their occupiers, ranged "on ministerial and opposition benches in the session which slumbers with its fathers, " To Let'' — " To Let.'' In busier periods of the year these bills disappear, and the houses swarm with legislators. There are legislators in the parlours, in the first floor, in the second, in the third, in the garrets ; the small apartments reek with the breath of deputations and delegates. In damp weather the place is rendered close by the steams of -moist Acts of Parliament and frowzy petitions % general postmen grow faint as they enter its infected limits, and shabby figures in quest of franks flit restlessly to and fro likethe troubled ghosts of Complete Letter- writers departed. This is Manchester Buildings ; and here, at all hours of the night, may be heard ; the rattling of latch-keys in their respec- ! tive keyholes, with now and then — when : a gust of wind sweeping across the water which washes the Buildings feet, impels the sound towards its entrance — the weak, , shriil voice of some young member prac- . tising the morrow's speech. All the live long day there is a grinding of organs and clashing and clanging of little boxes of music, for Manchester Buildings is an eel-pot, which has no outlet hut its awk ward mouth — a case-bottle which lias no I thoroughfare, and a short aud narrow ' neck — and in this respect it may be typical . of the fate of some few among its more adventurous residents, who, after wrig gling themselves into Parliament by, violent efforts and contortions, find that it too is ! no thoroughfare for them; that, like Manchester Buildings, it leads to nothing j beyond itself; and that they are fain at last to back ont, no wiser, no richer, not : one whit more famous, than they went in. Into Manchester Buildings Nicholas turned, with the address of the great Mr. ' Gregsbury in his hand ; and, as there was 1 a stream of people pouring into a shabby house not far from the entrance, he waited until they had made their way in, and! then making up to the servant, ventured i to inquire if he knew where Mr- Grecrs- bury lived. The servant was a very pale, shabby boy, who looked as if he hud slept under ground from his infancy, as very likely he ' hqd. "Mr. Gregsbury ?' said he j "Mr. Gregsbury lodges here. It's all right. "Come in." Nicholas thought he might as well get in while he could,, so in he walked and. he had no sooner done so, than the boy shut the door and made off. This was odd enough, but what was more embarrassing was, that all along the narrow stairs, blocking up the window, and making the dark entry darker still, was a confused crowd of persons with great importance depicted in their looks ; who were, to all appearance, waiting in silent expectation of some coining event ; from time to time one man would whisper his neighbour, or a little group would whisper together, and then the whisperers would nod fiercely to each other, or give their heads a relentless shake, as if they were bent upon doing something very des perate, and were determined not to be put off, whatever happened. As a few minutes elapsed without any thing occurring to explain this phenome non, and as he felt his own position a peculiarly uncomfortable one, Nicholas was on the point of seeking some informa tion from the man next liim, when a sud den move was visible on the stairs, and a voice was heard to cry, " Now, gentle men, have the goodness to walk up.' So far from walking up, the gentlemen on the stairs began to walk down with great alacrity, and to entreat, with extra ordinary politeness, that the gentlemen nearest the street would go first. The gen tleman nearest the street retorted, with equal courtesy, that they couldn't think of such a thing on.any account ; but they did it without thinking of it, inasmuch as the other gentlemen pressing some half-dozen (among whom was Nicholas) forward, and closing up behind, pushed them, not merely up the stairs, but into the very sit- ting-room of Mr. Gregsbury, which they were thus compelled to enter with most unseemly precipitation, and without the means of retreat ; the press behind them more than filling the apartment. " Gentlemen,' said Mr. Gregsbury, " you are welcome. I am rejoiced to see you." For a gentleman who was rejoiced to see a body of visitors, Mr. Gregsbury looked as uncomfortable as might be ;. but perhaps this was occasioned by senatorial gravity, and a statesmanlike habit of keeping his feelings under Control. He was a tough, burly, thick- headed gentle man, with a loud voice, a pompous man ner, u tolerable command of sentences with no meaning in them, and in short every requisite for a very good member indeed. "Now, gentlemen/' said Mr. Gregs bury, tossing a great bundle of papers into a wicker basket at his feet, and throwing himself back in his chair with" his arms over the elbows, " you are dis- iM\fic<nan nrif h m t» nnri/iiiAf T coo . nir f lio SttllOUWU 11U J WUUUWby JL y bilv newspapers." " Yes, Mr. Gregsbury, we are/' said a plump old gentleman in a violent heat, bursting out of the throng, and planting himself in the front. "Do my eyes deceive me," said Mr. Gregsbury, looking towards the speaker,- " or is that my old friend Pugstyles ?" " I am that man, and no other. Sir/' replied the plump old gentleman. , "Give me your hand, my worthy friend," siaid Mr. Gregsbury, " Pugstyles, my dear .friend, I am very sorry to see you here." : " l am very sorry to be here, Sir," said Mr. Pugstyles ; " but your conduct, Mr. Gregsbury, has rendered this deputa tion from your constituents imperatively necessary/' " My conduct, Pugstyles," said Mr. Gregsbury, looking round upon the depu tation with gracious magnanimity — "My conduct. has been, and ever will be, regu lated by a sincere regard for the true and real interests of this great and happy country. Whether 1 look at home or abroad, whether I behold the peaceful in dustrious communities of our island home, her rivers covered with steam-boats, her roads with locomotives, her streets with cabs, her skies with balloons of a power and magnitude hitherto unknown in the history of aeronautics in this or any other nation — I say, whether I look merely at home, or stretching my eyes further, con template the boundless prospect of con- quest and possession — achieved by British perseverance and British valour; — which is ; outspread before nie, I clasp my hands, and turning my eyes to the broad expanse above my head, exclaim, ' Thank Heaven, I am a Briton ! ' " The time had been when this burst of enthusiasm would have been cheered to the very echo ; but now the deputation , received it with chilling coldness. The ; general impression seemed to be, that as an explanation of Mr. Gregsbury 's, politi cal conduct, it did not enter quite enough into detail, and one gentleman in the rear ! did not scruple to remark aloud, that for : his purpose it savoured rather too much of a " gammon " tendency. " The meaning of that term — gammon," said Mr. Gregsbury, " i9 unknown to me. . If it means that I grow a little too fervid, ; or perhaps even hyperbolical, in extolling my native land, I admit the full justice of the remark. I &m; proud of this free and happy country. My form dilates, my eye glistens, my breast heaves, my heart Swelte, ray bosom burns, when I eall to j mind her greatness aud her glory." "We wish, Sir/' remarked Mr. Pug styles, caltnly, "to ask you a few ques tions." " If you please, gentlemen ; my time is yours — and my country's— and my coun try's — '' said Mr. Gregsbury. This permission being eoneeded, Mr Pugstyieis put on his spectacles, and refer red to a written paper which he drew from his pocket, whereupon nearly every other member of the deputation pulled a written paper from his poeket, to check Mr. Pug styles off, as he read the questions. This done, Mr. Pugstyles proceeded to business- " Question number one.— Whether, Sir, you did not give a voluntary pledge pre vious to your election, that in the event of your being returned you would immediately put down the practice of coughing and groaning in the House of Commons. And 'whether you did not submit to be coughed and groaned down 111 the very first debate of the session/ and have since made no effort to effect a reform in this respect? ; Whether you did not also pledge yourself to astonish the government, and make them shrink in their shoes. And whether you have astonished them- and made them shrink in their shoes, or not?" " Go 011 to the next one, ray dear Pug styles," said Mr. Gregsbury. " Have voii any explanation to offer with reference to that question, Sir ? " asked Mr. Pugstyles. " Certainly not," said Mr. Gregsbury. The members of the deputation looked fiercely at each other, and afterwards at the member, and " dear Pugstyles " having taken a very long stare at Mr. Gregsbury (over the tops of his spectacles, resumed his list of inquiries. I" Question number two. — -Whether, Sir, you did not; likewise give a voluntary pledge that you would support your col league on every occasion ; and whether you did not, the night before last, desert him and vote upon the other side", because 1 the wife of a leader on that other side had \ invited Mrs. Gregsbury to au evening ;xpartv? " " Go on," said Mr- Gregsbury. " Nfcthing to say -on that, either, sir," "Nothing whatever," replied Mr. i Gregsbury. The deputation, who had only seen him at canvassing or election time, were struck dumb by his coolness. He didn't appear like the same man ; then he was all milk and honey— now; he was all starch and vinegar. But men are so different at different times. " Question number three-— and last- — " said Mr. Pugstvles, emphatically. " Whe ther, Sir, you did not state upon the hus- tjngs, that it was your" firm and deter mined inteution to oppose everything proposed ; to divide the house upon every, question, to move for returns on every subject, to place a motion on. tha books every day, and, in short, in your own memorable words', to play the devil with everything and everybody ?"' With this comprehensive inquiry Mr. Pugstyles folded up his list of questions, as did all his backers. Mr. Gregsbury reflected, blew his nose, threw himself further back in his chair, came forward again, leaning his elbows on tiie table, made a triangle with his two thumbs and his two forefingers, and, tap ping his nose with the apex thereof, re plied (smiling as he said it), "I deny everything." - At this unexpected answer a hoarse murmur arose from the deputation, and the same gentleman who had expressed an opinion relative to' the gammoning nnftii-A nf tliP intrnHiiftthrv Qnppir»li/ ntMiti made a monosyllabic demonstration, by growling out " Resign which growl being taken up by his fellows, swelled into a very earnest and general remon strance. " am requested, Sir, to express a hope,'' said Mr. Pugstvles, with a distant bow, " that Gn receiving a requisition to that effect from a great majority of your constituents, vuu will not object at once to resign vour suat in favour of some candidate whom they think they can bet ter trust." To which Mr. Gregsbury read the fol lowing reply, which, anticipating the re quest, he had composed iu the form of a letter, whereof copies had been made to send round to the newspapers. " My dear Pugstyles, ... | Next- to the welfare of our beloved island-— -this great and free and happy country, whose powers and resources are, I sincerely beljeve, illimitable — I value that noble independence which is an Englishman's proudest boast, and which I fondly hope to bequeath to my children untarnished and unsullied. Actuated by no personal motives, but moved only by high and great constitutional considera tions which I will not attempt to explain, for they are really beneath the compre hension of those who have not made themselves masters, as I have, of the in tricate and arduous study of politics, I would rather keep my seat, and intend doing so. " Will vou do me the favour to present my compliments to the constituent body, and acquaint them with this circumstance? ' With great esteem, " M v dear Pugstyles, " &c.; &c.;" "Then you will not resign, under any circumstances ?" asked the spokesman. Mr. Gregsbury smiled, and shook his head. " Then good morning, sir," said Pug styles, angrily. " God bless you," said Mr. Gregsbury. And the deputation, with many growls j and scowls, filed off as quickly as the narrowness of the staircase would allow , of their getting down. Ob be continued.) I 