Verily, verily reader wesay unto thee, that in our opinion, this is a very sirange world, and that there are in it, some very strange people, there cannot be even the shadow of a doubt. Amongst others, is the Queen's present Attorney General, Mr. Herbert Jones. There cannot be a question raised but that lie is a clever, a very clever public man. We have arrived at this opinion from circumstances, which, when stated as we intend to state them, will, we feel satisfied, convince every on? of our serious, and thinking readers, that there is no one like unto him—Mr. Jones, in this Colony no, not one. It is always with unspeakable satisfaction that we do the civil, the polite, and complimentary, and therefore with the perfect remembrance of all we have read, and heard, and seen, during the last few days, we approach the present subject with a fulness of delight, (mixed with sorrow.) such as we have often experienced in our homeward walk through the streets of tlie great metropolis, after a Joyouo hour past at the Pig and Whistle, that ever celebrated rendezvous, of fun and frolic. Reader—if you do not know the whereabouts and all the eccentricities of that resor t of choise spirits, the 'Pig and Whistle,' then indeed, you have lived to little purpose, and we take leave that whilst we regret your misfortunes, we venture to express our opinion, that the sooner you shift your quarters in this world, the better. But to the point,—know then, that up to Friday, or Saturday last, the situation of Attorney General of this Colony, was filled by Mr. M'Macdowell, who, having lately been called upon in the performance of his duty to prepare a bill, founded upon iniquitious inquisitional principles necessary for the purpose of the Government in awarding justice to the distillers, he did so, and then,very properly, tendered the resignation of his office. The bill of pains and penal ties, being founded, as he considered, on wrong, it ought not to receive, he said, the support of any man, having the least pre tensions to common honesty. How he, a member of such Government, could have arrived at such a conclusion, under all the circumstances of the case, is to us astonishing, because the consequences of his thus thinking, and acting, independently, were •evidently, and clearly, before hitri. It may, however, be as well to observe, that he was supported in this opinion by Mr. Herbert Jones, the late Solicitor General, to whom we have already alluded, and who has rendered himself celebrated in this Colony by, what has in its contemplation, brought us to a full stop, and obliged us to commence another paragraph devoted entirely to his praise. First, tlit'n, he is celebrated for having been tlie original introducer into this Colony of that piece of mountebank buffoonery, the everlasting whalebone wig, the emblem of imposition and law-craft, at which, all common men look with a quiet chuckle of amusement, and all thinking persons, with a deep feeling of rpgret, as a deplorable exhibition of antiquated folly,— he is celebrated, also, for his " movement" in the Supreme Court, and the great mistake he made in attacking Mr. Justice Montagu, who, not being to be moved by the " movement," and not having the fear of "the wig" before his eyes, gave him such a wigging, as will ring in his ears probably to the latest hour of his professional existence. He is celebrated, also, for his threats to reform the Bench, the Bar, and the Press, forgetting that the most necessary task for him, or some other man to undertake for him, was, to reform himself. He is celebrated also, and will be for ever celebrated, for the acts, and deeds, which we now proceed more fully to enumerate. Well, wesay then, that this Mr. Herbert Jones, up to Friday last, the 30th September 1839, (we mention the day particularly because it will no doubt be recorded in the pages of his eventful history, and because, we heard him declare the fact, in that place, where there can be no mistake, the Legislative Council)—up to that day he, Mr. Herbert Jones, (wo-montion his Ohriotian name also for the same reason, to assist the Historian, because we do not expect to live for ever)—looked at the proposed Issue Bill, before alluded to, with abhorrence, fully agreeing with his then superior in office Mr. M'Dowell, that it was, in all its points, an illegal, and objectionable one, that if . proposed, and carried, would involve the local government in everlasting disgrace, and His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, in everlasting dishonor. With this view, he undertook to afford Mr. Turnbull, (one of the sacrificed),, the aid of his splendid talents, and to appear before the Council, and the Supreme Court, as the champion of the Distillers. For them, he was to act as their staunch friend, their unflinching advocate,—their learnedly pow erful and profound defender,—and throwing down his wig—no not his wig, his bag (to which thereby hangs a taleJ upon the table,—he was to carry all before him, and exclaim, with all the wild frenzy of glO' rious victory in bis eye,— Smith, Turnbull,and Hackett Come join in the cry. We'll henl'cm all hollow, We'll conquer or die. Up to Friday last, this was the perfect unanimity of feeling on the Distillery question, between the late and present Attorney Generals, and the sacrificed Distillers. On that day, it seems, by the speech, or oration, or confession, or expla nation, or brain-bothering exposure of Mr. Herbert Jones in the Legislative Council the dark-lanthorn of his imagination suddenly threw a light upon him, viz., "upon the path of his duty. (Query interest) It was a wonderful business, a great delivery, —in an instant he saw that he was run- ning athwart hawse, as a sailor would say of a huge difficulty, which might affect his peace of mind for ever, and his children's after him, to the second and third generation, as also his position, as a most efficient member of this very respectable Government. However, " there's a difference between a Beggar and a Queen," or even a Queen's Attorney General, thought he, and with this fact staring him in the face, how could he, we ask every independent and sensible man, how could he have acted otherwise than he has acted? We will, however, take his own explanation, which, of course, coming as it does from a man, who would not embarras the Government, for all the fame he has acquired in this Colony,—who is also, now, an Attorney General, who has also evinced an inclination to reform the Bench, the Bar, and the Press, and moreover who occa- sionally wears a wig—we cannot venture to disbelieve him, why should we? Besides, Sir. we are not of those, Who fain would wipe a bloody nose, Who fight with every cock that crows, Why should we 1 Neither are we of tho=e d'ye see, Who wage fieice war -with ev'ry flea, And crack him with a savage glee, Why r-hould we t and therefore, and of course, we say—we believe him. Well, on, on, what next? Have patience, and we will tell thee all. The learned gentleman went on to explain, that, on Friday last, he had an interview with a clever man, a very respectable person, one for whose opinions he had a very high regard. We did hope, that he would have mentioned this very sensible gentleman's name; but he passed on without affording us the pleasure of recording it in newspaper history. That there is just reason to deplore this circumstance the sequel will show,—(we must here observe, however, that we do hope the Government will offer a reward for his apprehension, as an accessory before the fact). This gentle- man being a very clever person, convinced, Mr. Jones, by argument, that he was wrong, —that he was altogether in error,— that all the proceedings of the Government in their treatment of the Distillers, were founded on justice, and reason, and all that sort of thing, and that from that moment, having been converted by this very clever person, he had decided upon a change in his conduct, in order that it might go more conveniently in double harness with his new gold-mounted opinions on the Issue Bilk He had never read it up to Friday last, but he had always thought it, before that time, nothing better than a Bill of horrid pains and penalties. Now, however, he did not believe it to be anything of the kind, because he had had a conversation on the question generally, with the very sensible person, before alluded to in his explanation or brain-baring botheration, to the Council. He then, after this nnnvorsation, began to consider how far he was authorised in supporting the then Attorney General, " my late colleague," Mr. M'Dowell, whom he had promised to support,—in his opposition to His Excellency's Government; and then, he, Mr. Jones, went to bed, and slept as well as he could under all the circumstances. During the night, the ghost of his immortalized wig appeared to him— no, this is a mistake, it did not appear to him, it lias been said that it did, but we do not believe it; however, it is certain, at least so he stated, that within a fern hours after his wonderful conversion, by the medium of this conversation with this very sensible gentleman, or the blowing open of the dark lanthorn of his imagination, as before mentioned,—he was offered the situation of his late friend, and " my late colleague," the Attorney General, with all its additional fees, emoluments, and advantages thereunto attached, "my late colleague" having had the extraordinary hardihood to prefer to place and degradation —his own sense of right and wrong, his own character for honesty and consistency. Mr. M'Dowell thought, no doubt, that his learned brother with the wig would also have shewn some political and moralcourage, but therein he reckoned without his host, and now he may sing, as often as he pleases— Oh! Herbert, I believ'd thee true, And now I'm fioor'd by thus believing. Now for a word or two of sober seriousness by way of wind- up to this tale of chicanery ancl manoeuvre, this prostration of every particle, or appearance ot common decency, on the part of the Queen's present Attorney General, whose course henceforward will, doubtless, be a very marked, and a very extraordinary one. We tell him plainly that no man believes the statement of his very sudden conversion in the case of the Distillers, but that it is all a hoax attempted to be played off to save his public character. No man believes, but that he has willingly and knowingly degraded himself beyond redemption, by consenting for the sake of promotion in his profession, to carry a measure through the Council, which he, in his heart, believes to be founded in gross injustice and wrong,—he having himself declared that to be his belief. No man believes, that he has not compromised the interests of his client, Mr. Turnbull, in first taking his case in hand, enquiring into its merits, and then, putting himself into a position to act as counsel against him, in his place in the Legislature. Although Mr. Attorney General Jones in private life, may be for aught we know, and we believe he is, a very estimable man, still, we tell him plainly, that, henceforth, as a public character, be will be looked upon as the emblem of apostacy, a willing tool wherewith to work mischief to the Colony, another bye-word for what we do not choose more particularly to express. We leave him to all his honors, his seat in the Council, and extra pay ; we envy him not their enjoyment; we would not exchange places with him for ten thousand times the value of his golden chains. We turn, however, from the picture before us, to pay a just tribute of respect to Mr. Macdowell. We congratulate him on the manly consistency of his conduct. To have acted otherwise, than he has acted, would have been to have entailed upon himself indelible disgrace; to have forgotten his oath, his duty, the vaiue of a character, everything in fact that is desirable in life to a free man. By the course he has adopted, he has raised himself a hundred fold, in the estimation of all those who have the real—not the ideal—prosperity of the Colony at heart,—of those, who are still able, and willing, to appreciate the value of public honesty, in public men. His successor, on the contrary, may rest assured, that although this is a penal settlement,—the people in it are not all slaves, and that the time is close at hand, when neither the wig, nor the silken robe, nor the Queen's warrant, will be a sufficient protection or passport to place or power for political apostacy,—ignorance', folly, or presumption. Mr. Jones is a young man, and evidently not a very wise one,—let him not attempt to play the statesman, or the politician, but above all —before he raises his puny strength agaimt either the Bench, or the Bar, or the Press* let him learn discretion,—and reform himself. We will now offer a few observations upon the Issue Bill, the cause, jm. some degree, of these changes in the position of the late, and the present Attorney General. It is said, that it is required, in order that justice may be done to those who ask compensation, and to the Government^ which is called upon to award it from the injuries inflicted upon the Distillers. In looking to the Act, we see that for every oflence, or breach of its provisions, a certain penalty has been affixed, and that these penalties cannot be inflicted, unless a conviction of offence be obtained, within a period of six months, from the time of its committal. How then, we ask, can the question of— guilty—or—not guilty—of illegal distillation, now be entertained? How can a law be made to bear upon the past—upon retrospective—and not upon prospective circumstances? Looking at the moral bearings of the case, we ask, why were not ample and effective provisions made to prevent the Distillers being allured by the temptations before them. When the question of permitting Colonial Distillation was first entertained, why were not the restrictions by the Government, through the medium of its officers, such as would prevent the wrong, which it is now urged, has been repeatedly committed. It would surely be charitable to take a stranger from the streets, and afford him shelter, but who would think of placing him, for that purpose, in a room in which he would be surrounded by every kind of allurement to error. Besides, we know that to evade the revenue laws of auy country, has never been considered a moral crime. In this case, it is evident, that after six months, it became an offence which no longer could be recognised as such, by the law. How then can it noiv be made one, how thea can it, unless as a measure of expediency, and not of justice—be made to operate? On this subject we must speak clearly and plainly,—does any man believe that the sentence past on the unfortunate man Shiers, who, with others, avail themselves of the temptation placed before them at Macnuarie Harbour, and thereby effected their deliverance without violence, or blood shed, could have ever been carried into effect without implicating the Government in a charge of murder. Certainly not—for it is now- generally understood, that the prevention of crime, or offence of any kind, is as much the duty of the Government, as is its punishment. But we will keep to the point nearer home to the question of the Issue Bill. His Excellency has said, in his minute, that it could not be expected that a calculation for a three years remuneration, should be founded upon profits illegally produced, or, in other words, by frauds upon the revenue; but we contend, that unless by an ex post facto law made for the purpose, no frails upon the revenue can now be brougWf to bear upon the distillers' inLerests. It may, it is ivue, be an unfortunate circumstance,, for the public funds that it should be so, but His Excellency must be content (if lie is disposed to act justly) to do as many others have been obliged before him, to take the least of two evils. It will add more to the character of his Government to meet this difficulty opeuly and boldly, and, even at the expence of a few extra thousands of pounds, than attempt to evade it by making laws to bear upon the past, and not upon the future. We lament the position in which he has placed himself, l'or we see no way by which he can be extricated, except through the means of the independent members of the Council, who, however, we feel assured will do their duty. It is a question that has gone on rapidly increasing in its importance, and it has become one to which all persons look with extraordinary iuterest. We have space for only further to observe, that by the result of this question, we shall see who are, and who are not, deserving the public confidence, for there has never been one yet agitated in the Legislative Assembly of this Colony, in which the best interests of the people are more deeply, or more seriously involved. The Launceston Advertiser reminded us last week that we have not copied from its columns a letter from the West Indies on the working of the Abolition System there, which had, in truth, escaped our recollection. We subjoin it now ; observing, at the same time, that our contemporary, as it appears to us, has evaded, rather than met, our concurring remarks on his observations on Lord Durham's Report. We never dreamt of saying that his Lordship gave the identity of his suggestions with English precedent at Home, as ^an ultimate justification of them;—this would be like the serjeant in one of Walter Scott's novels, whose only and ultimate reason for calling his muster-roll was his Captain's orders. But we do say, that the whole strain of Lord Durham's reasoning in his Report is that the nearer the Canadian Institutions are made to the English, the more appropriate will they be, and the more nearly perfect. Thus, he recommends a Legislative, not a Federal. Union, because it is English, and not American, for here he even expressly points the antithesis. He recommends two Legislative bodies, because this is English;—and the Upper one not to be elective, which last feature, he says, would destroy its utility,— a sly blow, though not expressly so labelled, against the American Constitution. Again, he recommends the Governor's Council of Advice to be made responsible in local mattes to the local community, because this too is English;—and a Central Court of Appeal, because this is English;—and he expressly states that his object in thus centralizing authority, (tempering its administration at the same time by municipal and other Institutions as in both England and America), is to inspire the United Provinces with an English and Monarchical spirit, in opposition to an American and Democratic one. If these are not compliments to English Institutions, and deference for the precedents set by them, and a pride in their existence, and a love for their results, becoming an English Nobleman and Statesman to shew, and an English Community to appreciate and respond to, we know not what is;—and we repeat our wish that the Tories had shewn the same, or that the Whigs would do so now. The Colonies would soon be at once more English and more happy. We now subjoin the letter from the West Indies; and, as containing the history of a termination from compulsory to free labour, we recommend it to the particular attention of our readers. We regret to say that the latest accounts from Jamaica are not so cheering;—but there are plainly other elements at work there than a mere change irt the relations between capital and labour. The Dragooning System towards the high, which usually accompanies a compulsory one towards the low, seems to have broken down with it; and all parties are at sea without a compass in their new position :— Barbadoes, Dec. 26, 1838. I gave yon in my last some account of the manner in which the Bret day of emancipation came and went in this island. We very soon afterwards received similar accounts from all the neighbouring islands. In all of them, the day was celebrated as an occasion " of devote thanksgiving and praise to God, for the happy termination of slavery." In all of them, the change took place in a manner highly creditable to the emancipated, and intensely gratifying to the friends of liberty. The quiet, good order, and solemnity of the day were everywhere remarkable. Indeed, it is a fact worth remtmbe; ing, that whereas, in former years, a single day's relaxation from labour was met by the slaves with shouting, and revelry, and merry-making; yet now, when the last link of slavery was broken, sobriety and decorum were especially the order of the day 1 The pei feet order and subordination to the laws, which marked the first day of August, are yet unbroken. We have now nearly five months' experience of entire emancipation ;• and I ventuie to say, that aperiod of more profound peace never existed in the West Indies. There have been disputes about wages, as in New England and in other free countries; but no concert, no combination even here; and the only attempt at a combination was among the planters, to keep down the wages— and that but for a short time only- I will not enter particularly into the questions, whether or not the people will continue to work for wages, whether tluy will remain quiet,—or on the other hand, whether the island will be suffered to become desolate, and the freed slaves relapse into barbarism, S;c. These things have been speculated about, and gloomy predictions have had tlicir day : the time has now come for the proof, people uo not buy land and houses, and rent properties for long terms of years, in couclries where lite is insecure, or where labour cannot be had, and the tendency of things is to ruin and decay. In short, men, in their senses, do not embark on board a sinking ship. Confidence is the very soul of prosperity: of the existence of this confidence in this island, the immense operations in real estate, since the 1st of August, are abundant proof, There are multitudes ol instances in which estates have sold for 20,000 dollars more than was asked for them six months ago, and yet at that time they were considered very high. A proprietor who was persuaded a few weeks since to part with his estate for a very large sum of money, went and bought it back again, at an advance of 9,600 dollars. A great many long leases of property have been entered into. An,estate called " Edgecumbe," mentioned by Thome and Kimball, had been rented for twenty-one years at £2,000 sterling, equal to 9,600 dollars per annum. Another, after being rented for a high price, was re-let by the lessee, who became entirely absolved from the contract, and took 16,000 dollars forliis bargain. If required, I could give you a host of similar cases with the names of the parties. But it seems unnecessary. The mere impulse given t« the value of property in this island by emancipation, is a thing as notorious here as the fact of emancipation. But are not crimes more frequent than before ? I have now before me a Barbadoes newspaper, printed two weeks since, in which the fact is stated, that in all the country prisons, among a population of 80,000, only two prisoners were confined for any cause whatever! " But," says a believer in the necessity of colonization, " how will you get rid of the negroes!" I answer by adverling to the spectacle which is now seen in all the islands, of the former proprietors of slaves, now employers of free labourers, using every endeavour to prevent emigration. Trinidad, Demerara, and Berbice, want labourers. The former has passed a law to pay the passage money of any labourer who comes to the islaud, leaving him fiee to choose his employment. Demerara and Berbice have sent emigration agents to this and oilier islands, to induce the labourers to join those Colonies, offering high wages, good treatment, &c.; On the other hand, Barbadoes, Grenada St. Vincent, and all the old populous islands, individually and collectively, by legislative resolves, legal enactments, See., loudly p:ote«t that they have not a man to spare ! What is still better, the old island proprietors are on every hand building new houses for the peasantry, and, with great forethought, adding to tlicir comfort: knowing that tliey will thereby secure tlicir contentment on their native soil. As a pleasing instance of the good understanding which now exists between proprietors and labourers, I will mention, that great numbers of the former were in town on the 24ih, buying up pork, hams, rice,&c.;, as presents for their people on the ensuing Christmas—a day which has this year pa?sed by amid scenes of quiet Sabbath devotions, a stiiking contrast to the tumult and drunkenness offoimer times. I cannot close tins subject without bearing my testimony to the correctness of the statements made by our countrymen, Thome and Kimball. They were highly esteemed here by all classes, and had free access to every source of valuable information. If they have not done justice to the subject in their book, it is because the manifold blessings of a deliverance from slavery are beyond the powers of language to repre'ent. When I attempt, as I have done in this letter, to enumerate a few of them, I know not where to begin, or where to end. One must see, in order to know and fuel how unspeakable a boon these islands have received—a boon which is by no means confined to the emancipated slaves; but, like the dews and rains of heaven, it fell upon all the inhabitants of the land, bond and free, rich and poor, together. • It is a common thing here, when you hear one speak of the benefits of emancipation—the remark— that it ought to have taken place long ago. Some say fifty years ago, some twenty, and some that at any rale it ought to have taken place all at once, without any apprenticeship. The noon-day sun is not clearer than the fact, that no preparation was required on the part of the slaves. It was the dictate of an accusing conscience, that foretold of bloodshed, and burning, and devastation. Can it be supposed to be accidental circumstances, that peace and good will have uniformly, in all the Colonies, followed emancipation? It is not the broad seal of attestation to thatlieavenborn principle, " It is safe to do right V Dear brother, if you or any other friend to down-trodden humanity, have any lingering fear that the blaze of light which is now going forth from the islands will ever be quenched, even for a moment, dismiss that fear. The light, instead of growing dim, will continue to brighten. Your prayers for the safe and happy introduction of freedom, upon a soil long trodden by the foot of slavery, may be turned into praise—for the event has come to pass. Win n shall we be able to rejoice in such a consummation in our beloved America 1 How I long to see a deputation of slave holders making the tour of these islands. It would only be necessary for tlitm to u6e their eyes and ears. Argument would be quite out of place. Even an appeal to principle—to compassion—lo the fear of God— would not be needed. —Self-interest alone would dccide them in favour of immediate emancipation.— Ever your's W . K. HAVES. 