NATIONAL EDUCATION. In tlie columns of The Herald of Friday last, a letter appears from the pen of a Mr. James Fulleiiton, a minister of the Pres byterian persuasion. The letter is certainly written in any other than a Christian spirit, and the note of the Editor plainly shows that the original was more offensive than that published. The Bishop of Australia seems to have incurred the especial dis pleasure of Mr. Fullerton, because he does not approve of the comprehensive system which sectarian bigotry admires and proposes. We are not in the habit of flattering any person or party, and least of all are we disposed to pay unmerited com pliments to the Bishop of Australia: he, though our personal enemy, still claims justice at our. hands; and as far as our feeble endeavours can avail, they shall not be wanting in vindicating |he course his Lordship will unquestionably adopt on the subject of public education. We have, and we will still continue to support the Bishop, where we think him right; and wherp we thinkJiim in error, we shall not scruple to expose and condemn the error. The Bishop of Australia would be, in our estimation, a traitor to his God and an enemy to his Sovereign, were lie to give his consent to any system of education in the slightest degree calculated to weaken the attachment of the rising generation to the principles of the Anglican Catholic Chufch. Mr. Fullerton has brought a charge against the Catechism of the Anglican Catholic Church which we-dofy him, with all his sectarian bigotry, to sustain. He says, " The children who attend the Epis copalian schools are compelled to worship in St. James Church, and learn that Catechism which teaches Baptismal Re- generation." Most emphatically do we deny that the Anglican Church teaches any such doctrine. We refer Mr. Fuller- ton to the twenty-seventh Article of the Anglican Church : that Article expressly declares " They that receive Baptism RIGHTLY cure grafted into the Church ; the promises of forgiveness of sins, and of our adoption to be the sons of God by the Holy Ghost are visibly signed and sealed ; faith is confirmed, and grace in creased, by virtue of prayer unto God." We should like to.know from Mr. Fuller- ton, by what process of reasoning he can make it appear that the Church teaches that a baptised infant, or adult, is spirit ually regenerated by undergoing the mere external form of baptism. " Tiiey that receive Baptism rightCy," says the Ar ticle, "are grafted into the Church." Now, the Church " is a congregation oj faithful men and none are truly ment- nuiiufbf sill ii iibbe— umwimp'.!.-""! bers of the visible Church of Christ who are not faithful, and those only who receive baptism rightly can become true and living members of the true and living Church. He is not a Jew who is a Jew outwardly : he is not a Christian who is a Christian outwardly : he only is a true and faithful Christian whose heart and affections has been changed or transformed by the power ofthe Holy Ghost. This, Mr. Fullerton, is the doctrine of the Anglican Catholic Church — of her Creeds, Catechisms, Con fessions, Articles, and Homilies; yes, and of her Liturgy and other formularies. We can assure Mr. Fullerton that his objections to tlie Pusey and Newmanite doctrines are not stronger than our own ; but we have reason to thank God that we have a written Liturgy, Creeds, and Articles to refer to, by which the doctrines of the Church are to be estimated, and not by the speculative opinions of this or that individual. The religion of the Anglican Church is the religion of the Bible, which is, as it ought to be, our only standard of faith — in things in themselves indifferent, it is that the Anglican Church assumes the right to pre scribe — but let Mr. Fullerton bear iu mind that those tilings which are of them selves " things indifferent ," do not become binding upon members of the Anglican Church, without the consent of the Church expressed by the representatives of the Church in Parliament assembled. The Anglican Catholic Church in this colony is by far the more numerous body; the number of Sectaridns and Papists who are free, form but a fractional part of the whole population of New South Wales. The feelings and wishes of convict parents have no right to be considered or consulted upon the question of education. The Government has a right to legislate for the majority, not the minority ; and if gra tuitous education is to be conferred by the Government upon what known principle of equity or legislation can a very trifling minority claim a right to legislate for a majority. If a public system of Education is to be instituted in this colony, supported by the revenue derived from the taxes imposed by law upon the community of this colony. We say, that numerically and financially the Anglican Catholic Church has a right to demand that the system should be one, to say the least, not opposed to her prin ciples. We put it to Mr. Fullerton us a minister of the Established Church of Scotland (if as we presume he be such), whether he would sanction a public system of Education for Scotland, which was directly opposed to the principles of the Church, of which he is a minister? Why, then, should he contend in this colony for a system which he knows full well aims directly at the subversion of the Anglican Church. We regret extremely to feel our selves called upon to combat with a minis- ter of the Church of Scotland ; for, as we have on a former occasion observed, we entertain the highest degree of respect fqr the doctrines of the Church of Scotland, however we may differ from them in other matters. The brightest ornaments of the Scotch Church at home have lately evinced a desire to co- operate with their elder sister, tlie Anglican Church. Why should there be any difference of sentiment in this colony ? But if a jealous spirit of rivalry is to govern the proceedings of those who appear to be anxious about public Educa tion, let each sect receive from the Go vernment assistance commensurate with its respective numerical claims, leaving to the Anglican Church the right to educate the children of convicts. If what Mr. Fuller- ton states be true, that Bishop Broughton lias given his sanction to an underhand covert system of obtaining signatures to a petition against the meditated system of public Education, we do say that His Lordship is acting in a manner unworthy of the Church, and disgraceful to himself. And we agree with Mr. Fullerton in saying, that Petitions thus procured, how ever numerously signed, deserve no con sideration from Government. Let Bishop Broughton convene a public meeting, and submit to that meeting a peti tion, and then to suit public convenience, let there be printed copies of that petition left at suitable places for signature ; and let" the copy be tnken from house to house, for the purpose of procuring signatures if he pleases ; such a course is perfectly legiti mate. In country districts it is almost im possible to procure a public meeting ; and, therefore, it is perfectly fair to send or take the petition to the residence of the people. We are decided enemies to un derhand measures, if the end sought be a i just one ; it can lose nothing by publicity — " In secret have I done nothing." For our i own part, so far from taking any covert ' means to obtain signatures, we would strongly advise that every petition of the kind should be subjected to a searching r scrutiny, with a view to ascertain the amount of value to which each subscriber is entitled. Wo beg to assure the Bishop of Australia, and our other ministers, that they have nothing to dread from the straightforward course wc recommend. Mr. Fullerton, and those who think with him, may rest assured, that we are as anxious as they to see a safe and compre hensive system of. education established ; but we should be cowardly traitors to our avowed principles, were we to give our sanction to any system, calculated, in it? nature, to weaken the influence of the Established Church. We are not at this moment prepared to say that a united catechism could be com piled to meet the scruples of the two Churches of England and Scotland, but if this can be done by conceding on either side a few non-essential points, we should rejoice exceedingly. We have long thought that such a thing is possible — beyond this, however, we would not concede a fraction to any party. The Methodistical Editor of The Colonist asserts, that catechisms, are useless, except as a mechanical exercise of memory — few men of any reflection or experience will, we believe, subscribe to that doctrine. Where is the man or woman who has entirely forgotten the nursery stories of its infant years—" Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it. Early impressions are seldom, if ever effaced, and if care be taken to implant sound and virtuous im pressions on the infant mind, in maturer years, we may expect to gather good fruit. We could cite numberless instances in proof of our position, from the time of righteous Abel down to our own, but it is unnecessary — the authority of scripture with us is conclusive. Catechetical in structions has been proved to demonstration to be .the most efficient, and, therefore, we do most conscientiously approve of the Bishop of Australia's determination to re sist any system of education that excludes our church catechism. 