THE NUMBER OF THE BEAST. I To the Editor of the Sydney Standard. June 22, 1839. ; Sib, — Having seen in your paper of the 10th instant, an article thus headed ; I think it my > duty also to contribute as much as in my power : to the heist's overthrow. ; The Romans say that their Church is founded ; on St. Peter by tlte Saviour's declaration ; and, | on this they lay , their claim to being the true ; Church. ' 'It is a positive falsehood, that Christ founded \ the Church on St. Peter ; he never did it, or said it was to be done. Christ asked " whom say ye that I am? John answered, " Christ, the son of the living God ;" Jesus said, " Blessed i; art thou Simon Barjonu, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in lleaven, and I say also unto thee, f that thou art Peter, and upon this rock— not upon Peter, although Iris name does. signify a stone, | but the rock of God's revelation, also called the !- Holy Ghost. — I will build my. Church, and the | gates of Hell shall not prevail against it." The 1' gates of Hell did afterwards prevail against Peter ; to deny Christ, so that lie could not be the rock. The Pope also claims l.is power of sending men to Heaven or Hell, as St. Peter's successor, j because Christ said, ' And I will give unto thee llie keys of the kingdom of Heaven, and what soever thou slialt bind in earth shall be bound in -Heaven, and whatsoever thou slialt loose on earth shall be loosed in Heaven." But the Pope and the Romanists must either be egregious idiots, or else great hypocrites, if tiiey cannot or will not understand (alter reading in St. John, that people will be judged by j Christ's word), that committing the preaching of the gospel to Si. Peter vras giving him the keys i of Heaven and Hell, because the gospel is the key to lleaven ; so that Peter having preached the gospel, if people believed, lie opened Heaven for them , if tliey disbelieved, he opened Iiell for them. But truly Christ never gave St. Peter i any arbitrary power of sending to lleaven or Iiell as he chose. " If the Romanists will not, or can not read the gospel in the true light, it is useless for yon to print, or for them to write for their sakes ; but as others may see the truth, if you .please, I think I can send you some more true explanations of passages that I have either never seen noticed, or not properly explained. Yours, truly, PROTESTANT. 