TRYING TO PLEASE EVERY BODY. HINTS TO EDITORS. ONE reader cries;-your stra'in's too grave, Too much morality you have, Too much about religion: Give me some witch and wizard tales, -Of slip-shod ghosts ivithfinos and si l es And feather like aspigeon.., I love to read, another cries~- , , . -Those monstrous fashionable lies.-. In other words thosi:ndvels,. Composed of kings, and priests, and lords, .Of border wars,and Gothichordes&: ,?! : That used to lfve in hiovels. N??o,'no, cries'one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff To craze the fair creation; -Give us some recent foreign news ..- - .- °" 10 t Of Russians, Turks, the Poles, or Jews, Or any o!her nation. The man of dull Scholastic lore'- " Would like to see a little more Of first- rate scraps of Latin; The grocer fain would learn te preic ' { •Ot tea and sugar, fruit and rice;: The drapersiik and satin. ' .Another.cries, I want more fun, -A witty anecdote or pun,- -.: A rebus or,a riddle; -Sonie wish for parliamentary news,: .'" And some, perhaps, of .wiser views, Would riather bear a .-fiddle. The critic too,of classic skill, Must dip in gall his gander.quill, S And scrawl against the paper . : Of all the literary fools,.. - - Bred in her.colleges and schools, ..;: i He cuts the greatest caper., : :. . * Another:criesi 1-want to see : : A jumbled-up variety, Variety in all things A miscellaneous bodge-podge print," *Composed, I only give the hint, Of multifarious small thirigs..? I want somemarriage news, says miss, It constitutes my highest bliss To hear of weddings plenjy; TFor in a time:of general rain None stiffer from a drought, 'tis plain,? At least not one in twenty. I- I want to -hear of deaths, says one, :Of people totally undone ' >.. By. osses, fire, or-fever;- Another answers, full -as wise,: i'd rather have the fall and rise Of racoon skins and beaver. :Some signify a secret wish For now and then a favourite dish Of politics to suit them.; . But here we resi at perfect ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese, . We never should confute them. Or grave, or humourous, wild or lame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same, Too haughty or too:humble;. : So, 'brother Editors, pursue \- The path that seems the best to you, ..And let the grumblers grumble. i " 