WAR WITH RUSSIA, OR FRANCE, OR BOTH. The following comparative view of the Navies of Russia, France, America, and Great Britain, we extract from the Li verpool Mail of the 18th December. For the present we defer our remarks upon the subject, and indeed until the time has passed when we shall have laid before the public another account, relative more particularly to the condition of the American ajid British Navies. Tt gives a flat contradiction to the miserable state- oi the British Navy, as particularised "in a previous number of the same paper. The public are now beginning to address their attention to the important question — one of which is, indeed, forced upon then-considera tion — viz. — what would the country do if a declaration of war were to be issued against it by France or Russia, or by these two power.': united? The natural and ready answer of an lionesr Britain \yould be— Fight! Yes, there would be r.o alternative; for fight we must, or go down on our bended knees, after tlie manner oi Lord Brougham on tlie Reform Bill, and beg for mercy and peace, like arrant and iicaiicbo jJuiiTUOiio TIC xiuive uu orpHCjjciiaiuuh on the score of eow;ardice, except among certain W-higs of the turnspit and- poodle kind, who always bark loudest when there is least to fear. Tlie stamina of the country is sound; the heart and roots of the tree are fresh and vigo rous ; and we are satisfied that, should the ne cessity ari:>e, there will be found courage, reso lution, and resources sufficiently ample to defend old England and her colonies, once more, against the world united in arms. But this is only anticipating the results of another contest with France or Russia. As, Russia quailed before France, and France in its turn quailed before Russia, and both before England, in the last European struggle, so we have no doubt but that, if all the continental states were to "fight their battles over again, the end would be, atf regards this country, the same as it was in 1814 and 1815. But it is, premature to glance at conclusions when we have not yet considered the probable effects .ol the first thunderbolt, the extent of the ravages at the outset, and the preliminary disaster, be fore any of that 'redeeming bravery and over-1 whelming force which this country has hitherto always had at her command, couid be brought into the field. To England, we say, the com., mencement of hostilities with either of the great powers alluded to would be disastrous in the extreme ; and, if the United States were to join our assailants, a stroke of policy quite worthy of that grasping and perfidious re public, the beginning of the contest would be' the severest part of it, for it would be ruinous to our trade and commerce in every Dart of tht world. To tell tlie melancholy truth, England, at the present moment, is totally defenceless. Where. her wealth lies, where her. capital is accumulated, where her machinery abounds, where science and art have worked almost miraculously in the condensation of her "riches and resources, there is she most vulnerable, ii not absolutely unprotected. /This is a lamentable state of things, but it is top true. Out once splendid and unrivalled navy, the wooden walls of old England, oui pride, our glory, our defence, is now so dis mantled, so neglected, so pinched by ignorance, and starved by false economy, that if we wert attacked to-morrow, by Frauce1 or Russia, it would hardly be of auy use in defeating oi resisting tlie invading force. If the two fleets were in alliance, and acting against us, all the ships we have in commission, all the guns we could briug-to bear, supposing them to be well manned, which they are not, could not prevent the combined enemyfrom landing fifty thousand men upon the Essex or Kent coast, could not cover -London, could not prevent tlie capturi and the plunder of the British 'metropolis! -The Mersey, . certainly, is .not so much in tin track of the French And Russian fleets as the . Thames; and its banks and intricate naviga tion, particularly if the lights were altered and the buoys removed, might place obstacles in the way of a naval armament, or a roving squadron; still we see nothing to prevent a successful attack upon Liverpool, and the_ total destruction of its shipping and warehouses, in the present dilapidated state of the royal navy — a "royal navy" that is, if not utterly con temptible, ' quite inadequate to protect our mercantile marine, our ports, or our commerce) either at home, or in our most distant, sadly' exposed, but valuable possessions. To illustrate some of the statements we have thought it necessary, though it be painful to make, we borrow from an admirable exposition of our naval affairs, addressed to the Duke oi Wellington, by .a " flag officer." The pamphlet: to which we allude has not been, printed -for «ale, But a friend has favoured Us with a copy of it, and we take the following extracts:— russian baltic fleet. Captain Crauford reports the Russian navy in the Baltic, in tlie year 1836, to be 3 three- deckers, rated 110 guns; 6 two-deckers, carry ing 84 guns; and 18 of 74 guns;'a raseeof 56 uns ; a frigate of 52 guns, and 17 frigates of 44 guns; 3 large corvettes, and a number of smaller vessels;- all- well nianned,and so expert, (from some of their officers having served with our fleet), that lie observes, '5 it is quite aston ishing." He speaks of a ship of 130 guns to be launched in 138, and one of 81, and ano ther of 74 building; this will make their Baltic fleet 30 ships of the line, besides frigates, all ready in the summer topass over to England. THE natal force of france. France has 11 ships of the line, first class, 126 guns; 23 second class, 86 guns; 23 third class, 82 guns. This forms a total of 57 ships, nearly everv one of theui built since 1818. Be- ;ides this, France lias 40 frigates, first class, aacli. of 60 thirty-six pounders; 10 frigates, each of 46 thirty -six pounders; 15 frigates, third classeach of 32 "guns; 10 frigates, fourth olass, of 26 guns; 24 corvettes, each from 20 tb 32 guns ; 16 guu-brigs, 27 steamers, the majority of 160 horse power, and each of them well aimed. In her arsenals there are nearly 1000 guns and carronadss for the naval service, enough to fit out 51 ships of the line, 20 fri gates, and 20 corvettes. Tlve 57 sliipS of war (of the three classes) wlieli France now lias in commission, or ready fiirit, are the following: Ships of the Line, Erst Class, 126 Guns.— L'Oeean, , L'Austerlitz, Le Majestneux, Le Wagram, Le Montebsllo, Le Squveran, Le- Frocadero, La Commerce, La Freidland, Le Louis XIV, La Ville de Paris. Ships of the Line Second Class, rated at 86 Guns, but mounting 100. — Le Jena, Le Foud- oyant, Le Diadema, Le Duquesne, Le Magni- ique, Le Santi Petri, Le Neptune, L'Algesiras, Le Suffrein, Le Jupiter, Le-Tage, L'Hercule, Le Jemappe, Le Fleurus, L'Ulin, Le Dugnoy- Frouiu, L'Hannibal, Le Turene, Le Henri IV. Le Navarin, L'Ajax; Le Bucentaure L'Eole. Ships of the Line, 3rd Class, 82 Guns. — Le Tourrille, Le Veteran, Le Triton, Le Marengo, Le Trident, Le Scipion, La Ville de Marseilles, L'Orion, Le Superbe, L'Alger, Le Genereux, Le Dugiicsclin,-La Couronne, Le Breslau, Le Nestor, Le Bavrard, L'Alexanilre, L'Achille, Le Fontenoi, L'lnflexible, Le Dioiuede, L'. Hector, Le Jean-Bart. Every ship of the line is provided with 4 howitzer cannon, eighty poundi-rs, called a la gaixhans. Every frigate of the first class is to have 2 of eighty; steam- boats of 160 horse power, 3 of eighty, frigates of the second and third classes, sloops and brigs 4 of thirty. The French dock-yards are spoken of, by Fnrrticlv /vHt/idpc wKn Iiova vicitDf f Imni oc Vi£»in«r UllgllOU omplete in storey, and, no doubt, in men, by .he number of ships they have launched. The Moniieur contains M. Charles Dupin's . eview of a report on the present state of the French navy, presented to the minister of marine by Baron Tupinier, member of the Board of Admiralty, &c.;, but of which we have -iot, at this moment, time nor space to give a lengthened notice. From this document, it ippears that the Freneh government could, immediately on the occurrence of war, increase che naval force actually at sea, namely 22 sail if the line and 36 frigates, to 40 sail of tlie line and 50 frigates; that besides the seamen necessary to man this large additional force,, there would remain a surplus of 15,000 men to form the crews of vessels oi minor rates or size. It further appears tliata roy ai ordinance of the 1st of February, 1837, directed that there be kept' up, or advanced towards construction, a reserve of 13 sail of tlie line and 16 fiigates, by which tlie force .at sea could be further raised to 53 sail of the ling and 66 frigates, ind that the number of war steamers should be fixed at 40, of which 16 are now in "com mission, and J3 more rapidly proceeding to wards completion. the american navy.. List of the American Navy, 1838,74 Gtyis. — Franklin, Washington, Columbus, Ohio, N. Carolina, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Alabama, Vermont, Virginia, New York, four last building." The Pennsylvania and iwo of the others (nominally 74's) rn&unt; 146 gun£; most of the others 100, as two-deckers, with a complement of lOOOmeu. !' ' , Frigates, First Class. — The Independence, (rasec),64guns, thirty-two pounders, built 18 J 4. 44 guns, United Stiies, Constitution, Guerriere, Jata. (Tocse 4 ingates can' mount ou guns; twenty-four pounders oh her main decks.) Po tomac, Brandy winc,Hudson, Columbia, Lantse, - Cumberland, Sabiue, Savannah, Raritan, St. Lawrence. (These 10 frigates can mount 60: thirty-two 'pounders, Lthey are superior to our : 74's.) Six last building. : Frigates Second Class, 36 Guns.— Constel lation, Macedonian. Sloops of War, 24 Guns. — John Adams,' Cyane. Most of tlie following ships mount 24- long twenty-four pounders, and have 250 men: — 18 . Guns. — Erie, Ontario, Peacock, Lexington,; Boston, Vincennes; Natchez, Falmouth, Fair- lield, Vandalia, St. Louis, Warren, Concord,1 Schooners, 12 Guns.— Dolphin, Shark, En terprise, Boxer, Sea Gull, Grampus, Experi ment, Porpoise, Fox. Some of the ships in commission have two- thirds Englishmen in their crews. The Egyptian squadron, which is cruising lately, amounted to 9 ships of 100 guns, and 6 frigates of sixty besides some -building. The officers of our ships in-the Mediterranean speak of the fine order these ships are in, and their good practice. If they become enemies, they are not to be despised. English Builders.— It is proverbial in our navy, that we can scarcely build tiyo ships alike — that we have not enough tried to copy the French superb line-of battle ships. The Canopus was taken at the Nile; forty years iigo; we have only built the Asia and Ganges, and perhaps a couple more after her. The Pwnnli shine irrv their lnivfir.rleck Yinrtsmimli nigher than ours; they are stiffer; while many -if our ships are crank — the greatest possible defect in a ship. Russia and France alone- have, of the ships enumerated in the above list, no less than from sixty to seventy sail of heavy ships of the line, and about thirty or forty frigates, many of sixtv guns, " IN COMMISSION; ALL FULLY ARMED AND MANNED FOR WAR " ! ! ! The state of the - American navy speaks for itself. The base artifice of rating a ship as on ly of 74 guns whien she actually carries double that number, is strongly characterestic of the wily and covert policy of the government oi Washington, and the people of a free country. In contrast with these opposing appearances and formidable realities, let us contemplate the naval strength of Great Britain. It consists of fifteen sail ' of the line, and four or five large frigates, with a few small frigates of no use whatever, and the sooner converted into fire wood, the better. We printed the list some time ago; but it cannot be too often repeated and exhibited to the gaze of our deluded and insane countrymen. We borrow again from a Flag Officer": — Qf these fifteen, one ship, the Hercules, 74, is at present without the ,lower-deck guns, having a regiment on board from Gibraltar to the West Indies; she leaves the regiment there, an'd takes another on board for Halifax; she cannot be reckoned as a 74 for three or four months. The turning our ships into troopers is much to be deprecated, and should never be done but upon an emergency; it disorganises a ship completely, and it is not fair to the men. The old 46 gun frigates, of which there are too many, and too small to cope with the enemies' 60 gun frigates, would make excellent troo pers, like the Apollo. The ships of the line in commission are these: Brittania, 120, not half armed, or a quarter manned, and delects to make good. Flagship at Portsmouth. Howe, 120, not half armed; or a quarter manned, aud defects to make good. Flagship at Sheerness. Royal Adelaide, 104, not half armed, or & quarter manned, and defects to make good. Flagship at Plymouth.. Princes Charlotte, 104. (A small inferior ship.) Flagship in the Mediterranean. Asia, 84, Rodney, 92, Vanguard, 80, Belle- rophon, 80, Pembroke, 74, Minden, 74, Tala- vera, 74, Hastings, 74, in the Mediterranean. Donegal, 78, Flagship at Lisbon. Russell, 74, at Lisbon. Hercules, 74. At present no lower-deck guns, and carrying troops. Cornwallis 74. American station, compri sing all the West Indies. Malabar, 74. Ditto, ditto. Wellesley, 74, East Indies, half manned and half armed. Melville, 74. Cape, Ditto, ditto. , Edinburgh, 74. Mexico. We have now placed before our readers a plan and simple digest of the state of the Bri tish navy at a juncture the most perilous for the empire — when, while we have slept, our enemies have been diligent— wrhen while we have been drunk with reform and revolution, they have sealed our walls— when, while we have been dallying with seditions priests, and domestic traitors, and political impose rs 'and swindlers of every description, the foe has beer rearing his ramparts to overawe us, driving his mines to the very walls sf our citadel, man ning liis fleets, pointing his guns and exercis ing his seamen, for one sole, deliberate, darling and determined object— the conquest or the destruction of England! Oh, shade of Nel son, if you could but see those bulwarks which once floated victorious on every sea, carrying the banners of the queen of the ocean, l.ov UtllC U1U16 1112111 UbClChb llURUCl 111 UU1 UUlill yards, their former statemight only be known b\ their rotten remains, like the skeleton or gran of a giant — j'ou would indeed mourn for youi country, lament the " evil days which she liai fallen upon, and throw the scowl of an indig- lient spirit towards the miserable caitiffs, tlu scum ol faction, and the dross of political convulsions, who has been permitted to revel in office at the expense of the honour and in terests of the British nation! But it is iu vain to repine. The bolt is sped—the deed is done; and if we can repair the injury already done, or prevent the consequences which must follow, by any renewed and more manly efforts, there is not, we , can tell our countrymen, a single moment to lose. Van "Diemen's Land.— By tlie late arrivals; we have received Hobort Town journals to the 20th ult. inclusive. The ivntxoiv /inntain tiA itifntmriohnn tnot ic nf nnv |lU|/C/JOt/Uiitutii iiv amivi muM vk timi ao v» uiaj interest to our readers, except the state oi tlie markets, which we give under the propei head. Port Phillip. — We have received oui files of Melbourne journals to the 20th ult., from which we shall give extracts in oui next. ' Birth Day Ball! — Invitations, we un derstand, have not been issued to persons resident at a greater distance than one day's journey from Sydney. We are authorised, however, to say, that gentlemen,. Irom a greater distance, who are in the habit of visiting at Government House, will receive cards for themselves aud lainilies, provided they leave their names and address (ii. Sydney) at Government House, on an) da) before the 24th instant. Arabin's Benefit takes place to-morrov evening, " under the patronage of the United, Australians, in honour of whom the Flag.- of the Colony will be exhibited." As wi have done to all those of the corps drama- tique who have pveceded him in their bene fits, we wish him the encouragement lu- deserves. Arabin, although not a fivst- rater, is still a deserving and an improving actor is always ready in his parts, and without lilcH, IlCuiluUvll iY U .LU IS klUlllvlllUCO Ulvol painfully noticed iu others. The pieces selected are Tom Cringle's Log, and Wal lace, the Hero of Scotland. Model of Hobart Town. — Mr. Peck, the proprietor of the above model, has arrived from Hobart Town, having shipped the miniature town on board the Medway. hourly expected from that port. The Med way lias, since writing the above, arrived in port. We hear from Windsor that the late rains have produced a very great and pleasing alteration in the appearance of that neigh: bourhood ; much grain has been sown, and much more would have been sown by tht poorer settlers, but they are, in a great many instances, without seed ; a circum stance much to be regretted, particularly at this time when so desirable an 1 opportunity is afforded. We trust the government wih see the necessity of immediately affording them a supply before it is too late. The roads in that neighbourhood are still re ported as being in a very bad state, and in many places particularly dangerous. The Military Theatrical Amateurs ol Windsor amused the good folks of that UJWiJ) viii j j iua> e\ cmug, . tuc oiu iiiauuu, by performing the Comedy of the Rival Valets, with the humorous Farce of Raising the Wind, interspersed with some good singing- We aTe told mat the characters were particularly well sustained, and that the amusements of the evening went off with great eclat and pleasure. The Colonel of the Regiment was present, who, together with a very respectable . company, testified their approbation of the performance, and departed perfectly satisfied with the enter tainment. , For the Town Surveyor. — There is a gutter cut in the centre of the pavement in each of the market buildings, for the pur pose, it is conjectured, of carrying off the water used in washing out the various stalls. Now, the liquid filth that at times flows ovei tHn ctAiic mi tn flip nnthwnv- line nftan heart spoken of as a disgraceful nuisance, to say nothing of the destruction to the footway by the water continually passing over its sur face, sometimes so plentifully as to create on a market day, when the traffic is great, a complete mud pool. On observing the improvements at the north end of the build ings, by building a sewer in front, close to the curbing, we fully anticipated there would have'been a small "drain covered over with a grating at the entrance from the market, so that the filth might pass into the common sewer, thus putting an end to the nuisance now so much complained of ; it is not yet too late to do something to remedy the evil Sydney Police. — A more disgraceful occurrence than what took place last Sunday, in Phillip-street, during divine service, has seldom come to our knowledge. It appears that a man, habited as a sailor, was going into the Emigrant buildings, when lie was stopped by a constable xvho said he was drunk. The man denied the charge, and out of this arose, some words, when two other constables having joined the first one, commenced dragging the accused to the .vatch-liouse; who very naturally, though oolishly, remonstrated and resisted; the :onsequence. was that they commenced oeating him, and eventually knocked him down, and when down, one of them, a tall ruffianly-looking fellow, with a glazed cover on his- hat, very deliberately commenced punching the poor wretch on the bare head with a bludgeon, by the way, we suppose, ol quieting him. Consequent upon the alii ay another person was brought into a scrape, who was also most brutally used, and actu ally lodged iu durance. Now, we should like to ask, whj, when an additional force was brought to die assistance of three con stables. tliey didjnot handcuff the man, and carry him to the watch-house P And why, in the case of thj second man, they did not (as remarked by Colonel Wilson, who came up at the close of act 2nd) tie his legs or hands ; iii which case they (the consta bles) would have been saved the trouble of dragging him |>n his back along the streets, and that during the hours of divine service, past the Chureji, the congregation of which rinct Itnuis Iippti miuh prlifipfl liv tlifi nrifts >f the man, whether drunk or sober matters lot-mow. If four constables, armed with :heir batons, are' not able or willing to con vey one man (the more drunk the more helpless) to the watch-house, distant only a ;ew 100 yards, the sootier tliey are dismissed -he police, as ineffiaeut old women, the better. Altogether, t was the most dis graceful, brutal, arid uicalled for aggression ve have been painei by witnessing for a length of time, even ii Sydney. Escapefrom Custody. — -Thomas Casey, i runaway, who was' sentenced to twelve months to an ironed gtng for being illegally in Mr. Aldis s premses, on Friday last, made his escape froii the watch-house on that night, through tip negligence of those in charge of the lock-iip. The ruffian was heard to vow venseanie ' on those who had brought him to justice; and there' is no doubt he will put liisthreat into execution, if he has but an oppqtunity. On Sunday evening, he was seen,by several persons in the neighbourhood of jV illiam and Adelaide Place, loitering aboit in company with a man answering the description of him who 3scaped from the wabh-house on (he same night. Casey had «ri a broad-brimmed ilack hat, which cane very low over his forehead. There is 10 doubt the fellow is lurking still in the neghbourliood ; and we think a constable — a bold and courageous constable — should be jlaced nigh this resort for all the assigned savants in the neigh bourhood, and other disorderly follows, their chums anil acquaintames. Shameful HoAX.--On Friday evening ast, a gentleman whe landed himself in die " droves of Blarniy," bethought him self on a sudden that the folks ol Sydney iad not been visited with a good practical joke, iii the.sliape. of a hoax, for many a ong day, and set his confused tvits to work low to set the Metropolis in a " blazing " notion and consternation. After remaining thoughtful how lie should put the delightful icbem e in to exeuiti on for many moments, to his delight he exclaimed to himself, " I ; lave it at last, anl a capital joke it will be, ind a regular bereft lor the Doctors and ihe Coroner." Vitliout more ado, a trusty »inpssp.ii(T-pr whs (lisnatched to all tli£ U6Qr md comparatively " rt cipeless," com pounders of tnedcine, and broken limb adjusters, that theManager of the Victoria was about to gisp his last breath, not theatrically, but in reality, lie having drawn trazor across his throat, instead of his chin. No sooner hal the messenger related the fact to the firrt Surgeon on his mournfnl our, and givet the address, than. off' scam lered tlie Docor, with' bandages, &c.;, suit- ible for the pu'pose, to the no small delight of the General 'm the hoax, who had planted himself hard by to see how his scheme would work. Another, and another, and another Doctor was sent on thasarae mission to the same louse ; and judge, reader, of the amazemeif of the subject of this joke, when in came .umbling, one alter the other, it least half-a-dozen representatives of drugs uid chemicals, to sew up his throat. He is a matter of ourse laughed, but the advo cates of r//«bari looked glum, and as dark as a black draigbt, at the disappointment if being deprived of sewing up a "cut throat." Howiver, the " bottle imp " soon restored heirformer peace of, mind, and before they let . the scene of action, they were all prett f well " sewed up." But here lirl not the '-niaht's entertainments" end; for unless iome popular individual was made the subject of the sporter's invention, the " Growioi Blarney " would never again be visited: by a valiant Colonel ; so off went the man of hoaxes, at double quick >time, through1 the Streets, aud every constable that he met was told that the had cut his throat, and fll the police force was re quired to stop tie torrent of blood running down tlie road to Woolootnooloo ; off went avery map; ashe was made acquainted "with the " sad fale," like a shot from a riflle ; and before an hour bad transpired, the road leading to the aristocratical villas of the New South .Wales nobility was literally studded with breathless policemen. It so happened that just at the time (hat the men were half way, the started to. pay a nocturnal visit to the various police stations, 'llVx llim tliC dlllJULwU 1U1 LCj ii illvU v/ll oCUlll him, jumped over the hedges aud palings, fully believing that it was the — 's ghost. The — saw this movement of the men, but not knowing that they were in authority, very reasonably fancied they were some gang, looking out for "squalls." Spurs were now put to the charger, and at a full gallop he reached, Sydney, which he found iu the greatest confusion but when he entered the principal station- house, the keepers of which having heard the report, flew back with horror depicted on their countenances, at the sight of him they thought no more. " What means this, firs ?" said the living — . After many ilouhts as to whether they should reply to this interrogatory, which was made iii a sepulchral tone of voice, the whole matter was explained, and thus ended the serio- tragico-rcomico capital joke. ; Namoi River Murders.— Five abori- i ginal natives, of the names of Cooper, l Billy, Jemmy, Jacky, and Sandy, arrived by the steamer, yesterday morning, in cus tody, and were conveyed to the Sydney v gaol, on a charge of being concerned in the murder of two white men at the Namoi ;; River, in the district of Liverpool Plains. - They were committed by Mr. Mayne, at MaiilanJ, on the 3rd instant. It i"s to be ? hopfed, and we have no doubt the public , will join with us in the wish, that after the '/ great sacrifice of human life at a late session ' of the Supreme Court, when seven white > men were sentenced to be hanged, and were ' finally executed, for the alleged ( there was- no positive proof of their guilt — the evidence being simply " circumstantial, ' j murder of certain blacks, that these blood-thirsty : monsters (in heart and soul) now in' custody ' will be made to feel that they cannot, with impunity, outrage the laws, even beyond the bounds of the settled portion ol the r Territory. - : ' V 