EXTRACTS. THE REPORT OF THE LATE CONTRO VERSY. ,We intimated last week that a dispute had arisen relative to the publication of the report of the controversy between Messrs. Gregg and Maguire, and that several letters had appeared on the sub- ject. The quarrel promises to be one oi interminable length, for a voluminous correspondence has since taken place be- tween the principals, the reporters, and one of the publishers. Father Tom asserts that every material allegation made by by Mr. Cassidy respecting Mr. Gregg is correct, while the other two reporters, .with Mr. D. Hardy and Mr. Gregg, maintain the contrary. The following version of the origin of the dispute is thus stated in a pungent letter of Mr. Maguire of the 10th instant : " In your first letter (you perceive I give you an honourable identity with Mr. Cassidy), you say that of those speeches, to some fourteen pages of -which my excellent reporters now object, I did not nt first object to more than two short passages. Now, I like to take things in the spirit of them. 1 -rejoice in length and breadth views ; and T will admit thut whafyou here sity, through your report, .is true-I mean in the general -, and this it is nhicli «hows your point-blank absurdity-your miserable wunt of wisdom I read over the proof sheets of your speeches, Which then contained perhaps about ?©'oven pages of unspoken matter, in tho presence of a friend who was at the Rotunda -during the whole of-the discussion. Every now and then, we turned up our eyes in astonishment, involuntarily exclaiming - together, ' that never was spoken."* * But' what can we do V enid I : ?.the tbing'is so ingeniously amplified all through, that it would he endless to make objections. If we go on with them stell, we'must expect this. It is the price 'we pay for their .names. I don't see what we can .«io. 1 will make them a present of their verbiage ; who would be pestered reading it ?' So, even for peace sake, as before said, I «greed to your well ?conoocted afterthoughts. Y-our proof sheets were -een{ to you ; and after some fortnight or three 'weeks' delay, were returned with about (bree pages ?of new matter, which my reporters never saw. Still I made no objection to this. The same gentle- man was present with me when I was canvassing 'the 'matter. I meiely prowled, complained, and murmured ; hut still I said, ' Let it stand-let'it -stand.'_ The sheets were correoted according to *vour wish, and again returned to you. One would have expected them by return of post. But mark your folly, and let the Roman Catholics mark it "well. Here you had me. I had concealed every 'thing ; I find made no objeción«, or scarce any ; .I bad not taken the trouble of saying a word to my .reporters. When there had been on the platform confusion, hurrv, weakness, and want of point, you lind obtained in the leport, nerve, composure, 'force, excellence thumping severity-nil this was .?conceded to you-you had me, ns I snid before. "When you should hive returned your proofs in- stantly, there -was another three weeks' delay, and «t.longth a return of the proofs with a fresh demand 'for a page and a half of new matter, with other requirements involving u todd infringement of the rules which bound us together-with a rhodomon tmlo epistle, calling me Thom the Second, knave, Iiypociitp, madman, &c.; fice Thus when you 'might, by a little judgment-a little discretion -a little decency, hare hud my name without an objec- tion, or without-a cavil authenticating your fourteen additional pages, you did stupidly mid ridiculously drive me into n separate publication, und into tho -exposure of the whole afluir." This appears to be a rational and just -statement, and if so, it shows that Father Tom's subtlety overshot the mark, and .only tended to expose the weakness of a .cause which needed such expedients and such wariness to uphold it. The clerical sportsman has fallen in with a rival, whoso -perspicacity led him on the true scent, .and he has fairly hunted down his game, tyhile Father Tom is ." no where." But TVIr. Gregg never quits the field till he 'lias given the '. varmint" a clincher, and Jiere it is : " The public may judge of the animus of your Teport by one of my exceptions to it, to wit During your last speech there wob a very 'general 'hiss at something which you said -this provoked you, and you fell foul of the public, rating them in good sound terms. I remember the occurrence well, nnd I said within myself when you were scold jug the hisses ' that is not wise -, I should not like to commit myself in that sort of way.' I should think you felt this, and therefore your report gave 4)uite a new version of the matter. It ran thus ' Here the Rev. L. J. Nolan -(an apostate priest) hissed.' And then comes your scolding of the multitude transferred to the devoted head of my -friend, Nolan-a very ingenuous device no doubt. It was eiidently more judicious to represent your- self scolding the well scolded Mr. Nolan than -scolding a roora full of people. Well, in this case 2 only insisted that tbe words ' an apostate priest' should be put out, it is evident that they are the moro explanation of the reporter; yet my reporters informed me that this was refused. J am glad to ?perceive, however, that you have at length allowed yourself to be guided hy my judgment in.the affair, «s the words do not appear in your edition. StiH i 2 think Mr. Nolan has good reason to complain ' that you should hnvo taken the liberty of intro- ducing his name at all-of malinghim a scape-goat, to hear the fcrnth which you liberally bestowed upon lill 'in common, as is proved even by your .own version of your words. I say this shows the animus of your report. But it mny be asked, why , -did I not consent to bear your abuse, your delays, your endTesa corrections, interpolations, &o.; etc., end after all to give you the advantage whioh T ?at first conceded! I answer, because, firstly, J found you undeserving of every indulgence $ and because, secondly, since you so fairly put it into my power to do so, I determined to allow you siothing that you were not fairly entitled to, which might mitigate the exposure of the filthy horrors ?at the confessional. That monstrous, diabolical, odious tribunal, is an insult, a standing insult, to the God of Nature, who, as the apostle teaches, ha* given tis natural feelings to be our guide in the «ommon decencies of life. But in the confes- sional, the God of nature, decency, delicacy, the blush of modesty, the purity of virgin innocence, the venerable sanctity of connubial intercourse, even thing that is chaste, everything that is hal- lowed, everything that ii most sacred in h ii m nu Irorduct, is outraged, insulted, trampled on ; and a filthy and abominable set of Belial priests enabled In change the gi ace of God into lasciviousness. I 4ell you, Sir, 1 do expect that the confcssionsl will .lie very mainly instrumental in overthrow! ig your detestable system ; and wharf it is concerned I will {rive you no advantage ; I will concede to you .nothing that may break your fall. No, no, Sir ; the world must understand the amazing skill of our * orderly sergeants - out marvellously Skilful bache- lors, continually prying into the mybteries of married life., * Fie upon yo«, j ou dirty set-you filthy, abo- minable, hateful, detestable, vile crew-.you blind leaders of the blind ! No wonder that Ireland is degraded, when she is placed under the guidance of such a set of loathsome cross-exuminors. Well moy your bachelor brethren complain that you hi ought them under that rod of iron which the mighty Spirit of the living God has put into my bonds for your destruction.' But Mr. Gregg has applied himself only to one branch of his subject in this letter-namely, the folly of Priest Ma- guire, in refusing to comply with his reasonable request relative to the publica- tion of the report ; he promises, however, to espose his wichedness in another epistle, nnd to reply, seriatim, to the various -charges which have been advanced against ,liim, by Father Tom and his puppet, Mr. Cassidy.-Londondery Sentinel, Oct. 13. Popery and Pvseyism.-The Rev. ¡Hugh M'Neile, in his speech at Manchester on Fridny week, made the following remarks:-Calling 'on the clergy of England to join those of Ireland in 'resisting Popery, he said Le hoped they would eoroe with clean hands, remembering the saying of ? our Lord, " Physician, heal thyself." I never did, (comibuei îilr.'M'Neilt,) I ntrer will, with my «ves open, pslJíiWVexouae, or pfcutsjjVly .daub over licensed allu"»ési.ih_our o^"cbùj^\t\stiibflàlinie)nt. (Hear.) 'rfiarllieré ure such, no'flauest man vi ho Valúes hiS"TTil)Ie will tinre deny ;' and that we have been brought into the prtdicament we «re-in, that tjie necessity should bo so laid Upon iis'toJendei "¡our to rekindle a refofinftlion.BpiririrrjL'iigTimd,.is mainly attributable to this,' that .the cjirgy oflbe re- formed church of England, in years of carelessness, supineness, omi prosperity, have sought-their own rinso rather than the sn'vation of others-have wasted their time in balls, in parties," Í11 musical festivities, in preference to (cheers drowned the rest of the Sentence.) Oh, if wo woh'd »form at all, let us reform altogether, and let ds-'begin at home. I say then, Sir, that now, at th'ii |present time, another abuse has appeared amorig ourselves, and that in the unhallowed attempt et compromise which is held forth on every side-politically, it has been long rampant-we find now an attempt at Compromise in the very vitals of our spiritual doc- trine. And men of our own church, who have pie 'ged'themBelv-es before God that the doctrines of the church of Rome are vainly invented, danger- ous deceits, that this idea of transubstantiating bread into the body and blood of Christ is idolatry, to bo abhoned of nil true fathful Christians-¡men pledged to these and similar principles of the Church of England, are new proclaiming them- selves but half disciples of the .reformation-(hear from the chairman) ^mixing truth and falsehood in a jumble which deserves only to be tied on ns a rider to the Council of Trent-(hear, hear)-spoil- ing both Popery and Protestantibm-(bear, hear) -for thov liavo not dared to put forth the assump- tion which alone gives consistency to Popery m all its length-and. breadth, while they have put forth the poison, that leaven which adulterates and neutralizes Protestantism. If Protestantism be what they call it, it is not wortlu having. (Cheers.) Wo then, Sir, to give our testimony .weight, must,'as all other men, bo honest, and let our testimony be broad. _ I confess, while'-I feel how painful it is on every side to be obliged to say such things, and while I see clearly the unfair advantage that the enemies of our church will take of snch statements from one of her own ministers-while'I see all this, I am not one to he deterred by any apprehendedcon sequenoes from telting the truth;,and.! believe, !-ir, that in the long run more 'damage will be done to the cause of half-and-half measure, which leaves the impression of some lurking d-shonesty in the speaker, and leaves it as a handle against us thatwe aie only party men against error. Therefore, I have so far enlarged my testimony, before I invite to co- operation,- Londonderry Sentinel, Oct, 13. Emigration to New South Walks. The ship Susan, of Liverpool, has arrived in this port, to convey emigrants, at the expense of government, to New South Wales. She is a fine vessel, and well fitted up for the purpose to which she is destined. The emigration agent has had an offer of more than the required number of passen- gers ; indeed, so great was the number of appli- cants, that no fewer than thirty presented them- selves in one day. The whole berths in the cabin have been taken-chiefly, we believe, by persons from England. As happened with the Parland, the Susan has been victualled in an English port, instead of in this -the general stores being, of course, the produce of this country, and so much of it as consists of grain of last year's growth! This, we presume, was done under the directions of some office or board,; and, if it implies a loss to the public, as it certainly does, it may faiiry be asked who is the profiteer.-Londonderry Sentinel, Oc. 13. Battle of, Waterloo.-We yesterday rJeived much gratification from a private view of a model of the Battle of Waterloo, execuied bj Lieutenant Siborn assistant military secretary to the Lieutenant-General commanding in Ireland. '1 lie model is on the scale of about eight feet to the mile ami gives a complete and most vivid representation of the scene of action, and of the cntical and well fought battle which has bestowed a universal cele- brity on the plain of WateiLo Every village, every house and farm yard, every knot of trees, every undulation of surface, every field, nay, every crop of vi heat, or other produce which lha field bore at the time, in short, eyery detail is given with the closest accuracy, from a six months' personal obser- vation aided by the most authentic information The position of the various troops engaged at the moment selected for representation, is marked out with the utmost txactneès, and in tire most graphic manner. The model of all the buildings and natural objects, the figures of the soldiers and 'horses, are, in every instance, elaborately executed. 'I he cannon can even be taken to pieces and re fixed, precisely as in the case of actual artillery, though the model» are necessarily exceedingly de- minutive. The time chosen is, about seven in the afternoon, when Napoleon made his last'great struggle for victory, when the battle had already lasted nearly eight hours, end the result fililí) trem- bled in the balance. 1 he -first column of the Im- perial Guard, -consisting of four battalions of the Middle Guard, hating sustained a signal repulseby the British 1st brigade of Guards, is retiring in the greatest disorder toward« the nearest raised ground closeon the Gemappe- road, and the second column of the Imperial Guard is endeavouiing to retrieve the failure of the fiist column. Sir Hussey Vivian, with the H ussar Brigade, is advancing to the main point of attack to support the infantry. The princi- pal part of the Prussian army under Pi ince Blucher is developing itself near the village of Planchenoit ; but it is impossible to go into a detail of the highly inteiesting incidents pourtrayed. The Emperor is represented near the retreating column of Guards, and his great antagonist is seen lu the front of Ibe line, near the 1st brigade of Guards, having just rallied in person the brigade of Brunswick Infantry. 'We-understand that this admirable work of art has not occupied Lieutenant Siborn fewer than »ix years and that it has, in one way or another, cost him upwards of «¿'5.0CQ. One of the most dis- tinguished actors on the field of Waterloo, Mr Hussey Vivian, hss, we are informed, expressed his warm approbation of the model.and we at humble distance beg to" add our sanction to that of ihe gallant general.-Morning ChronicU, Oct. 5. War with Persia.-Letters have been received from Constantinople of the 1st inst., both in Paris-and London, which »late positively that a British force from Bombay had sailed up the Per- sian Gulf, and taken possession of Buihire, with a view to punish the Schah of Per»ia, for the insult offered by lum to England, in the person of her Ambassador. The following extract from the Con stantinopolitan correspondence-of the Chronicle of Ibis morning contain» the fullest account of this affair which has yet reached u«¿-" 1 he account« which were a short lima ago received here from Bombay, relative'to movements of troops in. that quarter, aad which were treated with so much levity, and a« matters wortli'yofso titila confidence by many incredulous persons have now, it appears, not only assumed a form which, -as those individuals would say, 1. oks something more Uko consistency, bul have develópeilHIiemselves'in «.manner calculated to astonish «orne of those general detractors from England's Eastern policy, and which will tend also lo produce a material change m the present position and future prospects of our Persian affairs. 'Hie accounts to which 1 allude spoke as will be lecol Iccted, of a large budy of troops baing expected to embark, but ihe destination of which, though reported for the Persian Gulf, was not positively known. 'These troops, from the intelligence now received, have not only embarked, but have alieady ascended the Persian Gulf, landed, and made ihein ..elves roasters of Bushi.e. This iinpoitant news was brought here on Monday last by a Tartar from bagdad, who, under a promise of a largo reward, had performed the journey from thence lu seventeen dajs, haviug travelled with such rapidity, that two of the surrugees or postillions had died by the way with overheat and fatigue. A few houis after his at rival, a courier was despatched by Lord Ponsonby to hngland. 'the number of troops actually dis- embarked at the period this intelligence left, ann which may be supposed to be only the first division of the intended expédition, is S .000 men, though some reports make it out to he three or four um>-8 that number ; aud it is, according to some accounts, also pretended that the news of tins eveut haviug alreatly reached Herat, had immediately induced the Schab to recaí Mi. M'Neill, but that that gentleman bad refused to retuin, stating that, having once forced lum to retire, his Majesty must now abid« by the consequences 'this latter report, however, is an evident absurdity, since it is quite impossible that ntws which, w th all possible despatch,ouly reached here on Monday last, can be even yet received at Herat (the journey across the desert from Shirts to Herat being at least twenty days), 'much more than it should have reached lhere in time for accounts to have be« n forwarded here, which would require at least forty days more."-We trust that the intelli- gence tim* communicated will not pi ove unfounded" Further comment upon it for the present would, iu ouropinion, bo ill judg«d.-Belfast 'Chrohiclo; Au; fUMxT, The Ghost.—'Tis about twenty years since Abel Law, a short, round favored, merry old soldier of the revolutionary War was wedded to an abominable shrew —the temper, Sir, of Shakespeare's Catherine, would be no more compared with her's than mine with Lucifer's. Her eye was like à weasel's ; she had a harsh face, like a cranberry marsh, all spread with spots of white and red, as if she had the measles; with hair of the colour ot a wisp of straw, and a disposi- tion like a crosscut saw. The appella- tion of this lovely dame was Ann, or Nancy—don't forget the name. Her brother David, was a tall good looking chap, and that was all, one of your great big nothings, as we say here in Rhode Island, picking up old jokes and crack- ing them on other folk. Well David undertook one night to play the ghost, and frighten Abel, whom he knew would be returning from a journey through a grove of forest wood, that stood below the house some distance—half a mile, or so, with a long taper just made to cover a wig, nearly as large over as a coin basket, and a sheet with both ends made to meet across his breast: (the way that ghosts are always drest; he took his station near a huge oak tree, whence he could overlook the road, and see what- ever might appear. It happened, that about an hour before friend Able had left the table of an inn, where he had made a halt with his horses and waggon, to taste a flagon of malt liquor, and so forth, which being done, he went on caring no more for twenty ghosts, than if they had been so many posts. David was nearly tired of waiting—his patience was abating ; at length he heard the careless tones of kinsman's voice ; and then, the noise of waggon wheels among the stones. Abel was quite elated, and was roaring with all his might, and pouring out, in great confusion, scraps of old songs, made in "the revolution," his head was full of Bunker Hill and Trenton ; and still he went on, scaring the whip-poor-will among the trees, with rhymes like these—"See the Yankees leave the hill with baggernets declining, with lopp'd down hats and rusty guns, and leather aprons shining "See the Yankees—whoa! why what is that?" said Abel, staring like a cat; as slowly on the fearful figure strode into the mid- dle of the road. "My conscience! what a suit of clothes ! some crazy fellow I suppose—hallo, friend, what's name? by the powers of gin that's a strange dress to travel in." "Be silent, Abel, for now I have come to read your doom; then hearken, while your fate I now de- clare, I am a spirit"—"I suppose you are ; but you'll not hurt me, and I'll tell you why here is a fact which you cannot deny ; all spirits must be either good or bad—that's understood, and be ye good or evil, I am sure if a good spirit, I am safe ; if evil, and I don't know but you may be the Devil, if that's the case, you'll recollect, I fancy, that I am mar- ried to your sister Nancy." A Man of Fern Words.-A young man some Unie since arrived at a certain inn, and aftor alighting from his horse went into the traveller's room, where he walked backwards and forwards for some time, displaying the utmost seit importance. At length he rang the bell, and upon the waiter's appearance, gave him an order nearly as follows: " Waiter I" " Sir." " I am a man of few words, and don't like to be conti- nually ringing the bell, and disturbing 'the house ; I'll thank you to pay atten- tion to what I say." " Yes, Sir, replied the waiter. " In the first place, bring mo a glass of brandy und water (cold), with a little sugar, and also a tea spoon ; wipe down this table, throw some coals on the fire, and wipe down the hearth ; bring me a couple of candles, pen, ink, and paper, some wafers, a little sealing wax, and let me know what lime the goes oat ; tell the oBtler to take care of my horse, dress him well, stop his feet, and let me know when he's ready to feed ; order the chamber maid to pre- pare me a good bed, take care that the sheets are well «¡red, and put a clean night cap and a glass of water in tbe room ; send the boola with a pair of slippers that I can walk lo the stable in : tell him I must have my boots cleaned and brought into the room to- night, aud I shall want to be called at five o'clock in the morning; ask your mistress wbat I can have for supper, tell her I should like to bare a roast dock, or something of that sort; desire your master to step in, I want to ask bim a few questions about the drapers of this town." The waiter answered, " Yes, Sir," and then went to the land lord, and told bim a gentleman in the parlour wauled a great many things, and amongtft the rest, he wanted him, and that was all he could recollect. A celebrated counsellor, after be had retired-trom practice, being one day in company, where the uncertainty of the law became the topic of conversation, was applied to for his opinion, upon which he laconically observed-" It a man was to claim the coat on my back, and threaten my refusal with a lawsuit, be should have it lest in defending my coat, 1 should too late, find that I was deprived of my waistcoat also." Dr. Franklin, endeavouring to kill a turkey by an electric shock, received the whole battery himself, when he good naturedly observed, that instead of kil I inga turkey, he bad nearly kiled a goose. Take Patience.-Convinced that pa- tience moderates every^grief, a French mau conceived he could not speak better comtort to a young widow, who, the day before had buried her husband, than by advising her " to take patience." The widow having already within her- self made choice of a second CARA sposa, whose name was patience, vivaciously exclaimed, " What has he mentioned it to you." A Bristol bride, whose French was somewhat of the oddest, after listening to her intended's various schemes for the honey moon tour, said modestly, "J don't care where we go in reason, Mr. Adam, bony lot us avoid Hecla." This reminds me of a mistake in the press, which announced, lb at Sir C and Lady ¡atended to pan the winter in the north of Iceland, 