LUNACY CASES. Lundcy cases are usually-indcced in their very nature-such a jumble of law, physic, and divinity, that it is no wonder if they cause perplexity to judges and irritation to the public. A lunatic, in law language, is ciuiliter nwortuis ; and an inquiry to ascertain whether he is insuse or not, is, in good earnest, a question of life and death to him. If the commited unduly, he receives in his sin gle person pretty nearly all the civil injuries that can be intflicted; for not only is his liberty thereby taken away and his property removed from his control, but he suffers an isputation which operates with all the fore of a libel-no damnum sine indjurid, but a defamation per uood. In what, in short, does a false charge of insanity differ from a libel implicating a man's moral or his 'commrcial integrity? If a merchant's honesty or a banker's solvency he called in ques tion, their customers presently discontinue their ordersand withdraw their accounts. If a man's sanity be impugned, is he more likely to retain his business ? A party detained on a charge of insanity may be acquitted and restored to liberty; but we all know that this is a question of such a nature that it cannot even be raised without at taching suspicion even after to the individual to whom it relates; and it is easy to foresee that he who has been put on his trial on such a charge, has received a blow to his credit as an intelligent being, if we may so express ourselves, from which he will never entirely recover during his life. The reason is obvious. Madness is a mystery to all; and as its true character and signs are only im perfectly known, so its presence is ever readily suspected,-just on the same principle that chil dren fear the dark and are apprehensive of ghosts -for the very reason that they cannot -see them. A large portion of lunacy cases, real and supposed (and we are not speaking now with reference par ticularly to those which traspire in print,) are of this ambiguous character. A natural dash of oddity n any person, concurring with a predis position to believe in the unsoundness of his mind, may fix an impression to his injury which can never be erased ;' and if we ofted find such impressions consequently .confirmed by the a eent, there is too much reason to suppose that the mere entertainment of such a-question-the mer.: reception of such an idea as insanity mint tile mind, (especially a mind not naiturally strong), as a condition of probable or possible reality-has there first secretly inoculated the disease, Even, then, as .te .mind itself is a tender and delicate fabric, needing allcare and kindly guardianship, so tender and so delicate should be all proceedings in regard to it, and so kindly and carefully are we bonnd to deal with it as defendant. If we were asked to mention what we conceived to be the most affecting position in which a human be big, as the representative of our' common mor tality, can be placed, we shonld say-that of a connsel for his own: senses in a public, court of ijustice. We hazard the assertion, without fear of con-' tradiction, that neither the legal nor the medical profession has yet done for this subject what its' high and sacrediprortamze'dea?mands. The paucity of woresofvalud on insanity, whether considered as a disease or as an object for legal provision, has often been made matter of complaintaid astonish ment-as well it may be in these dyas,of prolific '.apteorship ; but it still remains' to be wondered at sad complained of. In thni mean tiine, it is by no ' means clear swhat constitutes :insanity. The jw, 'with h? glorioxstsaeelaintly," says that a si is a lInatic who is son cospoi i and he is no'eomporif he :cahnot "guide his own actions.' But now, what constitues this " guidance of one's own actions" in which the state of compos sui, or competency, is made to consist ? It is, in truth, a highly absurd. and improper definition-like many which the law, in attempting a peculiar per spicuity, qlundering propounds. Every imnn who performs the actions he intends, must be said to "gu'ide" his actions ; but the question is not re spectinug the ghidance or control of the actions, but respecting the right or wrong, reasonableness or unreasonableness, of what is done. A lunatic may commit murder in cold blood without pro vocation, but because lie has intended to do it he has " guided his own action." The cold-blooded murder, according to the law, would be a proof of sanity, then, not of insanity ! The same defini tion, in missing the real object, stumbles on a wrong one, in a still more absurd manner; for if any one is a lunatic who, "from insanity, idiotcy," or "from any cause," is "incapable of guiding his own actions," then by a necessary consequence -whilea madman is not a lunatics--a young child, an old man, or any paralytic, orany feble person. is a4 lunatic ! This is really very " glorious !" But neither is the medical " uncertainty " less so. One of the " mad doctors," as they are called, after devoting his whole life to the subject, has discovered, amongst his smaller facts, that " we are all mad "-more or less. No doubt; but we are not all committed to prisons, proportionably to the degress of our aberration; which we ought to be, perhaps, if each of us came by his due. " Use every man after his desert, and who shall 'scape whipping ?" There ought, no doubt, to be an assylum for passionate people, another for gam blers, another for lovers, and so on through the whole list " Invidus, Iracundus, iners, vinosus, amator." Nor can there be a doubt that many a man not mad in the eye of the law, but very mad in the eye of reason, goes at large through the world, committing infinitely more mischief-and more desperate and unsreasoning mischief teo -than a whole tribe of legitimate lunatics, peaceably pro menading under the garden-walls of an assylum, ever found it in their hearts to do. We recur to the letter from Sir John Scott Lillie inserted in last week's Spectator. Although that letter may not have appeared altogether successful in vindicating the proceedings, as reported, on which our former article commented, it was at least highly creditable to the temper and good sense of tle writer. The reader will probably have felt it difficult to believe that a gentleman could, under any circumstancoe, have behaved hastily or iconsiderately, who showed himself on this occasion so courteous aid reasonable. We are bound nevertheless to remark, that Sir John's letter only applied to two points of our article; and that neither of these had any necessary con nexion with the question at issue- which was, and is, whether a certain individual has been duly or untduly consigned to a lunatic assylum; and whether the proceedings on the occasion were, or were not consonant to justice, and to the feeling and considerationdue to a caseof that painful and (to repeat a former expression) sacred nature. If those proceedings were incorrectly reported, it ought certainly to have been stated what their actual character and effect were, as on that point depends the justice of our reflections. But unless some very essential inaccuracy can be proved in the report, we must still insist that the case or Nlundy, and the proceedings in that case, afford additiolnal evidence of the imperative necessity for improving the laws relating to insanity.-Specta tor. 