WE endeavoured in our last to reply to the little book addressed by the Archdeacon Hutchins, to the Chief Justice Sir John Pedder, upon the important subject of public education. We apprehend that with both those gentlemen the authority of the great Tory chieftain, Sir Robert Peel, is unquestionably paramount. In our next linmber we shall {rive the speech in Parliament, made by Sir Robert Peel, when the education subject was brought forward by Lord John Russell. We rejoice to state, it fully bears out the whole of the opinions which we have offered upon this extremely interesting question. THE Newspapers have recently so strongly commented upon the delay which has taken place in bringing the unhappy men to trial, now so long imprisoned upon the charge of murder, that for us to abstain longer from noticing the subject, delicate upon many accounts as it unquestionably is, would be a breach of that duty, which every public Journalist owes to the country in which he lives. It would be the worst of affectation to continue to treat the cause of that delay as originating otherwise than as is now generally known, in some defects, real or supposed, in the Commissions from the Queen, transmitted to the Judges of the Supreme Court. We purpose, therefore, in our next number, to enter fully upon the subject, to compare what has been done, with what has not been done, and to draw attention to the consequences probably attendant upon both. WE have repeatedly drawn attention to the cool ease and indifference, with which magistrates, at one breath, consign their fellow men to an extent of suffering which it is quite certain they cannot appreciate, otherwise the " prison discipline" system, of which they are the administrators, must have indeed closed every avenue to the heart.— The ease and indifference we say, with which the words '' three years additional transportation," " two .years to a road gang," are pronounced, are really appalling, when the fearful consequences to the wretched being, thus in one breath delivered over to the extremest wretchedness, are considered. Yet such is the force of habit, that the Magistrate who thus consigns a human being, perhaps to total earthly destruction, would shudder if he did so without being in the continued practice thereof. This it is which has rendered the utterance of those words so perfectly familiar, without the slightest reference to the dreadful sum of misery which they produce, that we should not be at all surprised if any accidental interruption of the after dinner slumber should be followed by the involuntary exclamation, " Fifty lashes, and Port Arthur." And what is the chief offence for which these terrible punishments, so breathlessly inflicted by man upon man, are in general so inflicted? Breaches of that ultra-savage system, called " Prison Discipline," the existence of which has rendered residence in these Colonies (so say all the witnesses before Parliament., and all the Parliamentary reports) unfitting for free Englishmen ! Capt. Maconochie was pleased to dignify the act of more successfully inflicting the torture by man upon his fellow man, by the expression " penal science." The inferior myrmidons of that frightful study have rendered them and their inferiors (for even the infernal regions are deeper and deeper still) such proficients in this hateful art, that they have step by step, advance or retreat resources, whereby, to the forlorn miserable wretch upon whom malice, or that great whetter of " prison dicipline" vigilance, profit, may induce them to cast their iron net, escape is impossible. When all other charges fail, the accusation is invariably made—" Oh '. but he said he was a free man." " It is false," says the accused. " 1 swear it," says the familiar. " Take him away," says the Prison Discipline administrator ; "Twelve months to a road gang, and if ever you come before me again for such an offence, severe shall be your punishment." The familiar drags the wretched being to the cell, and as he places the chains upon him, (for that is the invariable practice, let the offence be what it may) he whispers in his ear, " had you not better have settled it with me ?" What are not— what must not be the feelings of every human being, thus sacrificed to the Prison Discipline Moloch ? To what in fact does not the Magistrate thus consign his wretched victim? " You are a man," he tells him " it is true, you breathe—you exist; but you are dead for every good purposes for which that existence was bestowed upon you ! You live, but it is only for the purpose of punishment! You sleep—the severity of your bodily sufferings is for a time so respited— but you awake only to a fresh consciousness that you are a wretch lost to every sense but that of torture! You are a living impersonation of the utmost combination of misery, mental and bodily, which demoniacal ingenuity can devise to inflict upou you !" Yet such sentences as this are daily pronounced unnumberedly by the Prison Discipline administrators in a single breath, who close with the command pronounced with the most indifferent self- complacency—take him away" Yet is the powerful dispenser of so much dreadful suffering to man, but a man himself, subject at least, however he may be virtuous beyond their influence, to all the weaknesses—the infirmities of our common nature. He cannot re-animate, but he can destroy ! And he does so! He damns his fellow man for all the happy purposes of this world, and by that damning, an amount of crime may be induced which may carry its appalling effects to eternity, and this is the power given by what is called " summary jurisdiction !" Terrible as is the evil of this in itself, yet habit encreases it tenfold. The watchouse is to be cleared —the Police to be supported. Is time—is temper—is forbearance—is christian charity and commiseration invariably exhibited in effecting these? We fear not. Mr. Price has obtained a high reputation for extreme severity in the administration of the duties of Hobart Town Assistant Police Magistrate. He proceeds also certainly with steam power velocity in punishing the miserable wretches who fall into his hands. We shall occasionally place before him for re-consideration, a little review of the sentences he passes, with the offences which he considers to require such dreadful severity. We have more than one of recent occurrence. He is a young man. May the mirror, such reviewing will hold up to him—induce him to pause in consigning at a breath, human beings to punishments, which, could he but know the extent and duration of torture they inflict, he would shudder at his own work ! The public observation is now very much bestowed upon the wickedness, cruelty, and impolicy of the sanguinary nature of the code of British criminal law, and the legislature, appalled at its own brutal ferocity, is as rapidly as possible retracing its steps; but the great mass of cruelty is not thereby perpetrated. Excellent as will be the effects of the great reforms thereby effected, yet the petty demon still remains untouched. It is not the taking life alone which requires attention, it is rendering it not worthy possessing, which calls for equal amelioration. We have before us two frightful instances of this in the Newspaper reports of the sentences passed by the Authorities in Quarter Sessions, and upon two women. One of them, named Ann Carney, was found guilty of receiving nine pints of stolen castor oil. The sentence passed upon this miserable creature was—imprisonment with hard labor—THREE YEARS—twelve weeks solitary confinement—at intervals—ONE WEEK EVERY THREE MONTHS !!! Gracious GOD ! What a dreadful account of suffering have not the Magistrates thus inflicted at a single breath upon their fellow creature, an amount scarcely ever inflicted in England, even for the heaviest crimes. When sentence of three years imprisonment in Newgate was passed upon Mr. Wakefield, (now by-the-bye the chosen friend and companion of the highest of the Aristocracy, Ministerial, Opposition, Whig, and Tory), the Judges who passed it accompanied it with the heaviest denouncements of the extent of his crime, which they assured him, had it been entirely perpetrated, would have been visited with death. Yet, is this miserable woman to be punished with the same amount of imprisonment and labor, and with the further dreadful severity of one week's solitary confinement every three months, for three years, upon bread and water! It is a heavy punishment; equally terrible, and in this country novel, and with women, miserable women, have these magistrates in sessions thought proper to commence. Have they any idea of the dreadful fate to which they have consigned these wretched beings for a period, no inconsiderable portion, so passed, of their whole lives? Can they conceive, even, three years hard labour in gaol—every returning three months of which, a week is to be passed in a solitary cell, upon bread and water ? Have they ever so passed a week, even without the solitary confinement ? Has sickness ever compelled them to such abstinence, and if so, have they contemplated how severely its pains would have been increased had they been deprived of the consolation of the human voice—their own thoughts only to commune with—much more had they been deprived of the consolation of those friends by whom the couch of illness was no doubt surrounded ? If they have not, might not humanity have whispered gently in their ear, " Twelve weeks in a solitary cell, at three months intervals, upon bread and water, is terrible indeed!" Well can we imagine Mr. Hone, the chairman, delivering this frightful sentence, which of course was that of the magistrates by his side, acceded to, only—we say not even participated in, by him—we can readily conceive the tones of commiseration and compassion with which he would announce to these miserable creatures their terrible doom—the admonition for their future conduct, when the three years (a long period to look forward to, for where may not then be his brethren of the Bench ?) shall have expired, with which he would accompany it. But the consigning this wretched woman to such an amount of wretchednees occupied but a few moments of time—she was removed to undergo it, and the magistrates went to dinner and to their families. The woman has passed the first week in her cell, and upon bread and water; eleven weeks and she will return to it, and so again and again, for three years ! If GOD spares us to fulfil the intention, we will, not fail to remind these magistrates of each of these revolving periods, that they may return their grateful thanks for the blessings they are permitted to enjoy, and pray that the infirmity of human nature, of themselves and of all belonging to or connected with them, may "lead them not into temptation, but may deliver them from evil." It is not unworthy notice that the British Parliament, in reference to the crime necessarily consequent upon the distress experienced by millions in Britain, has passed a law permitting solitary confinement, but in passing that law the necessity was felt of restraining that dreadful punishment (producing as it was found to have done in repeated instances, loss of the senses, idiocy, and other appalling results,) within certain limits. To the fullest extent of those limits the magistrates, in the sentences before us, have gone. Yet was that punishment evidently intended in Britain for an extreme amount of crime. In all the newspapers which we are constantly receiving, we have not yet seen an instance of such sentences. The Van Diemen's Land magistrates then of course consider that these two women (the offence of the other was for having by her own confession stolen a watch,) had committed that extreme amount of crime for the punishment of which the Act was intended. The magistrates in the interior look to those in Hobart Town as their model. Whenever a woman shall hereafter be found to receive stolen castor oil or to steal a watch, even under whatever circumstances of extenuation, and there were many in both cases, three years hard labour, one week every three months in a solitary cell upon bread and water, must be the punishment. We have considered this case as if the woman was actually guilty of receiving, knowing to be stolen, this castor oil; but very strong doubts are entertained by well informed persons, whether the jury were not mistaken in their verdict. The oil was stolen two years ago— was exhibited openly for sale by the man who was convicted with her, and hawked about the streets—purchased by such respectable men as the Messrs. Westbrook—and not a shadow of proof was adduced of guilty participation by the woman. But—she cohabited with the man—and in this virtuous Colony, every other sin is upon her head ! We have however treated the sentence as passed upon unquestionably guilty offenders—those offenders being women. We implore of Sir John Franklin, whose benevolence of heart is universally known, to have compassion upon these miserable creatures, It might have been stern, unrelenting JUSTICE in the Bench—it will be, with his Excellency, the exercise of that twice blessed attribute, MERCY ! We have but faintly drawn attention to the ease and indifference with which man here consignshis fellow-man to an extent of punishment, bodily and mental, unequalled in any other part of the world ! What must not be, almost in every instance, the eventual result ? The suffering wretch feels the cruel injustice of his treatment, and reckless of his future fate, he is driven to real crime, perhaps for the first time. This is a faithful, we say again, but very faint picture of the effect of the worse than death system. To talk of Turkey, Persia, or Algiers, in comparison, is to cruelly libel those comparatively humane administrations. Destructive as cannot but be its certain, effect upon the liberties of the free population here, yet it appears that in New South Wales these effects are infinitely increased. The power of unrestrained locomotion is not yet directly interfered with here. In the "Great Colony," (great especially in the worse than death,) the worst features of the passport system in operation under the Muscovite despotism in enslaved Poland, are in full and unrestricted practice. We find the following detail in the Sydney Monitor. Is subjection to a system such as this fitting for free Englishmen ? Can the tide of emigration possibly flow to countries where a system prevails, in comparison with which those of Morocco, are freedom itself? We trust Lieutenant Friend will not fail to interfere in behalf of the cruelly treated man who thus submits his treatment to the unrestrained indignation of his fellow coun- try men :— Statement of Frederick Turner, an emigrant, twenty years of age, who arrived in the Norval, Friend, master, at Hobart Town, in the year 1832:— Having served my engagements with Lieuteiant Friend, R. N., I was employed a short time in Hobart Town, after which I entered into an agreement with Dr. Imlay, of Twofold Bay, for twelve months. I proceeded to Twofold Bay, with Dr. Imlay, and having served my term of agreement with him, procured a certificate from him to that effect, and started from Twofold Bay overland to Sydney. When I arrived at Goulburn on my way to Sydney, I entered the service of Mr. Mareden, of the Goulburn Inn, as a waiter, at the weekly wages of twelve shillings. I had been three weeks in that situation (in which I was very comfortable, as my employers seemed satisfied with me,) when, one day as I was standing at my master's door, a mounted policeman came up and asked me my name ? I answered Frederick Turner. He then asked me if I was free ? I replied that I was, and gave him every information relative to myself from the time of my first arrival in Hobart Town, to the moment I was then speaking. He appeared to be dissatisfied with me, and asked me if I had any pass ? I said I had, and produced the certificate from Dr. Imlay, which as near as I can recollect, was in the following words—"The bearer, Frederick Turner, who arrived in the colony a free emigrant, has served me for a year at Twofold Bay, and is now on his way to Sydney to seek employment." Upon looking at this, the policeman said, " Oh ! this will not do, anybody can carry about a thing like this," and gave me in charge to a constable named Holland, who took me to the watch house. I remained locked up the whole of that night, and on the next morning I was taken before Mr Stewart, the Police Magistrate. The pass exhibited by me to the policeman was laid before Mr. Stewart, who directed references to be made to the runaway reports of New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land, in neither of which any one at all answering my description could be found. Mr. Stewart then concluded, that I must be a runway from Hyde Park, and accordingly committed me for eximation there. I was re-conducted to the watch house. My hair was cropped close to my scull. I was thrust into a crowded cell, about 13 feet by 12 in dimension, in which were huddled together from 25 to 30 convicts and felons, and we were fed upon bread and water. At night we were all handcuffed together, that is each man was handcuffed to the man on either side of him, and a long heavy chain connecting the whole, and secured to iron ring bolts in the floor and walls of the cell, precluded the possibility of rest, much more sleep. I endured this state of degradation and privation in company with men of abandoned character for one fortnight. What increased my misery much, was the suffocating temperature of the little cell, crowded with so many persons in such exceeding sultry weather as we then had at Goulburn. At the end of the fortnight I was released from my sufferings, but only to undergo hardships of another description. Eight convicts and myself were handcuffed two and two, and marched in the custody of two constables to Bargp, about 25 miles distant from Goulburn. We remained one night in the watch house at Bargo, where we experienced the same treatment with the exception of being chained "to the floor at night." The following day we were conducted to Stonequarry Creek, where we were locked up one night, and thence we were forwarded to the Cowpastures, where we were detained two nights, awaiting escorts from other districts. From the Cowpastures we proceeded to Campbell Town, where we were also kept two nights for a similar purpose. At Campbell Town, they gave us, in addition to bread and water, some maize meal porridge, called hominy, and a very small quantity of beef and rice, which I highly appreciated in my then emaciated state. We next went to Liverpool, where we were kept two days and nights locked up; and thence to Paramatta. I remained one night in the Paramatta watch-house, and having partaken of a breakfast of hominy in the morning, I was put on a chain with nineteen other prisoners, and sent on board the steamer under a military guard and a constable. Upon my arrival in Sydney, I was taken up to Hyde Park Barracks to be examined. Mr Ryan, the chief clerk, referred to the records, but could not find any runaway of my description. He said, however, that he must detain me until I could produce some respectable person to identify me as a free subject. While ruminating a whole fortnight in the watch-house attached to Hyde Park Barracks, and puzzling my brains in devising the means of getting out of the oppression inflicted by the laws on my being guilty of not proving myself to be a free subject, I remembered having heard, before I left Launceston, that Mr Collins of the Theatre, whose wife was a passenger by the Norval to Hobart Town (the vessel in which I came out as cabin boy) had gone to Sydney. I made enquiry, and finding such to be the case, named Mrs Collins, who, on being sent for, immediately came and identified me, and I was released. I was now without a penny in my pocket, a place to lay my head in, or a friend in the world to assist me. It occurred to me to ask Mr Ryan for the certificate which Dr Imlay gave me, and which I had been compelled to deliver up to the Police magistrate at Goulburn. Mr Ryan evinced not the least feeling for my misfortunes, though he now knew that I had been brought one hundred and fifty miles in handcuffs innocently ; for he told me rudely and roughly to "beoff," not condescending to say whether he or Mr Stewart of Goulburn had my certificate in his possession. Yet Mr Ryan must know, that if with a certificate I had been thus imprisoned three weeks, and put in irons as if I had been in an ironed gang, I was more liable to such treatment without a certificate. What I object to is Mr Ryan's unfeeling incivility. It was on a Satuday morning, the 23d of March, I was after five weeks' detention and imprisonment in the whole, liberated from Hyde Park Barracks. The remainder of that day and night I walked about the streets of Sydney, weak from my sufferings and fatigue, and hungry, without the means of procuring food. The few articles of clothing I carried with me, I had been obliged to dispose of to passengers at any sacrifice, to buy necessary sustenance to enable me to perform the journey on foot. On Sunday morning early, I was accosted by two constables, who would have again confined me, had they been as incredulous as the Goulburn people, but the "plain unvarnished tale" I told them of my misfortunes was so fully borne out by the misery of my exterior, that they believed it. They advised me to go to Mr Mitchell, the chief constable, who would probably do something for me. I did not do as they advised, but went to Mr Collins, where I slept that night, and on the following day he procured for me a situation in Mr Bent's house, in Parkstreet, where I am at present. The above statement I am prepared to verify upon oath, if it should be required. FREDERICK TURNER. [Turner also stated, that two other free men were confined as well as himself at Goulburn, and one of them was flogged for what was deemed insolence to the Magistrate.] WE intended last week to have copied from the Courier the admirable continuation of his victorious rescue of the Distillers from the ruin threatened by the whole course adopted by the Government, from the prohibition Act onwards, particularly by the unparelleled proceedings of Mr. D. A. C. G. Roberts's " Inquisition." The length of the British intelligence compelled us reluctantly to defer this to our present number; we now extract from the Courier as largely as our space will permit, regretting that we cannot copy the whole of his excellent commentary upon that ill-advised course which we are convinced the Government will eventually regret it was ever induced to adopt; and no part thereof more than the sanction of the proceedings of the inquisition, which we really believe the accustomed habit of, in all cases, lavishing praise upon the proceedings of " boards" rather than any, the very slightest real approbation of those into which Mr. Roberts, from motives perfectly understood, led his nominal colleagues. A few words will suffice to shew the mistake made by the Government in affording its approbation, instead of inflicting its censure. When to a " board" was confided the duty of receiving and ascertaining the amount of the claims of the Distillers for compensation for the deprivation of their trade, the " instructions" issued evidently shewed the intention of the Government to have been fair and just—to have appointed the board as an impartial medium between the claimants, on the one hand, and the Government on the other. And so Mr. Gregory, the original head of the board acted—so he commenced to carry the fair and just instructions of the Government into effect. But, unfortunately for both parties, Mr. Gregory felt himself compelled to withdraw, and Mr. Roberts was appointed—not to succeed to the chair of the board, which presidentcy he usurped— but to the vacancy occasioned by the withdrawal of Mr. Gregory, and the appointment of Mr. Barnes to succeed him. Did Mr. Roberts then carry the intentions of the Government into effect ? Did he cause the board (nominally) to conduct the duties confided to it fairly, justly, and impartially? Let the whole course adopted in regard to Mr. Turnbull answer. We have already shewn the manner in which the board commenced with him—first, demanding from him the private arrangements of his business, with which the Government could have nothing to do, (neither Mr. Roberts, but for obvious motives) then by endeavouring to make him trip himself up by the inquisitorial question—" Did you ever distil from maize or sugar?" in other words, " did you ever violate the law?" Was this a fair, just, and impartial course ? Was it fair, just, and impartial—or either, for Mr. Roberts to go himself, alone, embodying the board in his own person, into the gaol— to go about the town—to employ all sorts and descriptions of persons—the very Police itself, to hunt up accusatory information ? Was this the conduct of a fair and impartial board? Even admitting that the other Members are not impugnable for Mr. Roberts's conduct, yet having adopted his course, did it not, as we have said, rather require from the Government censure, than praise? If, indeed, the board had been constituted as an accusatory prosecutor, and so been announced to Mr. Turnbull, then certainly he would have had much less to complain of—he would have been placed upon his guard—he could have defended himself against any operations, and shewn their injustice, their illegality, accordingly. But not so. The Government appointed the board solely as the intermediate vehicle of communication between itself and the Distiller—it appointed it as to represent its own impartiality and honor ! Has it so done ? When its proceedings are published, they will speak for themselves.— What then is not the mistake made by the Government, in adopting Mr. Roberts's Reports, entered into, proceeded with, conducted, and concluded with a spirit, such as is well known to have stimulated them throughout ? It was utterly impossible for the same board to be the prosecutor and the Judge! Yet so has Mr. Roberts assumed the Board to be, and so has the Government, adopting his assumptions, rendered it! Was not the intention of the Government in appointing the board, that it should be fair, just, and impartial? Has it been so ? Is it compatible with either of those terms, that the Chairman (we will admit by usurpation) should run about the town to hunt up the means (and under any circumstances, and under any constitution, and with any object of any board of public officers, of course presumed to be gentlemen, by means the most reprehensible) of defeating the claimants for compensation ? Again, we say, this might have been justifiable in an accusatory prosecutor, but had it the shadow of the appearance even of fairness, justice, or impartiality on the part of a board, the very essence of the appointment of which was that it should be fair, just, and impartial ? Yet, upon the " Report" of Mr. Roberts, emanating as it has done, has the Government decided upon levelling the whole weight of its power against one man, (for one alone does the Report assail, and the causes thereof are perfectly well understood,) by having recourse to a proceeding, unconstitutional to the very utmost extent of the word, at variance with every English principle, an ex post facto law of pains and penalties. The only one of late times which has ever been ventured was the celebrated attempt to destroy George the 4th's Queen. Will Sir John Franklin's Government, even with the sanction—even more—granted for the sake of the argument, at the instance of Sir John Pedder, the Chief Justice, involve itself in the consequences of such a proceeding, even if thereby can be effected the destruction of one poor Distiller? Horne Tooke said, " Farce, Comedy, Wilkes, Foote, and Junius, were fearful odds against one poor Parson." Mr. Turnbull may say Executive, Legislative, Judicial, and Inquisition — Pedder, Pedder again—perhaps again—and Roberts, are fearful odds against one poor Distiller. With this little introductory notice, we now proceed to the continuation by the Courier, of his admirable defence of the Distillers. No disposition has been elicited to animadvert upon the especial protection under which Mr. Roberts has taken " the rectifiers and compounders;" that perhaps has been considered matter more between his masters, the Government, and himself; the passage in " italics" being the first direct reference which has been made to it. Not so his bitter hostility towards one Distiller so flagrantly conspicuous throughout. Another passage in " italics" refers to " the English English language in the Report." It is only natural that the Editor of the Courier, himself a gentleman, should notice this. He absolves two of the members of the board—but what becomes of Mr. Roberts, the third ? " ACTUM EST—it's all over, it's done; the act of merciful construction by which it was ingeniously attempted to shift the odium of the excise inquisition upon a jury of twelve, instead of leaving it to the three kings who at present reign over it, or to the tenderness of the Legislative Council, is, as we predicted, nowhere to be found. Its projectors, in order to avoid the chance of detection, must have swallowed it, for we now understand that it is lost—absolutely gone—and tho adjourned Council will not even be able to held an inquest on its remains. Time, by a familiar prototype, was supposed to devour his offspring— the Bill has suffered the same fate. The sacrifice must have cost many a pang to the authors of its existence—embittered by the remembrance that it was fondly cherished and by them rocked and cradled into becoming growth—such a sensation as the eagle is described to have felt on seeing that her own pinion winged the shaft which brought her to the earth. But though the rose is gone, the thorn remains behind. The four shilling duty is still retained, by way of absolution for the sacrifice of the Act. It is prescribed as a consolatory antidote against the qualms of conscience likely to flow from the sudden and suicidal extinction of the Bill. But may not the antidote, like many of those homœpathic remedies which participate largely in the reputation of quackery, notwithstanding the past and pious memory of St John Long, tend rather to aggravate the disease! It is a flattering plaister which the projectors of the meed of compensation lay to their wounds, that they will be enabled to carry the four shilling duty through the Legislative Council: but conceiving it possible that they can do so, they will gain but a loss in reputation far greater in effect than the balance in the Treasury can atone for, while it is now open to them, by a timely concession, not only to retrace the former false steps that have been taken, but to advance in general estimation in consequence. * * But perhaps the Colonial Secretary, who loves his joke, is determined to be serious on the present occasion, and has resolved to devote ten minutes of his time to what may afford the Board a comfortable opportunity of hatching for a week or two, with the additional pleasure of entailing a supplementary postscript to the luminous documents already laid on the table—a sort of old Eldon "one cheer more," to the changes which have been rung upon this exploded theme. We have no means of judging of the manner in which examinations were conducted before this Board; their merits we can only discover through their reports; and if any faith is to be placed in the opinion of Lord Denman, we know that they have rendered the Government, in their unlimited strictures—conscientiously dictated, without doubt—amenable to actions for libel in two cases. We would, however, beg to ask, why it was-— with the evidence of the profit of a rectifier and compounder could make of distilled spirits—a rectifier and compounder should have been excepted from the general rule adopted towards the distiller! We put this question before ; but it recurs to us with increased force, when we hear so much of the labours of this Compensation Board. With the elements, composing that Board, we have nothing to do—whether they be " black spirits or white, blue spirits or grey," is a matter of pure indifference to us—by their fruits alone they are known to the public. We would willingly pass over any violence done to the English language in the reports, although we are quite certain that there is one, if not two, gentlemen of the Board, perfectly competent to do it every justice—we would overlook every imperfection in this respect if we were assured, on the other hand, that in the pursuits in which they were engaged, they had not allowed a too hasty zeal to lead them to conclusions not always warranted in fact. They were guagers par excellence—still hunters when stills were no more—and it is only a pity that their energies have been misdirected and applied to so unprofitable an account. This an extreme example, although drawn from these late years of economy and retrenchment, which proves the inviolability with which Great Britain strictly adheres to the word of promise, even to a fault. But we—a remote cology, are much better judges of the matter; for without a fault, and having made a bargain with a few individuals for the sake of benefiting our revenue, we take away their trade on the faith of ample compensation, which we dole out drop by drop, year by year, not on the principle of how much we can reasonably afford to give, but how little they may, after a time, and the annoyances they have suffered, be induced to accept. It is pitiable policy, and the more the pity that it is true. It remains for the members of the Legislative Council to do their duty, and the four shilling rig must share the same fate as the Bill of Pains and Penalties. The following address from Mr. Hamilton Fitzgerald, husband of Lady Charlotte, sister of the late, and aunt of the present Marquess of Hastings, and of Lady Flora Hastings, his sister, appeared first in the Examiner, from whence it was copied almost universally by the British and the Continental Journals. The facts detailed have made a deep sensation. Greater wickedness and cruelty can scarcely be conceived possible than were practised upon this shamefully persecuted young woman. Many false and contradictory reports of the deplorable insult which has been lately offered to my niece, Lady Flora Hastings, at Buckingham Palace, having appeared in the public papers, I, as her Ladyship's nearest connexion, feel it my duty to request of you to publish the following account of the transaction, for the correctness of which I vouch. An imperfect knowledge of the details of this odious affair has produced various coronet of Wellington, when it shall become possessed by Lord Douro, is to adorn the brow of Lady Betty Hay, daughter of the Duke's old companion in arms, Lord Tweddale. Sir John Cam Hobhouse, the rejected renegade of Westminster, will thus become closely connected with the Great Captain, having married Lady Julia, aunt of the marchioness of Douro elect. We announced some weeks ago, the death of General Sir Herbert Taylor, at Rome. An outline of the life of this fortunate man is given in the Record of the 28th March. It is substantially correct, but the cause of his obtaining admission into the family of the Duke of York is altogether unnoticed, most probably because it was unknown to the writer of the memoir. His connection with the Royal family was of singular origin, which fact, known to the Duchess of Kent, caused that connection to cease with the accession of her daughter to the throne. Lord St. Helens died on the 8th March, aged 86. This nobleman was the nephew, of the late Mr. Fitzherbert, husband of the celebrated lady of that name. He was early in life attached to the corps diplomatique, and by the favour of the late Mr. Pitt was always confidentially employed in matters of difficulty. He was first nominated ambassador to the Chief Consul at the peace of Amiens, but the superior influence of Lord Whitworth's wife, the duchess of Dorset, obtained the appointment for the latter from the imbecile but tyrannical Addington. Mr. Pitt said, that if Lord St. Helens had been appointed, the peace of Europe would have been preserved, for that he was a match for Talleyrand. Admiral Sir C. Paget died at St. Thomas's, on his way to Bermuda, on the 28th February. He was the youngest son of the late Lord Uxbridge, married to the beautiful and celebrated Miss Monck. His three elder brothers are, as he was, G.C.B. Sir Arthur civil, Lord Anglesea and Sir Edward both generals. They were all of the finest men of their day. Colonel Leslie Jones, formerly ef the 1st Guards, the celebrated writer in the Times, signing himself " Radical," died at his house in the Adelphi, on the 12th March. He was, we believe, father to the gentleman who is married to a daughter of that veteran colonist, Mr. Kemp. The celebrated Mr. William Adam, Lord Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court in Scotland, died at Edinburgh, on the 17th February, aged 89. This gentleman was the personal friend of the three eldest sons of King George III. He was treasurer to the Prince, and the Dukes of York and Clarence. He managed all their private pecuniary affairs at the most difficult times. He was long in Parliament, and on all occasions voted with the Fox party, although a little personal difference between them was adjusted by a duel. He was also the intimate friend of the late Duke of Norfolk, and of all the chief of the whig nobility. He had the singular gratification of his two sons being respectively a lieutenant colonel (21st R. S. F.), and post captain R.N. at the unparalleled age of 21 years. They have now attained the highest honors of the service. Sir S. Gazelee, one of the Judges of the Common Pleas, died on the 27th March. Ministers have had large patronage in this way recently. Mr. Compton Cox, one of the masters in chancery died on the same day. Sir Francis Burdett was in so dangerous a state at Foremark on the 26th March, that his recovery was despaired of. Lord Derby was at the point of death on the 28th February at Knowsley, where the whole of the Stanley family was assembled. Dr. French, the archbishop of Tuam, died on the 24th March. The archiepiscopal see of Tuam is defunct; united by the law with that of Armagh. We close with reference to the " city article" of the Chronicle of the 30th March. The market was far from " comfortable." The premium on exchequer bills has fallen considerably, which is always a symptom of uneasiness. Some think that relief will be given after the dividend, but unless the foreign exchanges improve, this is not to be expected. The share market is also heavy. The funds had fallen. Consols were with difficulty sustained at 92. false conclusions. In well informed circles, where Lady Flora is known, the idea of her guilt was never entertained for a moment; but in other quarters, where, in the absence of positive information, a judgment is formed by what ooses out in the public papers, I find an injurious idea exists " that she has been spared or let off easy." The facts are briefly these:— " Lady Flora arrived, some weeks since, from Scotland, very unwell. She immediately consulted Sir J. Clark, physician to Her Majesty and the Duchess of Kent. One symptom of her complaint was a swelling of the stomach. By dint of exercise and medical treatment, she was getting better; the swelling had considerably subsided, and she had every hope of a speedy recovery ; when, on or about the 1st of March, Sir James Clark went to her room, and announced to her the conviction of the Ladies of the Palace, that she was pregnant. In answer to all his exhortations to confession, 'as the only means of saving her character,' Lady Flora returned an indignant but steady denial that there was any thing to confess. Upon which Sir James Clark told her, ' that nothing but her submitting to a medical examination would ever satisfy them or remove the stigma from her name.' Lady Flora found that the subject had been brought before the Queen's notice, and that all this had been discussed, arranged, and denounced to her without one word having been said on the subject to her own mistress, the Duchess of Kent, who had no suspicion of what was going on, and whose sanction was not sought for the humiliating proposition which had been made to Lady Flora. On leaving Lady Flora's room, Sir James Clark went to the Duchess of Kent, and announced his conviction that Lady Flora was with child ; and was followed by Lady Portman, who conveyed a message from Her Majesty to her mother to say, that the Queen would not permit Lady Flora to appear till the examination had taken place. Lady Portman (who with Lady Tavistock are those whose names are mentioned as most active against Lady Flora,) expressed to the Duchess of Kent her conviction of Lady Flora's guilt. Her beloved mistress never for a moment doubted Lady Flora's innocence. She said that she knew her, her principles, and her family, too well to listen to such a charge. However, the edict was given, and the next day, Lady Flora having obtained the Duchess of Kent's very reluctant consent, for her Royal Highness could not bear the idea of her being exposed to such a humiliation, but Lady Flora, 'feeling it her duty to her Royal Highness, to her family, and to herself, that a point blank refutation should be instantly given to the lie,' submitted herself to the most rigid examination ; and now possesses a certificate, signed by Sir James Clark, and also by Sir Charles Clark, stating as strongly as language could state it, that ' there were no grounds for believing that pregnancy does exist, or ever has existed.' Lord Hastings, though at the time very ill from influenza, went to London instantly, and demanded and obtained from Lord Melbourne a distinct disavowal of his participation in the affair; and demanded and obtained an audience of her Majesty, in which while he disclaimed all idea that the Queen had any wish to injure his sister, he plainly though respectfully stated his opinion of those who had counselled her, and his resolution to find out the originator of the slander, and bring him or her to punishment. Lady Flora is convinced that the Queen was surprised into the order which was given, and that Her Majesty did not understand what she was betrayed into; for ever since the horrid event Her Majesty has showed her regret by the most gracious kindness to Lady Flora, and expressed it warmly " with tears in her eyes." The Duchess of Kent's conduct was perfect; 'a mother could not have been kinder.' She immediately dismissed Sir James Clarke from her service, and refused to see Lady Portman ; and has crowned her goodness by a most beautiful letter she has written to the Dowager Lady Hastings, from whom the accounts were kept until all hope of avoiding publicity was impossible.—I am, sir, your very obedient servant, HAMILTON FITZGERALD March 22. WHEN a Journal, high in reputation as is the Spectator, puts forth such a political creed as the following, what may not be expected to follow at a very short lapse of time. The march of liberty, when once commenced, has never been known to halt. Vis acquirit eundo. Our readers will perhaps recollect that in our last " profession of faith," we took our stand upon the ballot—triennial Parliaments—household suffrage—equal protection before the law for all persons, rich or poor—for all properties, large or small—the abolition of useless places and unmerited pensions—"Justice to Ireland"—and the diffusion of knowledge. Let us review the progress of each of these great measures since that period, when all was apathy and supineness, and the prospect of political progression almost hopeless. Lord John Russell's declaration in opposition to Radical measures had dispirited his friends and encouraged his enemies, and that session had commenced which is now admitted by the ministerial Examiner to have been the most unsatisfactory one of many years. What a change has come over the spirit of our dream. Not a Whig or Tory dinner or festival to be heard of. The manifestoes of Sir Robert are manifestly unsea- sonable, and the people are petitioning by millions for ultra-Radical measures! The Ballot. —Where is the man who will now venture in public company to sneer at the ballot, which a year ago was just begun to be publicly talked about. This seems now almost a by-gone question, so certain do most persons appear of this measure being procurable by moderate agitation in the next session. The advocates of the ballot are now some seven-tenths of the kingdom; the Whigs are tottering in their opposition, and the Tories are daily softening down their long established principles. It is not the least important sign of the rapid and irresistible progress of Radicalism, that both " finality" Whigs and Tories are silent as the grave. The tide of popular feeling is rising and roaring in the distance, and unless they recede from their " thus far and no further" position, they will be swept by the current much further than they anticipate". We very much question whether the granting of the ballot will be now sufficient to slay the public impulse towards a more popular system of Govern- ment. Triennial Parliaments.—The efforts made by the chartists to obtain annual Parliaments, and two millions of men having signed a petition for the same, cannot be disregarded, and must produce some alteration in the duration of future Parliaments. The middleclasses, who are mostly Whig-Radicals, will not join the demand for " annual" Parliaments, and it requires no " ghost from the grave" to predict that the demand will ultimately settle down into a demand for triennial Parlisimenis, when it will be pressed by a combined movement of both middle and working classes, which will prove invincible. Whether this measure be carried in the next, or the following Session of Parliament, is a subject of much doubt. Extension of the Suffrage.—We are confirmed in our opinion that the suffrage should be coextensive with the existing state of intelligence; and that household suffrage is an extension which the people have a right to demand. We do not select this brick-and-mortar test as a perfect test of the qualifications of a vote ; on the contrary, we know that many most intelligent and valuable men would be excluded, and many ignorant and illiterate persons admitted—but we are content to adopt it till some less erring test of intelligence may be discovered. Universal suffrage, or the franchise being extended to every man of sane mind, legal age, and unconvicted of crime, would, we believe, be at present too sweeping a reform. We wonld, however, take every means of improving the intellect of the people, in order that they may be prepared for the greatest possible extension consistent with civil liberty as in America. Free Trade.—The present scarcity and consequent human suffering, and the startling fact that this country is now actually at the mercy of the autocrat of Russia for a supply of sufficient food to keep us till the next harvest, fully confirm our frequent exposures of the folly of any system which restricts nations from selling what they have to sell at the dearest, and buying what they have to buy at the cheapest markets. Our present absurd system of corn laws have reduced our laborer's to starvation, our merchants and manufacturers to the verge of ruin, and our boasted supremacy of manufacturing skill to a farce—without any proportionate benefit to the farmer. WE resume our notice of the recent British Intelligence. We have above given the particulars of the distressing proceedings in the Royal family. They are deeply to be lamented, at the present moment, when every exertion should be made to preserve the public opinion of royalty from falling at a lower rate of discount, than already exists. We have also given full details of the Parliamentary proceedings. We mentioned the threat of Lord Durham to bring forward every case of Aristocratic adultery, if Lord Winchilsea persisted in his attack upon Mr. Turton. The Examiner thus commences a very severe commentary upon the Tory course:— Lord Winchilsea, boiling over with zeal for the private morality of public men, moved for copies of the correspondence which had taken place between Lords Melbourne and Durham respecting the employment by the latter of Mr. Turton. The noble self-created censor of morals was somewhat taken aback by an unusual boldness on the part of Lord Melbourne, who, Lord Durham being present, was obliged to say that a communication, merely private, had been made upon the subject, and that Lord Durham had positively refused to dismiss Mr. Turton or to permit him to resign. This was repeated by Lord Durham in person, who with that manliness for which he is distinguished, declared that Mr. Turton is a man of great talents and estimable character notwithstanding the lapse in morals which faction has made notorious ; and that if "an ex post facto punishment were insisted upon in one case, he (Lord Durham) would go into the case of every public man who had been proved to have committed adultery." Thus met, the pious pretender shrunk into his native littleness. We are not inclined to underrate the moral evils of the crime of adultery, but it is one which the opinion of this country has referred for repression to a moral sanction, and there are too many shades of criminality in different cases to make us wish to see it subjected to a legal sanction. At all events we object to that quasi legal punishment implied in excluding men from public employement. We believe Lord Winchilsea professes to be a reader of his Bible, may we ask his lordship whether he ever met with the passage wherein CHRIST'S judgment on the woman taken in adultery is recorded ? Has he capacity to understand the high import of the sentence, " Let him who is without sin cast the first stone ?" The leading Journals are considerably occupied with the proceedings of the Convention" sitting in London, and of the meeting of the " Chartist" masses in the provinces. They exhibit certainly a state of things which cannot render the position of any ministry extremely desirable. Lord John Russell, on giving notice of his intention to bring the state of Ireland under consideration, expressed the determination of minis- ters to resign , if the reforms, civil and ecclesiastical, which they proposed for that unhappy country, should be rejected, as we understood the report of his speech, by the Lords. If so, matters ase coming to a crisis. Will the Tories take office ? Can they continue to refuse the reforms—which refusal will obtain them the so-desired loaves and fishes ? We think not. The Examiner, the whig (weekly) organ, thus writes upon the present proceedings of the Radicals:— It is most desirable that subjects of this sort should be thoroughly canvassed: and not that they should be postponed altogether to political arrangements, which are but means to an end. The question has sometimes been asked, what would be done were the people of this country to wake some morning, and find the nation revolutionized, and all obstruction removed to the immediate embodiment of its will in laws and institutions ? The question is not very practical; but neither would a wise answer very frequently ready. It may suggest one of a rather more practical description, viz: what would the masses do with Universal Suffrage, if they were to get it to-morrow? Many could tell us ; but there are symptoms of late that some certainly could not; and that the points to which we now refer are by no means so clearly understood as is desirable. Ulterior measures, of a kind to render political freedom subservient to social prosperity, are the least ulterior measures for the attention of the claimants of the Suffrage. We have no notion of pikes, daggers, and girth-cutters, as ulterior measures. There has been, it seems, in some quarters, sad nonsense, if not wicked treachery, about arming ; and about arming with the weapons not of the citizen, but of the assassin. Any scheme of this sort can only be the work of spies or madmen. Are the times of Castlereagh forgotten ? Was there not then sufficient instruction as to the instigators of such preposterous proceedings ? When a great political right can be rationally reckoned upon as the prize of conflict, we affect no squeamishness upon the subject. Not less do we deplore and deprecate the insanity of any such expectancy in the present state of this country. The only result of an armed outbreak would be a wanton waste of blood, and restrictions to avenge its daring, and prevent its recurrence, that should place society more than ever in the iron grasp of power. We hope to hear no more of this nonsense, which Whig and Tory are watching with lynx-like eyes, till they see their time to pounce upon some of the partial rights, by which alone we can peacefully work out the attainment of Universal Rights. The Radical Press can only fulfil its present duty by warning, as well as stimulating. On the other hand, the True Sun, Mr. Harvey's Journal, distinguished for the ability with which it advocates the cause of liberty, thus commences a very powerful call upon the people, to persevere in obtaining their rights:— Wretched, indeed, would be the condition of humanity if we consistently followed out through all social ties this principle of increasing the independence and powers of the governor in proportion to the weakness of the governed If ignorance is to be a plea for enslaving the many, there will be no law but that of tyranny and force. You cannot have a paternal government —one that shall entertain towards the people, the pious and affectionate solicitude of a parent for his child—unless that government springs from, and is completely animated with the spirit of the people. Show us a human power independent of the people that can and will control the government, and make it perform the duties to the people, and we may be inclined to listen to the notion that the poor have nothing to do with the laws but to obey them....... The national ignorance must be suicidal in the extreme, if the universal possession of citizenship could not oppose some barrier to the oppression of the few. Is not the charge of such ignorance pervading British slaves sufficiently refuted by the fact, that they do now present a formidable front to aristocratic misrule? The Established Church continues to be daily increasing in disfavor with the great body of the nation. The Spectator shows conclusively, that to the voluntary principle the Government must sooner or later come. Referring to Lord Durham's celebrated and splendid Canadian " Report," the Spectator thus writes :— What is the fact ? Lord Durham declares the voluntary principle works so well in the United States, and that the Church of England is so grossly oppressive, that all the evils in Upper Canada may be traced to its cruelty and injustice. The following are extracts from that report which have reference to this subject:— The result of any determination on the part of the British Government or Legislature to give one sect a predominance and superiority, would be, it might be feared, not to secure the favored sect, but to endanger the loss of the colony, and in vindicating the peculiar pretensions of the English Church, to hazard one of the fairest possessions of the British crown. I am bound, indeed,, to state that there is a degree of feeling, and an unanimity of opinion on the question of ecclesiastical establishments over the northern part of the continent of America, which it will be prudent not to overlook in the settlement of this question. The superiority of what is called the " voluntary principle" is a question on which I may almost say there is no difference of opinion in the United States; and it cannot be denied that in this, as on other points, the tone of thought prevalent in the Union has exerted a very considerable influence over the neighbouring provinces The establishment of a dominant church there, is a creation of exclusive privileges in favor of one out of many religious denominations, and that composing a small minority, at the expense not merely of the majority, but of many as large minorities. The Church too, for which alone it is proposed that the State should provide, is the Church, which being that of the wealthy, can best provide for itself, and has the fewest poor to supply with gratuitous religious instruction. A still stronger objection to the creation of a church establishment in this colony, is, that not merely are the members of the Church of England a small minority at present, but inasmuch as the majority of emigrants are not members of the Church of England, the disproportion is likely to increase instead of disappearing in the course of time. The mass of British emigrants will be either from the middle classes of Great Britain, or the poorer classes of Ireland, the latter almost exclusively Catholics, and the former in a great proportion either Scotch Presbyterians or English Dissenters. The American disputed territory is in form nearly a triangle. It is bounded E. and N. E. by New Brunswick; W. and N. W. by Lower Canada; S. W. by Massachusetts. Its southern side by Maine is about 140 miles long, north- west side about 175 miles, and east side 150 miles. It contains 10,000 square miles—seven millions of acres. The weekly True Sun (Mr. Harvey's paper) strongly opposes every thing like appeal to physical force, with all the powers, as well of sound argument, as of biting ridicule. We copy the following from that ably conducted and powerfully influential Journal :— To those who talk wildly about fighting, brandish daggers on a hustings (imitating therein the folly of a Baronet in a ball-room), and stimulate others to similar silliness, we say in a tone of friendly warning, beware. The whigs are already gloating, by anticipation, over a similar repression of the " Reformers" in this country, which they have effected in Canada. The hangman's rope and convict chain, are to them familiar means of securing " the loyalty" of the people, and upholding the " dignity of the Crown." The public here are too apt to forget what is passing in the Colonies.—The same pen with which Lord John Russell forbad public meetings, or dismissed Mr. Frost, may have written a minute, directing the recent dreadful and uncalled-for " effusion of blood in Canada." He cants and whines in the House of Commons as a pretended bigot, and the submissive creature of the Hierarchy ; he affects a religious fanaticism, which renders him the laughing stock of the nation, and compels his most zealous adherents to wail over " the painful exhibition ;" yet the same man is ruthlessly sanctioning executions in Canada, which makes the American continent stand aghast, and sends a thrill of joy through the heart of every despot fo the world. Let the infatuated men who counsel armed resistance to the law, remember that the narrow-minded and feeble statesman is invariably cruel—his prejudices and his fears make him so. They may, under the influence of a new position, feel imbued with the spirit of a martyr, but let him recollect that in earning martyrdom, (if such they think it,) for themselves, they will retard the emancipation of their fellow-workmen, perhaps for another half century. Lord Ebrington, the new Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, is in his 57th year. His politics have been of that accommodating description. that have enabled him to fill on all necessary occasions the useful office of ministerial " trimmer;" as for instance, to move the previous question to get rid of a posing motion—qualify a resolution by amendment, addition or substraction, so as to neutralize effect, and render his party similar valuable services. His close connection with the tories, being son-in-law to the Pitt Ryder, the thick and thin Harrowby, readily account s for the Velluti quality of his politics. So after all the heiress hunting, the ducal 