QUEEN VICTORIA. ( Continued from snr last, j The crisis had now arrived, which li.nl been fixed for the coronation of our beloved Queen, and of course was the all-absorbing theme of. the United Kingdom. All classes were occupied in devising how to testify their joy and affection on the interesting occasion. We copy from the Sunbeam, the following coronation song written al that memorable period. ' VICTORIA QUEEN OF THE ISLES. ' Oh I long on thy brow may the diadem shine, Thy sceptre hold sway England's millions above, Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle, in harmony twine. And wreathe round thy brow like a garland of love. May discord -be banish'd, fair peace ever fling O'er palace and cottage its blessings and smiles. Whilst from many a voice the loud anthem shall ring, All hail to Victoria, the Queen of the Isles ! ' And when years shall have pass'd we will bless the bright hour, When thy star of dominion in radiance arose, A nd trust as it sets, that no dark clouds may lower, To dim its pure light, or disturb its repose : But oh ! long may it be ere. that lustre decays, Or tears dew the faces that hail there with smiles, Long, long live thy name in the minstrels glad lays, And our hearts, as Victoria, the queen of the Isles.' 1 he coronation of Queen Victoria was ce lebrated on Thursday June 28th 1838— the joyous day- when the crown of the realm was placed upon the head of the most popular and beloved sovereign that bas wielded the British sceptre since the days;of Alfred. This splendid and majestic ceremony did not in the least de gree affect or alter any of the retired habits pre viously enjoyed by her Majesty, and the same care and attention were observed after the co ronation as before. The attendants were as rigjlent and careful for the security of their mistress as we are in the common concerns of life. Everything that is precious to us we place under lock and key (or at least ought so to do.) ' The smith's daughter' as the whole, ma chinery is called, invented for the security of ourselves, and our goods and chatties ; has the charge of our bank-notes, when we are fortu nate enough to possess such novelties, our plate, heaven save the mark! could all be contained in a bread-basket, our old wine, just three do fcen and four hollies of crusted port, and eight of pale sherry, (for we counted nine only yesterday ;) all these and many more valuables we, put under the custody of this fair maiden (kejr,) with a heart of steel, and as she is of the family of Bramah we have never doubled her trustworthiness. : Can we then be surprised, that the most precious gem in old England — the fair, youth ful and at the time we are speaking of maiden queen, should every night be consigned to the vigilant keep of this same daughter of Vulcan, so renowned for her preservation of all things intrusted to her charge. Yes, it was even so ! Court etiquette demanded, nor ought we to wonder at it, that the present sovereign of Eng land then in her teens, should have been locked up every night, and the key kept by a Lady of the bedchamber. We do. not mean to assert that the Queen could not have egress at pleasure from her own sleeping apartment either through the hours of night or day, but that the whole suite of rooms consecrated to the use of herself and female attendants were, or ought to have been, the last thing at night closed and locked safely by Lady ? ? — besides the outer door leading to them in Buckingham Palace, and that it was a part of her duty to do this office with her own fair hand; but in the morning she would not be obliged, in her own person to unlock these doors. She might and generally did employ., a.;deputy — one of the inferior attend-, ants, her own ? woman, who was allowed the privilege of setting the royal prisoner free. All this was nothing but a form it is true, and one at which the whole court constantly laughed, yet still it never was neglected. We say never— although during the late festivities after the coronation, when the grey-eyed dawn peeped in through every hole and crevice to witness, if it could, these courtly revels in high places, and such men as the Duke of Wellington and Marshal Soult vying with each other, who could say the civilest things, — although once and only once, it seems this duty was forgotten, and the smith's daughter, had a sinicure place of it for one entire night; for the sun was up and busy before the alarmed lady of the bedchamber, waking up from her soft slumber, recollected that through fatigue, or flirtation, or forgetfulness, her royal mistress was at that very moment reposing like a pearl in cotton, without the safeguard of a patent lock, in short, that the dragon of the golden fruit had failed in her vocation, and had neglected to lock up the Queen. Dreadful was the alarm of Lady ? ! Not Priam of old Troy, or the ghost of Hec tor, ever started up with more affright ! A dim vision of the Tower of Londo n, swam before her eyes ! The grave rebuke of Lord Mel bourne — ' severe in mature beauty,' tingled in her ears! with the fiend, and scizeing the lamp that innocently was burning within her chamber,- she rushed out in her night attire, trusting to repair her negligence, or rather to prevent its being known in those high quar ters from whence reprimands and dismissals come. With feet uncovered, and moving as ra pidly as Camilla of old over the scarce bend ing corn that felt not her tread, did Lady — ? speed with lamp in one hand and the momentous keys in the other, through those sacred chambers; and oh, how relieved was her ' bosom's lord upon the throne,' her palpitating heart, when she heard the wards move and the bolt shoot !— she had performed her duty — her Majesty was now locked vp. It chanced that one of the butterfly pages, belonging to our fair young Queen, weary with bis attendance during the long night, and doing what all boy-pages do, and for that matter all boys that are not p:\ges also, went prowling about into forbidden places — 'a youthful Adam, with. a beardless cheek,' and at length, thinking, I suppose, of no harm, he laid himself down iipon a couch within this suite of consecrated rooms, where the foot of man had never entered since they had received their present royal tenants, and then, after in dulging himself in some strange imaginings, his saucy blue eyes involuntarily closed them selves like the evening primrose, and the page fell fast asleep. During this charmed repose, a bright vision flitted quickly before him ! His eyes opened by instinct— he saw the lovely Lady of the bed chamber clptbed in white lawn, and looking' pale as spirits are supposed to look, with a taper in one hand and something glittering in the other — ' perchance a dagger,' (for there are ghosts of daggers as well as of men and wo men, we are told on high authority ;) the boy trembled at what he saw — rubbed his eyes — fch lii-u-iMp.rar1 . ? mid. 'with a discretion worthv of riper years, crept noiselessly under the, sofa, partly to get out of harms way, and to see what was going on ; for these pages, breathing as they do the air of courts, have a pretty consi derable share of curiosity about them, something allied to that which Peeping Tom of Coventry formerly possessed, when he got a bird's eye view of the patriotic Lady Godiva of blessed memory. Swift as a whirlwind did Lady ? pass, and as swiftly did she return ; her perihelion was the Queen's apartment, and the fair vision re turned, but as she vanished, she locked the other or outer door of the antichamber, and left the young page to his luckless destiny. In gilded cage Our hapless page Was like a goldfinch caught, With fright his breast j Became opprest. As on his state he thought. ' What will the Queen say to me ?' mur mured the boy ' when she knows how 1 have been entrapped ! will she ever forgive me for coming hither ? What excuse can I make ? I will tell the truth, aud throw myself upon the royal clemency.' (To be continued.) 