Ji'tl un"lpllllrrp'Tn DTIoult. PERfSONAL ADVF:NTU[RES OF MASTER IIUt I'll REY. TIlE OLI, CURIOSITY SHOP. Night is generally my time for walking. In the summerI often leave houme early in the morning. and roam aboit fields and lanes all day, or even escape for days or weeks together, but saving in the country I seldom go out until after dark, though, Heaven be thanked, I love its light and feel the cheerfulness it sheds upon the earth, as much as any creature living. I have fallen insensibly into this habit, both be cause it favours my infirmity, and because it affords use greater opportunity of speculating on the cha racters and occupations of those who fill the streets. The glare and Irurry of broad noon are not adapted to idle pursuits like mine; a glimpse of passing faces caught by the light of a street lamp or a shop window is often better for my purpose than their full revelation in the daylight, and, if I must add the truth, night is kinder in this respect than day, which too often destroys an air-built castle at the moment of its comFpletion, without the smallest cere mony or'remorse. That constant pacing to and fro, that never-ending restlessness, that incessant tread of feet wearing the rough stones smooth and glossy-is it not a wonder how the dwellers in narow ways can bear to hear it? Think of a sick man in such a place as Saint Martin's court, listening to the footsteps, and in the 'midst of pain and weariness obliged, despite himself, (as though it were a task lie must perform) to detect the child's step from the man's, the slipshod beggar from the booted exquisite, the lounging from the busy, the dull heel of the sauntering outcast from '-the quick tread of an expectant pleasure.seeker `' think of the hum and noise being ailways present to -his senses, and -of the i stream of life that will not stop, pouring, on, on, on, through all his restless dreams, as if he were condemned to lie dead, but conscious, in a noisy churchyard, and no -hope of rest for centuries to come. Then the crowds for ever passing and 'repassing on the bridges (or those which are free of toll at least) where many stop on fine evenings looking listlessly down upon the water, with some vague idea that by and by it runs between green banks which grow wider and wider, until at last it joins the broad vast sea-where some halt to rest from heavy loads, and think as they look over the parapet that to smoke and lounge away one's life and lie sleeping in the sun upon a hot tarpaulin, in a dull, slow, sluggish barge, must be happiness unalloyed, and where some, and a very different class, pause with heavier 'loads than they, remembering to have heard or read in some old time that drowning was not a hard death, but of all means of suicide the easiest and best. 'Covent Garden Market at sunrise, too, in the spring or summer, 'when the fragrance of sweet 'flowers is in the air, overpowering even the unwhole some steams of last night's debauchery, and driving the dusky thrush, whose cage has hung outside a garret wisdow all night long, half mad with joy I Poor birdi the only neighbouring thing at all akin to the other little captives, some of whom, shrinking from tihe hot hands of drunken purchasers, lie drooping on the path already, while others, soddened by close contact, await the time when they shall be watered and freshened up to please more sober com pany, and make old clerks who pass them on their road to business wonder what has filled their breasts with visions of the country. But my present purpose is not to expatiate upon my walks, for I have an adventure to relate ; it arose out of one of these rambles, and thus I have been led to speak of them by way of preface. One night I had roamed into the city, and' was walking slowly on in my usual way, musing upon a great many things, when I was arrested by an .ianquiry, the purport of which did not reach me, but which seemed to be addressed to myself, and was preferred-in a soft, sweet voice that struck me very .pleasantly. I turned hastily round, and 'found at any elbow a pretty little girl, who begged to be directed to a certain street at a considerable dis tance, and indeed in quite another quarter -of the -town. ""It is a veryjong way frombhere," said I, "my child." " I-know that, sir," she replied timidly. "'I am afraid it is a very long -way, for I came -from there to- night." "Alone? " said I, in some surprise. "Oh, yes, I don't mind that; but I am a little frightened now, for Ibhave lost my road." " And what made you ask it of me? Suppose I should tell you wrong." " I am sure you will not do that," said the little creature; "you am such a very old gentleman, and walk so slow yourself." -I cannot describe how much I was impressed by -this appeal and the energy with which it was made, which brought atear into the child's clear eye, and made her sliglht figure tremble as-she looked up into ,ay face. Come;" said I, "'I'll take you there;" Shite put her hand into mine as confidingly as if she had known me from her cradle, and we trudged away together; the little creature accommodating her pace to mine, and rather seeming to lead and take care of me than I to be protecting her. I observed that every now and then she stole a curious look at my face, as if to make quite sure that I was not deceiving her, and that these glances (very sharp and keen they were, too,) seemed to increase her confidence at every repetition. For my part, my curiosity and interest were at least equal to the-child's, for child she certainly was, although I thought -it probable, from what I could make out, that her very small and delicate frame imparted a peculiar youthfulness to her appearance. Though more scantily attired than she might have been, she was dressed with perfect neatness, and betrayed no marks of poverty or neglect. " Who has sent you so far by yourselfl" said I. " Somebody who is very kind to me, sir." ' And what have you been doing-?" " That I-must not tell," said the child firmly. 'There-was something in the manner of this reply which caused me to look at the little creature withl an involuntary expression of surprise; for I won diered what kind of errand it could be thlat occasioned her to be prepared for questioning. Iler quick eye seemed to read my thoughts, for as it met mine she added that there was no harm in what she had been doing, but it was a great secret-a secret whichl site did not even know herself. This was said with no appearance of cunning or -leceit,:but with an unsuspicious frankness that bore the impress of truth. She walked on as before, growing more familiar with me as-we proceeded, and talking cheerfully by the way; but she said no more about her home, beyond remarking that we were going quite a new road, and asking if at were a short one. While we were thus engaged I revolved in my mind a hundred different explanations of the riddle, and rejected them every one. I really felt ashamed to take advantage of the ingenuousness or grateful feeling of tihe childfor the purpose of gratifying my curiosity. I love these little people; and It is tnrot a slight thling when they, who are so fresh from God, love us. As I had felt pleased at first by her econfi dence I determined to deserve it, and to do credit to the nature which ,had prompted her to repose it in -me. Them was no-reason, however, why I should re. frain from seeing the person who had inconsiderately sent her to so great a distance by night and alone; and as it- was not improbable that if she found her self near home, she might take farewell of me and deprive me of -thle opportunity, I avoided the most -frequented ways and took the most intricate; and thus it was not until we arrived in thre street itself that she knew were we were. Clapping her hands with pleasure, and munning on before me for a short distance, my little acquaintance stoped at a door, and remaining on thre step till I came up, knocked at it when I joined her. A part of this door was glass unprotected by any shutter, which I did not observe at first, for all was very dark and silent within, and I was anxious (as indeed tihe child was also) for an answer to our sum mons, When shIe had knocked twice or thrice, there was a noise as if some person were moving inside, and at length a faint light appeared tlrough the glass, whichs, as it approached very slowly, the bearer having to make hiis way tlhrough a great many scattered articles, enabled me to see both what kind of person it was who advanced and what kind of plico it was tlirougih which he came. It was a little old man with long grey hair, whose face and figure, as ite held the light above hIsis head and looked before him a" he approached, I could plainly see. Though much altered by age, I fancied I could recognise in his spare and slender form something of that delicate mould which I had noticed in the child. 'ITheir bright blue eyes were certainly alike; but hIis face was so deeply furrowed and so very full of care, that hiere all esemblonce ceased. •'he place through whichl he made ilis way at leisure, was one of those receptacles for old and curi ous things which seem to crouch in old corners of this town, and to hide their musty treasures from the public eye in jealousy and distrust. There were suits of mail standing like ghosts in armour here and ,hero, fantastic carvings brought from monkish cloisters, rusty weatons of various kinds, distorted ligures to china and wood and iron and ivory: tapes. try and strange furniture that might have been de signed in dreams. The haggard aspect of tihe little old man was wonderfully suited to the place; he might have groped among old churchles and tombs and deserted houses, and gathered all the spoils with ihis own hands. 'There was nothing in the whole collection but what was in keeping with him self; iothing that looked older or more worn than he. As he turned the key in tihe lock Ihe surveyed rme with some astonishment, which was not diminished when he looked from me to my companion. The door being opened, tile child add.essed him as grandfather, and told him the little story of our com panionship. " Why bless thee child," said the old man, pat ting her on the head, " how couldst thou miss thy way 1 What is I had lost thee, Nell?" " 1 would have found my way back to you, grand. father," said the child boldly ; " never fear." The old man kissed her, and then turning to me and begging ore to walk in, I did so. The door was closed and locked. Preceding me with the light, he led me through tihe place 1 had already seen from without, into a small sitting room behind, in which was another door opening into a kind of closet, where I saw a little bed that a fairy might have slept in, it looked so very small and so prettily arranged. The child took a candle and tripped into this little room, leaving the old man and me together. " You must be tired, sir," said hIo, as he placed a chair near the fire, " how can I thank you 1 " D? taking more care of your grandchild an otrher time, my good friend," I replied. " More care " said the old man in a shrill voice, " more care of Nelly I wihy who ever loved a child as I love Nell ?" He said this with such evident surprise that I was perplexed what answer to make, and the more so because, coupled with something feeble and wan dering in his manner, there-were in his face marks of deep and anxious thought, which convinced me that lie could not be, as I had at first been inclined to suppose, in a state of dotage or imbecility. " I don't think you consider"-1 began. " I don't consider !" cried tire old man, interrupt ing me, " I don't consider her ! ai, how little you know of the truth I Little Nelly, little Nelly! " It would be impossible for arty man, I care not what his form of speech might be, to express mote affection than the dealer in curiosities did, in these four words. 1 waited for him to speak again, but he rested his chin upon his hand, and shaking his head twice or thrice, fixed his eyes upon the lire. While we were sitting thus in silence, the door of *a closet opened, and the child returned, her light brown hair hanging loose about her neck, and her face flushed with the haste she had made to rejoin us. She busied herself immediately in preparing supper, and while she was thus engaged I remarked that the old man took an opportunity of observing me more closely titan he had done yet. I was sur. prised to see that all this time everything was done by the child, and that there appeared to be no other persons but ourselves in the house. I took advantage of a moment when she was absent to venture a hint on this point, to which the old man replied that there were few grown persons who are as trustworthy or as careful as sihe. "' It always grieves me," I observed, roused by what I took to be his selfishness, " it always grieves me to contemplate the initiation of children into the ways of life, when they are scarcely more than infants. It checks theirconfidenceand simplicity two of the best qualities that Heaven gives them and demands that they share our sorrows before they are capable of entering into our enjoyments." '" It will never check hers," said the old man, looking steadily at me, " the springs are too deep. Besides, the children of the poor know but few plea sures. Even the chear delights of childhood must be bought and paid for. " But-forgtve me for saying thlis-you are not so very poor," said I. v' She is not my child, sir," returned the old man. " Her mother was, and site was poor. I save no thing, not a penny, though 1 live asyou see, but" he laid his hand uponmy arm and leant forward to whisper, " she shall be rich one of these days, and a fine lady. Don't you think ill of me because 1 use her help. Site gives it cheerfully as you see, and it would break her heart if she knew that 1 suffered anybody else to do for me what her little bands could undertake. I don't consider l"-he cried with sudden.querulousness, " why, God knows that this one child is the thought and object of my life, and yet he never prospers me-no, never." At this juncture the subject or our conversation again returned, and the old man motioning me to approach the table, broke off, and said no more. We had scarcely begun our repast when there was a knock at the door by which I had entered, and Nell bursting into a hearty laugh, which I was re joiced to hear, for it was childlike and full of hila rity, said it was no doubt dear old Kit come back at last. " Foolish Nelil" said the old man, fondling with her hair. " Sie always laughs at poor Kit." The child laughed again more Iheartily than be fore, and I could not help smiling from pure sym. pathy. The little old man took up a candle and went to open the door. When he came back, Kit was at his heels. Kit was a shock-headed shambling awkward lad, with an uncommonly wide mouth, very red cheeks, a turned up nose, and certainly the most comical expression of face I ever saw. ie stopped short at tihe door on seeing a stranger, twirled in his hand a perfectly round old hat without any vestige of a brim, and resting himself now on one leg and now on tile other, and changing them constantly, stood in the door-way, looking into the parlour with the most extraordinary leer I ever beheld. I entertained a grateful feeling towards the boy from that minute, for I feltthat he was tie comedy of the child's life. " A long way, wasn't it, Kit " said tihe little old man, " Why then, it was a goodish stretch, master," returned Kit. " Did you find thie Ihouse easily 1" " Why then, not over and above easy, master," said Kit. " Of course you hIave come back hungry I" SWhy then, I do consider myself rather so, mas ter," was trhe answer. The lad~had a remarkable way of standing side waes as he spoke, and thrusting hris head forward ver his shoulder, as if Ihecould not get at his voice without that accompanying action. I think he would have amused one anywhere, but tile child's exquisite enjoyment of Iris oddity, and the relief it was to:find that there was something she associated with merriment in a place that appeared so unsuited to her, were quite irresistible. It was a great point too that Kit hlimsolfwas flattered by the sensation he created, and after several efforts to preserve hIis gravity, burst into a loud roar, and so stood with hiis mnouth wide open and his eyes nearly shut, laughing violently. 'lThe old man had again relapsed into hiris former abstraction and took no notice of what passed, but I remarked that when her laugh was over the child's briglt eyes were dimmed with tears, called forth by tie fulneas of heart with which she welcomed hrer uncouth favourite after the little anxiety of the night. As for Kit himself (whose laugh hIad been all the time one of that sort which very little would change into a cry) hire carried a large slice of bread and meat and a mug of beer into a oeerndr, and applied hlimself to disposing of them with great voracity. " AhI I" said tire old man turning to me with a sigh as if I hIad spoken to him but that moment, '" you don't know what you say when you toll me that I don't consider hIer." " You must riot attach too great weight to a re mark founded on first appearances, my friend," said I. " No," returned the old man tlouglhtfully, "no. Come hIithler Nell." The little girl hIastened from Iheor seat, and put lher arm about his neck. "Do I love the, Nell 2" said he. "Say-do I love thee, Nell, or no I" Tie child only answered by hier caresses, and laid Iher head upon his breast. " Why dost thou sob 1" said the qrandfathler, pres. sing hier closer to him and glancing towards me. "It is because thou know'st I love theb, and dost not like thrat I shlrould seem to doubt it by my ques dtioni Well, well-then let us say 1 love thee dearly." "Indeed, indeed you do," replied thie chlild with great earnestness, " Kit knows you do." Kit, who in despatching Ilis bread and meat had been swallowing two thiirds of his knife at every mouthful with tile coolness of a juggler, stopped short inl his operations on being thus appealed to, and bawled " Nobody isn't such a fool as to say lie doesn't," after which he incapacitated himself for furtherconversation by taking a most prodigious sandwich at one bite. "She is poor now"-said the old man palting the child's cheek, " but I say again that the time is coming when she shall be ncll. It has been a long lime coming, but it must come at last; a very long time, but it surely must come. It has come to other men who do nothing but waste and riot. When will it come to me I" " I am very happy as I am, grandfather," said the child. "T'l'usl, tulel, I" returned the old man, "thou dost not know-how slould'st thou !" 'Then he mut tered again between his teeth, "the time mustcome, I am very sure it must. It will he all the better for cooming latel" and then he sighed and fell into his former inusnig state, and still holding the child be tween his knees appeared to be insensible to every thing around him. By this time it wanted but a few minutes of midnight, aud I rose to go, which recalled him to himself. " One moment, sir," lihe said. " Now Kit-near midnight, boy, and you still here ! Get home, get home. and be true to your time in the mnorning. for there's work to do. Good night I There, bid him good night, Nell, and let him be gone !" " Good night, Kit," said the child, her eyes light. ing up with merriment and kindness. " Good night, Miss Nell," returned the boy. " And thank this gentleman," interposed the old man, "but for whose care I might have lost my little girl to night." " No, no, master," said Kit, " that won't do, that won't." " What do you mean ?" cried the old man. " I'd have found her, master," said Kit, "I'd have found her. I'd bet that I'd find her if she was above ground. . would as quick as anybody, master. t liHa, Iha, ha!" Once more opening his mouth and shutting his eyes, and laughing like a stentor, Kit gradually v backed to tile door, and roared himself out. Free of the room, the boy was not slow in taking his departure; when he had gone and tile child was occupied in clearing tihe table, the old man said : " I haven't seemed to thank you., sir, enough for what you have done to-niglt, but I do thank you humbly and heartily, a d so does she, and her thanks are better worth than mine. I should be sorry that you went away and thought I was un mindful of your goodness, or careless of her-I am not indeed." I was sure of that, I said, from what I had seen. " But," I added, " may I ask you a question 1" SAy sir." replied the old man, " what is it ?" "This delicate child," said I, " with so much p beauty and intelligence--has she nobody to care for t her but you, has she no other companion or ad viser ?" " No," he returned, looking steadfastly in my t face, "no, and slte wants no other." " But are you not fearful," said I, "that you k may misunderstand ascharge so tender? I am sure you mean well, but are you quite certain that you know how to execute such a trust as this? I am an old man, like you. and I ant actuated by an old man's concern in all that is young and promising. t Do you not think that what I have seen of you and 5 this little creature to-night must have an interest e not wholly free from pain 1" c "Sir," rejoined the old man after a moment's 11 silence, " I have no right to feel hurt at what you c say. It is true that in many respects I am the child, 0 and she tile grown person-that you have seen o already. But waking or sleeping, by night or day, in sickness or health, she is the one object of my care, and if you knew ofrhow much care, you would q look on me with different eyes, you would indeed. Ah'! it's a weary life for an old man-a weary, v weary life-but there is a great end to gain, and I that I keep before me." a Seeing that he was in a state of excitement and v impatience, I turned to put on an outer coat which tI I had thrown off on entering the room, purposing to say nomore. I was surprised to see the child i standing patiently by with a cloak upon her arm, f and in her hand a hat and stick. " Those are not mine, my dear," said I. "No;" returned the child quietly, "they are I grandfather's." t But lihe is not going out to-night." g " Oh, yes he is," said the child, with a smile. e " And what becomes of you, my pretty one ?" a " Mel I stay here, of course. I always do." 0 I looked in astonishment towards the old man, t but he was, or feigned to be, busied in the arrange ment of his dress. From him 1 looked back to the t slight gentle figure of the child. Alone! In that s gloomy place all the long, dreary night! She evinced no consciousness of my surprise, but b cheerfully helped the old man with his cloak, and c when he was ready took'a candle to light us out. e Finding that we did not follow as she expected, site looked back with a smile and waited for us. The a old man showed by his face that he plainly under- a stood the cause of any hesitation, but Ihe merely t signed to me with an inclination of the head to pass e out of the room before him, and remained silent. I ti had no resource but to comply. When we reached the door the child, setting down the candle, turned to say good night, and raised her face to kiss me. Then she ran to the old matn, who folded her in his arms and bade God bless her. " Sleep soundly, Nell," he said in a low voice, "and angels guard thy bed. Do not forget thy a pray ers, my sweet." No indeed,"answered the child fervently, "they b make nme feel so happy !" " That's well; I know they do; they should," said the old man. " Bless thee a hundred times. Early in the morning I shall be home." " You'll not riong twice," -returned the child. "The bell wakes me, even in the middle of a dream." -With this they separated. The child opened the door (now guarded by a shutter which I had heard the boy put up before lie left the house), and with e another farewell, whose clear and tender note I have recalled a thousand times, held it until we had passed out. Thie old man paused a moment while it was gently closed and fastened on tihe inside, and satisfied that this was done, walked on at a slow pace. At the street corner hle stopped, and regard ong me with a troubled countenance said that our ways were widely different and that hlie must take his leave. I would have spoken, but summoning up more alacrity than miglltlhave been expected in one of his appearance, he hurried away. I could see that twice or thrice he looked back as if to ascertain if I were still watching him, or perhaps to assure hlimself that I was not following at a distance. The obscurity of tile night favoured his disappearance, t and Iis figure was soon beyond my sight. I remained standing on the spot where he had I left me, unwilling to depart, and yet unknowing why I shouldloiter here. I looked wistfully into the street we had lately quitted, and after a time directed my steps that way. I passed and repassed the house and stbpped and listened at the dooc; all was dark, and silent as the grave. Yet 1 ling?ered about, and could not tear myself I away, thinking of all possible harm that might hap pen to the child-of fires and robberies and even murder-and feeling as if some evil must ensue if I turned my back upon the place. The closing of a door or window in the street broughlt me before the curiosity-dealer's once more; I crossed the road and looked up at thie house to assure myself that the noise had not come from there. No, it was black, cold, and lifeless as before. There were few passengers astir: the street was sad and dismal, and pretty well my own. A few stragglers fron the theatres turried by, and now and then I turned aside to avoid somean noisy drunkard as he reeled Ihonewards; but these interruptions were not frequent, and soon ceased. The clock struck one. Still I paced up end down, promising myself that every time should be the last, and breaking faith with mjself on some new plea as often as I did so. 'lThe more I thought of what the old man had said, and of his looks and bearing, the lessl could account for what I had seen and heard. I had a strange misgiving that tlis nightly absence was for no good purpose. I had only come to know the fact through the innocence of the child, and though the old man was by at the time and saw my undisguised surprise, he had preserved a strange mystery upon the sub ject, and offered no word of explanation. These reflections naturally recalled again more strongly than before his haggard face, his wandering manner, his restless, anxious looks. Ilis affection for the child might not be inconsistent with villany of the worst kind; even that very affection was in itself an extraordinary contradiction, or lhowv could hle leave her.thlus I Disposed as I wis to think badly of him, I never doubted that hlis love for her was real. I could not admit the thought, remembering what lind passed between us, and tile tone of voice in whilch lhe had called her by her name. "Stop here, ol course," the child had said in an- 1 swer to my question, "I always dol" Whlat could take him irom home by night, and every night 1 1 called up all the strange tales I had ever heard of dark and secret deeds committed in great towns and escaping detection for a long series of years; gtild as many of these stories were, I could not find one adapted to this mystery, which only becamne the more -impenetrable in proportion as I sought to suove it. Occupied with such thoughts as these, and a cuwd of others all tending to the same point, I con tinued to pace the street for two long hours; at length the rain began to descend heavily, and then, overpowered by fatigue, though no less interested than I had been at first. I engaged the nearest coach, and so got homo. A cheerful fire was blazing on the hearth, the lamp burnt brightly, my clock received me with its old familiar welcome; everything was tquiet, warm, and cheering, and in hIappy contra t to lde gloom and darkness 1 had quitted. But all that night, waking or in my sleep, the same thoughts recurred and the same images retained possession of my brain. I had ever before me the old dark murky rooms-the gaunt suits of mail, with their ghostly, silent air-the faces all awry, grinning from wood and stone-the dust and rust worm that lives in wood-and alone, iu time midst of all this lumber and decay and ugly ago, the beautiful child in her gentle slumber, smiling through hlier light and sunny dreams. (To be continuclt.) A ROMAN AMBASSADOR.-- ThO Ro mans immediately sent an embassy to Tarentum to demand satisfaction for all these outrages. L. P'os. tumius was the principal ambassador; and the in stant that lie and his colleagues landed they were beset by a disorderly crowd, who ridiculed their fo reign dress, the white toga wrapped round tihe body like a plaid, with its broad scarlet border. At last they were admitted into the theatre, where the peo ple were assembled ; but it was again a time of festi val, and the Tarentines were more disposed to coarse buffoonery and riot than to serious counsel. When Postumius spoke to them in Greek, the assembly broke out into laughter at his pronunciation, and at any mistakes in Iris language; but the Roman deli vered his commission unmoved, gravely and simply, as though lie had not so much as observed the in sults offered to him. At last a worthless drunkard of known profligacy came up to the Roman ambas sador, and purposely threw dirt in the most offen. sive manner upon has white toga. Postumius said, " We accept the omen ; ye shall give us even more than we ask of you ;" and held up the sullied toga before the multitude, to show them the outrage which lie had received. But bursts of laughter pealed from every part of the theatre, and scurril songs, and gestures, and clapping of hands, were the only answer returned to him. " Laugh on," said the Roman, " laugh on while ye may ; ye shall weep long enough hersafter, and the stain on this toga shall be washed out in your blood." The am bassadors left Tarentum, and Postumius carefully kept his toga unwashed, that the Senate might witness with their own eyes the insult offered to the Roman namo.-Arnhold's Rome. AGRICULTURE OF TIMOR.-The oul tivation consists of rice, maize, millet, pulse, yams, sweet potatoes, and cotton. Rice is not commonly eaten by any class; the very hilly nature of the country appears unfavourable to its growth. Maize, therefore, is their principal article of food ; but, ex cept in uncommonly plentiful years, they are always obliged to depend for subsistence, during one part of .the year, on the sugar of the lontar palm : in some parts of the island a species of the sago palm is found, and used as an article of food. A small quantity of potatoes are grown in Amarassie, about thirty miles from Coupang, but they are not culti vated in any part. The use of the plough is un known in linior; a wooden hoe and sharp-pointed stick are the only implements used in the hill culti vation; and in ilthe preparation of their saws they turn a large drove of buffaloes in on it, and con tinue to drive them backwards and forwards until it is worked into a perfect pulp ; this operation is re peated three times, with an interval of eight days between each, to allow tihe vegetable matter time to rot. The paddy is then sown as in Java. In col lecting the crop they never cut the straw, but draw the corn from the stock into a basket, by which a great quantity is certainly lost. This method how ever appears to answer very well, as the average annual crop from the plain of Bow-Bown is upwards of seventy.fold. Irrigation appears to be well un derstood, but it is not carried to any great length, which, it is supposed, is owing to the thlinness of the population. Cocoanut and areca palms are very scarce, but the lontar is abundant throughout the island. Small quantities of sugarcane are raised, but never for the purpose of making sugar. Fish can scarcely be considered as an article of subsist ence, as there are scarcely any of the natives who will venture into a canoe; and almost the only method they have of taking them is by building successive walls of stone, one without the other, in the influence of the tide, where the coast is flat enough to admit of it, so as to prevent the return of the fish with the tide as it falls.-From ICMoore's No tices of the Indian Archipelago and the Adrjacent cusntries. ERASMUS AND MORE.-Theb lotters of Erasmus from the Continent, in 1518, give catalogues of the English courtiers; and they appear to great advantage under his panegyric. Pace lie describes as indescribable, from Iris universal popularity, and the high favour in which he stands with the most humane king and the incomparable cardinal. " You know what a horror I entertain of tihe courts of princes; a life, in my estimation, of mere splendid misery under the mask of happiness; and yet in such a court as that I could well be content to be a sojourner, if my youth were to come over again. Among all the accomplished persons of the age, the king ihas the most taste for good books. The queen, the wonder of her sex, is devoted to letters, and as eminent for piety as learning: classical attainments and practical visdom are tihe two passports to royal encouragement. Thomas Linacer is physician to the household: I need not enlarge on his character, his published works are his encomium. Cuthbert T'unstall is secretary; a post of the highest dignity. held by a man who is a world of all perfection within hiimself. William Monljoy is at the head of the queen's hIousehold. John Colet is principal preacher at the chapel royal. Thomas More is a privy councillor, the favourite both of the Muses and the Graces, to set forth whose merits would as much require an Apelles, as to paint Alexander the Great or Achilles." In another letter he represents More as a pattern of thie true friend, and bears testimony to his agreeable qualities as a member of society; to the exuberant cheerfulness of his spirit, which could give animation to the dullest subject, and conquer the gloom of the most melancholy temperament. The comedies which he wrote when a young man, and his own performance in them, are noted, as well as his epigrammatic effusions and various sallies of wit. Contrasted with all this are his statesmanlike dignity, his patronage of the poor and oppressed, his philosophical theories, his management of the royal mind, alternately by the wisdom of thie councillor and thie facetiousness of thie companion. It has been said to have been delightful to witness the wit com bats between Ben Jonson and Shakspeare. A similar delight must much earlier have been felt by those who were present at the encounters between More and Erasmus. Their meeting without introduction at the lord mayor's table illustrates the vein of hu mour in them both. They had been long known to each other by epistolary correspondence. One of Erasmus's objects in one of his journeys to England was to become personally acquainted with his friend; but it was contrived by their host that they should not be introduced, but find each other out. They engaged in an argument at dinner. Erasmus felt himself pressed by lis opponent's playful sarcasm, and exclaimed, " You are More, for you can be no no one else :" and More retorted, " If you are not Erasmus, you must be the devil." ARISTOCRACY.--The aristocracy are prone to ridicule the elevation of men of the middle class to high official situations, not reflecting that it is easier to transmute men of talent into gentlemen, than it is to convert mere gentlemen into men of talent. TrRIALs.-Tho spirit in which we re ceive trials either increases or diminishes their bitter ness : fortitude and resignation disarm them of their sharpest darts; while anger and vindictiveness only augment their poignancy. Soclrv.-'l'lhosoo can most easily dis pense with society who are thie most calculated to adorn it; they only are dependent on it who possess no mental resources; for, though they bring nothing to the general mart, like beggars they are too poor to stay at home. ADMI5rAnATON.-ThLos who are formed to win general admiration are seldom calculated to bestow individual happiness.' 