, To the Editor, of the True Colonist.. Sir,— Though I thought it might be attended; with much- good to. recommend a reprint of Bishop Jewel's masterly arguments, and unan swerable-, challenge, with respect to some of the pernicious errors and dangerous practices of the Popish Church;, and. this I did with a view to arouse the attention of Protestant believers to the great fundamental principles by which the refor mation is supported, conceiving that such a refe rence would be eminently servicable in guarding them against the unceasing efforts, whether se cret or open, of the enemies to the purity of their Christian faith. — Yet I by no means concur with Bishop Jewel in conceding so much authority as he does to the Fathers and Councils during the six first centuries. When he published his cele brated challenge, he was perfectly aware of the utter impossibility of its being fairly answered. It is true he appeals to the authority of the Holy Scriptures, and to 'these oracles of divine truth, and the known and admitted practice of the primitive church, confined to the apostolic age, I would exclusively confine all authority upon mat ters of Christian faith and practice. It is well known that oven in the times of the apostles many ceremonies and services were attempted to be in troduced into the Christian church, but all these attempts were not only restrained, but protested against by those holy men who were divinely commissioned to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ. If then 'any doctrine, ceremony, or practice can not be traced to the age in which those holy men exercise their ministry, there cannot be a greater absurdity than to urge the practice or opinion of men who either immediately or remotely succeeded those who first proclaimed the glad tidings of the Gospel. If the Apostles who had known and conversed with the Saviour, and received from him their instructions relating to his church and kingdom, were ever in their ministrations biased by their Jewish prejudices, and of this fact there can be no question; How much greater is the probability, that those Jewish or Heathen con verts who immediately succeeded them, would be fctill more powerfully influenced by their former religious prejudices or services ? If this argument he applicable to professors during the latter part of the first, and the beginning of the second cen tury, how much more forcible is its opplication, as we descend to periods still more remote from the Apostolic age ? If it required the vigilance and care of our Apostle to preserve in his age the purity of divine truth, great must be the danger in receiving the opinions and instructions of those who were not restrained by such holy and anxious vigilance. If, therefore, any doctrine or cere mony should be recommended by the practice of the Church alone, unsupported by the Scriptures, even in the second century, I should regard it as in no, way binding or obligatory, for I do not con sider that any individual, or body of men, how ever great their piety, zeal, or knowledge, had any authority to alter, or add to what was taught or established by the Apostles. If this just and scriptural rule of examining divine truth, be ap plicable to the Apotolic and primitive Fathers, how increasingly necessary is its observance in every succeeding age of the Christian Church, when such has been the inundation of errors, su- perstitions, and views of wordly pomp, grandeur, and power, that there is some difficulty in tracing in the establishments of the present day, many of the features of the purity and simplicity of the truth, as it is in Jesus. It is impossible to examine tho early history of the Church of Christ, as recorded by the writers of the New Testament from the announcement of the great forerunner of the Messiah, John the Baptist, and during the life of Jesus Christ, and the labours and success of his chosen disciples in 'planting his religion, without coming to the con clusion, that its progress and triumph must be attributed alone to the exercise of that divine power which bore such signal attestations to its truth. It would be entering upon a field of en quiry too extensive for the purpose of these brief remarks, were I to consider the evidences of the Christian faith as they are divided by theological writers into external and internal, my design will be fully secured by leading the believer to consi der attentively the life, labours, and sufferings of the great Author of our faith, and his immediate folio ivers, who, by preaching the Gospel of peace and good-will, not only renounced all their hopes of wordly ease and employment, not only exposed themselves to cruel mockings, scourgings, suffer ings, and death, but in this, their benevolent at tempts to enlighten, .sanctify, and reform the worid, were necessarily compelled to combat the existing religious establishments of their day, and consequently drew upon themselves the utmost rancour and hatred, both of Jews and Pagans. In such circumstances, and with such prospects, nothing but a deep and conscientious conviction of the truth of that religion which they had em braced, could have induced men thus to devote themselves to the infant cause of the Redeemer; and when we consider that these men, unlearned, and uneducated, should be able to confute and silence their most acute and subtle opponents, whether Jews, Greeks, or Romans, and that not only dispossessed of every worldly advantage, but in opposition to every earthly power, not only to maintain their ground, but to extend far and wide, the triumphs of the Cross, we must conclude that God was with them of a truth. 'What then was that religion which these holy men thus laboured to make known to mankind ? what were its discoveries of the will of God, of the gracious purposes and designs of the Re deemer? what the promises and blessings of the Gospel ? what the great moral duties and obliga tions comprehended under the divine precept of loving God and our neighbour ; what the comfort and consolations of faith under all tho vicissitudes of life, in the immediate prospect of death, and the awful contemplation of a final judgment? where are our enquiries to be directed upon these important subjects, if not to the sacred volume of Divine Truth ? and, if the Scriptures are to be re ceived as the only rule of faith and guide of life, being written expressly for that purpose by those who were directed by the Holy Ghost, it surely ought never to be attempted to stamp with the same. authority the writings of those who were not so commissioned or so inspired/ The canon of the New Testament was formed and received by tike primitive churches during the Apostolic age, or in the early part of the second century ; and though many pious, wise, and excellent men, who were cotemporary with the Apostles, or who im mediately succeeded that age, did commit to writing their thoughts and sentiments upon many subjects of Christian Faith and practice. Yet none of their epistles or disquisitions were ever received by the Church with that respect and re verence which were invariably paid to the sacred writing. It must surprise every candid enquirer after Divine Truth, to find the religion of the Gospel so little in accordance with the recognized Chris tianity of the present day, — gradual and almost imperceptible were the first advances of error and corruption. The waters of a river, pure and sal utary at its source, become more and more changed during its progress through different climes and countries from the various tributary streams it may receive ; so has the Church of Christ, in its progress down the stream of time, become more and more deformed and corrupt, by the additions and absurdities, and impurities of succeeding ages. The early churches were formed by the meeting together for religious worship, and the reading of the Scriptures, of those who had embraced the Christian faith. The person who presided or of ficiated as Minister or Bishop in these assemblies was invariably chosen or appointed by the people, — they officially possessed no power or authority beyond their personal influence in the Church, and that always exercised in conjunction with the people. The separation of such persons, for the work of the ministry, was ever accompanied with prayer and imposition of hands, and when such imposition was performed by an Apostle, it was always followed with the beatowment of spiritual gifts. These gifts were not hereditary nor trans missible, for none but an Apostle had the power of bestowing such a mark of Divine favor ; and, therefore, such extraordinary gifts could not be granted by any one after the Apostolic age. Moreover, this important truth, with respect to the exclusive power of the Apostles, is further confirmed by the avowed object of the journey of Peter and John in visiting those who, in Samaria, had been baptized by Philip, who though endowed with miraculous powers, could not bestow on any one the Holy Ghost. 'When Simon, the magician, witnessed, upon this occasion, the superior and distinguishing power of the Apostles, he offered them money, ' saying, 'Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay my hands he may re ceive the Holy Ghost ;' which request was rejected with just and holy indignation. And though men in the present day may boast of being the successors of any one of the Apostles, and of being enabled like them to bestow on whom they please the Holy Ghost, — yet, since they can furnish no evidence beyond their own assertion of their possession of this power, and those to whom by the imposition of hands they pretend thus to bestow the Holy Spirit, can produce no evidence of their having' received by such ceremony any heavenly gift or power, — I think, in the fair ex ercise of ruanon and judgment, we are bound to consider such avowed communications as vain and delusive. The bestowment of the Holy Ghost by the hand of an Apostle was invariably accom panied with the communication of miraculous gifts and powers; aud where these gifts and i powers are not received, how can any faith be placed in the pretended bestowment of the Holy Ghost? Ministers or Bishops were undoubtedly set apart by ordination for their sacred work ; but this or dination did not necessarily consist in the bestow ment of any gift, but in embracing that opportu nity^' recognizing by the church, and the min isters and elders present, the person so set apart, and fervently emploring the Divine blessing to rest upon him, and to own and succeed his pious labours. Whenever and wherever, therefore, any church thus assembled for the choice and recog nition of such minister, there was a valid and gospel ordination. We value not the arrogant pretentious of any church in early times or after ages on this subject. The assumption of power is very different from its possession, — and, if not actually possessed, how vain and puerile is the boasted superiority of one Church over the other Churches of Christendom. Well might men upon the revival ot learning in the fourteenth century — when awakened from their long night of darkness and spiritual bondage, and when probably examining, for the firrt time, the pages of the New Testament, feel the awful departure of the Church of Rome from the pure and first principles of the Christian faith. Their enquiries and convictions doubtless prepared the way for that reformation which has never, as yet, been more than half accomplished ; and through I the lives of many of these men, fell a sacrifice to their ardent zeal for divine truth ; yet they were triumphant in their death, and rejoiced in the prospect of those glorious fruits of their suffer ings, which were sure to follow. The enlightment and liberality of the present period, must produce their natural results. The progress of truth must occasion thu retreat of error and corruption. The morning light must advance — and however clamourous and alarmed the sordid and interested may be, for the preser vation of their Idols, yet the spiritual kingdom of the Prince of Peace must advance, and shall finally prevail ? I am, Sir, &c;, A Reformer. 