ON THE WANDERINGS OF TI-IE HUMAN MIND.-No. 28. "Living as yet upon earth, priests dispose of the thilg.s of of heaven; and they have received a power which God would give neither to angels nor archangels. lie said to them, and not to angels ' lhatsoever you shall bind ou earth shall be boond in heaven; and wuhatsosver you shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heave.' " Mrn. EDTon--That the Redeemer of mankind established a sacred ministry on earth, to be the teachers of his doctrine, and " the dispensers of his mysteries" and sacred institutions, is one of the first and clearest truths of the Christian religion; and that no one should take upon himself that honour "to be called as Aaron was," that is, unless he be selected and ordained for these holy functions by those who receive their own divine comnmission and power in an unbroken succession from the apostles, whom Christ himself first ordained and em powered " to preach his gospel, and to break the bread of life to every creation"-this is another truth equally clear, and firmly believed by all Christian antiquity. The ignorant and fanatical sect of " the Wal denses or Vaudois," in the twelfth century, were amongst the first to deny the necessity of valid ordi nation for the proper administration of the sacraments, and tile discharge of the sacred duties of " the Christian ministry." Peter Waldo, a rich merchant of Lyons, was founder of this sect. About the year 1160 Peter was struck with terror at the sudden death of a fellow merchant, while conversing witlh him; he sold his goods and distributed the price to the poor, and then commenced a life of poverty in imitation of the apostles. Several others joined him, and they were called " the poor men of Lyons." "they soon after began to preach and teach the people in imitation of the apostles, though they were mere laymen, without the shadow of a " mission" to preach. The clergy reproved them for this irregu larity, and for affecting superstitiously to wear a kind of sandals cut on the top, to exhibit their feet bare; fancying that the apostles used the like. The Pope ordered them to give over preaching at least. Hlaving applied in vain to the Pope for an approbation of their novel society, they hoisted the standard of diso bedience; and pretended that the clergy condemned them on account of their own sanctity and morals being superior to those of the said clergy. They soon added serious errors to their enthusuasm and disobedience. Reinerius Sacho, who was for some time one of their lay ministers, and afterwards a Dominican friar, published a treatise in 1250, in which lie tells us that among other errors the Waldenses held that the church of Christ had failed ever since the time of Pope St. Sylvester in the fourth century, on account of possessing temporary property. (W\'hat would become of the " Anglican church," if this position of their parent reformers were true?) They said that it was unlawful for the clergy to have property or prebends, that they ought to work with their hands as the apostles did-that no rent or titlhes ought to be paid them, and nothing bequeathed to churches-that all the bishops were murderers, because they tolerated wars -that it is never lawful to swear-that a man ought to die rather than take an oath, even in a court of justice, or upon any necessity. 1'hey condemned all ecclesiastical judgments; also, all princes and judges, pretending that it is never lawful to punish any malefactor with death. They rejected purgatory and prayers for the dead, indulgences, festivals, even Easterday-invocation of saints, veneration of crosses, images, and relics-they affirmed that abso lution, or any other sacrament administered by a priest, if in mortal sin, is null and of no avald; but that a good layman has power to remit sin, and to confer the Holy Ghost by the imposition of hands; and that it is a grievous sin for a man to cohlabit with his wife when she is past child-bearing. They rejected the exorcisms, benedictions, and sponsors, in baptism, and held that washing of in fants did not avail them. Concerning the eucharist, they said that priests who may be in mortal sin cannot consecrate, and that transubstantiation is not effected in the hands of him who consecrates unworthily, but in the mouth of him who worthily receives. They cut off the canon of the mass, and recited only the words of con secration in the vulgar tongue. They taught that all good laics are so many priests, and that it is bet ter to confess to them than to a bad priest. Pelie dorfius, who wrote one hundred years after Reine rius, against the Waldenses, gives the same history of their origin and errors. Oecolampadius and the sacramentarians of Swit zerland commenced a treaty on doctrinal matters in 1530, with the Waldenses dwelling in the vallies of Piedmont, but could come to no agreement. Six years after Favel and other Calvinistic ministers, by showing them that their temporal safety required it, effected an union, but obliged them to reject several errors which they maintained, and to acknow ledge that a christian might sometimes lawfully swear before a magistrate, and punish malefactors with death; also that the ministers of the altar might possess temporal estates, and that wicked ministers validly administer the sacraments. They likewise engaged them to maintain that the body of Christ is not in the eucharist, and that there is no necessity for confessing our sins, which was contrary to their former doctrine. Notwithstanding this union, most of the Vaudois adhered to their own principles till, in 1630, they were compelled for protection to re ceive Calvinistic ministers. The Waldenses condemned learning and all places dedicated to literary pursuits as so many schools of vanity; yet became great searchers of the bible, and supported all their extravagant doctrines on some text of the sacred scriptures. When commanded by the pastors of the church to give over preaching, for which duty they were neither competent nor duly authorised, they at once flippantly quote the answer of the apostles to the council of the Jews, " that they should obey God rather than man," and adduce several of our Saviour's exhortations to the practice of evangelical poverty in support of their condem nation of the possession of any property. As the doctrine of tIhe Vaudois favoured the pre tensions of the feudal lords and lay proprietors of the country, by throwing into their hands the lands and property of the church, they were naturally pro tected by these lay proprietors when they were ban nished from Lyons and other places These lords, without adopting the errors of the Waldenses, es poused their cause against the clergy, who in turn excommunicated these gentry for sacrilegiously seiz ing on the property of the church. Several of the clergy were both ignorant and indolent in the twelfth century, when these fanatics sprung up, and had recourse too often to the censures of the church, as the only censurer and antidote to every objection or abuse on the part of the laity. Much blood has been shed through the fanatical obstinacy of these deluded Waldenses, and through the misguided zeal of Catholic princes, who at one time seemed determined to extirpate either the errors or the persons of these heretics from the face of the earth-yet both still exist, to convince us that it be longs to God alone to remove error from men's minds, when it seems fit to Him; and that princes should protect and not extirpate their subjects, un less these subjects be guilty of some grievous crimes against the state and the public peace.-Yours truly, JOHN SCOTT. 