TOUR OF A WESLEYAN MISSIONARY IN NEW ZEALAND. We extract from the Wesleyan Missionary Notices for the present month, an interesting account by the Rev. J. H. Bumby, of a tour which he made in New Zealand last summer, to which is added part of a letter from Mr. W. Woon, another missionary, of still more recent date : — Soon alter my last communication, the Hokianga, a small vessel which has sometimes been employed for Missionary purposes, came into the bay, and we were informed, by the proprietors, that she was about to proceed to Kawia, for a cargo, but might be at our service for a few weeks. It was proposed that I and Mr. Hobbs should avail ourselves of the opportunity of going round by the east coast, through Cook's- straits and Taranake, to Kawia; from which place, it was suggested, we might manage to travel over-land to Mangungu. I hesitated some time, in consequence of the time which would be occupied, and the ex- pense which would be incurred, by such an excursion ; but, remembering the instructions of the Committee, directing me to obtain all possible information as to the state of the island ; and considering the necessity which rests upon us, to extend our evangelical operations to the regions beyond, where nothing has hitherto been attempted; together with the importance of seeing the country, in order to the selection of the most suitable locality for a new Station ; I ultimately determined, in company with Mr. Hobbs, to undertake the expedition. Mr. Turner, though ex- ceedingly anxious to remove to the colony, kindly engaged to remain at Mangungu till our return. On Monday morning, May 11th, we left Mangungu for the Bay of Islands. Our retinue was composed of about twenty youths, chiefly southern natives taken in war. Many of them had lived for years with the Missionaries, and, having experienced the grace of God in truth, had long wished and prayed for an opportunity to return to their brethren and friends, to tell them how great things the Lord had done for them. We were detained several days in the bay, by rough weather and con- trary winds. Soon after the commencement of the voyage, having a heavy head- sea to contend with, all became sick. We passed Wakari or White Island. It is volcanic, and abounds with fine sulphur. Tradition says of this island, that when Mawe, the principal god of the country, first saw fire, he incautiously took it up in his hands, which so severely scorched him, that, in his agony, he plunged into the sea, and there immediately appeared this island. The aspect of the country is rocky ; and woody hills of different shapes and elevations rise, ridge behind ridge, till their broken summits appear to mingle with the clouds of the sky. After being about a week at sea, we encountered a tre- mendous gale of wind from the south-west. But, by the good providence of God, we were preserved in safety. At the East Cape, we were detained a week by adverse winds : Wari Kahika, or Hick's Bay, was our place of shelter. We met with com- paratively few natives; — war, the curse and scourge of New Zealand, having swept away the once numerous population of this part of the country. When the Napui tribes first got fire-arms and ammunition, they came to try their skill upon the unarmed and unfortunate people of this neighbourhood. Many were captured, and multitudes killed, and cooked, and eaten. Some years ago there was a large pa on the summit of one of the hills which overlooks the bay. It is said, the place was besieged till the inhabitants were compelled to feed upon each other ; that families exchanged children, that they might not eat their own offspring ; and that about three thousand persons were cut off. The Church Missionaries have some native teachers usefully employed in this part of the island. The natives we saw, amounting to two or three hundred, were particularly anxious for religious books. An earnest desire is everywhere manifested, among all classes of the people, for the possession of books and Missionaries. Upon arriving at Wanganuiatera, or Port Nicholson, we went on shore, near a kainga, or "village;" and were met on the beach by a grotesque party of natives, some bedaubed with red ochre and oil, and others dis- figured about the cheeks and eye-brows with congealed blood. They were delighted to see us, and gave us a hearty welcome. Here some of our lads met with their relatives and friends, whom they had not seen for ten or twelve years. It was truly affecting to witness their mutual joy, though expressed after the manner of sorrow, according to the favourite tangi of the country. After the excitement had a little subsided, we erected our tents, and partook of some refreshment; potatoes and Indian- corn were the best viands the village afforded. Some of our lads having drunk water for a tapued stream, one of the Chiefs came to us, and de- manded satisfaction. After a little korero, or" conversation," he agreed to remove the tapu, and listen to the Gospel. In the evening we held public service, on which occasion many speeches were delivered, both by our own lads and the natives ; the former briefly stating their history since their separation from their friends, together with some particulars connected with their conversion to Christianity ; and the latter asserting their ignorance, and great desire to be taught the truth as it is in Jesus. The people, either from what they have heard of Missionary operations in other parts of the island, or a special influence from God, are evidently prepared for the reception of the Gospel. I trust the time is not far distant when New Zealand, beautiful for situation, salubrious in climate, and exuberant in soil, having a population fearing God and working righteousness, will become an eternal excellency, the joy of many generations. Port Nicholson is about twenty miles to the north-west of Cape Palliser. There is about ten fathoms' water at the entrance, and room to beat in and out with any wind. The harbour is extensive, and affords excellent anchorage ground and safe shelter for shipping. It is sur- rounded by a chain of beautiful hills, rising gradually from the edge of the water, partly covered with timber, and sending forth numerous streams of fresh water. We could find no river answering to the description given in the book published by the Committee of the Association for the Colonization of New Zealand. They say, (pages 111, 112,) on the authority of Nayti, a young Chief who was in London some time ago, that " the river Heritaoua is as broad and deep as the Thames at London-bridge, and that it is eighty miles long." We found a narrow stream called Heretanga, the only one at all like a river, which divides into four branches, and extends from four to ten miles into the country ; but it is so shallow at the entrance, that we were almost wrecked in the whale-boat. At this place we met with a white man, the only one in the Port. He was building a boat ; but, having to manufacture nails from an iron hoop, with a wood fire, proceeded but slowly with his work. The shore is skirted with numerous settlements or villages of different dimensions and variously fortified. The people are of a milder aspect, and gentler carriage, than the natives of the north of the island. On the Sabbath we converted the sea-beach, opposite to one of the principal settlements, into a sanctuary ; erected the boat-sail as a break- wind to shelter the preacher ; and collected the entire of the population of the place, with the exception of a few sick people, as a congregation. Mr. Hobbs had not proceeded far in the service before the rain came down in sufficient torrents to have dispersed any English audience ; but the poor New Zealanders, unmoved by the pelting of the pitiless shower, seemed only intent upon hearing the word of truth, the Gospel of our salvation. We met with Warepouri, a superior Chief. His person is tall and majestic, and, having his hair tastefully tied on the top of his head, and falling back all round, like a diadem, and decorated with feathers, he had a savage and commanding appearance. He expressed himself as very anxious to have a Missionary, and was delighted to accept a copy of the New Testament. Wherever we went, the people said, if we would only come and settle among them, the land should be our ours ; and they would carry wood and water, and do all in their power, for us. Thinking the place suitable for a new Station, and, presuming that the Committee would sanction such a step, we tapued a piece of land of the proprietors, two respectable Chiefs, for some blankets and fish hooks. The tapu secures to us the privilege of purchase, if we should fix upon the place for a Missionary settlement. Having spent a week among these interesting barbarians ; and furnished the lads we were about to leave as teachers with books, slates, pencils, &c.;, &c.;, for schools, we prepared to take our departure. The people showed us great kindness, bringing abundance of pigs and potatoes as a mark of their respect and gratitude. One of the Chiefs of whom we tapued the land was anxious to rub noses ; and I was obliged, with as much grace as possible, to submit to the disagreeable ceremony. Such was the love of the lads to their Missionaries, that they were almost broken-hearted at parting. They appear to be sincerely pious, and exceedingly anxious to be useful to their Heathen relatives and friends. After tossing about, amidst light winds and cross seas, for thirty hours, we came to anchor in Cloudy Bay. The appearance of the Southern Island is particularly barren and repulsive. The outer rocks rise abruptly from the sea, and are bounded by stupenduous mountains covered with perpetual snow. Cloudy Bay is extensive, and abounds with small indentations and coves, with good anchorage and shelter for shipping. The natives are not numerous. We saw about one hundred and fifty, with whom we held service. They were most importunate for books of hymns and prayers. The Europeans, belonging to the several whaling establishments of the place, are numerous ; many of these, of course, have no wish for the light of the Gospel, lest the hidden things of darkness, in which they revel and delight, should be revealed, and they should be ashamed. I am persuaded, if Missionary operations were commenced here, there would be more opposition from civilized Europeans, than from the untutored barbarians. We next directed our course to Queen Charlotte's Sound, and had a pleasant run by moonlight. The noise of the breakers upon the rocks at the Heads, is tremendous ; like the sound of thunder, or the report of an earthquake. The scenery of the Sound is decidedly romantic, — as rocky and craggy, and rude, and sterile, as can well be conceived. There is no land available for agricultural purposes, except a few acres in the immediate vicinity of the native settlements. There are a few patches of cultivation, gardens of potatoes and kumeras, on the sides of the preci- pitous and almost perpendicular mountains, but they are small and in- significant. Fish, which is abundantly plentiful, is the principal food of the natives. The place may be attractive to the whalers, but will never be the favourite locality of the farmer. There may be about fifty Eu- ropeans connected with the whaling establishments of this place ; some of whom present specimens of human nature in its worst estate, they practise every species of iniquity without restraint and without conceal- ment. The very sense of decency and propriety seems to be extinct The very soil is polluted. The very atmosphere is tainted. A few ex- * It is with the deepest feeling of regret that we have to announce, that the fair prospects of this contemplated new Mission have since been overcast by a threatening cloud. From the recently published Journal of Colonel Wakefield, it would appear, that the land selected by Messrs. Bumby and Hobbs, not for themselves, but solely for Missionary purposes, has been re-purchased for the New Zealand Land-Company, although it had been tapued, and an earnest had been paid for it ; which thus secured to the Wesleyan Missionary Society, according to New Zealand law and usage, the right of perpetual possession, on the payment, at the stipulated time, of the remainder of the price ; — that the land, with the Missionary-buildings already erected upon it, has been taken possession of, in the name of the New Zealand Land-Company, and was to form part of the site of the first town proposed to be built by their agents; — and that systematic endeavours had been made to defeat the object of the Mission, by destroying the influence which the Missionaries had exerted upon the minds of the natives. Into the particulars of this painful business we will not now further enter ; but the Committee are preparing to take those steps which the emergency of the case demands, for the purpose of resisting the adoption of a principle which, if once sanctioned, threatens with ruin all the Missions of the society in New Zealand. — Editor of the Methodist Magazine. pressed themselves as wishful to have a Missionary, that their children, by native females, might be educated; but others spoke of the New- Zealanders as being little better than the beasts that perish, and almost ridiculed the idea of their becoming Christians. One man told the natives, that if they listened to the Missionaries, they would be ruined, as they would get no more muskets and tobacco. It is, however, a pleasing circumstance, that notwithstanding the evil influence of the European population, the natives, in general, have turned, as they term it, to the Missionary religion. Here, as at Port Nicholson and Cloudy Bay, the true light , has shone, teaching the people to observe the Sabbath and worship God;- which they do according to the best of their ability, twice a-day. The place of bells is supplied by old musket- barrels, suspended by cords and struck with stones. A few of the young people can read, and all are anxious to learn. As we left one place, numbers followed the boat up to their middle in water to get books. The word of the Lord is precious here. We found, in the possession of some lads, a few fragments of the New Testament, so dirty with use as to be scarcely legible, but preserved with the greatest care. One of them having learned to write a little, and got some paper, had begun to multiply copies. I was particularly affected with the last passage transcribed, and earnestly prayed that it might be verified in the case of these interesting and promising young men : — " He that hath begun a good work in you; will perform it until the day of Christ" (Phil. i. 6). I suppose ours was the first vessel that ever visited the Sound on an errand of mercy to the natives. The next place we visited was Mana, an island about three miles in length from north to south, rising abruptly from the sea to an elevation of about one hundred feet, except at the northern point of the eastern side, which gradually slopes to the edge of the water. It is three miles distant from the main of the northern island. The landing is tolerably good, and there are some native settlements along the coast. Mr. Bell who originally purchased the property from the native is dead ; and it is now in the possession of Mr. Peterson; of Sydney. The natives, how- ever, have the right of residence, and the run of the land, so as to build houses, and plant potatoes, wherever, they please. The island is more adapted for pasturage than cultivation. There are upon it five hundred sheep, and thirty head of cattle, the property of Mr. Peterson. It was evening when we came to anchor, but, understanding that the Roupa- raha who is the E Ongi or Shungi, of this part of the country, was on the island, we went on shore. The house in which we found him was larger than the generality of native habitations; but the space which served for door, window, and chimney, was so low and narrow, that it was all we could do, crawling on our hands and knees, to get through it. Two large tubs of oil stood at each end of the apartment, with immense burners, filling the place with smoke, and rendering darkness visible. About thirty natives, warriors, and slaves, were lying at full length, in various directions, on the floor. The place was hot as a stove, with an atmosphere so thick and impure, as to be scarcely breathable. The Chief expressed himself as glad to see us, pressed us to sit near him, and wished to enter into a long conversation; but after singing and prayer, we were glad to make our exit, giving him to understand, that at our next meeting we would more fully state the object of our visit. The old man has been a great warrior, and is notoriously vicious in his habits. He sometimes lays his hand upon his stomach, and says, I am hungry for a man, go and kill such a slave for me." On one occasion, some little time ago, a young woman having offended him, he ordered her to prepare a native oven, which being finished, he had her killed and cooked in it. — The next morning he came on board to breakfast, and behaved with great propriety. He said, if he might have a Missionary, he would give over fighting, and with all his people would begin to serve God. We presented him with a copy of the New Testament, and left him one of our most pious and clever lads as a teacher. After a pleasant run of twelve miles, we came to Kapiti, or Entry Island. It is higher and more extensive than Mana, but, apparently, less valuable, being thickly wooded, and much broken by deep gullies, and dark ravines. There are upwards of eighty white men connected with the whaling establishments of the neighbourhood. The natives are scanty and scattered, and more barbarous than the generality of their country men. The influenza has been prevalent lately, and they have obstinately refused to take medicine ; in consequence of which many have died. Instead of nursing their sick, they remove them into the bush to die. The Haupapa, or Mount Egmont, which is said to be eighteen thousand feet above the level of the sea, presented a most splendid appearance, being girded with clouds and capped with snow. We spent a few hours at Ngamoton or Moturoa, the Sugar-loaf Islands of Captain Cook. They are curiously formed rocks, separated from the main land; and in- accessible except by water. One of them, the largest and most singular of the cluster, rising almost perpendicularly to an elevation of about two hundred feet, is the site of a native settlement. Round about the rock are numerous ridges and holes, which serve as terraces and habitations for the singular people who have chosen it as their craggy home. The fences, on the top and sides, appeared like reeds shaken with the wind. It is said there is water, but no fuel for fire, and no food for sustenance. We called at the base of the mountain, but could not land, on account of the breaking of the surf. Several natives came down to speak with us, but they were armed with muskets, and evidently afraid we had visited them for purposes of war and desolation. We stated our object, gave them some books, and returned to the ship. We went on shore at Tara- nake, but could not spend much time in exploring the country, as there was no secure shelter for the vessel, and, the. wind being fair, we were anxious to prosecute our voyage. Taranake has long been renowned for its rich and prolific soil ; there are thousands of acres of beautiful country, unbroken by mountains, and unencumbered by forests, fit at once for the plough of the husbandman. The superior quality of the soil is unequivocally demonstrated by the luxuriance of the vegetation with which it is overspread. Various vegetables, the seeds of which may have been promiscuously scattered, are flourishing in as good condition as though they were most assiduously cultivated. Taranake has long been famous in the history of New Zealand, for its numerous population. The soil, without much labour, producing abundance of food, the natives multiplied, andexcelled in the manufacture of mats and other articles of ????. These advantages rendered them objects of perpetual jealousy and envy to the other tribes of the island, who so relentlessly and re- peatedly waged war against them, and so frequently and completely con- quered them that the land is now well nigh left without inhabitants. The remnants and fragments that remain, scattered and peeled have been obliged to seek for shelter on the tops of mountains, and in the holes of rocks. Numerous ruined fortifications and desolated villages are pointed out to the traveller, as the melancholy monuments of the ravages of war. We were much disappointed in finding no good harbour in the neigh- bourhood of Taranake. From Kapiti to Kawia, a. distance of two hundred miles, there are no bays for shelter, and no ground for anchoring ships This materially detracts from the value of the locality as a place for commerce. If the land should become the property of European settlers, supplies of goods must be conveyed an immense distance over land, which will be both difficult and expensive. When we came to anchor in the Kawia harbour, our engagement with the captain terminated ; and, without regret, we quitted the little vessel, in which we had experienced many mercies, and had likewise been exposed to many perils, and subjected to many privations. We were heartily welcomed at the Mission-house by Mr. and Mrs. Whiteley. Kawia is half-a-mile broad at the entrance, with about three fathoms water on the bar. There are many sand-banks and mud-flats in the river, which are uncovered at low- water. Several small streams of fresh water run into the principal channel. The banks are partly rocky and sandy, and partly covered with fern and timber, presenting here and there a beautiful patch of sloping land ready for cultivation. The natives chiefly reside in the luxuriant valleys, and by the tributary streams which are connected with the harbour. There are two or three Europeans on the river, who are friendly with the Missionary, and favourable to the spread of Christianity. The Mission at Kawia was commenced in May, 1835, under the patronage and protection of Haupokia, a renowned warrior and influential chief. A piece of land had previously been purchased for a Missionary settlement; which, though not very extensive, is well situated. After twelve months' arduous labour and extreme peril, during which period a dwelling-house and chapel were erected, and an impression favourable to Christianity extensively produced upon the surrounding population, Mr. Whiteley the Missionary, was removed to another station. When Mr. Whiteley returned, about six months ago, after an absence of up- wards of three years, he found the house and chapel standing, together with a small number of Christian natives, the fruit of his former labours, who hailed his return. The movements on Saturday indicated that the Sabbath was at hand. Multitudes of natives, from different places, some over the mountains on foot, and some by water in canoes, arrived at the settlement, to be prepared for keeping holiday. I was present while Mr. Whiteley took down the names of a large number of persons as candidates for Christian baptism ; they were well recommended by their leaders, as having met in class for some time, and given satisfactory proof of a work of grace upon their hearts. In the evening Mr. Hobbs preached to a numerous and deeply-interested congregation. The Sabbath was a most interesting day. The chapel was crowded at all the services. Many were deeply affected. I assisted in the baptism of 68 adults, male and female, who publicly renounced Heathenism, and professed their faith in the Christian's God. Many of them were parents ; and, not content with consecrating themselves, they also gave their offspring to the Lord. Twenty- nine children were solemnly dedicated to the Triune Jehovah. Thus several households subscribed with their hands to the Lord God of Israel; In the evening I preached in English to about half-a-dozen people ; after which, we partook of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. During our sojourn at Mr; Whiteley's, it was proposed that we should go over to Mokou, to endeavour to prevent a war. Ngatapu, a chief of some rank in the neighbourhood of Kawia, had gathered together his friends, and was going to seek satisfaction from Tounui and Tiriki, chiefs of Mokou, for some insult they had offered him. A few days before, an old chief had remarked, in the presence of one of Mr. Whiteley's boys, that, if the Missionaries did not interfere, and effect a recon- ciliation, there would be such slaughter and bloodshed, that it would be difficult to find fire-wood to cook, the multitudes that would be slain. It was a formidable undertaking, particularly in connexion with the tremendous journey home which we had in prospect; but the object was so important, and the Christian natives were so anxious for us to interfere, that I knew not how we should be justified, as the ministers of the Gospel of peace, if we refused to attempt, at least, to induce the people, to whom we were sent, to cast away their weapons of war, and learn to love as brethren, and so fulfil the law of Christ. We were a week in performing the journey; and, having to traverse dense forests, and climb rugged mountains, and cross extensive swamps, and ford deep rivers, in the midst of heavy rains and cold winds, the task was neither easy nor pleasant. At a Heathen village called Padianiwaniwa, or " the Precipice of the Rainbow," we unexpectedly had the opportunity of witnessing some of the singular customs of the country. A man of our party, who was baptized the preceding Sunday at Kawia, by the name of Matiu, had, about twelve months before, lost four children. A man, called Mahiri, was reported to have occasioned their death by witchcraft; and so firmly did the bereaved father believe the report, that he determined to have the man's life as payment. Mahiri, how- ever, escaped for his life to Padianiwaniwa, and was kindly received by the people, who built a small fortification for him, and cut off all com- munication between the two places by tapuing the road. The path had not been travelled from that period, and was, consequently, well-nigh lost amidst rank vegetation and luxuriant foliage. Tidings of our approach speedily circulated through the settlement, and Mahiri and his friends were much alarmed and afraid, that we had come for utu or " satisfaction." The parties met in due form, and. after certain horrid grimaces, and hideous yells, together with a drawling ditty called singing, on the part of the Heathens, Matiu stood forth and said, " My words to you are about Jesus Christ. Let the matter be finished. Jesus Christ shall be the peacemaker between us." Thus a reconciliation was effected, and the whole ceremony concluded with a tangi and a feast. The tangi is a " crying-match," in which each tries to outdo his fellow in making frightful faces and uttering whimpering sounds. The feast was chiefly of potatoes, four bushels of which we saw cooked in one oven, besides large quantities of greens and Indian corn. Having nothing better, we were obliged to strike a tin dish with a stone, to call the people together for worship. It is to be hoped that the several religious services which we held, and in which all appeared to be much interested, may have been instrumental in inducing them to renounce their super- stitions, and attend to the things which belong to their peace. Having arrived at Padupadu, the residence of Touni and Tariki, we found them sitting in state, ornamented with white feathers, in barbarous taste, and surrounded by numerous other chiefs, their friends ; who had assembled from different places to help them on the great occasion. They were all Heathens, and said, they would resist every attack to death, to death, to death. While we were present, a message from the party seeking satisfaction, was communicated to the council of war, which so excited the feelings of their savage nature, that in fierceness and defiance, they distorted their faces into the most hideous forms, brandished their spears with the most menacing wildness, uttered the most horrid yells, and appeared more like incarnate fiends than human beings. By-and-by they simultaneously arose, and went to prepare cartridges and muskets for an engagement. It was, however, finally arranged, that we should endeavour to negotiate the business, and that if we could induce Ngatapu's party to avoid hostilities, and fire their muskets at a distance from the Pa, they would meet as friends. Mr. Whiteley immediately went to meet the advancing army, and, after a long conference with the warriors, succeeded in bringing them to the agreement, that, since we, the Missionaries had interfered, they would not proceed to extremities. We, that is, I and Mr. Hobbs, remained with the threatened party ; who, armed with muskets, hatchets, and spears, assembled upon the hill where the Pa is built, to await the arrival, of the enemy. When Ngatapu's people came up, headed by Mr. Whiteley, they arranged themselves upon a hill opposite to that upon which the fortification stands. In the valley, between the two armies, waved the flag of peace, a white handkerchief tied to a pole, by the side of which, as the ministers of reconciliation, we stood. I shall never for get the occasion; hundreds of savages, fighting men, appeared on either side, most of them naked, except their belt and cartridge-box, and all ready for action at a moment's notice. It was understood that the cir- cumstance of either party crossing the boundary, should be regarded by the other as the signal for immediate war. In the general rush, however, in which there was much savage violence, we succeeded in keeping them apart. Then followed the firing of muskets among the surrounding hills, and a war-dance, which literally shook the ground on which we stood. From all we heard and saw of the spirit and temper of the respective tribes, the conviction is not to be resisted, that, had we not interposed, much blood would have been shed, and many lives would have been lost. It is probable, also, that the addresses which were de- livered, and the devotional services which were conducted, during our visit, may have left a blessing behind them, which shall be found after many days. In returning, we spent a Sabbath at Teitu, an extensive village in the midst of a dense forest, where the majority of the inhabitants, through the instrumentality of native teachers, have embraced Christianity. They have built a commodious chapel, in which service is held, not merely on the Sabbath, but every day in the week. The place is so remote from Kawia, that Mr. Whiteley had not been able before to visit it. The services we held were interesting and profitable. Twenty-one couples were united in the bonds of holy matrimony ; but, having no rings, these interesting appendages were necessarily dispensed with. Thirty children and sixty-two adults, of both sexes, many of whom had met in class, from the period of Mr. Whiteley's removal from Kawia, which is several years ago, were baptized. It is likely our visit will never be forgotten by the young men and maidens, the old men and children, who, on that occasion renounced Heathenism, and were solemnly baptized in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. At Waingaroa we spent a few days. The situation of the Mission station is excellent, and the population numerous. There is an extensive and very promising field of usefulness. William Naylor, Mr. Wallis's principal Chief, has been a savage warrior, but, having em- braced the Gospel of Christ, has become as gentle as a child. At his village, a little way from the Missionary settlement, he has built the largest and most respectable place of worship I have seen in the country. Waikato, Manukou, and Kaipara, lay in our way home, and at each place we met with many things worthy of notice and record ; but having, I fear, already wearied you by the length of my details, I shall reserve any additional remarks I may have to make fer some future commu- nication. Notwithstanding the temptations to which the people are at this time exposed, from various sources, there is a general call for more Mission- aries, for instruction in divine things ; and books are in constant demand. Thousands of tracts have been printed and circulated during the year ; and the forthcoming year we intend to translate and print various portions of the Old Testament, which sacred canon we long to see com- pleted in the New Zealand dialect. The New Testament has been circulated far and wide ; which will stand as a mighty bulwark against the "man of sin," as the emissaries of the Pope are exerting all their influence to bring the natives within the pale of the Romish Church ; and they have succeeded in several places. This is a source of indescribable grief to our minds ; and we long to see a Protestant Missionary in every harbour on the eastern and western coasts, to counteract this wretched system of error, which appears to be spreading throughout the world. Our native teachers frequently come in contact with their countrymen who have joined the Roman Catholics ; and they often apply to us to arm them for the combat. Some were passing by the printing-office the other day, at the time a native lad, called Ebenezer, was printing off some books, when they saluted him with their derisions, and told him that they were the only true church ; to which he at once replied, by quoting that awful passage in the last chapter of the Revelations, 15th verse, and then they made off. This shows that the people are not ignorant of the Scriptures of truth ; and we have been frequently interested by their somewhat diverting remarks on the unscriptural doctrines of the Romish Church. The Bishop has lately distributed a quantity of clothing among the heathen Chiefs, enticing them to cast in their lot with him and his adherents; and some of them have been thus bought over to join the "mother of harlots;" but we trust that, ere long, they will discover the delusion, and cast off the yoke. There is also at this time considerable excitement in the purchase of land; and large tracts have been purchased from the natives in several quarters. Europeans increase on every hand; and towns are talked of here and at the Bay of Islands. But those who are emigrating hither will be dis- appointed, if they expect to find an elysium; and some are leaving, dis- appointed in their expectations. An increase of settlers must affect the aborigines; and if colonization is carried forward in its various ramifi- cations, we fear that consequences will follow similar to those experi- enced in other countries, and that the people will soon be swept away. We are happy to state, that there has not been so much sickness among the natives as on former seasons. Some are determined to remain under the influence of Heathenism, and will not embrace the truth. One old Chief was exhorted to join our cause the other day ; but he wanted some gold and clothing as payment. A few weeks ago, upwards of 180 adults were baptized in our chapel here, and twenty-nine children ; and the brethren have recently visited the northward, and baptized fifty adults and several children in Oruru. They visited the old Mission-Station at Wangaroa, where the prospects are become encouraging ; but we are sorry to state, that the Romanists have obtained a footing there. Some, however, connected with us, meet in class there ; and we hope that they will be useful in diffusing the true light. There are upwards of 1,500 meeting in class, connected with the dif- ferent Stations; and at the southward, in particular, the people are looking to us for instruction and for help. I received a very interesting letter from a friend the other day, who has lately been voyaging along the eastern coast of this country. He states that he had called at several places, and visited several native for- tifications, and had fallen in with 2,600 people, who were all inquiring after Missionaries and books. He informs me, that he found several books from this place among the natives ; and that they were most eager in their inquiries after them. 