MISCELLANEA. A Cmro. ROBBED NR A TEEroriixtn.—Tlint OCtire officer, sub-inspector Cox, of Bonis, arrested t man on suspicion of being concerned in the com' mitts! of some robberies that took place in that neighbourhood. On searching the bundle which he had, Mr. Fox found therein several valuable articles stolen on the previous night from the chapel of Ballymurphy, and. which were subsequently identifieii as his property by the Eev. Mr. Doyle, P. P. of HorriB, The thief stated that he was a native of Ballyhack, in the county Wexford, that his name was Samuel White, and that he was a member of the church of'Rome. He wore one of Father Mathew's medals, and rejoiced in being a teetotaller 11 The miracle in this case is how he could rob a chapel, as the followers o( the " apostle" tell us that the medeal is a " specific" for the ]irevention of diseases, violent deaths, and the dishonest appro- priation of the property of others. The medal-man has been fully committed to abide his trial at the ensuing sessions.—Carlow Sentinel. BATHOS.—In Sergeant Talfourd's new tragedy of Glencoe, in the midst of one of Macready's greatest bits of the solemn, a band of music at a distance plays " the Campbells are coming"—a well-known row-de-dow Scotch tune! Only imagine, in the tragedy of Macbeth, Banquo's Ghost rising to the air of " Nix my Dolly pals, fake away;" or Cato delivering his soliloquy, previous to his suicide, to the lively accompaniments of "Sich a gittin' up stairs and playing on the fiddle?"—Argus. COOUT FOOTMEN.—It was remarked thntwhenher Majesty went in state from Buckingham Palace to St. James's, to hold her drawing-room, on Monday last, two German chasseurs were mounted behind her carriage in place of English footmen. This was an intelligible hint to the leaders of fashion, and will of course he acted on. Germans of five feeteleven will be oageriy sought for, and dressed in green and silver, to open carriage doors and carry lapdegi. liut hap; ily there is no fear of the supply bein^j equal to the demand. When intelligence reaches Suxe Coburg Gotlia that England offers a fortune to her peasants as well as her princes, sour krout will be forsworn, in a fit of generous enthusiasm, for rust i'lf' and small beer for port wine.— The whole array of 800 will rise en masse, eager to exchange their muskets for gold- headed canes, and the Duke he unable to maintain his hody-zuard, except by a promise of better fare and higher pay. It is a serious question—what will become of the whole race of English footmen, who will be cast on the world by this revolution in fashion ? Wewould recommend them to forget their native language as quickly as possible, to assiduously cultivate their rouBtnchios, abandon the use of soap and razors, wear their shirts for a month without changing, go to sleep with their pipes in their mouths, and then apply for places as Germans—Britannia, CUI-ID ton ms DOVE.—The Globe of last night has the following paragraph :•—"The pigeon vrhich conveyed the result of the race for the Ascot Cup on Thursday, to this paper was thrown from the u indiiii ^ her Majesty's stand, and conveyed the new in 25 minutes, the distance being 27 miles." As Lord Palmerston, was one of those who occupied a place iu " her Majesty's stand," we may fairly infer that it was his lordship who .dispatched this "winged messenger of love" to his own peculiar journal. The Globe seems to liavo been more favoured on this occasion then on the evening of Oxford's treasonable attempt when its " quality" was announced at Whitehall, and " unceremoniously" disregarded by the police commissioners. 