ON THE IMPORTANCE OF PRESERVING HEALTH IN NEW COLONIES. TBy an American LadyL We have .111 of lis seen, with pity aiid regret, a sickly mother bur dened With the cares of her household. She has felt that there were efhployments which ho one would discharge as well as herself ; mo difications of duty in which the interest of her husband, the welfare 6f her children: the comfort of her family, were concerned, which could not be deputed to another, without loss. Therefore, she con tinues to exert herself above, and beyond her strength. Still i her step is languid, and her eye joyless. The " spirit indeed is ivillingj but the flesli is weak." Her little ones observe her de jected manner, and grow sad. Or, tlie take advantage of her want of energy, and become lawless. She, herself, cannot long persist in a cOurse of labour that involves expense of health, without some mental sympathy. The most amiable temper will sometimes be come irritable, or m n plaining, when the shrinking nerves require restj and the demands of toil, and the claims upon painful thought, are perpetual. Efforts, which, to One in health, are like dew drops shaken from the eagle's wing, seem to the invalid like the ascent of the Alps, or like heaping Pelion upon Ossa. Admitting that a sickly woman has sufficient self-controul to re pel the intrusion of fretfulness, and preserve a subdued equanimity, this, though certainly deserving of praise, is falling short of what she may wish to attain. The meek look of resignation, though it may cost her much to maintain, is not all that a husband wishes, who, coming from the vexed atmosphere of business or ambition, would find his lioirte the smile of cheerfulness, the playful charm of «v rmtnl fifr OQQ0 Men prize more than we are aware the health-beaming counte nance, the elastic step, and all those demonstrations of domestic or der, in which unbroken activity delights. They love to see a woman equal to her own duties, and performing them with pleasure. They do not like to have the principal theme of domestic conversation a detail of pliyscal illsj or to be expected to question like a physician, into the variety of symptoms which have supervened since their de parture. Or, if this is occasionally borne with a good grace where ill-health is supposed to be temporary, yet the saddening effects of an enfeebled constitution cannot always be resisted by him who ex pected to find in his wife a " yoke fellow," able to endure the rough roads add sharp ascents of life. A nature, possessing great capaci ties for sympathy and tenderness, may doubtless be improved by the exercise of those capacities: Still the good gained is only from the patient, or, perhaps, the Christian endurance of a disappointment. But where those capacities do not exist, and where religious princi ple is absent, the perpetual influence of a sickly and mournful wife is a blight upon those prospects which allure men to matrimony. Follies, and lapses into vice, may be sometimes traced to those sources which robe home in gloom. There are, indeed, instances of manly affection so generous and devoted, as never to be weary of the office of a comforter, where years of helpless sickness in the object of its choice have only the effect of increasing its own fervid constancy. We have, doubtless, all witnessed it, and felt that it was above earthly praise. Yet there is often so much of political economy, mingling with matrimony, that though the combination cannot be commended, it is still neces sary to take the world much as We find it, and adapt precepts rather to the general state of things, than to those beautiful exceptions, which are " few and far between." We have often beheld sickness endured with such angelic serenity, with .so evident a brightening of every Christian grace, that the healthful and happy have sought its chamber of discipline, feeling tliat it was as the " very gate of heaven." The smile of chastened resignation has a beauty, an eloquence, which the flush of prosperity may not boast. The young, seated by the pillow of such a monitor, are in the way of wisdom. Suffering, endured with holy acquiescence, sublimates :the character and conforms it to its Divine Exemplar. Still I have thought it right to give a strong delineation of the disappointed earthly hope, which a broken constitution often creates, that I might incline mothers to early attention to the health of their daughters, "if, by any means, I might provoke to emulation these which are my flesh, and might save some of them." But, if to manhood the influence of perpetual debility, in the partner of its joys, is so dispiriting, how much more oppressive is it to those little ones who are by nature allied to gladness ? Child hood, whose birthright is its innocent joy, must hush its sportive laugh, and repress its merry footstep, as if its plays were sins. Or if the diseased nerves of the mother do not habitually impose such sacrifices, it learns from nature's promptings, to fashion its manners, or its voice, or its countenance, after the melancholy model of the sufferer whom it loves, and so forfeits its beautiful heritage of young delight. Those sicknesses to which the most robust are subject, by giving exercise to self-denial, and offices of sympathy from all the members of a household, are, doubtless, often blessed as the means of improve ment, and the messengers which draw more closely the bonds of true affection. But it must be sufficiently obvious, that I speak of that want of constitutional vigour, or of that confirmed feebleness of habit, which either create inability for the duties which, in our country, devolve upon a wife, a mother, and mistress of a family, or cause them to be discharged in langour and wretchedness. And I speak of them that the attention of those, who conduct the early physical educa tion of females, may be quickened to search how evils of such mag nitude may be obviated. ,s Mothers, is there anything we can do to acquire for our daughters a good constitution ? Is there truth in the sentiment sometimes re peated, that our sex is becoming more and more effeminate ? Are we capable of enduring maidsliip, as our grandmothers were ? Are we as well versed in the details of housekeeping, as able to bear them without fatigue as our mothers ? Have our daughters as much stamina of constitution, as much aptitude for domestic duty, as we ourselves possess i These questions are not interesting to us simply as individuals ; they affect the welfare of the community. For the ability or inability of woman to discharge what the Almighty has . committed to her, touches the equilibrium of society, and the hidden springs of existence. Tenderly interested as we are for the health of our offspring, let us devote peculiar attention to that of our daughters. Their delicate frames require more care, in order to become vigorous, and are in more danger from the prevalence of fashion. Frequent and tho rough ablutions, a simple and nutritious diet, we undoubtedly secure for all our children. But I plead for the little girl, that she have air and exercise, as well as her brother, and that she may not be too much blamed, if, in her earnest play, she happen to tear or soil lier apparel. I plead that she be not punished as a romp, if she keenly enjoy those active sports which city gentility proscribes. I plead that the ambition to make her accomplished, do not chain her to her piano till the spinal column, which should consolidate the frame, starts aside like a broken reed ; nor bow her over her book till the vital energy, which ought to pervade the whole system, mounts into the brain and kindles the death-fever. lYJLOuiers, II you wouici uo youi tiuty, gei u iicciwotj un and become familiar with its rudiments. At least, acquaint yourself with the physiology of the skin, the lungs, the circulation of the blood, and the digestive organs. I cannot flatter myself that I am imparting anything new, when I mention that the former is composed of three lamina, or layers, and that the inner one is a tissue of nerves and blood-vessels, so minute that the point of the finest needle cannot be introduced without puncturing some of them. Through these ever-open and invisible pores the waste matter of our continually changing bodies escapes, equalling in weight more than 20 ounces every twenty-four hours. This evacuation, if checked, so overtakes other excretory organs, as to produce disease ; and if retained on the surface, and returned through the absorbents, acts as a poison in the system. Daily and entire ablution with corresponding friction is necessary to preserve in a healthful state an organ of such great importance to the animal economy. The sympathy between the skin and lungs is so established and intimate, that a neglected state of the former has much to do with the production and progress of pulmonary disease, that frequent and favourite messenger of death. Food, alter being received into the stomach, sends forth its nutritive portions, in the form of chyle, to be mingled with the blood. This junction is formed at the right side of the heart, but the mixture of new and old fluid is not fitted to sustain life, until propelled through the left side of the heart ; it is submitted by the agency of the lungs to the air. Then taking its true colour, it is transmitted through the arteries to the most remote extremity, and called back again from its life-giving visits to pass review in its sleepless citadel. Thus the whole volume of blood, which, in an adult, is from three to four gallons, passes once every three minutes through the heart on its way to and from the lungs. And those unresting labourers, the heart and lungs, from the first moment of existence, till we return to dust, continue their labours, independent of our volition, wondrous symbols of that Almighty goodness which, whether sve wake or sleep, is " new every morning, fresh every moment.-" Outlines of the wonderful formation of the human frame, we ought certainly to study, that we may not, through ignorance, inter fere with those laws on which its organization depends. Rendered precious by being the habitation of the undying spirit, our care for its welfare is a subject of almost fearful importance. Appointed as the mother is, to protect its growth, and study every art upon which its well being depends, she is forced to perceive how much the mind is affected by the state of the bodily health, and she is induced to take care of the mortal part for the sake of its immortal inhabitant. Does she attach value to the gems of intellect? let her see that the casket which contains them be not lightly endangered, or care lessly broken. Does she pray for the welfare of the soul ? let her seek the good of its companion who walks with it to the gate of the grave, and rushes again to its embrace on the morning of the resur rection. As the testimony of medical men has deservedly great weight, on subjects of this nature, permit me to offer to the attention of mothers a few passages from Dr. Comstock's Physiology : — " It is well known, that if pressure be made and continued on any part of the body, the part so pressed will gradually become smaller. Thus if one limb be tightly bandaged for a length of time, it will become smaller than the other. " To understand the reason of this, it is necessary to state, that every part of the body is furnished with two sets or kinds of vessels, called capillaries ; one set being designed to secrete , or, in other words, to produce, the other to absorb, or remove. And while animal life continues, both these kinds of vessels are constantly performing their different duties. " The flesh and all the other parts of the body are formed by the secreting or productive system which consists of the fine extremities of the arteries. The food being converted into chyle, by the process of digestion, is conveyed into the circulation to be converted into blood. From the blood thus formed, the secreting vessels produce all the different kinds of substance, of which the various parts of the body are composed ; one division forming flesh, another muscle, and another bone. . ." On the contrary, the absorbent or removing system takes up the various fluids, which are either employed in the process of secretion, or, having performed that office, are to be conveyed out of the body. The absorbents take up the chyle, by millions of mouths, and deliver it into the circulation. They also absorb tlie.superabundant moisture which is secreted in every interior part of the body; and, -conse quently, were they to cease to act, this watery fluid would increase so much, that a universal dropsy would ensue. This disease is owing to the imperfect action of the absorbent vessels. "Such being different uses of these two great sets of vessels, dis tributed in every part of the body, it is plain that the particular particles of which they are composed, are continually changing, so that, in this respect, we are not the same persons now that we were formerly, nor will our bodies, at a future time, contain any of the very same matter that they do at this moment. In childhood and youth, while the frame is growing, the secretion is greater than the absorption; in grown persons and the middle-aged, the effects of both systems are equal ; but in old age, the absorption is greater than the secretion ; lienee, the weight and dimensions of the body . are diminished, and the skin becomes wrinkled in consequence of the loss of a part of the bulk that it had been accustomed to cover. " In applying these principles to the use of stays, it is almost need less to say, that, during the growth of the body, pressure on any part, though it be inconsiderable in force, yet, if long continued, it will pre vent its increase ; and this, not only for want of room to expand, but also by interfering with the functions of the secreting system in that part. And besides this, during the growth of the system, it is well known, that in the adult, as well as in the young, pressure will also diminish any part on which it is made. Not only the soft and fleshy portions may thus be removed or absorbed, but even the bones do not resist the power of these minute vessels ; portions of their solid parts being sometimes carried away by their action. " The pressure of stays round the waist, it is quite clear from the foregoing principles, must, in youth and while the system is growing, prevent the full developement of the muscles of the back, by present ing an impediment to their increase of bulk. Even if not worn until tne body Jias nearly or quite attained its lull size, as at the age of sixteen or nineteen, still the consequence may be equally hurtful, since the form in this case, will be supposed to require a degree of tension in the saving cords, somewhat proportionate to the time they have had omitted. The effect will therefore be to increase the ab sorption, and diminish the secretion of the parts pressed upon, and thus to reduce the bulk, and, consequently the strength and vigour of the muscles. "Now the spine is chiefly supported in its erect position by those strong muscles of the back, called the dorsal muscles ; and if, by any means, these are diminished in size or strength, the spine will inevit ably become distorted; and as we have shown that tight lacing pro duces the first effect, so it is equally certain that the last will follow. "We have nothing to do with the mere extravagances, or follies, if they exist, of the female costume of the present day ; our design being only to speak of such fashions, or habits of dressing, as produce deformity and disease ; and on these subjects, there are facts so com mon and so deplorable, that they ought to induce thousands to raise their voices and their authority against the practices to which their origin is so plainly to be traced." Counselled clearly as we have thus been on the tendency of com pression to produce diseases of the spine, we ought to be ever awake to its danger in the region of the heart and lungs. A slight ligature there, in the earlier stages of life is fraught with danger. To dis turb or impede those labourers who turn the wheels of life both night and day, how absurd and ungrateful. Samson was bound in fetters and ground in the prison house for a while, but at length he crushed the pillars of the temple, and the lords of the Philis tines perished with him. Nature, though she may be long in resenting a wrong never forgets it. Against those who violate her laws, she often rises as a giant in his might, and when they least expect it inflict a fearful punishment. Fashion seems long enough to have attacked health in its strong holds. She cannot even prove that she has rendered the form more graceful as some equivalent for her ravages. In ancient Greece, to whom our painters and sculptors still look for the purest models, was not the form left untutored P the volume of the lungs allowed free play ? the heart permitted without manacles to do the great work which the Creator assigned it? The injuries inflicted by compression of the vital parts, are too numerous to be here recounted. Impaired digestion, obstructed circulation, pulmonary disease, and nervous wretchedness, are in their train. A physician, distinguished by practical knowledge of the Protean forms of insanity, asserted, that he gained many patients from that cause. Another medical gentleman of eminence led by philanthropy, to investigate the subject of tight lacing, has assured the public that multitudes annually die by the severe disci pline of busk and corset. His theory is sustained by collateral proof and illustrated by dissections. It is not sufficient, that we mothers protect our younger daughters while more immediately under our authority from such hurtful practices. We should follow them, until a principle is formed by which they can protect themselves against the tyranny of fashion. It is true that no young lady acknowledges herself to be laced too tight. Habits that shun the light and shelter themselves in sub terfuge are ever the most difficult to eradicate. A part of the energy which is essential to their reformation must be expended in hunting them from their hiding places. Though the sufferer front tight lacing will not own herself to be uncomfortable, the laborious respi- ration, the suffused countenance, the constrained movement, perhaps the curved spine, bear different testimony. But in these days of diffused knowledge of heightened education, is it possible that any female can put in jeopardy the enjoyment of health, even the dura tion of existence for a circumstance of dress ? Will she throw an illusion over those who try to save her, and like the Spartan culprit conceal the destroyer that feeds upon her vitals? We hnoiu that it is so. Who that has tasted the omnipotence of fashion will doubt it ? This is by no means the only sacrifice of health that she im poses. But it is a prominent one. Let us, who are mothers, look to it. Let us be fully aware of the dangers of stricture on the lungs and heart during their season of development. Why should we not bring up our daughters, without any article of dress which could disorder the seat of vitality. Our sons hold themselves erect, with out busk or corset, or frame-work of whalebone. Why should not our daughters also? Did not God make them equally upright? Yes. But they have " sought out many inventions." Let us educate a race who shall have room to breathe. Let us promise even in their cradle that their hearts shall not be pinioned as in a vice, nor their spines bent like a bow, nor their ribs forced into the liver. Doubtless, the husbands and fathers of the next generation will give us thanks. Yet if we would engage in so for midable a work, we must not wait until morbid habits have gathered strength. Our labour must be among the elements of character. We must teach in the nursery, that " the body is the temple of the Holy Ghost." We must leave no place in the minds of our little ones for the lunatic sentiment, that the mind's heatliful action, and the integrity of the organs on which it operates, are secondary to the vanities of external decoration. If they have received from their Creator, a sound mind, and a sound body, convince them that they are accountable for both. If they deliberately permit injury to either, how shall they answer for it before their Judge? And hoxo shall the mother answer it, in whose hand the soul of her child was laid, as a waxen tablet, if she suffer fashion to cover it with fantastic images, and folly to puff out her feverish breath, melting the lines that wisdom pencilled there, till what Heaven would fain have polished for itself loses the fair impression, and becomes like common earth. 