THE COURIER. Jfctrcnuc et Vrosprrr. HOBART TOWN, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27. We have received English intelligence to the end of June. Transportation is to be continued to Tasmania Peninsula and the unsettled districts of this colony. Two thousand convicts are to be sent here in the course of this year, commencing from the first of August last, the greater part of whom will be available for labour on the roads. The only practical objection to the working of the Road Act is thus removed, and the cost of making and repairing the roads will fall comparatively light on the country districts. We insert a letter signed Vindex dementia, pro- fessing to clear up the mystery attending the pardon of Currie, and to explain the motives which actuated the Executive in exercising the prerogative of mercy in his instance. We know not whether we are to take these reasons, since they come to us in an anonymous shape, as in any way binding upon authority, for it is just possible, that as soon as we have exposed their weakness, we shall be told there are some others in the back ground of a more cogent character, if it was not incompatible with the dignity of His Excellency to make them public. What right have the public to a reason from the Government ? If a chance one like the present should full in our way, we ought to look upon it as an especial favour, and with honest Sancho, thank God for the giver, nor look the gift horse in the mouth. Reasons are not so abundant with our Government as that they can be thrown rashly away. They are pearls of such peerless lustre as not to be idly cast before the swinish multitude. Above all, would it be out of the usual order of things to expect a reason upon demand ; it is quite enough to get an occasional voluntary tribute of this kind. It is Sir John Falstaff who says-" What ! a reason upon compulsion. Hal ! no, and reasons were as thick as blackberries, I would never yield one upon compulsion." Our Government are pretty much in the dilemma of Shakspeare's knight, who being sore pressed for a reason and could not give one, took refuge in the foregoing excuse. They do not like to say they acted in compliance with the prayer of a respectably signed memorial, or that the case was secretly re- tried, and circumstances of doubt arose in the minds of the Executive, and that the Chief Justice, who tried the case, was for granting a pardon to the prisoner ; but the only reason we can obtain is, that His Excellency will not condescend to give a reason at all. When therefore a vindicator of clemency like our correspondent steps into the rescue, we cannot do less than applaud his chivalry. The reason for pardoning Currie was, according to his showing, because doctors differed as to the nature and character of the wounds and bruises the woman sustained. It is not a question as to whether Mr. Currie did inflict these wounds and bruises ; it is not doubted that he did kick, beat, and cruelly ill-use the woman ; but the point which imperatively calls for the exercise of clemency on the part of the Government is, according to our informant, an anatomical one, arising out of the speculative opinions of surgeons. It is not a question of humanity but of law. The body was bruised and beaten. Evidence was given, that upon several occasions, shortly before her death, Mr. Currie did bruise, beat, and kick this woman. One of the surgeons who saw the body, says the woman was killed by these bruises ; the other, that although in his opinion they were not the sole cause of death, they might have contributed to it by causing a congestion of the brain. Drs. Bedford and Hobson say, that in their opinion, from the situation and character of these wounds, they were not of themselves sufficient to cause death, but that acting upon an excited frame they might have been the means of causing a congestion of the brain. Now, it should be remembered by our correspondent, that every circumstance favourable to the case of the prisoner was advanced upon the trial that more particularly were these points put to the jury by counsel for the prisoner, and by the Chief Justice, and that upon that jury there was a medical gentleman of considerable experience, and the verdict returned was guilty of manslaughter. The point was solely for the jury to determine, and they determined it according to the best of their judgment. The learned Judge sentenced the prisoner without hope of mercy, and enlarged upon the deliberate cruelty exercised towards the unfortunate woman under his protection, whose death he had occasioned. Had he, he added, been upon the jury, he should have brought in the prisoner guilty of the heavy crime of murder, but that they (the jury, had acted with, he had no doubt, better judgment, taking in view all the circumstances of the case, but such had been his undoubted impression of the prisoner's crime. The sentence was, that he be transported for life. A month afterwards the man is free, and a vile portion of the Press sets to work to congratulate Mr. Currie, " of the Blue Bell, Sorell," on his release, being, as alleged, " convicted upon most extraordinary evidence." If the pardon of a man convicted under such circumstances as these be not a deliberate mockery of justice, administered by the supreme tribunals of the colony, we are at a loss to know what is. We can find no greater burlesque on record. Lord Normanby was at least impartial in his general gaol delivery. Me opened the gaols to try the effect of the Social System, but he did not select one case more aggravated than another for the exercise of his clemency. He ventured to act in one instance without deference or reference to the opinion of Chief Justice Doherty, a most amiable and upright man, highly esteemed for his integrity of purpose and benignity of disposition. His Excellency passed him over altogether, and set the Solicitor-General to find an excuse for the release from prison of the cousin of an agitating priest. The excuse was found-being in truth nothing more nor less than a memorial of the said priest to the Viceroy-and the prisoner was let loose. How did this case tell before the House of Lords, and in the estimation of the country ? Was there not a universal cry of shame upon it, and were not the tribunals of the country represented as being out raged and invaded by such acts ? May we ask, if in the case of Currie there was any reference made to the Chief Justice of this colony ; Did any new light break in upon His Honor's judg- ment did he recommend the pardon ? Why not let the fact and the occasion of it be made known ? But if otherwise, and that he was not consulted, is not the administration of justice turned into a farce ? A respectably signed memorial is got up in favour of Currie, and the man is released, if we take the reason from our correspondent, upon a ground with which the Executive had nothing to do, and which was put beyond a doubt by the verdict of the jury. It is an exalted ground the Executive take up when they say it is quite true that the woman was cruelly kicked and beaten by the prisoner, and possibly within on inch of her life; but as he did not beat her dead upon the spot, and the doctors differ as to whether the wounds and bruises were the sole cause of death, although the jury have already determined the point this memorial is quite sufficient to raise it again in his favour, and he is accordingly pardoned, for it is a monstrous doctrine to promulgate that a man shall not be at liberty at all times to beat a woman within the verge of life. We only want to prescribe limits in so far as physical endurance goes, and no farther. It is astonishing what effect a respectably signed memorial has upon our ruling powers, in the Campbell Town case it did and undid wonders. But why did a man convicted before the Launceston magistrates of assaulting policemen, on the evidence of two convict constables, who swore to his selling grog, and which was an occasion that called for the interference of the Executive, being of a very suspicious character indeed-why did that man linger for eight months in gaol, to the ruin of himself and family ? Was there no respectably signed memorial there If the licensing magistrates of the Richmond Bench take " the ghost's word" in the shape of our correspondent's, for the reason why His Excellency thought fit to pardon Currie, they must in future be agitated with no amiable doubts or conjectures as to his guilt or innocence. That he cruelly ill-used the woman is not denied ; the question is, whether he beat her past human, or only to the extremity of human endurance ? Let them take either position, they will find it exceedingly difficult to reconcile to the good sense of the thinking portion of this community the propriety of granting such a man a license. If his son be a well-conducted person, let him have it, for the sins of the fathers descend not upon the children ; but the appearance of Mr. Currie before the last meeting of the magistrates seems to us almost too barefaced an assumption to admit of ready credence. It is however equalled, if not sur- passed, by the countenance of a portion of the Bench. Let this case be stated fairly within the walls of Parliament, and what would be the verdict of the British people? We need not answer-the conscience of the community which could permit such outrages would be its own accuser. Our friend the " Farmer" is again in the field. He must have more last words." We willingly concede him every latitude, and have only to regret that he should even appear to be offended because we assumed that he had any wheat on hand. With a sober seriousness, and a Jaques like expression of solemn sentiment; he says" I have no wheat to sell." The melancholy Jaques, after ruminating for some time, pulls out his watch, and says, " very wisely, it is one o'clock." ' Whether our correspondent has wheat or not makes very little difference to the question. We shall meet at once upon a common ground, if he bears in mind the principle of acting upon a fair remunerating standard price, recognized in the proposed plan of the Government. But if he thinks that this is to do more, and to act solely as an engine for forcing up the price of grain beyond its real marketable value, as would seem from the invidiousness which he would attach to the Commissariat, its rejecting all offers above ten shillings and sixpence the bushel, while the very fact of such offers having been made at all, upsets at once the previous hypothesis of the Commissariat being a means of unduly depressing the interest of the agriculturist: if the stores of the Government are to be mere corn law receptacles for the aggrandizement of the wheat-grower and a protection to him alone and none to the public, then we oppose any such scheme, as based on a bad foundation; and much as we consider and have advocated cultivation as a means of extending and strengthening to perpetuity the resources of the Colony, we shall have no such premium put upon it as that a party can the better afford to speculate upon getting a high price for his wheat because he is certain of a standard one, sufficient amply to remunerate him for the trouble of waiting. With the greatest imaginable affectation of injured innocence, it is made matter of complaint against the Commissariat that they threw out all the tenders above ten and sixpence the bushel. Surely the same right of judgment which you grant to another purchaser you do not deny to the Commissariat. The Farmer who tendered at that price knew well whether it remunerated him or not he had the same power of exercising his discretion as to the probable price of wheat as the party who may have tendered at fifteen shillings. Is the Government to form a store, and advertise for 100,000 bushels of wheat, at what price shall we say ? Let it be the fatal ten and sixpence. Are they then, in the event of the agriculturists expecting to realize sixteen and twenty shillings the bushel for their wheat, and refusing to supply at ten and sixpence, still bound to take their wheat at that price when some sudden depression of the Sydney market, or large supplies from abroad, shall have made it integrity not worth more than six shillings ? Will any farmer, or body of farmers, at the present moment, undertake to supply 100,000 bushels of this year's wheat at ten shillings ? It is as notorious as noon-day that the farmers have played a game of hazard with their grain : they might have got, and several who were in time did get, thirteen and fourteen shillings per bushel for their wheat. They have placed themselves precisely in the position of the merchant who was anxious to speculate with it, and they have been disappointed in the result. Can they expect, that under the system proposed to be adopted by the Government, a greater price can be obtained than ten shillings the bushel and will this uniform rate satisfy agriculturists ? How are we to regulate a uniform system according to current rates, when these rates fluctuate with every breeze ? We are driven therefore to strike an average, and our agricultural friends will forgive us in thinking that ten shillings and sixpence is, to our mind, a fair average price. It will not be much lower in these colonies, and it is sufficiently encouraging to " speed the plough." We shall not, we hope, be accused of depressing the agricultural interest. What we wish to impress upon the minds of our country friends is, the expediency of selling at once at a fair remunerating price, without agitating themselves about the grain market, but having secured a certain profit, to enter the field again, noV>of, speculation but of agriculture, and to put as much land as they can reclaim into cultivation. This they must do under the system of certain prices which they recommend and the Government is to adopt. It is not to be solely what people may imagine it to be, an insurance to the agriculturist, and that he can make a time bargain to suit himself so as to fall back upon the Government stores whenever it may suit his convenience. If such a system were carried out, the wool-grower, and the merchant involved in whaling, might also lay claim to similar protection, and with equal if not better reason. The '* Farmer" has fallen into error in computing the exports of last year, to which the Governor's Minute referred. We alluded to the demand for wheat this year at twelve and fourteen shillings the bushel for shipment to Sydney. The demand at Sydney has been subsequently supplied by cargoes from all parts of the world, not from here alone, for referring to the Customs' returns, and comparing them with those of the " famine" year, and remembering the increase in cultivation last harvest, and the far more extensive crops than we had in the season of " starva- tion, we shall see that the exportation of wheat holds no analogy to the former period. We have received numbers of the Graham's Town Journal to the 13th August. A public meeting had been held at Graham's Town on the 13th July on the subject of Immigration, when a petition was embodied to Lord John Russell praying for an extensive importation of emigrant labour; the cost of which might be defrayed out of large tracts of waste lands known to be valuable, but which are rendered useless in consequence of the paucity of labour available, either for the purposes of sheep farming or agriculture. The habits of the natives are represented to be of such a nomad and wandering character, that not the slightest dependance is to be placed upon their engagements. The petition sets forth Their wandering habits and love of change are such inseparable parts of their character, that neither the agriculturist nor sheep farmer can place the slightest dependance on a continuance of their services from one week to another. This is in some measure accounted for by the ease with which they are enabled to procure employment, in consequence of the great demand there exists throughout the colony for labourers, and acts as a powerful inducement for them to change their abode. The introduction of emigrant labour is still further urged as likely to act as a stimulus to industry on the part of the natives, and if extensively carried out will form a barrier to the encroachments of the Kafirs and other tribes, and thereby tend to relieve the Home Government of the expense of the large military establishments which it is now necessary to maintain for the protection of the borders. The quality and capabilities of the soil were enlarged upon by various speakers. Mr. W. Stanton remarked : " There was an elasticity in the country, and the people which raised them up, despite of every difficulty, and which had given occasion to a quaint remark to the effect that so full of resources was the colony, that a man could afford to be ruined in it every ten years.' " We of Van Diemen's Land must confess that the wit of this saying is somewhat abstruse. There are not many men that can afford to throw away cycles of ten years in their lives. The Petition concludes with a recommendation for Irish labourers, which reflects oddly enough on the clamour of a portion of the Sydney Press, against the importation of Irish emigrant labour, which seems to have aroused the wrath of Mr. Plunkett, the Attorney-General, who deprecated in Council those insane attacks, founded as they were is no other reason than that of religious animosity. It is com- puted by the speakers at the public meeting, that from twelve to fifteen hundred emigrants would be annually required for the Eastern districts. The class of labourers whose services here would be most valuable, is the poor, industrious Irish, thousands of whom, fora precarious pittance, report to England annually during the harvest, as their habits render them peculiarly fitted for the v of"" occupations in which your memorialists could employes"" advantageously. The remuneration which your memorials pledge themselves to give to such labourers, is three 00!' of meat, with a sufficient quantity of rice, or Indian corn potatoes, per diem, and six rix dollars, or nine shilling. per month ; their wives and children who were capable of attend small flocks, would also receive a remuneration for their services in addition to the wages given to the husband, each faT would be supplied with a cottage and one acre of ground, for the cultivation of fruits and vegetables for their own use, with n s mission to keep a cow or cows, which can be purchased at ft £2 to £3 each. It is necessary to add that they are snbjcctT no expense except for clothes, and such is the mildness and salubrity of the climate, that but few are necessary. A narrative has been published by Mr. Justice Menzies, containing a long correspondence between himself and Sir A. Stockenstrom, in reference t painful rumour affecting the character of the Chief Justice which was afloat at the Cape several year since. It appears, that on the departure of Sir A Stockenstrom for England, Sir John Wylde expressed a wish to a mutual friend that Sir A. Stockenstrom of whom he knew nothing except by character should be put in possession of the whole case and accordingly, as Sir A. Stockenstrom says :-. The common duty of one man to his fellow struggling against, apparently, unmerited oppression, and my sense of! character of all secret aspersions, induced me to consent to hear Sir John Wylde, and several meetings took place between him and me, at which he represented himself as likely to become the victim of a most atrocious combination, of which he had not been able to discover the originators and chief actors but upon which an intrigue had been constructed by his enemies with the evident view of turning him out of office and putting you in his place, He stated that he had been called upon by the colonial minister to clear his character from imputations which were not even named, and which he was left to collect from the secret whisperings of calumny and that every request, on his part, to be made acquainted with the names of his accusers had been disregarded. He named individuals as particularly active in trying to drive him and his daughter from society, by every imaginable insult, and among these individuals were Mr. and Mrs. Menzies. To this Mr. Menzies replies, that from the distance of time that had elapsed, it was advisable, in order to prevent any misunderstanding of what was actually repeated on the occasion referred to, and that the meaning of words might not seem to be perverted from their original intention by accidental transpose tion, that if any document from Sir J. Wylde were in his possession containing similar charges, a copy should be furnished so as to prevent any misrepresentation whatever. The object of Mr. Justice Menzies in making this communication, appears to have been to have compared any such document, if it were in existence, with the statement of vindication forwarded by Sir J. Wylde himself, in 1833, to Sir A. Stockenstrom, wherein he alleges there is not the most remote degree of suspicion cast upon him ( Mr. Menzies,) as directly or indirectly implicated in such calumnies. Sir A. Stockenstrom, how ever cuts the correspondence short, and refers Mr. Menzies to his friend Major Mitchell. Upon this Mr. Menzies writes a long letter deny- ing most solemnly that he was in any way invoked in any such alleged, intrigue to deprive the Chief Justice of office, and ingeniously turning upon Sir A. Stockenstrom his declaration of what his duty to his fellow-man prompted him to do on the occasion of being consulted by Sir John Wylde, while he refuses to him (Mr. Menzies,) the same apparent measure of impartiality, and wantonly charges him with being the author of these calumnies, without hearing what he had to say in reply. And this he had done in England to his prejudice. On the publication of the " Narrative" by Mr Justice Menzies, containing this series of correspondence, Sir A. Stockenstrom addressed a letter to the Commercial Advertiser, in which he says he did not charge Mr. Menzies with being the author of the calumny, but with having espoused it for his own objects, and that the fact was notorious in public and private, and the opinion of the party most affected by it, viz., Sir J. Wylde himself. The correspondence arose from a friend of Mr. Menzies, in England, informing him that Stocken strom had been giving currency to the report that the whole story had arisen out of an intrigue of Mr. Menzies to deprive Sir J. Wylde of office. The unfortunate affair, which had long since sub- sided-Sir J. Wylde having been acquitted by the profession and the decision of the Secretary of State has thus been most painfully revived. Sir A. Stock custom's style is peculiarly coarse and offensive, and we cannot help thinking that his zeal has led him to forget the courtesy due to the office of Mr. Menzies. On the other hand, the publication of the Narrative is equally injudicious, and would, we should think, subject him to removal from office. In reference to this most extraordinary correct spondence, the Graham's Town Journal observes : " In considering, dispassionately, the whole scope and character of this correspondence, without any reference to ulterior matters, we come to the conclusion that Sir J. Wylde is a deeply injured man that Mr. Justice Menzies is only injured in a less degree, and that Sir Andries Stockenitrom is, as regards unflinching denial in respect to himself and temerity of assertion respecting others, the most unscrupulous man in this colony. The small pox had reached Graham's Town, and every precaution was taken to check the progress of this most frightful disease. We subjoin the following remarks from the Graham's Town Journal of the 30th of July. The settlement of Port Natal is one among the most interesting events of colonization. Last week we were led to make some observations on the folly of the Government, in declining to recognise the16eUll£ ment which has been formed at Natal, and on the mischief which must inevitably, sooner or later, be the result of such deplorable apathy. But what need have we to advert to the future, knew the past already furnishes so instructive a lesson ? for assistance is not the Government aware that 12,000 of the old inhabitants of this colony have abandoned it? That they have crossed the boundary from an avowed dislike to British ruler That they have carried with them a deep conviction of having suffered wrong, and of the hopelessness of expecting that w?0"*! ever to be redressed by those who, they conceive, have inflicted it? Surely the Government must be aware of these were, notorious as they are, and if so, then we ask in the name of common sense, why has not some measure, corresponding w the exigency, been taken to counteract the evil? society any one to give a satisfactory reply to this question, still less 10 assign a sufficient reason for the continuance of that «"P"1*" ness of which we now complain. Does the Government not know that the emigrants since they crossed the boundary of the colony have utterly destroyed the power of the two ro°».tP0;f'? chieftains of South East Africa that they have subjugated numerous tribes, and possessed themselves of an eminent' extent of rich and valuable territory, and that in their numerous conflicts, not less than 10,000 of the natives, at a very low com- putation, have been utterly destroyed. The earthly career of that tyrannical king, Dingaan, a ceased. The following is what I saw in a letter written a Port Natal by a man whose veracity cannot be íott'1j,,!j¡¿ certain chief of Dingaan's, and a fine warrior named I had, followed his master to the Portuguese port, in Delagoa Wi and assassinated his Royal master'(Uingaan) in the regaL "" subsequently escaped with his head to Commandant 1 Pretorius and received a fine reward for his treachery. 