M:.Mr. Nichols; in addressing the court' on behalf of a prisoner, called their attention to the fact, that the Sydney constabulary were invariably supported in their charges by their brothers of the truncheon but seldom or never by any of the towns-people. Mr.Thomas Lord, of the Bank of New South Wales, was elected cashier of the Sydney Banking Company on Monday last. We understand, that it is the intention of Mr. Lord's friends to give him a dinner upon the occasion. A grand convivial meeting will take place on the lands of Mr. Fowler, on the Liverpool and Parramatta roads, on the 20th instant. The Australian Auction Company commenced business yesterday. Propositions are on foot for getting up an expedition to travel overland from Sydney to Adelaide, on to the head of Spencer's Gulf, and from thence to the Gulf of Carpentaria. The South Australians complain of the scarcity of money, and dulness of trade, which has of late prevailed in Adelaide. The Sydney Gazette informs its readers in the two last numbers, that. it is pre paring for death. The public think it is already prepared, and it is even rumouoed that the ghost of the late Standard has paid it a warning visit. The settlers at Port Phillip are on the point of sending to Europe for a steam vessel, to ply between Melbourne and the neighbouring colonies. A Mr. Gordonovitch, who formerly kept a tobacconist shop in Sydney, and on his departure from hence, left some claims behind him to a considerable amount, which he forgot to discharge, is now in London, enlisting men for the service of the King of Oude, in whose army, Mr. G. holds a high rank. We understand that a company is about to be formed in Sydney for procuring a large steam vessel from England; to ply between Sydney and New Zealand, Mr. Deaue has engaged Mr. Simmons and Mrs. Taylor, of'the Victoria, aud Mr. Horatio W. Williams, to sing at his weekly soirees. Madame Gautrot ;ap pears for the last time at Soiree' on Tuesday first. The new steam .boat Victoria, now building by Mr. Korff, and intended to ply betwcou Sydney- and the Hunter, is nearly completed, and will be lapnelaed on Monday next. , Tho Cecilian Society's. Concert is postponed to the f8th instant, on account of the holidays. Grievous complaints worn made at the Court. of Quarter Sessions: on WVedues-' day, of the careless and 'illegal manner in wicbh the. depositions wore?written at -TO P-olice-ofice. .*. Four more of tio soldiers, who-esaped from the house of correction, baro been arrested-two of themo, hidvetoeon coi mitted for highway ;robbery, tho others for,breoking prison. Mr. S, Lyons will sell, this clay; the cargo of tho. French .shipLec Sucrier; also, a :largo nunmber of ; very :uperior Mir Ahxandera Young ,has boenap pointed-inaisager of, thei Sydney Auction Company. , Aconsidervablo ;number, of horses and maresi.wiifie broughtato the hammer by SMr. ?Lyons,.at, thoe Cattle Market, next w~eeik. ,,They 'r from tho stock of Mr. .lawson, ono of teionost careful breeders of hlorses in the colony. An extensive sale, of cattlo,took .place at -Honiebish on Monday last; at. which many buyers,wore present from.Sydney, Parramatta, and the surrounding districts. Cows were sold at from £6 as. to £8 per heaid ;ryoung :blls, at from £10 to £20 ; i;nd wethers, at about 15s. od. A cold. collation was,, provided-by the proprietor on the piot. 