THE CHURCHES. DISSENTERS' BAPTISMS The legality of baptisms performed by any except clergymen of the Church of England having been questioned in certain high Church publications, the following extract from a letter to a AVeslevan Minister, by the late Rev. Dr. Adam Clarke, will be read with interest. It sets the question at rest, and the illustration of Archbishop Seeker is an argument which we fancy no upholder of the aforesaid doctrine can by possibility stand against. Dr. A Clarke says: " Should any tell you that your baptism is not sufficient or legal; convince him of his mistake, if you can, and show him that his assertion is false. Your baptism is as civil and as effectual to Christian and civil purposes as that of the Archbishop of Canterbury. This was ever the sense of our law in reference to the baptisms performed by Dissenters; but it had not fully expressed that sense till a few years back. 1 attended the arguings in the Court of Arches, before Sir John Nichol, in the case of Kemp v. Wickes, clerk, who refused to grant Christian burial to the child of the former, being a Dissenter; because he alleged that it had not a Christian baptism, being baptized by a Dissenting minister. But the learned judge examining the practice and doctrine of the Christian Church from the Apostles till the final revision of our Liturgy, proved that in all cases where water was used as the element, and the sacred name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, invoked in the act of sprinkling or immersion, then baptism was administered to all Christian ends and purposes, without any particular reference to the person who officiated; that the Church always abhorred the iteration or repetition of baptism even in cases where persons officiated who were deemed heretics, when it was fully proved that water was used, and the person was sprinkled or dipped in the name of the ever-blessed Trinity. He then gave it as the judgment of the Court, that such a baptism, administered by any Dissenting minister or person in holy orders, was an efficient and legal baptism to all Christian and civil purposes. " This is therefore the doctrine of the Church and State relative to this point; and this ever was the doctrine of both, previously to this declaration; for the interpretations of Mr. James Wheatley, and the rubrics of King James in the Common Prayer, are of no legal authority, conseqnently worthy of no regard as to the subject in question. The opposite is both a false and dangerous doctrine, utterly unworthy of the charitable and dignified spirit of Christianity. It is dangerous, as it might involve one of the most important State questions that could come before the British public. " Mr. Thomas Seeker, afterwards Archbishop of Canterbury, was the ?on of a Dissenting minister, born in 1693, was baptised after the form of that church, and studied at three Dissenting schools successively until he was nineteen years of age, when he went to the University of Oxford, and afterwards entered the communion of the Church v" of England. He "c was, hm, in iu 1732, 11 Ji, nominated uuiiiinaieu one of the chaplains of the liing, iu, 1 / J3 was up- pointed Rector of St. James's; January Sth w» uv. wttuiw) a , uauuaM' 1734, 1734 he ho n< oWa^rt t„ . «« was elevated eiuvauju to hj the uju Bishopric oisnopric of 01 Bristol; uristoi; FN that 4L.NF 1 LLFLJTT. 1 ' 1 of Oxford, in 1737; in 1750, exchanged th e prebend of Durham and rector of St. JamesV — —deanery of St. Paul's; ^ , „, and u in 1758, he „,. was named and confirmed to the archbishopric of Canterbury. He officiated at the funeral of King George II., and at the proclamation of King: George III., whom he had baptized when Rector of St. James's; and whom, with his queen he married and crowned, on the 8th of September. 1761; and on the 8tb of September 1762, he baptized the Prince of Wales, and afterwards several of their Majesties' children. We hear nothing of his ever having been re-baptized. If his baptism were not a Christian, efficient, and legal baptism, consequently lie could not baptize or confer orders; but he did both. Now were we to allow the antichristian and dangerous doctrine, that no baptism is either efficient or legal, but that which is conferred by a popish priest or a clergyman of the Church of England : than these monstrosities and abominations would follow :—King George III. was no Christian, for he was baptized by a person who was never himself baptized; and* he was no rightful sovereign, for he was consecrated by a man who was no Christian ! And added t<. all this, the true succession al'the Church is interrupted and broken ; for all the baptisms and ordinations of Archbishop Seeker, not only while presiding in the seo of Canterbury, but also while he was a country clergyman, and successively Bishop of Bristol and Bishop of Oxford, were invalid and autiehristian ; and all the ecclesiastics and high church dignitaries who have descended through that line are spurious; and the whole state of the English church is unsettled and corrupt. God save us from such antichristian, unholy, and unconstitutional doctrines!" NEW ZEALAND PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH The General Assembly's commission have appointed the Rev. John Al'Farlane, of St. Martyn's Church. Paisley, to the Scots Church to be crected at New Zealand, withasalary of £300per annum, for three years. It is probable the Church there will from the commencement be under the direct jurisdiction of the Church, to prevent the frequent, references and appeals made on this subject from all the Col- onies—S ydney Herald. 