To the Editor of the Australasian Chronicle. ON TIIE WANDERINGS OF THE HUMAN MIND. No. 13. " IHow many perish through vain and curious knowledge I who think little of the service of God, who wish to be esteemed learned, and become foolish in their own conceits."-'A. Kempis. Szn,--Macedonius, Bishop of Constantinople, who denied "the Divinity of the Holy Ghost,' in the 4th century, seems to be one of those, who through a vain wish of appearing learned in the Holy Serip tures, fell into this egregious error. The Arians elected Macedonius in opposition to Paul the Catholic Bishop of Constantinople. However, the Emperor Constantius expelled both, and forcibly placed Eu sebius of Nicomedia in that see. On the death of Eusebius, the partisans of Macedonius got him re called, and a violent sedition is the consequence, in which Hermogenes is killed, who was sent by the Emperor to quell the commotion. The Emperor enra.ged for the murder of his General, lets his sol diers loose on the people, and three thousand are massacred. AMacedonius gets possession of the see and commences a persecution ngainst the Catholics, but is soon deposed by the Emperor as a dangerous and turbulent character. Macedonius writes against the Arians, who were cherished and supported by the Emperor,--he professes his belief in the Divinity of Christ to annoy the Arians, and denies the Div- ity of the Holy Ghost to annoy the Catholics, Thus a man of irreproachable morals, but of ans ambitious and obstinate mind, broaches a new heresy and endeavours to prove his doctrine from Scripture,-says that the Holy Ghost is no where in the Scriptures called God: that the Scripture does not require of us to believe in him, or to pray to him as God. That when Christ teaches that "eter nal life" consists "in knowing the Father and Jesus Christ whom he sent," lihe makes no mention of "the Holy Ghost," who is represented as s,,r. dinate to the Father and the Son,-that by them is he instructed and inspired to teach that he prayss for for us, which belongs rather to creature than to God. Such were the Scripture references by which Ilihce donius defended his opinions, which he broached only after his deposition from the see of Constanti. nople. Several embraced this error in and about Constantinople, in Thrace, Bythinia, and along the Hellespont. The Macedonians were grave and austere in their conduct, but their error being con. demned by the General Council of Constantinople in 381, many returned to the communion of the Catholic Church. In the Apostle's Creed we profess our belief in the Divinity of the Holy Ghost, an the same form of words which are used to express the Divinity of the Father and of the Son, "I believe in the Holy Ghost." When St. Peter (Acts 5.) charges Ana nias with lying to the Holy Ghost, ho says, "'Thou hast not lied to men but to God." What the Prophets attribute to God, St. Paul (Acts 28.) ascribes to the Holy Ghost. " Well did the Holy Ghost speak to our Fathers by Isaias the Prophet, and in 1 Cor. 12, he interprets of the Holy Ghost, what he says of God, " There are diversities of operations, but the same God." "All these things one and the same Spirit worketlh." It is ih the name and by the power of " God" alone that sin can be forgiven; tie Scriptures re. quire baptism and the remission of sin to be admi nistered as follows :-" Go baptize all nations, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the holy Ghost;" therefore the Holy Ghost is God, in whose name baptism is to be administered, in union with that of the Father and the Son. St. John teaches (1 Eph. v. 7.) " There are three who give testimony in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost; and these three are one." Whatever faith teaches to belong to God, the Scriptures attribute tihe same to the Holy Ghost. To be hononred in temples-sanctification-vivification, or bringing to life--to search the depths of the knowledge of God-to speak by the prophets-to be present in all places-all these are the exclusive attributes of the divinity. Hence the Fathers of the First General Council of Constantinople, in expla nation of the article of the Apostle's Creed, "I believe in the holy Ghost," added these words, "the Lord and giver of life, who proceedeth from the Father and the Son, who, together with the Father and the Son, is adored and glorified; who spoke by the prophets." Thus, by confessing, against Mace donius, the Holy Ghost to be " Lord," they declare, how far he excels the angels, who are indeed the perfection of created intelligence; but " are all only ministering spirits, sent to minister for them who shall receive the inheritanco of salvation," through the merits of Christ, and by the grace of the Hloly Ghost, the " giver of life." Hlow vain and wicked,,then, was it in 1lacedonius to " search the Scriptures" for proofs against the divinity of the Holy Ghost, whereas every page of the sacred writings was inspired by that ,' Divine Spirit," and bears amnle testimony to hiis divine attributes. How applicable are the words of " 'T'er tullian," writing at tie close of tie second century: -" They appeal to the Scriptures with such front less impudence, that they make impressions on some: in the course of their disputes, they tire out the strong, entrap the feeble, and fill the minds of ordi. nary persons with great perplexity. We therefore establish as a fixed principle, that heretics should not be allowed to dispute about Scriptures; for if they contend with these weapons, we should first inquire to whom the Scriptures belong, lest we should allow these men to discuss that treasure, to which they have neither right nor pretension. St. Paul commands us not to engage in disputes, nor to give ear to new doctrines, as also to avoid a heretic after one admonition, and not after discussion. He has, therefore, forbidden disputation, and shewn that admonition and reprehension should be the way of dealing with heretics; and this he also commands after the first or second admonition. And the reason why we should not dispute with him is, that we are merely commanded to rebuke him. But, in a word, what good can arise from such disputes about Scrip. ture? What but passion, disgust, and a dereliction of sense and reason. Heresy does not receive some Scriptures, nor if it receive any, does it receive them entire; but either adds or subtracts to prove its own tenets, and when it seems to keep the words, perverts the sense, by different comments and explanations. 'I'o change tihe meaning, is as contrary to truth, as to change the text of Scripture. Convince them by the most powerful arguments, yet they never can be brought to a candid avowal of the truth; but adhere most obstinately to their own adulterations, to their false and double-meaning comments. What, then, will you gain by your knowledge of Scripture, when, if you defend any doctrine contained in Scripture, that will be denied, or if you deny any one, that point will be maintained against you I So you will only lose your breath in the contest, and get nothing from your adversary, besides vexation of spirit." (16-17. Prescriptions against Heresies.) How careful, then, should we be, in reading the Ioly Scriptures, to meditate on them in a profound spirit of humility, and to be ready to submit our opinions on all deep or mysterious truths to the dic-. tates of faith, first taught by our Saviour, and prac tised by his Apostles, and preserved with fidelity by that Church, " which is the pillar and the ground of truth," lest we be carried about by every wind of doctrine.-Yours sincerely, JOHN SCOTT. 