CURIOUS ENUMERATION OF SONGS, : 'CIEFLY SCOTTISH. An epistle from Archy Davidson to Sandy o'er the Lee. " Hungarford Market, Lunnon, 1840" " DEAt SANDY,-After gettin' some ' Cauld Kail in Aberdeen' with ' John Roy Stewart,' I accompanied him to ' The House below the Hill,' where ' Green grow the Rashes,' and where two or three of ' The merry lads of Ayr' were taking their' Bottle of Punch,' having lately come from ' Donside.' The landlord was ' Johnny M'Gill,' who you know, married the ' Souter's daughter;' she gave us a hearty welcome, for ' Blyth was she but an'ben,' and when ' She came ben she bobbit,' and introduced us to ' Msggy Lauder,' * Marj Gray.' &c.;, not forgetting the ' Bonnywee thing.' They were all waiting the arrival of' Lucy Camp. bell,' from ' Within a mile of Edinboro' ; for you must know Lucy is to be married to ' The rantin roaring Highlandman.' So down we sat to C. kes and ale,' and we wa rJ hep ,y, when up flew the door, and in started a ' Soldier laddie;' I thought it had been ' Johnsy Cummin,' but na faith says ' Peggy Band,' that's ' John Anderson, my Jo,' from * Bonny Dun.lee,' for ' he would be a soldier.' As most of us kend ' He was a brisk young lad,' we invited him to a seat. He took out his fiddle. and was beginning to touch ' The Bush aboon Traquair,' but was stopped by ' Dun. can Gray,' who begged he would first favour us with ' God save the King.' Hang the King says 'Charlie. Steuart,' who was instantly knock'd down by ' Jack the brisk young drummer,' who is a ' Bonny bold soldier.' We all thcught ' Lewie Gordon' would have interfered, who waa standing in a niook whistling ' Johnny Cope,' when in came the ' Wandering sailor,' singing ' Hearts of oak,' with ' Black eyed Susan,' in the one hand, and The Oak Stick' in the other; and poor Lewie did not like ' A' that an' a' that,' but slunk away as pale as' Hosier's Ghost.' ' Duncan Davidson' was beginning to cry ' Kick the rogues oat,' when in the midst of the scuffle we had notice by Roy's wife of Aldivalloch' of the arrival of the young couple from ' Wauking o' the Fauld ;' then the cry was, ' Busk ye, husk ye,' and ' Fy let us a' tb the bridal.' By this you will understand 'That Johnny's made a wedding o't.' We were just going, when ' Jenny Nettles' hinted that the 'Ale and her barrels' must be paid, on which we bid ' The good wife count her lawin.' So each of us had ' Saxpence under our thumb,' and' Jenny's Bawbee' made up the sum. On coming to ',The back of the Change house.' where the wedding was near ' The mill 0,' we were met by ' The lads of Dunse,' gallanting ' The lasses of Stew arton.' The best man was ' Rattling roaring Willie,' and I assure you ' Willie is a wanton wag.' The best maid was ' Katherine Ogie,' who is the ' Bonniest lass in a' the warld,' except ' My Jo Janet;' Our dinner consisted of the ' Roast Beef of Old England,' 'Lumps o' puddings,' ' The Haggles of Dunbar,' with the ' Kall brose of auld Scotland,' and ' Bannocks of barley meal,' &c.; . As for myself, ' There were sax eggs in the pan,' and after we had ' Dribbles of brandy,' 'Dainty Davie' gave us the ' Sow's tail,' with 'A horn of Irish whisky.' The whole cry was 'Pall the stoup and baud it clinking,' and by no means ' Drink hooly and fairly,' then ' Come gieds a sang the lady cried,' so ' Patie came .up frae the glen,' and ' Whistled o'er the lave o't,' and sung "' Maggy's Tocher.' O if yotc had seen ' Auld Rob Morris,' laughing at the ' Auld wife ayont'the fire,' singing ' O as I was kist yes treen.' We were now growin' ' Sae merry as we twa hae been,' and some of them began to ' Trip upon trinchers.' So the dancing commenced. 'The bride cam in fra the byre,' and led down with one of the' Brew lads of Gala Water. to the tune of the ' Cambells are coming.' ' The glan cing of her apron,' ' Silken snood,' and the' Gowd its her garters,' made my heart ' Gee pitty patty.' I danced a reel with the 'M id of the mill,' and the ' Shepherd's wife,' to the .tune ' I'll make you be fain,' ' Andrew with his cutty gun,' was at 'Kiss me sweetly,' with ' Bess the Gawkie,' whistling a' the time, ' Come and kiss me in a corner.' In short, we all danced heartily, but I observed ' Jenny dung the Weaver,' and' Scoff'd and scorned at him,; saying, O gin ye were ane and twenty Tam.' After this we had a ' Good night and joy;' I came ' Todlin hame' ' Not drunk, mor yet soher,' and expected a bonny wee house and a canty wee fire;' but I could not (Open the door' till three, nor waken ' Sleepy Maggy.' At last, ' My sin kind dearie' heard me, and ' Site rose an' let me in.' By this time I was a sleepy body,' and got to bed by the light of ' The bonny grey-eyed Morn.'-Yours, L' .trAnjcH DAVIDsON." 