fRtiltcr pluittlfrri'tr Clorik. -o P'I:lSONAL, ADVENTURES OF MA1STE?l '1UM PlIItEY. TIHE OLD CURIOSITY SiIOP.--CtIAP. I. ( After combating, for nearly a week, the feeling which impelled mu to revisit the place I had quitted under the circumstances already detailed, I yielded to it at length; and determining that this time I would present myself by the light of day, bent my steps thither early in the afternoon. I walked past the house, and took several turns in the street, with that kind of hesitation whicr! is natural to a man who is conscious that the visit he is about to pay is unexpected, and may not be -very acceptable. However, as the door of the shop was shuot, and it did not appear likely that I should be lerogiized by lthoso within if I continued merely to pass up and down before it, I soon conquered this irresolution, and found myself in the Curiosity )Dealer's warehouse. 'The old man and another person were together in the back part, and there seemed to have been high words between them, for their voices, which were raised to a very loud pitch, suddenly stopped on my entering, and the old man, advancing hastily towards me, said in a tremulous tone that he was v, rv clad I Lad come. " You interrupted us at a critical monent," he said, po:ntins to the man whom he had found in company with him; 1' this fellow will murder me one of these days. iHe would have done so long ago, if he had dated." " iah! You would swear away my life if you could," returned the other, after bestowing a stare and a frown on me; " we all know that!" " I almost think I could," cried the old man, turning feebly upon him. "If oaths, or prayers, or. words, could rid me of you, they should. I would be quit of you, and would be relieved if you were dead." " I know it," returned the other. " I said so, didn't I i But neither oaths nor prayers, nor words. will kill me, and therefore I live, and mean to live." " And his mother died !" cried the old man, pas. sionately clasping his hands and leaking upward; " and this is Heaven's justice !" The other stood lounging with his foot upon a chair, and regarding him with a contemptuous sneer. lie was a young ssman of one-and-twenty or there abouts, well made, and certainly handsome, though the expression of his face was far from prepossess ing, having in common with his manner and even his dress, a dissipated, insolent air which repelled one. " Justice or no justice," said the young fellow, " here I asin and hero I shall stop till such time as I think fit to go, unless you send for assistance to put tme nut--whicll you won't do, 1 know. I tell you again that I want to see my sister." " Your sister ?'' said the old man bitterly. "Alh! You can't change the relationship," se turned the other. " If you could, you'd have done It long ago. 1 want to see my sister, that you keep cooped up here, poisoning her mind with your sly seclers and pretending an affection for her that you Inay work her to death, and add a few scraped shillings every week to the money you can hasdly count. I want to see her; and I will." " Here's a moralist to talk of poisoning minds ! llere's a genereus spirit to scorn scraped-up shil lings !" cried the old man, turning frons him to me. " A profligate, sir, who has forfeited every claim not only upon those who have the misfortune to be of his blood, but upon society, who knows nosing of him but his misdeeds. A liar too," he added, in a lower voice as ihe drew closer to me, " who knows how dear she is to me, and seeks to wound tme even there, because there is a stranger bye." "Strangers are nothing to me, grandfather," said the young fellow catching at the word, " nor 1 to them, I hope. T'lhe best they can do, is to keep an eye to their business and leave me to mine. T'here's a friend of mine waitiig outside, and as it seems that I nlay have to wait some time, I'll call him in with your leave." Saying this, he stepped to the door, and looking down the street beckoned several times to some un seen person, who, to judge from the air of impa. tience with which these signa's were accompanied, required a great quantity of persuasion to ioduce him to advance. At length there sauntered up, on the opposite side of the way-with a bad pretence of passing by accident-a figure conspicuous for its ditty smartness, which after a great many frowns and jerks of the head, in resistance of the invitation, ul tinately crossed the road and was brought into the shop. " There. It's Dick Swiveller," said the young fellow, pushing him in. " Sit down, Siviveller." " But is the old min agreeable ?" said lir. Swi vyeller in an under tone. " Sit down." repeated his companion. Mr. Swiveller complied, and looking about him with a propitiatory smile, observed that last week was a fine week for the ducks, and this week was a fine week for the dust ; lie also observed that while standing by the post at the street corner he had ob served a pig v ith a straw in his mouth issuing out of the tobacco shop, from which appearancr e he au gured that another finue week for the ducks was ap proaching, and that rain would certainly ensue. lie furthermore took occasion to apologize for any ne gligence that might be perceptible in his dress, on the ground that last night he had had "the sun very strong in his eyes;" by which expression he was understood to convey to his hearers in the most delicate manner possible the information that he had been extremely drunk. "But what," said Mr. Swiveller with a sigh, " Vlat is the odds so long as the fire of soul is kindled at the taper of conwiviality, and the wing of fr endship never moults a feather I What is the odds so long as the spirit is exlanded by means of rosy wi.e, and the present moment is the least happiest of our existence I" " You needn't act the chairman here," said his friend, half aside. ' Fred I" cried Mr. Swiveller, tapping iris nose, " a word to the wise is sufficient for thems-we may be good and happy without riches, Fred. Say not another syllable. I know my cue; smart is the word. Only one little whisper, Fred--is the old auin friendly ?" "Never yot mind," replied his friend. " Right again, quite right," said Sir. Swiveller, " caution is the word, and caution is the act." \- With that, Ihe winked as if in preservation of some ldeep secret, and folding hiis arms and leaning back in his chair, looked up at the ceiling with profound gravity. It was perhaps not very unreasonable to suspect, from what had already passed, that Mr. Swiveller was not quite recovered from Ihe effects of the pow erful sunlight to which hie hIad made allusion; but if no such suspicion had been awakened by his speech, his wiry hair, dull eyes, and sallowv face, would still have been strong witnesses against him. Ilit attire was not, as Ie had himself hinted, re mnarkable for the nicest arrangement, but was in a state of disordrer whichl stronely induced the idea that he had gone to bed in it. It consisted of a brown body-coat with a great many brass buttons up the fisont and only one behind, a bright check neckerchief, a plaid waistcoat, soiledl whlite trowsers, and a very limp hat, worn with the wrong side fore most, to hide a hole in tlheo brim. The breast of hIis coat was ornamented with an outside pocket fromn whlichl there peeped forth the cleanest end of a very large and very illfavoured handkerchief; his dirty wristbands were pulled down as far as possible and ostentatiously folded back over iris culfs; hie disn played no gloves, andl carried a yellow cane having at the top a bone hand with the semblance of a sing on its little finger end a black ball in its grasp. With all thlesq personal advantages (to whlich may be added a strong savour of tobacco smoke, and a prevailing geassiness of aglpearance) Mr. Swiveller leant back in his elair with his eyes fixed on the ceiling, and occasionally pitching hIis voice to the needful key, obliged tlhe company wvith a few bars of an intponsely dismnal air, andt then, in the midd!e ora,note, relapsed into hIis former silence. 'Thle old man sat himself down in a chair, and, with folded hands, looked sometimes at hIis grandson and sometimes at his strange companion, as if he were utterly powerless and had no resource but to leave them to do as they pleased. The young man reclined against a table at no great distancee from hlis fiend, in apparent indifference to every thing that had passed; and I--slho felt the difficulty of any interference, notwithatanding that the old man, hIad appealed to me, both by words and looks-made the best feirit I could of being occupied in examin ing somne of the goods that were disposed for sale, and paying very little attentiln to the persons be fare me, lThe silence was inot of long duration, for Mr. Swlveller, after favouring us wsthl several melodiousa assurances tliat Iis hIeart was in the highlands, and that he wanted but his' Arab steed as a preliminary to the achlievement of great fears of valour and loy alty, rcmoved hisi eyes from the ceiling and subsided into prose again. " lred," said lMr. Swiveller, stopping short as if the idea had suddenly occurred to him, and speaking in the same audible whisper as before, " Is the old min friendlvy1" " What does it matter ?" returned his friend peevishly. " No, but is he ?" said Dick. "Yes, of coulse. What do I care whether he is or not ?" Emboldened as it seemed by this reply to enter into a inore general conversation, aMr. Swiveller plainly laid himsnelf out to captivate our attention. lie began by remarking that soda water, though a good thing in the abstract, was apt to lie cold upon tile stomach unless qualified with ginger, or a small infusion of brandy, which latter article ihe held to he preferable in all cases, saving for the one conside:a. tion of expense. Nobody venturing to dispute these positions, lie proceeded to observe that the human hair was a great retainer of tobacco smoke, and that the young gentlemen of Westminster and Eton, after eating vast quantities of apples to conceal any scent of cigars from their anxious friends, were usually de tected in consequence of their heads possessing this remarkable property; whence lie concluded that if the Royal Society would turn their attention to the circumstance, and endeavour to find in the resources of science a means of preventing such untoward re velations, they might indeed be looked upon as bene factors to mankind. These opinions being equally in controvertible with those lie had already pronounced, lie went on to inform its that Jamaica rum, though unquestionably an agreeable spirit of great richness and flavour, had the drawback of remaining con stantly present to the taste next clay ; and nobody being venturous enougfi to argue this point either, lie increased in confidence and became yet more companionable and communicative. " It's a devil of a thing, gentlemen," said Mr. Swiveller, " whets relations fall out and disagree. If the wing of friendship should never moult a feather, the wing of relationship should never be clipped, but be always expanded and serene. Why should a grandson and grandfather peg away at each other asith mutual wiulence when all might be bliss and concord 1 Why not jine hands and forgit it 1" " Hold your tongue," said his friend. " Sir," replied M1r. Swiveller, " don't interrupt the chair. Gentlemen, how does the case standr upon the present occasion Here is a jolly old grandfather-I say it with the utmost respect-and here is a wild young grandson. l'The jolly old grand father says to the wild young grandson, ' I have brought you up and educated you, Fred; I have put you in the way of getting on in life; you have bolted a little out of the course as young fellows often do ; and you shall never have another chance, nor the ghost of half a one.' The wild young grandson makes answer to this and says, ' You're as rich as rich can be; you have been at no un common expense on my account, you're saving up piles of money for my little sister that lives with you sn a secret, stealthy, hugger-muggering kind of way and with no manner of enjoyment-why can't you stand a trifle for your own grown-up relation ?' 'I'he jolly old grandfather unto this retorts, not only that ire declines to fork out with that cheerful readiness which is always so agreeable and pleasant in a gentleman of his time of life, but that he will blow up, and call names, and make refllections whenever they meet. 'Then the plain question is, an't it a pity that this state of things should continue, and how much better would it be for the old gentleman to hand over a reasonable amount of tin, anid make it all right and comfortable 1" Hlaving delivered this oration with a great many waves and flourishes of the hand, lMr. Swiveller abruptly thrust the head of his cane into his mouth as if to prevent himself from impairing the effect of his speech by adding one other word. ', Why do you hunt and persecute me, God help me 1" said the old man turning to his grandson. " Why do you biing your profligate companions here? flow often am I to tell Sou that my life is one of care and self-denial, and that I am poord" " How often am I to tell you," returned the other, looking coldly at him, "that I know better 1" " You have chosen your own path," said the old man. " Follow it. Leave Nell and I to toil and work." " Nell will be a woman soon," returned the othsr, " and, bred in your faith, she'll forget her brother unless he shows himself sometimes." ." Take care," said the old man with sparkling eyes, " that she does not forget you when you would hate her memory keenest. l'ake care that the day don't come lwhen you walk barefoot in the streets, and sIhe rides by in a gay carriage of her own." " You mean when she has your money ?" re torted the other. " Hlow like a poor man he talks !" " And yet," said the old man dropping his voice and speaking like one who thinks aloud, " how poor we are, and what a life it is! The cause is a young child's, guiltless of all harm or wrong, but nothing goes well with it I Hoapo and patience, hope and patience !" 'These words were uttered in too low a tone to reach the ears of the young men. Mr. Swivellerap peared to think that they implied some mental struggle consequent upton the powerful effect of his address, for le poked his friend with his cane and whispered his conviction that he had administered "a clincher," znd that lie expected a commission on the profits. Discoveting his mistake after a while he appeared to grow rather sleepy and discontented, and had more than once suggested the propriety of an immediate departure, when the door opened, and the child herself appeared. frino ina rcox.nxD. UTILITrY OF THE GOAT TO MAN. Few animals, when properly treated, are more useful to man; and though it never can answer to breed the goat in distiicts which will carry sheep, in rocky and woody countries it is invaluable. The pillow of goats' hair that supported the head of the image with which Michal deceived the messengers of Saul when lie nought David's life will occur to every one; and Pennant thinks that the variety which lurnished it was the goatof Angora. In the days of wigs, the hair of the common domestic goat of this country was in high request, and the whitest were made of it. I lie best hair for this purpose was selected from that which grew on the haunches, where it is longest and thickest. In Pennant's time a good skin, well haired, was sold for a guinea, though a skin of bad hue, and so yellow as to baffle the barber's skill to bleach, did not fetch above eighteen pence or two shillings. Goats' hair is at presett used in the manufacture of wigs for the dignitaries of thie church and the members of the bar and the bench. Tlhe skin, particularly that of the kid, is of hIigh impor tance to the glove manufacturer; it is also said to take a dye better titan most others. ''Thle horns are useful for knife handles; and tihe suet, it is alleged, makes candles far superior in whiteness and good. ness to those made fromnt that of the sheep or the ox, and, according to Pennant, brings a much greater price in the market. ''lThe medical properties of goats' milk and wley have been highly extolled, and the chease is much valued in some mountainous countries.-Penny Cyclolpedia, rol. 11, art. " CGoat." POPULATION AND FOOD -Otlior cir cumstances being the same, it may basfflrmedl that countries are populous accordling to the quantity of hluman food which they piroduce or can acquire; and happy, accordting to the liberality with wvhich this food is divided, or the quantity which a day's labour will purchase. Corn countries are more populous than pIasture countries. But their happi. ness does not depend either upon their being thinly or fully inhabited, upon their poserty or their riches, their youth or their age; but on tihe proportion swhlich the population and food bear to each other. l'Thlis proportion is generally thle most favourable in new colonies, lwhere the knowledge and industry of an old state operate on the fertile unappropriated land ofa new one. In other eases the youth or the age of a state is not, in this respect, of great importance. It is probable that the food of Great Britain is divi ded in mnore liberal shares to her inhabitants at the present period than it was two thousand, three thousand, or four thousand years ago. And it has appieared that the poor and thinly inhabited tracts of the Scotch Highlanlds are more distressed by a redundant population than the most populous parts of Europe.Rev. T. R. Malthlus. Spontaoneously we render the path of life a weary one, and plant all the thorns that ob struct it; while the few stray flowers that cheer us arise in some extraneous and contingent agency. Conteomplation dlisplnys to us tho past events of our lives, which, during their occurrenca, we saw not; as a calmn clear day shows us the rocks and wrecks of the sen, which we discovered not while tossed on tlheo turbulent surface of the waters. Ideas are the soeeds of thought, bt thcey do not produce flowers unless the soil where they are sown is fertile,. You'rTH AND Actt.-Youth resembles a Claude Lorrni t glass, iwhich imparts to all objects its own banuttiful tints ; but age is like a magnifying lens, which leaves tno defect unseen. A man with it vast number of ideas, without strong power of reasoning, tescmbles a gene. ral incapable of directing his troops. VIRTUES OF SAVAGE AND SOCIAl. Livr.-Every thing that call contribute to teach the most unmoved patience undler the severest pains and misfortunes, every thing that tends to harden the heart and narrow all the sources of sympathy, is most sedulously inculcated on tihe savage. The civi i-ted man, on the contrary, though he may be advis, d to bear evil with patience when it comes, is not in.tructed to be always expecting it. Other virtues are to be called into uction besides fortitude. lie is taught to feel for his neighbour, or even his eneoty, in distress; to encourage and expand his s(ciat affections; and, in general, to enlarge the sphere of p!easurable emotions. The civilized man heops to enjoy, the savage expects only to suffer. \--Malthus. 'I'THE POETRY OF LIFE.-Trhe poetry of our lives is, like our religion, kept apart from our every day thoughts: neither influence us as they ought. We should be wiser and happier if, instead of secluding them in sqme secret shrine in our hearts, we suflered their humanising qualities to temper our habitual words and actions. DIscovenY OF AtM ElICA.-IL is matter of historical proof, that the Normans of past ages not only discovered North America in the course of their bold expeditions across the high seas, but during the ninth, tenth, and eleventh centuries, ray, even so late as the fourteenth, kept up an un interrupted intercouse with the coasts along Lan caster Sound, l3atrowv's Straits, and southwards as low as Flurida, particularly withl the people of the country which at present fortes the states of Massa. chusetts and Rhode Island. This remarkable fact has been confirmed by several manuscripts and nar. ratives of travel which have recently been brought to light, and the discovery of several remains in North America which are incontestably Norman in their origin. We ourselves possess genealogical tables, brought down to the present day, which show that there are many families still existing in Iceland, Norway, and Denmark, particularly that of Tihor. waldsen, the sculptor, whose forefathers were chief. tains of native races in North America, and were themselves born under that sky eight centuries back. It appears extremely probable that Columbus, who visited Iceland in the year 14177, was first made aware of the existence of another quarter of tire globe by the people of that island, and that in this way the idea of making a voyage of discovery west wards was first suggested to his active mind -Frrom a Christiana paper. CHARACTER OF MAN.-As storm fol lowing storm, and wave succeeding wave, give addi tional hardness to the shell that encloses tihe pearl, so do the storms and waves of life add force to the character of man. POLITENESS OF THlE LOWER CLASSES iv Nonwav.-Mr. Laing, in his "Journal of a Residence in Norway," says-" 1 like the politeness of people towards each other in this country; the pulling off hats or caps when they meet either strangers or friends. The custom is universal; common labourers, fishermen, private soldiers, salute each other with a bow, and do not merely touch the hat, but take it off: 'This is carefully taught to the children, and even the schoolboys bow to each other in the streets. Such a custom is not to be laughed at; it has a humanising effect. '[he exterior form of goodwill, altlhough but a form, introduces a pause before any expression of illwill or passion can be indulged. " [ There is something good even in the forms of goodness ; and it is not unimportant that, though only mechanical, they should be ob. served ,by the very lowest class in their ordinary intercourse." CONSCIENCE.-A starving man, who committed theft, was asked by a pious person if his conscience had not cried out to him to forbear. " Alas !" replied he, " if it did, the cries of my stomach were so much louder, that they prevented me from hIearing those of conscience." CHOICE OF A PROFESSION.-Parents and friends too often forget that in determining the future pursuits of the young under their care it is not enough that a profession be respectable or lucra. tive, or one in which the youth may be expected to succeed by means of family influence. In addition I to these circumstances they ought to take into account the talents, the disposition, the natural bent of the mind of the indivifiual immediately con cerned ; for, if this most important item be omitted in their calculations, the probability is, that, if he have any individuality of character, they will seri ously mar his happiness while endeavouring to the utmost of their power to promote it.-Curtis on HeaIlth. M EN AND WVoMrEN.-A woman's head is always influenced by her heart ; but a man's heart is generally influenced by his head. INSANITY.-,1. B3riore dtio oisemont makes tihe following estimate in his " Essay on the Effect of Civilization with reference to Insanity :" In London there is I lunatic or idiot in every 200 persons ; in Paris, I in 222 ; in St. Petersburg, 1 in 3133; in Naples, I in 729 ; in Rome, I in 418; in Milan, I in 242; in Turin, I in 434; in Florence, I in 383 ; in Mladrid, I in 3350; in Dresden, I in 466; and in Cairo, I in 30,714. SOLITUDE.--In solitude we retain our own faults; but in society we superadd those of others. SoctETY.-Society punishes not the vices of its members, hut their detection; like the Spartans, who punished the discovery of theft, and not tihe crime. RELATIVE POSITIONS OF RICH AND POOR.-- The question whether the rich support the poor, or the poor the rich, has been frequently agi tated by those who are not aware that while each does his duty in his station, each is, reciprocally, a support and a blessing to the other. All are parts of one harmonious whole; every part contributing to the general mass of happiness; if man would but endeavour to repay his debt of gratitude to hIis Crea tor, and, by a willing habit of usefulness, promote the happiness of himself and of hiris fellow creatures. In this way the higher classes of society may, by su- periority of power and education, do mor seorvice to the other parts of the community than whlat they re ceive ; the welfare of the poor being then, in truth, more promoted and assured by the gradations of wealth and rank titan it ever could have been by a perfect equality of condition, even if that equality had not been in its nature chimerical and imnpracu cable, or (if practicable) had not been hostile and fatal to the industry and energy of mankind. Rank, power, wealth, influence, constitute no exemption from activity or attention to duty, but lay a weight of real accumulated responsibility on the possessor. If the poor are idle and vicious, they are reduced to subsist on thie benevolence of thie rich; and if tihe rich (I except those to whom health and ability, and not the will, is wanting) are selfish, indolent, and neglectful of the conditions on which they hold superiority of rank and fortune, they sink into a situ ation worse than that of being gratuitously main tained by the poor. They become paupers of an elevated and distinguished class, in no way per sonally contributing to thie general stock, but sub sisting upon the labour of the industrious cottager; and whenever providence thinks fit to remove such characters, whether in high or in low life, whether rich or poor, the community is relieved from an use- less burden.--.ir Thomas Bernard. SritENOTII OF MLND.-lBy relying on our own resousces, we acquire mental strength ; but, wsten we lean on others for support, we are like an invalid who, having accustomed hirmself to a crutch, finds it difficult to walk without one. THE LuNGs.-,--Observation anti oxpe riment lead to thie conclusion that the lungs, when moderately distended, contain at a'medium about twelve pints of air. As one pint is inhaled at an ordinary inspiration, and somewhat less than the same volume is expelled at an ordinary expiration, there remtain present in the lungs, at a minimum, eleven pints of air. IThere is one act of respiration to four pulsations of the heart ; and, as in tIhe ordi nary state of health there are seventy.two pulsations, so there are eighteen respirations in a minute, or 26,020 in the twenty-four hours. In round num. bers, there flow to thie human Intgs every minute nearly 10 pints of air (besides the 12 pnntscon stantly in thie air vesicales) anrd nearly B pints of blood ; but in the space of twenty.four hours, up wards of 57 hogshe;adls of air and 124 hogsherods of blood.-Souithiwead Smith's Book f Healtlrh, vol. ii. The ktowledgo of the world Lthat aena bles us to escape from errors can only be acquired by an experience which costs us many of our most cherished illusions, 