THKATRICALS. A prnss of \veiir,1iti«r tnutter hns prn rIiuIikI us from uotii'iiifj, for sntno time |in«t, th« snyiusjs and doings, of the drn ini\tic ik'|jar1miMit. Our sileiuu1, howuvur, must in uo wisu lie construed into iti ditlurenee to Its prociM'tliugs — our visjiluiiro lniH buun tinri-itiittiiirr, n ml our Holiritinle fdt-its w«U doiiiir itnabaiecl. But. truth to npnuk, if we hnd n/uwe nt our disposal, we hIioiiM have liu-kcd theatrical matter to fill it. The Viftoria has ki-pt on this even Innnrof it«4 way, oRi'riujj uotliitiij vuntark alilo either fo'r pruHu or condumnation. Thn pieces selected linvc, with ouo solitary/ Hxc.eption, bueti puifeiMly presnuinlilc— a far.t which limy hu assumed to In* w«U attested by tliH full nii(Uetices which they Iiiivk continued to tittvart. tt is hut lair nnd just to sny thnt 'Mr Lnznr rlischnrpcs his inatiMfjprial fmifitions in ;i manner cvL-vy way piaisfiwortliv. Ho will, of course, seo th-! propriety ol' roiitiiititii»; t(i hrititr out such picci's 'us may he nceeptable to this taste atul judgment of tht; ntspcctahle clnssfs of our society. Let this point liu steadily ki!nt in view, and theatricals, lieiu« once t'st:itilislu'd on it sound bnsis, must of nefcussitv sucoeed. Th« benefit sftison is fast npiironchiiiir- nntl, it is to be hoped, tnat tlie periormors win uo cnreini.nttnoir respective benefits, to .avoid that nd raj} tantlum which they me, on such occasions, but too prone to consult. Tin? present company have been indefatigable iu their eNcrtiuns during the past season— they deserve fuviirablo consideration from thu public and w« have no doubt they will receive it. In looking over some Into London journals wn wern eminently niniHod at the exquisite collection of pie'ct'.s pro duced at tlio various petty theatreu with which th««rcat. metropolis abounds. What becomes of Euripides, Ati-tophiines, 'IV tetice, Shakspeare, Massiugur, R'icino, L'ipe z d« Vuga, and lilt the rest of tho-e whom \v« were wont to view as muster spirits, when compared with the projectors of the following heroic, pieces: — 'The Mnrderod Mnrki-re), or thu Ghost of the Hurring Pond !' The Humane Butcher, or the Spirit of the Slaughtering House. !' ' Thu Curse of Jim Cowkeeper, or the Betrayed Milkmaid!' ' The .Stubborn Stable Boy, or the Mysterious Breeches!' ' The Flight of .Moses, or a JjCgeud of Holy well Street!' ' The Tentieuny Nail, m- the Blighted Carpenter !' Then we have u few others combining every shade of passion, sentiment, and feeling — com- passing too, every kingdom, natural and vegetable — and every grade in civilised life. Tal k of Shakespeare's creative powers, what nro thev to the following: — 'Tin* U«ly Charity'Girl, or the Fatal Wren!' ' Tiie Hying Horse, or A Tale of the Staggers 1' ' The Mildew'd Muffin, or the Ci umpet Seller's Perfidy I' 'The Fried sausage, or ax* east oi oaiuc iiiiriuoiomew i 1 Blood and Thundec, or the Demon l'V.a!' ' Itogero Rogers, or the Victim of 'Fried 3acon !' 'The Giant Ovster, or the Fiend -r Shelley!' '? The Knight of the Golden Spur, or the Tired Twopenny Postman I' * Tim Abduction of a Turtle, or the Alder nan and the Glenn Fat!' 'Tho Early Hhirp, or the Splendid Sparrow !' We hnvo much satisfaction in announcing :he election of Mr Robert Fitzgerald, to !he vacant directorship of the Bank of i New South Wales. A half-yearly meeting ' af the above institution was hold on Tuesday ' Instywhen a dividend of eight per cent for tho lust six mouths was declared. There was a full attendance of shareholders and directors — a circumstance, which must have been peculiarly gratifying to Mr Fitzgerald, inasmuch us liu election was unanimous. This gentleman appeared as a candidate with peculiar claims to the suffrages of the proprietors: his father was one of the original founders of tho bank — paid the first deposit of the subscribed capital— was a gentleman of extensive wealth, and un doubted Integrity. Of which the two hitter qualities aro as amply possessed by his son, with the additional recommendation of being an Australian. We perceive hy an advertisement in another column that tha anniversary tneot ing of tha BenevoleniSoeioty is appointed to take plnce on the 31st instant, at tho Old Court-house, Castleroagh-street. A. M'Leay, Exq., will preside upon thn occa sion. As the demand upon this and similar charitablo institutions in every yoar on tho increase, wu trust that tho wealthy will extend their liberality, at least in a propor tionate ratio. Tho lalR dramatio writer, M Michael Bovnr, brother of Mier Beyer, tho author of 'Robert In Dmble, has directed by his Will) lllUl I HU III II IIU V I' I f* MICH UUU \rt IU' houses at Berlin might be sold, should bo invested iu tho public funds of Prussia, and the income given to young palntors and sculptors of the Jewish persuasion, to tumble thorn to travel into France and Italy, iu ordor lo Improve thntnselvos in their art.— Galignuni's Messonger, March 21. Transportation,— \\\ will not be possible for the Colonial Office to avert a dis cussion on t.ho subject or Transporta tion. That department has announced its intmitlon to adopt tntiaHttres not merely nt variance with tho report of the House of Commons Committee, tint so utterly ro» nnimnnt to the view* of thut Comin ttue, (of which both Lord John IIwmhH »'-1 Mr Unhurt Pool woru mumbots concurring, wo believe, 111 tho report,) uh to extend and auuravatB that part of the nyntwn -which th* Commit toe, on thu tumultuous tuntl moiiy oflhe witnessed, moHt eniphutlca ly coildoiniuid. The Colonial Ompe plan lor sub acting all transported convict* to the ImrrorHO? Norfolk ItdunU, and Hibo cUs trlbittlng thBin ovor the Polynesian Arohlpolngo, otiimot ?taud n dhcusilon in Purliumonr. ll U too nbstml ,ls w.,.ii wlokmi. ITijw ihuu arc cuuvicis tl, b'- ,'i° |N»eil ! off Chuttgu of some mnt ||,,.re „ '' he after the H»posnre..l,y the Hoim' 'r CoinmoiiN itsell t,t tho lollies ,,„-! InlnwLJ of tho present svHtfin, Here is ,, , w«.k'. work tor ;ih«Ho,WaSrC, m&£ unless ,t slu.ul.l b? cont.-ut with allow! , ~ some obscure clerk «,f tho Colonial 0|fcS to legislate u. thU mutter. Other m,',' tionswith respect to tin Australinn Cnl,, ntes demand tho «urioim uttmitio,,' Tt parliaiiiHiit. The woiiilurfn) nrosm-ri v nf kew South Wnles and Van DiemJn'.Snd u passing away for want of h.bouri,,! hands. England is In danger or loTim customers who annnnlly purchaHe a m P lion s-worth of Iwr go.,d». The co.,tin,lan 0' of the penal charuuter of those colonies U also vory injurious tn them, as it c:heuk« the emigration ofeapilaiists wllh families-. a class by whom Botany Bay, as such Im, attractions very inferior to ii«w colonies in the neighbourhood which aiu freii froni'th,, opprobrium of tho punal nntne, though bv no moans superior in natural advanfnire* And lastly, it may bu asked, whether thii ?Act for the temporary government of these colonies is to b« amiin renewed for a vonr because the Colonial Oflico is too careless to frame a measure for their permanent government ; or whether they nro to bn relieved from ' a closnotism in'the strictest sense of the word,' likn that which Lord Durham 'exercised, nnd which still subsists in Lower Caiinda (for New South Wide, und Van Diumen's Lund are ruled by Go Vernorsi and Special Councils willi pmvers just as despotic as those of Lord Durham's Dictatorship), and tonnjoy at length tliesn free institutions which are deemed the birth-right of Englishmen. We have heard that Mr Charles Buller has engaged tu bring this subject before tho House of Com inons. Tt could scarcely be in better hnnils if ho will but exert them.— Colonial Ga zette, January 15. ' .'.??? ? The Campbell Town races for September next are spoken of as promising gootl sport. The race course wu think the beit in the colony, ns far as tho comfort anil convenience of the spectators are concerned. Campbell Town nnd its neighbourhood nto at ju-it such a distance from the metropolis as to constitute a pleasant ride or drive, either foV u homestead or an occasional excursion. It has always appeared to us too, that limn; i.-isoinethiug of the character of Enirlish scenery about it.' In a wnrH Campbell Town races form our favourite annual rural recreation. We promise our selves gootl entertainment on the forth coming occasion. A meeting is to be held there on the 25th, to take into consideration the best menus of promoting that much desired object of building a bridge across the Meualigle, nnd for which the Council voted in 1835,£l2O0. We hope the meeting will be well nttcuded with beneficial prac' tical results. ???-.?? We understand Hint the clerks in the letter branch department of the General Post Office, are ahout to petition the Gover nor in council, for remuneration for those hours which they aro encaged on public duty beyond tho regtilsited official hours in tho other government offices. It is un doubtedly true thut the business of this office is heavier, nud the liouis more pro tracted than iu any oilier public 'department. The Post Office functionaries begin their labours earlier in Tho morning, alul remain iu tlifir performance later iu the eveuing than the rest, of tho government establish inputs, and that the business in thnt office is most efficiently performed wo believe to be generally admitted. VV'o therefore wish them every success in their proposed appli cation. \Ve feel persuaded that if the mattoi be properly btouglit under the con deration of the authorities, it will as far ns practicable, be favourably entertained. ,/\i w-; have 'before said, (and what indeed every body knows) the PnstOilice is a ritat branch of' public, aff.iirs, and we are sure the public would be well pleased tu see the services of those employed therein ade quately remunerated. At the Quean's Levee on the Gth March, Sir Moses Monteliore, F. It. S., was pre sented to her Maiestv bv his Grace the Juke of .Norfolk, on Ins return Iroma tout n the Holy Land, and to accompany an iddress of congrntulation to her Majesty rom the British Jews; anil also to ncconv inny an address of congratulation from the iihabitantsof Ramsgatc and St. Lawrence. VIr Isaac L. GoliUniid, an address from ;he Jewish congregation of Maiden-lane, Strand. — Correspondent. TJto military are instituting proceeding! 'or a grand masqnernde ball in the style of the ltpgontville gnla. We believe, Mr Slmcs, tho indefatigable theatrical groom Df the stole, whose accurate tasto and deep research in all matters connected .with costume- mid , Us embellishments are duly known in our citv, purposes. to establish an emporium for tlie equipment of thoso who doslon to assist at masquerades, tourna- ments, or fancy balls. In his repository will bo found the dress of every nation, ofeverv ngo, from the primeval patriarch!, down to George Darnwell or Jim Crow, Tho operation of the new penny postan system and the abolition of/ra»i*twj7 « Enirland is said to have been em uently successful. We aro desirous of seeing the latter arrangement carried into eBecthne —indeed it is essentially required that such should be the case. The Post-ofta did r.ot last Vear defray its expenses Jy something about two thousand pound'. Now, it fs -unquestionable, -that /wnfl«? forms an important item in the PW**** accounts. It has often l'e«»1Pr?imi!l|e.d:'°r directlv, that franking should be ilucon tlnued^-it is high lime to do ho. -Ul M Postmaster submit to kli, Kxcallenoy tto aovernor the average nmount of ptjWJ on franked letters monthly, nnd we ...leei confident that tho infoitnatlon will nrthi overlooked by liU Excellency. DuHt (he duty of the Postmaster to bring these! facts /o'rm«//v beforo tho authorities. , I A race lor a inniier, iu rum, »—?? — v ife, mav bo seen iu a vary «^ctlv.e.ri ' . it the public auction land so as, when n xeshments aro usually provided, and . w» .tantial feedtn- top-linm, b'oovWJ uread, wine, ale, and porter. We taw « ;llflerent occasions lookud in at thes ?» »ie«. »nd there aro five or six faces that we i variably meet, but the moment the feea over, (with them,) the curtain dropM' thev retire. We recommend the .ttBltawj to opun an account with these, knIMJ rork' gentry, and furnish them mo. W with the .bill- of supplies Vhad and ;«» Binned I ? ' ! ??'. We have feoelvad ? MWW'W^jSiS a highly rBHpBotaWepltl«BnoompWjW|« tho coroner, or the polloe ?«*.»« TCj allowing tho biily of » poor wart, « ilruppeil.fleatt Jn tho 'f treat «» W remain umwerol. Ai throe 9™%^ Mtmdny, It wn. not yet '?'^?'?Ju, only 1. .hmnaiihy outrage.^ bu Up fHBllng Is lusultod by such aPro,c'flflm'fu,ed alleventn, the |wlfce inleht M^tSoer tho body to bo removed or mm** .wj r tho fault lies wlllt *? ^1°* *£?-$&* we do not know, hut tlie fnct menUou*' highly loprnboiwlble. //imiww '/ Co«m-/f.— Ak.wiII to hubii in. .,,revtoMricoruiiiii,th..ooiiiicjniiisiidonin«d » tUTu^clav, July .28, when thu M low ng b n^ will' come before it :— 1. I-or«!gn 'tnchmctYt and Lhwm as tO( Absent pemoiw AmendniHiit Bill, third ramllng. 2, Pinnsh rludiii'- 3, Municipal Corporation B , oml° rending. 4. Parish Roads Bill ccond rending : and the following proponed resolutions':— I3v Mr James Macurtluir— 1, 'That in the opinion of this oouuuil the establishment of Municipal institutions for .he re-Milution and inaimgeinunt of local aflairslVo1''' tend Preatly to promote the cood government of the colony, und to adtnnco its bust -interests.' 2, «? i lint before procoediiiK to enuct nny law upon thu subject, his Excellency the Governor I,,, respectfully requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions (accompanied by such further representations as his Excellency mny deem advisable) to the Hieht Honor iiblu the Secretary of Stiitu for the Colomnl cfennrtmeut, nml earnestly to solicit thnther Muiesty will be graciously pleased to sanction and authorise the establishment of Muuicipul Corporations in this colony.' 3 'Th.it his Excellency the Governor be farther requested to direct that n census of of the population of the colony be taken, with a. view to the attainment of such statistical' data, as may assist this council in legislating upon tho subject.' Also one from Sir John Jamison — 'That this council ore of opinion that no free person should be disqualified from Municipal franchise by reason of auv siMiteneo of transportation passed out of the colony or flew South Wales.' And one from Mr James ftlac arthur ? 'That his Excellency tho Gover nor bo respectfully requested to introduce a Bill to authorise thu Election of Com missioners of Highways in the colony of New South Wales, and tho levying of rates for constructing and repairing such high ways ' The second reading of the I3a riles ?Asset's 'and Liabilities Publication Bill is set down for Wednesday, 29th in«tnnt. ? Sinkiw Fund — Upon Mr H. Macurthur briri'ing' forward his motion in Council, on Tnesdav, for compensation' to the pur chasers' of land m New Zealand, the Governor asked him in ' what 'way ho pro posed 'laying out the thousand pounds; whether on the land itself or how?' Mr Wacarthur replied, ' he cared not how:— 'in any way in which it could be sunk.' 'Suppose it Was sunk in thu bottom of the gca— would that do?' was his Excellency's facetious rejoinder, which, of course, raised a liiiijih at t lie honorable member's exclu sive cos't. , '? 8lit/fft rfB/crtifrt»»'.-x-The Lord Bishop of Au5tiii1i:i retrriuded the Governor of Mr James Macarthur's suggestion with respect to a library for tho ush of 'members to be attached to the Council Chamber, and re commended that £200 should be added to 'the estimate for the ensiling year for that ?ptirpose. IJis'Excellenoy sditl, he entirely ?concurred iu the propriety of the suggns ?tion, and he thought it highly necessary, ?tlinta small library, comprising such hook* ?of constant reference as were indispen sable, should be provided. t He only snw ? two' objections' to it : the first was, that they had no place to jnit the books (scru- : 'tiniVuig the booki'ase in the recess) if they, liad them; and' the othcir was, t lint 'they 'bad no muneif'tit buy them with. ( .-Dignified' P/iMse'iliM/!/.— On Tuesday lastl'iis Excel lencY (in Council nssemblod) ?made tho. lollov.'ii'ig mcinoiable speech, in reply to SiriTohn Jamison who was urging the 'postponement of-1he Municipal Coi j])or.\tion Bill to- next session. ' There is ? no objection Sir John, only them is sin old' ?proverb — ' '/'hem's many a ulip between the ?cup mid the lip? uuil next session we may have ithei' visn TO 'fky.*' Sans Culotte.—During the discussion on the " Aboriginal from Fire-arms Prohibi- tion Bill," in Council, it was proposed to grant licences to those blacks who were deemed worthy of boing allowed the use of fire-arms, when an honorable niember inquired, " how the blacks were to take care of their passes ?" " In their breeches pockets to be sure," wns the flippant reply of another honorable member, forgetting that the poor blacks (like the Cameronians) were sans culotte. A StomUaiwr. — The Governor said, 'the lothor day in Council, that one of his reasons for bringing forwardthh Municipal 'Corporation Bill was, that, finding the ? necessity for taxation 'to raise funds, hu 'was desirous of doing it in the most. pnlu'l- 'able way possible, therefore ho 'introduced 'it by way of-n,' sweetener,' We 'have benn requested to call tho ^attention of the public to tho valuable Bat hurst properties advertised for sale, by Mr Liscomhe in another part, of this day's jpaper. From all accounts of it, we' conceive it to be one of the most eligible among the many 'opportunities of ndvnritngeously investing capital 'in '. up-country -town proparty at present availablo. The Australian - Sugar Refining Com pany, are, we are informed, on the point of commencing their operations. We wish them evfiry success which their 'enterprizu deserves. Tliey have, we hear, purelinsed an estate in tho* immediate neighbourhood . of Sydney. Robert Campbell, Esq., M C. has, mainly we believb from n regard to the interests of 'the metropolis, offered to them a portion of the Canterbury estate shunted upon Cook's River. The doubt therefore which existed as to tho Port at which this new branch of industry will be introduced, no longer exists. That great ndvnutuge is secured to Sydney, ? Game. — 'It has long been a innlter of surprise that some enterprising speculator in ornithological delicacies, hiii not thought it worth while to secure some of , the game ducks nnd water fowls which , abound in the Pnrramntta River, as by bringing them to the Sydney market they would make a profitable return.' Such ?were the profound meditations of the \- master of one of the i'arnuuatta steamers, as the boat glided swiftly by n large shoal i,«f wild, duck upon thu'watur, niuT ho dot terminod to secure the verv next ho met ' by hook or by crook.' Ito had not pro ceeded far when one of the finest wild ducks he thuught.hu had ever soon sat most tnnjestlcttfiy, upon the surfaeo of the water, looking as complacently us a duck , cun look, and as if it meant to suy,' come and catch me.' The skipper Bolted a, ropo's end, with tlio rapidity of light ning, with which he formed a tunning noone, or slip knot, nnd nt the first odor mined the dnlnty prize. An game is always bettor the longer it is fopt ho run « »p in the tigging, there to sunson until 'is arrival in Piuramattn, when he ex pected. It would be in prime order to iiwlte his friends to a sumptuous repiiNt. But, somehow or other, during tho night, ' tho bird liud llown' and huu not been since heard of. The story got wind both at 1 arramntta nnd Sydney* nnd tnnny linpor tlnnnt Inquiries, relative to this unlbrtuuntu bird, lmvu Irritated tho dlstippoiutod skip per ut both plucuu nvar hIuco thU mlsltnp, Whunanyof tho l'lirrnhinltonUus talk of rrncurlng any of thn gatno on that flno ilvur tbn dlttnournglng riMrtttrlc is invariably fliaac that ' it's «o ujo, for It won't keop'' A x/itiit speech.- — After nil Hahntnte uddi'oss tu the full court trom Mr- Foster, in a ense which was argued beforo-it on Tuesday week, Mr Wiudeyer who was ' with him,' rose nnd (much to the disappointment of the learned counsel engaged on the other side, who anticipated rioh inateriuln for nniiiiariveraion from the ? expected speech) delivered himself as follows : 'I am sure, after the very nbie und elaborate address of my learned friend, the court will not expect me to any more than that / entirthj concur in all his atgumenta,' Mr TherrVi who was the opposing- cnuiMt.-l, looked thunder-struck, and a guiierul titter went round thu court ut his ridiculous discomfit ure. , , /llesuinr/a — His Lordship the Bishop, of Aiistruliu, in udvocating tho' claims of the children of missionaries to exclusive piivi legeW with regard to grunts oflnnd in New Zealand, observed that 'he did not know ii body of men more blessed (under Divine Providence) with n. numerous and prolific progeny than the New Ztiuland mission' nries.'— We wish thmn jby. I.ic/lit nhininr/ out of' darkness. ~Wia Excellency the' Governor Is occasionaly very facetious iu council, and even some times attempts a pun. During tin: debate upon tl*» New Zealand question on Wednes day week, which was proceeding somewhat tardily and the clay advancing rapidly, his Excellency exclaimed 'Como1, eomo. gout le^ men, if we do not get oil a little faster darkneai v/ill be .npun us before we can throw any light up on the subject.' The Colonial MugnSiun for February and March has reached us. The hitter number contains soiiib iuteruMtiug. matter respect ing New SriWth Wains, incidental to u re-. View of Mr Just Fee Burton's book on this Colony, ffia Honor's labours appear ito hare excited inVirh attention at I101116 among those iiiierustecl in these mntturs. We feul anxious to see the Work ontire before we venture to oxpress uu opinion upon if. The little \Ve have seen, is written calmly, nnd frith judgment. Caution to ' Ilfiffa&tory; Suamon. — Twelve seamen belonging to. ' the convict ship Maitluud, named Clark. Gayton, Way, BrovVii, Stephens, Siins, Thomas, Chilton, Williams', Clements, Duvine, and Wilson, were on Saturday last brought before the second Police Magistrate for refusing to do tliL-ir duty on hoard the vessel while, iu harbour. The ship's articles were put in, iu evidence, and it appeared that no stipu lation was therein expressed -about the quantum of grog to be supplied to the ship's compniiy ; but a veibul agreement was made be'twuiin the captain and his crew, that the hands should lie supplied with one glass of spirits per diem, which was increased to two when the wenther was rough, and the drity consequently severe. Since tho vessel had been iu har boui, and when the crew had nothing to do, except keeping the ship clean, they struck work iu consequence of not having 'three glusseo of grog a day allowed t hum, and the twelve seamen aboveuamed refused on Thursday night to hoist up thn boats, and' on the following morning to wash decks, unless their demand.' in thin respect w'ere complied with. The Bench .sentenced them to be mulcted of four, days pay, for the benefit of the owners, being twice the num ber of duytf loss of services, which their neglect of duty had occasioned, together with'tliH costs attend, nit on bringing them before the Bench. They were then sent on board, the commander being apprised that he 'could bring them before the Bench again on'evefy distinct charge of disobe dience of cmWa/or neglect of duty. Sporting fyityHit/once — Tho Cumberland hounds luid a bVil'liant run on Friday last ; met at Rooty Hill, found at the bnck of Major Druid'', went uway at score in the direction for Richmond, scout breast hiyh, and the pack well' together. After running nbou't Jive miles ho Was turned by some niuii in the bush, went away to the' rifrht, crossed the open country about Rooty Hill towards Mr Crawford's, then down the creek n'enrly opposite -to Bungnrrabee, where ho cios'sod away over thn culti vation, 'whftru 'they viewed him snug ap pearing dead beat, thu hounds not having much speed to bunst of; however, they stuck to him, worked him through some thick brushus towards the gnti: into 'Linn garrabee, across the Westorn- rond into Terry's Bush, took 11 'turn towards Wall Grove, tried 'the thick brush there, but woulrt'ntdo; tho game pack were not'to be done, turned again to the right, for Deane's, viewed him again across 'the ^paddocks to Wall Grove where 'they killed him after a splendid run of un hour nntl half, with only'threo cliecks.-^Correspnfident. ivL'H) Zealanil.-z-'Vlin Journril cIb Havre, 'in an article on the French Colonization of parts of Now Zealand, 'recapitulates tho progress mudo by the English in purchas ing land, and in getting -unVtled in thn northern island of the group, and Says 'that Captain Latigloisv commander of a 1'reticli whaler, aware of thesu circuinstanccis while on that station, purchased ofthe natives, nt .his own risk, Banks' 1'entnsiiln., with uviow of ultimately rendering it 8«rvicoable to France. lie got. the Nnnto-Bordelais Co lonization Coinpuny formed on his retnrn to France with the subscribed ca'pltul of l.OOO.OOOf.^ and tneu applied to govern ment for nid. After tedious negocia'tions, it adds, nnd through several persons of in fluence and members of tho 'Cabinet, Cap tain Langlois at length obtained t ha assist ance he required. The store ship Mulie, of 500 tons, whosh nnmo wns changed into that ofthe Cnmto de Paris, was placed, as our readers nre a'wnru, at the disposal -of the expedition, to convey it to Nnw Zea land, nnd afterwards to 'remain employed in tho whnlo fishery. 'This vessel,' nays tho Journal do Havre, ' has n crow of forty sailors, rind is victualled for twelve months. To render the hardships of the first colonists Ibss severe, the government hns granted 50f. each to 1,700 of thcin.nnd grnnted arms and n supply of provisions for twelve months. Several privilege* are also conferred upon the new settlers, one of which is that all the produce of their industry shall bn admitted into France free of duty. All ships built there are to be deemed French, and entitled to all national rights. There is to ho a permanent naval station there for the ptotection of the co lony j but, in return for those concessions, tho state rusorvos to itself uno-third of Banks' Peninsula. It is under those cir cumstances that Cnptnin Langlois, with a certain number of emigrants, and furnished with ovory nouossary, has recently tnken his departure from Rodhdfort.'--^fihgilsh Paper, Miuoh 7, Colonial fjogl$laturea.-*tt was mnhtldneu* by tho Governor Iu Council on Tuesday, ns an extraordinary ftiot, lhat the Loglsla. tlvo Assembly of Now South Wales was the only Colonial Legislature constituted by Act of Parliament; all others being established by Royal Charter, only, It is an ill'Wlnd that blown nobody any good, is in procoHS of Illustration in tills ooloiiy, The war with China it Is hoped will swell the ptirBOB of a few speculators here, who attempt to dbautnlmite tho bo lioftlmt no moru ton Is to bu hint. But we 'liopft the noloiUitt* »ro birds much tt-6 old to bo caught with such chuff'. . A .\T««) J'laif {) !—T\ip, .T«8inpernn\i! Sniijfriintw ; , a dramn, descriptive of thn lilllcultios nnd encouragements incident to rempuranci! Sooletius arid gcnural tmn leriiucu lift'. By John Dunlon, Eti , \11thur of '« The Philosophy of Drinking Usage in Great Britain and Ireland.' — This is a drama apparently written to idvocato Tet'totalism, though' the want of Irumatie skill iu the author is so grunt that t almost seems intended to ridicule the jraellce. The plot of tlie piece turns Vpou a Scottish minister being secretly tddiuted tu drums, while hu is pnyini; his iddre«MHfl to thy daughter of a P'risMilniit . jf a Temperance Society. The wedding is contingent itridu hil-t elefttlon to n pari-.-h, vat succrtSs ileleuts itself; the lover gets inink inpublic at the election dinner, und uiitig discarded, blows his brains out; uurl lis iiitouded briile ,and fa'ther-iu-lnw emi jrnte to Ads'tralial Of dramatic effect :liuro is none, but there Is some renlity in 'he characters and ditilogu'e. The tipplers, However, are much more spirited ant' ltnusing than tho- temperance people, who ire maudlin.— Spectator. Black Massacre.-^ On Tuesday last, his Excellency the Governor prmlnred in council ' a whole, true, and full account' jf the massacre Of the tribe of aboriginal native blacks at tho Big River, for which the 'seven white men sullered about , a twelvenion'th since, which wns printed in Knglund by order ofthe I-lousu of Commons, from the 'particulars furnished by his Excellency s -l«opatch to the, Secretary' of State, upon that subject. Thn puhlii-ulio-n jf such acatch- puiiuy ]-amphleUu England, ive should thioky would not iinpress 'tliu |ieoplo 'tliere with a very flattering opinion i)f the moral condition of 'our European population, ortiind Very mlich to increase thu tide of virlhnhs emigration, which we have been accustomed to look to us thu duHidaraluin upon which the future pros perity and happiness of the colony must mainly depend. . ., . ?' ., ; Mr /ilarland.—Wa are happy to see that Mr Blaxlaud, whoso late severe and long protracted illness has prevented him From taking his suat in Council during the present session, b.as so far recovered in to bu able u-;uin to attend to his legislative [Intics. Ho took his sent in Council on Tuesday last, nrtd was 'congratulated by his Excellency and the other members on his improved looks ; although evidently thinner, ns might be expected. The ab sence of one independent member at the present time, when taxation without re presentation appears to be the order of the day, must be considered as a great public* calatnVty J we therefore hail', with sincere pleasure, the re'-appenrnucc of Mr Blaxlaud on the opposition side of a ques tion of such vital importance to the com munity at large. , . The Black Protectorate.— The public is aware that there is a bill before the council to prohibit the aboriginal natives from the usfe ' of fire-arms except under certain restrictions. This measure. hns been found nucetiiary ^0 prevent the lecurrenco of re peated sanguinary conflicts which have lately taken place nt Port Phillip, (the head quarters oi' Mr Robinson and thu other Protectors) between tho colonists and armed blacks. It, has been even reported that thu protectors tliem&elyes; have fur nished these ignorant savages with arms nnd ammunition, niicl taught them their des tructive use by tho way of leading thum on« step farther towards civilization'., Whether this be true or m-t,one fact is pretty certain, and upon which his lordship thu Bishop of Australia severely animadverted in cotinc.il on Tuesday, namely, that Mr Robinson has introduced* into the colony from FlimLcr's Island, ti number 'of tho hostile aborigines^ of Van Dieniun's Laud, whose atrocities in the year IS30 spread consternation through that Island, and cost tho government tile enormous sum of £30,000 to suppress them. His lordship Said he was on the committee which sut upon the subject, and tlruw lip the report iu which the conduct of Mr Robinson with riigard to conciliating the blacks was severely censured, indeed his views upon tho subject .appnamci 'to liis lordship to be altogether visionary and impracticable, anil ho considered Mr Robin son livery unfit person to, lmvu any munnge inent -in' tbu business, Wo may safely comrnund the -sagacity of his lordship, us subsuqueut eyonts havesnlTicienlly shown tho truth of hit prediction, undthe souud iioss of his juilginent, ?New Coinage. — It is reportnii-^-not at the Mint, biit in thu clubs — that a now Kohl courts to be struck in honour of the Queen's tnurrhige. It is to bo athirty shilling piece, to represent a sovereign -and a half — 'London Paper. The Mails. — Owing to 'the had stato of the roads 'yesterday morning, from the heavy rains which 'fell -on the 'preceding night, tliH south country minils did not ai rive until past tileven o'clock, instead of eight, tho -hour nt whiiih 'they ought to have arrived. The tiubltc rouds from Sydney, to Winllsor,' i-'enrith, anil Cump bell Town nru greatly out of -repair, anil in bad weather uro nearly impassable. Captain Devlin purchased, yostordny, by public auction, of Mr Snmnul Lyons, the barque Hopo, for £2,725* In consequence of tho very excellent hits she mndo in her two last trips from Valparaiso, it is re ported she will be laid on again for that ?port for a cargo of wheat. Mr Stiibbssold yesterday, 550 shnrcm in the Sydney Banking Company, from 39s 6.1 to 43s per share premium, £',i on each share paid op ; nnd 30 shares in the Union Assurance Company, at £5 per share premium, £5 per shiiro paid up. 1'iuim and GttyW Maukkib —Flour «tll| continues nt ilia high niten quoted in our l««t number, notnlthitiiuiling nlieut is declining in price. Coloiiinl wheat Ib puruliHscd »l tha SyJ. ney mill* nt from \it to 9t -id per biuhfil, auoord. Inn to qiiulity, mid Van Dirineii'n Lund ditto, from ion to 12a per ditto. 'ti\\* prloes of flour nre. per 100 pounds, for beit . flno, ;}'mi fur ?eaondii, from 30- tu 31s per. ditto | nnd for thirds, 'or rnllon flour, from 26n to 2H« per ditto. An Hllo'WHtiae of U per 1 00 pounds Ii mnde u)Uni nil omli pu'rohstei. Malizn is bought at 5n tud r«tHilfd ut (in por buOiel. Drsn Is fid pnr ditto, liny (ColonUl) £9 per ton t ditto (Derwent) £\l por ditto. litetd, the lo&f; of two pduuJiit 7d. ' ship News. Thn Aikgitstus Cininr spoke the bArtjuo Socrutes from London, bound to Latin* ceftton, in Buss' Straits, oil the 11th lust,, standing in for thn light. The Mary from tho Sniartn Fishery re ports speaking the Liuly UlnuUwood on Uia lOt it ilaiiunry, but did, not uscertnln thu quantity of oil thuy had obtained. Also, on the '30th Muv, tlio Carolltio, Williams, 13 months front Sydtuty, 50D barrels spttrm 1 on thn 7th .Mint, tllh IIoIvhUii, Clunlner, f3 uionlhs from thn UnttmlStateH,300 burrols snertn and 200 blnok ) mill the .TusnIu, yorguaiit,0 weeks from Sydney, 140 barrels sporm, Tho fnilus from Adolnlilu, roporth the 111 rival thorn nf th« I'ulrlU1, 91 unys from London, mut tho William Nlooll, also from Londnu, both with omluruntt^ Tim Gunmi wrts to nail for Sydnoy from Sbuth-Awtrallo on tho lOtk July, Thu Sydney wh.alur Puma, 12 months f.«oci fly(lnny, iliO barrels »pi»nif.'itrrivrtHl nt 'Port Stephens to refit on thn 10th instant. The cargo (if tl«n Wilmot. 'cmiyist^ of l,r)..rjfl5 buns rice; 10!) bales tobacco, nml 1,5)67 bunrlli-M rattiitiM. The Lnylou and tint Wfstbrook had ^tilled fin Singapore; tho Planter nnd the Woodbridgu weru both loudinn- for Sydney, uttd tho former wns to sail in 11 few days after the Wilmnt H. M. ship BlntidH, Woll«slny, and Pleiades, on their wuy to China, called off Anger Point in the beginning of June. 'i'hu Victoria, Suundrrs,. mnstor, Ieave3 this port fortheBiiy of Islands, with troops nnd government stores, on thn 1st August, aflisr which .she proceeds to Otnj^o to load with oil for life Bristol market. We believe she will he the first vessel 'that will load from tlicsH colonies for tho nbovu port. OwIiir to tliH Blroiig ciIh which prewniled the whtilrt of yesterday, the Vr»«,i'.U Kiyn'illBd r.ould not li'Ut U[i tlio harbour. Lute lust cvuning, luiwcvcc, wo iiVcertiiined thnt one of them wift Tl10TI1irtcr.il hound from Snuih Australia to Port I'hillip, but compelled by mlverse weuther to benr up fur Sydney 'j Captain StCrt Ims ccime u 'iinmennor in hert Another vvaa thu Colum bine, Iroiu tlit? Indian Ul««. COUNTRY NEWS Port Macquarie, JULY 16,— New Line of Road to New England, and Liverpool Plains, — We have much pleasure in laying before our readers the result of Mr Gray's recent visit to New England, for the pur- pose of inspecting the progress of the road now forming on Mr Ralfe's line. Mr Gray left Port Macquarie on Friday morning, the 10th instant at nine o'clock, and at half-past three pm, reached Borneo, where he remained until the following morning, when he proceeded to Yarrows, where he breakfasted. He again started at nine o'clock, and in four hours reached what is called the half-way house on the mountains. This he selected as his halting place for the night, and on Sunday alter four hours' easy riding, he arrived at Mr Hodson's station on the Table Land of New England. On Monday he returned to Yarrows, the distance betwixt which place and Mr Hodson's station he computes at thirty seven miles. Mr Ralfe reckons this dis- tance at thirty-five miles only. Mr Gray performed it in nine hours, and calculates his average rate of riding at about four miles an hour; thus the distance of this important part of the road may now be declared as finally settled. Mr Gray speaks in high terms of the progress of the work by the small party, who have cut the bridle road in an almost incredibly short space of time. Of the ultimate success of this im- portant undertaking Mr Gray, himself, never entertained a doubt, but even his most sanguine expectations have been sur- passed on his personal inspection of the route. He declares that in less than six months a small party of men will have formed an excellent dray-road, and thus the transmission of the wool from these immense plains for shipment at this port, is at length to be declared practicable. A large party of gentlemen from New En- gland met Mr Gray on the mountains, and expressed their surprise at the rapid pro- gress of the road. They were 0n their way to Port Macquarie for the purpose of engaging shepherds and procuring sup- plies. This arrival in the town was hailed as a promising advent, and the actual com- mencement of the trade of the port with these important wool districts may be dated from this period. We very cordially con- gratulate Mr Ralfe on the fortunate result of his patient and persevering efforts to discover an eligible, and suitable line. J\di/\1. — -Thu trade of this port has been rather dull Intel}', nor do we expect to see much biiskness in * it until the coasting com munication with Sydney is arranged on a more, punctual footing than it now is. We have had no arrivals since the Sth instant, when the Nancy brought letters and news p.itpehi «.f no later date t.liiiu the 2nd in Ktiiut. The only article in which there has been lut'g'u transactions is muize ; :iud the market being now very sensitive, many holders lira-content to rea'li2e a moderate price, whenever a favourable opportunity for doing so presents 'itself. The sellers preponderate over the buyers, and prices ii live fallen about 'twulve piir cent, since our last. Tlio general tone of the markets 'for'most articles of genural consumption is firmness without activity. Tlio large farms on the Wilson have all finished the.tr wheat sowiug.-und a succession of gentle rains ?having attended 'the semination, the crops appear in a healthy and delightful condi tion ; the tobacco-sowing season has not yet arrived. July 15 —Arrived from Syd ney, tho enhur William; July ID — Arrived from Sydney, 'the James Watt, stenmnr. Passengers — Captain Geary nnd family, John Dillon, Esq., nnd fifteen female pri soners. Tho stenniiir sails again this after noon. Extract o/H 'Litter frmA the Srioiby River Hated July 15. — I a in happy to stn'te that Wh have had uu abuudunctt 'of rain in this tiart 6V tho colony vvhich hns tended mate rially to iinprovo'our ground*. The settlers iip_ here are beginning to get more indus trious 'than formerly. Wo have now hun dreds of acies under cultivation, and I do nssnie you it is a very gratifying sight. We have no lack of lead up here for our ?sliuep and cnttle, tlio former are doing well ?throughout tha Manoroo country. Wheat 'can be procured up here for 12i 11 bushel, and it is to be hoped thnt we shall ndt need Tung to trouble thB Sydney millers for the bUtt1 of life. 