*.r« .' "*; Cfte Courter* THURSDAY ÏVENING. APRIL 30,1840. .«1 .» « ' BY the recent arrivals'of the Gilbert Hender- son at Hobart-town, and the Atlantic at Laun- ceston, we have received files of English papers to the 18th December. The chief topic dwelt upon in the various publications is the marriage of Queen Victoria with Prince Albert. Parliament assembled on the 12th December, pursuant to the prorogation, but there was not a single Peer or Member of the Commons pre- sent, except the three Lords Commissioners. Tile Commission having been read, the Lord Chancellor declared the Parliament prorogued until the 16th January. The usual proclamation appears in the London Gazette, commanding the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, to assemble on that day, for the " dispatch of divers and important business." In addition to this summons Lord John Russell has sent out his warning, that " business of the greatest importance to the interests of the country may be expected imme- diately on opening the Sessions," and he urges a punctual attendance on the " first day." It is expected that the Queen's speech will an- nounce the time of her marriage, and that on the second or third day there will be a message from the Crown requesting a suitable provision for the Prince in aid of the Civil List. It is stated by the Conservative party, that the policy of Ministers will be that of last Session. They will do nothing at the outset to bring about a trial of strength. The discussion -on the allowance of Prince Albert will of course occupy some time. The Ballot Question will again be made an open one ; and the policy of the Corn Laws is likely to be the leading ques- tion this Session. It has already been intimated to the Dissenters, that Government does not intend to originate any measure for the abolition of the Church Tates, nevertheless the question will be pressed into early debate. Trade ia almost all its branches continues in a depressed state, and the commercial world resounds with complaints of loss and embarrass- ments. The state of the money market is assigned as the cause. The operations of the Bank of England, undertaken with a view of securing a supply of the precious metals, forced private and joint-stock banks to limit the amount of accommodation to their customers, and thus increased the difficulties in the trad- ing world, by creating a want of confidence. The money crisis of the United States is also amongst the prominent causes of eommercial 'distress, whch appears to have been aggravated hy lorne incautious over-trading. The cotton trade is suffering under greater depression than any other, and the number of failures, parti- cularly of spinners, has been considerable. HER MAJESTY'S MARRIAGE. At the Court of Buckingham Palace, the 23d day of November, 1839, PRESENT. The Queen's Most Excellent Majesty in Council. Hit Royal Highness Duke of Cambridge Archbishop of Canterbury "Lord Chancellor Lord President Lord Privy Seal Duke of Norfolk Duke of Devonshire Duke of Alontroso Duke of Wellington Marquis of Salisbury Marquis of Anglesey Marquis of Normanby Lord Chamberlain 'Earl of Surrey Earl of Albemarle Earl of Jersey Earl of Erroll Earl of Tankerville Earl Minto Earl Howe Earl Amherst Earl of Durham Earl Ripon Viscount Castlereagh Lord J. Russell Viscount Strangford Viscount Palmerston Viscount Melbourne Viscount Beresford Viscount Ebrlngton Lord JJurghersh Bishop of London Lord Willoughby de Eresby Lord Brougham Lord Denman Lord Abinger Lord Ashburton Lord Hathcrton Lord Langdale Lord Monteagle The Speaker Hon. T. P Courtenay Hon. Henry Pierrepont Sir Robert Peel, Bart. Sir Gore Ouseley, Bart. Henry Goulburn Lord Chief Justice Tindal Sir William Alexander Sir George Cockburn Sir Stephen Lushington Mr. Herries Mr Vice Chancellor Sir George Murray Sir Henry Hardinge Sir Robert Adair Sir Brook Taylor Hon. Thomas Erskine Sir Edward Hyde East, Bart. Sir John Cam Hobhouse, Bart. Mr. Tennyson D'Eyncourt Mr. Edward Ellie« Mr. Baron Parke Sir Alexander Johnston Mr. Justice Bosanquet Sir Edward Knatchbull, Bart, Mr. Planta Mr. William Peel M*. Labouchere Hon. George S. Byng Dr. Lushington Sir George Grey, Bart. Mr. Chancellor of the Ex- chequer iqi Mr. Macauley Lord Holland I#o*d Ellenborough Lord Hill Lord Bexley Lord Bloomfield JLord Wharncliffo Lord Lyndhurst I.brd Cowley Lord Wynford Her Majesty, being this day present in council, was pleased to make the following declaration, vi*. * I harm caused you to be summoned, at the present time, in enter that I may acquaint you with my resolution in a matter wkkhdetply concerns the welfare of my people, and the happi mess of my future life. " It is my intention to ally myself in marriage with the Prince Albert, of Saxe Coburg and Gotha. " Deeply impressed with t/ie solemnity of the engagement which lam about to contract, I have not come to this decision without mature consideration, nor without feeling a strong assurance, that, with the blessing of Almighty God, it will at ones secure my domestic felicity, and serve the interests of my eountry. " ¡have thought fit to make this resolution known to you at ?the earliest period, in order that you may be fully apprised of a matter so highly important to my kingdom, and which, 1 per- suade myself, will be most acceptable to all my loving subjects." The proceedings excited unusual interest, from its being generally understood, that an announce» tuent of Her Majesty's intended marriage with Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg would be made to the council ; and, as early as twelve o'clock, a large concourse of persons had assembled in front of the palace, and, at two o'clock, the num- ber had increased to several thousands: there was a very large sprinkling of foreigners among the crowd« Her !*...> ¿sty looked in excellent health, and delivered the address with great composure. The council broke up shortly before three o'clock ; and, on leaving the palace, her Majes- ty'« ministers and other leading political charac ' tera were received with the usual popular marks ' of applause and disapprobation. , ,-Her Majesty and Her attendants, escorted by «.party of lancers, left Buckingham Palace for Windsor, and she was greeted on her route to- wards Hyde Park with loud and general cheering by _ the assembled multitude. Her Majesty wore a brilliant bracelet at the privy cosacil, on which was the portrait of Prince Albert. The Marquis of Lansdowne addressed ~« very complimentary «peech to her when she had concluded hers,< saying, * that be was persuaded < that the tows of her approaching nuptials would diffuse universal joy throughout the realm, and j that be (begged her gracious permission to make " iib« new« publie.' The Queen bowed gracefully, .. aid handed hhn ber «peech. ..-" Her Majesty** privy council consists of upwards of WO, and is'composed of noble«, statesmen, judges, civilians, Sec. ; and although it may appear strange that a young lady should announce to some 200 gentlemen at once that she is going forthwith to enter into the holy state of matri- mony, yet it will be found that Her Majesty has followed as nearly as may be the precedent of the reign of George III. The announcement of a Royal marriage has induced certain high contracting parties-Peers of the realm, belles of noble paternity, and dowagers of distinguished note, to piocktim their intentions to unite hand and heart at the same time and shrine with her youthful Majesty. Lord Dinorben is, we hear, to espouse Miss Smith, the lovely sister of the Princess of Capua ; his Lordship will, it is said, settle £5,000 per annum on his bride as a marriage portion. The Lord Viscount Ebrington is shortly to be allied to the amiable and highly accomplished Lady Dover. Lord Palmerston is also to lead to the hymeneal altar the Dowager Countess Cowper, sister to Lord Viscount Melbourne. The Noble Lady has a jointure of £5,000 per annum ; this /on¿r-ant¡cipated event was to have taken place last Tuesday, but it is deferred to the 21st. The Countess Cowper has obtained her Majesty's permission to merge her superior title in that of the Viscount her future husband. The Hon. Richard Watson, brother to Lord Sondes, has solicited and obtained the promise of the fair hand of Miss Quin, daughter to Lord George Quin, and niece of the Marquis of Headfort and Earl Spencer. The Marquis of Douglas, it is said, will be united to the beautiful Miss Stuart, the youngest daughter of Lady Stuart de Roth- say, and co-heiress with Viscountess Canning. The Hon. Mr. Maynard will be allied in the spring to the lion. Miss Murray, daughter of the late Lord Glenlyon, and niece to the Dukes of Northumberland" and Athol. As a proof of her Majesty's early attachment to her intended consort, the Duchess of Nor- thumberland, the Queen's preceptress, is said to haye remarked that, when children together, the princess could never be prevailed upon to attend to her studies while the young prince, her cousin, was in the room. Lady Mary Howard, daughter of the Earl of Surrey, is to officiate as one of the bridesmaids to her Majesty, in addition to those ladies who attend as maids of Honour at the Coronation. The health of Prince Albert, as the future partner of the Queen, was given at the annual festival of the Scottish Hospital on Saturday, (St. Andrew's Day,) and drunk for the first time at a public meeting in the metropolis. Her Majesty sits daily to Mr. Ross for a miniature, to be worn within the watch-case of Prince Albert. There is a good deal of misconception on th part of the unlearned public as to the particular position of his Serene Highness as consort of the Queen regnant of England. There is a very curious anomaly in this respect in comparing the positions of a Queen-consort, and the Queen's consort. The Queen-consort is the first subject of the King. The Queen's consort has no rank whatever as such. The Queen consort has by common law many high immunities and valuable v privileges. The Queen's consort has none. Whatever rank and privilege the Queen's consort may attain must be from the grace and favour of his illustrious consort, and it may naturally be supposed that such marks of her Majesty's affec- tion will be neither few nor unimportant. His Serene Highness will in the first place have the title of Royal Highness conferred upon him. This will give him rank in all state ceremonials immediately after his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, but confer no political power or rank, and it is not likely that his Serene High- ness will be created a Peer of Parliament. The Prince's real position will be that of a Prince of the blood, before created a Peer of Parliament, as the late Duke of York, whose title was pre- viously Bishop of Osnaburg, and King William the Fourth, who was only Prince William Henry. The Prince will successively be created a Knight of the Garter, a General and Field-Marshal in the Army, and, after his appointment to military rank, a Knight Commander of the Bath.-Court Journal. The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed under the Great Seal, grant- ing the dignity of a Baron of the United King, dom of Great Britain and Ireland unto Lieuten- ant-General Sir John Colborne, G.C.B., and the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten, by the name, style, and title of Baron Seaton, of Seaton, in the county of Devon. A special commission was opened at Mon - mouth on Tuesday, the 10th December, for the trial of Frost and his confederates concerned in the late riots at Newport. The Commissioners appointed are Chief Justice Tindal, Mr. Baron Parke, and Mr. Justice Williams. The grand jury found true bills against John Frost, Charles Waters, Charles Lovell, Richard Ben- field, John Rees, George Turner, Zephaniah Williams, Edmund Edmunds, Jenkin Morgan, Solomon Britton, William Jones, and James Aust, for high treason. The court was ad- journed until the 31st December. Lord Auckland is to be created Earl of Auck- land and Baron Eden. Sir John Keene is to be elevated to the Peerage, by the title of Baron Keene of Cappoquin. Mr. M'Naghten is to be made a Baronet ; and Colonel Pottinger is also to be made a Baronet.-Morning Chronicle. Sir Thomas Phillips, the late Mayor of New- port, was presented to the Queen by the Marquis of Normanby, on Monday, at Windsor Castle, and received the honour of knighthood from her Majesty.-Leeds Intelligencer, Dec. 14. Death of the Bishop of Lichfield and Co- ventry.-We regret to announce the death of the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry. This event, which has been for some time anticipated from the evident breaking-up of the Right Rev. Prelate's constitution, will occasion deep and ex- tensive regret. His lordship expired yesterday at the Episcopal Palace, Lichfield.-Globe, De- cember 5. New Zealand.-The Commercial Chambers of the principal ports of France are successively addressing the government upon the expediency of immediately taking possession of and colo- nising a part of the coast of New Zealand. The last address is from the Commercial Chamber of Dunkirk -Ibid. The death of the King of Denmark took place on the 3d December, at Copenhagen. The Crown Prince, the late King's cousin, was imme- diately proclaimed his successor. The Ottoman Government has prohibited the exportation of wheat, and of every sort of grain, from every port dependent on the empire. The Duke of Wellington had been slightly indisposed, an event which had been highly ex- aggerated in some of the London papers, The wonder certainly is that the Duke at 70 years of age continues to enjoy such uninterrupted good health. Mr. Sergeant Wilde is appointed Solicitor* General. ? ?? inn .^«nii.r?.????! I-«M¡^ [?!?!?? The trade of Ashburton is much depressed at present; a large number of hands, both weavers' and wool-combers, are out of employ. Owing to the flatness of trade, between 2,000 and 3,000 weavers and wool-combers have been thrown out of employ in Ashburton, Buckfastleigh, and the district.- Western Times. In the London market, wool and silk remain unaltered in value, and the demand is very lan- guid, especially for the middling kinds of wool. Ibid. An extensive failure in the wool trade was announced yesterday, caused by losses in Leeds and other parts ; the liabilities of the parties are estimated at £100,000.-Globe, Dec. l8. Consols 92 to 92j for the account ; reduced 3 per cents 90.1 to 90g ; exchequer bills 4s'. to 2s. dis.-Dec."l8. The London Gazette of Tuesday, November 26th, contained a list of twenty-three bankrupt- cies, the greatest number which has appeared on one day for some time past. There have been some heavy commercial failures at Venice. It is stated that Government intend to intro- duce their project regarding the establishment of rail-roads in Ireland soon after the assembly of Parliament. In the latter end of November very heavy raius fell generally throughout the country, and many of the low lands were flooded to a serious extent. An expedition under the orders of Captain Trotter, R.N., in which three iron steamers are to be engaged, is, we understand, about to be fitted out, to proceed up the Niger. The pre- cise object of this expedition we have not learnt, but we presume it is to explore further. Captain Trotter had an interview with the Colonial Secretary on Thursday.-Globe, December l8. An English company is forming under the immediate sanction of Mehemet Ali, to navi- gate the Nile regularly by steam-boats between Cairo and the mouth of the Alexandrian Canal. A numerous meeting of noblemen and gen- tlemen resident in the county and town of Cambridge, and members of the university, was held in the Town-hall, for the purpose of taking into consideration the most efficient measures to be adopted for " extending and improving the education of the people in the principles of the Established Church of England," the Lord Bishop of Ely in the chair.-Atlas, Dec. 6. Steel may be made three hundred times dearer than standard gold, weight for weight. Six steel pendulums, weight one grain, cost 7s. Gd each £2 5s. ; one grain of gold only 2d.-Leeds Intel- ligencer, Dec. 14. A facetious clergyman at Windsor, the Rev W. Hempson, on Sunday week preached a sermon on the intended marriage of the Queen, meaning to be highly complimentary to her Majesty and Court. Unfortunately, he took his text from the Gospel of the day : " Here is a lad, who has five barley loaves and a few small fishes," and thereby gave Royal offence, and has been reprimanded accordingly. The project of a war on the part of France against the Emperor of Morocco appears to en- gage the almost exclusive attention of the French at the present moment. The French journalists are unanimous in their requisition for war, ergo, war, as a French manufacturer of highly embellished Prayer-books once observed to us, in reference to " religion," " is all the mode in Paris at the present moment." The conquest of an empire of 47,000 square leagues in extent, and the chastisement of :t few tribes, with a force of 40,000 men, are very different affairs, as the French may find to their cost. Our Paris correspondent has detailed the ob- stacles which present themselves to the success of such an enterprise. In what all these « ' guns, trumpets, blunderbusses, drums,., and thunder," will end, it is difficult to predict. They cer- tainly are not calculated to augment, in any important degree, the military glory of " la grande nation !" The highly-important intelligence has been received in London that the Shah of Persia has yielded all the demands of the British Govern- ment, that ample reparation has been offered for the insults offered to our Ambassador, and that every cause of quarrel being thus happily re- moved, the diplomatic relations between England and Persia are about to be resumed in a spirit more amicable than before. The Shah, in proof of his sincerity, has offered to conclude a commercial treaty with Great Britain on the terms previously proposed by the Government of this country. This is another of the results of Lord Auckland's wise administration in the East-another triumph over Russia in Central Asia.-Sun, Nov. 22. Lord John Russell has issued the following circular to the Ministerial Members of Parlia- ment " The meeting of Parlinment being fixed for Thursday, the 16th of January, I take the liberty of requesting your attendance in the House of Commons on that day, and of apprising you that business of the greatest importance to the interests of the country may be expected immediately on the opening of the session. "J. RUSSELL." An early copy of the United Service Gazette of this day enables us to extract from its co- lumns the following speculations on the proba- ble nature of the Brevet to which Her Majesty's marriage will give rise : " We have reason to believe that the Queen's approaching nuptials will give rise to a brevet, mo- delled after the plan of the coronation one of the 28th of June, 1838, which, following its precursor of the 10th of January, 1837, in such rapid succession, was, as every one expected it to be, somewhat of the shortest of its kind. If our present conjectures re- specting the anticipated brevet turn out to be correct, its limited extent will of course date its origin from the same cause as the one just enumerated. But although the brevet of 1839 may be no stronger in numbers than its immediate forerunuer, it will be vastly more fertile in the creation of vacancies upon the home and foreign stafT, as well as in command of regiments, and will place a great deal more patronage at the General Commanding in Chief's disposal. " The command of the western district of Great Britain, of the troops iu New South Wales, Ceylon, St. Helena, Scotland. Guernsey, the northern, eastern, western, south western, and southern districts of Ireland, together with the appointments of Deputy Adjutant- General at Head-quarters, of Inspecting General of Cavalry, of Commandant at Chatham, of Inspecting Field-officer of the London Recruiting District, of Deputy Adjutant-General in Ireland, of Assistant Adjutant-General at Cork, of Assistant Quartermaster-General at Armagh, and of Military Superintendent of the Gentlemen Cadets at Chatham, as well as the command of the 18th, 47lh, and 52d Regiments, will all be affected by the brevet, which, by promoting the general and other officers now em- ployed in those several capacities, will render them ineligible to retain their respective posts. In addition to these removals, Major Generals Sir John Forster Fitzgerald, Sir Willoughby Cotton, Sir James Mac donell, and Clitherow, will be recalled from Bengal, Bombay, and Canada. Au exception may po3*ihly be made in favour of the general oilicers at New South Wales, St. Helena, and Ceylon, hy permitting .Sir Maurice O'connell and Sir Robert Arbuthnot to remain on the stall' there, with the pay and allowances of major generals, after their attainment to the next progressive rank in the service, and by continuing Major-Genernl Middlemore at St. Helena as hereto- fore, without staff pay, to which, as Civil Liculenunt Govcrnor of the place, he is not entitled. Such arrangements are some times sanctioned, and may perhaps be authorised in the prospective cases of the officers in question, the two former of whom possess a special claim to indulgence, from the circumstance of their appointments being of very recent date. " But should the brevet be upon u more extended scale; should it, for example, include all the full colonels of the year 1840, it will then be productive of many other important changes, independently of those which we have described. The command of the Grenadier, and of the Coldstream Guards, of the 6th, 9th, and 37th Regiments of Foot, of the Hoy al Artillery in the northern district of England, or the Royal Engineers at Portsmouth, Malta, and Gibral- tar, the appointments of Commandant at the Cavalry Depot, of Deputy Quartermaster- General at Dublin, of six paid, and six honorary Aides-de-Cnmp to the QUEEN,* und a host of regimental and several minor staff vacancies, will have to be filled up to the com- parative disadvantage of the retiring parties, and to the benefit of those who succeed them." Rumours are rife in town that an immediate disso- lution is at hand, and that the present Parliament will never meet again for the despatch of business. We have heard this statement in several quarters, and the Tories are going about repeating it with most myste- rious faces. Wc do not believe that anything of the sort has been determined; nor do we think that there is any further foundation for the report than the conclusions which some persons draw from certain well-known facts, That a dissolution cannot be delayed beyond next session we all know ; that it will in all probability occur in the early part of the session, has long been foreseen ; that it will occur immediately, can only be deduced from the facts, that ministers would very na- turally wish to sure their friends the expense of elec- tion contests, which must be renewed in a very few months, and that they would also wish to avoid the danger of finding themselves in u minority, while de- prived of many of their votes, during the absence of some of their best men, who, for at least a fortnight after Parliament meets, must be in the country for their re-election. These considerations make the rumours wc allude to by no means improbable, but we do not believe that any such step has yet been determined upon. Atlas, December 7. Court Anecdote: Royal Courtships.-As we hear, our young uud gracious Queen has, from her lofty sta- tion in the world, been of late rather curiously cm barrased for a lady under her peculiar circumstances. It became necessary for her to indicate her preference for Prince Albert sufficiently to make bim acquainted with the royal partiality, and so put affairs in train for the arrangements which we now officially know are in progrebS. This was a delicate task, but the Queen acquitted herself of it willi equal delicacy and tact. At one of the palace balls she took occasion to present Prince Albert with her bouquet, and the hint was not lost on the gallant German. His close uni., form, buttoned up to the throat, did not admit of his placing the Persian-like gift where it would be most honoured ; and he immediately drew his penknife and ript a slit in his dress nearest his heart, where he gracefully deposited the happy omen ! Again, to an- nounce the projected union to the Privy Council was au easy duty to that of intimating it to the principal party concerned ; and we understand that here also our Sovereign lady displayed unusual presence of mind and female ingenuity. TheTrince was express- ing the grateful sense he entertained of his reception in England, and the delight he had experienced from the kind attentions shown ta him during his stay, when the Queen naturally put the question upon which their future fate so much depended-" H your highness is pleased with the country, would you wish to remain in it ?" Who can doubt the reply 1 And thus it is, according to the accounts which descend from the perfumed atmosphere of royalty, even to the lowly haunts of literature, that reigning Queens are wooed and wedded ! I-Literary Gazette, France.-The alarm spread at the Bourse relative to the English expedition ugainst New Zealand is, in some measure, dissipated, by the assurance that the I French ministry wus determined to support the in- dependence of the colony, and was about to defend the emigrants established there. A consul had been appointed to guard French interests. The late Sir Henry Trollope.-This gallant officer (whose distressing suicide it has been our painful duty to record) was descended from an ancient and distinguished baronet's family In Lincolnshire. He was made a post-captain on the 4th of June, 1781. In July, 1796, when in command of the " Glutton," of fifty-four guns, he sailed from Yarmouth-roads to join the North Sea fleet off the Texel. He discovered on the 15th, near Helvoet, a French squadrou, con- sisting of six large frigates, a brig, and a cutter, mounting altogether 200 guns. Not intimidated, however, by their vast superiority, Captain Trollope instantly bore down and commenced a furious attack, surrounded by the enemy, and so near that her yard arms were nearly touching those of her antagonist. In twenty minutes, from the heavy fire of her carro nades (so peculiarly adapted for close action,) the enemy were compelled to sheer off, the " Glutton" being unable to follow from the disabled state of her masts and rigging, though she had only two wounded -viz., Captain Strangeways and a corporal of the marines. The merchants of London presented Captain Trollope with a piece of plate, value one hundred guineas, for this dariug exploit. He was soon after- wards appointed to the " Russell," seventy-four guns, still attached to the North Sea fleet, under Admiral Duncan, and was entrusted with the important duty of watching the Dutch fleet in the Texcl, and, on the 10th of October, 1797, finding the enemy had put to sea, lie immediately despatched a laconic letter to Admiral Duncan, stating the fact, and that " when he saw the ' Russell' he would also see the Dutch fleet." Of his services on this occasion, and in the memorable battle of Camperdown, which was fought on the 11th, the admiral, in his despatches, thus expresses himself -" Captain Trollope's exertions and active good conduct in keeping sight of the enemy's fleet until I came up have been truly meritorious, and I trust will meet their just reward." For the able manner in which he acquitted himself of this duly, as well as in the victory which followed, he was created a knight banneret. On the 30th of October, when His Majesty George III. sailed from Greenwich to view the North Sea fleet and the prizes at the Nore, Captain Trollope had the honour of steering the royal yacht. At the time of his decease be was Admiral of the Red and C.C.B. The Monument.-The monument, which has been closed since the last melancholy suicide, was, by order of the City Lands' Committee, again thrown open to the public on Tuesday morning. Two men arc in future to be placed opposite the door at the top I of the stuircase, whose duty it will be to keep watch I upon the visitors. One man will remain from eight | till twelve, nnd the other from that hour till four o'clock.-Atlas, Nov. 9. The Photolypon.-This new name describes a new article, so simple as to excit« surprise that it should be a novelty. Notwithstanding the sonorous word, the thing it expresses is a little article of neatness and utility. It is a brief tube of tiu, or brass, or other metal, closed at one end by spring valves; when fitted on a candle, these valves or clamps keep it in position till the light burns below the allotted level, when the clamps close, of their own action, over the flame; so that the photolypon is nothing but a self-acting extinguisher. Place it on your candle, whether you are nursing yourself or another, whether watching shadows or rending in bed; the light will burn as long us you allow it, but at the appointed moment, the photolypon, obedient to your will, whether you sleep or wake, extinguishes the flame, and that without the possibility of danger, and to the avoiding of that most inodorous of all olfactory annoyances-the scent of tallow In the agonies of a tciefc-ed death.-Ibid. Preserves par-Excefknce_Twelve tin packets of preserved French beans, in a wooden box, have been brought up from the Royal George, stamped " Con- serve Artichena de Catrou, Marseilles." Neither vinegar nor pickle hud been used ; they had heeu boiled and placed in air-tight vessels, and were as fresh and fit for use as when first enclosed. They have been fifty-seven years under water. Literal translation, from the German, of a joiner's bill, for repairs in a church in Bohemia : s. d. For solidly repairing St. Joseph .0 4 For cleaning uwloniavnetiling the Holy Ghost O 6 For repairing the Virgin Mary before and behind, and making her a new child. 5 0 For turning a nose for the Devil, putting a horn on his head, and glueing a piece to his tail ... 4 6 Total.10 4 * The srx FIRST A ides-de-Camp to the Queen receive pay and allowances amounting to about ¿'210 per annum each-the remaining number ore honorary appointments only. When IhieveB, Sec, are committed to gaol, their hair is cropped close ; it came out yesterday, at Bow street, that these gentry describe the crop to each other as flip effect of « the fever." A Desperate Fellow.-A rogue at the west has stolen a lot of uewspaper accounts.-Post. P. [The rascal deserves no mercy-he should be sentenced to collect them.]-Toronto Examiner. Important-if True.-A provincial paper in 1824 stated that the grains of wheat were so large that year that they choked the little birds that attempted to swallow them I-.Morning Herald. FASHIONS FOR DECEMBER. CLandon and Paris Ladies' Magazine of Fashion.) elvets, satins, and various materials brochés, are worn, and for full dress the Eglinton velvet raye pearl grey ; for dinner, the same material, black on an orange ground ; also violet reps, with broad satin stripes, pluid and plain satins. Cotton velvets are also worn in Paris. lu mousselines de laine those embroidered with silk on plain ground are the newest. Manteaux are no longer confined to the useful and comfortable, but many very elegant ones arc made ; none more so than the cloak of dark satin, lined with pink or lilac, confined at the waist by a cordelière and tassels reaching to the feet ; and a cord is placed about an inch from the edge, all round the cloak, sleeves, and collar. Bournous of various forms are made, from the Arabian to the more elegant French bournous. Paletots, velvet shawls, &c.; Sec, are all fashionable. Velvet is much in favour for bonnets ; the colours most approved in that material are pale pink, Sevre blue, red currant, green, scabieuse, peony, terre d'Afrique, a pale euru colour, pearl grey, lapiss blue. Noeuds, cordes, brides, all of velvet: ribbons are used only on satin bonnets. In velours épingle, Mue Louise and coffee colour are the favourite shades, the feathers generally matching. Fur is in high favour, and will no longer be con- fined to the boa, palatine, muff, witchouras, &c;, it will also be much used on dresses, shawls, fichus, to which it gives much richness. Guipure lace con- tinues in favour. 