• THERE are many proceedings which, if adopted by ordinary persons, would be considered at least strange, but which, in others, are known to originate solely in a peculiar bent or turn ot' mind or disposition \- The excursions of Lady Franklin are of this latter description, originating in an anxiety to witness, perhaps in order to publicly comment on, the condition and circumstances of every country which is within reasonable means ot access. Such was that lady's adventurous journey across the wilds of New South W ales, and such will be tlie excursion which we have no doubt she will make into the .desert of South Australia. The desire of " travel ling" partakes in some dispositions of some degree of mania, at least it enters so decidedly into the mind, as lo be subdued only by its gratification. But, is Mr Gell, the expensive dead-weight of the " College," (so called because there neither is, nor is there any probability of there being any) also under this invincible influence ? or is the assertion of a contemporary accurate, that he is in attendance on Lady Franklin as her u Private Secretary ?" If so, is the Colony taxed with the annual payment of FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS (passing by the one thousand pounds el cetera) for this purpose ? Never was so barefaced a job from beginning to end, as this miserable " Gell College affair." Sir George Arthur, as he has proved by bis straightforward course as to the Bishop of Toronto mentioned in our last, would not, "for his right hand" have lent himself to anything like so unjustifiable an expenditure of the public money, as the granting to Mr. Gell one shilling of the public money until he publicly earned it. WE wonld willingly insert the communication from our Bothwell Correspondent as to the lamentable affair of Mr. Brodribb's shepherds, but that we consider the excitation of the moment to have induced him to a tone of writing, which on calm and cool reflection, fas in all other cases of giving way to the excitement of the occasion, writing under the impressions of the instant, rather than to allow them to subside, and sober judgment to take their place,) we are convinced the writer will, in every consideration, be the first to regret. The Colony has enemies enough abroad, whose misrepresentations and calumnies have been so unspeakably injurious to its best interests, without furnishing thim with the means of effecting further injuries. It is thus that we cannot but express our surprise, that a Contemporary should have headed his account of this, certainly much to be regretted occurrence, with such an alarming head as " Bushranging ! Robbery i Murder J" What may not the Molesworth, Whately, and Wakefield people make of this? It is our duty—it is that of the whole Press, interested in the interests of the Colony, to furnish some antidote to this most alarming introduction. The circumstance of three runaways, three in the whole Colony, is taken advantage of, to put forth a statement which could not be more inflated were we in the situation in which is New South Wales, with large bodies of armed marauders in the field. The running away from their work, of three miserable men, is called " Bushranging " and iheir compelling a stock-man " to make tea" for them, is magnified into a statement of plundering, as alaiming, as if the whole Island was at the mercy of a banditti host; and the calamitous death of the two shepherds—we readily admit the calamity, and we deeply de- plore it, gives occasion for a fearful announcement of murder / expressed in a manner quite sufficient to give occasion to the enemies of the Colony to state that the people of Van Diemen' s Land cannot sleep with safety in their beds! What is the fact ? It is quite true, thot three runaways have evaded the activity of the police for a few days, and that they have, as must be expected, forcibly possessed themselves of some small articles of food, and it would seem, but it is by no means certain, that the calamitous loss of two lives has been the consequence. But what is the general condition of the Colony f Is life or property so secure—we repeat it, so SECURE, in any part of the world, as in VanDiemen's Land ? In this large overgrown town, with a population constituted of materials such as it is, is robbery ever heard of, except of the most pitiful, pilfering, food-hunting description ? Is it not an established fact, that the inhabitant.?, speaking generally, do not consider even ordinary fastenings to their doors to be uiattter of ordinary necessary precaution ? It is quite true that the hateful—the worse than useless punishment of the sanguinary lash has been recently again had recourse to—and that the consequence assuredly will be, that if that dreadful system of unfeeling brutality is persisted in, a class of reckless offenders, now happily unknown, will be driven by desperation and their bleeding backs, into the commission of offences from which ordinary judgment, passing humanity altogether aside, would effectually render the Island free—it is quite true, we admit, and every true friend of the Colony deeply deplores it, that the horrid system of sanguinary punishment, which it was hoped Sir John Franklin, acting upon, not only his own established reputation, but the general voice of mankind, has proscribed, has again recently raised its gory head, and that the results which it has been found ever to produce, may be of course expected to follow; but is it not equally true, that crime, in the serious meaning of that word, is at the presentalmoBt unknown throughout the whole Colony ? On the very contrary we assert, without fear of refutation, that, in no other part of the world, is life and property so SECURE, in every sense of the word, against robbery of every sort, as in Van Diemen's Land! In no part of the world, with the same numbers, is there so little real crime, and when all circumstances are considered, surely this undeniable fact is equallv creditable to the general disposition of the class of people who are usually found the violators of the law, and to the police by which the public security is preserved and protected. WE have received, during the last week, more than one communication on the subject of the stoppage of the supply of water furnished by the aquseduct, «hereby the pumps have been rendered useless—the inhabitants compelled to fetch it from that sink of filth, the town ditch-—and the shipping unable to procure any at all, the conduit from which they have been usually supplied, having been with all other supplies, stopped. We understand this is caused by Mr. Degraves applying the water (or so much of it as to cause the above effects) to the purposes of his own extensive establishment. The question we apprehend is in a nut-shell. If the Government has been improvident enough to nive that gentleman a right to cutoff the supply of water to the town, not a moment should be lost, in recovering that supply by purchase of the " vested interest" at any price. If, on the other hand, Mr. Degraves has not the right he exercises, we are convinced he is too good a citizen not himself to acknowledge that not a moment should be lost in adopting the most decisive measures to restore to the people from whom it never should have been abstracted, the absolute right to, and controul over, one of the first necessaries of life. OBJECTIONABLE as is the new Road Act in numerous instances, there is one so outrageously illegal, that it would seem to be impossible that any Governor of any Colony could direct any mockery of a legislature to pass it into a law. It is the 55th section, which commences as follows:— " It shall not be lawful for any person or persons to erect, or cause to be erected, OR TO CONTINUE AFTER THE PASSING OF THIS ACT IF ERECTED, within fifty yards of the main or any cross road, any windmill or steam engine, unless such.windmill or steam engine shall be within some house t or other building or behind some nail or fence sufficient to screen the same from the public road." Now, the bare idea o£ a windmill in a house, or behind a screen, is so exquisitely ridiculous, that but for the monstrous oppression which it would work as respects those which have been for many years erected, and at work, in many instances at the expense of many thousands of pounds, it would only excite merriment. Far different indeed are the emotions with which the proprietors of properties, such as we have referred to, cannot but view it. The Distillation Prohibition Bill deprived Englishmen here of one lawful trade, the Road Act is now about to deprive them of another, and not toy an open, plain, manly, and avowed proceeding, but by a side wind, covertly under the pretence of legislating for the " laying out roads." If properties, which, as we have said, have cost the pro prietors many thousands of pounds, are to be thus summarily rendered valueless, not only in common justice, must not"compensation''' {that word which is now in such constant use) be made to the proprietors for the destruction of their property, but also for the destruction of their trade? Will another «' Issue Bill" be introduced by way of smothering both, and ruining another description of tradesmen? "it is a far cry to Lochow," said the Macgregor's to the Campbells, in the olden time. It is a fearful condition, that of this Colony, distant as it is from the parent laud, the semi-circumference of the whole globe. Judge Stephen wrote upon the margin of one of the Colonial Laws, that " it mat fitting only for Turkey or Persia?' What would he not write upon some of this " Acts" which characterise the present "Government?" „ , WE understand from good authority, thai a great sensation has been created amongst the East India mercantile mien, in consequence of the avowal by Lord Palmerston to a Committee who waited on him on the 13ill August, that in all probability, if the compensation of Three Millions .claimed to be demanded by the "expedition" from China, "for the " opium smugglers," was acceded to, (and if it was not, that it would - be obtained by force) that the Chinese Go jfe vernment would repay itself by imposing^ additional duties on Chinese produce, Tea in particular. The Committee told Lord Palmerston that if so, and the present duty of 100 per cent upon tea was continued, the trade would be inevitably destroyed, and both merchant and revenue ruined. Lord Palmerston is said to have replied, that as respects revenue, he had no apprehension. Tea was become so perfect a " necessary," that it would be consumed even if at double the present price. If this is the case, after all the boastings of" humbling Chinese insolence," it will be John Bull who will have to pay for it. The Chinaman will neither be humbled nor injured. , WE noticed recently a little book published by an English Roman Catholic Bishop, and re-published here, in which the assertions contained in the Catholic Petition lately presented to the Legislative Council by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General Therry, are fully borne out and justified. From that little book we make the following extract. Every reader can judge for himself, of the validity of the argument, but certainly while such are the principles held to be inviolable by the Catholic ministry, Mr. Therry was justified in asserting them. How far his so doing was necessary to the occasion, or calculated to advance the object he had in view, is quite another ques. tion, of which we have already ventured an opinion:— Question.—Are Roman Catholies taught to believe or assert, that all those of: other religions will be damned. ^ > - . Answer—No ! most assuredly they are tot. If ignorance embittered by resentment, has ever given utterance to similar expressions, these are not the language of Roman Catholics as such; which is manifest from their being taught to belive, that God alone knows who shall be his by faith and good works, that many are not now the people of God who shall one day be numbered in his inheritance, that many shall come from the East,, and from the West, and shall sit down with Abraham arid Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven; while the children of the kingdom shall be ex' eluded. Moreover, final perseverance is a most profound secret, absolutely, impervious to mortals, it is pent up in the bosom of the Deity. No man without a special revelation, can ascertain what passes at the moment of death, between the dying Christian and his God. It is ours earnestly to desire eternal happiness for every fellow creature to work our own salvation with fear and trembling, not to be high minded—nor to judge others, that we ourselves be judged; but to hope humbly for all in the infinite mercies of God through, Jesus Christ. Question—But is it not very uncharitable in Roman Catholics, to. abjure all manner of communication in religious exercises with those of other religion ? Answer..—This abjuration or refusal so far from being uncharitable, is in their mind inforced by the truest charity. Convinced as Roman Catholics are, and firmly persuaded that there is, and that there can be no other true religion than their own, they cannot consistently, nor candidly, nor lawfully approve, or even appear to approve any other religion, which they certainly should appear to do, were they thus to join in those religious exercises, or frequent places of worship belonging -to separated brethren. Question—But still when those of other ' religions scruple not occasionally, to attend ai Roman Catholic sermons, and "at religious exercises in Roman Catholic places of worship, would there not be something more brotherJv in returning this compliment, than in standing off with such rigour ? Answer—The preceding answer has anticipated a negative to this question ; it is now in addition to be observed, that the principles of other religions allow of such communication ; the principles of the Romam Catholic religion peremptorily forbid it. Were a set of men. however individually respectable to assemble as a deliberative body, with a view of reforming what they deem abuses in the constitution of Great Britain, were these men to propose (n the Imperial Parliament, a coalition with the Legislative bod} 1 , whereby they should be entitled to assist at the deliberations of. Parliament and the members of the Legislature be admissible to sit in turn with them, every one is aware of the fate of such a proposal, and every one who is convinced of the essential unity of the Church, as well as of its necessary and indefectible identity in every age from its first establishment by Christ to the end of the World, must consistently reject with at least eqnal aversion, every similar proposal of religious reciprocity. Question—Can it then be sinful to listen to the word of God, is rot this word good in all places, and wherever it is preached? Answer—The pure unadulterated word of God, which passes under that name the original Hebrew, Chaldaic,and Greek manuscripts are no longer in existence. There are a great number of copies indeed, and very many trans lations but copies can so far only be the word of God, as they are faithful transcripts of the originals; and translations are that word no farther, than they truly express the sense of it. Now it is undeniable, that numberless spurious copies are in circulation, corrupted by the Jews and ancient eastern heretics, so that abstracting from the testimony of the Church, this authorised guardian of the Scriptures and voucher of the authenticity, there can be no certain assurance that any individual copy or translation is indeed the word of God. And if the Scriptures so far back as the time of St. Peter, when the living voice of the Apostle discriminated for the faithful the pure from the corrupt, could still be wrested by the unlearned and unstable to their own perdition, how much more liable are these Scriptures now to misconceptions and misconceptions among Christian sects, where the authority of that church is rejected, and where the Scriptures are presumptuously expounded, according to the dictates of private judgment. When it is also notorious that various translations have in many places forced the word of God into such meanings, and into such language, as might best accord with the peculiar tenets of the translator, or might best serve to warrant their defection from the Catholic Church, it becomes equally notorious, that arbitrary translations of that sort, cannot be safely relied on as the pure word of God. Reformed translations have been superseded in turn, by others still later. A petition was presented to King James I, by a number of zealous Protestants, wherein they represent, that in the translation of the Psalms, as found in the Book of Common Prayer, there were two hundred deviations from the truth, and the petitioners grounded their objections against this Book, almost entirely upon the corruptions, or mistranslations which they discovered in it, as set forth in a particular treatise, entitled A defence of the Ministers' reasons for not subscribing. A Mr. Carlisle at that time accused the English translations with taking from, and adding to, the text, so as to change, or obscure the meaning of the Holy Ghost. They further pronounce this same translation absurd, and senseless, on which account they scruple to subscribe to it. A Mr. Broughton, a most decided Protestant, wrote, about this time, to the Lords of the Council, in order to procure, through their interference, a new translation, because the one then in use, was according to him, full of errors. He tells the Bishops that the public translation of the Scriptures into English, perverts the text of the Old Testament in eight hundred and forty-eight places Very many faults of copies are to be found even in the Vatican and Alexandrian manuscripts, of the Bible. In the Greek New Testament alone, Mr. Mills has discovered no less than thirty thousand various readings. But if instead of translations absolutely rejected by the Catholic Church, her vulgate alone were in use, that vulgate which she presents us, from the faithful pen of the learned and laborious St. Jerome, and which the most distinguished opposers of Catholicity have mentioned with respect, it would not be lawful for us Roman Catholics to commune in religious matters with separated sects, or to listen to their teachers as their spiritual guides. Question And why ? Answer—Besides the reasons heretofore assigned, Roman Catholics cannot discover in these teachers, that transmissive spiritual authority, emanating through an unbroken chain of succession from Christ himself and his Apostles, which authority they consider as essentially necessary in every preacher to constitute him an orthodox minister of the word of God. For as a Roman Catholic cannot allow any other society of Christians to be the true Church, except that which acknowledges the spiritual preeminence of one chief Bishop, and holds communion with his see, as of indispensible necessity, so neither can a Roman Catholic conscientiously, because a. hearer of those whose commission to preach or expound the Gospel, is not manifestly and actually derived from that authority. How shall "they preach, unless they be sent ? Of all the illustrious peisonages under the old law, none took upon themselves the province of public instruction, but such as were called by God as Aaron was.. The prophet Jeremiah rests his own claim, to credit and the claim of other prophets upon tins particular circumstance, that God had sent them. He repeats it with reiterated energy m many parts of his prophecy, insisting as often in other places, and with e'qual force, that the false prophets were not to be excited, because though they spoke in the name of God, yet that God had not sent them. WE resume our notice of the last received British intelligence. A great league has been formed at Leeds, under the auspices of the leading reformers of the North of England, for the purpose of carrying out the Reform Act. The Worcester Journal, in commenting upion this association, thus extracts from its first public address, and then adds some very excellent remarks, the commencement of which we copy:— "With these views, we recommend the formation of an association, having for its objects:— "1. THE EXTENSION OF THE RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE TO ALL HOUSEHOLDERS, as bringing into activity the greatest practicable number of independent voters. " 2. THE PROTECTION OF THE BALLOT, as the voters' best security from the undue influence of wealth and power. "3. THE HE-DISTRIBUTION OF REPRESEN- TATION—giving to the electors of all districts REPRESENTATIVES IN PROPORTION TO THEIR NUMBERS. "4. THE SHORTENING OF THE DURATION OF PARLIAMENTS TO A PERIOD NOT EXCEED- ING THREE YEARS ; and, "5. THE ABOLITION OF THE PROPERTY QUALIFICATION FOR MEMBERS OF PARLIA- MENT. "Fellow-townsmen! To accomplish these objects, we now invite your cordial aid and cooperation. In agitating for the attainment of these—the only means, in our opinion, of securing a good, ckcap, and honest Government we resort only to moral force: to the power of public opinion, and of peaceable combination; and to those legal and constitutional means which lie within our power. " In the success of this constitutional movement, we consider that all classes are alike deeply interested :—the capitalist, the best security of whose property consists in the safety of the public rights; the merchant and shopkeeper, whose permanent prosperity is based on that of the working classes; and the operative and labourer, the best guarantee for whose welfare consists in an honest Government, freely elected by all, and fairly representing all," " The excellence of the sentiments contained in this address ; its admirable tone of firmness, j-et, withal, so temperately firm; the force and justice of its positions, its pointed arguments and irrefragable conclusions must be our apology for introducing it in nearly its whole length. We hail its appearance in the world of politics with delight, convinced that it will speak to the heart of every genuine Reformer in the three kingdoms. It is calculated to awaken the great mass of the thinking and reflecting people from the apathy into which they have subsided, and to stir them up to renewed exertions for the further purification of the institutions of Government. " Events of recent occurrence, to which allusion is made in the address, go far to show that unless this wholesome purification be ap plied, sweeping corruption will blot out the sun of England's glory. A portion of the electors sell their, suffrage; the elected in turn re-sell their constituents to party. Can ought but ultimate ruin accrue from such a perversion of the principles of representative Government ? It is by union, and union alone, that the changes necessary to bring our representative system into a healthy state can be effected. The movement at Leicester and at Leeds seems to indicate the attainment of this grand object. If the woi'king classes continue to hold aloof from the middle, nothing can be done ; united, their efforts must be irresistible; separately urged, they will only exhibit a waste of mora'l power, and afford opportunities to the enemies of popular rights to protract the eventual victory of the sacred cause." The Morning Post, of the 21st August, mentions the seizure of, by the Custom House officers, that noble steam-ship, the British Queen, immediately on her arrival from New York, for having on board smuggled tobacco, tea, and spirits. The case was to be brought without delay before the Commissioners of Customs, in order that, if the ship was not condemned, no delay might take place in her loading l'or the United States. Mr. G rote withdrew his promised motion for an inquiry into the misapplication of the New South Wales Land Revenue. Sir Robert Peel objected lo the power the new Act gives Ministers of splitting New South Wales into separate Governments. Mr. Vernon Smith stated it only intended lo apply to New Zealand. It was modified accordingly. The Colonial Gazette, of the 29th July, has a very excellent article upon the attempt of the exclusives of New South Wales to mould the new Government upon their own ,plan. In reference to the proposition, so properly rejected by Sir G. Gipps to establish a privileged class, the Colonial Gazelle says: " Compp-atively rare as instances of sudden advancement may be, there is no privileged class at home which is peremptorily and absolutely closed against the members of any other class in the country. Such exclusion, in fact, constitutes, strictly and literally, that kind of institution which is called caste—one of the most dangerous and debasing institutions which ever poisoned society." We copy the following from the Chronicle :— " Mr. Feargus O'Connor has written a very long letter to the Times asserting that he is still treated as a felon, and compelled to perform the most disgusting felons' work in the prison ; and that his health is rapidly declining under this treatment. Mr. O'Connor threatens his oppressors with the disclosure of some ' secretand his letter concludes thus —'And now farewell, world for seventeen months farewell; but, by Heaven, M make a storm in you I' " 