A COMMON.SENS~E.VIE\VOF YAN KEE MANNERS. CFromMurrai/'s Travelsin iVbr/A America. J Defence of the Yankees9 and the Inns — ^Hcre^cannot help aiuking a(-fcw remarks ^upc-n n' subject on 'wliieh ,1 'think the 'ireneral opinion in -Britain is erroneous. tMe are taught to believe that the Yankoe ^is, invariably a. suspicious and avaricious 'rh'nriin his mioii'ej''tru'n?i\ctions,_and inca p'able of .'(libs'e feelings aftd'adts bf liberal ity, /of which the 'British' cljaract'er' is . jjistiuguishetl. ,1 shall mention .two iri stances thitt occurred to me in the space of four days,' 'which showed a vcrv 'Uifl'erent^chnracFcr ~ .from 'th'nf of whicfi the New Engjan'ders\arc accused. The change in the j6tite which the prevalence of the cholera nt.Montfeal induced me to aglgjit, -had preyeTjtcd trie from .drawing uhy of 'the money j.ynich I intended to jffet.iri..ihat city; and my iiiianccs ..were,, ?jtjierefore, . so niuch reduced as to leave me ;or,ly just sufficient :to tnke me a? far a's Bostons Uponmy 'mentioning the' cir- ntumsttince'tb MT T ' '? ' ~; rriy iimdlor.d 'at' Burlington,' as my reason for 'not 'inrVk'iiig 'soine t'rffling purchase' in that r,foy?.--'«:he at advanced me fifty dollars, by indorsing my draft on New York, and ?f-f\ffe'entfhg1'theTlbJU'1td tbe Burlinfftoii ?Bank? -P ?'? » ' ? ' « ; - 1 ' p' ; -The second - instance which I shall quote was in the purchase of nn- Indiun jjqny. Mr O — — '--+, of Montpelier, tui 'iler'stancli'n'g that it would be 'inconvenient ..for. me to pay his price out of my travel ling: pocket-money, offered at 'once' to accept, my draft on New York for the jsutn', 'in' jwhich jn.anjierjtjic jiurcjiage. jvas made.v .fvfeithcr of these gentlemen hrul . ever seen or .beard of me before, nntl .neilJicriof'them-a- Jctid even fora letter of introduction -or '?other papers. .to satisfy tbern:ns .to'nny- p_n'rticulars'respectiiig me ; 'n'rVtl, \vith'rill'dii6 and niodest tillowanca ,'fSi?\rnJ-- *pwn genUemttrily npppar.ince.'l .vpry irrach doubt whether I should have mei with Uia ? same -liberal --trdatn»e'nt. uciicr s-iir.ihir circ-unittKiiCcs. al a ccuiitr^ town in Yorks!iirer6r Lancashire. ' 'Another thing; I '.am also, bound ii candour to fay — viz. that the descriptior hitherto given by travellers of the accqm raocjatijohs ! at^ the tayerns in the more rejjiipte'' parts .. ,c-f the country have beer highly coloured to their, disadvantage, hi- travelling for the last fortnight -witli my own horse and waggon, I have stopped at three or fpur different, pjaces in the course of each day, and have gone through a ;-reut portion of the most unsettled country in New York, Vermont, and New Hampshire. In many instances the taverns have been very .small j b'ut'l have never had reason to complain of ?want tf cleanliness, good .victuals, or civility. I have asked at the most un seasonable hours, both early and lute, for breakfast, dinner, and supper (; and in the course. 'of ten minutes have always been supplied with a beef- steak, potatoes, bread and cheese, butter, eggs, and tea or coffee, th'e 'beds' have been clean, and whenever I asked for two or three clean towels instead .of the one placed in the room, they have been furnished without any hesitation or extra chafpe. All, that a traveller requires is a sufficient know ledge of the .'world to prevent his mis taking manners . for intention,' and a sufficient fund of good temper in himself to keep him from being irritated by trifle.'. Upon entering *or driving up to n tavern, 'the landlord will , sometimes continue smoking his pipe ? without no ticing your entrance; and if you ask whether you can have dinner, .you may be tcild ' Dinner is over, 'but I guess you can have something.' . If you arc a true John Bull, will you fret nntl sulk ; and, silently comparing this with the bustling attention and empressment of an English wai t er_ or hoots, you wal k about hv you r- self, 'chewing 'life J bitter end of your wrath ; liut: if you' are a traveller, or formed by nature to become one, (which John^Bull. is pot,) you will take this ^re ception as yoij find it, and .as the .usage of the country, and, in a. few' minutes he of the pipe wifl he assisting to 'arrange your baggnge, to dry your wet great-coat, and a tolerable dinner will be fn preparation. (From the Glasgow Argus, August S.J .Hafis Pasha apd Tallcyranl. — 'I have,' said'TIrifiz, 'heard Prince.de Talleyrand spoken of ns^ atnan.of great wit. I have been tojd that for fifty years past he has been the man of all the Governments. which have succeeded each other in' France, and I conclude that the hdiiour of that statesman mny not have been so great as his wit.' — The Sun. Ths Cyclops Steam-Frigate. — This mag. nificcnt' vessel, llie largest steam manof war in the. vvorld, was launched from Pembroke -Dockyard ' a few days ngo. Her dimensions are as follows : — Length 2 25 'feet,' beam between paddles' $S feet, depth of hold 21 feet. * Her tonnage is about 1300,'bcing 200 tons liirger then tlie Gorgon, lairnchecl.frorri tlie same slip about eighteen months since. Her equip ment as a man-of-war will be the same in all'respects as a frigate, having a com plete gun or main deck, as well' as an upper or quarter deck. 'On the main deck she will carry eighteen long 36 pounders, nnd on the upper deck four 48 pounders, and two ,;S6 ( pbuhJe'rs on swivels, carrying,. a ball 'of ten inches diameter, and sweeping round the hoiizon 240 degrees. She hue an orlop deck below the gun deck, of dimensions so .mag nificent that there is room to stow with comfort 800troop3 and their officers. A Ghost. — That apparitions do not alwavs wander without sufficient cause, ' is proved in' a well attested . fact, which we copy with the indorsement of. the MonireuiTranscHpt. Some time ago, as Mrs ? ^— (a _lady of literary taste and rather ^tudfouS habits), sat reading in her drawing-rpom, . the clock on the maritel-piece' struck*' twelve. , As tlie last stroke reverberated through the apart ments, thedoorwas suddenly flung open. Iti! the act 'of. raising her head toTeproVe the intrusion' (unru'ng for) of her servant, her eye rested 'oh 'the form °-' Hcr lute husband ; Fshe screamed and fell senseless on ' the carpet/' This. brought' 'up \ such 'rnembWs of. the family as' had not yet retired* to rest'; restoratives were admi nistered, ; and when Mrs ?— ; ? ; — ..had regained p--'ss.essipn of her suspended faculties, and being 11 woman of .strong mind and highly 'cultivated in intellect, she felt disposed to consider the whole distr'ess'siie'liud undergone 'us the result of certain associations between the fnelunchbly tale she had been perusing and her lute loss, operating* on a pariially deranged nervous system. She, how ever, considered' it advisable her maid should repose in her chamber,' lest- anv 'return of what she had -determined to consider a nervous affection _shoulddis-« tress herself.and alarm the^fd^fnily^ La?t Tuesday riighi, feeling' stronger and in better spirits than she had enjoyed fojr several' mo'nths phst/- M rs — — — disperisejd wit.h . tlie 'prgsej-ce .of -.Her .attendant, re tiring alone, to her chamber,. and went to her-bed a. little before ten o'clock. Ex actly as the clock struck' twelve, she was 'awrikene'd'frohV sleepi'arid distinctly be-, held the apparition she had before see,n advancing from the' table, 'Con \ynich stood her la'rrip\\) till it JBtoo.d opposi,te to, nnd drew aside the. curtains of her .bed. A sense of suffocating oppression deprived her of all power to scream aloud. She describes her very blood 'retrjea'ting with icy dullness to her heart !frqni jevpry vein. The countenance ' of her bclove-d in life wore 1not its benevolent aspect ; Yhe^'vx_s'7~^ce^eamin^;^vith~'afrection, were rtd w'. ' fixed' *in' stern' regard on tlie trernbling,half-aislfolved being, -yho, witli the. courage of 'desperation, thus, adjured. .hitn7'''Charl'es T 'dear Cb'a'rles'!' why are you.com.e^ngain ? ' 1' Je'ssje',' _slo^vly and Rolcnily aspirated the shadowy . forch, .waving in his hand a srrijill roll of written paper, 'Jessie^ pay 'my newspaper. ac- count, nnd let me rest ' in peace J '— Amoriciin paper. ?'? '? ? Recruiting for the Ar.my.— Jn .^ljC time of peace so much -activity lias never hcqn known as is now displayed 'in- this part bf the service. The fi- en^rnneXR-ninin--. de- pot in Dukc:st/ecr-,AVj^Et\iiinste'r,.Js:duiK- overvflieline'd with thc*j;ruj)ryp '^soldjerW, chiefly from* the' rufal' districts! ' ^V.vep* large' number of- recruiting .scrgeantp. cavuJ.-y and infantry vnre cocstautly in the purlieus'o^ tHe Horse Guards and the Parks, especially at the time when the guard is relieved, looking, on .for young and able-bodied men. Premiums of from ten to twenty shillings are paid to those .who bring acceptable .recruits, and fjr the East India Company's service a bonus of ten shillings is given for men of jive feet five and under thirty years of age, and fifteen for those who arc five feet seven inches. The non-commiasioned officers of the Royal Artillery have been extremely successful in enlisting great numbers, chiefly fine henlthy lad's from the country, to whom the preference in all regiments is invariably given. The Lincoln Chronicle* snys that an in genious person residing at Spalding has invented a great improvement in hoTse's collars by inflating them. It has proved a wonderful relief to the animal. . At then. cstingof the Exeter Town Coun cil on Friday, the city treasurer declared that .he had neither money nor credit, and that the city did not .possess the funds .to pay £3 for a supply. of potatoes to the jail. — ^Wefitern Herald. ,A mur.derer. named Lovett, recently executed in America, bequeathed his skull to Booth the actor, -with the desire that he should make use of it as Yorich's skull, in personating,7/am/e( on t.he stage. So thoroughly had this singular idea taken possession of the convict's imagi nation, that he continued uneasy and restless until the solemn promise was made him, that his wish should be coro pl ed vritb. The relic has been duly re ceived .by Mr B. ! A curious and valuable discovery has just been made .in the alloy of metals. A manufacturer of Pnris has invented t- composition much less oxidable than silver, and which will not melt at a heat' less than treble that which, silver, will bear ; ~t}ie cost of it. i3 ,le.ss than 4d. an ounce. Another improvement is in steel ; an Englishman at Brussels has discovered a mode Of casting iron so that it flows from the furnace pure steel, better than the best cast steel in England, and almost equal to that which has undergone the process of beating. The cost of this steel is onlv a farthing per pound greater than that of cast iron. Exportation of _ Bullion.— -\V 'e are glad to state that there .was, no particular amount of gold exported during last week, the whole being only. 4670 oz., equal in value to £18,213, which is compara tively an unimportant sum, especially as there have been some importations lately equal to that, and there is' every appear 'ahce of a good deal returning from the United States, in consequence of the state of Exchange at New York rendering it more profitable to transmit gold than bills. There has, however, been a very considerable quantity .of silver exported during the week, amounting in the ag gregate to 287, G03 oz., equal in value to about £72,000. It was chiefly shipped to Canton, in consequence, of course, of the present suspension of the opium trade, which, ns we explained a few days since, renders the transmission of ajnrgo amount of silver requisite to carry 'on trade there! According to the official returns, the exports from the port of London for the week ending Saturday lust were : — gold coin 2280 oz. of which _ 2000 oz. were sent1 to Tlaniburg, and-2S0 oz. to Ceylon : gold bars 2490 oz. which whs shipped to Hamburg; silver coin 265. 2oO cz. of which 253,9-1 oz. were sent to Cunton, 7815 oz. to Calcutta, aiid 3524 oz. to the West Indies; and 22,353 oz. silver bars, of which 20,000 oz. were forwarded to Rotterdam, and 2355 oz. to Calcutta,- — Chronicle, August 10. The following is a list of officers. pf the Grand. Lodge oflEreemasons for- the pre sent. year : — the Duke . of .Sussex, Grand Master : the Earl of Durham Pro-Grand Master; the Earl of Zetland, Deputy Grand Master; Hon. A. H. Moreton, M. P. S. G.'W. , Captain Deans Dundas, it. N. It. G. W.-r-Freeinasons' Quarterly Review. .Sir George. Murray. — Mr, Horatio Ross, oh the* plea' of ' bad health,' having abandoned all pretension to the represen tation of Aberdeen, means are being taken by the Tories of that town to in duce Sir George Murray to become, at first vacancy, a candidate. It is ''too bad' thus to tantalise the rejected of Perthshire and of Westminster. The Aber.dec.ri Journal (a Tory paper) is ex tolling highly the ' private and moral worth of Sir George ; and the Aberdeen Herald (a Liberal organ.) alleges thut the gnHnnt ^gentlernan, jki _po_int pf _j-r.U:ate and .moral _-vorth,_(s 'just like mqst.other people." Is he ? — Perth Chronicle. Photography.— When the progress of any science brings us to the verge of a discovery, it generally presents itself to more than one individual about the same time. While M. Daguerre in France, and another person in England, were developing the art of photography, we find that a young Scotsman, Mr Ambrose Blacklock, of Dumfries, was engaged in inventing and perfecting a process of the same description. His discovery was made about two years ago. We have before us a page of Boerhave's Che- mistry, copied by his process, and litho- graphed by himself, and nothing can be more minutely correct. He can take an exact impression of a drawing, a page of a book, or other object, and transfer it to stone in ten minutes. A short notice of his discovery was sent to the Athenaeum about eighteen months ago. .The* number of bankruptcies in ,P,arjs declared between .the 1st of January and the ,26th. July, 18.39, was ,607; among t)iem -yere 93 Joint Stock Campiinies,. whose debts amounted to £6,000,000 sterling ;' the: nu'ruber of bankruptcies jetween the 1st and 26th ofld'st'iuonth ivhs 17. ? '''' ''' ' - 