Malignity Tyranny and .;:. Cowardice WE had hoped that we had already exposed the worst features in the character is of the unworthy commander of H. M. wl Ship Herald, but we were mistaken, as to the following facts will,shaw,./ " "i . A Mr. WEBBER, a midshipman belong- thing to the Herald, had the audacity to to obtain cash, for a bill of £320 sterling; for the needful was carefully packed in a box, and was sent on board H. M. S. Herald, of addressed to its owner, Mr. WEBBER, of Will any man in his senses believe that 25 JOSEPH NIAS, Esq., ordered the money out of the ship ! and that he would not allow its proprietor to go on shore with it, in order that he might see it safely deposited with his agent. Mr. WEBBER remonstrated with JOBBPII on the urea reasonableness of his being compelled to en- trust so much money to the care of a waterman. " Send your money on shore Sir, you SHALL NOT leave the ship was JOSEPH'S reply. Mr. WEBBER refused to comply with the illegal command, and for so doing the abominable wretch NIAS, ordered Mr. WEBBER under close arrest. Mr. WEBBER not descending the ladder quick enough to please the CALiGULA like monster, He, JOSEPH NIAS, Esq., ordered the Sergeant of Marines to '* SHOVE HIM (Mr. WEBBER) DOWN THE LADDER. Would it not be a desecration of the starboard fore-yard arm to suspend such a scoundrel at its extremity? Such a wretch ought to be tarred and feathered, rushed to a grating, and towed on shore, followed by the drum and fife playing the «. Rogues March." Such a man, or rather, such a monster, may be a suitable servant to a Whig government, but certainly not a suitable officer to command a British ship of war. Talk of convicts in the hulks, or in New South Wales, and compare them with the hellish life the officers of the Herald Uve under NIAS' command? Where is the convict in this or the sister colony, who endures half the purgatorial thraldom of the officers of the Herald. The mean-60uletl wretch wanted his freight upon Mr. WEBBER'S treasure, we suppose. As well might this mean souled abor- tion of humanity, order the officers entitled to draw quarterly bills, to throw them overboard as soon as they got cash for them. If the officers of the Herald do not bring NIAS to a Court Martial as soon as they have an opportunity, we can only say they deserve the treatment they have, and will yet receive at his hands. We say the conduct of JOSEPH NIAS, Captain of H. M. Ship Herald, towards Mr. WEBBER was that of a ty rant and coward; and the man who is both tyrant and coward, cannot be offended at being considered a bed and as such unworthy of holding a commission in the service of his country. We wonder that the ghost of the unfortunate officer who put a period to his own existence, in the brig JOSEPH commanded in the Mediterranean, on ing, it is supposed, to the unmitigated ill usage he received from NIAS, does not haunt his black soul, and terrify him from pursuing a course that entails upon him the curse of all whose fate it is to serve under him, and which will, if not deeply repented of, secure to him an eternal punishment. . We deliberately say, that the officers of the Herald would be justified in refusing to leave New Zealand under the command of the demon. It is pitiable, it is humiliating to our natural as well as our national feelings, to reflect that men of courage, of education, of gentle blood, and good breeding and of irreproachable private character, should, in serving their country, be obliged to submit to the ill usage of so vile, so degraded, so worthless a fellow as JOSEPH NIAS, Esquire. The above observations may be considered a little personally but it there not a cause ?" 