THE GOULBURN RACES. The Gonlhuru Races commenced on Thursday, the 8th of October, and were kept with a good deal of spirit until Satur- clay; evening ; the course being honoured by the attendance of several ladies and a numerous nartv of horsemen, amongst 1 " o whom we were happy to observe man)' of our sporting friends froip Yass. In conse quence of the arrival of many unexpected horses from Sydney, much anxiety was felt by the Yassites, as they had booked Crock- ford to win. ' first day. The sport commenced on the New Course on Thursday, the site and arrange ment of. which reflected great credit on the Stewards. The first race on the list was the Gonlburn Purse £50, two mileheats, £3 entrance, and the following candidates came to the post : — Mr. Waddy's e. g. Prince, aged, rider W. Wilson. M Mr. W. I-Iardy's b.g. Commissary, fiFe years old, rider M. M'G rath. Mr. Ryriies' b. g. Tom, five/years old, rider ;Ji: Patrick. Mr. Welch's c. h.-Croekford, six years old, rider Tom Jones. r- . . For the first mile a sheet might have been laid over , the horses, but on passing the stand, Tom made a . bold dash to the front, but was quickly collared and caught by Prince, who' went a-head, and main tained his place to ' the stand, Commissary running a good second, Tom third, and Croekford's judicious rider, finding that he had 110 chance for the race hauled up within the distance, and was then drawn. This heat was done in three minutes, nuy- two seconds. (Not so bad). For the second heat, the old Camerto- nian had it all his own way,, " hard-held'' much 10 me uisgust 01 uie rg\ie gentry. This was done in four minutes, five seconds. The next race was for the Ladies' Purse £50, one mile beat,- lor. which there were the following entrances Mr. Welch's g. g.; Hair trigger, six years old, rider Tom 'JohesV1'' Mr. Christie's b. g. The Artful, six years old, rider M, M'Grath, ... Mr. Ximenes's g. g; There it is you see, five years old, rider J. Patrick. Mr. J. J. Hurly's c. m. Mermaid, three years old, rider J. Keighran. Mr. Byrngs'e b. g. Tom, five years old, Mr. Smithy Mr. Welch's c. b.' Crockford, drawn. " M r..W. Hardy's b. g. Commissary, drawn. For the first! heat Hair trigger took the leaii, and was never beaded throughou t the race, Meraifiidtrunning second,, the Artful -third, haul-held. 'There it is you see,' pulling up at the distance, and Tom no where. This was done in two minutes. For the second heat Hairtrigger again took the lead, closely followed by the Art ful, between which a severe struggle took place at the stand ; Hairtrigger winning by a neck. This was done in one minute and filty-eight seconds. For the Hack Race £10, one mile heats, £ 1 entrance, nine horses drew up. Mr. Ximenes's b. g. Black Diamond, J. Patrick. . -s Mr. Byrncs's b. g. Cock Robin, and a long tail ol unmentionables. This race was won by Black Diamond, which concluded the day's sport; which was voted by all to be much better than was to he expected froth" the ' Vegetables," as your worthy contemporary the Australian calls them. . ' ' second day's sport. . At twelve, o'clock pn Friday, when the bugle sounded;, only .one horse was auda cious enough to meet the Prince— this was Mr. Byrnes' Tom, in consideration of whose gallantry and for the amusement of the spectators, Prince's rider, by dint of hard pulling, allowed Tom to come in only a length behind him. The second heat was run in. the same style! The next race which excited more inter est than any of the preceding, was the Hurdle Race £30, £3 entrance added. Three miles round the old Goulbutn Course, gentlemen riders; nine -sporting leaps, three feet six hurdles, about the stiff ness cf which there was no mistake. When every preliminary arrangements bad been made, the following sporting lot drew up forhe-race. - . . , .. . . Ajjv.W./iarcly's b.g. Commissary, five years, Ywer "R. Waddy, Esq , eleven stone, black jacket and crimson cap. 1 .; Mr. T. -P. Besnard's bn. g. Frederick, aged, rider J . King, Esq., eleven stone seven pounds,; green and white jacket and purple cap. Mr. Ximenes's b. g. Black Diamond, aged, rider owner, eleven stone seven pounds, Dam son coloured jacket, black and gold cap. Mr. Christies's b. g. The Artful Dodger, five years, rider Monies, Esq., eleven stone, blue jacket, black and gold cap. At the word <! away,' the horses started at a slow cauler, improving the pace as they came to the first leap, when Black Dia mond showed them the way oyer, the first fence, closely followed by Commissary and Frederick, the Artful, who was close be hind, now pricked up his ears; but whether a. qualm of conscience came over him or his rider, we leave the spectators to judge; certain it is'he preferred the blinds to the fence arid bolted. "And now they went to work, Commissary leading over . the second fence. After' clearing the third leap. Diamond not liking the line of course laid defwn by the Stewards, took one of his own making ; but being quickly recovered, lashed up, taking the fourth leap in the "same stride with Frederick, Commissary 'still leading, and now, to the surprise o,f every body. Diamond cut diamond, and gave him a taste of the bleeders, his videris imagination as. he afterwards confessed, carrying him so much Taster . than his horse, that fee actually .thought that he had gone three miles instead of two, and wa9 winning easily ! But oh;' ye gods ! how vain was the; delusion, when Com missary convinced him of his mistake, by .again leading oyer the fifth fence. Now none but Commissary and Fred, had a ghost of a chance, the pace beginning to tell on Black Diamond's want of condition. The remaining four leaps were, taken in, the most determined style, and after gome hard driving, Commis$arv ran jn, beting Fred, though not easily, by a few lengths. We understand that the sporting owner of Commissary is willing to take up Slasher's challenge, if the time be ex tended three months, and the advertise ment be not mere braggadocio. third day. The third day's sport commenced with a match of two mile- heats for £50, be tween Mr. Welch's. Hairtriggerridden hv Junes, and Mr. Ximenes's. There it is you see, ridden by .Patrick. The race wits won by Hairtrigger, There it if yon see' being drawn after the first heat in con-: sequence of his having an attack of the' influenza, The beaten stakes for £20, £2 entrance added, .mile heats, then came off. Mr. Besnard's Frederick, Mr. Christies The Artful, Mr. Rutledge's Mermaid, and Mr. Bvrnes Tom started for a race which was decidedly the hardest contest dnring the meeting; The old horse proved him self still game, although Vie had not an inch to spare, the Artful pushing him, closely for both: Mermaid aud Tom- playing together, being unequal to the pace of the two first horses. A Hack Hurdle Race, mile heats, was next- got up for £10,' entrances added, for which there were the following- 'candi dates ; — , , Mr. Ximenes's Black Diamond. ... I 1 Mr.. Byrdes's Cock- Robin,'.;.';.... 2 2 Captain Hunter's Billy ;. .. .-..v., 3drawi»- Both heats were won ' easily by Black Diamond. .A match wasbet-ween Mr. Bvrnes' The Artful and Mr. Rutle'dge's Mermaid — two mile heats for £50 ; but Mermaid's owner preferred paying half forfeit to bringing the Mare on the course, to be beaten. The Parramatta weights were carried at this meeiing. — tierald. 