NEW ZEALAND EXTRACTS from the letters of a Kororarika Corres- pondent :—. PORT NICHOLSON: IT ELIGIBILITY AS A SITE FOR A SETTLEMENT.—Whatever hopes the friends of the Port Nichlolson colonists may have held out to them, there is but little chance of them being realised. Surveying will be attended with great difficulty, and until the people are perma- nently established, they can expect no returns for the immense outlay which they must make. The former township of Britannia, which was settled upon last summer, was a complete swamp, and as soon as the rains came on, many families were obliged to leave the place with three of four feet of water in their wooden houses and huts, and the destruction of property was immense. The new township is on the west side 0f the bay, at a place called Thorndon, about eight miles from the other place. The site contains about 400 acres of flat land, including the swamp, and is surrounded by mountainous country, so that should there be a very wet season, the rains from mountains will wash the whole, or greater part of the present town into the sea, unless an enormous sum of money be expended to prevent it. THE COUNCIL.—I believe the honourable Mr. Petre and Mr. Sinclair are members of the Council. INTENDED EXPORTS—They talk about send- ing home flax, timber, &c.;, as returns for capital invested. As to flax, I am credibly informed, that it is now impossible to collect even a small quantity, as the natives will not take the trouble of cleaning it, and years will elapse before Europeans will attempt it. As to timber, they have not the timber of commerce, such a cowdy; for it is well known that no cowdy timber grows to the; southward of Mercury Islands, about half way between Port Nicholson and the Bay of Islands. THE BAY OF ISLANDS.—One of the most splendid, if not the finest harbour in the world. There are, indeed, four distinct harbours, all land- locked. Kororarika harbour is most generally frequented on account of the importance of the settlement. When Captain Hobson visited the Bay, in the Rattlesnake, the town was rapidly rising into importance, and it has since been much improved. The abandoned characters, who some two years ago composed the community, have been replaced by a most respectable class from England and New South Wales. Captain Hob- son remarked the change when he landed on Kororarika Beach in February last. Since January, ninety-four good houses have been built, and if there was a sufficient quantity of sawn timber hundreds of those who are now living in tents on the beach, would soon be in- stalled in their own houses.. Timber is now selling at 40s. per hundred feet, but a large quan- tity is daily expected. LIGHTING THE TOWN.—Three gentlemen have offered to light the town with gas! as soon as the streets are completed, which will be in about six months!! KORORARIKA BEACH.—The extent of the Beach is about one mile and a half, and vessels of 500 tons can anchor, within twenty yards of low water-mark. CIRCULAR WHARF.—The inhabitants have had two public meetings, to take into considera- tion the best means of making a Circular Wharf round the whole frontage of Kororarika which when done will be a very great ornament to the place, and there is no doubt it will be finished in two years! PUBLIC ACCOMMODATION.—There are at Kororarika some very extensive stores, a club- house, which has been doing great service, a bank, four hotels, a church, billiard rooms, &c.; Public credit is good, and the immense returns from the place may be seen on reference to the entries at the Sydney Custom-house. Everyone thought that Kororarika would have been fixed on as the most eligible site for the seat of Govern- ment, but a place call Okiato was preferred. The quantity of flat land and gentle rising ground which might be built upon at Kororarika amounts to about 2900 acres. Government, however, was strongly prejudiced against the place, for reasons, I believe, unknown to themselves. The Ma- gistrate, Postmaster, and other officers, were speedily removed to Paihia, the head mission station, about three miles on the opposite side to Korararika, at which latter place they had been living for some time. There are only five mis- sionary families living at Paihia, and it is impos- sible for any boat to reach a landing place when north-east wind is blowing, on account of the surf, whereas there are nearly a thousand persons living at Kororarika. The removal of the Ma- gistrate has rendered his office useless as regards Kororarika, for besides the expense incurred in getting to him, before a person can get back to Kororarika with his warrant, the party whom it is intended to apprehend has most probably ab- sconded. The Lieutenant-Governor wished the Magistrate and Postmaster to go and live at Okiato; but they refused because there was no house for them, while they were in comfortable quarters at Kororarika. Then they were removed to this mission station, where they can be of no use, and with which no communication can be had in strong north-east winds. SECURITY OF PROPERTY.—It is well-known that before Governement took possession of New Zea- land, no one ever heard of a robbery on Korora- rika beach. I have known casks of wine and spirits left on the beach for months together, and no one attempted to rob; but now, if property is not put under lock and key, it will be plundered. I have known lately three whale boats stolen off the beach in one night, but before the magistrates' warrant could be obtained the parties were pro- bably a hundred miles off. THE NATIVES—The natives are all up in arms against the Government on account of their not purchasing their lands, or allowing any one else to do so; It is now the winter season in New Zealand, and until this year the natives and always exchange their lands for blankets and warm clothing; they might be seen warmly clad and well dressed; now there is nothing but misery. This is protecting the poor natives with a vengeance ! OKIATO—Okiato was recommended to Cap- tain Hobson for a township, by that celebrated man, Felton Mathew, who petitioned Sir Richard Bourke for permission to wear two epaulets, at the time he held the appointment of Sydney-street Sur- veyor. Bourke, knowing the man, told him he would allow him to wear epaulets, but that he must not wear less than three. This same individual might have been seen about three weeks ago at the Thames, where he was sent to try and find the site for another township like the Okiato, with a long sword dangling by his side quite as long as himself, and the edges of his clothes covered with fur; this man was called by the natives THE LITTLE UNKNOWN. If New Zealand is to have a Surveyor-General, let it be a clever man and an engineer; it is a disgrace for any man who calls himself a surveyor to have recom- mended such a place as Okiato for a township. GOAL AT OKIATO.—The goal at Okiato is a disgrace to any Government, in wet weather it is completely under water, and in many places you may put your hands between the boards; it is merely a wooden frame, boarded all round. The only prisoner at present in this horrid hole is a New Zealand native, who was tried some three months ago for the murder of an Irishman, who was shepherding for one of the missionaries near the Wymatty; this same man has been in- carcerated ever since, and about three weeks ago the rain came into the prison half-way up to his knees. The consequence was, he was taken with spasms, and Capt. Hobson was sent for at twelve at night, who on seeing the native was much shocked at the condition he was in, and sent off to Paihia for Dr. Johnson, a distance of about five miles. When Dr. J. arrived he found the native nearly exhausted. DUEL.—An affair of honour took place Honoroa beach (Bay of Islands), between John Kelly, Esq., and C. B. Brewer, Esq. The for- mer gentleman was attended by A.E. McDonough, Esq., and the latter by Monsieur Dersentes. The dispute arose at the Kororarika Club House, concerning a bill. After the first shot without effect, Mr. B., demanded a second shot which of was granted. He narrowly escaped destruction, the ball having passed through his left whisker. After this the parties retired. [We must apologise for the liberty we have taken with our correspondent, but he is often too pungent for our safety, were we to publish all his remarks. We shall, however, be glad, to hear from him again. IMMIGRATION.-The Herald of yesterday con- end tainsa sortof prospectus of,or rather an invitation pen to form, an association to promote Immigration trt to these colonies. The names attached to it are ea those of R. Jones, Esq., M.C.; A. Berry, Esq., SC;. Lawson, senior; H. H. Macarthurt Al G. C.;W. Macarthur, Esq.; Rober, has ot", Esq.t Ward Stephens, Esqr; and JB. e•ington, Esq These gentlemei invite other pro arietors and colonists interested in the importation ca oh labour to assist in effecting their object by means of a subscription, to form a fund to make vid p, any surplus expenditure over and above the mo land fund, which may be consequent on a due yar and regular importation of manual labour from out England, which is not. afforded' by ,either the tha Government system or the Bounty, systen, as wo carried on Iy prinvate individuals for:.their o profit. This suggestion is of the utmost i , portanee' It is evident that the present system par if not inelfficient, is insufficient. aind therefore Ian some other means of:securing what we so much F want, namely,' labour, should,. be immediately r resorted to. ." '..T col SHOP FRONTS-The system adopted by the the great majority of the shopkeepers in Sydney; wt as regard to the posts erected in front of their shops du for the blinds, wants:mending, more especially in ma George.street. Some of these posts, or frames, gre are of such slight woodwork,'and so 'loosely put ito the ground, that aL wheel of- a:" carriage or off dray coming in contact with them would carry un them away all together.: In new-houses e'specially, pe we would suggest that these blinds should be ust managed.'on frame work inside, and be rolled out on irons in the same way as those of Mr. Go- ap don's new .shops in George-street. There is De anothernuisance which is daily increasing,namely pia the niumber of iron posts along the curb:stones of on the streets. In London, and other large towns, we all posts, so situated, are surmounted by lamps wI t and parties should not be allowed to erect them wI ia the streets of Sydney, except on the same con- Se, dation. Afriend of ours was walking rapidly up _George.street a few nights sinice while it wasery ou dark and he came in contact. with one of these de posts, lately erected, and so injured himself that he was coifAln to his room for two or thrieedays. tic if they have not lanips upon them they sho 'at least be painted white, so as:to0 render them conspicuous as possible. *- . SOCIALISM - Next Sunday. and" the-Suo I following are advertised as being days fixed up -,or the delivering of lectures uipon thish syste which has lately been introduced amongst We trust that when it has been thought necess f lr the Peers of England. to put dowin suc system, that His Excellency and the Execu will, if they-do not prevent these: meetingst b gether, at least take_ measures for ascerta-iS from the mouths of the lecturers themselv ,;hether tpe principles of th Obwenites are 'or not dangerous to the communiity. We have a - * readyh?nd an instance of the effects of the sys in our, courts of justice. A. man has, had andacity to declare openly that he does not 'hieve one word of the Scriptures, and that he d not believe there will be any -punishment or ward hereafter. What security has society aga the effects of such principles as these --Co r oandent.-We think it would' be more pru , to let these maunoorms alone. They will i soon enough of themselves. -. ' - t BATHURST, JUNE 18, 1840. — The desperadoes who at present infest this district, have just re- ceived a valuable acquisition in the person of the notorious "Wyles," who left Bathurst Goal about mid-day on Tuesday, the 16th instant, and as the public have a right to know how such despera- does make their escape, I will, with your permis- sion, report this as far as I know. This individual having been fully committed for highway robbery, identified as the party who made a respectable settler carry his saddle some two miles after rob- bing him, and being one of two who stopped and plundered some drays proceeding from Wagula to Port Phillip some time ago, and also an accom- plice of the late Whitton, and his party on the Laughlan River, was, notwithstanding his character and the various charges against him, sent from the Goal unironed, one of four en- trusted to one constable, as their overseer, who was armed only with a staff, and that for the purpose of digging a grave outside the settlement ! But Wyles did not think it advisable either to wait the interment, or return to "durance," but walked into the bush leaving the constable to take care of the remaining three. — Correspondent. THE COAL MONOPOLY. — A company has been formed for the purpose of relieving the people of this Colony, from the grievous oppression of the present infamous monopoly. The names of the projectors of this company, which is entitled the Australian Mining Company, are highly re- spectable and will we trust have sufficient influ- ence with the powers that be, to shorten the eistence of the iniquitous charter now held by the Agricultural Company. The capital of the company is to be 100,000l., in shares of 20l. each, which can be obtained at the Bank of Aus- tralia. The immediate operations of the Com- pany are to take effect on certain old grants of land in the township of Sydney, to which it is thought the charter of the monopolists does not extend. Mr. Civil Crown Solicitor Turner, is the Secretary to the provisional Directors. BRIDGE AT HINTON. - Mr. Poole, solicitor, has in course pf preparation a memorial from residents at, and about Hinton, to the Gov, for permission to build a bridge across the where the punt now traverses it. The brid built on the plans already proposed, equal in magnificenc the most celebrated bridges in Lon don. We believe the petitione's do not require any assistance, and we have, therefore, no doubt that the required permission will be granted. CAUTION DISORDERLY CHARACTERS.-On onday last, the man Walsh, who lately figured at the Police Office, as the paramour of the no torious Mother Brown, was sentenced to be im pisoned for six months and kept to hard labour, for keeping the disorderly house in Castlereagh Street. Some little exposa's took place during the trial which should induce respectable (?) person to be cautious lest they should also be considered disorderly persons, in accord e with the old adage,." Birds of a feather flock together." NEWSPAPER WRITERS.-Some of our contem- T poraries, have of ate been complaining of the of 1 want of matter, that they should not be able to men fill their papers were it not for the Council. The and following extract s from a late London paper; well we trust that none of our contemporaries are in it in such a pitiable situation as is here described, it it n they are, we do indeed pity them:-" Can any- ' thing more pitiably unhappy be conceived than a sean jaded scribbler for the public Press-sitting We down to his task at the last moment, with an duri aching head and an empty stomach-or vice versa, con which is exactly the same in effect ? Imagine the in c forlorn drudge' sensation, as he doggedly lifts in t the quill stump and 'moves it instinctively to- Ben wards that fountain of good and evil, the ink-pot, tina surcharged with both the gall of bitterness and trial the honey of adulation. He is destitute of a Joh topic-his over-wrought brain has exhausted its son stock of images, andhe can fancy nothing but pros the ghost of an idea already hackneyed through R all the changes of the alphabet-no subject that that has not been hackneyed to death by the hungry was scissors of borrowers and imitators. Yet must roas he continue to feed the iron jaws of the Press! of ti There is no release from the undertaking. He ther is in for it, and sterile or fertile, feasting or char starving, his imagination must be wrung daily, L yea hourly, for wherewithal to meet the merciless mee demands of the demonat his elbow. Other men secc may eat, drink, and sleep;' may live, move, and seco have a being like decent creatures; the merchant and may relax in time of sickness, or retire at.seasons por of enjoyment; the mechanic may forgo a job I when he breaks a limb, or chooses to go a fishing; som the farmer may work, or let it alone; and the bro mariner has frequent itermission amidst the toils and and the storms of his career, and the world wags prie on without confusion, nevertheless, they only - 1 comparatively feel the consequences: not so des with the slave of types. For him. there'is 'no the oliday. No repose, no retreat, await his tired lon powers. When he skulks, the world comes to an hav end, and chaos riots Nor is it. nierely 'indis- star pensable that lie shall labour at brief and stated .law intervals-the most irksome sort of employment at i from its very constancy, and regularity, and otin- it a ceasing recurrence; he must also put forth his the efforts at something new. The reading-public be has become a spoiled child with 'a depraved Dei appetite, perpetually hankering after, nsovelties, oft monstrosities, and impossibilities. In the fabri- mo cation of these crudiies for quidpnunes, a renewal Jut of intellect, once a year, at least, i`should lie pro- I vided for. There is an end even to" the spider's Sr most attenuated thread; and what maker of long his yarnscan be required in reason,'not only to spin Ki outikeaa spider, the substances of his body, but tim that of his brain also! Truly "this is a cruel ing world and the manthat meddles with para- ren rphsa miserable piece of cariteous machinery." wil TYPE FOUNDRY:-We underptand that some mo partes are about to come to Sydney from Scot. -n land, for the, purpose of .establishing a Type Foundryin order to afford a ready supply to the Ne printing offices of this and the neighbouring daj colonies. These parties intend bringing- with du them an ample supply of the Scotch metal, which, Mr as we can state from experience, is doubly as the durable, as that which is used in the 'English ing manufctories. Such an establishment will be a M great acquisition to the colony. CONCERT. - Mr. Deane's Concert, last night, went off much better than we expected, considering the unfavourable state of the weather. The vocal performances of Mr. and Mrs. Bushelle were as usual good, as was that also of Madame Gautrot. Mrs. Clancy was well received, and was warmly applauded in the Last Rose of Summer. Miss bu SDeane displayed some clever execution on the pianoforte. Master Deane was encored in a solo on the violin. The instrumental performances , were well got up and executed. The audience, which was numerous and respectable, among Swhom were His Excellency and the - Colonial on \- Secretary,' were highly. pleased, and we hope that the returns of the evening may have turned out equally profitable to Mr. Deane, who well deserves the patronage of the public. THE LATE DISCOVERY.-We call the atten- tion of our friends and that of our contemporaries t r i tihue'"hist~ry% ?orbh"is- v. which Count Strcletski has 27 ourne papers as his own. given canniot for one mo- va m we hope in our next files C , to see that the Count has G stake he has made in con- bi the real discoverer.. The si aears in our rourth page. 3. SALE OF MERCRANDISE.-We H ion o thie traders,' &c.;, of 3{ gement in this day's paper,' oe s of the Hebe and Diana,' the 'cargo of the William gi Wi be sold by Auction by p iand Vickery, to-morrow, : -cuE's SYsTEM.-The f(l the leading article of The efor June, relativeto Cap? tI Si raordinary. system for the to e Norfolk Island' men, is E ithropic (?) Captain's peru a strong term to apply to bt itis mildness itself when e e dpartnof the system now Iland. TThe part allided to h public journal, and there u believe the statement to be hner, with Captain Macono cry prisoner was supplied i drink the Queen's health.' fed 'to quaffthe liquor, had ruman blood, shed under its m . In England, the pau prime but poverty,. lave been nddings sent to workhouses but in Norfolk Island, men have a holiday, a feast, and is will excite deep and wide not notice this in condemna iconochie's 'system in' toto, werance journalists we have he venture the opinion, that t.t Captain's.system has as ty of it, it is one of utter fa GRAND JURIES. — It is probable, that during the present session of Council, it will become a matter of consideration whether we shall have grand Juries or not. It would appear there are some who are opposed to their institution in this iceived a circular letter enu thirty-five objections to the lt forward as reasons for dis a ries altogether. The first grand Jury is anomalous in that the power of committing be magistracy has superceded of the grand Jury. Another aon is with respect to the per onstitute grand Juries and t i law. The secrecy of the ner objection, and it is urged, I man to be tried and acquitted ne a bill against him thrown Again, it is more difficult t witness before a grand Jury The grand Jury, it is said, for buying off prosecu oany other objections, to the if , as we have before stated, .Sh lish'mentof grand Juries in Ai' this Colony; and min support teme onjecor in recommends a perusal of o cn- Lord Somer's Tract on Juries; Elementary Law uire Treatises : Title-Grand Juries; The paper in >ubt the Jurist, 1827: Title-Grand Juries; The seventeenth number of the Edinburgh Review: -On ritle-Grand Juries; Lawrie's two pamphlets ared on Grand Juries; Westminster Review for 1834: no- Title- Grand Juries; Lord Brougham's Evi. im- lence before a Committee of the House of Cm our, nons on the Law of Libel; Report of the Cri agh uninal Law Commissioners: Title-Grand Juries; ring Municipal Police Committee, 1837 and 1838: (?) Index-Grand Jurors; Papers in the Justice of also Peace for 1837: Index-Juries; Report of Co :ord- mittee on London Improvements, 1838; and, Lther Mr. Serjeant Adams's Letter to Mr awcs on the Municipal Police Force. THE CORN MARKET.-We call the attention of Mr. Parker, of the Town Surveyor's Depart ment, to the neighbourhood of the Corn Market, and the state of the streets about it. We are well aware that it must be very difficult to keep it in order as it is at present, but if it were paved it never would be in the state it now is. 'MUTINY ON BOARD THE 11 PREMIER."-FOur seamen, belonging to the Premier, Captain Were, from Plymouth, were confined in irons during greater part of the voyage for mutinous conduct and threatened revolt. They were given in charge of the Police on the arrival of the ship in this Port, and have been brought before the Bench several times. On Tuesday they were finally examined, and committed to take their trials. Their names are Alexander Hartwell, John Penton, William Penton, and Johi Pear son. Mr. Hustler, barrister, appeared' for the prosecution. ROASTING.- The Herald, of yesterday, says that " towards the end of last week, a woman was received into the Sydney Goaoal. for having roasted another female." We guess the writer of the paragraph is roasting his readers.' He had, therefore, better take care that numerous similar charges be not brought against himself. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-The Council will meet this day. The orders of the day are for the second' reading of the Districts Police Bill. The second reading of the New Zealand Title 'Bill, and the second reading ofthe Municipal Cor porationBill is on the paper for toliorrow. LIBEi.--The Supreme Court will be occupied some part of this day in trying a libel action brought by John .Ryan Brenan, J. P. 3rd P.M., and C. for Sydney, against. Mr. Jones,, the pro prietor of :The:Commercial Journal. : . \- THE' DISTILLATION PROiIBIlTON ACT.-No despatches' have arrived, we unrderstand, as yeton the bill itself, but we tell our ruleis; as we have long since told them, that its fate is sealed. - We I have received a' letier fr6ni agentlenian of eminent standing at the bar, who,0in commni with every lanwyer; he has spoken to on the subject, lauighs at itrinithe first placeas law, and then reprobates it as:" an infamous attempt at imposition." ,For the: further information, of the lawyers,. we also beg t6 inform..them, that the opinion of Lord Denman is diametrically opposed to the: legality of the bill, and that he ~egards it in the light of a most-unjust- measure.-'Hobart Town -Courier, June 19. BALL -Mr. Clarke, dancing-master, of King Street, intends giving a .ball tormorrow evening to his pupils and, :their friends, at his new rooms, in King Street. Mr. Clarke has been ,for, some time established in.Sydney,and, from the increas- ing number of his.pupile, has. been; induced to remove from Macquarie Place.' We hope his ball will be well attended:: These'balls alwaiys afford more real enjoyment than -can possibly be found in masquerades or fancy-dress assemblies;': CEN'IENARY CHAPEL' ATE PARRAMATTA.-The 'New Wesleyan Chapel 'will be'opened on Mon da3 morning next. ? Tw`'sermons will be 'reaclied durihg the day'; in tie'morning one, by'the Rev. Mr.-Sweetian, and illi?i ? ieniiig aiiittier by the Rev. Mr. Orton,, and on'.thleSunday follow ing sermons will, be preached by the tReys.- J M'Kenny, and W., Schofield. FLora.--(At Barker and Hallen's),. first quality' 36s,, seconds, do., 31s., ration, do., 28s., per. 1001bs" Wheat, 11s. Od.per bushel. Bran, Is. 6d.,ditto..(At Messrs. Dodds and Co.,) first quality, 36s., seconds. 30s , ration, 28s., ditto.' Wheat, 10s. to :lls.per bushel. Bran, Is. 6d. per ditto._ ,.(At Messrs. Hughes and Hosking's,) first quality, 36s., second do., 31s., ration :ditto, 28s.. Wheat,, 12s. per bushel. Bran, Is. 6d.ditto. Maize, 6s. Od. ditto.? 