LAUNCESTON: Thursday Morning, January 9, 1840. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ADVERTISER. January 2, 1840. Sir,— I beg leave to address you for once, in conse- quence of the observations contained in your paper of to-day, with reference to the part I have taken respect- ing the memorial which is being carried about town for signature, expressing the earnest hope that the plan of education adopted by His Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor, "will be speedily brought into effectual and extensive operation throughout the Colony." I am free to admit that the memorial does not profess to wish Government to establish Schools "without religi- ous instruction." — that would be to upset the memorial in limine ; (1) but I am yet at a loss to discover either from the memorial or the applauded scheme of general educa- tion, where the religious instruction, as a principle of the school, is to be found and hoped for, when it is, if I mistake not, a cardinal point, not only that catechisms of all kinds are to be excluded, but that the slightest com- ment or explanation of the words of scripture is disal- lowed the master. I find therefore that the information I received was correct, that the schools sought to be es- tablished for the lower classes should he those "without religious instruction,"(2) as I believe my informant was, that my name had been mentioned, (whether under a wrong impression or not, I cannot say,) as an induce- ment to Church people to sign an address, the dangerous purport of which unfortunately they were unacquainted with; (3) I therefore enter my solemn protest against the proposed system, and against the way in which the me- morial was got up, as it was not the expression of the opinions of any one body ; and if it were intended to be what it pretends, a general public document, it would have been expected that it should have been submitted to the public through the press or otherwise, previously to its being handed over to the individual who was em- ployed to carry it round for signatures, and notice would nave been given where it was to be seen. It certainly looks very like being purposely kept quiet till the signa- tures were secured, of which there might have been more than a doubt of their being obtained had the Church of England Clergymen been aware of its contents, and the intention to make it appear the representation of the ge- neral feeling. (4) It certainly is not a little remarkable that I never had an opportunity of seeing it, till this day in the Advertiser, while you state that it Is already signed in Launceston by several hundred persona, Churchmen, as well as those who are called Dissenters, among whom are all the nonconforming ministers. Is this indeed the case? I could scarcely credit the testimony of my eyes if I beheld the names of Presbyterian and Weslevan ministers attached to such a document; (5) I know indeed that it Is a principle with some to 'sink all minor mat- ters',— but among these minors are to be found, sir, some principles that strike at the very root of true religion, and stand next to the great key stone of Christianity, the resurrection of Christ,—" In order to struggle for the grand point of reducing all denominations to the same level." (6) I shall not enter upon the great question of this state system of education : enough has been said upon it, both in the colonies and at home ; but I cannot conceive how our wishing the Government to enable each denomina- tion to educate their own children as they think proper, or else to leave all alone, can be thought illiberal, or likely to peril the harmony of the members of the vari- ous Christian Churches, with which, you justly observe —and with what sincerity, and success you are aware— I have professed to associate on the common grounds of Christian love t and which I trust through the grace of God I shall be enabled to continue ; preserving also the same uncompromising attachment to the principles of our Apostolic Church, and readiness to guard against error the people over whom I have been made the honoured but unworthy watchman. (7)— I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. H. BROWNE. The above letter appears in last week's Chronicle, addressed to the Editor of this journal. We were duly furnished with a manuscript copy, from which we print; and from which we cer- tainly should have printed, in justice to Dr. Browne, and the cause he has enlisted in, even had the letter not first appeared in the Chronicle. The nature of the danger to which the people of his charge were exposed, by the publication of the anathematised memorial, and our remarks on the doctor's "notice," last week, made it, we suppose, a case of urgent stale necessity, that not a moment should be lost in promulgating to the faithful, a further protest against the govern- ment Scheme of Education. The cause is bad enough in which the Doctor is engaged — but we have never Been a bad cause so badly de- fended, as in this exhibition. But we must come to the letter. (1) The doctor sets out by admitting that he is now con- vinced the memorial does not profess to wish government to establish schools "without re- ligious instruction" — but no longer ago than last week he unreservedly advertised, with some show of exultation, that the prayer of the me- morial was to this effect. This it was that we complained of, that the memorialists were thus maligned ; and, after so unqualified a statement, we should have been pleased that the confession of his present conviction were made with a better grace. (2) This paragraph proves to us, the com- plete ignorance at present pervading the doctor's mind, of the System of the British and Foreign School Society. All sectarian catechisms are it is true excluded — as they ought to be, from any just system of National Education. So also any proselyting "comment or explanation" of the master. But the plan adopted hero is to be, as near as local circumstances will allow, the system of the British and Foreign School So- ciety ; and had the doctor been acquainted with that excellent system, in condemning and de- nouncing which he is so zealous, he would have known that "the schools sought to he established" in Van Diemcn's Land, were schools of a truly religious character — and therefore that the in- formation supplied him, in reference to the absence of religious instruction in the schools, was, to use the mildest term that can be ap- plied to wanton mis-representation, incorrect. (3) We repeat, it is untrue that any such use of the doctor's name, was ever attempted to be made. The fact indeed being, that the ma- jority of the professed members of the episco- palian communion are not with their clergy, rendered it unnecessary any such base attempt; whilst the fact at the same time being that it was generally known that Dr. Browne could not, consistently with his public profession of hostility to the scheme, approve of a memorial in support of the government, gives good ground for believing that such mis-representation, as is here complained of, could not have been suc- cessfully made : to say nothing of the guarantee afforded against such a course, in the respecta- bility of the parties concerned. As to the ' dangerous purport' of the memorial, it speaks for itself,— its enemies themselves being judges. (4) The Doctor had certainly an undisputed right lo enter his "solemn protest" against the system ; if, after carefully examining it, he con- scientiously considered it an erroneous one. The memorial which he is so violent against does not, however, pretend to be "a general public document" — nor could the most sanguine of its originators have hoped it would approach so near to "a representation of the general feeling" as it appears likely, thanks to the opposition of the clergy, it will now become. But there has been no attempt to proclaim it such. It purports to be the expression of individual opinion : of the opinion alone of those persons who sign it. And if Dr. Browne will take the trouble to refer to our paper of the 21st of November, be will find a copy of a memorial against the scheme, which is equally open with the present memorial to the complaints here expressed, but which we can shew are ill-founded. That me- morial commences in like terms with the present — "We, the undersigned members and friends of the United Church, of England and Ireland.' In our condemnatory remarks upon that address we did not attempt such a ground of oppo- sition as the reverend gentleman assumes against the memorial now in question. We knew well that it was a memorial expressive of personal opinion ; and that those memorialists did not (as the present memorialists do not) attempt to pass it off as emanating from the public at large. In reference to that address — which we shall term the opposition address— it was publicly notified, exultingly, that it was cir- culating far and wide for signature ; winning in its way an overwhelming expression of appro- bation of its prayer, and reprobation of Sir John Franklin's proposed system ; and in every district hailed with joy, as affording an oppor- tunity for good churchmen to rally round their ever- watchful spiritual guardians. We ventured to question whether so monstrous a mass of mis-statement would be so numerously signed, as predicted ; and we further had the temerity to assert that "at any rate an equal number of "Episcopalians would be found to approve of "the government scheme, if an attempt were "made that way." This attempt has been made : and whilst we are left to ask where is the famous opposition address ? and echo answers— where ? a triumphant result has followed the attempt to support the government in their work. In every district the memorial in support of Sir John Franklin has been numerously signed ; and it speaks well for the liberality of the members of the English church— whose clergy are nearly unanimous against the scheme — that the great majority of intelligent and respectable men amongst them appear in favor of the system. As to there being 'more than a doubt' of sig- natures being obtained to the memorial, "had the Church of England clergymen been aware of its contents,' we utterly contemn so gross a libel upon the understandings of the members of the Episcopalian communion. If indeed we for a moment doubled their sincerity, or could believe that they would have been blindly led to resist the honest convictions of their own minds, by the influence of their clergy, we should set small value upon their signatures. But our conviction is contrary to this ; we be- lieve them to be influenced by a sound liberality of sentiment, and by principles of strict equity, in reference to the impartation of national edu- cation. (5) We are here supposed to have made a slip in referring to all the non-conforming minis- ters having signed the memorial ; and the doctor asks, is this indeed the case? Well, it is the ease, in the sense in which we used the term — namely, in place of the term dissenting. The Presbyterian and Wesleyan ministers have not signed. But softly. Doctor; you have not heard, perhaps, that the Presbyterian clergy- man's name goes before the government as sup- porting their plan in another form; the Presbytery of Van Diemen's Land warmly approving of the scheme, as a System of National Education. The Wesleyan minister happens to have been at Port Phillip, or his name would certainly have appeared lo the memorial. But what of the absence of his name? There is not a lead- ing name of the Wesleyan connexion absent from the document — and, moreover, on this side of the island at least, that body are warmly attached to the Government plan. (6) This paragraph, written in a spirit and temper which we can but regret, we pass over. We know that it is unjust : we feel that there is scarcely a member of the Church of England in the Colony who will not repudiate the senti- ments here expressed against those Christians who do not happen to agree in non-essentials with the Episcopalians. (7) The last paragraph of the letter is readily answered. The clergy are not thought illiberal for the reasons therein set forth ; but because they oppose the proposed system by misrepre- sentation and calumny. We bear cheerful tes- timony lo the reverend gentleman's Christian association with various churches, in the pro- motion of general good; and none more than ourselves can admire consistency in matters of religious belief. And, therefore, although hold- ing as perfectly ridiculous the boasted apostolical succession of the Church, we shall ever be de- lighted to see those who honestly hold such views, uncompromising in their attachment to principles, and ever watchful to guard against what they shall deem to be error. But let Such be careful that they do not refuse to others the liberty they ask for themselves. As to the Government Scheme of Education, we need scarcely repeat that it is the only prac- tical, because the only honest scheme, that can be adopted for this colony, as a national scheme. If any body of Christians should be found, who, after careful examination, consistently dissent from the scheme, let them adopt the Voluntary System and have their own schools ; and thus exhibit a practical illustration of the sincerity of their dissent. We must now go back to the second paragraph of the letter, to meet the assertion there made, that the System of Education, sought to be sup- ported by the memorialists, is one excluding "religious instruction." We have before us a paper called "A Day at the Borough Road School." This paper exhibits examinations of the several classes, and gives an authentic account of the replies made by the boys ; exhibiting a lively and interesting detail of the day's labour, which effectually replies to the allegation that the British and Foreign School Society excludes "religious instruction." Let the members of the Episcopalian Church read this ; and let them say, whether the plan is not one to which they can heartily subscribe. The Borough Road School is the model school in England, of the British and Foreign School Society. The course of instruction is generally divided into eight classes — the first, second, and third reading classes being confined to the alpha- bet and words of three letters. We will com- mence our extracts with the Fourth Class— Words or Four Letters. Mind.— Spoil mind. What is mind? The thinking part of man —What is the most important subject we can think about? Religion.— What is religion? Thinking about God and doing his will. —What do you think you ought to do? Pray to him, praise him, keep his word.— What do you mean by keeping his word ? Obey what he says. —Where do you find what God says? In the Bible.— What is said there that we ought to do? To love God, to fear him. Another boy: To love our parent, to love one another.— Ought you to have anything? Yes, sin. —What is sin? Breaking of God's law. Another: Wickedness.— How could you sin against your father and mother? By not doing what they bid us, not to love them.— Tell me something you might do in school that would be sin. To strike a boy, not mind our monitor. —If a boy was to strike you, what ought you to do ? Forgive him.— How often? Always.— Who was struck and would not strike again? Jesus Christ.— Who struck him ? The soldiers. What did Jesus say when he was ill used? Father, forgive them: they know not what they do.— What putt of the Lord's Prayer speaks of for- giveness ? Forgive us our trespasses. [So the 5th class, which reads easy portions of Scrip- ture; and the 6th class, which reads selections of Scrip- ture of a more advanced kind. We proceed to the 7th class, reading extracts from the Old and New Testament.] JOHN V. Ver. 39. "Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me." What is meant by search ? To look into, to look after. —What is the scripture ? The holy writings ? What are these called? The Bible and Testament— Who wrote the scriptures ? Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.— Name some of these? [Most of the writers of the Old and New Testament were here named.]— What difference is there in the holy writings? Some are historical, some prophetical, and some epistolary. — Who wrote most of the epistles? 1'aul.— What were the scriptures written for ? Our learning ? What else ? To show the way to eternal life —What else? "For doctrine, for correction, for in- struction in righteousness."—Show me some part of the scriptures that applies to doctrine ? Jesus said, "Ye must be born again." Another boy : "He that be- lieveth on the Son, hath everlasting life." Another boy: "For he is a propitiation for our sins ; and not for our sins only, but for the sins of the whole world;" "He that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved;" "For as oft as ye do eat of this bread, and drink of this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till be come;" "There are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost; and these three are one." Another boy: " Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called ; and whom he called, them he also justified ; and whom he justified, them he also glorified."— Tell me some passage that affords reproof? "Lying lips are an abomination to the Lord."— Some passage that speaks of correction and retribution? Ananias and Sapphira struck dead for lying. Eli was suffered to die at the news of the ark being taken, for not correcting his sons. Absa- lom for rebelling against his father. Herod, for his cruelty, for slaying the children died miserably. Ahab for coveting Naboth's vineyard. Adam and five. Cain was a vagabond.— Some passages that speak of instruc- tion? "Go to the ant thou sluggard." "Let him that stole, steal no more." "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart. Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."— Did our Saviour ever give any general maxim of instruction? "Whatsoever therefore ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them" [We now arrive at the concluding portion of this interesting examination. ] — Eighth Class — Reading— Religious Instruction. We now proceeded (say the examiners) to the exami- nation of the Eighth Class, or boys who read in the Bible and the Society's book of extracts, in which are comprised the monitors, and from which the monitors are selected. The aggregate number of this class is 230, being nearly hair the school. The chapter selected by us was the third chapter of Daniel. The reading, upon the whole, was satisfactory ; but in so large a claw, as might be supposed, was unequal. I was enabled to ascertain, that those were the best readers who had worked their way regularly through all the tower classes ; and the reading of these was such as to leave little to be wished ; it was slow, clear, distinct, and natural in tone and manner; as unlike ge- nerally, in what are termed charity schools, as can be supposed. After the chapter had been read, we ques- tioned the class, and here subjoin our interrogations and the answers returned. Daniel III. What have you been reading? An account of the deliverance of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.— Of what nation were these three persons? Israelites.— Why were they called Israelites? Because they descended from Israel, or Jacob.— When was Jacob's name changed to that of Israel ? When he wrestled with the angel.— Who was Nebuchadnezzar? King of Babylon.— Where was Babylon? On the river Euphrates. —Into what part of the ocean does the Euphrates fall? Into the Arabian Gulf. — Do you read of the Euphrates any where else in the Bible? Yes ; it was one of the rivers that went through the garden of Eden.— What kind of a city was Babylon? [Here, in reply to numerous ques- tions concerning ancient Babylon, of the prophecies concerning its fall or desolation, of their fulfilment, and of its present state, we received the most comprehensive and satisfactory answers.] — Where were the Jews at the time of this occurrence? In Babylon—##### what circumstances were they there? They had been taken captives.— Why did God suffer those; to be taken captives to whom he had afforded so many signal deliverances? Because they disobeyed God, and transgressed very much after the abominations of the heathen, [Here the 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th verses of the 36th chapter of Chro- nicles were repeated by several of the class.]— What was the great abomination of the heathen? Idolatry. — Do you recollect whom God called, at some remote period, from the idolatary of the very nation of which you have been reading? Abraham —What did he say to him ? Arise, get thee out of thy country and from thy kindred. —Did the Jews ever before forget God and become idolators? Yes, several times. — Name some or the in- stances ? One boy : When they worshipped the golden calf. Another boy: When they made their children pass through the fire to Moloch, and worshipped Baal. Another boy: Jeroboam made two calves of gold, and said, Behold thy gods which brought thee out of the land of Egypt— Was Jeroboam punished for this? Yes, his hand was withered.— Where did the Jews, in all proba- bility, become acquainted with the worship of a calf? In Egypt. —Why ? Because the Egyptians worshipped he ox Apis, their principal god. — Do you remember any other nations addicted to idolatry? Yes; the Greeks and Romans ? Who were the principal gods of the Greeks Jupiter, -Mars, and Apollo, &c.; — Do you know of any other ancient nations idolators ? Yes : the ancient in- habitants of England.— What were their objects of wor- ship? The Sun, Moon, Tuisco, Woden, Thor, Eriga, and Saturn, from which are derived our days of the week — In the homage paid to the idol, who was the real receiver of it? Nebuchadnezzar. — Did all give him this homage? All but the Jews —Can you tell me the mo- tive of those that accused the Jews? One boy: Envy Another: Malice.— What is the difference between envy and malice? Envy is, being pained at another's happi- ness; malice, wishes to deprive him of it. What does malice lead to ? Murder, sometimes.— Give me an in- stance? Cain and Abel ; Joseph and his brethren : and Satan, when he tempted Eve.— Did the malice of the Chaldeans have this effect on Shadrach. &c.; ? No; be- cause God delivered them.— Why did he deliver them? Because they had faith— What is faith? Belief and confidence in the promises of God.— What means did God use to deliver them? He sent his angel into the midst of the flame. — Whom did this angel resemble ? "The form of the fourth is like the Son of God."— Who is the Son of God? Jesus Christ ? Where did Christ come from? From heaven. — Prove that from scripture? One boy : "Before Abraham was. I am." Another boy : "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." Another boy: "The second man is the Lord from heaven." Another boy: "Jesus said, I came from heaven, not to do my own will." Another: "For by him were all things created that are in heaven, or that are in earth, visible and visible."— Where did Christ first appear? At Beth- lehem.— In what form? He was born of the Virgin Mary; he came as a child. — Was it prophesied that he should do this? "Behold, a virgin shall conceive and bear a son," &c.; "Unto us a child is burn, unto us a son is given," &c.;— What did Christ come into the world to do? To save the world.— Give me some passages to prove this? "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only-begotten Son." Another boy: "This is a faith- ful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners." Another boy: "Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins." Another boy : "All we like sheep have gone astray, and turned every one to his own way, and the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all."— Who are sinners? All people. — Prove this? "All have sinned, and come short of the glory of God ; there is none righteous, no, not one."— Why was it necessary that Christ should come into the world for the salvation of sinners? Because, if he had not died, all mankind must have been lost.— What did Jesus Christ do then to save mankind? Died on the cross.— How does his dying on the cross save them? Because he died in their stead.— Prove this from scripture? "For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God." — But had God nothing to do with man's salvation? "God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them." Another boy : "He made him to be sin for us that knew no sin, that we might be made the righteous- ness of God in him : whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation, through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God"— &c.; &c.; We have here given A Day at the Borough Road Schools — and we ask is the instruction religious or not ?* We confidently leave it in the hands of the public, satisfied that the intro- duction of such a system here, if properly and zealously carried out, will be productive of much good. * Can anything like such results be shown under any other system, In England, or elsewhere. When it is considered that the questions here proposed, and the answers given, were extem- poraneous, we defy the most determined opponent of the system to produce a parallel example, out of the British Schools. The Minerva, schooner, the property of Messrs. Henty and Co., reported in our paper of the 19th ultimo, to be ashore at Portland Bay, we are sorry to say has not been got off. The Messrs. Henty advertise for tenders for the work. The master and crew have come up in the Mary. The vessel and cargo were insured. The Melrose, 288 tons, bound from New Zealand to Port Phillip, put into George Town, on the 31st December, for refreshments. Ticket-of-Leave Men.— We understand that ticket-of- leave men in this and neighbouring districts, are de- manding 25s. to 30s. per acre for reaping, besides rations and the usual supply of beer or other liquor. The au- thorities will surely interfere to prevent such a combina- tion. We are desirous at all times to see the laborer well paid; but an advance of 100 per cent is rather too much ; and if such cases of extortion should come be- fore the police we are satisfied that In this district at least, steps will be token to prevent their recurrence. A Sermon was preached on Sunday evening in Frederick-street chapel, by the Rev. J. West, colonial missionary, before a numerous congregation, on occasion of the recent death of the Rev. Mr. Williams, A col- lection was mode after the service, in aid of the "Widows' Fund" of the London Missionary Society, amounting to £13 7s. [As there may be many persons desirous of adding to this amount, previously to its transmission to England, donations will be received at the office of this paper.] 