Rulers have called the vrivate man the property of the State, meaning generally by the State, themselves, and thus the many have been sacrificed to the few, and have even believed that this was their highest destination. These views cannot be too earnestly withstood.— CHANMNG. As will be seen by our Reports, the Legislative Council met on Saturday last, to advise the Governor on certain measures of his Government. With the .example of Mr. Gregory's dismissal before the Members, this advice amounts not to one shade beyond the mere ghost of an absurdity,— for who can conscienciously give his vote in opposition to the Governor, unless he is prepared to take the consequences. Captain Feu ton has been sworn an adviser, in place of Mr. Kerr. We hope he will prove sufficiently independent to do his duty, but how he, or any man of respectable public character, could have been found to take a seat at the table of the Legislative Council, under existing circumstances, is to us astonishing. We ask, what on earth use is it to the community, the meeting of such a Council? Would not the unofficial gentlemen shew their real dignity of character more by retiring, than by remaining ? Are they not the mere scape-goats to save the Governor from the consequences of mis-government ? We say, that they should leave bim to carry on the farce of legislation, and retire whilst they can do so with credit—before they have been called upon to commit some act oi'monstrous inconsistency, which will compromise them in the opinion of the people, who will (there cannot be a doubt) very soon require their services in a different shape. If, Gentlemen of the Council, you really are so sufficiently patriotic as to desiie the permanent welfare of the community, you will reflect seriously on the consequences of your present position—you will shrink from the discredit of appearing to be, what in reality you are not—the representatives of the people. Until representation is given by election, you are merely the nominees of the Crown ; a part only of the machinery by which the Government—the existing form of Government—is kept together. The abrupt, the unparalleled outrage upon justice and common decency, perpetrated by the dismissal of Mr. Gregory, the late Colonial Treasurer, is, or should be, a sufficient cause for your evincing that spirit, without which no public man can be said to be worthy the least consideration. Now is the time for you to evince to the Colony, and to the world, that you are deserving the confidence of the public. Now is the time, for you to Bhow thateven in this Penal Settlement English feeling is not altogether extinct. What will the Archbishop Whately and Dr. Dickenson say after the loads of abuse which have been heaped upon them, when they learn that, from the Legislative Council, a Member has been ignominiously expelled for acting upon the dictates of his conscience, and for not having violated the sanctity of his oath ? Gentlemen, will ye permit this gross insult to pass without some public testimonial to show, that you, at least, are not slaves—that you, at least, are not the mere automatons, the mandarins, to perform in the political pantomime of a Van Diemen's Land Legislative Assembly? We did hope that, with this specimen of power before you, and the insult inflicted on each of you by its exercise, you would each, and every one of you, have left the Council after the first act of the performance, the introduction of a successor to Mr. Gregory, unless that matter been at the time satisfactorily explained. Had you done so, where would His Excellency the Governor have been ? " what mould they have said in England ?" It would have been a lesson to the Colonial authorities, at home and abroad. You would have had the honor, and the credit of having crushed the attempt to iule with an iron rod, where justice, and common sense only are required ; but we will not give up all hope of your acting honorably and consistently. We will wait the result, merely with these questions in the meantime:— How can you consent to sit in a Council, a supposed deliberative Assembly, where you can propose nothing which does not emanate from the Government ? Of what earthly use can be your services on any question where you are sure to be outvoted ? Where, then, is the utility of your attendance ? Why not leave the Governor, and his satellites, to move unimpeded in the system created by the Home tiovernment for them to revolve in ? Why waste your time in hearing, and in tacitly submitting to the compromise of your own honor, comfort, and independence ? That you should do so, is to us astonishing—that you will continue to do so, we will not believe. W'E have reason to believe it to be the intention of the unofficial Members of the Council to resist the passing of the Eoad, and Paving and Lighting Acts, on the ground of the illegality of taxing the community, unless through the medium of a representative Government elected by the people. We hope they will do so; but, of what use will be their opposition ? They are sure to be outvoted. By their presence they will afford a character to the measure, which may give it an appearance of law. How much better then would it not be to leave (as we have before said) these questions to be settled by the strong arm of poiver. Again we repeat, let the unpaid Members instantly retire from the Council, and from the unequal contest. Let the Governor form a new Council—he can do so, and he can take the consequences. We ask any man whether this would not very soon settle the question of Colonial misrule in this Colony ? The farce has continued long enough to nauseate the audience. In mercy, and in consideration for your own characters, Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, let us implore you to drop the curtain. 