THE NEW INDEPENDENT CHAPEL IN SOUTIJ AUS- 1 TRALIA. We subjoin the address delivered by the Rev. T. Q. Stp.w, on laying the foundation of the imw independent phapel, ip Preemap- streety.AdpJt|te. \Ve regret to observe that the Rev. C. B. Ho\yar4 did not unite with the Weslevan and Presbyterian ministers in the devotional exercises. This conies, no doubt, of South Australia being held to be within the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Bishop of Australia ; for the Colonial Chaplain has uniformly shown a disposition to fraternize with the Christian ministers of other deno minations on all proper public occasions. In his address Mr. Stow glances at the progress of the colony in various directions, in terms which coming from such a man must convey tp the mind of every reader a strong impression of its success ; and we again congratulatp the 'founders of the colony on the fulfilment of their enlightened yyih tiiqt its monil advancement might keep pace with jts econo mical prosperity. From the Southern Australian, Dec. 12, 1839. On Monday last, pursuant to notice previously given, tlie foundation stone ot the Congregational Church in Freeman-street was laid in the presence of numerous spectators by the ltev. T. Q. Stow. The service was conducted as follows: — first, a hymn was sung, which was followed by prayer offered by tlie Rev. Mr. Drummond, of tlie Presbyterian Church. — Next followed the peculiarly appropriate address of Mr. Stow, and the ceremony of laying the stone. After which another hymri was sung, and the Rev. Mr. Longbqttom concluded with prayer. The service was suitable and solemn. The following was the substance of Mr. Stow's Address : Christian Friends, and Fellow-Colonists, Most appropriately are we occupied to-day, as early settlers in a' new land. As colonists, it is our proper business to lay foundations. It is the occupation of our lives. In our very persons and in our families we are laying the foundation of future population and nationality. On this sentiment poets have dilated and indulged; but it has little charm for me, apart from reli gious considerations and religious hopes. We may however rejoice that we are called upon to extend tlie boundaries of the human family, not in an age in vvhicli to extend those boundaries was to extend tlie range of darkness and wretchedness and crime; in an age, when to multiply human beings was to furnish new subjects of woe ; new vassals to op pression, and new victims to despair ; in an age when to increase mjfi- kind, was to deepen the tones of that groan qf distress, uttered by q, creation travailing together even until now. We may rejoice that we are called to take tfiisTpWC in ah age'h£;hope and' anrage of promise ; when vast meliorations have already, passed upon society ; when great improve ments are. still going" on; when the light of science, of liberty and more especially of religion, is fast travelling from land to land '; and when that calmer, purer, brighter, happier day, foreseen by the eye of God, and fore told by the lips of God, shall settle upon all nations. But moreover, we are laying the foundations of support and competence in our live stock and our agriculture. And as we listen to the bleatings of our first flocks and the lowings of our first herds, we may well raise our hearts in thankful admiration of the foresight and graciousnesss of that Providence, which for the last half century, has been in the sister colo nies, preparing for. us those means of subsistence, of comfort, and of future . wealth. And as we gaze with delight upon the cultivated patches re covered from the wilderness, and exult over the mellowed crops, even now waving heavily to the breeze, we may well praise the All Bountiful, who in these ends of the earth is mindful of his ancient promise, which is as vital, as germinant, and as fruitful as ever .—" Summer and winter, seed-time and harvest, shall continue to. the end of the world." v ' We are also laying the foundations of commerce. We are doing this with the mercantile respectability of our province, our opening ports, our projected piers and wharfs, and our multiplying shipping. And we may fvell rejoice in these facilities and securities for convenience, for comfort and advancement ; in these means of connexion with all that is intelli- gerit, great, or good, throughout the whole globe ; and in these promises, not of aggression, conflict, and conquest, but of fraternal interchange and reciprocal benefit with every nation of the earth. We are likewise, laying the foundations of social order. And we are doing this broadly, on the wide basis of British law. Let us be thankful that We are not thrown upon these shores, a disorganized, confused, anarchical multitude, without the presence, the operation and restraints of law, with all the attendant miseries of such a state; that we. have guarantees for the safety of life and property, securities for liberty and right, redress of jnjuries and wrongs, as sure and as substantial as if in our father-land. We are laying the foundations of intelligence ; and for our purpose we have, what, without vanity, we may venture to call, the large aggregate of mind and science, inherent in our young community ;- our private libraries, those conservators of a nation's mind; our literary and scientific institutions ; our South Australian School Society; our private educa- cational establishments; our domestic training ; our periodical literature, wafted to our shores in every British vessel that enters our ports. It is pleasant thus to feel that we are not cut off from the world of mind ; that we are not exiles and outcasts from the republic of letters ; that we still hold connexion with the great kingdom of science; that the mental influences of Britain come upon us vital and fresh as if we were upon her shores. : We are also laying the foundations of ecclesiastical polity. And we may congratulate each other that we are not to build upon the antiquated rubbish of Papal Rome; nor do we choose that flinty, vitriolic, brittle material-estate enactment in religious things. Nor are we better pleased with that modern expedient, for principle we dare not call it— State support to all sects apd denomination's. This is a composition far too soft and lubricous and deceptions for our purpose. Nor may we safely build upon that sandy, shifting, heterogeneous mixture — mere popular choice, whether in the civic or parochial form. We place for our foun dation, the genuine freestone, cut from the quarry of divine revelation— the t? willing mind.t' the willing mind— the willing mind— sanctioned, prompted, guided, attempered, by tlie word and by the Spirit of the living God. f Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Independents, Baptists, Wesleyans, alt may dig at this quarry, and may raise upon this common foundation, though with diversified orders and dimensions, and with varied and perhaps unequal taste and skill, yet may. they raise goodly and con venient structures, the moral ornaments of the Province, and blessings to the isles of our Southern Seas, and even to the continents of the teem ing East. But what is more important, and more pertinent to the present occa sion, -ywe are laying the foundations of religion fo r our community. And Coe this purpose, we take the book of God, unadulterated, the great guide of our faith and conduct; the standing ministry of a pure Gospel.; the organization of Christian churches ; the observance of the Sabbath, and all the ordinances of the Christian ritual ; the religious training of youth, \vith the zealous and benevolent efforts of Christians to spread the Gos pel and benefit the souls of men. But we would not forget that founda tions must he laid, more deep, more close than this. Thc.y must be laid personally, in every man's conscience, and every man's heart. We must each lay. the foundation of repentance towards God, and of simple faith in Jesus Christ, as the only way of justification ; the love of God shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven ; an obedient principle, a holy taste, a spirit of devotion, gracious affections, godly purposes, holy motives— these are the basis of piety in the people. To possess these qualities, is " to lay in a good foundation for the time to come." It is to he " builded together an habitation of God through the Spirit." Itis to build upon the 'foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus i Christ himself being the chief corner- stone." It is to build for eternity. It is to build our house, not on the sand hut on a rock ; and when the floods shall come and the winds shall blow, and beat upon that house, it shall not fall, for it is founded upon a rock. It shall last ijjfhen all human things shall dissolve, when worlds shall crash, and sytcnis fall. Amidst the wreck and ruin of all earthly things, it shall stand, the imperishable and everlasting monument of the 'power and grace apd skill of that Pod that built it. IJnless w j lay these foundations, in vain is it that any others are laid. Ip. vain is it that the social, tliq commercial, the intellectual bases are laid, if religion be neglected. This is to give stability and grace, end and utility, to them all. A people without piety is a people wretched; a nation without God, is a nation lost. Without religion/better that wo had neyer visited these shores— better far that the untrodden solitudes of these fair portions of the earth had remained for ever in their loneliness, than that they should be tenanted by a godless people who shall but degrade and pollute them by their vices, their follies, and their crimes. This it is which gives so much importance to our present engagement. Hpvv full ot interest the proceeding pf this morning, related as it is to consequences va?t, delightful, -and unending ! Memorable and auspicious hour ! in which we lay the first stone of an edifice for God, an edifice for the Gospel, an edifice for the cliprch, aq edifice fqy ouls ! Here shall f>e poclaimecf " t' gforiou gqspej. ' of ib'e blessed God." Heme the praises |iu('grajrer4!pf tjje church hall ascend YtFGo'tl. Ifejre God shall feff pr$p$e'' to be' yvUh'hfo "assembled pepIe'and fnandfe'st his glory. 'Hdre jielfovers' sh'air'rece. gTaci'ou's 'visitations— " seasons, of refreshing from fhe ppespncO' oF tlie ' Lord ' '— all clijpi encal 91$. yiioifn'ry' 6/th'e'<froridlYng)'h.ut"aU reality and substancO'hrid gloryfp tli'qse who have s.e.en and' tiist'ecl and' handled of the ivord of life/ Here tjfo foqrjs of the penitent sliijdV flow— the hard heart shall Ijrbak, and pour forfli 'its tjepp stream of godly "sorrow before 'the Lor cf!' " Here' tlie hurtljpbed hq agitated conscience 'shall fincl peace at"the sjghF'of ih'e cross. Here many ap aching, sorrowing spirit, shall he niade 'fo rejoice with jqy unspeakable and fiul' qfgfory.' Here our' families sfiall' Vesef:fr, fttid be trained fpr' God, and for 'immortality, ft ere tlie yoitth of'o'ur pity shall imbibe jrrmqlpfos yyfrieh'hbaU lie their' guard amidst 'tpe Vfie and hateful corruptions of the \yorfd. And here' the aged Christian sliall bend liis weary steps, apd his, faded eye shall belightetrup with,'lhq'ho'pes pf that " fompfo not made with handsf in the etenud ffefivens," wlm'hife is spspon tp, glitzy." Tliopgh rye tljps speak, it is nhtiii hp spirif of yajfn h,bastui'g or selfrC.qpficjqbeq. |).elieye in Qod yveFeJ'ydve 'ifsojii his o(p J esus Plirist i we believe in tfje ftoly Ghost. ' Herjce' we $$$ filings. The God of Heaven, he will prosper lis tMreforp vve hisserv yaiits will arise apd D.uii|." ' v ''s f";? 8 The ground on which the Congregational PJmp.gl WAS to hp built was generpusly presented by John Bi:own, Esq., in Freeman-street. It was to he completed by the 15th of , Tune, 1840, at a cost of £2,650. 