.. PORT PHILLIP. WE:have received a copy of The Port Phillip Gazette of the 18th ultimo, it is very barren of news:- THE MAIL.-No overland: mail has arrived in Melbourne from Sydney this week.: -Whether this delay is caused by the marauding bushran- gers who seem to have it all their own, way in the interior of the country, or whether: it is the re suit of some untoward accident by flood-or field " we know not; but considering the time that is occupied in its': transit,;o'ur desires cannot be characterized as unreasonable, if we insist that instant measures may be adopted to' iinsure its safe transmission, at thie periods fixed for. its ar rival.-Port Phillip Gazette, January 18. ACCIDENT.--While a party consisting of Mrs. Lonsdale, Mrs. Wills, Mrs. Langhorne, Mrs. Harrison, and. Captain Fyans, were returning in a carriage on the night of Monday last from the ball given by the Bachelors of this place, and while crossing Swanston Street from Bourke Street, the wheels of the carriage sunk deep into one of those unsightly inequalities which so dis- grace the thoroughfares of the town. So sudden and unexpected was the jerk, that the coachman was unseated, and the horses taking fright started off with fearful rapidity into the bush. The frightened horses dashing through the forest brought the wheels of the carriage at full speed against the trunk of a gum.tree; the body was severed by the shock from the pole, and the vehicle itself overturned and crushed. Captain Fyans was thrown out with great violence, frac- turing three of his ribs by the fall, while Mrs. Lonsdale being flung by the concussion against the splashboard, received a cut in her face that has the appearance of having been gashed with a knife or other sharp instrument. We have not been able to learn whether Mrs. -Harrison re- ceived any personal injury, but we understand the nervous system, has been affectied to a degree that may prove dangerous in her present deli- cate state. Captain Fyans, it is to be feared, may have sustained some serious internal hurt. -Port Phillip Gazette, January 18. iPORT. PaHILIP, I POST..OrrrFFI.---We' lately called Mr. Raymond's,;attention to.a description of the Post Offide'epartment; in Port: Phillip given by ThePort.Phillip__ Herald, we will now give hima fact,.which shows the absolute necessity for soime hange. A gentleman of our acquaintande has been in the habit for .the last four months of pu'ting into the SydneylPost" Office, addressed to a friend at: Port Phillip,:thife :Gazettes, three Monitors, two Conrnmercials,.and since the estab lishment of the paper,-twpo. Australasian Chro nicles, rnaking in 'all ten papers '- every week, d:rected, sealed;-'anidput'ii to-the Post Office by himself. On Saturdaylast we saw a letter from PortrPhillip in =which the.ia'rty to. whom these papers should:- have: beehi 3delivered, -states; that out' of the :whole number:.sent he has rieceiveed only twelve; . What has .beconieo;f tht iestT'.i THE FLOATING.- BRIDGE.-Sinder-the-- forma -ion-of the above company--some of the pro prietors: have, thought :of.-iplyi.ifi.i echanical labour instead of,steam for.the-purpose of!trans port. For ourselves. -weprefer, team, but if the bridge was made a'trea ihill4,~ithink it mignt be used very advaintageously between' Sydney South and Sydney.' North. :'. ," , SRECOLLECTIONS OPThRADE IN VAN 'DIEMAN'S iLA?D.-.A ;DIALOGUE.-A. " You: remember C,, doq't you ?,: he, was in town-t'other day and a .:paragraph in the last: CoLoNIsTi put me in mind of' a game he' used' to iplay in: Van Die. man's °Lands :before iihe -thought of coming up here anrd'outbidding, or rather threatening'to out bid;, land ':buhers."'. B, '6 What was i0?" :A. "tWhyI'll tell jo?;' .suppose: you, B., were in b'usiiness, i d. C. "ither had bills of yours,or elshail stiuppliedd. ouiih' goods; well,.a third party?,nmeets hitsn.:?id.says, what do you think oifpB. ?J'm, yqgryiuelh gfraid ;-. things don't .lo ok.:well.': of.:: :would ::immediately say 'What, B. I why I'd.trust hir..with.auything; as gpo'odasthe .baik;,Sir'--Just at-this. time, you, B-, come up,' looking rather glum at C., lest-he-should-be-in- a -hlrry;?- C.- having- his game.in view,;holds out.his han nd lad greets you wartily? ~y' lyea B hivod o 'ye do, glad to hear of your success, want a few words with you, going my way? '?,tbye~iMr--;' (third party) and off C.i wohld.avAlk Witih you. Well, :B., h6w are things:.going.??;I -iiiy,: I've ~goi these bills of yours, . suppose ?ye lump them; give me a warrant 9f Attorney; any.,time, you,; ;know." Tlis, was in the glorious days of rnesne.process, apd you, poorB.;lwithy;all the horrors of a cal sa.tin perspgctive, jump at the idea. But C. had.a stil.further object in.view.. -.He must reap an ample.harvest for this. So he ,says, 1hot are the 'iarklets'i" B;. 'Oliho,' so' C, 'Welli would a couple of "inhd'reds be of any.service to your;"I'llliet y6u ha?e?tliein,?we can lu mp it alli.?ithe, warrant.'- iY6ug poor: B.,? as I called lyou. befor, elated with what you: vairnly imagined to be a- relief frpm your;:temporary. embarrass ments, and rejoicing in the anticipation of credii which might be gained by, going intofa dull market with ready money, close'with your friend C. at onces; The warraht: is signed; C. walks off exultingly?ia:nd ,you g?:into 'the markets, spend your vtwo hundred pounds of 'ready,' and get timen'Ti:or perhiqps d bliehe ae' mount. C., you knowi has'ybur yvar rint, and by the time the go-df :wiiehh yoh?adve boubght to thiee times the vailue f gou kind friend C s .' loin, are delive?1ed"'~d~.iton hia i?used oni ithe w'irant l .The "tblr'dy tj .i no yldoi ohe r ireditors, a.?q Tes'?.onlhhi t..'h been . i.... g . ...In .. RICHARD III.-This magnificen tra ," the Immortal Dramatist was burlesqued' at Victoria. on Monday last; the partof ,CLOS by the "Australian Roscius." recently ret"u?,, from London, where he was announced, trnea told, under the title we have quoted, as .ro tile Theatres Royal Parramatta, Sydneo Hobart Towvn !!!" This indescribable tret 7.1 be renewed on Thursday night! and we Ser.iii advise the'admirers of Shakspeare to pay a "t to the Theatre to witness this unparalleled rit formance! -Arabin is to perpetrate the atrociu,. hero on this occasion: if he does not out-h e his daring rival, the ghost of Shakspeare ,i" ' stalk unobserved" across the boards, - call aloud for vengeance." As for the last Mor day's perf6rmanace, we' have nothing furthrl say : there are some performances that are abo, criticism, and others below it; we need scarcet remarklto which of these classes the performa? iri question belongs. JINGLE'S REPORT.-Letter from Maitland young fellow up there- says country in a shd ing state-all, drowned-no money, of co, every body, going to New' Zealand-numer, firms: too'-large capitals-five pounds, and z thing-young chap says Maitland honour worth "a' stiaw-imusn't 'libel' the townships Governor very unwell-thinking of going homen clhange; of air- climate.too hot for him--d. not so prosperous-Glenlee butter-real, nmind with the stamp sells better.--Haven't found , what mop-yawney meanss-Sir George knots if he doesn't let him ask old Cryptogandtmia heard it often in the olden times-Rose,. and elsewhere.-Flower show Wednesday Colonel couldn't'let them have band-obligedjt send to Parramatta-illiberal, very.-Going let Hyde Park Barrack-no use for clerks-.t the gangs up the country-Major Christie nothi to do-can't do it-snug berth-dare say In, like` to be in it again?-Au revoir.-Jlsc. ScHooL oF AxTs,,-There is a meeting of ? members to-night, and, we hope to see it well a tended;, but:we trust thatrnothing of the disg ful. exhibition which took place at the pu?p meeting will be repeated. The members shout agree amongst. themselves;' they have no reason to quarrel if they have proper objects in view, an the distinctions which some parties attempted raise between natives and. Europeans are in a. ceeding bad taste. The Institution deservesth aid of all, and it has our wairnest wishes for it success, but the members must be unanimous, MESSRS. ROBERTS AND CAVE - Some rumonu have been'afioat" concerning the stability of ,ti firm 'for the last few days. We were hower informed yesterday that the liabilities of the fim amount to 18,0001., and their assets to 23,0O( Arrangements are in progress" to balance allay counts. M1AirTLAD, JANUARY 30.-TheT face of it I country in this district'presents an alarming asp from the late heavy and incessant rains. Tk Hunter has overflowed its banks; the waters i rapidly'rising,' and the bridge leadiig from E: to West Maitland is at the present momen within a few: inches of being covered; greatfean are entertainled for'its safety; drays were pr hibited by magisterial authority from passings: two o'clock this afternoon. Parts of the mat street in West Maitland are covered to the dep, of three and'four feet, and parties in all direction have been busy throughout the day in movingt places of security. One, of Mr. Turner's me was drowned two days since in attempting t swim the creek, the body has not yet been found The consequences to.the settlers in this neigi1 bourhood, and indeed to those situated upon t~ banks of the Hunter generally, are disastrousi the extreme. The late luxuriant crops of maii are covered to the.extent,.of many hundred acre by a " weary waste- of waters," desolating an destroying ,in a day the fruits- of human laboc and industry for months past. In the immedia, vicinity of Maitland the destruction of gmr must be great; by many of the settlers it la been most imprudently stacked in low situatiou land the ricks are already more than half cover, by the floods. The river must have risen to th! height .of between forty and fitty feet, and a fear tilhe worsi has not yet reachied us; thle c munication to the upper district is of coursew tirely obstrtiucted. Furtlfer particulars connectd with the catastrophe shall be forwarded for you next number.-Correspondent. \---Bis'RN~EilRS --We catnnot blame yOUR men who go out into the bush with a determa tion to:risk even their dwn liviis, if necessary,t captuire or destroy: those cuerses of our land, ad whenever they have a safe opportunity of din patching a known character, we advise them t ddsod;but where there is mtich danger, and i adequate resisting force,'we think" prudence l better part of valour." A -short time since 'i stated.ah .instanie of'eoolness evince`d by I! Harper, which caused tie restitution of his n phew's watch,:his own much-loved snuff box,ard eventually the recovery of the whole propenj stolen from him., We have now to relate anoth instance of the same sort which occurred soi feI' weeks .since. . Some- bushrangers, amngst whom were Thompson,commonly called Scotchie who has since been shot, - and Russell, who was captured, attacked 'Captain Papp's store at Coulook, on the Murrumbidgee. They helped themselves to gin and various other refreshments and remained the night.' The next morning a gentleman-came-to the station, on his road to Sydney; the robbers desired him to dismount which he fully intended to do, inasmuch as he was inclined for breakfast. The bushrangers however, wanted all-he had, and he thought it best t.take it " easy" so-he gave them his money amounting to'some twenty pounds. He then took the fellow by the arm' and partook of a glass of grog with him. After some time he said," Well my good fellow, you don't intend to keep all, do you ? . I've nothing else. in the world to get to Sydidey with ,an I'm going there to get a berth, give me half at least." ",W'ell, here 'tis." After some further'chat and conviviality he per suaded him to hand over thewhole. Our friend wasabout to mount his horse when'.the fellow said', " No, no, that's too much, leave us the horse." "Ahl I nonsense man," said the the other "' What's the use of that horse to you, I could afford a better one, but he'll only get you into a scrape if you attempt to ride him; he's regularly shook..Go over to Mr.-___'s he's a rich man and has got lots of fine horses." The fellow leapt on our friend's horse, who thought he had lost him, but he returned in a short time leading another gelding in prime condition. The saddle and bridle were retained but the horse restored and our friend wended 5tis, way on bare'back "' perfectly satisfied at having got off so cheaply -Correspondent...... . :THE -INDIAN PONIrS.--We had just pa,.d the Immigrant Barracks oi Monday, when nere alarmed by a sudden rush of horses, W on making enquiries we found that they we;r portion of the late importations who had escai? from their seducers. They made one andallt wards Government House, and it struck Us the tinie.that they might not be as well satirS with Britislo subjects as the New Zealanders, . had-resolved to put themnselves under t lee , tection of Sir George,. HARTLEY, JANUARY 31, 1840.--CATrnE(I A BUsSRANrGER. -The followPtln is from acmL respondent at Hartley.-." I beg to brng toY: notice a gallant act of a young man, a native' Scotland, called Mr. George Lunn, superintýi dent to John Maxwell, Esq., in apprehendinfl daring bushranger,~ who came to' his aparIme' and presented a loaded gun at him, demand. his monney orzhis' life, when Mr. Lunn, like, hrav Seot, sprung at shim like a'tiger, knoc, him down, deprived himi of hlis arms, and heiI him until 1 came to his a'sistance,. SYDNEY GOAL.-Thomas Witton and Bernard, two, of the bnshraiigers lately capture w?ere lodged in?the Sydney Gaol yesterday ndI charges ,o'",inurder, arson, highway riob anld ?ittackig Mr. Grovernor's house with minti to murder. AE ;Th lstrlian in his endeavours to jr . Tihe" of this colony on a "gentle ;h the p 8; & c., has made some iotio "- ' us in last number. Ve ,nY noan r., inr saw it, until we r t r Sd t th.e bottom of it in last Fri i t0.'sr e cannot be. answerable for 2Is br. ton ders and " cross readings" which corarn bloernerable contemporary's sheet. Ain our frAcKs.'There is a gret deal ,y?D e.,e in this inStiilUtion, in doors mismaao-e VWhen Captain Innes had the id ou door s.u,,perintendence, we rarely ever under his r wandering about or strol asige prion, r running some hundreds of SalOy o ang in order to.make up the sind his gagfrom them and reach the thad ipbut now, although there.is not p r in any one of the streets; we,do i 1hin~s If Captain Innes could prevent lthe:any one else can. ?t l -y any On Sunday last, a man in the AccinfsjJlely had a isarrow escape. H ice dof d" Cas tlereagh Street, near, Cap s resideinc do hen the horse "'bolted." t one slirrupatid was; tlrwn first d Oer te horse's neck and afterwards e~Ord orer his head. He still held the pd the hose reared and fell back upon him fnl ed thr escaped without broken bones. :He eh etunnd and his head was much cut, but re :rd thotly in the hospital to'which he was :red by Captain Innes' orders. EIoF A WOMAN IN THE WATCH-HOUSE. yu woman, a native of the colony, but of dlut habits, was put into the watch- house tuylary alernoon. She was sober, and on Stur inoo d health. Some time, how Ierafter she had been there, the watch-house as told that she was in fits. He sent off haable for the hospital cart, but it was re. , as he had no written order. There must, e o iae, be something wrong here. The next lrCe he went to was Dr. Cummins, in King e, hut the parties whom hlie saw there refused iEe; he then went to Dr. Hosking. Dr. -. fcke; d if the woman were free or bond, efi ing alsed to come. When the watch id finaly refused to come. asiel keeper returned the woman was dead. ajher she might have recovered or not if edical aid had been afforded, we cannot of course say, but we haealways understood it to bea primary duty, in fact, a moral obligation, for sne to atten tto any call in cases of emer . ,It 