THE REVIEW. How now, thou black and midnight hag.-MACBETH. That old harridan the Review is again at her " aunlicnt and fish-like" occupation. She is growing melodious, like a swan at its demise. She strains her throat the more only as her strength decays. This market venderin has been long known to the Police as a purveyor of plaice- and a secret ensconcer of small fry. She reminds one exactly of I a man we read of some years since, who was a filcher of fish, but who strutted through Billingsgate as a perfect Triton among the minnows. He was brought before the ¡ Lord Mayor, and his examination excited much mirth at the trial. The guardian of the market deposed lo having pursued him on one occasion, when, lo ! a quantity of soles darted out from his arms, his throat, and legs, at every step he took. There were soles here-soles there_and soles every where. This accomplished angler had contrived to stow away several dozen of fish about his body, which became flying-fish, as he quickly scoured along past crowds of people convulsed with laughter. The Review being hunted in her unlawful vocation, lets outthe fishwoman with as much volubility as ever the soles rolled from beneath the garments of the piscatory pur- veyor. Oh! flesh, bow art thou fishified. She is, however, a fisher of men, and has carried off beneath her mantle more official souls than one. A good scene might be paraphrased from the tent scene of Richard the Third. We coûtent ourselves with the ghost of Clarence Let me sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow ; I that was washed to death with fulsome wine; Poor Clarence, by thy guile betrayed to death. The old beldame makes a dreadful uproar ; but at every turn of speech she betrays herself. She pours forth seve- ral mortal columns of rage and fury against the Courier, and then appeals to the world in testimony of her extreme equanimity. She defies us to produce any single instance of her abuse ;- and, indeed, it would be doing injustice lo the other portions of her compositions to select any single specimen amongst so many. If we want a monument, we must take the whole. Her colnmns hav« a Doric richness of dialect ubout them that we in vain look for in any other style. There is not a sentence which does not indicate ex. treme feebleness, as well as fury> and that is not swelled out with Witless abuse, or distorted by wretched fabri- cation. The orig-o tnali consists in our having exclusively pub- lished the New South Wales Bill. It was disingenuous it was monstrous-not to add that the Review ami 'Tiser had the same opportunity afforded them, while tho one, from press of matter, avows he was unable to publish it, and the other puffs out half a column about " slips" und types und lateness of the hour, as if the public cared a straw about the " slips" or the Review. What has the Review to say to our announcement of the withdraw al of the Bill, and the substitution of the hist Act which we published? Were the slips too full of wind to bear the burthen ? Its readers, except otherwise informed, must as yet be in the dark upon the subject, and imagine the Review is still contesting for the adaptation of the New South Wales mockery of representation Bill to this colony. The frantic old beldame is literally fighting with images of her own conjuration; for not only has the substance, bul the shadow of the Bill departed, and New South Wales is in the same position as before. Verily, the pas- sion has been torn to taileis. This is a sufficient proof of the undisturbed serenity of her mind. Now wc shall show-from the miserable mean- ness to which she scruples not to descend, in the wilful and wicked perversion of truth, even in trivial things-the extreme importance which she does attach to official shavings. She shall stand comicted by the most natural induction in the world. In au article upon the removal of Captain Boyd, it is stated that-the Adnrtiser Ihus noticed " the elmnges;" and then follows something from 'Tiser about them, after which the Review proceeds-"The Conner then thus re feired to it." Now the truth is-and no one knew it belter than the Review, or was better aware of it at the time he made this wilful misstatemcut-that the announcement of these changes was first made iii the Courier ; but the des- perate industry willi which the fact is purposely trans- posed, infers, as clearly as proof can establish any circum- stance to moral conviction, the extreme importance which the Review attaches to such official information. How pitiful-how contemptible-but how indicative, at the same time, of the falsifying old beldame, arc such paltry artifices ! Yet. if you believe her, she is the most magnani- mous creature in the world ! We only »Dude to this item in this week's budget of Bil- lingsgate, as we would throw a straw upon the waters, lo indicate the natural current of the Review's ingenuousness, candour, aud love of truth. She turns rouud, when we charge her with a subservi- ency to official shavings, and aenp-in-haud tender of her services to the Colonial Secretary, and thus assails us in her usual tu quoque vein-ringing the changes upon our very words, und trying to shift from herself tilt- odiousness of her character by such old-womuiiish sallies us the fol- lowing : " Official shavings" indeed 1 Why, never was there so invete- rate a follower of the official journeymen carpenters as himself. He is as well known to the üoor-keopcrs of every public office, as the postman. A more amusing specimen of ribaldry can hardly be con- ceived than this; for it is evident throughout that the galled jade winces, and what is mirth to us is death to the Review. She is evidently writhing under the infliction of truth, to which she has a kind of antipodean aversion ; but were she as strong as Hercules, instead of being as weak and feeble as her impotent exhibitions of malevolent spite and her wretched railings and revilings prove her to be, truth shall cleave to her like the shirt of Ncssus-she sball lind no repose from the torment of truth-she shall be pursued and hunted like a witch, whose changes are as various as pale Hecate's, the patroness of her tribe, and whose secret iucantations have often curdled the milk of human kindness. Captain Boyd should have been spared the parting eulogy. We can imagine the libation cup poured out on the shore. Like the Roman hero who gave himself up as asaciifice to Carthage, Captain Boyd sets out on a voyage to Downing- street, unappalled by the urray of victims before him. The Review acts the high piiest, aud crowns him willi a festal wreath of flowers. Gu, he says : Idecus I nostrum-melioribus utcrefatis. Go child of hope-" the Pope" hath led the way, And bark, the murmuring breezes chide delay. For Captain Boyd's sake, we do indeed deprecate the damnatory eulogium of the Review, for were Sir John Franklin actuated with auy spirit of ill-feeling towards that gentleman, the very reverse of which has been proved to be the case, in the offer of retirement made to bim by the Local Government, which some might think to be au exercise of generosity at the expense of justice- were he, we say, influenced by any other consideration in Captain Boyd's removal, than the good of the public service, he would only have to forward the last number of the Review to the Secretary of Stale as affording the most conclusive evidence in the world that this act of his go- vernment was peremptorily demanded for the good of the colony. What would the Secretary of State think of the "god son of the Duke of Kent," the stormerof the breaches of Badajoz-of an officer who had long and honourably served his country, becoming the avowed confidante of the Review, which is under the guidance of a'gentleman whose case Sir Samuel Romilly brought before the House of Commons, as stated in the life lately published by his son, but not without some singular and characteristic comments attached to the brief memorial ? What would Lord John Russell think, looking upon that picture, and then looking upon this, which represents the Review as the tres intime of the Survey Office I " Are the results of these, " Physical causes," which any British ofllccr would throw into the teeth of another as reasons for removing him from his ofllee, performed by him as were its duties to the perfect satisfaction of the whole colony-not a single complnint-not one-of any sort or description against him, and the important duties of which he had so industriously and so accurately performed, that even upon so sudden a re- moval, he was enabled to hand over his office to his successor tt'iM two, and only two, wholly unimportant cases, unconcluded, and that they were so depended not upon himself but upon other functionaries of the Government, whosc'timc of removal it is far from improbable may come next, should expediency of any sort require that they also should be removed with certificates of their perfect "honor and integrity 1" There is a dangerous degree of knowledge betrayed here which must make every colonist alarmed. It is precisely of the kind exhibited by Mike Lambourne, when at the Oxford inn in company with the mercer Gold thred, and must have a similar effect upon the nerves of the community. Mike Lambourne is a gentleman of very doubtful reputation indeed-a roving swash buckler, who returns to his native town of Oxford, as a retainer of the Earl of Leicester. " I tell thee what, thou thin-faced gull," said Michael Lam- bourne, in high chafe, " I will wager thee fifty angels against the first five shelves of thy shop, numbering upward from the false light, with all that is on them, that I make Tony Foster come down to this public-house before we have finished three rounds." " I will lay no bet to that amount," said the mercer, some- thing sobered by an oiler which intimated rather too private a knowledge, on Lambournc's part, of the secret recesses of his shop, " I will lay no such wager," he sour*; "but I will stake five angels against thy five, if thou wilt, that Tony Foster will not leave his own roof, or come to alehouse after prayer time, for thee or any man." The Review knows rather too much of the Survey Office than would seem to be consistent with the safety of the public. We shall not revert to the alleged " causes" of Captain Boyd's removal from ofh'ce, so indecently and unfeelingly handled by the Review. It will only be necessary to state, that the complaints made against him called for his removal, yetwith unblushing effrontery the confidante puts forward the following : " Without a single complaint on the part of a single colo- nist in the whole island, Captain Boyd is removed train his office." We have compared the Review to a Upas tree. The True Colonist appears anxious to be its parasite. It would indeed be a pity to dissever the sycophantic vermin in- fected plant from its "old friend." Sambo will do all dirty work ; he appears to love the smell of that Augean stable he is so fond of dwelling upon. Mr. Jones is to be his Hercules, but lie fears he is going to be sacrificed. Has Sir John Franklin, he asks, heard anything of our second despatches ? " Our first, we were told, were not 1 worthy of a reply. What then ? We can take a slap in the face as a matter of course. Our second despatches will do the trick. Has Sir John Franklin heard anything of our Jingle despatches? Oh I but tlipre is our last despatch-our probationary despatch-our Ikey Solomon" despatch-that must assuredly create a great impression. Has Mr. Jones got any despatches? What has become of his miraculous conversion ? Where are his multitudinous evasions? Is he sure that he was forced to eat humble pie at the bidding of Captain Forster, or that he com- plained of being waited upon with a hostile message by a coroner ? Oh ! dreadful retrospect I His mind is a per* feet web of wiles. Sambo's personal guesses at ourselves aro amusing. Why guess Sambo? That suits your purpose, for you well know that truth must give you the lie, and the nearer you approach that the more distant you would be from your particular object. You are content with your respectability, in being the (ail of Mr. Joues. You are a bonny appendage. It is a great pily, however, for your emploi cr, that there are such things as an English bar and an Oxford circuit on record, lhere are certain pursuits not altogether compatible with the i cspectalnlitij of those gentlemen, although a colonial appointment tnav occasionally be smuggled. Vtrbum sap i-uiubol Look toil. Inti gi Hy indeed. Pshaw! We have had speci mens enough of it here, without seeking an example 6 latí where To icturn to the «'old fiiend," it maybe as «eil to slate, biondlv, and plainly, tint its representative offend rosi//Mr Gicruty lepeatedh.at the price of its own de- gradation, lhere is no mistake about it What an opinion the RLULW must baie of its own uicoiruptibility, «hen it thus condemns itself.it the same time that it ofiers to perpetrate an aetof baseness Hie íc¿w<.u>veoied its eolours some time since in the hope of getting under the lee of Captain foislcr and Government House. We noticed its turning and tacking, and fulsome flattei y ad - ministered to the Colonial Suretary, even to the most nauseating disgust. Cipttui loistei would not swallow it, and then eame the Bishop and lawn sleeves, and the rojalty pageant, to which the 3'iut Colonist responded, a-, m duty bound to Hie .' old friend." We exposed the manoeuvre at the time, and the leadiness whieli the Untern showed to turn round upon Mr Gregoiy, us well as to congratulai«' Ins successor. We drove the " old friend" back again from his attempted defence of His Ex cellency's speech about the Quit-Rents. He beata re- treat under the signature of " A Farmer," avowing that consistency was beyond human reach. We said at that time that we spoke 'JJ the caul, as well as the outward aud visible signs to be diMovucd in the journal in question lo be planiei, and foi the satisfaction of the community, we nny mention ns a nell authenticated fact, that the Renew sent Us cuid to the levee on the Queen's birthday having previously heralded its appioaeh with a dash about Hie Duke of Kent and the test of the i oyal family-. and that the card was deliberately sent bick, and the whole colony will think with us that His Excellency acted with becoming dignity m directing it to be returned , and they will also be of opinion that a too close knowledge of the Survey Olhee by the same party was a thing to be as cautiously eschewed as the enid itself We shall notice, separately, the wretched attempt to wriggle out ot the cleft stick ni which wo have pi teed the Hiview, with reference to the New South Wales Bill, and the usages of Parliament, m which he betrays the most lamentable as well as the most perverse ignorance of the British constitution Is lins the result of all his mouthing about taxation without representation ? Such writings aie really a satire upon this community, and such Ihcy have ever been, being rotten from the core, based on inflated exaggeration, and anning at what the writer knew not, provided it suited the purpose of the blusterer to luveigh against the horrors of "the worse than death system," or "starvation," 01 taxation without representa- tion, which two first niateinilly contributed, the one to the injury of the moral-the other to the depreciation of the agiicullur.il, character of the colony. Now this bawlerfor freedom md free institutions, and the declaimer about this colony being the unfitting abode foi free Englishmen, which he fastens upon Colonel Arthur, who nevei sud any such thing, but who stated that in a penal colony where the laws for the bond and the fiee clash the lalter must give way, and occasionally abuses exist under such u sjstem- this eternal el ittererof clap trap phrases, in which British laws, British constitution, the birthright of Britons, are all en- veloped together in overwhelming masses, coolly and de. libeiately at the end of a long article, in praise of the New South Wales Bill, sais " A question arises, and of course will be warmly discussed here, whether the disadvantages ot being excluded from the be- nefits conferred bv the new constitution to New South Wales, arc compensated for, by the continuance here of the system of tiai sportation " Me should have supposed that the question had been long since settled in the writers mind , but, no, it would now appear that all the rhodomontade about the unfitting abode foi free Englishmen was wht.L we often see ni the same journal, mere hillturn fulmen, empty sound aud fury sigmtying nothing It must have bem so, or lhere is no me ming in the hesitation to give an opinion on the subject. Hie writer connels himself of Ins own fultons bombast, hy laising the question at all, which his own dntribts, as far as the consistency of big words goes, hid already siltled. But mark the sneaking, diîvelling confession at the end, that he must wait to ascertain public opinion-as he is quite convinced a journal cannot lead it, that lu other words, he is prepaied to steer which ever way the wind blows. Yes, indeed, consistency is above the reach of man' Frail cieaturcs arc we of the tlesh. All the big words so long harped upon by us will not butter parsnips. We charged lins confession of miserable weakness agnnst the Review last week, and how does the writer endeavour to get out of it ? why, by a direct suppression of the truth, as we shall see, sufhcient to startle us when ne read of the intimate knowledge the writer seems to possess of the arcana of the Survey Oflice. " Piofcssing to quote us, he sijs, "we arc convinced no journal can ¡ead public opinion " lins misquotation is most disgraceful, we made no such statement We re insert the passage-" tee have repcatcdli/ asserted that the public putnrilg, even the most able, the most influential in eviry pait nfthewoild, can only ASSIST, cannot DICT \TF, public opinion It is invariably paramount, and is gent) ally accurate, uhen tt is not so on the first bluih of any subject, it soon corrects ttsilf." 1 his is v\ hat we s lid -now we repeat it, yet this the Courier calls " a confession deplorably miserable I ' The quotation is all right up to the last point, but the few words which should follow, are wilfully suppressed. Thoy are these, and do clearly enough show that the Re law wished to ascertain public opinion,before it ventured one itself, which we chaiged upon it as a miserible con- fession of weakness, as we now do of wanton wickedness. Ihe fatal words are-" wn AWAIT ITS EXI PLSSION " (Public opinion) is invariably paramount, aud generally accurate, when it is not so, on the first blush of any sub- ject, it soon corrects itself Wt AWAIT ITS ExrnrssioN ! Can then a more (1 igrant example than this of the depra- vity of a mind which could stoop to such a miserable arti- fice as to the suppression of these few words? The Review trusted to chance and the hurry of writing to escape un- detected. It struck us, however, as ex ti emely odd. We were satisfied that our conviction upon the perusal of the former article was correct, and then we found the last four words purposely omitted. -Oh I oh I After this, we think we may conclude with the melo- dramatic scene introduced by the Renew, which appears to us to be dimly shadowed forth from a gloomy anticipa- tion of a visit to the writer from HIS "old friend," lu re- demption of a compact long since entered into " Both sides feeling the base nature of the compact, while one hand encircles the neck, the other holds the dogger at the back 1 ' lins is the Belle Alliance between . 