0olttf0tiC )utteligecttce. -o SISTERS OF CHARITY. Few incidents are so much calculated to impress the mind with the beauties of religion as a spectacle like that which took place at Parramatta yesterday, of two young and beautiful females voluntarily re nouncing the fleeting pleasures of the world Ior the more lasting joys which are the fruits of a life dedi cated solely to the service of religion and works of charity. On the occasion to which we allude two young ladies of respectable families, the Misses Gibbons and O'Brien, were clothed with the white veil of the sisters of charity. Owing to the badness of the weather there were not so many persons pre sentas had been expected, but the congregation was still very numerous and respectable. The service opened by the entrance, in solemn procession, of the Sisters of Charity and novices, the latter habited in white, two acolytes, four clergymen, in surplices, the Very Rev. Dr. Illlathorne, Vicar General, in the robes of a doctor in theology, and the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop, in his ponti ficals. During the procession the choir sung the anthem, "Enmitte spiritum tuum" (Send forth thy spirit). The sermon was delivered at the foot of the altar, by the Rev. Mr. Lynch, of MIaitland, and consisted of an eloquent address to the two young ladies who were about to dedicate themselves to the service of God and the poor, exhorting them to per severe in the accomplishment of the glorious and happy undertaking which they had commenced; pourtraying in vivid colours the blessings which were the certain reward of so sacred a perseverance and the misery which would inevitably await a derelic tion from duty. After the conclusion of the discourse, the novices were separately questioned by his lordship, and each having distinctly expressed lier wish to continue in the state of life she had adopted, they received the episcopal benediction, and an exhortation relative to the duties of their vocation, which was delivered in the most impressive and affectiong manner. They were then clothed in the habit and white veil of the order, and received the apron and key; the first typical of their duty, as the handmaidens of Christ, to contribute to the comforts and spiritual welfare of the poor, and the latter an emblem that such conduct would open to them the mansions of eternal bliss. The new sisters took the names of Mary Joseph and Mary Ignatius. The. benediction was then given by his lordship, after which the procession departed in the same order as it lhad entered. The musical performances during the ceremony were as follows :-Tthe Enitfe Spirituim (Send forth thy Spirit), Veni Creator Spiritus (Come, Holy Ghost), Regina Cali (Rejoice, Queen of Heaven). The psalms were, Its exitu Israel, ps. 113; Letatus sum, ps. 31; Dominus regit, ps. 32. And, at the benediction, which concluded the ceremony, Tantum ergo and 0 salutaris (hymns of adoration to the blessed sacrament). l'hese pieces were sung witll considerable taste by tihe pupils of the convent and of Mrs. Davis's excellent seminary, of whom the Parramatta choir is principally composed. On the whole we may safely assert that no one could return from this affecting scene, without feeling sensations calculated to stir him up to become wiser and better; and we trust that the day is not far distant when a branch of this apgelic order will be found scattering benedictions among the poor and ignorant in each of our towns and villages. On Thursday last a deputation waited upon his Excellency the Governor with a memo. riul, praying that the land revenue might not he appropriated to any other purpose than that of emi gration, and that those who enjoyed the benofitof convict labour should be taxed for the maintenance of the police necessary to control them. His Ex. cellency, in his reply, stated that the home govern. ment had determined, more than five years ago, that they would no longer defray the expense of the police and gaol establislhmonts of New South Wales out of the funds of the United Kingdom; that, notwithstanding his represetntations and thoseo of his predecessor, no change had taken place in that de termination; and that the permission to appropriate a portion of the land fund to that purpose, which had been made a subject of reproach, was intended as a boon. The position maintained by the Lords of the Treasury was this : their lordships wore ex. tremoly anxious to see the whole, or as largo a portion as possible, of the -land revenue applied to the purposes of immigration; but they would not takoe back upon themoselves the piylment of tlio police and gaols, in order to enable its so to apply it. Now, if the Lords of the Treasury said this and the people of England approvedlof it, ho did not see how to alter their determination. Neither could he attempt to refute the argumonts on which their lordships' decision was based, when he hure in mind that, exclusive of the services of about 20,000 couvipts innassigument, the colony had the ndvann 'tage of tho:labour pf.:btAeroue gangs on tho.public works, ii?ioJwvre 'paitnibed at the expeusab of 'the lomasqgov rnment:,! Hliss Ecelloney.r peated tlihti io wes ;notLnanxibdi to soee the l et prodiucp of theo laud fund lealde applicabl l.o the surlbsoe of limpin. riatio' ; for that purpose heehad etiforced the most rigid economy in the public exponditure, which, howevorer unpopular it might be, he should continue to do; and ho would further propose, when the inances 4[ theo,,clony;.naet \fp eo unCer the consi de'ratiott of thbo duncil, to shiow tlie way in which the whole not rovenueo derived from tlhe sale of the wild..audse ofhp.c?cppnny, slede igt.iAp .pQxpuoses.of collecting and management, and the-chargoealso for the protection and civilization of-the abpriginals, might be so applied. That this, h gwever,? i)ull be dune, without increasing the taxalion'of ili? colony, _wasimpossiblo. What he meant to propose, there .fuore,was, that the maintenance of, the ipolice 'in. oech district: should be made a local charge; ahd' paid ;hy assessment, including convict servantsariný the assessment. - - CAPT;AIN HOBSON.-YWo learn from advices by the ship Diana,' that Captain Ilobson, Lieut. Governor of New Zealand, had almostentirely covered from the attack of paralysis. with which he had' lately' been aifAicted.' He had arrived at the Bay of Islands on the 16th instant, on business re lating to the government.: ' SOMETHIING NEw.;-,Tbo Port Phillip Herald of the 21st uitimo, says, " We are informed, upon good authority, that a project is on foot, car ryoginwith~it thr influence of the South Australian Colonization Commissioners, for effecting an union between Port Phillip 'and South Australia, and forming of the two a colony, altogether independent of New South Wales, under the denomination of the colony of Australia Felix." STATUE OF SIR R. BOURKE.--- T"io following is a copy of a despatch from the Secretary of State, received by His Excellency the Governor on the 27th ultimo:-- Downing-street, 26th October, 1839. I have received your despatch, No. 68, of the 26th of March last, enclosing an application from Mr. Roger Therry, on behalf of the:subscribers for the erection of a statue of Sir R. Bourke, in the town of Sydney, that the statue may, when finoished, be sent out to New South Wales in a government vessel, free of expense; and I beg you will acquaint Mr. Therry, for the information of the subscribers to the statue, that I have much pleasure in com plying with their wishes on this subject; and that I will instruct the Board of Admiralty to provide the necessary freightage whenever the sculptor shall have reported the completion of the work.--.1 have, &c.;, J. RusSSeLL. CAMPBELLTOWN RACES.--We observe by an advertisement in this day's paper, that a meet ing will be held on Saturday, to make arrangements respecting these races. We believe the Campbell town races have been conducted with great spirit for the last five or six years, and there is no proba bility that the year 1840 will detract from their fame. WINE U. .PHYSIC.-The business of the Supreme Court suffered extreme delay on Satur day last, by the absence of two of the sons of Galen, each a material witness in separate cases, who were reported to be sacrificing their senses at the altar of Bacchus. One of these redoubtable Esculapians was unfortunate enough to be inabbed by the Philistines, and brought before the Chief Justice, by whom he was sent to chokey, in order that he might be kept in a state of sobriety until his attendance was required at Court. AUSTRALIAN SCHOOL SOCIETY.-A general meeting of this society was held on Friday evening last, at tihe Mechanics' School of Arts, when Mr. J. E. Manning was called to the chair, and the Report of the Committee was read by the secretary, by which it appeared that the funds of the society were in a prosperous state, having, among other donations, received the very liberal one of £50 per annum from their worthy chairman (Mr. Man ning.) Various resolutions were afterwards pro posed and adopted, by which the officers of the society were appointed; and the thanks of the meet ing returned to the Governor, for Ihis patronage and countenance, and to the various officers and sup porters of the institution, for their exertions and support. A lengthened discussion was also entered into respecting the propriety of introducing the bible into schools, as the best and most efficacious means of instruction; and a resolution was passed sanc tioning and approving of its adoption, and, we regret to say, branding in the most illiberal manner all those who would wish to oppose it. GROSS PERJURY.-Two men, named Hessell and Sealey, were brought before the Police Court at Hyde Park Barracks, on Friday afternoon last, to answer the charge of giving false evidence before the Supreme Court, on the previous part of the same day. The case being fully proved by the evidence of the Attorney-General and Mr. Keck, by which it appeared that the decrepancies between their evidence were of the most glaring description, t' a prisoners were each sentenced to be worked in irons for twelve months. It appeared that these men were in gaol awaiting their tral for a charge of robbery, where they became acquainted with the prisoner Ford, who had suborned them on the trial at which the perjury was said to have been com mitted, and it is most probable that the matter was there concocted between the three. MOUNTED POLICE.-A sergeant of the Mounted Police, stationed at Mount Victoria, wvas examined as a witness in the Supreme Court on Saturday last, when being questioned as to the method by which a person with whom he professed to be intimately acquainted obtained Ihis living, ihe could give no answer to the querist, although he acknowledged having previously heard that the man was suspected of harbouring bushrangers, and although certain articles belonging to a bushranger lhad been found by himself in lus house. It ap peared that the sergeant had been constantly in the habit of calling at Ihe house of this man, where he was provided with refreshments, and a glass of grog now and then, which no doubt created a fellow feeling between them; and we are fully aware that a few well-timed drams will lead many an olficer to wink at practices of which he ought to take strict cognizance. It was the opinion of the learned Judge and Attorney- General, int which we mnost cordially concur, that the police should lose no means of acquiring any knowledge which might assist thlem in the execution of their duty, and above all should endeavour to acquire a knowledge of the true characters of all persons residing in the district where they are stationed. 