Hobart Town Police Report. — * Thursday, June 4. The only matter at the Police-office this day, rxcepting the usual display of drunkenness and disorderly conduct, arising from the dissipated and vicious habits of the lower orders, was a charge against Samuel Garratt, a new hand oil this side of the Island, who was charged, on the information of District Constable Swift, supported by the evidence of petty constables Johnson and Pegg, with sly grog-selling, to which he pleaded not guilty. However, he was fined £10—£5 of which is, of course, to he divided amongst the informers. John Weaver, charged with absconding sentence of transportation eictended two years, and ordered to be employed on the roads for sis months. John Pratt (of notoriety in the grog-selling line), his wife, and two others who frequented his house of ill-fame, were examined on a charge of house-breaking, and remanded. Samuel Pethers, a free man, was committed for trial (but afterwards admitted to bail) on the evidence of Michael Sullivan, Constables Hayden, Turner, Smith, and Jones, on a charge of stealing an old handkerchief, value one halfpenny. It is to be hoped this mysterious affair will be well sifted before a superior Court. Friday, June 5. Elizabeth Solomon, this morning charged Isaac Solomon, her husband, with general illusage, and refusing to allow her a proper maintenance, to which he pleaded not guilty. The Magistrate, after a most patient hearing of the case, which was defended by Mr. Bowlands, dismissed it, as one not within their jurisdiction, or the meaning of the Maintenance Act of this Colony, Two prisoners were summarily dealt with, one to labor in chains—the other "on the roads for 12 months, for forcing into a hut, contiguous to the Government- garden, with intent to steal the goods therein. Two others were charged by James Overell, with stealing two unfinished sashes, of which, not the slightest legal evidence was adduced, and they were discharged. Monday, June 8. Isaac Rogers, fully committed for trial, for stealing three bottles of porter. William Wilson was admitted to bail on a charge of receiving a quantity of hay, stolen from the Government Farm at New Town. A very old and respectable District Constable, was charged by a senior District with neglect of duty, in not reporting a petty constable, named Hall, to the Chief Constable, or the good senior, next in office, with neglect of duty. It appeared that the good, honorable, and honest old soldier, had leaned on the right side of mercy ; and was told, that on any like occasion, he would ha dismissed the Police. Several absconders were dealt with summarily. Tuesday, June 9. The four Americans who absconded from their party at Sandy Bay, two of whom surrendered, and the other two apprehended, were ordered to Port Arthur for two years each, but especially to be worked by themselves. James Latour was ordered six months to the roads, for having a knife in his possession under suspicious circumstances. Wednesday, June 10. Three petty constables were dealt with summarily for misconduct; one was dismissed the Police, another six months on the roads, and the other six days to the cells. John Harkins, sentence extended two years, for embezzling the proceeds of three tons of fire-wood, and afterwards absconding. Saveral ticket-of-leave men were summarily dealt with, for various act of minor misconduct. The foregoing is all, except the usual common place cases., that few transpired during the preceding week in Hobart Town, which like the Colony throughout, has been very passive, only 365 charges throughout the Island— 101 of those against free persons, the remainder against unfortunates, from whom perfect tion cannot be expected, their situations in life, their innate and latent habits of many of them, allowing for the frailties of human nature, can only plead an extenuation for their crimes. ASSIGNMENT—Considerable alarm is entertained by the settlers of the interior, as to the stoppage of assignment, after the first of July next. . We are authorised to say, that the Government order, or notice, of January, 1839, applies only to the towns of Hobart Town and Launceston, aud not to the inland districts. It is, in fact, merely a discontinuance of the assignment of household servants, to the inhabitants of those places. We are glad that it is so ; but, whilst the orders from home are on all occasions considered imperative whilst the responsibility to the Home Colonial Secretary, is always thought of, before the responsibility due to the people, we have no hope—we can have none—of any permanent good being effected. The Launceston Advertiser, of last week, contained some very pertinent observa tions on the responsibility question, with reference to the Mechanics' Institution, with which remarks, we entirely agree. We have not «> Journal before us, but we say to the same effect—that if the Governors of Colonies would consider—if only occasionally—the responsibility of the duty they owe to the people, at the same time that they think of their duty to the Secretary of State, it would be mucii better for all parties. That it would be much more honorable for a high- minded, independent man to do so, there cannot be a doubt. If, on the other hand, he is a mere automatan, then, that is another question—one, which we have no desire now to consider. At the present crisis, when starvation is before us—when nothing but agitating the Labour Question can save the Colon); from ruin, we hope His Excellency will think, not only of his orders from home, but of his duty to a community, on the eve of ruin—if the same system of home responsibility is pursued. He may remember, as a Naval Officer, that the immortal Nelson, at Copenhagen, would not confess his knowledge of the signal ofrecal, when bearing down upon the Danish fleet. Did he (Nelson) think about responsibility 1 Did his daring mind, even for a moment, contemplate disgrace, in preference to the responsibility of disobeying instructions? Would this with him have been possible ? What was his answer to the signal Lieutenant? "I have but one eye, Sir, I must keep that upon the enemy." Would to God, for the sake of the interests of this Colony, that His Excellency, Sir John Franklin had but one eye figuratively speaking—and that he would keep that one eye upon the responsibility of his duty to the people, in saving them from starvation and ruin, instead of gazing with such intensity of anxiety and interest upon the Home Despatches. Verily his 16,000 miles telescope is only a glass, which can but make darkness more visible. We most respectfully recommend the example of Nelson to His Excellency there is more in the anecdote, than meets the eye at first sight. SORELL—It will be seen, by advertisement, that a public meeting of the Subscribers to the Sorell Causeway Company will be held, at the Sorell Inn, on the 25th of the present month. From the great advantages that must ensue from this spirited undertaking, there cannot be a doubt but the Meeting will be well attended. The report of Mr. Nicholas, the engineer, is highly favorable, and, on his judgment, we are sure the Shareholders may fully rely. We have long since expressed a desire to see this causeway effected, and although a few years since, the idea was considered visionary, it will now, like many other visionary ideas, be very soon carried out—in the reality. We congratulate the spirited promoters of this enterprise, and we are sure, that, from our old connection with the district of Richmond, they will excuse our recommending them to persevere with unanimity. Without this, nothing can be done here, or in any other country. The demon of discord (should he be visible) ought to be smothered instantly, and that man, who would promote dissentlon, on such a question, (whoever he may be, or whatever may be his rank in society), ought to be scouted, as a public pest, far more prejudicial to the real interests of the district, than a mob of Aborigines, or Brady's gang of bushrangers. The Causeway Question is one of great public importance", connected as it is with the transfer of agricultural produce to the port and market; and, as we have now, by public vote, been declared to be a very enlightened people (although there is a one and nine pence per day Police, who swear through thick and thin for the halfcrowns, and although the prisoner is still authorised to arrest, knock down, and lock up the free man), still—as a portion of an enlight'. ned and moral people, we do hope that the inhabitants of the sub-district of Pittwater will join together on this occasion,[in harmony. They must remember, that the ghosts of the Archbishop Whately, and his Church Aide-decamp will be hovering over them, and that there may be " a Chield" amongst them, who may take notes. EXTRAORDINARY BOBBERY OF A HALF-PAY OFFICER We are in general, tolerably attentive to the operations of the Police, and to the occasional robberies committed legitimately, and illegitimately. To those of an open daring character, (few of which, however, can be placed upon record) and also to those of the half-the-amount-of-the- fine order, which latter, we consider to be by far the worse robberies of the two. We have, however, omitted to notice the robbery of Mr. Purveyor Dunn, on the half-pay of the Medical Staff. This is the most atrocious robbery we have heard of, for a number of years, vnd we do hope that the perpetrators of such an abominable abomination t l b t 7 d d d b b will be brought to justice. The reader will laugh at the idea of robbing a half-pay officer* but, those may " laugh at scars who never felt a wound ;" and we can assure him, that to Mr. half-pay officer Purveyor Dunn, such a robbery is no joke. It appeared, and we write on the very best authority, that the robbers made their ingress through a pane of one of the windows of Mr. Dunn's mansion, in Argyle-street, (although close to a Methodist Chapel) during his (Mr. Dunn's) absence. Without the least recollection of, or consideration for, anything beyond making a clear sweep, they walked off with the following property, namely—one fourpost bedstead without furniture, a chamber convenience without a handle, one chest of drawers very much damaged containing sundry articles of half-pay drapery,, three shillings and eightpence planted underneath the hearthstone, as a provider against the stoppage of either the Banks, or any unforeseen difficulty, and a promise of marriage upon parchment, signed, but from unavoidable circumstances never legitimately executed. We could snv much on tin-, subject of this heartless robbery, but there is no sympathy in this world, whatever there may be in the next, for a half-pay officer, and especially during the peace, when he is, and always has been looked upon, merely as is a chimney in summer—of no use. However, we beg to assure Mr. Dunn, that we, in our private, and Editorial capacity, deeply sympathize with him, and especially in the loss of the parchment document, which to him, must have been invaluable. At the same time, we are happy to observe, that he has on all occasions, latterly, been on the Military Juries, at 15s. per day. This is kind, and very considerate on the part of Lieut. Col. Elliott, who also, there cannot be a doubt, deeply deplores the heavy loss Mr. Dunn has sustained. The unfortunate gentleman, whom we have just met, informs us, that in addition to the list of articles we have enumerated as stolen, he has lost a night-cap, very much worn. For this emblem of truth and attachment, fit having been a present from his first wife, and therefore associated with many agreeable recollections) he very properly offers a reward of Fifty Pounds. We could say much on this part of this most truly lamentable affair, but for the present—enough ; excepting the expression of our hope, that His Excellency will immediately offer in the Gazette, the reward of a Conditional Pardon, at least, for the recovery of Mr. Dunn's night-cap, and a Free Pardon with a passage home, for the apprehension of the robbers. He has been upon half-pay, and upon considerably less than half allowance himself, and there is no doubt he has felt the inconvenience and misery of sleeping without a bed,tead or a night- cap—(we mean when he was floored at the North Pole)—let him then, we earnestly implore him, exercise the Royal prerogative, and do justice (we ask no more) to Mr. Purveyor—Dunn. OUR^ JOURNAL OF THE WEEK We have not hesitated for a moment in filling up a con. siderable portion of our space this week- with intelligence from the adjoining Colonies. We take our own course in these matters, without reference to the opinions of others. When we cannot do this, we will immediately, as we have done before, resign the charge, or give place to another. Looking as we do, with the greatest satisfaction to the progress of the adjoining Colonies, and knowing as we also do, that many of our readers are connected with them, either directly, or indirectly, we feel it our duty to afford all the information we can, respecting their interests. All "this may be very tame. Some persons may like person, alities, and quarrels in preferanee. With those persons, we have no desire to have anything to do, their subscriptions will be no temptation to us,—we steer our own course—unshackled, and far as our public writings are concerned —in every sense of the word—independent. We never could see sense, honor, gentlemanly feeling, patriotic ardour—properly displayed through the medium of personal abuse. This is, and always has been, quite beyond our comprehension, and therefore, if we appeal- to be very tame—you see reader, so it must be, for we really cannot entertain you with what is called—strong language—we have hitherto walked our course quietly on, and, we intend to do so if permitted. DISTRESS Amongst the many cases of distress, which are often brought before us, we recommend to the humane, that of a Mrs. Kevitt, a passenger per Strathjiddsay. We have heard (for we do not know her, or anything of her distressed circumstances, except bv report), that her present situation is a very pitiable one, and that Dr. Lew-month and Mr. Mill are exerting themselves much in her behalf. THE MEDICAL PROFESSION We are happy o notice, the arrival of Dr. Baker, as a resiient in Hobart Towh. We have not a doubt ut his remove from New Norfolk, will prove o him, a very profitable one. MARKETS, JUNE 11 Wheat, 15s. to 16s/ per bushel; oats, 7s. to 8s. ditto ; Cape barley, s. to 8s. ditto; English ditto, 9s. to 10s. itto; loose hay, 6s. to 7s. per cwt. ; pressed itto, £7 to £8 per ton ; Sydney coals, £2 5s. itto ; Port Arthur ditto, 18s. ditto ; she-oak, 16s. ditto ; gum, 12s. ditto ; turnips and cabages, 2s. per dozen ; parsnips, 9s. per cwt.; laok potatoes, £8 per ton; apple ditto, £7 ditto. ERROR.—The Colonial Times has very properly acknowledged the error in its report of the Criminal Trials. Having, as we believed, ;taken the mere matter of evidence from that Journal, we inadvertantly fell into the same error. In noticing the escape from justice of several criminals, the word " nearly" was omitted, which omission we very much regret. THE CONCERT We hear that the Musical Entertainment advertised for this Evening, is likely to be well patronized. We sincerely hope it will be so, for Mrs. Clarke's s.-ike. THE EXCAVATIONS for the new Buildings shall be attended to as our Correspondent desires. We must, however, understand the case before we offer any remarks. MECHANICS' INSTITUTION.—An endeavour will be made to secure the use of the Theatre for the opening Lecturo. Full particulars will be given next week. TUE LAUNCESTON ADVERTISER.—We will look to the remarks of our Contemporary as to the Sesostris and the Hope, and report accordingly. On the 9th instant, a superior sample of wheat was sold, at Launceston, for 17s. per bushel, which may now be considered as the maximum price ; on the 21st May, wheat was down to lfis. per bushel, at Sydney ; and, at Port Phillip, flour had fallen £10 per ton, on the 5th instant. MARRIED—On Sunday, the 7th instant, (according to the customs of the Hebrew notion,) at the residence of Mi-. Henry Solomon, Elizabeth-street, Mr. Michael Solomon, son of Judah Solomon, Esq. to Sarah, eldest daughter of Mr. Henry Solomon, of this town. DEATH—We have omitted to notice the great loss a most respectable family, and the community generally, have sustained, by the death of MR. E. P, ROBINSON, Merchant, of Macquarie- street. His Funeral was most respectably and numerously attended. DIED—At Hobart Town, on the 6th instant, ROBINA, daughter of the late Charles Clarke, Esq., J. P., of Glendhu County of Sutherland, N.B., aged 24 years. 