late Courier FRIDAY EVENING, February 21,1840. Mr. Elliott has nailed by the Calcutta for England. During his residence in this colony be succeeded in acquiring the esteem and respect of its inhabitants, not more by his general demeanour than the ability and tact which he displayed under circumstances of trying political difficulty. We understand that Mr. John Jackson, who has lately held the office of Treasurer at Adelaide, is to be appointed Private Secretary in his stead. From his known character in this colony, and the talents which he has so long and so creditably exercised in the field of literature, we have every reason to congratulate the public on his accession to office. His appointment will add some strength to the Government, although it is at the same time a virtual recognition of its weakness. He is no doubt expected to drive '7Yseivand see that "the partners" are well loaded. Well content as we should have been to have such an honourable opponent, we fear his disposition is not of that payable character which will lead him to accept much less rejoice over, such a calling. It will be found too grievous an imposition to last long. " He will not march through Coventry that's flat." We may, however, expect some few flowers of speech, instead of the sort of dead sea ashes which have been served up to the taste of the community. Our readers will find, under the head of the Gazette, a notice, which acknowledges the services rendered by Sir John Pedder during the period he has usurped a seat in the Executive Council, in consequence of the carelessness of some Downing-street clerk. Our readers will also recollect, that the same customary tribute was refused to Mr. Gregory, not without complaint or remonstrance from that gentleman, who, to do him justice, lets no grievance escape, but registers it daily and duly, until his were have become as numerous as the ten thousand sufferings occasioned to the Greeks by the wrath of Achilles, all of which he lays to the account of the wrath of the Lieutenant-Governor. On what grounds was it refused to Mr. Gregory, and wherefore granted to Sir John Pedder ? Because, though fully satisfied of the valuable services of the Colonial Treasurer, the Lieutenant Governor was at a loss to divine the reason of his removal from the Council, and was unwilling to interrupt the will and pleasure of the Secretary of State. We do not think this was either wise or generous for under the circumstances a censure of Mr. Gregory implied a censure of the Colonial Government itself, the Lieutenant Governor being personally well satisfied with the support and assistance which he had received from that gentleman in his capacity of member of both Councils. And now, forsooth, he is refused a seat in the Executive, although restored by a fresh warrant of the Queen I If he is not fit for one Council, he ought not to sit in the other. Why is it that he holds the responsible office of Colonial Treasurer The Lieutenant Governor, after contending for the individual support of the officers of the Government in the Legislative Council, then, as it were, admits the right of the Colonial Treasurer to oppose him in it, by allowing him to sit there, while he closes the doors of the Executive against him, where he is bound to ask, not by any means to take his advice. Such is the present extraordinary state of things. But the services of Sir John Pedder are acknowledged as able assistance, his advice is turned to great advantage. What advice what able assistance? Does not the ghost of the Issue Bill rise up in judgment against these words? Was this the "advantage was this the able assistance?" " Heaven save the mark I" Our contemporary of the Review has added to the tributes to corn, coals, cabbages, and tea, which occasionally play different parts in his columns, a diatribe on the new College to be erected in Hobart Town. One of the questions so sagaciously propounded is-" Where is the money for the building to come from ?" Is our contemporary so oblivious as to forget that it has been long since voted by the Legislative Council ? Are we to have a second edition of " Where are the ships ?" He speaks of Mr. Gell as a member of the Church of England, and inquires why it is that he is not responsible to the Board ? Our contemporary ought to recollect that it was the proposition of Sir John Franklin, that the gentleman appointed should be a clergyman of the Church of England. He might also, if he taxed his memory beyond the convenience of his argument, remember that the Secretary of State remarked that he did not deem that point essential, although it has been since conceded. This, it is true, was before the Board was called into existence ; but Mr. Gell is responsible, and very properly so, to the Lieutenant-Governor alone. It is quite enough that the Board should confine themselves to the guardianship of the four first rules of arithmetic. They must leave Mr. Gell alone. The Review has never brought forward one valid argument in its support, but having set out with opposing its inefficiency, wavered for some time, until the balance was finally decided in favour of mock heroic liberality. The cant of episcopacy was called in to aid, and a few sentences strung together, full of sound and signifying nothing. It is presumed by our contemporary, that Mr. Gell being a clergyman of the Church of England, will have the Church of England catechism introduced into the school, and then he says-" What will the Presbyterians say ?" Aye, indeed what will they not say ? Quid non dixit Jacobus Thomson. What hath not Jemmy Thomson said-the so-called (by the Review,) liberal defender of the Presbytery? But here again our contemporary is out of his depth, for the Presbyterians have refused assistance from the Board, and Mr. Campbell, a gentleman of high reputation and character, recently arrived in this colony, conducts the Scotch School quite independently of that ill constructed and ill-devised piece of machinery which is meant to set Education in motion throughout the land. 