A HAUNTED HOUSE. In one of the baronial castles of the north, which had been uninhabited for years, there was heard at times such extiaorditiaty noises, as to confirm the opinion among the country people that the place was haunted. In the western tower an o!d couple were permited to live, who hud been in the service of the former lord, but so imbued were they willi ihe superstitions ot the counry, that th/y never went io bed wi.hout expecting to hear thectiesof the disturbed spirit» of the mansion. An old story wa*s current, that an heir apparent had been murdered by an uncle, that he might possess the estate, who, however, after enjoying it for a time, was so annoyed by the sounds in the castle, that he retired with an uneasy conscience from the domain, and died in France. Not many years ago, the properly descended to a branch of the female line, (one of theheio.s of Waterloo,J who, nothing daunted, was deter- mined to make this castle his place of residence. As the noises were a subject of real terror to his tenantry, he formed-the resolution of sleeping in the castle on the night he look possession, in order to do away these superstitious fears. Not a habitable room could be- found, except the one occupied by the old gardener io the wes ern torrent, and he ordered his camp-bed to he set I up in that apartment. It «as in the autumn, at nightla'l, that he repaired to the gloomy abode, leaving his servant, to his no small comfort, at thd village inn ; and after having found every- thing comfortable provided, turned the large old rus'y kev upon the antiquated pair, who took leave of him, to lodge at a farm hard bv. It was one of those nights which are checkered with occasional gleams of moonshine and datkness, when the clouds arc riding in a high wind. He slept well for the two first hours; he was then awakened by a low mournful sound that ran thtough the apartments. This warned him to be up and accoutred, He descended the turret staiis with a bright light, which, or! coming to (he ground floor, cast a gigantic shadow of him- self upon (he high embattled walls. Here he stood and lisened ; when presently a hollow moan ran through the loi'g corridor, and died away. This was followed hy one of a higher key, a sort of scteam, which directed his footsteps willi more certainty to (he spot. Pursuing the sounds, he found himself in the great hall of his ancesters, and vaulting upon a large oaken table, set down his lamp, and folding his doak about him, detei mined to wait the appearance of all that was teuiblr, The night, which had been stormy, became suddenly still : the daik Hitting clouds had sunk lelow the horizon, and the moon insinuated her silvery through the chinks of the mouldering pile. As our hero.had spent the morning in the chase, Morpheus came un- bidden, and, he fell,asleep upon the table. His dream was short, for close upon him.issued forth the horrid groan ; ntnnzed, he star ed up and sprang at the unseen voice, fixing with a powerful blow his Toledo steel in (he arras. The blade was fast, and heit) Lim to the spot. At this moment the moon shot a ray that illumina'ed the hall, and showed that behind the waving folds, there lay the cause conceabd. His sword he left, and to the turrel íetracedhis steps. When morning carne, a welcome crowd »reeling, asked bim if he had met the ghost? " Oh yes," re- plied the ki'igb1, " dead as a door nail, behind the screen he lies, where my sword has pinned bim fast ; bring the wrenching bar, and weM haul ihe distuiber out." With sucha leader, and broad day to boqt, the valiant throng (ore down the screen wheie the sword was fixed; when lo ! in a recess, lay the fragments of a chapel or L'an, und (he square wooden trunks, made for holiowed sounds, were used as props, to stay the work when the hall was coated round with oak. The wondeiing clowns now laugh aloud at themysteiious voice. It ivas thenorthsrn blast th.it found its way through the crannies of »the wail to the groaning pipes, which had alarmed tlip country round fora century past.?- Gardner*» Music (f Nature. ' Warehousing.-Antecedently to the present ccnlury a system of restraint anti prohibition perVadcd the administration ot our maritime and revenue affaira, producing inconvenience to the merchant and detriment to commerce Much ol such inconvenience arose from the circumstance of tho import duties being re- quited lo bo paid on tho landing of goods, a mon n ling frequently to m any thousand pounds. Such was moro particularly the, case during the late war, when ihe usual rcgu'aiiiyof com- mercial transactions was much interrupted, and the merchant al times called upon, on the unexpected arrival of a ship, fora largo ad- vance of duties. This gave rise to a system of deferring payment, by allowing goods lo bo secured iu warehouses, or other approved places, undor tho locks of the Crown, and lo bo taken out as might Buit (he convenince of parties, the payment not being called for until the goods were so taken cut. Hence, in 1803, the establishment of the General Warehousing System^. Numerous have been the claims as to the origin of this system. May it no1, h >w e.ver bo traced to the piimilive ages?-lor wc read in Genisis, in tbe affecling history of Joseph and his brethren-" Let Pharaoh ap- point officers over tho land. And let them gather all the food and lay up corn, and let them keep the food in the cities, and that food shall be for store." Sir Robert Walpole, 1733, when he brought forward his excise scheme, attempted a measure of this sort on a very limited scale, but in consequence of se- vere opposition, abandoned it. Dean Tucker, too, in 1750, made a similar proposal without effect. Tbe measure, however, was revived at the beginning of the present century, and the management of it confided to the late Mr. Frewin, then chairman of the Board of Cus- toms—a post, by the bye, which he held for a very extended period, with no less honour to himself than of advantage to the country. The warehousing department has now become by far the most important in the whole circle of fiscal affairs. It is by no means an unusual thing for orders to be issued in a single day to a common locker for the delivery of goods, the duties alone on which amount to £10,000, or even £15 000—for several thousands is al- most an every day occurrence. The valae of the merchandise deposited in warehouses under this system, at London, Liverpool, Bristol, Hull, and other ports, cannot be estimated for merely government duties, supposing the stock on hand to be equal only to three years' con- sumption, at less than fifty millions. Our ancestors would have startled at the hint of the bare possibility of such an event—even some of our contemporaries may not perhaps be aware of the fact. Still such is the case. History shows nothing equal to this—no, not even "Solomon in all his glory." This vast machinery is, nevertheless, kept in regular and almost perpetual motion. The merchant gets his due supply, the government the just portion of duties,—Pope's Yearly Journal of Trade. Jekyll's Jokes.-A little fellow, who had scarcely any business, was one day endeavour- ing to get the judge to attend to a motion he wanted to make ; but it was of no use—he never could catch the judge's eye. Jekyll, looking at the bench, said, in an inimitable tone, "De minimis non curat les." A Welsh judge, famous both for his neglect of personal cleanliness and his insatiable desire for place, was once addressed by Mr. Jekyll : " My dear sir, as you have asked the minister for every thing else, why have you not asked for a piece of soap and a nail brush?" An attor- ney, named Else, rather diminutive in his stature, and not particularly respectable in his character, once met Mr. Jekyll: "Sir," said he, " I hear you are called a petty fogging scoundrel." ''How dare you say so, Sir," replied Jekyll, with a look of con- tempt, " I never said you were a petty-fogger, or a scoundrel, but I said you were little else." —Law and Lawyers. Kissing.—The editor of the New York Dis-^/¡s. patch, with a want of gallentry which we did not think belonged to his character says, "Probably there is no mo- ment when man or woman, looks so, supremely, utterly and hopelessly simple and foolish, as when engaged in that most poetically foolish of all occupations—the act of kissing. Whenever they happen to be seen, they look as if caught with ajpl-'n sheep—and no wonder.—Eve, Journal. ,1 