tr ®L'igfit?l t L4>tLO.? or pottlCttrC. ON TIlE WANDERINGS OF TIHE IIUMAN DI1IND,-No. 24. o "Trust a.ot in thy own knowledlge, nor in the cunninf of/ any one living : but rather in the gra,.r o/f God, s iho helps the humble, and humbles th se lhoe pre s sume f? tLenmselres,"-Tanoasa A'KEM?SP'IS. Mn. Entron-If the learned and accomplished \- Photius had studied the " nmoral" of this valuable r sentence with as much care as he did the literature of Greece and Rome, he would not have left lais name on record as the " founder" of the greatest and amost extensive schism that ever rent in twain the ° seamless garment of Christ ; that broke asunder the bands of " unity" that united the Greek and Latin s churches. VWhen St. Ignatius, the holy patriarch of 1 Constantinople, himself tlhe son and grandson of emperors, had reproved Bardas CaRsar for his inces Stuouns and wicked lifoe, and refused to allow this im pious prime minister, and nephew of the Enmperor lichael III., to approach the holy communion on i the feast of the Epiphany, he thereby incurred the deadly hostility of this proud and vindictive man. From that hour Bardas planned the destruction of 1 Ignatius; he persuaded his weak and voluptuous nephew to turn away his own mother and sisters. Mllichael, in order to give a colouring to this cruel and unjust proceeding, ordered the patriarch to cut off their hair, give them the religious veil, and force tlhenm into a convent. r'le patriarch, for refusing to take any part in such irreligious violence, is accused of disobeying the emperor's orders, anti sent into I exile to the Isle of T'erebintlhus. Ignatius firmly re- a sisted all the wicked means employed to indtuce him to resign Iris see, wlhiclh hlie lad, filled withl zeal for eleven years. At last Bardas declared Photius, the eunuch anrd master of tile horse, to be bishop, with- t out even the slightest form of an election, contrary 1 to the canons and to all ecclesiastical usage. Photius was a man of great talents and literary acquirements, but a most cunning and deceitful politician, ever ready to make any sacrifice to hins unbounded am- t bition; lae was involved in a schismatical party against Ignatius. Photius, from being a mere lay- s man and a courtier, was made a bishop of in the short space of six days, on Christmas day, in 858. Before lihe could get any bishops to consent to his consecration, he renounced his schism and swore to l acknowledge Ignatius as the lawful patriarch, and to do nothing withotut his consent. Yet in less than two months he persecuted all who adhered to Igna. tins, and caused several of the clergy to be scourged. False accusations and false witnesses were produced against Ignatius, whlo was cast into prison, Iad his feet bound with iron to a post, and two of hIis teeth broken by a brutal captain of his guard Several bishops, seeing these wicked proceedings of Photius, excommunicated him in a council held in the Church of Peace at Constantinople. But Photius, backed p by Bardas, excommunicated Ignatius, andl wrote to Pope Nicholas, stating that Ignatius had resigned on account of Ilis old age and craziness ; that he re tired into a monastery, where he lived in great es- b teem ; and that Ie himself lhad been elected by the metropolitans, and compelled by the emperor, much i agaist his will, to accept of the awful burden of the Episcopacy. . He begged of the pope to send two legates to ratify these proceedings, and to condemn s the iconoclasts. Th'lisis a goodspecinmenof thecun- n ning counterfeit character of Photius, and a proof ofr the pope's supremacy being then admitted in the s east. The pope directed Iris legates to conform in their decision regarding holy images to the decrees tl of the seventh general council, and to take correct information on the affair of Ignatius and Phutius, tl and then to send himself a faitlful report. The pope's letter to the emperor complains that Ignatius was deposed without consulting the holy see, and I that a layman, hlad been uncanonically chosen. Pho. tius contrives to make the pope's legates exceed their instructions, and to sanction the deposition of Igna. tius, having produced seventy-two false witnesses, sl who alleged that his election was not canonical. li lTheodorus, one of Ignatius's tormentors, forced haim to make a cross on a blank sheet of paper, and Photius caused an act of renunciation to he written over this signature. Ignatius found at last an oppor- Ir tunity of sending a correct statement of Ihis unjust sI treatment to the pope ; it was signed by ten metro polltans and fifteen bishops, and by a great many tl priests and monks. Photius, notthinking himselfyet I secure, advised 'he emperor to cause Ignatius to ti read Ihis own condemnation from the pulpit of the g church of the apostles: there to have Ihis eyes plucked out, and his hands cut off; but Ignatius providentially escaped from this iniquitous infliction. c fhe pope manifested great affliction at the prevarica- a tion of his legates, at the forced deposition of Igna. f: tius, and at the uncanonical promotion of Photius. Ile writes to the emperor saying, " we have in our Cs hands your letters, whereby you give testimony to n the virtues of Ignatius, and the regularity of his or dination: and now you allege hlis having usurped a the see by the secular power." lie then directs an en cyclical letter to all the bishops and faithful oftheeast, h enjoining them to consider Ignatius the only patriarch d of Constantinople, and to look on Photius as an usurper. Photius suppresses this letter, and forges b one as if of a later date, purporting to favour himself b and to censure Ignatius. I hotius assiduously paid t court to the emperor, and connived at his profligate s and impious conduct, and that of his jesters and t sacrilegious buffoons. Photius having failed in all his attempts to impose c on the pope, and to induce Ihim to sanction Iris ap- e pointment to the see of Constantinople, contrived to d exasperate the wicked emperor against him, and t persuaded him (the emperor) to convene a council at t Constantinople in 866, in which Ihe presumed to ex communicate and depose Pope Nicholas I. ; thus I commenced the Greek schism. Photius could only tl procure the signatures of twenty-one bishops; but I forged false acts as if the council had been general, o and attached false signatures of the three eastern patriarchs, and of about one thousand bishops. o In order to give some colouring to this outrageous c schism, Photius produces some charges of a most frivolous nature against the Latin Church, such as- 1\. Cutting off the first week in Lent, and fasting on Saturdays, and allowing the use of butter, milk, and cheese on fast days, which the Greeks did not permit. 2. Not allowsing married men to be ordained priests, without first having bound thlemselves to a life of celibacy. 3. Rejecting the holy oils and chrism blessed by priests, and not by bishops, for the admin- ti istration of the sacraments of baptism, holy orders, n confirmation, and extreme unctton. 4. The only e matter connected with faith, professing that the Holy g Ghost proceeds from the Son as well as from the Father. Photius calls this doctrine " tha height of I impiety," though it was fully believed by the Greek Church up to his time, but not expressed in tlhe Nicean creed. Truly tlhe "learning" and" cunning" d of Photius did not avail him much, Yours sincerely, JOHN SCOTT. 