Neal Malone. (Concluded.) The next morning Mr. O'Connor presented himself to congratulate the tailor on his happiness. Neal, as his friend, shook hands with l™, g«v« hi, fcger. . tfgfe : not be certain,—for as he shook his own during the moment of observation, he concluded that it might be a mere mistake of the eye, or, perhaps, the result of a mind predisposed to be credulous on the subject of snaking heads. We wish we could draw a blind, or a curtain, or a veil of some description over the remnant of the tailor's narrative that is to follow ; but, as it is the duty of every faithftd historian to give the secret cause of appearances -which the world in general do not understand, so we think it but honest to go on impartially and faithfully, without shrinking from the responsibility which is frequently attached to truth. For the first three months after matrimony, Neal felt like a man who had been translated to a new and more lively state of existence. He had expected, and flattered himself that the moment this event should take place, he would at once resume his heroism, and experience the pleasure of a drubbing. On the first week after his marriage, there was a fair in the next market town. Neal, after breakfast, brought out a bunch of shillelahs, in order to select the best the wife enquired the purpose of the selection, and Neal declared that he was resolved to have a fight that day, if it was to be had for love, or money. " The thruth is," said he, strutting with fortitude about the house, " the thruth is, that I've done the whole of yees, and I am still blue moulded for want of a batin." " Don't go," said his wife. " I will go," said Neal, with vehemence, " I'll go, if the whole parish was to prevent me." In about another half hour, Neal sat down quietly to his worh, instead of going to the fair. Much ingenious speculation might be indulged in upon this abrupt termination to the tailor's most formidable resolution, but, for our own part, we prefer going on with the narrative, leaving the reader at liberty to solve the mystery, as he pleases. The fourth month after the marriage arrived—Neal, one day near its close, began to dress himself in his best apparel. Even then, when buttoning his waistcoat, he shook his head after the fashion of Mr. O'Connor, and made observations as to the great extent to which it overfolded him. " Neal!" said his wife, on perceiving him dressed, "where are you bound for?" "Faith, for life," replied Neal, with a mitigated swagger, " and I'd as soon, if it had beeii the will of Prov—" [He paused.] " Where are you going ?" said his wife, a second time. " Why," whole country was here to prevent me tunder an liglitnin, woman, who am 1 ?" he exclaimed in a loud voice. " Ai'nt I Neal Malone, who never saw a man who'd fight him ? Neal Malone, that was never beat by man ? Whoo, I'll get enraged some time. Who's afraid—say I?" "Don'tgo," said the wife, giving him a significant look. In about another half hour, Neal sat down quietly to his work, instead of goin<r quietly to the dance. Neal now turned himself, like many a sage in similar circumstances, to philosophy—that is to say, he began to shake his head, after the manner of the schoolmaster. He would, indeed, have preferred the bottle upon principle, but there was no getting at the bottle excepting through his wife, and it so happened, that by the time it reached him, there was little consolation left in it. Neal bore all in silence, for silence his friend had often told him, was a proof of wisdom. Soon after this Neal one evening met Mr. O'Connor by chance upon a plank which crossed a river. This plank was only a foot in breadth, so that no two individuals could pass each other upon it. We cannot find words in which to express the dismay of both, on finding that they absolutely glided past each other without collision. Both paused, and surveyed each other solemnly, but the astonishment was all on the side of Mr O'Connor. "Neal," said the schoolmaster j " I beseech you to speak, that I may be assured you live!" The ghost of a blush passed the churchyard countenance of the tailor. " Oh '" he exclaimed, " why did you tempt me to marry a wife?" "Neal," said his friend, "answer ine in the most solemn manner possible throw into your countenance all the gravity you can assume—speak as if you were under the hands ofthe hangman, with the rope about your neck —for the question is indeed a trying one which I am about to put,—are you still blue moulded for want of a beating ?" The tailor collected himself to-make a reply, lie put one leg out, but alas how dwindled,—he opened his waistcoat, and lapped it round him, until he looked like a weasel on his hind legs—he then raised himself up on tin-toes, and in an awful whisper replied—" No, I am not blue moulded for want of a batin." The schoolmaster shook his head in his own miserable manner, but, alas, he soon perceived that the tailor was as great an adept at shaking the head, as himself. Nay, he saw that there was a refinement, a delicacy of shake in the tailor's vibrations, which gave to his own a very common-place character. The next day the tailor took in his clothes, and, from time to time, continued to adjust them to the dimensions of his shrinking person He no longer strutted as he was wont to do— he no longer carried a cudgel as if he wished to wage an universal battle with all mankind lie was now a married I man. T h e Sneakingly, S r S 1 * and ™ d Before three years passed, he had shrunk-up so much, that he could not walk abroad of a wad? day, without carrying weights in his pockets; to keep him firm on the earth, which he once trod with the step of a giant. In two years more his friends could not distinguish him from his own shadow, a circumstance of great inconvenience to him. Several grasped at the hand of the shadow, instead of his—and one man was near paying it five shillings and sixpence, for making a pair of breeches. Neal, it is true, undeceived him with some trouble, but candidly admitted that he was not able to carry home the money. This, however, could not last always. Though still alive, he was to all intents and purposes, imperceptible. He could now only be heard—he was reduced to a mere essence—the very echo of human existence. It is true the schoolmaster asserted, that he occasionally caught passing glimpses of him, but that was because he had been himself nearly spiritualized by affliction, and his visual ray purged in the furnace of domestic tribulation. By and by, Neal's voice lessened, got fainter' and more indistinct, until at length nothing but a doubtful murmur could be heard, winch ultimately could scarcely be distinguished from a ringing in the ears. Such was the awful and mysterious fate of the tailor, who, as a Hero, could not, of course, die—he merely dissolved like an icicle, wasted into immateriality, and finally melted away beyond the perception of mortal sense. . ill-. O'Connor is still living, and once more in the fulness of perfect health and strength. We may as well hint, however, that—his wife has been dead about three years. 