FASHIONS FOR SEPTEMBER. (FromtltcLondmandParuLad%et'Ma!)aiineofFaihimt,J All ihc toilettes of the moment are of light delicate colours ; silk dresses arc numerous ; the corsages vary ; the skirts are very full and long and the sleeves continue moderate. White to very much worn, but taffetas glace, organdys tamboured in colours, foulards and pattern muslins, witb satinB, are worn. Cannesoni, bouillones, with either long or abort sleeves, look very well witb a dark silk dress. The Ssbu Rotlne is a new style of pelerine, con. posed of filet or grot de Naples, buck or coloured, with frill of the same! Tbe large silk shawl, continue fashionable, and are made in great variety. Shawls of block tulle, a point d'tspr it, are also in fashion, lined with colours. Mantelets are made for young ladies, of spotted tulle, lined with lilac or blue, trimmed with two frills of tbc same, hating a broad hem with ribbon through, the colour of the lining ? Very large shawls of plain cashmere are worn in Paris, edged with velvet embroidered withjrold and silk mixed. Shawls are alto made of the guipure lace over (Ilk, which il also used for dresses, flounces, berthet, and even capotes. Bonnets continue of tbe same form s the front enve loping the face. Black lace bonnets are very general. Some very line Leghorns arc trimmed with crapo lira and white feathers, llie bunches of iioVenf conllnue to be very low. Bonnets of straw de Llvourne, or namented with long white feathers, tipped with pink or blue, are much worn at Paris. Some pretty capottca of - lace; placed on In rows, and lined with pink ; have bunches of roses nriped with white. The nenc» colf furet are the Arminlennc, Tlierbanc, Persane, Oriental; snmp elegant caps are made of tulle, embroidered iu paflle, ornamented with wlirnt i-ors. Drooi-lies of cold nnd cnamr! of various colours, representing fruiiR nnd flnucTs in their natural colours, with gold ibuillage, arc fashionable. SYDNEY NEWS— To the 3rd of January Church of England. — On Wednesday, 1st Jan., the foundation stone of the new church in the parish of St. Lawrence, was laid by the Bishop of Australia. At the usual hour, the service for the Feast of the Circumcision was commenced by the Rev. Mr. Walsh, the minister of the parish, in the temporary chapel, under Mr. T. Hughes's brewery. The chapel was well filled. After the service, the Bishop and a number of the congregation drove to the ground, and shortly afterwards a procession was formed, headed by one hundred and forty children be- longing to the parish Sunday school. At the gate of the ground, the procession was joined by the Bishop, and the cxxxii. Psalm was re- pealed alternately by the minister of the parish and the attendants, and afterwards a lesson from 1 Cor. iii. The stone was then fixed, his Lordship spreading the mortar with a silver trowel, and upon its being placed, struck it with a mallet, saying — ' I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named Christ Church, as dedi cated to God who was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself ; and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The church is to be situated at the apex of the triangular piece of ground in front of the Benevolent Asylum, and will form a striking object upon entering the town by the Parra malta road. — Herald. The Post Office. — Towards the close of the last Session of Council, Mr. Raymond, the Postmaster-General petitioned for an increase of salary, and at the same time, presented certain returns to shew the increase in the business of that department, while under his management. By these returns it appears that when llie Post Oflire establishment was first formed in the year IS'28, mails were only despatched toParrnmuila and Liverpool, daily; to Windsor, Campbell Town, and Penrith, twice a week ; an.'! to Iiathurst weekly. To Newcastle by a sailinj packet as often as wind and weather' permitted. Tlie Post Office re vevenue for that year, amounting to only £598 2s. 4d. It would be impossible to fol low the advance of this establishment through nil its slagcs; its progress has been almost ntiprecedcntedly great.' The number of Post Offices has increased from ciirlit lo forty-two, extending the communication by post from Port Phillip lo Morcton Bay, and from Sydney westward to Wellington, travelling overland at this date, at the rule of two hundred and eighty-nine thousand four hundred and sixty four miles in the year, exclusive of the mails coBveyed by steam end sailing vessels. Among the improvements which have lately been adopted in the Post Office departmem, are the formation of tire liorse-post for the outskirts of the town, and the registration of money letters. Tlie revenue for the past year amounted to the sum of £8390 lGs. lid., leaving an excess of revenue at the end of the year over the expen diture in llie eleven years, £803 14s. 2£d. The number of letters lo and from Great Britain and foreign parts in 1829, was fourteen thou sand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and in 1838, two hundred and twcnly-one thousand four hundred and seventy-nine; in 1829 the number of inland and coastwise letters was fifteen thousand five hundred and ninety-three, and in' 1838, one hundred and sixty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty-one; in 1829, the number of inland newspapers was thirty four thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, while in 1838 the numbers were two hundred and ninety-seven thousand two hundred and forty-five. In 1829 the total number of let ters and newspapers received and despatched at the General Post Office, Sydney, was eighty-eight thousand nine hundred and fifty one, while in 1838, the number was seven hundred and eighty-seven thousand and seven teen. The number of franks during the past year was eighty-lour thousand seven hundred and seventy-five. Among llie remarkable changes attending the Post Office may be reckoned the following :— In March, 1828, it was taken under the coenisancc of Govern ment, and thus considered a Government es tablishment. Mailswerccouvtvt-.'. '.'contracts to some parts, and by the MounieJ Pciin; in others. In 1829, the commission to country postmasters was increased from five to twenty five per cent.; in April in that year the present Poslmaster- Generalwas appointed; in Novem ber of llie same year, an allowance of one pen ny on every letter bearing postage was granted to masters of vessels for the conveyance of mails. In June 1831, the Two-penny Post wns estab lished. In 1834, the assistance of the Mounted Police, hitherto employed in the conveyance of mails was discontinued, and contracts gene rally adopted. In May, in the same year, an uniform was given to the letter carriers. It will thus be seen thai many improvements have been made, but many others are required to bring the Post Office on a footing like (hat of England, especially with respect to the conveyance of mails. — Ibid. Mb. GoaDoNOViTCii.— This gentleman, who formerly kept a tobacconist's shop in Sydney, anA left the Colony considerably in debt, is now in London, wearing a splendid uniform, and enlisting men for an European regiment for the. service of the King of Oude, in whose army Mr. Gordonovilch holds a high rank. The Americans.— The American squadron took leave' of us on the 26th instant, at a very early hour in the morning. In their pas ' sage outwards, tliey were tiot merely beautiful but grand. Tlie noble forms of the vessels— the ' swelling bosom' of the sails ; and us it is not only the vision, but the mind which grasps the idea of greatness— so had he who might have seen -that ' exit' of our American relatives fare they not relatives, are they not bluod relatives?) refrain to think, and say to himself, ' these are of British offspring!' They have proceeded to the icy regions of the South. May they return to their native land in safety, and in happiness! The squadron, which is under the command of Captain Wilkes, is pursuing very important objects. Let us express a hope that they may be success ful, and that they will return to their native land not merely with safety, but enjoying the proud consciousness, that they have been suc cessful in the project they have undertaken. The American officers — one and all — express themselves in (he highest terms, which a sense of gratitude can suggest, for the attention which they h.ivc met with in this Colony; while, on (lie other hand, all who had inter course with them, uniformly express their ad miration of the gentlemanly conduct, and the intelligence of every officer in the squadron. But we had much in our favour, and they had much to incline us to them. We have sprung from the same stock, and the shoot is rapidly o'erslmdowing the earth. Yes; let the scof fers rail — let the jesters joke — but the equi table principles maintained liy the American people are being carried on the winds all over the civilzed world. We speak the same lan guage as the Americans — through cur veins ' Their hearts' blood trucks ita parent lake' to the ' parent country ; and why should not we and they be as friends — as brethren ? We are so at present — long may we continue so! At this distant part of the world, the Americans must have heard the same language which they use, and witness the same mode of life to which they have themselves been accustomed with strange feelings, but at the same time with great pleasure. The expedition will, we have no doubt, be beneficial to science; am) this Colony will still farther be appreciated. Books j relating to colonial affairs, and colonial news- 1 papers will be dispersed throughout llie United States; and the people here will be brought into notice. Some of the gentlemen connected with llie squadron have remained in the colony for the 'purpose (A prosecuting scientific pur suits; and we are quite sure, that in the jour neys which they may find necessary to make, they will experience (hat hospitality for which the settlers of New Sovth Wales are so emi nently distinguished. With respect to all and sundry on board the squadron that has left us, we express a hope that they have passed a merryChristmas here; and a sincere hope that they may enjoy a happy new year, wherever they may be. — Ibid. Steam to L.vgland —Whenever the pro ject of bavins steam communication between Sydney and England is attempted to be car ried into effect, as a mailer of course great difficulties will spring, and every person who points out what these difficulties are likely to be, is deserving of the thanks of the public, for the old proverb'of forewarned.forearraed,' is particularly applicable. Having this view, we were much pleased, a few months since to see that various letters on the subject appeared in some of the papers of the day, some of which, although under different signatures, bore evi dent marks of being the production of the same writer. The object of these letters was to shew the great number of difficulties that will occur to prevent steam navigation to England from being carried inlo effect, and the writer over and over again declared (hat the experiment of crossing the Atlantic in the Great Western was. a failure. This was an assertion we could not understand, for every batch of European papers we re ceived contained accounts of the manner in which this splendid vessel was making her trips, almost with the regularity of a mail coach, her longest trip having been only nine teen days, and her shortest twelve and a half. Surely this cannot be considered as a failure. A lute number of the Alhenwum contains a letter from New York, giving a detailed account of one of the voyages of (he Great Western from England to America, from which we gather the following particulars. The ship left Bristol May 18lh, at half-past three, p.m., and arrived at llie New York quarantine ground at 1 1 o'clock on the night of the 31st, thus making the passsge in thirteen days, seven houis and a half. The following distances were run by the los : — Miles. Miles. May 19 ? 160 May 26 ? 240 „ 20 ? 202 „ 27 ? 261 „ 21 ? 220 „ 28 ? 230 „ 22 ? 246 „ 29 ? 247 „ 23 ? 240 „ ao ? 240 „ 24 ? 240.,, 31 ? 191 „ 25 ? 234 to eleven o'clock, p. m. A Boston pnper of June 3rd says, ' On Sun day, we received London papers of the 17th May, the Iowa Arews of the 11th; by the former we have intelligence six days later than by tlie latter, from a portion of our own territory.' As connected with this remark we may mention, that since the overland steam communication to India by tlie way of the Red Sea, we often have English news by the way of Calcutta, almost as late as we have it direct; and by the Hobart Town papers, a few months since, we observed that our Tosroanian neighbours had later Eng lish news by tlie way of India than they had direct. We shall at all times be glad to see articles and letters appear in the papers upon die important subject of steam communication to Europe, because the more the subject is agi tated1 the better ; but let noi the opponents of the measure attempt, in support of their views, to say that the Gnat Western has failed, for both in England and America she is considered to have been eminently uiimwfiil. 