ANECDOTES OF THE ORIGIN OF WORDS. If ono turns up Dr. Johnson, or any other graro etymologist, the term news is found as- cribed to ihe Latin novus, now. Wo cannot help admitting that this derivation is a. very probable one ; still ho must havo beon a vory ingenious and clover follow who hit upon another way of accounting for the origin of the word, by representing it, namely, as com- pounded of the first letters of tho cardiual pi'ints, North. East, West, and South ; - whereby is to bo understood ihal news signi fíes information from all quarlcrá. This is a good idoa, and worthy of u-ite, thought it bo fanciful. The word Sarcasm has a fearful derivation. It comes from the Greek sai' cadso, to pick the flesh off; and in truth, sar- casm may be justly said to pick the flesh, not of}' the body, but off the mind-if such an expression is allowable. Does any of our readers know what is the origin or derivation of the .'word gas ? If any one of theso s.imo readors is sitting by the ii esido- for nights ure now chill -and is engaged in going over Hie Journal aloud, for the benefit of a dear littlo domestic circle, let bim lay it down upon his knee, and put the question around, ' Who can tell the derivation of the word gas?' And if noone can say, as may very readily bo tbo case, sinco jgTodd's Johnson merely calls it a word invented by the che- mists, then let bim read on, and let them know thal tho term gas sprang from the same source asghaist or ghost, both being from a Teutonic word signifying .spirit or supernatural being, and variously spelt gas, ghais, or otherwise, according to the dillorent Teutonic dialects. Now, some of the miner ii springs of Ger many, exhale a vapor, which hangs above them in the somblanco of a light thin clond. This being seen, was occasionly taken for a ghniä or ghost, but tiles'- who had a littlo wit at their finger ends, knew tho thing to be neither more or less than a vapor. From this deceptive appearance, however, arose the custom of applying ihe lerm gas to all vapors, or aeriform bodies, and being adopled by tho continental chemists, the word soon became universal in this sense. Upon the same piin ciplo which led us to call the Pope a 1 ridge maker, we might say. our streets arc lighted with ghosts! By the bye, may not this cir- cumstance of vapor arding from natural snrings, under certain states of tho atmos- phere, be the origin, source and foundation of all (ho while lading that ever haunted wells, from the Naiads of old Greece,- to that beau Kui apparition that flitted for a moment be- fore Ihe gaze of the last Lord of Ravenswood, when in fulfilment of his sad doom, he sought to win the heart and hand of tho unhappy brido of Lammermuir ! The word calamity has a very curious ori- gin. If is derived from calaniu. a Latin word Dignifying reed anti also, a stalk of corn. Now, the Rom ins in their early days, be- fore they became attached to much less praise- worthy pursuits, were great farmers, and reckoned a storm which destroyed their crops one of the heaviest possible misfortunes. On a storm of this kiud, fiom tho nature of the property which it chiefly injured, they be slowed the name of calamity. League, in the sense of a union or association, is a ¡word of uninteresting etymology, but it is other- wise when it signifies a measured space three miles. Formerly it must bo understood, white stones usetl to be placed at the end of every three miles upon the republic's high ways, in each of the states of Greece, mich with the same view, wo suppose, as our own milestones are put up. The word for white, in Greek, is leuhos ; and fr»m leukos, ac- cording to the most probable etymology, caine the word league. Emolument is a word derived from a hum- ble source. It conies from mota, the Latin for a mill, and a first denoted the miller's profit or multure, but by and by came to signify gain of any kind, to whomsoever it fell. Conspirators is the next term to which we havo alluded, anti few words have a moro expressive origin. It springs from spiro, to breathe, and con, together ; and no doubt the Romans, who applied the word conspirators in its present sense, intended to express by it that plotters are obliged to breathe or whisper their purpose to each other for fear of dette tion. Talents unquestionably originated by the employment of the word in the New Testament, to signify the gifts bestowed by the Creator on man, Stiffrags is a remark- able word. Its presont meaning, we need scarcely observe, is the vote and voice of a person given at an election, or to decido any controverted point. It springs originally from the Latin snffrago-what docs the reader think?-the joint of a beast's leg? What earthly connection, it may-well be asked, has the leg of a horse, a cow, a pig, or any ober animal, to do willi a human being's vote ? Why, .the camel bends ils-suurago, or ¡is knee-joint, to permit its rider to mount; and, figuratively speaking, a mounting spiiit re- ceives a similar favor from those who help him on his course by their voles. From the resemblance of the camel's condi'ion to that of a supporting elector, is a vote called his suffrage, through the imaginative genius of some word-coiner. Tlio Roman soldiers, at some period of that people's history, received part of their pay in salt, sal iu their own language. This custom gave rise to the word saliry, a synonyme for stipend. Wo use tho verb to immolate, in the same sense as sacrifice. It does not, how- ever, primarily signify * to slay a victim,' but to sprinkle its head, before it was slaughtered, with barley- flour and salt. This composition of flour was called mala, probably from, the word signifying-a mill. All etymologists admit the word riva? to be derived from rivus, tbo Latin for a river or brook. But it is not so clear how the derivative word came to have the sense of antagonist or opponent. The most simple conjecture is, that the term rival was at first applied to the persons who had properties on differeut sides of. a stream, and were thus locally opposed to each other. Others imagine that it arose from the contents of those who feed their docks near the same stream, about tho possession of tho water. Bul the host account, we think,of tho matter, is that given by a French writer, which wo now translate. -" The- term Rivals properly designated those who had rights of fishery in one and the same stream ; as llicic rights were ollon tho subject of disputo boiwcnn the par- lies, the signification of rivals was ultimately extended to all who had conflicting preten- sions lo any thing." The derivation assigned lo the word Croco- dile is very fanciful. It is traced lo crocos saffiirn, and deilon, foaling; in ¡illusion to which roots old Fuller quaintly remarks, thal ' crocodiles' tears ure ne.vor true, save when lie is forced whero saffron grows, knowing himself lo Le all poison, and it to bo all anto doto ; whence ho is called the saffron-fearer.' Other derivations, also, aro mentioned, but we must take Icavo to regard them all as equally doubtful with tho statement lhat the crocodile has tho faculty of shodding tears in ihe excess of his emotion!'. We are not very sure that our juvenile friends «till bo at all disposed to aequiosce in (ho appropriateness of the derivation of the word School. Its root is said to bo the Greek word sc'iole, easo ; and tho freedom, from bodily toils, of those who cngagod in the pur- suits of learning, is held lo have originated the term School. " Times aro changed," we think wo hear some hopeful youngster say ; " the body is not now so froo from toil, and sore annoy, as all that comes lo."- But let lhat paBs ; the ferule will disappoar. People have often attempted lo analyse the word Genius. Its etymology, we imagine, settles that very fairly. It is from genitus, the Latin for generated or bom; and therefore the ori- ginal meaning of genius, seems to be, ' that which is horn with us.' We must confess, however, that it is often a difficult matter to tell what qualities aro natural to a man, and what, arc acquired- unless, indeed, phreno- logy is resorted to in tho matt' r, which is n proceeding the world does not appear to be inclined in all casos lo adopt. Caprice, a worihsignifying something freakish, fanciful, whimsical, is understood to como from the Latin Caper, a goat-an animal which is said occasionally to display, upon the mountainous slopes whero it browses, a peculiar friskiness of temperament-a tendency to kick up its heels, and to perform other humourous feats, which fully justify the derivation from its name of the word under consideration. Caper -tho English word-is, doubtless, from Iho same source. Congruiiy is a word that properly signifies ' a coming together.' It is compounded of con, together, and grus, a crane; cranes being remarkablo for their re- gularity and uniformity, when flocking toge- ther for tho purpose of migration This is tho (ruo etymology of the. word congruity. Few persons, wo should suppose, thought much about the origin of tho word funeral. This gloomy term signifies, in the original Latin, a rope otid, being derived from the word funis, a ropo. Burials, among Iho Ro- mans, were anciently solemnized by torch- light, aud the torches wero composed of cord or rope, with wax and rasin about them. H etico the term funeral. Mausoleum is a »ord of congenial meaning. It oiiginated in the circumstance of a widowed queen of old erecting a splendid tomb oier the remains of her husband, whose name was Mausolus. The tomb was admired, and the name in a monumental character, perpetuated. Sti- pulate is a word derived from stipula, the Latin for a slrarv. This is a point admitted, but .'i other respects the etymology is dubi- ous. Ouo author says thal, in claiming, buy- ing or mortgaging ground, straws were used or exchanged, to represent ground, and there- fore such a transaction was called a atijula tion. O her authors say that ibu ancients, in entering into mutual engagements, broke straws, and the subsequent junction of ihe straws denoted the recognition of the com- pact. Whatever muy bo the way in which straws wore used in making contracts, eeitiin it is that they were used in many countries ; and heneo the phraso S¿Í»K/ÍIÍÍO« originated. Chambers' Edinburgh Journal. Irish Orangeivn. - *' Put forward Sulkey Douce "said thu gaoler, and forward she came, nothing loth, in the confidence of her newly acquired finery. " How is this, Mr. Governor !'' observed Ins Excellency ; ' (he dove has moulted her plumage, and ¡¡lates in the gorgeous feathers of a macaw 1 ' The representative of her Majesty then proceeded to ex- hibit his personal interrogatories, which, with the answeis of the simple maiden, may bj civen without interruption by any reference lo the diematis personoe. ' Of what do you complain? ' ,' Of persecu ion, my Lord." .. Proof 1" " I was tried twice far the same offence." " This is one distinct charge." " I think it is a pair of charges,- my Lord, if I ought not to have been tried at all." "Well, proceed.'" "I W.IB tried for setting fire io the minister's haggard. When O'connell got to the head of affairs hu ordeicd, of course, thai there shuuld bo no more challenges on the part of the Crown, that his poor people might have fair play for their livtB, and accordingly when it carne lo my mm I got so many of my fri nda and relations, on the jury as 1 could, but, a« the Orangemen had transported six ol them, t had not a fiiend in the jury-box but nine and they were all for ' not guilty ;' but the other three villains, who were neither killi nor kin to me, and who could not have known me as well as my own flesh and blood-those three villains would not believe thu oaths of the nine friends who knew nie well, and who were all ready to swear that I wjs innocent, and the (hree who were strangers io me said 1 was guilty. Well, please your noble Excel- lency, 1 was tried again at the next assizes, and all my nine relations attended as jurors, a; in duty bound, except ive, who evere clapped julo gaol by the Orangemen on all sorts of frivolous pretences of murder, and burning, and ribandism, and »hat not, and I had but four friends ielt rae, and the Orange judge would not let one of (he four upon the jury, because (hey had tried ii before, suiely (hat was the very reason why they were the finest persons of all other to try it again. But Ibis was not all. The Orange judge not only shut out my people from the jury-box, but pul my life, and life is sweet io young or o d, at the muioy of twelve strangers." " You had a ri^ht ofclial'enged ? ' "Ichallenged twenty,my Lord,and the Orange judge would not let me challaugc any more, and the labt twelve were the worst of the batch-a set ol Bour-looking old fellows, who looked as if they thirsted for ihe blood of a Catholic; but 1 shall set in judgment against (hem yet. And (hen, your noble Excellency, when Hie trial came on, how did ibu Orange judge treat a poor harmless, igno-ant pill, who had nobody to stand up for her? I had seven alibi witnesses to prove that at the very time I put the lighted turf under the rick of corn, I was then fast ask-ep, al ending a sick child of my aunt's second cousin, in the county of Limerick, more than fo'ly miles oir."-¿From. " Prison Scenes'' in the London Times.) Alarming State of Fever in Belfast. Fever has become an epidemic in our town, and is raging most fearfully in the lanes and aliéis. I tie mortality is scarcely less than during the ravages ol tho cholera, whole families are cast down in it at once ; (hey. do not receive sufficient care or attendance, and, in most instances the majority of them fall victims to the malady. The pre- valence of ihe disease, is, in a very great measure, owing to bad food ; but there are other concurrent causes which greatly «ggrivate the evil. When ono membor of a poor family is seized with fever, he is not instantly removadlo the hospital, but on the contrary is kept at homo until all the rest are infected with the milady. It is moot deplor able to seo these creatures sometimes lying three in a bed-sometimes in the same apartment where several blacksmiths uro working at a forge, mid where they could not sustain life unless they possessed the nature oi a sala- mander. Besides, (he back streets, courts, and lanes are in euch a state of tilth, that the very air is impregnated willi infection. A board of health has been several months in existence, and still we have not been able to discover any remedy they have applied for tlieae alarming evil». Belfast Vindicator, 