MISCELLANIA. ' Girls of the Independent Press % — " Since you mention the ' independent factory girls, you ought not to forget the girls of of our independent press," observed the Bostonian. " What sort of girls are those V demanded my friend' " They are employed as compositors and press men in our printing office," replied the Bostonian "reducing the wages of our journeyman printers, and preparing themselves for housekeeping by composing the works of our best authors. I know two of them who became expert cooks composing the 'The Frugal Housewife,' by Mrs. Child; and a third prepared herself for her approaching marriage by|setting up ' The Mothers Book.' The girls you must know, are distinguished by a highly aristocratic feeling, and would no more condescend to speak to one of onr waiting- women then the wife of a president of ail insurance office would deign to leive a card for the poor consort of a professor in one of our colleges. They dress and act as ladies, and if you do not believe their claims to gentility.' they will show them to you in point." 41 It is not more than a month ago that ' while in Washington, I had occation to call at the office of one of my friends, who is an editor of a daily paper. Not finding him there I entered the press room, where much to my surprise, I found the pretty girls dressed as if they had been measured by Madnm Viclorine, and in bonnets correa- popding to the last fashion of the Rue Vi/'nne, busily engaged in multiplying the speeches of our orators and statesmen. This however, was done in the most dignified . manner; for when I asked for the master of the establishment, where could find him, when he would be in, &c.; one of them, in lieu of an answer, merely pointed to a large placard stuck to one of the columns which supported the ceiling on which there was the following peremptory request, printed in gigantic letters. — " ' Gentlemen are requested not to stand , and look about — because the Ladies don't like it.' " "And did you immediately leave the room ?' inquired the doctor. " I had no other alternative," replied the Bostonian ; "If I had remained one minute longer there would have been an article against me in our next morning's paper. This is a sort of trades aristocracy formed by the female part of our population; for such seems to be the disgust of our girls for domestic occupations, that they will rather become tailoresses, printers, or book-binders to work at a manufactory then degrade them selves by 'living out.' And yet 1 am boun- to say they maintain their aristocratic dignity belter than many a stockholder s wife an'd daughters ; and 1 have never known a single instunce in which they did not completely succeed in keeping their fellow-workmen in subjection, and at a proper distance." " This deserves a sentiment," cried the doctor; ',let us call on our friends from Massachusetts to propose one," With all my heart gentlemen" said the Boston lawyer. "1 give you 'The Young Ladies Trades' Unions, and their champion, Mr. C y of Philadelphia ; may they never reduce the price of labour of their fellow- workmen, hut rather succeed in rais ing their own ! ' " " Bravo !" shouted the company ; ' and worth as much again, coming from such a source. Old C -y himself could not have proposed a nobler sentiment. Pity it wont be published; it would make him immensely popular." National Advantages of Yachting. — To what does Eng'and owe her political and commercial greatness but to her maritime superiority? And this superiority arose no nearly so much from Ihe number or qua lity of her vessels as from the seamanship and invincib'e spirit of her incomparable tars. " The Spaniards can build ships (tx claimed the gallant Nel-on), but, thank God, they cannot make men !' What, therefore, can be lit tier calcu'ated to form superior sailors, and maintain our envied naval supre macy, than the system of yatching, so iaudi bly and fie extensively encouraged by the wealthy, the influential, and the magnates ol the land ? -Sportsman. My voice is sttil lor war, said the gal lant Evans; to an officer who fought in Spain, the other day, in alluding to th< recent events. « Yes,' Baid the officer, devilish still.' One of Van de Weyer's servants having recently heard rum called spirit, asked tin waiter at a Windsor inn, who had given bin itis grog too much reduced. ' Vat de divi for dont you put plenty of ghosts on dv top of de water ? Conscientiousness. — " I shall prevent the use of ardent spirits," as the grocer said when he watered his liquois. Significant announcement. —The follow ing appears in a Nottingham Paper ;— l he public are hereby informed that the believers and friends in the doctrine of Rion Ward have nothing to do with Squires or the dovi| at Nottingham." 