IORD JOHN RUSSELL. iFROM PEN-CILLINs OF POLITICIANS] 'KNOW not whether Lord John Russell is, at the time I write, a first class politician; for in these days great events take place in very short periods, and he may suddenly have - become extinct altogether and for ever-discharged as unserviceable, and turned loose into the House of Peers. 'Twelve months ago, however, who -could -be a more important -subject for these sketches than little Ldrd John, the leader of the House of Commons, and then, alas only then, the main stay of the Whigs! Who could be more conspicuous as a theme -of controversy than the man who at one time headed the impetuous tide of Reform, hurrauing on 'the mighty masses of the Unilos, and entering theTory citadel, sword in hand;' and at. another, stands himself in the breach, he has helped to make, and exerts the whole force of his shoulders to push his brawny followers back?-who at 'one moment tosses Reform to the people of England, and at amnther, grants a little justice -to the people of Ireland, and in a little while after stands forth as the bitter 'enemy ofallReform, the champion of final ity, the advocate of perpetuity to the abso lute dominion of the landlords. As the prime mover of all these things, and as the first and leading orator of the House of Commons, 'how - great does. he appear upon paper! how little does he seem in the -House of Commons, or rather would he seem, if he were divested of the " hear," "'hear," "hear's" in which his supporters drown his stutterings. There lie stands, a little man in abrown coat, drab trousers, and Iight waistcoat, about forty-five years -old,'slightly made. 'To Raumur he appeared, according to Miss Austin's translation, to be "a little man, with a refined and intelligent, though 'not an imposing, air;" but, according to :the malicious version of The Quarterly Re -viewer, who has volunteered a translation of the same passage, " a little, sharp, cun ning-looking man, with nothing of an im posing presence." I have had the curiosity -to consult the ponderous German himself, and find his real opinion of Lord John to -be just midway between his two translators. =But let us look again- at our little, sharp, -cunning.- intelligent-looking friend. He ihas taken off his hat, and has risen to speak, and the -babel of conversation, the .shuffling, coughing, laughing, and talking, is a little hushed-he commences, and you ccan just hear that he is speaking-it is an important question he is about to answer, and the Houseat last becomes silent. Now you hear a weak voice, hammering and -stammering at every four or five sentences, and you wonder how a mah without figure, "voice, delivery, or fluency, could become -the leading orator of the House of Com mons. But look over that reporter's notes and read what he hits said. You will find no more eloquence to read than there was 'to hear, but mark how closely to the point -it was-how exactly calculated to the occa -sion-just enough-iiot an unnecessary word; remember how cool and unruffled :the little man replied to the abusive attack ithat called him:up; with what tacthe dis !posed of-the 'motion lie made, -without one 'word to the merits, and without a suspicion of excitement. Lord John has not the personal prowess of an Achillesi but'he has 'the cool .head and temperate judgment, vhich is far more useful in a modern gene •ral. He has been a long time climbing to his present altitude, nor-would heever have reached it had hlie -not been supported by the vast influence ofhis family connexion. The:Duke of Bedford is one of-the loftiest aristocrats of the most aristocratic tfaction for in aristocratic feeling and.exclusiveness the Whigs beat the Tories hollow; therefore Lord John, who was the politician ofthe f'amily, entered tile House iWith advantages whlicih, if hlie had any ability at all, could not fail to secure. him success. It took Lord Jolin some time to convince himsehl that hewasnotpossessedof anveryhigh order of tilent. He heroically added another to the little crowd of tragedies that have been , damned, under the name of Don Carlos; he wrote a very readable biography of his ill ushidii ncetoist, Lbord Willianm :Russ ll; and lie wrote also a work on the British 'Constitution, which only proved- that the %Whigs of:thatday had no opinion whatever 'of their own, and that they stood like a ship with her sails all set, ready to run he fore any breeze that popular opinion might blow, provided- always that it blew them into the port of office. These, works were \- iaone -of them very successful, ard Lord John 'was probably advised by his publisher to stick to the House of Commons,'and make themost of the Russell interest. • He did so, and havipg at length discovered how very mediocre were his powers, he brought industry and perseverance to their aid. The Whigs were now bidding for po 'u larity, and Lord John 'took up the question of Parliamentary Reform and made it his own : butthe took it up in a little ivay-not like Pitt, or Grey, Cartwright, or Tooke he felt his way along, and nibbled at the net which the boroughmongers had ,thrown over the Constitution. His sole aim seemed -to be to -distranchise Grampound, and to enfranchise one or tivb large towns. At that time no man was louder than Lord John Russell arid George Tierney in dlen'ouncing any general plan of Reform, or in cutting jokes upon the Ballot. Session after session did he repeat his -motion for what he called Parli'mne'ntary Reform, and we can all remember how it was laughed at by the Tories--as an annual farce. The people then did not know their own power, and they thought Lord John a hero even for the little he attempted. Bu't" a change came o'er the ,spirit of their dream," and Lord John had the sagacity to see, and the t ot tn -nnnunee that chaiine. He car ried the repeal 'f: the Test Act against Wellington's Tory ministry; he how had the masses, tihe s?irt 'facei and brawny limbs at his back; ?hdther rush, and down went the partition which shut out the Ca tholics. On, on again-hurrah for the French revolution--hnd forward-one more effort, cried Lord John, and down toppled the Wellington Cabinet. Who shall say the peoplg were ungrateful ? They had fought the btfttle,' they left to their leaders the division' of tlhe spoil, they con fided so strictly in their honour that not a word would they hear against their deci sion: and right fdolishly or dishonestly -lid Lord John thefi act. The huntsman gives the offal to his dog, and retains thej game himself.- Lord John did worse' he gave the offal among his sturdy followers, and divided all that was worth having, among the chaw- bacons, tlie squires, and the landlords-ithe very peoplewhose brute ignorance and illiterate assumption liad made them his most violent enemies. The people in their enthusiasm did ,not see this then: they have since become painfully convinced of it. Lord John also has seen it; but sorry I am to say he hashnot had the moral courage to admit his error. He feels as acutely as any man that he stands in a House of Commons where there is no shadow of liope for any other interests but those of the landholder, and where those interests are recklessly pursued to the de struction of every other. Yet he has never had the -courage to state what must have long been his conviction-that there must be a decisive step onwards, and that the Constitutioni must at last settle down upon~ Household Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, and Triennial Parliaments. lie has not the courage to embark upon a contest which must be as violeht, and probably as endur ing as that which preceded the gaining of Reform, and which always demanded, as a sacrifice preliminary to its commencement, the breaking uip of the' existing Govern ment, and the re-construction of the Whig party. Russell takes his stand, therefore, upon the finality of his bill; and he will do so, until the popular cry :shall become so universal, and success so probable, that lie will see reason to surrender his position, and guide again the movement he cannot prevent-or, what at this moment, appears more probable, until he be passed by, and until bolder men shall efface his memory from men's minds. As to Lord John's present declarations, they do not stagger me. They are made for the present time, and they are applied to the present aspect of affairs-just as his declarations against Radical Reform were some seventeen years ago. To advance with the spirit of the age has always been his avowed creed. He has always advanced when he felt that the popular sentiment was with him, and; if he continues to be a politi cian he will again; for lie is the dupe of no stupid prejudice--he is neither passionate nor spiteful: I have hope of him, also, be cause he cannot be unconscious of his own individual insignificance; because he can not imagine that he is anything buit what his followers have made him; because lie cannot look around without seeing a hun dred liberal men, each more able than him self, who inmight supply h's defection. I have hopes of Lord John because I believe1 him honest, and because I know that dis honesty would be, to him, political ex tinction. The worst thing which has yet appeared connected with Lord John's name, is his last letter to his constituents. It ap-j pears to miie to be a declaration of disgust" for office, and a blow at parting dealt against his old friends and his old principles.I It would not be difficult to answer all his arguments out of his own mouth; but, if al man has changed his mind, it is of very little use to show him what his mind was before hechanged it. Whether Lord'John will continue to hold his station as a politi cian will depend upon whether he goes up to the House of Lords or not-a fact, which will, in all probability, be determined be fore these sheets are in the hands of the reader:. If he does, hlie will sink into an or dinary obstructive. If lie remains in the Commons, this finality slough will be rubbed offfrom him. Shame will, I think, prevent his following the example of Stanley and Burdett; and, if hlie stays among the liberals at all, the course of events will bear him onwards as itdid before. The letter tol the electors of Stroud, and a scheme of Household Suffrage and .the Ballot, are not a whit more unlike than were the Essays on the British Constitution and the Reform Bill of 1830. One word more to Lord John. I remem ber that in the last debate upon the repeall of thie Test Act Bill, in a speech worthy of a philosopher as well as a statesman, lihe ivwarned the iron- visaged old Duke tonote the signs of die hour. The Duke profited for a tiine by the advice, and he kept his power-hlie forgot the lesson, and he lost it. Let Lord John receive the advice he then gave.. Never didl the index of the popular mind point so unequivocally in favour ofthe Dissenters'as it now points in favour of further Parliamentary reforms. The coun try calls aloud for them wherever its voice ican be heard; the Radicals in Parliament support them to a man. Not a single liberal meimber opposes them who is not either constrained to do'so by his coninexion with 'the Government, or so lukewarm in his principles that you may as well reckon him at once among the Tories. Put no faith, Lord John, in the Canadian question -put no faith either in the Chartist rioting; rather draw from these thingsthe experience, that as the great body of Englishmen know when to stop, so will they be steady and determined in their well-considered advance. It needs no. ghost to tell you that ieither thie Canadian rebellion nor the people's charter is approved by the popular judg ment. You know-you well know, for your speech at Stroud declares it, that the Ballot, at least, is thus approved. You dared not to appear upon the hustings with out prevaricating upon thisquestion; if you appear there again you will not dare to prevaricate. Ponder it well, Lord John It it is the hour that makes you or undoes you. I wish you well, for I think I see in you the materials for a leader fitted for the age; but, if you still would lead, your cry must be "Forward." , You have no other hope, no other resource. You have no commanding powers ot mnind, no eloquence to stem the torrent throw yourself upon its foremost billow then, as you did when the reform storm rased, and you may vet make a name which shall force men here after to speak of'Lord John, as well as of Lord William, Russell. Continue for twelve months longer to pitch your voice against the people's, and to prate about finality, and twelve months' afterwards you will be the most insignificant and powerless public man in England. PERILOUS ADVENTURE AT THE FALLS OF NIAGARA.-An occurrence of the most thrilling interest recently took place at Niagara Falls, attended with imminent peril to the lives of two individuals, but re sulting in a most happy and providential deliverarice. The new bridge to Iris island is planted in a frightful rapid, where the current is from twenty to thirty miles an hour, and is only about one hundred or one hundred and fifty yards above the brow of the great precipice, or perpendicular fall. A carpenter named Chapin was engaged with others in covering the bridge, and while at work upon a staging about one hundred feet from Iris Island, accidentally lost his footing, and was precipitated into the rapids, and in the twinkling of an eye swept away toward the great cataract. Speedy and inevitable destruction seemed to await him; but fortunately he was un injured by the fall, and even in this most hopeless condition retained perfect self- possession. Turning his eye toward the only point of hope above the fearful precipice, he succeeded, by great dexterity in swimming, in effecting a landing upon a little island some twenty feet in width and length, the outermost of a group of little cedar islands situated some thirty or forty yards above the Falls, and about equidistant from Goat Island and the American shore. There he stood for an hour, looking calmly and beseechingly back upon the numerous spectators who lined the bridge and shores, but with whom he could hold no conversa tion on account of the distance and the roar of the rapids. There is a man in the vil lage of the Falls named Robinson, of ex traordinary muscular power, great in trepidity, and withal an admirable boatman, and he was probably the only one that could have been found within fifty miles, who generously volunteered his services to attempt reaching the island in a boat and bring Chapin off. A light boat of two oars, similar in construction to the Whitehall race-boats, was soon procured and he em barked. He proceeded with great delibera tion and consummate skill, darting his little boat across the rapid channels, and at the intervening eddies holding up to survey his situation and recruit his strength for the next trial. In a few minutes he neared the island, but a rapid channel still intervened, sweeping close to the island; and rendering. the attempt to land very difficult. He paused for a moment, and then with all his strength darted across and sprang from his boat--his foot slipped, and he fell backward into the rapid current. With the specta tors it was a moment of thrilling interest and breathless silence; his boat seemed in evitably lost, and himself in fearful jeopardy. Retaining, however, his grasp on the boat, he sprang in, and again seizing his oars, brought up under the lee of the little island. All again felt a momentary relief, but still the great labour and hazard of the enterprise remained to be overcome. A cool head and a strong arm only could effect it. Robinson proved equal to the task. Taking his companion on board, in the same careful and deliberate manner, though at infinitely greater hazard and labour, they effected a safe landing on Goat Island. There the spectators assembled to give them a cordial greeting. A scene of great ex citement ensued; the boat was drawn up the bank, and it was moved and carried by acclamation that a collection be taken upon the spot for Chapin and his deliverer Rob- inson. After the collection Robinson and Chapin took their seats in the boat, and were carried in triumph on the shoulders of their neighbours to the village. The in terest of the whole scene was heightened by the presence of Chapin's wife and children, who stood on the shore watching with una vailing horror and agony what seemed his inevitable fate,-Buffalo Commercial Ad vertiser T-IE" QIEEN AND WESTALL TITE AR TIST, HER, MAJESTY'S PRiECEPTOR.-O On his death-bed (he had been hunted from his own- house-by the- lowest attorneys, extortioners, and sheriff's men) hie wrote to the Princess (wlio had not then ascended the throne,) whom hie adored, and told her that hlie had a blind sister dependant on him for support, that he was dying, and had no means - with which to provide for her, and.solicited her Majesty's protection. The Queen's answer was immediate, con taining words of sympathy and sincere regret, and saying that she had settled henceforth on his bereaved sister -1001. a year for life. Let the deed be registered in every English heart.--Britisl and Fo reign Review. POTATOES AND BROCoL.- It may be useful to country gardeners to be informed that after young potatoes are cleared from the rows; and the ground welldug in the form of sh'alloiv trenches, and manured, it will be found advantageous to transplint Spring brocoli plants in the trenches. This ycegetable flourishes greatly after the potatoe -as do6es alss wieat upon a larger scale in farming. The eKcrementitious matter o -the flax. plant, and also that of parsnips, is equally favourable with the potatoe to a good crop of wVheat, if sown after they are severally removed. HoMAi.--- Natike is industrious in adorn ingher' dominions; and' man, to whom this beauty is .addressed, should feel and 'obey the lesson. Let him, too, be in dustriont iibadorniig his home--in making his domaini-.the dwelling of his wife rind children-not only convenient and com forttible,' but pleasant. Let him, as far as circumstances will admit, be industrious 'in surrounding it witlipleasant objects, in decorating..it, within and without, with things that tend to make it agreable and attractive. Let industry make home the abode of neatness and order-a place which .brings satisfaction to every inmate, and which, in absence, draws back the heart by the fond associations of comfort and content, Let this be done, and this sacred spot will become more surely the scene of cheerfulness and peace. 