THE BLACKS. I In what state they are the must cost the country at this present time ? The> art M 14* u ta I mobs, armed with native weapons Btn J F at-arms-, I prepared to destroy property, to rob hut" to be Mr cattle, and to take away human life A 1; 1 1 1 all. In the same openly hostile manner that would oppose, with fire-arms, or otherwise, the officers of justice who are sent to put down or to apprehend them. Let us course, now, the white population in the same state and consider what would be the duty and even the conduct of the executive under such circumstances what it frequently, and we may say, very necessarily has on emergencies, and sometimes on occasions not half so pressing as the resent. Why, when the people of England I have risen- not, let it be but one in mind for obvious purposes of robbery and murder, but under great political excitement, or severe personal pressure', they have been, with only the intervention of the Riot Act and a down by dragoons, or fired upon by infantry General, open insurrections, by masses of people have never been regarded in the same light as covert crimes and c consequently no sane rulers ever dreamt of applying the same, remedied to then A rebellious, violation of the 1 cases of society amounts to H civil war; and an attempt, under such circumstances, to carry into effect the materials of peace, is to ensure impunity so that aggressors A question an es upon this as to whether these, principles are applicable to the present state of our province It will not be denied that if the blacks are to be treated as British subjects, their present condition of open insurrection would unquestionably bring down upon them the exercise of a rigour beyond the law. But we hear a KI eat deal about justice and humanity from pleasant dealers III exaggerated philanthropy, who fill the safe and easy chairs of unititetcUd sp ctators. These gentlemen can see injustice and ¡ubuuiniiit.}j I _;^^'ig§^',' Property is injustice" añdTtTluimanitv consists in I t M defence of the. ThE, too ponderous to be obeyed in so many wells, JANET the principles which they fired" and aSSEss, to no other einelusioii.jutftJBuy recreations men would give a lumped sheep to save the life of a fclltsvw^ju there, hit if that fellow-creature came with the * purpose of forcibly taking a hundred sheep it <|iiite*áljbtn the cases it is no longer an abstract question of the relative value of human life ugaii)stpro| city, but a question of might against right, as the industrious subject against the public rubies. At this point of the argument the defenders of the natives take refuge in the Iflckrytiose, poor fellows they are iiotrClui'«' tins they know no Letter they do not under turn law, and not having had the advantage of a classic education their ideas are not exact about the meaning of meum, and tuum." For the sufferers this is poor plaster, for the logic of their advocates a " most lame and impotent conclu- sion." The lower orders of England are for the most part uneducated, but we have never any bowels of compassion for that -ignorance, which marched into our house and marches off with cut spoons; and for the I while reason have we; no compassion on savage robbers, because there is no one of them so ignorant at got to understand the distinctions of right and wrong.' We say tin so that its present conduct of the blacks is that of open and declared hostility, and that it is the duty of the Government to take measures accordingly. The Government reply, and with some justice, " we will not be bound to follow squatters with police to whatever distances ihcychooss to go.". But this defence will not serve their turn here, for, with no less impunity than contary, The aborigines commit their aggres- sions within five miles of Melbourne, and, verily, if they are allowed to go unpunished they will soon, like DiNG jo's Ghost, rise " and push us from our Wools." Great stress is also laid in the Colonial eSrcieliiry's letter on the additional police which the Government have fitted out for her protection of the settlers This is exactly introduced, but this is not where the shoe pinches. We do not complain so much of the want of police at of the orders under which they act; in obedience to which, instead of breaking Uictii a tenor to evil doers, renders them and their powers objects of mimicry and scorn to three knowing, though savage enemies. the progress of the chief of an armed tiibethiough the) districts of Australia Felix, is more like the march of a conqueror than the passage of a penS ful citizen; he levies contributions on whomsoever he pleases, and to what extent he pleases; shoots any body who attempts to stop him, and finally " laughs at the beards" of those who threaten him with const quences He knows that he bears a charmed life though the invisible Saints who are thereby guardian angels of his steps have no place either in his knowledge or his creed. Herald. 