. EXTRACTS. "A Critost.— That apparitions do not always wander without sufficient cause, is proved in a well attested fact, which we copy with the en dorsement of the Montreal Transcript. Some time ago, as Mrs. — (a lady of literary taste and rather studious habits) sat reading in her drawing room, when the clock; on her mantle piece struck twelve. As the last stroke rever berated through the apartments, the door was suddenly flung open. In the act of raising her head to reprove the intrusion (unriirg for) of her servant, her eye rested on the form oi her late husband; she screamed and fell sense- less on the carpet. This brought up such members of the family as had not yet retired to rest; restoratives were administered, and when Mrs. had regained possession of her suspended faculties, and being a woman- of strong mind and highly cultivated intellect, she felt' disposed to consider the whole distress she had undergone, as the result of certain as sociations between, the melancholy tale siie'had been perusing and her late loss, operating on a partially deranged system. She, however, con sidered it advisable her maid should repose in her chamber, lest any return of what she had determined tp -consider a nervous affection | should distress herself and alarm the family. A. night or so aftfer', -feeling stronger arid in better spirits than she had enjoyed for- several months past, Mrs. —— dispensed with the presence of her attendant, retiring. alone trt her chamber, and- went to her bed a little before ten o'clock. - Exactly as the clock struck tivelve,- she was awakened from sleep, and. distinctly beheld the apparition she had before seen advancing from the table (on which stood her lamp), till it stood opposite, to, and drew aside the curtains j of her bed. A sense of suffocating oppression deprived her -of all power to scream- alond. She describe her very, b'ood as retreating with icy chiliness to her heart from every vein. The countenance of her beloved in life wore not its benevolent aspect; the eyes, ;once beaming with affection, were now fixed in stern regard on the trembling half-dissolved being, who with the courage of 1 operation, thus adjured him: " Charles! dear Charles ! why are j-ou come again?" "Jessie," slowly arid solemnly aspi rated the shadowy form, waving in his hand a | small roll of writing-paper;' "Jessie, dear I Jessie ! pay my newspaper account, and let me rest in peace.'' — American Paper. Hints to, Lady Bathers.— From the mo ment the blood ceases to come to the surface, 'and the skin feels cold, there is- danger in re maining in the water, arid mischief has already. ; been done :by too long: an immersion. The . .best and most . healthy cold baths are those which do not exceed five minutes, and theskin,' alter leaving the water, feels warm, and has a tendency to redness, a red colour being instan taneously developed on the application of the dry towel.. In some individuals of very, fair complexion and thin cuticle, the skin becomes immediately red by the reflux of blood, and may therefore serve to indicate, -without the aid of sensation, whether further immersion may be indulged in or not. Ladies fond of &ea; bathing as a luxury, and a pleasant bracer of the whole animal economy, should never exceed a couple of good dips. Rubbing the whole surface of the skin during several mi nutes, should immediately succeed in. the bath ing machine; and be followed , by a brisk walk home. F.ffbcts of Irrigation and its Absence, — I have heard it doubted by those who are- fully competent-to judge, whether. the popula tion of Persia is on the decrease. Numerous tracts of land, it is true, are now deserted, which bear traces of former cultivation ; but, on the ether hand, in districts more removed from the main roads which traverse the coun try, new villages have sprung up. The' de struction of a single aqueduct may oblige the inhabitants of a whole district to emigrate, while the opening of a new canaut gives birth to thriving villages. The effect of irrigation is almost magical : immediately adjoining the most .barren , tract may be seen rich vineyards and corn-fields, interspersed with orchards and walnut-trees of noble growth, which spring up wherever there is moisture, with incredible | rapidity, beneath the -vivifying rays of an ( eastern sun. But still more rapid is their decay when the stream is diverted from its channel, and one summer's drought suffices to efface the labour of years. — Hurkctru. An old lady for twenty successive years darned stockings with the .same needle, in fact s j used was the same needle to its_ work, tliat frequently on the lady's, leaving! the- room it, would continue darning without her ! When the old lady, died the needle was found by her relatives, and for a long time no one could I thread it, nor could they discover what ob structed the thread, wheu hv microscopic ob- servation, they observed a tear in it. 1 — New York Paper. " I —————— El 