OPENING OF PARLIAMENT BY HER MAJESTY, JANUARY 16TH. Within a few minutes of two o'clock the trumpets and guns announced the arrival of the Royal cor- tege, and after a short lapse of time the Queen, pre- ceded by the great officers of state, and attended by her household, entered the house. On her Majesty's entering the peers and ladies present rose in silent greeting; but immediately her Majesty had taken her seat, and the Duchess of Sutherland had adjusted her robes, she graciously commanded all present to be seated. The dress worn by the Queen, indepen- dent of the royal robes of purple, was a splendid gold sama, decorated by a brilliant stomacher and a necklace of brilliants. On her head she wore the imperial crown. The approach of the speaker was made sensibly audible by a rush which scarcely per- mitted the right honorable gentleman and his ushers to make the customary obeisances to the throne as they approached the bar, and some minutes elapsed before silence was so far restored as to permit her Majesty to commence the following address :- "MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN-Since you were last assembled I have declared my intention of al- lying myself in marriage with the Prince Albert, of Saxe Coburg and Gotha. I humbly implore that the divine blessing may prosper this union, and ren- der it conducive to the interests of my people as well as to my own domestic happiness, and it will be to me a source of the most lively satisfaction to find the resolution I have taken approved of by my par- liament. "The constant proofs which I have received of your attachment to my person and family, persuade me that you will enable me to provide for such an establishment as may appear suitable to the rank of the Prince and the dignity of the crown. " I continue to receive from foreign powers assu- rances of their unabated desire to maintain with me the most friendly relations. I rejoice that the civil war which had so long disturbed and desolated the northern provinces of Spain has been brought to an end by an arrangemnent satisfactory to the Spanish government and to the people of those provinces, and I trust that, ere long, peace and tranquillity will be established throughout the rest of Spain. The affairs of the Levant have continued to occupy my most anxious attention. The concord which has prevailed amongst the five powers has prevented a renewal of hostilities in that quarter, and I hope that the same unanimity will bring these important and difficult matters to a final settlement in such a manner as to uphold the integrity and independence of the Ottoman Empire, and to give additional se- curity to the peace of Europe. I have not yet been enabled to re-establish my diplomatic relations with the court of Teheran, but communications which I have lately received from the Persian government inspire me with the confident expectation that the differences which occasioned a suspension of those relations will soon be satistactorily adjusted. Events have happened in China which have occasioned an interruption of the commercial intercourse of my subjects with that country. I have given, and shall continue to give, the most serious attention to a matter so deeply affecting the interests of my sub- jects and the dignity of my crown. "I have great satisfaction in acquainting you that the military operations undertaken by the Governor General of India have been attended with complete success; and that, in the expedition to the westward of the Indus, the officers and troops, both European and Native, have displayed the most distinguished skill and valour. " I have directed that further papers relating to the affairs of Canada should be laid before you, and I confide to your wisdom this important subject. " I recommend to your early attention the state of the municipal corporations of Ireland. " It is desirable thaat you should prosecute those measures relating to the established church, which have been recommended by the ecclesiastical com- missioners of England. " GENTLEMEN OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS-I have directed the estimates for the services of the year to be laid before you. They have been framed with every attention to economy, and at the same time with a due regard to the efficiency of those es- tablishments which are rendered necessary by the extent and circumstances of the empire. "I have lost no time in carrying into effect the intentions of parliament by the reduction of the du- ties on postage, and I trust that the beneficial effects munity. "MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN-I learn with great sorrow that the commercial embarrassments which have taken place in this and other countries are subjecting many of the manufacturing districts to severe distress. " I have to acquaint you, with deep concern, that the spirit of insubordination has in some parts of the country broken out into open violence, which was speedily repressed by the firmness and energy of the magistrates and the steadiness and good conduct of my troops. I confidently rely upon the power of the law, upon your loyalty and wisdom, and upon the good sense and right feeling of my people, for the maintenance of order, the protection of property, and the promotion, as far as they can be promoted by human means, of the true interests of the empire." PRINCE ALBERT'S NATURALIZATION BILL. A Bill entitled An Act for the Naturalization of his Serene Highness Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha. Whereas it hath pleased her Majesty most gra- ciously to declare her intention to ally herself in marriage with the Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha; and whereas a more grateful proof of the esteem and affection of the kingdom cannot be given to his Serene Highness than by an act of naturaliza- tion to make him capable of enjoying the rights and liberties which are enjoyed in this realm: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the Queen's Most Excellent Mlajesty, by and with tlhe advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the autho- rity of the same, that Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha, when and so soon as he shall have taken the oaths of allegiance and supremacy before the Lord High Chancellor, which oaths the Lord High Chancellor is hereby authorised to administer, shall be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, deemed, taken, and esteemed to be a natural-born subject of this kingdom, as if his Highness had been born within this realm, any law, statute, matter, or thing to the contrary notwithstanding. 2\. And be it enacted, that the Lord High Chan- cellor shall, immediately after such oaths shall have been taken before him, certify the same, and cause such certificate to be recorded in the High Court of Chancery. 3\. And be it enacted, that when and so soon as the said marriage shall have been celebrated it shall be lawful for her Majesty to give to the said Prince Albert, for and during the term of his natural life, such place, precedence, and rank, after her Majesty, in Parliament and elsewhere, as her Majesty shall deem fit and proper, any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding. THE QUEEN'S MARRIAGE. Monday, 10th February, being the auspicious day appointed for the celebration of the nuptials of our young and gracious sovereign with her royal cousin Prince Albert, of the house of Saxe Coburg and Gotha, was celebrated as an universal holiday throughout the metropolis. The whole of its vast population seemed to be in motion from the earliest hour. As early as six o'clock in the morning the bells at all the principal churches in the metropolis ushered in the auspicious day with merry peals, and the flags were hoisted on the different towers so soon as day had fairly broken. At a very early hour crowds of anxious gazers were assembled in St. James's Park; even so early as six o'clock numbers were already stationed in the Mall, and near the entrance to the palace. The morning was blusterous, and a slight rain began to fall about seven. Notwithstanding this, numbers of respectably dressed persons, both male and female, continued to pour into the park from all quarters of the metropolis, and cabs and coaches might be seen, almost from daylight, pouring into the metropolis from every direction. At ten o'clock the rain fell in torrents, notwith- standing which the assemblage of visitors to the park became immense. Persons of all grades, from various parts of the metropolis and its environs, others from different parts of the country, many of whom had come from a great distance, foreign officers, with their decorations and orders, were observed anxiously waiting to view the procession, and take a glance at the royal bride and bridegroom. At half-past ten o'clock the foreign ambassadors began to arrive in quick succession, most of whom were loudly greeted by the spectators. The park presented one mass of human beings ; it was estimated that there must have been at least fifty thousand persons present. Most of the specta- tors wore white favours, and, in spite of the unfa- vourable weather and the wet and miserable state of the park, they waited with the greatest anxiety and good temper for the appearance of the procession. The equipages of the nobility, foreign ambassa- dors, &c.;, were of a splendid description, and elicited the warmest marks of approbation. The windows of the south end of St. James-street were crowded by fashionably attired females wearing white satin ribbons and scarfs in honour of the day, and the gentlemen, even in the streets, displayed white rosettes of a tasteful description on their breasts, having a lily projecting from the centre, and bearing in one of the bows the words Victoria and Albert, in gold. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent and the twelve bridesmaids were in attendance upon her Majesty at an early hour. The Princess Sophia Matilda of Gloucester, the Duchess of Cambridge, the Princess Mary, and the Princess Augusta of Cambridge. the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess Augusta, also arrived early at the palace, and were admitted to her Majesty's private apartments. The ladies of the bedchamber, the maids of honor, the pages, equerries, and the principal officers of state took their places according to their rank in the suites of rooms and galleries leading to the Queen's apart- ments to the grand hall. Shortly before twelve o'clock, the company having previously assembled in Buckingham Palace, the front gates were thrown open, and the cortege of his Royal Highness Prince Albert was seen approach- ing from the interior. The suite and followers of his Royal Highness occupied eight carriages. Prince Albert bowed repeatedly to the spectators, who re- turned his salutations with welcome plaudits. The prince appeared highly gratified at the enthusiasm. His Royal Highness was accompanied by his father the Grand Duke, and Prince Ernest. In a short time after the procession of the bridegroom had been received into the chapel, that of her Majesty was ob- served proceeding in the same direction. Her Ma- jesty was received with enthusiastic shoutings along the whole line, and every one in the vast assemblage appeared anxious to testify his loyalty. From the time of her Majesty's entering St. James' Palace the greatest interest appeared to be felt by the crowd. ST. JAMES' PALACE. Long before the hour appointed for opening the doors of the chapel royal to those distinguished per- sonages and members of the haut ton who had ob- tained the Lord Chamberlain's tickets of admission to the chapel royal, and the suite of state apartments through which the royal procession was to pass, the avenues in the vicinity of St. James' Palace were crowded with carriages, filled with the beauty, fashion, wealth, and talent of the nation, and con- tinued to set down without intermission until half past eleven o'clock, the hour at which it had been fixed the doors of the chapel and palace should be closed. The foreign ambassadors, the ministers of state, and the members of the most honourable the privy council were set down at the entrance in the ambassador's court, and the general company either alighted at the great gate of the palace, where a covered way had been erected to the chapel royal, or at the levee entrance door near Marlborough House. The servants of the nobility and gentry for the most part wore their state liveries, and were decked with wedding favours, and despite the unfavourable state of the morning the streets in the vicinity of the pa- lace presented not only an animated but very gay appearance. Here, as in the parks, the arrangements of the metropolitan force were admirable, and the regulations were, so far as came under our observa- tion, implicitly obeyed by the drivers of the numerous vehicles bringing spectators to witness the august and interesting ceremonial. Shortly after half-past nine o'clock the cabinet ministers began to arrive, and as most of them were not recognised by the as- sembled thousands they elicited no notice either of a plauditory or condemnatory character. The right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer was amongst the earliest arrivals, and was followed in succession by Viscount Melbourne, Lord Holland, Lord John Russell, the Marquis of Normanby, the Lord Chancellor (who came in state in three car- riages), Viscount Palmerston, and Lord Morpeth. At eleven o'clock, a squadron of the royal horse guards (blue), headed by their band in full state uniforms, entered the park, and formed at intervals along the line of route the centre mall; and now the anxiety of the spectators to secure from which even a slight glance could be gained of the royal procession was at its extreme height. Trees were ascended, lamp- posts were mounted, and in- secure footings were attained on the top of the iron railings by which the park is enfiladed. The roofs of Stafford House, the gate house, the palace itself, and Marlborough House, were crowded even to the chimney tops, and as the rain had now subsided, the scene had now become altogether most heart stirring. Presently a squadron of the life guards with their splendid band took their station in the court yard, next Marlborough House, and in front of the great gates at the foot of St. James'-street, At half-past eleven their Royal Hlighnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince George and Princess Augusta of Cambridge, arrived in state, escorted by a party of the life guards, and their Royal Highnesses were loudly cheered on their progress through the park, and were received by the guard in the garden with the usual honours. His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex followed a few moments afterwards, also escorted by a party of life guards, and his reception by the populace was most enthusiastic and cheering. THE CHAPEL ROYAL. At nine o'clock the doors of the chapel royal were thrown open, when the nobility and gentry who had obtained the Lord Chamberlain's tickets of admis- sion began to arrive. The arrangements were most admirable, and the decorations of the chapel were distinguished for simple chastity combined with elegance; there was no attempt at ostentatious dis- play, while a pleasing harmony characterised the whole. The altar and haut pas, which presented the most interesting portion of the day's proceedings, although very limited in extent, had a very splendid appear- ance. 'The whole was lined with crimson velvet, that portion over the communion table being hung with rich festoons of crimson velvet, edged with gold lace. The gothic pillars supporting the galleries above were gilt, as were the mouldings of the oaken panels which were exposed; the gothic railing round the communion table was also gilt. The communion table itself was covered with a rich profusion of gold plate, and on each side was a stool for the Arch- bishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London. On the left hand side of the altar, and on the haut pas, as you advanced up the aisle under the gallery, were four stools, with footstools to match for the re- ception of their Royal Highnesses the Duke of Sus- sex and the Duke of Cambridge, the Princess Augusta and the Duchess of Gloucester ; while on the oppo- site side were six stools of a like description, for the use of her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cam- bridge, the two Princesses of Cambridge, Prince George of Cambridge, Prince Ernest, the brother, and the reigning Duke of Saxe Coburg Gotha, the parent of Prince Albert. On the left side of the altar, and in front of the four stools we have de- scribed, were two state chairs, that next the railing of thie altar for her Majesty, and that nearer to the aisle for her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent. On the opposite side were also two state chairs, that next the railing for Prince Albert, and that nearer the aisle for the Dowager Queen Adelaide; each of these chairs was provided with footstools; while close to the railing of the altar were two fald stools for her Majesty and Prince Albert, used during the ceremony. The whole floor was covered with blue and gold pattern carpet, with the Norman rose. The remaining part of the interior, including the pews in the aisle, the seats in the galleries, and the ambas- sadors' closet, had the appearance of simple oak with gothic panels, scrolls, and mouldings, the seats be- ing covered with crimson cushions, with gold-colored fringe. The ceiling, which had been refreshed, and was adorned with the arms of Great Britain in va- rious colored devices and compartments, had a very tasteful appearance, and the light admitted from the gothic window over the altar, and from the windows on each side gave a pleasing mellowness to the whole. The colonnade through which the procession passed to the chapel was exceedingly well contrived, and admirably lit from the lanterns above and the windows behind. The seats, which were separated from the pillared colonnade by a dwarf railng, were covered with crimson cushions, with gold coloured borders and fringe, while all the remainder of this temporary structure had the semblance of having been con- structed withl solid masonry. The floor of the colon- nade was covered with rich Brussels carpet, which extended into the vestibule, up the grand staircase to the armoury, through the presence chamber to Queen Anne's drawing-room, and thence to the ante- chamber and throne-room, where her Majesty's and Prince Albert's portions of the procession marshalled. The seats throughout erected for the accommodation of the spectators were covered with crimson cushions and yellow fringe, thus sustaining uniformity through- out. They were railed off from the line of procession. Seated near the haut-pas were-the two Ladies Stafford, the Countess of Burlington, the Duchess of Hamilton, the Duke of Wellington, the Duke of Sutherland, the Duke of Bedford, the Duke of De- vonshire, the Countess of Carlisle, the Earl of Car- lisle, and the Marquis of Anglesee. It was calculated that rather more than five hundred distinguished individuals were present, and the scene was perhaps the most brilliant and imposing ever witnessed in this or any other country. The galleries were divided into six compartments, each of which was under the superintendence of two military officers, and the right to seats was regulated strictly by court etiquette and established precedence; con- sequently, there was not the least confusion or trouble occasioned by individuals taking possession of the places assigned them. The foreign ambassadors and ministers occupied the end of the gallery opposite the altar. Their dresses were of the most magnificent and costly description, and they all wore the medals and deco- rations of various orders. The head-dresses of the ladies were most profusely studded with jewels. The Speaker of the House of Commons arrived in state shortly after one o'clock. The Cabinet Ministers were all in attendance before eleven o'clock. They were attired in the Windsor uniform of blue and gold. The Knights of the Garter were decorated with the splendid insignia of that noble order. The Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London were early in attendance. The west gallery was under the superintendence of Colonel Diggle and Captain Boyle. Amongst those who arrived first were the Earl of Craven, Countess of Craven, Lady Mary Compton, the Solicitor Ge- neral and Lady, Lord Carrington, Lord Dalmeny, Earl of Derby, Miss Davys, Countess of Euston, Lord Adolphus Fitzclarence, Lady Louisa Fitzroy, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Colonel Fox, Lady Mary Fox, Lord Frederick Gordon, the Bishops of London and Norwich, Lady Augusta Gordon, Lord and Lady Robert Grosvenor, Lieutenant Ge- neral Hill, Lord Hill, Lord and Lady Lurgan, the Duke of Leeds, Lord Monteagle, the Marquis of Northampton, Lord C. Paget, the Bishop of Peter- borough, Lord William Russell, Lord and Lady Seymour, Sir William and Lady Somerville, Earl of Sefton, Countess of Sefton, Lord Saye and Sele, the Marquis of Tavistock, Lord and Lady Worsley, the Marquis of Winchester, the Marchioness of Win- chester, the Vice Chancellor, Lord Langdale, the Attorney General, Lord Denman, &c.; Shortly after ten o'clock the peers and peeresses arrived in rapid succession; it would be impossible to give their names; suffice it to say, that all the principal nobility of the land were present. The musical choir consisted of ten boys and six- teen men, and was under the superintendence of Sir George Smart, who presided at the organ. The Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London took their station at the altar at half-past eleven o'clock. The Queen Dowager arrived a few minutes before twelve o'clock, and took her seat near the commu- nion table. All present rose on her Majesty's entering the chapel, and remained standing until her Majesty desired them to be seated. Her Majesty appeared in excellent health and spirits. At half-past twelve the folding doors of the entrance of the chapel were thrown open, and im- mediately afterwards the drums and trumps in the distance announced the approach of the procession. His Serene Highness wore a Field Marshal's uni- form, with large rosettes of white satin on his shoul- ders. There was a flush on his brow as he entered the chapel, while his manly and dignified bearing and the cordial and unaffected manner with which he greeted those of the peers and peeresses around him with whom he had been previously acquainted, won all hearts, and many of those around either with their lips or hearts pronounced that Prince Albert was a consort worthy of Queen Victoria. Her Majesty wore a magnificent lace robe and veil of the most exquisite workmanship. The only ornament on her head was a wreath of orange flowers and a small diamond pin, by which the nuptial veil was fastened to her hair. Her train was of white satin, with a deep fringe of lace. Prince Albert met her Majesty at the haut pas, and conducted her to her seat on the right hand side of the altar. The appearance of the chapel at this moment was extremely animated and interesting. The pursuiv- ants, heralds, pages, and other attendants, all of whom wore wedding favours, occupied the lower part of the aisle, while the back ground of the picture, a doorway, was filled up by officers of the guards on duty, who were grouped in a compact body, as far as the eye could reach, till their waving plumes and steel corselets were lost in the distance. Immediately around her Majesty's chair were her twelve Maids of Honour, attired in virgin white, while in the centre sat her Majesty, " the leading star of every eye," Prince Albert standing on her right, and her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent on her left. A little further to the left stood the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, Lord Mel- bourne, the Lord Chancellor, and the other great officers of state. The Archbishop of Canterbury having advanced to the rails, her Majesty and Prince Albert ap- proached him, and the service commenced :-" I require and charge you both, as ye will answer at the dreadful day of judgment, when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if either of you know any impediment why ye may not be lawfully joined together in matrimony, ye do now confess it. For be ye well assured, that so many as are coupled together otherwise than God's word doth allow, are not joined together by God; neither is the matri- mony lawful." When his Grace came to the words-" Albert, wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honour, and keep her in sickness and in health; and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live ?" His Royal High- ness, in a firm tone, replied " I will." And when he said-" Victoria, wilt thou have Albert to thy wedded husband, to live together after God's ordi- nance, in the holy estate of matrimony ? Wilt thou obey him, and serve him, love, honour, and keep him in sickness and in health; and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto him, so long as ye both shall live ? "-Her Majesty looked up affectionately in Prince Albert's face, and replied, loud enough to be heard in every part of the chapel, " I will." The Archbishop then said-" Who giveth this woman to be married to this man ?" His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex ad- vanced, and taking her Majesty's hand, he placed it in Prince Albert's. The service then proceeded, his Royal Highness repeating after the Archbishop-" I, Albert, take thee Victoria to my wedded wife, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee my truth." Her Majesty then repeated the words-" I, Vic- toria, take thee Albert to my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and to obey, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I give thee my troth," in a manner which plainly showed that the ceremony was one in which her whole heart was interested. Prince Albert then placed the ring on her finger, repeating-"With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worlship, and with all my wordly goods I thee endow. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Archbishop then concluded the service as follows:-" O eternal God, Creator and Preserver of all mankind, Giver of all spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting life ; send thy blessings upon these thy servants, Victoria and Albert, whom we bless in thy name; that, as Isaac and Rebecca lived faithfully togelther, so these persons may surely per- form and keep the vow and covenant betwixt them made, whereof this ring given and received is a token and pledge, and may ever remain in perfect love and peace together, and live according to thy laws; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Those whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder. Forasmuch as Albert and Victoria have consented together in holy wedlock, and have wit- nessed the same before God and this company, and thereto have given and pledged their troth either to other, and have declared the santme by giving and receiving of a ring, and by joining of hands; I pro- nounce that they be man and wife together. ln the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." While the service was proceeding, her Majesty was observed to look frequently at Prince Albert, who was standing at her side. The service having concluded, the several mem- bers of the royal family who had occupied places around the altar returned to take up their positions in the procession. On passing her Maiesty, they all paid their congratulations, and the Duke of Sussex, after shaking her by the hand in a manner which appeared to have little ceremony, but with cordiality in it, affectionately kissed her cheek. After all had passed, with the exception of the royal bride and bridegroom, her Majesty stepped hastily across to the other side of the altar, where the Queen Dowager was standing, and kissed her. Prince Albert then took her Majesty's hand, and the royal pair left the chapel, all the spectators standing. We are not quite sute of the fact, but it struck us, that, although her Majesty went through her part of the ceremony with amazing dignity and self-posses- sion, whilst the archbishop was reading the concluding prayers and admonition she shed a tear or two. Certain it is that she applied for her handkerchief at the conclusion of the archbishop's address, and whilst a joyous and affable smile illumined her Majesty's features, it was pretty evident that the emotion within her bosom was of no ordinary cha- racter. While the procession was proceeding down the aisle, her Majesty spoke frequently to the Earl of Uxbridge, who was on her right hand, apparently giving directions as to the other of the procession. After the ceremony, the procession returned, her Majesty and her illustrious consort walking hand in hand, and acknowledged with gracious smile the cheers with which the walls of the ancient palace now re-echoed, for it must be observed that within the palace there were no acclamations as the proces- sion passed on its way to the chapel. THE ATTESTATION. On reaching the throne-room the form of attesta- tion took place, when her Majesty and Prince Albert signed the marriage register which was attested by the members of the royal family and officers of state present. A splendid table had been prepared for the purpose, and this part of the cere- mony with the magnificent assemblage by which it was witnessed presented one of the most auspicious spectacles of the day. Having remained a short time in the royal closet, Her Majesty and the Prince returned in the same carriage from the royal garden of St. James's to Buckingham Palace, and the generous greeting which burst from the crowds, whose numbers the pelting rain had not diminished, seemed to be in a great measure addressed to the ear of Prince Al- bert, who acknowledged the kindness evidently with deep feeling. WEDDING BREAKFAST. A wedding repast was prepared, at which several of the illustrious participators in the previous cere- mony, and the officers of the household and ministers of state, were present. It is needless to say that the taste and ingenuity of the confectioners and table- deckers were prominently displayed at the festival, a splendid wedding-cake forming a prominent object of attraction. The guests invited were the Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Coburg, the Prince Ernest, the Duke of Norfolk, Duke and Duchess of Bedford, Duke and Duchess of Sutherland, besides a large number of other peers, five gentlemen of the Duke of Coburg's suite, four of Prince Albert's, and the maids of ho- nour to the Queen. Among others present were the Duchess of Kent, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Sus- sex, Duchess of Gloucester, Prince George of Cam- bridge, the Princess Augusta of Cambridge, the Princess Sophia Matilda, the Archbishop of Can- terbury, Lord Melbourne, Lord John Russell, and the father and brother of the Prince. After partaking of the sumptuous dejeune the royal bridal party set out for Windsor, attended by the military, and on the road they were greeted by assembled thousands with the same affection and cordiality with the inhabitants of the metropolis. 