JIM SOOLIVAN. Jim Soolivan was a dacent, honest boy as you'd find in the seven parishes, an' he was a beautiful singer, an' an illigant dancer intirely, an' a mighty pleasant boy in himself; but he had the divil's bad luck, for he married for love, an' av course he never had an asy mo- ment afther. Nell Gorman was the girl he fancied, an' a beautiful slip of a girl she was, jist twinty to the minute when he married her. She was as round an' as complate in all her shapes as a firkin, you'd think, an' her two cheeks was as fat an' as red, it id open your heart to look at them. But beauty is not the thing all through, an' as beautiful as she was, she had the divil's tongue, an' the divil's timper, an' the divil's behaviour all out; an' it was impossible for him to be in the house with her for while you'd count tin, without havin' an argument, an' as sure as she riz an argument wid him, she'd hit him a wipe iv a skillet or whatever lay next to her hand. Well, this wasn't at all plasin' to Jim Soolivan, you may be sure, an' there was scarce a week that his head wasn't plasthered up, or his back bint double, or his nose swelled as big as a pittaty, with the vilence iv her temper, an' his heart was scalded everlastingly wid her tongue; so he had no pace or quietness in body or soul at all at all with the way she was goin' an. Well, your honour, one cowld snowin' evenin', he kim him afther his day's work regulatin' the men in the furm' an' he sat down very quiet by the fire, for he had a scrimmidge wid her in the marnin', an' all he wanted was an air iv the fire in pace; so divil a word he said, but dhrew a stool, an' sat down close to the fire. Well, as soon as the woman saw him, 'move aff,' says she, 'an' don't be inthrudin' an the fire,' says she. Well, he kept never mindin', an' didn't let an to hear a word she was sayin', so she kim over, an' she had a spoon in her hand, an' she took jist the smallest taste in life iv the boilin' wather out iv the the pot, an' she dhropped it down on his shins, an' wid that he let a roar you'd think the roof id fly aff ive the house. 'Hould your tongue, you barbarrian,' says she; 'you'll waken the child,' says she. 'An if I done right,' says he, for the spoonful of boilin' wather riz him intirely, 'I'd take yourself,' says he, 'an' I'd stuff you into the pot an the fire, an' boil you,' says he, 'into castor oil,' says he. 'That's purty behaviour,' says she; 'it's fine usage you're givin' me, isn't it?' says she, gettin' wickeder every minute; 'but, before I'm boiled,' says she, 'thry how you like that,' says she; an' before he had time to put up his guard, she hot him a rale terrible clink iv the iron spoon acrass the jaw. 'Hould me, some iv ye, or I'll murther her,' says he. 'Will you?' says she, an' with that she hot him another, tin times as good as the first. 'By jabers,' says he, slappin' himself behind, 'that's the last salute you'll ever give me,' says he, 'so take my last blessin' says he, 'you ungovernable baste,' says he; an' with that, he pulled an his hat an' walked out iv the door. Well, she never minded a word he said, for he used to say the same thing all as one every time she dhrew blood, an' she had no expectation at all but he'd come back by the time supper id be ready; but faix the story didn't go quite so simple this time, for while he was was walkin' lonesome enough, down the borheen, with his heart almost broke with the pain, for his shins an' his jaw was mighty trouble- some, av course, with the thratement he got, who did he see but Mick Hanlon, his uncle's sarvint by, ridin' down, quite an' easy, an the ould black horse, wid a halter as long as himself. [To make a long story short, Jim gets on the horse along with the boy, and is carried to his uncle's house, where he is drifted up with snow for upwards of a week. Meanwhile the mutilated body of a man is found near Jim's house, and being taken for Jim, is waked and buried as such. His widow, 'bad luck to her,' marries Andy Curtis, and all is comfort- able with the pair, when Jim finds his way back to his own door one very cowld night.] So one night (as the story proceeds), when Nell Gorman an' her new hus- band, Andy Curtis, was snug an' warm in bed, an' fast asleep, an' every thing quite, who should come to the door, sure enough, but Jim Soolivan himself, an' he beginned flakin' the door wid a big black thorn stick he had, an' roarin' out like the divil to open the door, for he had a dhrop taken. 'What the di- vil's the matther?" says Andy Curtis, wakened from his sleep. 'Who's batin the door?' says Nell, 'what's all the noise for?' says she. 'Who's in it?' says Andy. 'It's me,' says Jim. 'Who are you, and what's your name?' says Andy. 'Jim Soolivan,' says he. 'By jabers you lie,' says Andy. 'Wait till I get at you,' says Jim, hittin' the door a lick iv the wattle you'd hear a mile aff. 'It's him, sure enough,' says Nell; 'I know his speech; it's his wandherin' sowl that can't rest, the crass o' Christ betune us an' harm.' 'Let me in,' says Jim, 'or I'll dhrive the door in a top iv yis.' 'Jim Sooli- van, Jim Soolivan,' says Nell, sittin' up in the bed, an' gropin' for a quart bottle iv holy wather she used to hang by the back iv the bed, 'don't come in darlin' there's holy wather here,' says she; 'but tell me from where you are--is there any thing that's throublin' your poor sinful sowl?' says she. 'An' tell me how many masses will make you asy, an' by this crass I'll buy you as many as you want,' says she. 'I don't know what the divil you mane,' says Jim. 'Go back,' says she, 'go back to glory, for God's sake,' says she. 'Di- vil's cure to the bit iv me 'ill go back to glory, or any where else,' says he, this blessed night, so open the door at onst, an' let me in, says he. 'The Lord forbid' says she. 'By jabers you'd betther,' says he, 'or it 'il be worse for you,' says he'; an' wid that he fell to wallopin' the door till he was fairly tired, an' Andy an' his wife cras- sin' themselves an' sayin' their prayers for the bare life all the time. 'Jim Soolivan,' says she, as soon as he was done, 'go back, for God's sake, an' don't be freakenin' me an' your poor father- less children,' says she. 'Why, you bosthoon, you,' says Jim, 'won't you let your husband in,' says he, 'to his own house?' says he. 'You wor my hus- band, sure enough,' say she, 'but it's well you know, Jim Soolivan, you're not my husband now,' says she. 'You're as dhrunk as can be consaved,' says Jim. 'Go back, in God's name, to your grave, pacibly,' says Nell. 'By my sowl, it's to my grave you'll sind me, sure enough,' says he, 'you hard- hearted bain,' for I am jist aff wid the cowld,' says he. 'Jim Soolivan,' says she, 'it's in your dacent coffin you should be, you unfortunate spirit,' says she; 'what is it's annoyin' your sowl, in the wide world, at all?' says she; 'hadn't you every thing complate?' says she; 'the oil, an' the wake, an' the berrin?' says she. 'Och, by the hoky, says Jim, 'it's too long I'm makin' a fool iv myself, gostherin' wid you, outside iv my own door,' says he, 'for it's plane to be seen,' says he, 'you don't know what your'e sayin', an' no one else knows what you mane, you unforthunate fool, says he: 'so onst for all, open the door quietly,' says he, 'or, by my sowkins, I'll not lave a splinther together,' says he. Well, whin Nell an' Andy seen he was gettin vexed, they beginned to bawl out their prayers with the fright, as if the life was lavin' them; an' the more he bate the door, the louder they prayed, until at last, Jim was fairly tired out. 'Bad luck to you,' says he, 'for a rale divil av a woman,' says he. 'I can't get any advantage av you, any way; but wait till I get hould iv you, that's all,' says he. An' he turned aff from the door, an' wint round to the cow- house, an' settled himself as well as he could in the sthraw; an' he was tired enough wid the thravellin' he had in the day time, an' a good dale bothered with what liquor he had taken, so he was purty sure of sleepin' wherever he thrun himself. But, by my sowl, it wasn't the same way with the man an' the woman in the house, for divil a wink iv sleep, good or bad, could they get at all, wid the fright of the spirit, as they supposed: an' with the first light, they sint a little gossoon, as fast as he could wag, straight off, like a shot, to the priest, an' to desire him for the love o' God, to come to them an the minute, an' to bring, if it was plasin' to his raverance, all the little things he had for saying mass, an' savin' sowls, an' banishin' spirits, an' freeknin' the divil, an' the likes iv that. An' it wasn't long till his raverance kem down, sure enough, on the ould gray mare, wid the little mass boy behind him, an' the prayer books an' bibles, an' all the other mystarious articles that was wantin' along wid him; an' as soon as he kem in, 'God save all here!' says he. 'God save your raverance,' says they. An' what's gone wrong wid ye? says he, 'intirely, to disturb my devotions,' says he, 'this way, jist at breakfast time,' says he. 'By my sowkins,' says Nell, 'it's bad enough we are, your raverance, for it's poor Jim's spirit, that was wan- dherin up an' down, opposit the door all night, 'id the way it was no use at all thryin' to get a wink iv sleep,' says she. 'It's to lay it, you want me, I suppose,' says the priest. 'If your raverance 'id do that same, it 'id be plasing to us,' says Andy. 'It 'ill be rather expinsive,' says the priest. 'We'll not differ about the price, your raverance,' says Andy. 'Did the spirit stop long?' says the priest. 'Most part iv the night,' says Nell, 'the Lord be merciful to us all!' says she. 'That'll make it more costly than I thought,' says he, 'an' did it make much noise!' says he. 'By my sowl, it's it that did,' says Andy; 'lea- therin' the door wid sticks and stones, until I fairly thought every minute the ould boords id smash, an' the spirit id be in an top iv us, God bless us,' says he. 'Phiew!' says the priest, 'it'll cost a power iv money.' 'Well, your raverance,' says Andy, 'take whatever you like,' says he, 'only make sure it won't annoy us any more,' says he. 'Oh! by my sowkins,' says the priest, 'it'll be the quarest ghost in the seven parishes,' says he; 'if it has the courage to come back,' says he, 'afther what I'll do this mornin', plase God,' says he; so we'll say twelve pounds, an' God knows it's chape enough,' says he. Well, there wasn't a second word to the bargain, so they paid him the money down, an' he settled the table out like the althar, before the door, and he settled it out wid all the things he had wid him; an' he lit a bit iv a holy candle, an' he scat- tered his holy wather right an' left, an' he took up a big book, an' he wint an readin' for half an hour, good; an' when he kem to the end, be tuck hould iv his little bell, an' he beginned to ring it for the bare life; an' by my sowl, he rang it so well, that he wakened Jim Soolivan in the cow-house, where he was sleepin' an' up he jumped, widout a minute's delay, an' med right for the house, where all the family, an' the priest, an' the little mass-boy, was assimbled, layin' the ghost; an' as soon as his ravarance seen him comin' in at the door, wid the fair fright, he flung the bell at his head, an' hot him such a lick iv it in the fore- head, that he stretched him an the floor; but faix he didn't wait to ax any ques- tions, but he cut round the table as iv the divil was afther him, an' out at the door, an' didn't slop even as much as to mount an his mare, but leathered away down the borheen as fast as his legs could carry him, though the mud was up to his knees, savin' your presence. Well, by the time Jim kem to himself, the family parsaved the mistake, an' Andy wint home, lavin' Nell to make the explanation. An' as soon as Jim heered it all, he said he was quite con- tint to lave her to Andy, intirely; but the priest would not hear iv it; an' he jist med him marry his wife over again, an' a merry weddin' it was, an' a fine collection for his raverance. An' Andy was there along wid the rest, an' the priest was there along wid the rest, an' the priest put a small pinnance upon him for bein' in too great a hurry to marry a widdy. And bad luck to the word he'd allow any one to say an the business ever afther, at all at all; so, av course, no one offinded his raverance, by spakin' iv the twelve pounds he got for layin' the spirit. An' the neighbours wor all mighty well plased, to be sure, for gettin' all the divarsion of a wake, and two weddins, for nothing.--Chambers. School Friendship Remembered.-Sir Austin Nicholas, was a judge under the protectorate of Cromwell, concerning whom the following circumstances are related. Ilium«;, while a boy at school, committed an offence, for which as soon as it was known, flogging would be the inevitable punishment, his agitation, from a strong sense of shame, or a pecu- liar delicacy of constitution, was so vio- lent, that his schoolfellow, Wake, an intimate associate, and father of the Archbishop, remarked it with concern. Possessing stronger nerves and sensi- bility less exquisite, he told him that the discipline of the rod was a mere trifle, and insisted on taking on himself the fault, for which after a mutual strug- gle of friendship and generosity, he suffered a severe whipping. A fortui- tous chain of events which often dis perses schoolfellows and college chums into opposite quarters of the globe, guided Nicholas through politics and law, to a seat in the Court of Common Pleas, and confirmed him a friend to the powers that are. Wake, on the contrary was a firm royalist and cavalier, whose zeal and activity rendered him highly obnoxious to his opponents, he was seized, tried for his life, and condemned at Salisbury, by his old acquaintance, Nicholas, who after a separation of six and twenty years did not recollect Mr. Wake till he came to pass the fatal sen- tence ; when the name catching his eye, a sudden conviction strengthened by a few leading questions, flashed on his mind, that the prisoner at the bar whom he had just sentenced to an ignominious death, was no other than the fond friend of his juvenile hours, those hours which whatever be the colours of our fate, we always contemplate with a secret, a se rious,and interesting pleasure. I need not describe the state of mind in which civil discord had not wholly obliterated gratitude and sympathy: he behold with the most poignant emotion the forlorn situation of that faithful firm associate of his youth, who had undergone for him disgrace and stripes; he saw on every side the hell hounds of war, and the mastiffs of the law, wailing with eager impatience, to drag the man he once loved to death ; he hurried from the bench precipitately to conceal his feel- ings, and burst into tears. But friend- ship, like other virtues, required the speedy and effectual proof of oxertim, or it would have been counteracted by the din of arms or the malevolence of party fury. After much opposition from the round heads, whom Mr. Wake's be- haviour had exasperated, a respite was granted, and Nicholas unwilling to risque a life he highly valued to the un- certainty of letters, and the dilatory tardiness of messengers, hurried imme- diately to London. He rushed to the Protector, and would not quit him, till sorely against Oliver's will, he had ob- tained a pardon for his friend, against whom, from personal enmity or misre- presentation, Cromwell was peculiarly inveterate. The unfortunate royalist, from inattention, a magnanimous or an affected contept of death, was a stranger to the name and person of his judge, and knew not the powerful interposition in his favour. Nicholas also, had re- served the precious secret in his own breast, till certain of success; least, by vainly exciting hope, he would only add new pains to misfortune. Returning without delay to Salisbury, he flew to the prison, gradually disclosed his name and office to Wake, and producing a pardon, the friends sunk into each other's arms-Nicholas overpowered by the bliss of conferring life and comfort on one, for whom he had early expert eneed the most disinteresting friendship \- Wake unexpectedly snatched from death, by discovering, perhaps, the first friend he had ever loved, in a party whom he had always considered as the usurpers of lawful authority, as the wolves and tigers of his cpuntry. The Plant Physician.-In the Irish Gardner's Magazine it is said, not only that decoctions or the leaves dried and powdered of the common camomile, Anthémis nobilis, will destroy insects, but that nothing contributes so much to the health of a garden as a number of camomile plants dispersed through it. No green-house or hot-bouse should be without camomile in a green or a dried state; either the stalks or flowers will answer. It is a singular fact, that if a plant is drooping and apparently dying, in nine caseB out of teu it will recover, if you plant a camomile near in. Have any of your readers tried the camomile in any way as a remedy for inseots in England ?-John Brown, Wetter/tarn, Kent, February, 1834 Man-The mind is the man; and the knowledge of the mind. A man is but what/he knoweth. The sovereignty of man lieth hid in kuowledge, wherein I many things are reserved, which kings with their treasures cannot buy, nor) with their forces command.-Bacon. c p¡ ap sp pn of wi of nu hu n i in Di pn pei adi or of eac i tir is wil the um ma mo pin cas inti per pm an the per 1 sec res tot I COD r by i thai Ï Hav BY com T plet bun eula H occi ticu Stat agri proj to t O thra Nar eree O eleg The l'o» Bril Ï I P01 