.•sngl [ Il.?Oitj . . ...: LORD LYNDHURST. F?ROM PENCILLINGS OF' POLITICIANS.] LoanD LYnDHUASTr is" rather a tall man, with an aqueline nose, a quick eye and a clever wig, the last being especially so coii structed as to prevent his glass from re minding him that helis sixty years old. He 'has a bland and: winning expression of countenance. On the bench he ismild and gentlemanly, and in many ihings, the an -tipodes of his successor in the Court of Exchequer. He is also, to all appearance, the most candid and moderate of mankind. He tlrows out the popular bills of the ses sion with a smile that a bee might turn into a hneycomb; anrid he calls his dear friend, Lord Brougham, every thing but a gentle man with a mariner that makes you imagine, if you are below the bar, that he is entreat ing him to go home and sup with him. WVell, what is there ludicrous in all this? Nothing at all. But this is his appearance. You must apply your eye to the kaleidescope -of his career to discover the impossibility of writing biography about him. Talent he -has in abundance- given him, as Lord M1elbourne very properly conjectures, by -God; industry he also has-exerted, as the same noblnmian asserts with equal con -fidence, under the patronage of the Devil. :Principle--that is-political principle, for as •to private principle, it is out of my province -political principle, then, lie either never had, or turned it:adrift very early, as too "expensive for an adventurer; for foolish notionsof Utopian morality lie ever professed a very proper contempt; consistency in his idea was that sheer thick-headedness which could not understand the only at ument by -which a .politician ough!t ever -to be con vinced. Patriotism was - but no, he never could give a definition of that. Imagine such a -man tossed up and down, and -thoroughly shaken among the elements of -the last two dozen administrations-imagine him now chopping thoroughly round, now -sideling gently a little back, now bolting -like a singed rat from a burning house, now -crawling gently back again when the fire was put out; imagine his shifts, his con :trivances, his private laughs over his public speeches, and say whether you can help Jaughing with him. Imagine, moreover, a -man who knew him in his youth, and who \--retaining their then common radicalism, has risen no higher in estimation than to be -thought.a clever old scribbler, sitting down to remember how Copley started off, pitch "ing out a-bag of .ballast whenever lie got -into a cloud, until, at:last, he and the gas were clean-out-of sight, and nothing but -the sand remained in the region lie had started from. Imagine that, and you will feel why I laugh, and why I should be a fool if I fell to grave talk about abuse of talents, political inconsistency, and such -like crudities. -Every one knows that Lyndhurst is by birth an American, and every body knows, also,-that his father was the clever painter of the .death of Chatham. Few people either are ignorant that young Copley came from Cambridge -'a furious admirer of the new order of: things in his native country, a great admirer of Presidents, and an es pecial hater of Bishops and of Kings. Copley was an invaluable fellow upon his circuit: first, because he was a pleasant fellow, .,a ..uiversally liked; secondly, because a red-hot Republican was a god sena;to a set of men whose uniform Tory id wasgettingo cold for want of friction I and thirdly, because he made the most wretched, and consequently, the most laughable puns of any man on the circuit. In a little while bang came the French Revolution. Copley was in the seventh heaven, blown out with exultation, and -stuffed with puns. 'He was delighted to -hear thatvLoun was sent to the Temple, and a hoped he wouild.soon be sent to the bar, and he nearly chotiked Mr.John Sco;t with .doubt and horror at -a, dinner (I -forget 'whether on circuit or not) atwlwhich- lawyers were congregated, "There mustbe-some thing dreadfully diseased in -the'c9 eition ,of Frenadh s0ietv,' 'emarked Scott. t ' ere must, indeed," replied Copley, " and I shall never have hopes of its health untilit gives over aching." Scott turned round and stared stupidly at his neighbour, with a piece of beef in his mouth, for he t cbiuld -make nothing of his answer, and, when he saw Copley's eyes twinkling, turned rbund as usual to Erskine'for explanation. '"Bah ! bah! he means until it gives over a King; worse than ever boy, try again : and Erskine went on - to say what an eloquent-speaker every body thought him '-Erskine--and how many: briefs he had; iwhileScott'sfacegrew collapsed with horror, his pieces of beef stuck in this throat, and one eye seemed to scream treiason. and the other blaspheiny. ... " Those wvere glorious days for Copleyp pettedi:by all the big wvigs, lots of fun,. plenty of Toryisifi to battle with, and no thing else to do. So he. rattled on until the elder Watson, forgetting the advice of Daniel's Virgi!,; - When will and power are one, at once obey, . (or something to that effect,) required'pro-1 fessional- assistance to guide him clear of the Old Bailey. -Then Copley was a pa triot: witness'the placards all over London, Birmingham, and Mancliester, celebrating hlis triumph; witness his glorification of the Habeas Corpus Act, his -denunciation of Pitt's trials of 1793, his Philippic upon all who denied the right of meeting and peti tioning;--ar not these things written in the books of the State Trials, volume thirty-two, page five hundred, and a great many following? Whatnumbersof Radi cal briefs. poured down upon the Learned Serjeani ; how yvehemently was his healthh drunk at Radical gatherings: how lucra-i tive grew his practice, and how well appre-i ciated became his legal profundity ! Hurrah, cried Copley, I· am now worth buying the balloon is rising. Higher, however, Radicalism could not carry him; and while we were observing his career with admiring emulation, down came the sand bags of liberality, toleration, i and patriotism,. all at a shock, and away went our aeronaut, shouting gaily through c clouds of obloquy into the upper atmos- s phere of Parliament. Oh, how thoroughly s had Lord Liverpool converted the Jacobi- a nical John Copley ! how well he now wore r the Tory domino over his, harlequin suit: s no longer was he a musquito to Eldon, or s a. spurred game cock to Abbot. HonestJp extravagance may laugh, .but your impos tor ,must hear him gravely. Great was now his veneration for the Chiurch, mighty his reverence for the clergy, thrilling his rapt enthusiasm for our ancient institutionis. Oh, how he revered the Gothic fabric of our constitution! How he hated the sacri legious hand that would endanger one stone-yea, 'even' as the bat loves the ruin it has made its home; even as it hates the hand -that would pluck away the weed which' moulders the building, but hides its lurking place. How-fierce as his onslaught Supon the suppliant'Catholics! Verily, he had his reward. He dashled boldly from one side to the other;-Hlalf measures open no road to. fortune, and he is never with out a road to retreat who is reckless of public shame. He was satisfied when all hated him as the prosecutor of the Queen, for he knew he deserved advancement. :It came-Copley was Master of the Rolls upon the Bench, 'a just and profound law yer-min Parliament, a 'furious' Protestant fanatic, but, having:too muich sense for the part he played, obliged to borrow'his rav ings from Philpots-at home, a-gay refined arid thoughtless Epicurean ! Such were the characters he now daily shuffled on and off. But things could not always run thus 'smoothly; unpleasantness must sometimes occur; and one night Sir John Copley found himself in the grasp of a giant, who held him aloft in his mighty fist until the spectators shrieked with laughter at his grotesque writhings and impotent efforts at escape. Poor Canning ! thou art passed away, and these little dexterous things thou wert so wont to despise strut fearless in thy place; yet few of them there are who do not bear about with them some scar as a memorial of thy prowess, and- Lynd hurst is certainly not without his. Soundly did you castigate him, and forforty-eight hours was the victim sulky; but Copley was a man of forgiving disposition, and when he found you were to be Minister he meekly kissed the rod, and, " non obstante Philpotto," tendered his allegiance. While bigotry was gas to his balloon, Copley adored it; but the political atmo sphere suddenly became changed: Welling ton came in with his Emancipation Bill. " Hurrah for Emancipation !'' cried Cop ley, bounding at once -from the Rolls to the Woolsack. Matter of fact sort of peo pie stared, foolish people scolded, wise men laughed. How serene was his smile, how jauntily did lie tap his toe upon the flcor, while the fools harangued about apostacyi speech recanting, Protestant Master of the Rolls, Catholic Lord Chancellor, and such: like trash. The silly people forget that their poison bore its own antidote; and how delicious must be those sentences which ] must he wound up with " the learned.] Lord"-that was exquisite music to John 4 Copley's son-mingle with it what discord you may, good people. The altitude was gained the new Baron was a. thoroughly successful adventurer- t nothing more. Remember that, ye haughty I Peers who attend his nod in public, and i void your rheum upon his name in private. Since that time his 'efforts have been all I directed to keeping himself in office or to I get himself back. He is an able, and strictly a practical man. He loves office, 1 for he loves money; money to support his dignity, and to minister to.his pleasures. 1 L;hc nuny otlers of the class h hbplnnfra to, he made one m;-iaicilation; ie never imagined that the Whigs could keep 6ffice bfor eight or nine years. He could easily have changed twice in nine years, but it might have been dangerous in as many months. Hie was deceived, and hence his frantic operation, which leaves Peel and his party so far behind. 'The former wants oflice, and risks little by rushing into it. The latter is equally anxious, and would be equally bold were he-less rich. A curious phenomenon appeared in thle Court of Chancery soon after Lyndhurstc took Jis seat there, Some of my readers,t probably, {knew Seerjeant .Rough-if they I did they knew -a -very excellent man:; 'buy 'believe they never would have expected I to see him in the Court of Chancery. There, however, hlie appeared soon after Lyndlhurst took his seat, and there he continued day I after day, lookingupon the new Chancellor with a silently reproachful aspect, like that of Banquo's'Ghost. What could this mean ? I the wiglings around were astonished with out measure, and, I believe, a deputation was at last sent to ask the awful visitant wvhat it was that brought him within the lethargic influence of the Equity side of Westminster Hall. Whether the Serjeant himself told - can not say, but some one at last found out how it was. Rough had once a good prac tice on -the Midland Circuit, and .Copley, then but a beginner, washisintimate friend. Unluckily for himself, he pressed Copley to join the same Circuit, gave him briefs to ihold, introduced him to notice; and, in ireturn for this, Copley completely cut him jout-not unfairly nor wilfully, of course, but such was the consequence. In con sideration of this, Copley had promised that whenever he got into a situation to 9ive, Rough 'should have the first thing in his gift. He was made Lord Chancellor,' and Rough waited-a short time and heitrd no thing of the o!d promise. He thought he had been forgotten, so, doffing his wvig.and gown, he sat himself thus 'before his old friend, fixing his eye continually upon him luntil his memory was altogether restored. ' Ido not believe.that Copley had forgotten him, for his conduct to Bolland proves that he is certainly not ungrateful--he had pro bably had nothing before to offer him. However, a refresher was a thing required by thie practice of their common profession, and Rough's plan was certainly a good one. Lyndhurst took an early occasion of reliev ing his place of judicature from:such an awful visitant, and froni the nick-name of " The Hlaunted Court," which it was rapidly getting. I rather think the Serjeant went UUL LU 11iIil. Lyndhurst is falling into the sear and yellow leaf ; lie is now, it appears, giving himself up to matrimonial domesticities. He is a clever, an unscrupulous, and a success ful adventurer, and will be so until the end of the chapter, While I now write he is slowly relaxing his gra3?p upo6 the great seal upon which lie had fixed with eager avidity; no one can tell how soon he may have it in his clutch again! ; Once more I i say he is a clever, ani unscrupulous, and a successful political adventurer, and will be I po to the end of the chapter. '" 'USEFUL SUGGESTIONS TO YOrNG iMen.4.? In the course of my travels, I have seen many a promising and fine young man gra dually led to dissipation, gambling, and ruin, merely by the want of meansto make fa solitary evening pass pleasaintly. .I earn \- estly advise any youth iwho quits that abode of purity, peace, and delight, his paternal hlme, to acquire a Aaste . for- reading and writing. At every place where he may re I side lbng, let him study to minake his apart ments as attractive and comfortable as.pos sible, for he will find a little extraordinary expense, so bestowed at the :beginning, to be good economy at the end ; let hi.n read ithe best books in the language, and, above all, let him never retire to rest without writing at least a page of original comments I on what he has seen, read, and heard in the day. This habit will teach hiin to ob serve aid' discriminate i for a man ceases to read with a desultory and wandering mind, -which is utter waste of time, when he knows h t an account of all theinformation which i has gained must be written at night. =lay ton's Biography. WORKING -MEN SHOULD- STUDY POLI TCrs.---I :respectfully counsel those whom I I address (the working men of America,) to take part in the politics of their country. These are the true discipline of a people, and do much for their education. I counsel you to labour for a clear understanding of the subjects which agitate the community, to make them your study, instead of wasting your leisure in vague passionate talk-about them. The time thrown away by the mass I of the -people on the rumours - of the -day might, if better spent, give them a good ac quaintance with the constitution, laws, his tory, and interests of their country, and thus establish them in these great principles by which particular measures are to be determined. In proportion as the 'people thus improve themselves, they will cease to be the tools of designing politicians. Their intelligence, not :their passions and jea lousies, will be addressed by those who seek their votes. They will exert, not a nominal, but a real influence on the government and destinies of the country, and, at the same time, will forward their own growth in truth and virtue.-New York Evangelist. - A GOAT, A BARO.IETER.--Wheni at Rose hall the other day we were shown a very beautiful goat, the dam of which came from the East Indies, and were told by the owner,1 Mr. -M'Harg, that:he attached more im portance to its motions as regards the wea ther than to the best barometer.-- Billie,l when the weather is fine, loves to frolic in the sunniest spots; but when rain isat hand,' :seeks and derns under the closest cover,1 until the storm is over. When to others all appears fair and promising, -his goatship knows better, and betakes himself to the house or bush, hours before the rain patters, or the wind raves. On Thursday week, when the sky looked black, and the mer cury fell nearly half an inch, he was basking on an outer stair; and when his master no ticed this, he instantly said, " There will. be no rain to-day at any rate." And the' fact was even so, while on the following day his tactics were reversed, in consequence, no doubt, of the heavy showers that fell at mid day. In repeated instances, since hliar vest work commenced, Mr. M'Harg has been much indebted to the prescience of hisi four-footed friend, and would not, we sup pose, part with him for the best Ayrshire~ in 1,;i k 5. oows .-VUflzfies Louirier.' TE-. ENGLISII PEASANT.-TO see the young peasant in his glory, you shouhl see him hastening to the Michaelmas fair, statute, bull roasting, or mop. He has served his year;, lie has !iis money in his pocket, his sweetheart on his arm, or he is sure to meet her at the fair. Whether he goes again to his old place or a new one, he will have a week's holiday. Thus, on old Michaelmas day, he and all his fellows, all the country over, are let loose, and are on the way to the fair: the houses are empty of them;. the highways are fiull of them.. There they go, asieaniing along, lads and lasses inr all their finery, and with a WQIjd of laughter and loud talk. See, hiere they come, flocking 'into the market town! And there, what preparations for them, shows, strolling theatres, stalls of all kinds bearing clothes of all kinds, knives, combs, queen-cakes, and gingerbread, and a hundred, inventions to lure those hard earned wages out of his fob. And 'he does not mean to be stingy to-day. He will treat his lass, and buy her a new gown into the bargain. See, how they go rolling on together! He holds up his elbow sharply by his side, she thrusts her arm'through his, up to the elbow, and awaythey go. As to keeping step, that is out of the question; but besides this, they wag and roll about in such way, that keeping their arms tightly linked, it is amazing they don't pull off one or the other. But they don't. They shall see the shows, and stand all in a crowd be fore them with openeye, and open mouths, wondering- at the beauty of the dancing women, and their gowns all over spangles, and at all the wit, and grimaces, and sum mersets of harlequin and clown. They shall have a merry dinner, and a dance, like a dance of elephants and hippopotami, and then To-morrow to fresh fields and pastures new. And these are the men tlhat-become sullen and desperate that become poachers and incendiaribs.-. Howi ,and why ? It is not plenty and kind wo??.s that makes them so. What then ? Whlat makes the wo)les herd together, and descend from the Alps and the Pyrenees?' What makes therim so desperate and voracious, blind with fury, and revelling in vengeance ?' Hunger and -hardship i When theEnglish peasant is gay, at ease, wellfed, and well clothed, what cares. he how many pheasants are in a! wood, or ricks in a farmer's yard? . When he has a dozen backs to clothe, and a dozen mouths to feed, and nothing to put on the one, and little to put in the other,-then' that which seemed a mere playful puppy: suddenly starts up. a Snarling red- eyed m -,?l?- . ,ow',Il,+?n o?rnwe W;Iih1 what equal indifference' he shoots down pheasants or game-keepers. How the man, who so recently held up his head and. laughed aloud, nosy sneaks .a villanous fiend, with the dark lantern and the match to his neighbour's rick ! Monster ! can this be the English peasant? 'Tis,the same! 'Tis the very man? -But what has madel him so ? What has thus demonised, thus infuriated, thus converted him:into a walk ingpestilence ? Villain as he is, is he alone to blame-or is there.anotlker ?-Heads of 'the People. DIALorL AuAIz.--An enthusiastic but in genious individual is going the round of the suburbs of London, wherever there is a green field fit for his purpose, and explaining to hnumerousanditories the principles ofanewly invented Suil Dial, which lie terms, the Dial of Ahaz. It is a simple but astonishingly accurate instrument, marking the hours and minutes distinctly by means of the shadow cast through a glass globe of about an inch diameter. Even when the sun is partially obscured, thi reflection is sufficient to indi cate the time. It is difficult to convey a precise idea of the instrument, but some conception of it may be gathered from the following description;-A piece of board, twelve inches exact square, forms the bas's; that has at the four corners, four holes for thumb screws, which serve the purposes of legs or supports, to place the instrument on a table, or any -convenient plane surface, and also, which is indispensible to accuracy, to adjust the level of the base to the ho rizon. On this board, which is varnished black and polished, two circles are drawn, one within the other, the outer graduated to hours, thie other to parts of hours. Fit ting precisely to the inner ring, is a glass case exactly like those that are placed over artificial flowers, to preserve from dust in drawing rooms, from the top of which de pends, suspended by a silk thread, a glass globule about an inch in diameter, hollow and filled with spirits of wine, or highly transparent water. This globe comes within a quarter of an inch of the polished surface of the board, and being levelled true to a point in its centre, by the means above stated, the instrument is ready for use. This is done by simply exposing it to thesun's rays, or those of a strong day light, when a strong shadow of white, on a black surface, is thrown to the exact time of day, verified, as it has frequently been by public clocks in sight, or the watches- of the by-standers. This invention would be admirably adapted to India, and can be made fora few shillings. PRUDENTIAL HABITS THE SOURCE OF COMFORT AND CONTENTMENT.--t is of ,the utmost importance always to bear in mind that a great command over the neces saries and conveniences of life may be effected in two ways-either by a rapid increase in the quantity and value of the funds destined for the maintenance of labour, or by the prudential habits of the labouring classes; and that as the former mode of improving their condition is neither in the power of the poor to carry into effect themselves, nor can, in the nature of things, be permanent, the great resource of the labouring classes for their happiness must be in those pruidential habits, which, if properly exercised, are capable of secur ing to them a fair proportion of the neces saries and conveneies of life, from the earliest stage of society to the latest. RESOLUTION.-The longer we live the more we are impressed with the deep impor tance of cultivating this excellent quality. It is greatly overlooked in the usual esti mates of a man's character. We speak of his generosity, his courage, his integrity, his manners and attainments; we call him amiable, affectionate, intelligent, but we seldom inquire if he is resolute. We praiser the resolution by which an individual carries on a great design, but that is not what we mean. The less obtrusive, but far more valuable peculiarity to which we allude, is tlhat quiet, never-sleeping spirit which per vades the whole tenor of some men's exist ence, and is, in fact, the secret cause of their greatness and -wealtlh, and success in whatever they undertake. It is the spell by which so insignificant a creature as an ant piles a hill for hii dwelling, by which the coral insect:raises an island in the-ocean. It is more valuable than gold, and will accomplish more than genius with half the r disappointment and peril. PUuCre OPIrNoN.-It is said that public opinion can never be ultimately wrong, and hence the will of the majority must in - the end be right. There would be more force in this, if public opinion was always the aggregate of the free and unprejudiced opinion ofevery citizen; if we could be s ii' of always getting at the opinion of the ma jority, and that every one understood clearly the opinion he adopted. But this is nota the case. Owing to the lukewarmness of some, the prejudices of others, and the ignorance of many, the opinions which arei expressed by the result of elections are often very different from what they would be if every one gave his vote honestly and inde pendently, and understood the question upon which he voted. 