Mr. TIIERR Y'S third LECTURE on ORA TORY , delitered in the 31ECIIANICS' SCHOOL of ARTS, on W'ednesday last. -o It is a remarkable and distinguishing feature of Sculpture and Eloquence, that both these arts may be said to have started at once into life and grace at the Promethean touch of their respective masters Phidias and Demosthenes. Succeeding generations, contrary to reasonable expectation, instead of ad vancement, have receded from the point of excellence the first masters had attained. Like the fabulous Minerva, whose story the chisel of Phidias recorded, Eloquence issued from the brain of her parent in full perfection, and the hour of her birth was also that of her maturity. Though the reputation, how ever, of Demosthenes has never been eclipsed, yet, in the long lapse of time that has intervened since he flourished, there have been many-some near our own time-who have bequeathed to posterity noble specimens of eloquence and of wisdom. Cicero, in the opinion of many, held a divided empire with the great Athenian master of the art, and contri buted to "gild the Roman name" with a lustre that has shone through all ages with permanent and undi minished splendor. England, until the last century, did not reach any great renown in eloquence. It is not that England has been wanting in illustrious names in every department of literature and science, but certainly the great struggle for American inde. pendence, and the events of the first French revolu. tion, by which the world was convulsed, may be said to have created a body of men, who, endowed by nature with great genius-by their reasoning powers exercised on momentous topics-by a glow Rng and enrlusiastic style-and, by having formed and educated their minds on the chaste and severe models of the classics of Greece and Rome, ap proached nearer the standard of ancient eloquence than any writers or speakers who shine in the pre vious annals of our national literature. It has been truly stated by an eminent critic, that " the wits of Queen Anne's time practised a sort of polite writing, characterised by purity, smoothness, and a kind of simple and temperate elegance. Their reasoning was correct and harmonious, and their raillery terse and relined, but they never so much as aimed at the greater passions or rising to the loftier graces of composition. Their sublimity was little more titan a gentle and graceful solemnity--their invective went no farther than polished sarcasm-and their vehemence than pretty vivacity. Even the elder writers who dealt in larger views and stronger lan guage-the Hookers and Taylors and Barrows and Miltons, although they possessed, beyond all doubt, an original and commanding eloquence, had little of nature or rapid movement of passion about them Their diction, though powerful, is loaded and labo rious; and their imagination, though rich and co pious, is neither playful nor popular." It is, I own, a matter of no small wonderment that such periods in thie history of England as the Revolution and Ito formation, and the great topics that were at these epochs agitated with such zeal by the advocates of opposite interests, should have left no enduring mo. nument of impassioned oratory. Yet so it is-and it is perhaps an unsatisfactory solution of this pro blem to say, that classical learning in those days had not reached that polish and perfection which it has attained in later times: but certain it is that a gross ness of language in invective, an intolerance in thinking, and a coarseness of manners, distinguished the combatants, arrayed on either side of the great questions by which the world was then agitated, from which the contentions of modern politicians are happily exempt. Shortly previous to the class of men which may be deservedly designated the great orators of Eng land, there were a few who stood out prominently, and exercised a vast influence over the councils of the nation and the opinions of the country. Of these the most eminent were Lord l3olingbroke, and William Pulteney, Earl of Bath. The former, in strength of language and philosophic mind, was a man marked out for eminence in the age and country in which Ite lived. lie suffers, however, in compa. riseon with the great men who succeeded him, in touches of tenderness, and in that variety of imagery by which they were distinguished. Pulteney as a speaker in such a deliberative assembly as the House of Commons was a far more influential, and what is termed a leadintg man. His style was more popular, his knowledge, if not so extensive, was more ready and available for tlhe purposes of debate, and Iis wit was lively, classical, and peculiarly adapted for advantageous display in an assembly of educated men. Had he cultivated poetry, Ihe would have succeeded in satire and polislhed diction. Pope bears testimony to the eminence ihe would have reached in epigram. "How many Martials were in Pultency lost." He was the first who introduced withl advantageous effect into our public speaking quotations from the classic poets of Greece, Rome, and England- practice which has now become familiar, not only with our public speakers, but appears of late to have been adopted as chartwteristic of the style of our writers in every kind of English composition. I have thus dwelt briefly on Mr. Pultoeney as the most distinguished pub lic speaker, among a body of public men of eminent talents, Walpole, Bolingbroke, Orford, Townshend, and others, who, having flourished shortly previous to the period in which men still more eminent ap peared, may servo as a connecting and introductory notice to prelx to some mention of the illustrious names of CHATHAM, BURKE, and SHERIDAN, who mainly contributed in making the age in which they lived the one to which the impartial historian of England will assuredly point for the noblest memo rials of her eloquence. It has been stated by Lord Brougham, in his elo quent sketch of Lord Chatham, " There is hardly any man in modern times, with the exception perhaps of Lord Somers, who fills so large a space in our history, of whom we know so little as Lord Chatham; and yet he is the person to whom every one would at once point, if desired to name the most successful states man and most brilliant orator that this country ever produced." The events of history have tade him known as a statesman,a, and these events, and the controlling influence Ihe exercised over them, fully justify his great renown. As an orator, however, his reputation rests more upon thle tradition that has reached its of tihe effects of his oratory, than on any complete and copious specimens of it that have been transmitted to us. 'there specimens certainly bear but a small proportion to the "prodigious I'amu" which has been accorded to him, not only by his admirers, but by the common consent of his country. The imperfect state of parliamentary reporting at that time in a great degree accounts for the few accurate records of his speeches which have reached us; anld his own carelessness hat left less of au thenticated eloquence than is sufficient to sustain tihe reputation of his being tire first orator of England. \ith nill reasonable belief of Iris deserving the praises bestowed upon him by his cotemporrrios, et tihe very nature of his education scarcely per mitred in him that union of profound erudition and I hlorsoiphric observation, arnd those exquisite artifices of elaborate rhetoric, by which more than one English orator since his day has been distinguished. lir. T. having given a short historical sketch of the early education of Lord Chathain-his career at the university, and his entrance into parliament-pro ceeded to notice that his conduct in parliament was first distinguished by a determined opposition to the minister Sir II. Walpole; who, in brooking opposi tion,was in the habit of dismissing military officers for their conduct in parliament, and, in the exercise of this assumed and despotic power, dismissed Mr. Pitt from his cornetcy of Dragoons—an imprudent, violent, and unconstitutional measure ; which, how ever, proved fortunate for the fame of Mr. Pitt, and contributed, in no small degree, to raise him in the confidence and estimation of the country. His reply to Horace Walpole is too remarkable to be omitted even in this brief notice of his eloquence. " I will not attempt," replied Pitt, " to determine whether youth can be justly imputed to any man as a reproach ; but, I will say, that the wretch who, after having seen the consequences of repeated errors, still continues to blunder, and whose age has only added obstinacy to stupidity, is surely the object of either abhorrence or contempt, and deserves not that his gray hairs should secure him from insult. Much more is he to be abhorred who, as he advanced in age, has receded from virtue, and becomes more wicked with less temptation ; who prostitutes him self for money which he cannot enjoy ; and spends the remains of his life in the ruin of his country." The merit of this brief but bitter philippic has been claimed for Dr. Johnson as his composition, but it is far more characteristic of the fire and energy that distinguished Lord Chatham than of the grandilo quent sententiousness of the verbose and learned Doctor. 'To put you in possession of Lord Chat ham's character as a statesman, I propose to present you with an extract from Lord Brougham's masterly sketch of this great man. The passage is one of fine discriminative writing. (See BIrougham's Statesmen, p. 20.) The great qualities of Lord Chatham's eloquence consisted in the spirit and vehemence which tire greater passages of his dis courses display, in the grandeur of the ideas he has unfolded, and in the heart-stirring nature of his ap peals. Of these qualities hris celebrated speech upon the employment of the native Indians in tire Aumo. rican war-the only one, it is believed, that was corrected and revised by Lord Chatham himself furnishes an excellent exemplification. (Mr. T. here read extracts from l.ord Chatham's speech ; see Elegant Extracts, p. 240.) On no occas on did the independence of "tire great c,rnormrrer," the name given to hIim by the people of England, shine forth with more stainless purity than in the opposition by which he distinguished himself to general warrants, These he truly and boldly designated as "atrociously illegal." A search for papers or seizure of the person without some specific charge, he justly con tended was repugnant to every principle of true liberty. It was upon this subject he made the ex clamation so frequently quoted-" By tire British constitution every man's house is his castle. Not that it is surrounded by walls and battlements- it may be a straw built shed ; every wind of heaven may whistle round it-all the elements of nature may enter it-but the King cannot-tire King dare nor." The person in whose regard this principle was violated was the notorious Mr. \\\'ilkus, a man of considerable talents but of disreputable character. IHe attracted attention by his virulent abuse of the court, and by making a blustering outcry about liberty, for which he cared little; he was a profes sional libeller, and drove tire trade more successfully than most persons who halive made a venture in it, for, though hIre was expelled from tile house of corn mons, he finally defeated that body, and comprlled them to erase their resolutions from the journals. It was in the great struggle between prerogative and constitutional principle which these circum stances created that the uncompromising spirit of Lord Chatham's patriotism asserted itself conspi. cuously. At that time there was no bribe whlich would have been deemed too splendid to purchase his acquiescence or even his silence. The fragments of his eloquence on this occasion which are preserved to us would alone render his name immortal, not only for tihe genius, but for the indignant and inflexible integrity they exhibit. The excitemrent which Wilkes' case created was traceable to the error of a blunder ing secretary of state, and the whole transaction was aptly described by Mr. Burke as a " Tragi-comedy acted by his Majesty's servants at the desire of several persons of quality, for the benefit of Mr. Wilkes, and at the expense of tire constitution." Manner and delivery are remarkable qualities in constituting an orator. In these respects Lord Chatham was eminently endowed. To the external advantages of a dignified deportment, Lord Chatham added the imposing power of a countenance singularly ex pressive. His cotemporaries seem to have vied with each other in pronouncing his panegyric. From these elaborate and eloquent eulogies, I pelect one that by Mr. Grattan, himself a great orator and a most competent critic (see Phil. Sp., p. 199). Mr. T. then proceeded to read extracts from Lord Chat ham's correspondence, recently published, among which were two remarkable letters from George III. to Lord Chatham, then suffering under a severe attack of tie gout, imploring Lord Chatham to grant his Majesty, or his ministers, an interview for " a quarter of an hour," which request being declined by the noble lord from his acute malady, the request is repeated, and even an interview of" five minutes" only is solicited as indispensable to thre continuance of tihe ministry in office (see Edinb. Rev., October, p. 120). 'iThe annals of the history of England did not contain a similar instance in which the vital interests of the country seemed so completely to depend upon tire vigour of one man's mind, and tihe united confidence of the King and the people in trhe wisdom and energy of hris councils. In all thire rela tion of social and domestic life, Lord Chiathiam was simple, amiable, and exemplary. I now come to a great name-" Clarutm st veie rabile nrlomen"-Edmund Burke, for a timne a cotem porary of Lord Chatham, and who bore a prominent part in thire great political events of the American and French revolutions. His glorious name shines on the page of our country's literature as one which, for scope of thought, for extent of knowledge, for wisdomt almost more than human, may defy the page of history to produce a parallel. Iu thie glowing language of Mlr. Grattan, himself well qualified to jrdge of the deserts of such a man, hire is thus de scribed:-" Mr. Burke," exclaimned Mr. Grattan, " tihat prodigy of nature and acquisition. Hie read everything. Hle saw everything. HIe foresaw every thing. Ilis knowledge of history amounted to a power of foretelling; and when he pnrceived tihe wild work that was doing in France, that Ireat poli tical physician, intelligentof symptoms, distrnguishled between the access of fever and the force of health, and what othlers merely conceived to be the vigor of her constitution. Hu knew it to be no more than thre paroxysm of her madness, and then prophet-like he pronounced the destinies of France, and in his prophetic fury admonished nations." There is no English statesman, with perhaps thIe exception of Bacon, whose acquired knowledge was so extensive as that of Iurke, He looked upon the great scene of human affairs as a problem for a philosopher to resolve, and delighted in those wide and comprehlen sive views where much intermediate balancing and combination must precede the general result. No one could better describe thie manners of a particulas age or thie condition and resources of a powerful empire. lie was admirable in exposition. He do. lighted to give instruction when speaking, whether in debate or conversation. Mr. Fox avowed that ihe had learnt more from hIim alone than from all ment and authors. But it is better I should present yoen with a glowing portrait of this great man from I.ord Broughamn's glttering galleryof political portraita (Brouglam's Sketches, pp. 142.3.) In one point, and one vwhich may be regarded os the true test of a great man-that of Ihaving ibeen in sdvance of hris ago, of anticipating events and pronoincing vwithr a sagacity almost prophetic upon the probable con srrquences anti results of great measures--Mr. ILurke leaves all thle British statesmen of Iria own, or per. lhops any fornmer tiere, far behind him. ''The opinions of the great Lord Chatham, though liberal and en lightened it pon every particular question, may rather be regarded as felicitons from their adaptation to the actual circumstances in which he was called upon to neact, than as indicating hie had seen very far into future times, and anticipated the philosophy which further experience should teach to a more advanced age of the world. Take, for instance, America. Whilst Lord Chatham admitted her right of self-taxation, he could not permit himself for a moment to harbour the untion of her independence. lie insisted to the last on the perpetual sovereignty of Englaid, and the perpetual dependence of Ame rica. Of the integrity of the empire M1r. Burke, as a British statesman, was as jealous as lord Chat harn ; but, with a greater enlargematent of view, he saw that tafter America had won her independence in arms, and de jerto established it, the time was gone by for reasserting the dominion of England. "'To the independence of America," said Mr. Burke, " I inchlne, not as a matter of choice, but of necessity. In the latter light only do I regard it. On the day that I first heard of the American states having claimed their independience, it made me sick at heart-it struck me to the soul; because I saw it was a claim detrimental to the fame and detrimental to the interests of this country. It was a claim in jurious to Great Britain, and one shie never couild recover-never, never, never. But when, by a wrong management, a gamester has lost much, it was tight for him to make the most of the game as it stood, and to take care that hlie did not lose more." Had his advice for conciliation, even at the eleventh hour, been taken, America would not have sought a junction with France to enable her to attain this object for which the minister seemed unprepared, though often dinned into his ears by Dir. Burke, commercial preferences might have been secured for England and hostile separa tion have been prevented by amicable arrangement. [Mr. Therry here read several passages from Mr. Burke's speeches on American affairs, illustrative of his opinions and of his eloquence on this momentous topie. As I shall have presently to notice the share taken in the impeachment of W. Hastings by Mr. Sheridan, it will be the less requisite to dwell on this important portion of his labors. Suffice it for me to suggest, that if any of my present audience be desirous of arriving at a knowledge of the laws, cus. Ioms. and usages of the people of India, and of the resources of that vast empire, they will derive more extensive, accurate, and methodised inferina. tion on the subject, by reading the speeches of M r. Burke on this impeachment, conjointly, I might add, with Ilishop lether's Diary, thian by the perusal of any history or course of reading that can well be pointed out. The French Revolution, however, in the politics of which Mr. Burke acted a conspicuous part, is too important an event in the career of his useful labours to avoid dwelling briefly upon it. By the leaders of both parties, at its commencement, it was approved. It is an historical truth that favourable sentiments towards the French ltevolutio: wsere prolessed, not only by Mlr. Fox, whose generous nature expanded into a love of freedom in every clime, and prompted him to hail with enthusiastic ardour the first efliors of a mighty people rising in vindication of their invaded libernies, but by Mr. Pitt, whom few will suspect of a too sanguine temperament, or of any dangerous ebullition iu favour of freedom. lIe, too, hailed the French Revolution at its origin, and declared his conviction " that the present convul sions in France must sooner or later terminate in general harmony and regular order." But, whilst both parties declared it to be unworthy of English men not to rejoice in the acquisition of liberty to a neighbouring people, and whilst it was looked upon as a harbinger of political regeneration to Europe and the world, the voice of lMr. Burke was not heard in the general acclamation. From the very first meeting of the States General hlie did not conceal his aversion to their proceedings and his apprehension of the results. It is curious now to revert to the first impression this portentous event made on his mind. On the 9th of August, 1789, about three weeks after the stormining of the Bastile. hlie opens his mind without reserve in a private letter to Lord Charlemont. (See Prior's Life of Burke, vol. ii. p. 41.) The apprehensions which then overshadowed his mind he morte fully developes further on. (See p. 45.) The wisdom and the foresight these passages display justify the beautiful apostrophe of Canning in the Antijacobin: " lamented sage ! whose prescient scan Pierced through foul .tnorthy's gigantti, pain, 'rominpt to incredulous het?mrs to disclose T4I guilt of Frture amI Eur?opes woiMt o woes Thou on whoset ,otiame en.,h distant ge shallu gaze. Thi miighty stsieiiiiirk of these trotlttb d days, 0! tarut' of sotl, of gsuits unconfued, atorn to ,delight, instruvt, improve iniukitld. 'To u t thue itunites shall turn Ih,.ir rm.ve.nnt eyes, Led by Lthiy light iand by thy wisdost wism." Besides many sacrifices of private friendship, the course hlie now took separated him from his political friends Fox, Sheridan, and others, with whom lihe had hitherto acted. Sheridan assailed him bitterly as the " advocate and apologist of despotism, and the libeller of men struggling in the most glorious of all causes." " Such terms" Mr. Burke said, " might be spared, if it were nothing more than as a sacrifice to the ghost of departed friendship; they were but a repetition of what was said by the reform ing clubs and societies in England ; though, in time, the hon. member might find that the praise was not worth the price at which it was purchased." She- ridan, as Burke then predicted, lived to change his opinion of France and French principles. A memo- randum of his says, " I like it no better for coming from France, whence all ills come—altar of liberty, begrimed with blood and mire." With Fox, a rupture took place somewhat later; on which occa. sion the generous nature of Fox was overcome, and he shed tears, while sentiments of sorrow and of gratitude for the great advantages hlie derived from his long intimacy with Mlr. Burke burst from his noble bosom. It was at this crisis that Burke pub. lished his celebrated work, " Reflections on the Revolution of France." This work appeared in 1790; a French translation of it soon spread its reputation over Europe. Few works ever issued from the press excited so much attention, created so much dis cussion, or drew down so much praise from one party, so much aoimadversion from another. In the main object of the work, however, it is admitted by all, the writer eminently succeeded-that of turning the stream of public opinion from the channel of sym pathy with French principles in which it hitherto flowed to a calm and comprehensive contemplation of the trite nature of the French revolution, and of the views and characters of the principal actors in that disastrous drama. The work was set off with every attraction of the highest style of eloquence of which the English language is susceptible, and the most vivid and striking images in the whole compass of English prose. It was impressed on the judgment hy acute reasoning, by maxims of the most sound and practical wisdom, expositions of the impracticable nature of the new government of France, the evil designs of its framers-and, in short, nothing that his genius, his knowledge, or observation could supply was omitted to give popularity to the " Reflections on the Revo lution of France." One memorable passage from that remarkable work cannot be shut out from con templation whenever the eloquence of British states met engages our attention. Many will anticipate me in this allusion to the passage on the Queen of France. It is well known that this beautilul and illustrious woman suffered an ignominious death on the scaffold; a sentence passed by the regicidal rulers who then governed France, and pronounced after a proceeding miscalled a trial, conducted in defiance of all law, and in mockery of all justice. \When we consider that the flower of French chi- valry, only a short time before this disastrous event, had sworn allegiance to her, the history of humani adversity does not present so striking a contrast as that which is furnished by this glorious manifestation of loyal allegiance and the calamitous end which followed quick upon it. (See Burke's Works, vol. v. page 148.) The concluding passage or pero ration (if such a term may be appropriately applied to written composition) of this admirable work has always struck me as a fine piece of composition. (see Burke's Works, vol. v. p. 437.) Of all measures of liberal pulley Mr. Burke was a strenuous advocate, lie was the earliest and per hIaps the ablest champion in the British houso of commons for the repeal of the restrictive and penal laws al'ecting Roman Catholics and Protestant Dissenters. Hie cheered the dawning eloquence of Mr. Wilberforce in his glorious effort to redeem the British nation from the ipnnminy of sanctioning the slave trade; and he anticimatd and incnlcated in ilia writings the enlightened principles of free trade which have been recently adopted by Enmoland, anti wsieh have raised the name of Mr. Huskisson into the foremost rank of the practical statesmen of Eng. land. The defects of Mr. Burke as an orator consisted in his being too discursive. His speecihes are f~e. quently spoken dissertations, which, tltough they will be constlted in all futuro time for tile wiadom sod eloquence vwith wlhloh the?n sbound, yet were less adapted for an assembly of men of business than the vigorous dialectics of Fox, or the sounding and graceful declamation of the younger Pitt. The lines of Goldsmith are familiar to you all, describing him as one " Who, too deep fur tis hearers, still went on refining, And thought of counvilung while they thought of dinoing." ;\dd to this, though his classical knowledge was extensive and accurate, yet Iris taste was not always chaste and correct, and certainly passages might he extracted from the author of the " Subliae and Belatilfrl," which even tile genius that shines through them does not redeem from the character of coarseness. Hills manner and action were devoid of dignity, but his voice was full, and, in the impas. siotted passages of his oratory, remarkable for varied and commanding intonation. In all the relations of private life Mr. Burke was an cxcellernt man-a firm friend-a fond husband- and a mast affection. ate father. Indeed the deathl of his son, a most accomplished mtan-four years before his own broke his heart. I have been assured, by one who knew AIr. Blurke intimately, that they who only knew him after the death of his son coultl not be said to have known him at all. I know not how I can more satisfactorily take leave of this illustrious man, thlan by presenting you with portraits of him in his domestic relations, as a husband and a father: as a husband you may judge of him from the following beautifully descriptive prose paper, the idea of a perfect wife, which lihe presented to 4M rs. Burke on tire morning of the tenth anniversary of their marriage, delicately heading the paper thus " Character of-- ." (See Prior's life of lurke, p. 62.) Ilis lamentation on the loss of his son, tian which there is no more pathetic piece of elo. quence in our language, indicates the force and feeling of his attachment as a parent. (See Burke's Works. vol. 8, p. 45.) RIichard Brinsley Sheridan is the next name that challenges our attention in considering the eminent men of his time. In his family. literature seems to have been a sort of heir loom. His grandfalther was the celebrated friend of Swift; his father was an eminent teacher of elocution; his mother was the author of several successful plays ; and his grand. daughters, Lady Seymour and Mrs. Norton, have evinced, by various publications, no inconsiderable share of the hereditary talent. Sheridan showed no early indication of tlhe great talents by which loe was distinguished in af'er life. To Or. Parr is attributed the merit of discovering the lion under his disguise. Having married at the age of twenty, he was compelled to relinquish the prospective ad vantages of the law, for which he was intended, for those advantages which affolded a more immediate remuneration. T'o the drama he turned his atten tion, and the Rivals, the School for Scandal, the Critic, and tile Duenna, crowned him in the theatre with a garland, even from the wreath of Congreve. To his uncommon success as a dramatist he was indebted for his introduction to the eminent characters of the day. Indolent and dissipated, adopting in his whole life the pernicious doctrine of " doing nothing to day that he could leave undore until to morrow"-the sure mode of leaving it undone alto. gether,-his natural powers always placed him in the first rank. Between Mr. Burke and Mlr. Sheri dan, both in their history and in the construction of their minds, there wete some striking points of re semblance. Natives of the same country, they sprang from that rank in life which is compelled by the honourable exercise of its own talents to work its way to distinction. Tl'hey were both weaned from the study of the law by the attraction of politics and literature, both struggled togethler for the greater part of their career in the up-hill pathl of opposition, and the eloquence of both abounded in imagery. Of both, tno, it may be said, that they were superior to party feelings, anti neither, in the servile sense of the word, could be said to be a party man. Burke, by his conduct at the riots in 1780, and Sheridan, by Iiis conduct at the Mutiny of the Nore, gave incon testible proofs of their independence; but here the points of resemnblarnce cease. In moral strength of character, in extent of knowledge, in industry, in mental activity, and whatever may be termed the highest order of genius, Burke left Sheridan at an immeasurable distance behind. In variety of genius Sheridan was not inferior to Burke or to any man. To poetry Burke had no pretensions-of dramatic literature he was a good critic, but his writings pre sent no specimens of dramatic composition; and his wit, whether in debate or conversation, was not so light, buoyant, and disposable, as that of Sheri dtan. Sheridan's first speech in parliament was un successful. \Voodfal, his friend, tohl him " It would never do," and counselled himn to seek again tile more congenial atmosphere of Drury Lane. Blut lie was resolved thlat it should do; he had taken his part, and as Ire felt the matter was in him, lie vowed Ihe would not desist until lie had brought it out. The great secret of his subsequrrllenr t success seems to be ovsing to a quality which he possessed in a remark able degree-namely, that within given limits, and towards a present ohrject, no labour could daunt him. Tlhoulgh habitually indolent, no man could work for a season with more steady and unwearied appl;c.,tion. Lord Brougham thus traces the other sources to shtich lie was indebted for his success (see Lord l?rougham's Sketches, p. 212). Mlr. Therry then proceeded to read several passages from the speeches of Mlr. Sheridan, especially some of his felicitous and successful sallies of wit in debate, in illustration of which he read Sheridan's " Opinion on the misgovern iment of Ireland," " Application of an anecdote of Garrick," and his " ridicule of the Dog-tax bill."(See Phil. Sp. p. 232). But the event of our history on which the eloquence of Mir. Sheridan most depends for its fame is the trial of 1W. Hastings, in conducting whose impeachment ihe was appointed one of the managers by the House of Commons. His most celebrated speech was on the Begum charge, and nothing can exceed the accounts left of its unprecedented success. Not only did the leading members of all parties enter, as it were, into a strain of emulative eulogy of this speech, but the minister, RIr. Pitt, besought tie house to adjourn, as being in capacitated from it to form a just judgment on the case whilst the house, to use Alr. Pitt's expression, was " under the magical infltenceof the enchanter's wand." Mlr. T. then read several extracts from this memorable spreech, especially his ironical and indig nant descriptson of tile sort of protection Mr. IHastings extended to thie Indian people-- his description of tie suff'rings of the Begums and his beautiful apostrophe to BIritish justice in the peroration (see Sheridan's speectes, vol. I. and I). After having read two other passages from Sheridan's speechles--one des criptive of thie hostility of Buonaparte to Enpland, and thie other on thie occasion of his declining to stand for thie poll at WVestminster, both of which Mir. l'lTherry declared to be in a more chaste and hIigher style of eloquence than even hIis much praised speech on thie Begnm charge (see 'lPhil. sp. p. 213), hie proceeded :-It was painful to dwell on the un hIonoured close of this great man's life; were it not that historical truth were too important an object to be sacrificed to our feelings andt our wishes, one woult gladly draw a veil over thie scenes of humilia ting povelty, and almost of wretchedness, that em. bittered the latter years of his life. No longer the favourite of his I'rnce- no longer S'he torrtrr dramantist minrstrel who ran Through each ruotlo of the tyre, ard was master of all." Living rather on tie fame of his brilliant faculties than in the enjoyment of them, hie became as much an oblject of that pity that is allied to contempt, as hie had before been on object of popular admiration. " l'he plain truth is," as Lord Brougham says, " when thie just tribute of admiration is bestowed on tins great orator, thie whole of his praise has been exhausted. As a man his chlaracter was confes sedly low. Ills intemperate habits did not merely tend to imprudent conduct by which himself alone might suffer-they involved his family in tihe same fate, and they also undermined tlose principles of honesty which are so seldom found to survive fallen fortunes, and hardly ever can continue tihe stay of ruined fortunes, when thie propensities on gendered in prosperous times survive through the ungenial season of adversity." But, that we may take leave of this greatly.gifted man on agreeable terms, I will read a few pleasant anecdotes to his advantage told in Mloore's Life of Byron (See Mloore's Lifo of Byron, vol. ii., pp. 201-202). Thie last anecdote Lord Byron records of hlim, a remarkable instance occurs of his having staved off no actioe by sofitening and seducing an attorney in such a manner that "1 (Lord Byron) think thie attorney would have thrown his client (an honest man, with all the laws and some justice on his side) outof thie window, Ihad I coanme in at tie noment. iucl was Sheridan I" continues Lord Byron, " he could soften an attorney I I'Thlere has been nothing like it since the days of Orpheus." WVe have now touched on great names and stirring events, and if the semnrks lhave made shall induce atany persons who now hIear me to cultivate a more intimate acquaintance wcith thie genius of Chatham, Burke, and Sheridan, and incite them to a study of the histories of tire Revolutions of Atericaand France9 Jthe causes in which they originated, and the motives that swayed the actors in them, I shall have my "exceeding groat reward" for having thus awakened their attention to them; and shall feel perfect composure under the discouraging interro. gatory said to have been somewhere sarcastically put. What are the uses of lectures on poetry and oratory t The merited applause with which you have rewarded the eloquent dissertations of my friend Mr. AiBeckett, on the subject of poetry, attest your approbation of them ; and your estimate of his services, and tile attendance and attention with which you have favoured me, show that her sister art, Eloquence, presents attractions not unworthy of your notice. Let us hope, then, that this sapient interrogatory may not be repeated, or that if it be so, it may be repeated in some place where we can reply to it. All we ask is to be permitted to pursue the even tenor of our way; and we only claim not to be thwarted or impeded in our path by those who love " to look down On humble merit with a pitying frown." I should be sorry indeed to see eloquence decried in an institution formed to enlarge our minds and liberalise our feelings. Believe me, good English induces no suspicion of shallowness-ornament is not misdemeanour, nor is oratory 1,rie,? antrie evi dence of ignorance. Such is the vile and senseless cant that assails the most liberal pursuits and labours to illiberalise and degrade them. Such an opinion is the olffpring of a vulgar and technical mind " Whose genius never soared beyond The urarrow truths of trade hiis youth had conned." Undamped then by disfavour from without, yet en. couraged by your approving attention and thie con sciousness of being engaged in a work not altogether disserviceable, I propose to select others from the bright circle of illustrious names who have given the world assurance that they were men entitled to an honoured estimation in the age in which they lived, and to an honoured estimation in all future ones. To borrow a phrase from dramatic perform ances, I propose that on some future evening the curtain may rise and exhibit before you the charac. ters of PITT, FoX, GRATTArn, and ERnsEIE. [ 'he lecture was received with marked approba tion, and the sarcastic, but well-merited, remarks towards the conclusion seemed to tell upon thie audience with remarkable effect.-Eo.] 