''att aifentuen'u 9Lant. -o SPEECII of TUHOMAS CHISTIOTIiiE AdSTEI, Esq., Barrister at Lato, before the Lieutenant Governor and Legislative Councilof Van Dicmen'a Land, in support of the rights cf the Catholics of that island, as claimed in the petition of their Vicar General, the Very Ilesv. J. J. Therry. IMay it please your Excellency, I have the honour to appear as counsel in support of a petition from the free Catholic inha bitants of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies, and siguned in their name and behilf by the Very 'Rev. time Vicar General. The prayer of that petition having been acceded to by your Excellency, and leave being granted to the petitioners to appear by counsel in support of their claims before your Ex cellency and thns honourable council, that duty has devolved upon me ; and let me take this opportunity to observe that, in discharging that duty, it no more belongs to me to gratify the vulgar appetite for mar vel, or to make of myself a " public scandal," by holding up the Scriptures to indecent criticism, than to smooth down tie fancied "asperities" and so called "intolerance" of this petition by the slightest sacrifice of principle. Mly duty is a very simple one. I have to convince your Excellency that the peti tioners in whose nanme I appear have vested public rights, which are directly invaded by a certain measure now under the consideration of this hon. council; I have to convince your Excellency that their claims set forth in this petition are of a valid and constitutional order ; that the grievance it de nounces in a real and practical one; and that your Excellency cannot refuse to hearken to their prayers without the plainest departunre from firm and well established plinciples, not only of natural justice, Ibut also of positive and municipal law. That pe tition states-[here the counsel read the petition, for whsich see Chronicle of 17th iltimo]. Let me here disrliarge what I owe to myself and those I represent, andiwhat certain rumours have required of me, by avowing my hearty and honest adherence to every word of this disliked, despised, vituperated petition. Let me assure your Excellency that neither yourself nor any hon. member who hears me can in reason or justice take personal umbrage at the doctrines and practices therein set forth. It has been called into- lerant and bigotted, and particular offence is said to have been given by certain passages wherein it is stated the Protestant canon of scripture is by Catho lics believed to be a mutilation of the \Word of God, and that the version of that canon commonly called King James's version was the work of translators who, in the judgment of the Church of Rome, wilfully perverted its meaning; and that spiritual communion is denied to us with any but members of our own church. 'Thse latter portion of this subject I shall discuss at a later period of my speech, when I shall be prepared to justify our doctrine in this regard, and explain the true meaning of those misconstrued terms, "spiritual com munion." And with regard to the expressions "mutilation" and "wilful perversion," I have little more to say than that, far from regarding them as excessive or offensive, they are, in my opinion, most mild and moderate. It was impossible to have made choice of "more temperate" phrases to convey in all its strength the thing they were meant to re present-the feelings they were designed to express. VWhat was our object in presenting our petition 1 l'o signify our scruples to join in certain prayers, to receive certain instructions, to engage In certain duties, and to show whence thoseo scruples arose. 'Those scruples were not the idle and extravagant suggestions of our own fantasies, but the strong prInup'ings of conscience, and entertained obediently to the expcess decrees of our own legitimate autho rities iu all cases of conscience, moral and religions. And so our petition most carefully and guardedly describes them. It does not obtrude private fancies and speculations upon your Excellency's attention; its invariable language is that such and such is, "in the judgment of Rome," the truth ; that we are " bound as Catholics" to believe so and so; and the like. VWhat would have been more natural than for us to have copied the very language in which the decrees and canons in question were worded, when our object was to show clearly and unquestionably that it was not left to our own vo lition to concede or refuse the conformity which your Excellency's minute hints at ? But in truth we have not done so-we feared to offend this hion. council-and we sought for milder though not less expressive language. And "mutilation" and ",wil ful perversion" were therefore chosen for that pur. pose. Had we followed high Protestant autlhority our terms would have been much more startling and offensive. H-ad we, in petitioning your Excellency upon the incorrectness of this version, employed the language of a similar petition presented not to any local authority, but to the Sovereign himself, not by Catholics but by Protestants, not by laymen but by clergymen of the church of England, and those, not a few discontented men, but ministers of a whiole diocese in diocesan meeting assembled; had we in our petition, as the clergy of the diocese of Lincoln thought it no offence to do in theirs, denounced King James's version as" absurd and senseless,"as "taking from and adding to tlhe text, so as to change or ob. score the meaning of the Iloly Ghost;" then perhaps our petition would have deserved some of that censure and abuse so freely and unjustly bestowed upon it. But this we have not done; and I think that your Excellency will admit the greater mildness and tem per of our address over that of the Lincoln clergymen. We liave plainly but respectfully enounced the doctrines and discipline of our church, and which we hold merely because we believe that in "hearing that church" we obey a direct command of God. Were we not to hold dithem with faith we should cease to be Catholics r holding them with faith, were we to contravene them by practice we should become contemners of our church's authority, and so incur the weight of those censures expressly.denounced on her part against such offenders. It is, in short, a question strictly and emphatically of conscience. I am instructed to confine my argument to these points-that the proposed college, rdeiving its support from the public funds, cannot be closed to any taxpayer merely in respect of his religious opinions; that the proposed regulations touching prayer, and scriptural and religious instructions, will, in fact, exclude all Catholics; that in the proportion of our numbers and wants we are entitled to idemnand that the same facilities should be granted to youths of our comnmunion resorting to the college as to those of any other one; but that, if your Excellency shall niot acknowledge our rights to their full extent, we are prepared for tile time to content ourselves with the express exemption of our youths from all practices objected to by themselves or parents upon purely religious grounds; agreeing, also, that in the case last supposed ample security shall be given that such exempted students shall receive elsewhere religious instruction after our forms; and, finally,' that in claiming from y our justice our social rights, not requestaing them as favours from your bounty, we recognise the jus ioe of the same stipulations in favour of all roligioni ts, and not merely of such as profess chiritianity. Thlso are all the claims set forth in this much abused pe tition. 'This is the petition which some persons with much piety, others with much warmth, nild all with equal logic, learning, and liberality, have declared unworthy to be read before this hion. council. This is tile intolerant petition, the bigotted petition, the petition worthy of countries whichi, by the way, are not, as they have been represented and as I would wislh them, " hotbeds of Catholicity"-I mean Spain and Portugal. 'This is the petition which, if a trite exposition of our principles, would, in the eyes of a distinguished fiuancler and lchamlion of .vwhat ihe calls The whole Catholio church, justify your Excel lency in passing laws of pains and penalties against us, just sulficlent, and no more, to guard his Protestantism from harm, and fetter the hands of that very dangerous body, thie Catholics of tils little community. l'lhise, in short, is tile sum of our privately and unoticially intolerant obedience of our chIurch's ancient canons, in the silght of toler ating anotid enligltened Protestantismn so Intolorable, that somne milndo are said to be even now miade up by an executive, and q` l?ggilativo, and an ari trary pintoillarheo '?';ur docfinaae'eiriit practTc'ZB. Intnlerancu!Z BIgitb'y ` TLet ?tho deale, in ithes miiundergoord, termt, look firs at hoinhe ilf 'itsbo^ an elder of tliohjeirlk no Scotland tha?t usqs theits,loti himt consitcr?'wvll if thle :ontum?ly be'seemly?inshis' mouth a least; if we deserve It froahin im,' for having the boldness to assert our religious scruples and pray that they may be respected, and that, too, at a time when, if he be troe to his obedience, he is going to demarnl for his Kirk not ngrely an exemp tion but also an establishment, not merely admission into the college but also the exclusion from it of a certain catechism and book of common prayer, be cause the very introduction of such, restricted as their use may be to the Anglicans of that institution, is said to he an invasion of the rights, an insult to the dignity of the church whose officer he is. Intolerance and Bigotry! Let such as have the honesty to acknowledge and protect our rights of conscience indulge in the imputations if they will; they have not done so.' Let those who use them say which -is the worst intolerance—private intoler ance or legislative intolerance ? Intolerance in' opinion, or intolerance in action? Let them say whether they have the right so` to stigmatise our faithfulness and our free and joyful obedience to our holy church, whose doctrines, rigidly as we hold them in our hearts, we must solemnly and seriously protest that we seek not to intrude upon others ? Let them say whether this charge be not more fairly deserved by men, who bring society, who bring the state into their religious quarrels, and because the consciences of some citizens' prevent' them from mingling in their worship or hearing their religious protections, or conforming in any way to that reli gious indifferentism which is the scourge of our century, as was infidelity the scourge of the last, pronounce them Pariahs, miserable outcasts, unfit to receive what they call favors from the state, unde serving of equality before it, destined to raise taxes for the support of the revenue, but not to share in its distribution ? And this, too, in the very face of law ! Sir, I deny that toleration is a constitutional word among Englishmen'; no Englishman has the right to say that he tolerates te 'religioss opinions of another Englishman. I have as good a right to hold my faith and exercise my worslhip as any, Protestant. And so far from excluding us from our share in the education to be imparted at the public, cost, there exists not in this colony the right to re fuse to any Catholic, otherwise eligible, admission' to the highest offices, either in the executive or ins the legislative, any toro than an Anglican, a member of the Scottish Kirk, or a lcethodtlist. And when I hear appeals made to this hon council, expressly and assumedly as a Protes tant council, I confress my blood boils at the nrro gance of the assumption. This colony is neither Protestant nor Catholic-it isBritish. And every colonist, boe e what he may, Catholic or Protestant, christian or unbeliever, so that he be but a citizen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, has as fair antI good a right to the protection of the state as any gentleman here. And by protection I mean not only the negative .protection from harm and injury, but also that fr hitgher and more compre hensive protection, which helps on the citizen in working out Ihis duty to society, and to himself in the great cause of civilisation. I am proud and glad to avow it, upon our broad principle of action we claim for the Jew and Unitarian the same mea sure of consideration as for ourselves; llThis is the principle whereon the Catholics of this colony have taken their stand, and they feel that they anve taken their stand upon a great and glorious principle, whatever men of narrow and sectarian views may pretend to think it. And it seems to us, that, if the government he really jealous of its Catholic, and do really despise its Jewish suljects, equally jealous of its reputation for boner and honesty, it would refrain from calling on the collectors for a loan in aust for Cntlrolic purposes, and, when obtained, conv ting it absolutely and without account to wholly otlher pur. poses ; equally despising a deputation from the com* Smonest rules of even commercial integrity, that lowest and least commendable of integrities, it would practically remember at 'the time when it levies the fund that in the distribution Jews are avowedly to have no part. 'Thus, to use the language of that illusttious judge, Sir W\illiam Gratt, when called upon to enforce an oppressive law. of this character, formerly existing--" Whenever a man is disposed to be charitable in his own way and upon Iris own prin. ciples, Protestants are not to content themselves with disappointing ihis intention, if disapproved by them, but they are to make him charitable in their way anil upon their principies; if once they dis. cover in him any charitable intention, that is sup. posed to be so liberal as to take in objects, not only not within the intcution, but wholly adverse to it." But we are told that in forcing our bigotry to yield these points of conscience, this-bon. council is doing us a kindness. 'Thle argument is not a new one; it was lirst used by one Lord Farnhlam, a respectable, pious, silly, Irish peer, in the debates upon emanci pation. Among Iis various reasons against that measure, hie adduced its necdlessness; " they are emancipated already ; the Papists never were ex cluded from the constitution ; if they choose to con. form to the Protestant faith, they can be admitted at once." So says this minute, so say its advocates. 'Tihe only difficulty is that which existed in 1829-the obstinacy of our nonconformity. Strange I that some people will not see that in religion as in diet, "one man's. meat may be another roan's poison." And here I come to a must disingenuous position of the opponents of our claims. It has been said that this petition contains untruths ; that its doctrines are not ourdoctrines, nor its discipline our practice. It has been said that Catholicsdo not refuse the communion in Protestant prayers or thei scriptural instructioens denounced by the petition. " It is thence argued that by continuing. your exactions in these respects this hen. council will achieve, not the exclusion of your Catholic brethren from the new college of Van Diemen's Land, but the permanent and habitual disregard on their part of practices said to be bigoted and uncharitablo, and to have been already laid aside by them. Before I reply to these fallacies, in the presence of your Excellency and this hion. council, I protest against the use of them. What right hlas any Protestant to give thie lie to our Vicar General, who representsin this matter? Well wasit said by na great divine of our church-I mean the Rev. DrI. Lingard-that a greater power is oustomarily assumed by P'rotestants over our dogmatic belief thian even as they pretend our Chief Pontiff claims; for, whelreas the'lo'ope is ignorantly stated by theti tomake and usnmake at pleasure the articles of'our faith, and to tell us that we ought to believe in tlhese and not to believe in those, the Protestants go much farther; for they assume the right to lay down for us, and in our very teeoth, articles lwhichl they say are CathIolic, anid de spite our protestations to the contrary. ''liey dog. matically assert, riot that we ought to believe them, but that we shall, nay, that we actually do, believe them. And this they have done upon the presefit occasion. HIowever, that there nmay be no room for cavil, I will satisfy the council upon this point by the following extract from the Mloral Theology of Saint Alphissus, one of th0 authors most in repute amongst us (Moral Theology, book the second, treatise the first, chapter the third, 16]:-" It Is unlawful for a man to be so' present at the worship of such as have not the true faith asthat thereby he may be thought to communicate in it: it is othelr wise if it be merely for the spectacle o.' for the pur. pose of dischargig hIis public duties to hIis master, as in Ite case of Naaman the Syrian. If the Rluler were toschargo under the heaviest penalties all his subjects to frequent the prayer imeetings of those wlio are out of the church, even thlough lie were in words to say that thlereby lie demanded nothing more than civil obedience, nor wishled to force thlen to a departure from their faith, yet, since, in fact, he would seent to desire tihe contrary (for he has otlher ways of trying the abobedience of his peoplb, and this thing is of itself calculated by degrees to pervert Catholics, and moreover to win an authorily for error, and a disregard for theatrue faith), it is not lawful to obey. And twice Plius V. so wrote to the Englishl." One word 'upon' spiritual communion between Catholics and Protestants. It lhas bedn concluded by the " charity which thinketh no'oeivil~" fromn the fact that we cannot join in tihe prayers ofa Protestant, that we believe him a heretic, a lest soul, and theo like s we do no such thuig; such is not, never was, the doctrino of dur church,. The true reason of the prohibition isto be found in the context of the passage I have read. ' Where does it occur? In a chapter on bheresyl on excommuni cation1 on civil death 1 No suolh thing. The chapter Is entitled thus-" Whlether it be lawful sometimes outwardly to deny the true faith, or pro fess a false une 1" For common prayer in the defi nition of the CatlhollIc church is the outward symbol ol a conformity with the religious opinious of tihe person olliciating ; and hence a Catholic who joins mo a prayer offered up by a Protestanl, for the noncu professes Protestantism, But no Catholic over r9 fused to join in prayer wits Protestants, whero tlje prayer, unobjectionableo in itself, was with their con. "'abt recited-aloud by himself in tihe name of tise rest. Let me gconclude these preliminary observations with dne last remarklupon toloration. Referring to what thave' afready e'xpressed as to the unconstitutional and"obnoxious meaning of toleration in its literal sense, let me add that in its received meaning I prize and honor tho'word. Toleration rightly un derstood is Christian charity, ann its only hasi is religious belief. It is that which restrains tt from molesting our separated brother who refuses to hold thie trutlhs or follow the ritual of our own communion. On the one hand, there is orthodoxy, on the other, there is mercy; and these combine' are toleration. If you leave out either element, yo have not toleration but sonethings very ,diffgrent. you leave out mercy you have intolerance, if.yo leave out orthodoxy you Ihave indifference. Io0 can a man' who values his"owir religion so lightly as to join at any momentin practices wvlich it prohibits, be rightly called h man of toleration and liberality Liberal of whtat? Of that wliich'he contemns and disregards I On theother hand giien a religious scru pulous, rigid believer. who too much prizes his faith to dishonor it' by a forbidden conformity with alien rites, and yet offers not to intrude'it on consciences of another mould.than his, or'to punish or disable bis fellow citizens because they are of a different bpeintasiobi; glven such `a ,man' and yu- have given a libeal and tolerant one: Foi in thel`'direct ratio of our toleration'towards' others' ihould be our severity towards ourselves. "An'd,. lavinag:iew. diasosed of thisdoutcry about intolerance,'absurd: itid stupid as the "'No Popery" terrors which gave'it utterance; let thiishoa. council'determine'bleweeri the enlight ened'members of a purer faith, -and the':benighted individuals who address you-through their- no-less benighted advocates,. whether they or we best under stand the theory anrid practice of religious toleration i I pass now to a difficulty personally suggested to me by. the principal of the new college. He tells me that unless this council interpose to relieve him of the painful discretion reposed in him, he must do violence to his liberal feelings; and refuse to exempt any student from the scriptural instructions and attendances at prayer complained of by this petition. le holds an appointment under the crown,. and by holding it he bainds himself to fulfil its duties. Those duties are educational. And he argues "'how can I, holding this office under a Protestant Queen, un less the local government shall so direct me, connive at the yonuths who are under my care receiving such exemption from the college regulations, and such facilities of obtaining Catholic instruction and as sistance in these. essential matters, as will in fact ahmount to a recognition .of their right to remain members of a church whichl denies her Majesty's spiritual supremacy?" I should add that Ihe very fairly went on to say that, if the council decided this point for him by directing him to consider the Ca tholics to be so exempted, he would not regard such a direction as in any way inconsistent with the spirit of tlhe minute which he addressed to your Excellency, a copy of which I hold in my hand; but he did not feel himself sufficiently the lawyer to pronounce one way or the other upon it.. I am surprised that Mr. Gell should find this an embarrassing suggestion. hlis inexperience is his best excuse for having enter tained it. lBut I am astonished that it should he thought necessary to disabuse this hon. council of that impression. I am amazed to discover that in this colony at is still a matter of doubt whether Catholics are only tolerated by Protestants, or whether they enjoy equal rights, equal privileges; whether in tihe public monies of the state they have vested rights as the Protestants have, or whether they share in the general distribution only so far as Protestant pity or indulgence shall allow them. These are the questions which are comprehended in that one which perplexes Mr. Gell : one by one they have been raised elsewhere, and by more competent authorities in matters of law; and to these questions I shall now address myself. It may not be denied we are few in number-somewhat fewer than the members of the Scottish kirk, who have two representatives though more numerous than the Wesleyans who until lately had one representative in this hen. council. 'That the census fixing our numbers at 2300 hias depreciated them in the proportion of at least 50 per cent. there can be no doubt; but for the argument's sake let that census be admitted between us. Neither can we relieve ourselves of a heavier accusation still, which learned lawyers have cast upon us; we are very poor, poorer than any of the Protestant sects who for three centuries have battened on our wretchedness. 'That we are few and impo verislhed then is freely admitted .by us; there is. no disgracein either portion of the charge. It seems to me that the hereditary pauper struggling to raise himself from tile misery in which he was born, and by degrees succeeding first to assured subsistence, and next to decency and comfort, and so to the anti cipation of better things to come, is worthier of our regard thtan his aristocratic superior, not so indus trious in Iris higlher vocation, and by spendthrift waste gradually reducing himself to an impoverish ment as scandalous as the other was honorable. Nor has it novelty to recommend it; the mouths in digent were more elegantly typographised by, the same authority, two months since, as a " tag rag and bobtail set"-words so peculiarly graceful and dignified, as to leave no doubt what writer upon that occasion enlivened the columns of the wretched print, scurrilous, and calumnious, but not thle less the accredited organ of certain grave and reverend gentlemen, not the less conducted under the indirect influence, and sometimes, if report be true, under the direct editorship of one who, from Ihis station here, should have nothing to do with libels, unless coming ex ojicio before him I [The Attorney General here rose to address his Excellency, upon wiiclh counsel withdrew.] The Attorney General. I rise to say. tlhat.ainm the person attacked by the foul acid insolent' slasderer who has just withdrawn from the bar. I eli a'dared to make a most cowardly aiiack upon me, protected here by the privileges of his profession, asd, your Excellency's council, which lie has abused, to the uttering language which, if uttered elsewlhere than here, except in Ilisa onor's court, I should answer only with a blow. His Exc~lIoney desited the learned counsel to refrain from personalities. Mr. Anstey then resumed. Before I return to the part of my speech where I was so properly interrupted by the Attorney General, let me.remnimd your Excellency that muchl indulgence was due.to me under the peculiarities oh' sy position. ~,.stand here a Catholic, in the name of Catholics, to urge their claims upon your Excellency's consideration. It is only on such an occasion as the present, ob tained from your'indulgence, that we are able to make our voices heard.within this inclosure, and as yet we are awkward and unpractised. We may therefore reasonably Ihop for forgiveness if.aur awkwardness occasionally displays itself in offences against those standards of good'breeding iWhichl exist in this place, but which we have such scanty ppor tunity to imitate. And, after all,'I'am' sorry thitt I wasted words upon so miserable a detraction. , fo the reproach of, poverty,my best answer wouild knio been, that if we be poor it is otily in conseeuenceof barbarous and unnatural lawa-laws whichtbhId the Caholice that he was an 'alien in hlisnative land, and tliat in thiat land his best and chisefest dui'.wa to raise taxes for their support who nlow des.is his poverty. Mr. Gell hlas not rouantenanced thi spialtry outrage upon'deceacy :;lie has told your Ellxe(eIcy that when the royal charter is obtained, aid the college made capable of endowmeinis, this"college will be known as the " Poor Man's College." And I shall not, as I might, draw your Exelteicy'i atteniion to this fact, that until the channels of Simmigration are closed, and the field of labour over stocked, it is unfair to striko thle balancobetween theo, Catholics and Proitestints of Van Diemen's Land. We look for. mauy thousands 'of emigrants froim the mother country; and .ivhether we re ard .the'Poor Law Act, and sits emigratibon ratiig ceauses, or ier denser population and their greater wretchedness, it is rather to Ireland -than to Great Britain that Se ought to.direct our hlopes'in' tliat respect. And, even if we take both islands, it is easy to see, of all the religious denominnations in IEigland, Scotland, and Irelarid, which one singly.numbers more ieads-than any otherone,. ,For whsen ,you add to tls,eseven Cathojic millions of,Ireland.tho, two Catholje mil lions of Groat Britain l Iapprehend that the to?ot sanuguine csurclt of Eugland man will not ilesltat to aqknowledge our nunierical superiority. But it is not of majrities or'minorties thlat Ioughlt to speak; neithler should my adversaries. May tile time never come when justice is admilistered after sclh a fashlion in this colony I Tihe majority is not the people, much less is it thie state And" the popular rights are only then secured when both theo coeflitif riglats of the majority and the minority are providue for ; and, indeed, tIe minority has claims wlie toie majority has not. Protection is the duty of tire state, and tihe few and weak are more the objects of that duty than the powerful many. , How, then, comed teo questlion --has the ntinorily, have the Catholics, vested rights whilsh thisl measure-.vt violatel No; say the Protestants-the constitutipn is Protestant-and so is the executive-andl an is thl queen horself; and, therefore, it is clear that Popery is discouraged by the laws ut, is this true? Is It true at homoe? Was it ever' true in this colony ? Most ludicrously tlhe reverse I 'rhoeques tion never could have arisen in this colony. Long before:it 'was occupied by tihe British go vernment thie act of parliament passed in' tie 31st year of George Ill, hid exonerated them, in express terms, not only of the pe?iaities and dis abilitues therein specified, but also of the heavy ac cusation of holdini principles which are dangerous to society and civil liborty, and which they are willing to disclaim." But had the question ever nrisen, there is no doubt,.whatever the preamble of oqur colonial act I0 Geo. IV., No. 5, may say to the contrary, that it would have been ilecided in perfect accordance with the well understood principles of jurisprudence'and coimon law. And those dis. tinctly and clearly assere that uo'religious disabilities have any force beyond the four seas, unless expressly extended to otherdomirions of the Crown. "The disqualifications resulting from heresy; excoramuni cation, Popish recusancy, infamy, and other penal disabilities, are not enforced in:any otlier country ex cept that in'which they originate. They are stalctly teorritorial." [Story's Conflict of Laws, § 104J Hargrave'siNotes to Coke Litt.;'44]J "And' this was th6s'iinciplo tiojin which; notwithstinding iti recognitlon and inforcement by' many Brittih iimpe= rial statuted, the couits of Westminster'decided 'that slavery; being '' a law' invitaum, a municipal rela tion, an institution, therefore, confined to certain places," drdpped 'When'the negro made choice of his habitationi to England.: (Somerset's' Case XX., St. Trial's 2 B &'C, 463.)' For the principle is, 'that all disabling or odious'laws are to be jealously restrained within their letter; enabling or rerimedial laws to be liberally extended beyond thi'lettgr, and according to their spirit.' (Suarez de Deo Legis. latore, Book'.'V, Chap. 3 § 1.) And among the former this auithor includes all laws invasive of, or derogatory to, ancient or common law, or limiting or qualifying it (chap. 3, r 15). Hence, Lord Mans field, in one case, decided that certain penal statutes passed in the reigns of Richard II., and Edward VI., did not extend to Janiaica, though enacted long before that island belonged to the crown of England ; being positive regulations of police, not adapted to the circumstances of a new colony; and, therefore, no part of that law of England which every colony front necessity is supposed to carry with them at their first plantation. But because it was not only a statutory offence, but also one at common law, he held that under the common law it might be dealt with, though not under those statutes (Rex v. Vaughan, 4 Burr. 2500). But will any one venture to say that this is here the case? Will any one be bold enough to assert that Protestantism was of the common law; or that, by the common law Popery was discouraged and suspected; or the profession of it made a penal offence 1 Protestantism, that child of a statute ! Common law, that creature of ages designated in little and compendious treatises about history which, as their title pages say, are adapted to persons of the meanest capacities, designated as "dark ages," "times of Popery!" And similarly, in the great colonial mortmain case of the Attorney General v. Stewart, 2 Mer. 163.4, although it was argued that the preamble of the last act recited the dis herison of heirs by superstitious and death-bed devises to be the mischief which the Morttnain Acts from Magna Charta inclusive were intended to restrain, and that this was a general mischief, and quite as likely to occur in Grenada at that time so recently a Popish colony, as in Protestant England, Sir William Grant determined that, "being in its causes, its objects, its provisions, its qualifications, and its exceptions, a law wholly English, calculated for purposes of local policy, complicated with local establislihents, the mortmain law is incapable, with out great incongruity in the effect, 'of being transfer red as it stands into the code of any othliercountry." And it is upon this principle that the mortmain law has no force either an this or in any other colony. And, as it is ably expressed by Blackstone (1 Com. Introd., § 10)," if an uninhnbitedcountry he dis covered and planted by English subjects, all the English laws tihen in being, which are the birthright of every subject, are immediately there in force. But this must be understood with very many and very great restrictions. Such colonists carry with them only so much of the English law as is appli cable to their own situation and the condition of an infant colony; such, for instance, as the general rules of inheritance, and protection from personal injuries. Tile artificial refinements and distinctions in,::. to the property of a great and commercial people, the laws of police and revenue, such espe cially as are enforced- by penalties, the mode of maintenance for the established clergy, the juris diction of spiritual courts, and a multitude of othler provisions, are neither necessary nor convenient for them, and therefore are nut in force." It may be added, to complete this masterly sketch, that wherever a statute abrogating or derogatory to the common law is for any of the above reasons inap. plicable to the colonies, the common law is the only rule for such colonies as were acquired by plantation, not by conquest. And so much for the penal code. BDtt it is equally manifest that the Protestant com. munions can claim no advantage in this colony merely because British and Irish acts of parliament have at different times conferred such within the United Kingdom. All those enabling laws were enacted at the expense of Catholics, Dissenters, and Jews: they were in that sense disabling statutes, and therefore to be strictly interpreted. Moreover, every such law is in fact what priests call priuilegiumn. Now, Suarez, who upon that point speaks the common sentiments of all priests that ever wrote, says (Book viii., Chap. 22, § 14)--" As to the pri vilegium, it must be looked to that no exrtension thereof e moade to the wrong of a third person, or in derogation of any law ;" and, (Chap. 26, 3,) hoe adds-" thetenorof the privilegtum is to be observed. Therefore, if in respect of its matter and object it propound a determinate place, it is only valid for that place; and so, if it propound a determinate time, it is only valid for that time ; and if it refer to a determinate matter, it empowers only in respect of that matter ;" and, (chap. 27, § 6), "regularly a privilegium derogatoryto common law, must be accounted a disabling law with a view to its inter pretation, and so he rather restricted thitan extended. For that which derogates unto common law so far disableth." If the established reformed churches of Great Britain and Ireland were ever regarded as palcel of the constitution, they were so, not because they were Protestant or reformed, but because they were established. And how establisoied By par liamentary endowment, by taxation lavws, by trans. mutation of real estate from its former owner, the churcll of Rome I And are not all these titles to establishment purely local, territorial, Britishl? Do the customs and revenue laws, the tithe laws, tile church.rate and vestry acts, do the church extension grants, apply to 'this colony? Or coull the acts that transferred to the new church the lands and hereditaments vested in the old extend to those preseht dominions of the British Crown, which then woro wholly undiscovered and unkonown; and the reason why Blackstonoeand our other law-writers have laid it down that all sudch laws are wholly inapplicable to the colonies, unless eas pecially extended to them, is well put by Suaroe (chap. xiii. T. 1.)-" It is most notorious that theseo taxation laws are onerous,. and to be numbered with disabling laws; andt hence they belong to this place and are properly classified as penali Taxes are diatinguished' as real, personal, and mixed;.real taxes, as church tithes; personal taxoas, ns contributions, mixed taxes, as the gabeolle," &c.; it was their establishment that madetlo them parcel of the constitution; and that establishment was a thing "in its causes, its objects, its provisions, its qualifl. cations, and its exceptions, wholly local, territorial, British l" Else what is the meaning of a Proteslt antlconstitution ? How does the financier under stand his own plan of. Protestantising this college'? How will he accomplish it ? Above all, let hint ds - fine the moeaning of that word Protestant, in a way that shall reconcile Ohillingworth, who said that the Protestaut religion was the B3ible alone, with Burke, who declared the word Protestant to mean nothing more than the negation of faith, the denial of Popory I Let themt do this too in such way as sball satisfy avery Dissenter from the Church of lome, the Anglicant first, and likewise the Units rian I But the truth is, it is weak 'and sensoless, and the more abuse of metaphor, to talk of Pirotost antisin entwining itself auiong the various institu tioans of tbo stato,'and even upholding them as their matt lbsomoent. For, not to speak of trial by jury, and hlaugna Charta, and representative legislation, and other things, some of which we have, and others wn have not, in this colony,, and yet all of which cane to us from Catholic not P'rotestant forefathers, I must decidedly disclaimn the vagueu and.tcrude.no tioles of state and sovereignty which some persones have so recently and ostentatiously uttered to the publio. Theo Queon is Protestant; tho state is nou tral. Victorida Is Protestant; hieroxeutivu isnsolitral, 5 Thus thi executivo, by means of whlich, and the state over whlah, .sho reigns, are both neutral,' f though by the act of settlement her Majesty is per-, is sonally bouud to boe otherwise. She cannot say as Louis XIV, in his boyhood said, " Iams the state," but " I am as the hlead of the state," ý Neither can she trulybo described as tilho executive; for, over since thlo revolution of 1688, the executive has boon, a responsible oxceutivo, and personally she is irro sponsiblo. iHer ministry, her government, is the real executive, and, bo the religion of its indivi dual constituents what it may, collectively and in its administrative acts, it is bound to be strictly and religiously neutral. And then, as to the state, I know but of one definition of the word: it is a jural society; that is to say, it is a society of men ahing relatives of rights to one another, and to the whole. It is a society not of choice, but of neces sity, and that necessity, one inherent in man's very nature. By his nature he is destined for an end : s that end is the civilisation of himself, and of the Y world he lives in, and destined for society as the e means to that end. His neighbour has rights, but so has he; and, having them, they have the right to use themt too; and they have reciprocally the right to call upon society to protect the rights of each from restriction or determination arising from the user of his own rights by the other ; and, finally, is all the assistance which it can give him to accom. Splish his destiny, here below, he is entitled to demand of society. Whether it be the means of t traffic, or police, or moral and scientific culture,.it L rarely happens that the individual is able to secure n those general and extensive, but indispensable s advantages, without the general concurrence and assistance of society; and the very necessity which , compels him to demand the help, gives him his best y right tohavoe it. For the social is his natural con. d dition in which he is compelled to live; were it of d his own seeking, his rights and duties would bo of a far other and more limited order. Ini a word, e between the subject and the state, there arc no such Ir things as favours, or entreaties, or acts of grace. Hr Fow, then, can such a society as this be intrinsi -cally Protestant ? Most assuredly, it is neutrality ' itself! But why should I talk of legal rights ? The modesty of our claims, and the strength of the g impression which they are so calculated to make upon just and generous minds, ought to secure their s concession, oven in tlihe absence of vested rights. . Were I a Protestant, I should distrust the man who Y called on me to legislate for education in a Pro t testant spirit. I should desire that my religion had Y something better to characteriso it than the repo a tition of attempts, under legislative sanction, to steal t Catholic purses where it could not steal Catholic hearts. I should grieve to witness that habitual a endeavour to retard the spread of education among a the Catholics; and the more so, if I thought that s ignorauce was the chiefest auxiliary of that church y which produced the Bossuots and FLvnblons, and f received into its bosom the Miillers, the Stolbergs, 1 and the Schlegels; and that, in dissipating the ignorance, I should dissipate the religion of Ca t tholies. Were I a Protestant, I should grieve to consider my religion in England palsying the arm of power, which would stretch itself forth to the a whole people, tendering an education adequate to I the wishes of the many, and outraging no principle I hold sacred by tho'few. I should grieve to remember \- that the same opposition, not confined to England, I but extending to her colonies, has succeeded in the sister colony, and has defeated the great measureof a general education brought forward by its govern I ment. And I should reason-for it is thus that many liberal Protestants amongst us reason-how. much better it would be that the people of this colony should have it in their power to say that, though the unclean spirit of intolerance has crossed the I seas, escaping from the waning affections of those I too long possessed by it at home, and has come to the antipodes seeking rest, it has not found it 'amongst us. But, in truth, we ask for no con cessions-no favours. Our claims are strictly jural and constitutional; we claimi them not as largesses, but as rights. If their grounds be no vain theories, but principles recognlsod by every code-and more especially by one so free and generous as is the constitution of our mother country, what becomes Sof the position that we, the free Catholics of Van Diemeu's Land, before the law.equals and fellow. citizens of its free Protestant colonisto, have not a vested right in the state we serve, or the irotection it dispenses. That right is transcendapt and im presciptiblo. An unascertained, unallotted right it Sniay be: a contingent, precarious one, it is not. It is clearly a vested right. It is certainly vested in interest only, not in enjoyment; but betwveen such a right and one merely contingent, the difference is immense. Yes the Catholics of Van Diemnn's f Land are fully and rightfully entitled to claim at your hands, that measure of protection and official countenance which you are ready to concede to the Protestants. iBut, do they ask it ? No I They demand that the site of the college be that chosen in one of the great towns of this island, so as to give diurnal opportunities to their sttudents of visit ing the altars of their holy faith, and learning there the science of salvation-and they demand that conformity with college discipline shall not be en forced at the expense of conscience. In that case they ask for no endowments such as the Protestants are to have. But if your Excellency, for the sake of a detail, be determined to imperil principles-if, be cause a rural site might be for some purposes pro. ferable, you are resolved to build the college in the interior of the island, where Catholic chapels are not, and Catholic teachers are not, you shonld at least enable them to counteract the difficulty occa sioned by your own measure, and provide for them, at the public cost, an accredited Catholic instructor within the college or without it, whose duty it shall be to superintend the religious education of the Catholics. I am bound to say that such are the rights which do belong to Catholics; and oniwhich, did I feel that one vote in this hon..councilwould be tendered in their support, I should on their behalf insist: and if I now forbear to do so, it is with the emphatic protest that these rights are postpouned not abandoned, by them or by their advocate, but must and shall be asserted at the proper time, in the proper place, and upon the first favourable opportunity. I am now instructed to clain at all sievnts thus much-that, on an assurance 'being given by the friends of a Catholic boy at the Queen's School, a Catholic student at the College, that he shall receive religious instruction from other quar tors, and shall practice the great duties of prayer and worship after thoe .tonets and discipline of his own church, such a schoolboy, such a collegian, shall be entirely exempted from the school or college regulations as to prayer, and reJigious studies or instructions of any and every kind. T'hus, the right they ask of you to recognise is the one simple, natural, and primordial right, of a bare and unmo. lestod existence. Shall the right be acknowlcdged.? s1ail the do mand be granted The decision of that question is with your excelloncy and this honourable council. Far be it from me to employ the e'crest semblance of a monaco't Far be it from those whomI address so.to miscontruo my laiguago I But I pti it to your excellency, is st not fit that this debate shall be concluded here rather than in Downing.streeoot ?I It has boon my part to demonstrate that illiboherality 1 upon your part will be violation of right;ji and:such a violation if silently borne will obtain a sanction and. an authority by virtue of our.. acquiescence. There is nothing in the common law of this colony, nothing in its statdte law, to warrant the denialof our claims. If you are prepared to deny them to us, be at least prepared to ascertain the principle ofyour denial; for inso acting you follow no pro. codent,, you create one;. and,.what is at least as ominous for the. future welfare of our islands, you will have taken one, step towards convincing those most interested. in. the matter,that it is no place for a Catholic; having too much, pioty and.honor to part with conscience at the bidding of self-intoroest; and then it willbe felt that those were not calum niatora who asserted iq Eurpope thatto our deadened moral sense expedidicy ?vas theigrteatest of virtues, 'anid'ihtaegrity a visionaryj',.dlelusion. ,And illastly, so fir from accomplishinig the enlightenoed ;liurposes of Herschell,' or even 'producing the outward and hol low appearaonce of repose, you will discover.wli?wh .h it is too lIte that yourt ill-aldvisod pr'chtiiedidthive'a offoadually'ededd, first by cresinn, and thbn y porpetuatinrg, the 'bitternmes of rehlgous arl;ivl i distinctions among all the'membors o( your commu nity, ' After Mr. Anstoy hdd'rotbled, a de'sultory con-r vorsatlon to'ok place between thelo 'colonial secre.o? tary and Mr. Lawrotce, who presented the potitiori, neom which it would seem,' n'otwitlistanding ctrtaiu intolerant expressions, that tihere is no serious titoen tion on thd part of the council to persevere in op. [ positiod to the claims of theo OCatholics'; and' rwe may hopel that tie next arrival will bi.tig this intelligene 1 'tlrat'the rules of' tho college have bbebn o modified at to' moot the vidwe of thei pjltitioniers ' The scbhoon~r Luy Ann, ?0 tons, was sold yesterday by', Lyons, at Iis anrt, for £7t0.r CATHOLIC INSTITUTI.--ThIe nionthly` general 'meeting of the Australian Auxiliary Cathohlic Institute will be hold in the Old Court Ilouse, Castleraongh-street, on Sunday next, 4lth instant, at seven o'clock in the evening. The committee will meet the same day nt the Chapel loUnse, at three o'clock p.m., to hand in the collections of the month to the treasurer, and arrange tie business of the general meeting. Ntew utAP Lr..-A publio mooting was held at the Independent Chapel, in Pitt-street, on Thursday evening last, for thie purpose of raising a subscription toward the erection of a more commo dious place of worship for the congregation of tShe Rev. Dr. Rloss. 'The meeting was presided over by the reverend gentleman himself, who addressed the meeting at considerablo length, commenting with great ability upon the folly of sectarianism, andt the duty of all classes of christians to soupport each other in the free enjoymcnt of their relitgion. 11e also called their attention to the necessity of erecling a new place of worship, the one which they at that moment occupied being too small to accommodate all who attended it ; and invited those of other reli gious denominations to assist in carrying out the in atentions for which they had assembled After the conclusion of this address a subscription list was opened, and before the close of the evening the sum of £1837 17s. was collected. We understand that it is the intention of the reverend gentleman to erect tlo chapel entirely from the proceeds of voluntary contribution without applying to the government for aid, a resolution for which we give him the highest degree of credit. DuTIrs.-We have been requested to contradict a statement made at the meeting of pub licans which was held a few days since, of the Attorney General and Mr. Foster having each given a legal opinion that the act for increasing the duties on spirits did not apply to those already in bond; and are emnpowered to state that, on the contrary, the Attorney General had given an entirely oppo site opinion to the Collector of Customs, who was the only person that had consulted hint on the subjeet. MUDIE V. KINCHELA.--The trial of this celebrated case has been fixed to take place on the 15th instant. It is stated in the laughing circles that the Major, in the expectation of receiving a few treats like that given by Mr. Kinchela, had taken the precaution to have his garments well padded with some elastic substance. It is further rumoured that the Major intends to return to England as soon as he shall have pocketed the damages which may be awarded at the termination of the pending action. INQUEST. - An inquest was held on Monday afternoon, at Mr. Walker's public-house, Kent-street, on the body of a woman named Ann Rooney, who died suddenly at her residence in the same street on the previous evening. From the evi dence brought forward on the occasion, it appeared that the deceased (who was a woman of notoriously bad character) had been intoxicated the whole of Sunday, and during the course of the afternoon had quarelled with a man named Levi, from whom she received a blow on the face. Immediately after her death, therefore, this man was taken into custody, together with one Rusleton, with whom she was at the time cohabiting; but it having been clearly proved that her death was caused solely by an apopletic attack brought on by Iher previous habits of intemperance, the jury returned a verdict to that effect, and both prisoners were discharged. Our readers are reminded that the sale of that valuable property at Concord, known as Nichols's Orchard, will come off at Mr. Stubbs's auction mart, this day, precisely at twelve. Mr. S. Lyons sells this day, the im ported roan bull Alexander, besides a mixed herd of cattle, and some allotments of land in the town of Liverpool; . TEETOTAL DINNER.--Wo have just arrived from at excellent dinner upon total absti nence principles at the Temperance Coffee-house, Pltt- strcet, which has been recently fitted up by Alr. Vercoe. The viands were ample and excellent, reflecting great credit on the taste of the host; and the highest degree of good humour prevailed amnon the gentlemen who were present on tihe occasio,. The health of her DMajesty the Queen and her royal Consort, the Chairman and 'Treasurer, the Press, the Reporters, and other toasts, were drank in the purest of all liquids; and several able addresses were delivered, which for want of time and space we are compelled to omit. 