VAN DIEMEN'S LAND FICTIONS. We have noticed that some of the Van Die- men's Land journals have of late given en- couragement to the system of misrepresenta- tion connected with South Australia, which is certainly in no shape warranted by the facts, and which we are rather surprised to have met in quarters where pretensions to superior respectability are occasionally set forth. The Hobart Town Advertiser not very long ago announced on the authority of "letters" re- ceived, — 1st. That the greatest distress pre- vailed among the labouring emigrants in South Australia; and 2nd. That they were flocking by cores to the beach entreating the masters of vessels to give them a passage to Van Diemen's Land. Here the grossness of these fictions create amusement —in spite of the evidently mischie- vous intention of their authors and circulators. Considering, however, that elsewhere their falsehood might be less palpable, we submit the following facts to our friendly contempo- raries in the hope that their desire to injure South Australia may be less strong than their interest to give one of their best customers, at least occasionally, something like fair play. The distress of our emigrants then, is best proved by the rate of wages these unhappy persons earn. The pittane of the ordinary labourer, for instance, varies from six shillings to eight shillings; while artisans, according to their skill, earn from nine to fourteen shillings per diem. But still more dependable is the fact, that the demand for labour even at these prices, [is?] far above the supply; [?] that for weeks before and after the time the Hobart Town Advertiser's "letters" were written or received there were in the whole of South Australia no emigrant UNEMPLOYED at the rate of wages we have quoted. The number of newly landed emigrants during the first months of the present year exceeded 2,000—they have all been employed ; for weeks past the official return of unemployed emigrants has been nil; and of the 150 landed from the Eliza, from London, last week, there are in Emigration Square, at this moment, only some twenty persons who have been too much en- gaged in getting their baggage on shore, to turn themselves to regular work! It is moreover unfortunate for the "greatest dis- tress" manufacturer of the Advertiser, that he was ignorant of a slight obstacle which the " humbug Commissioners of the bubble colony" had placed in the way of its existence. These improvident managers have actually secured the unemployed emigrant against des- titution or distress of any kind. Houses, food, medical treatment, and comforts are provided, at the public expence, for all unemployed emigrants; and the most conclusive proof of the " greatest distress" prevailing among them, is to be found in the fact, that save in a few cases of sickness, and in the ten or four- teen days after landing, the public bounty has but rarely been claimed. The second assertion, that "emigrants were flocking by scores to the beach, entreating masters of vessels to give them a passage to Van Diemen's Land," may be easily disposed of. It is utterly false; and as our contempo- raries have stated this on authority, we chal- lenge them to produce it. May more, we hereby offer a REWARD of Fifty Pounds, which we pledge the credit of this journal to pay, for the production of any letter and the name of the master of any vessel who has reported the fictions detailed by the Hobart Town Advertiser. The Launceston Chronicle, just received per Waterwitch, publishes the following letter:— We are favoured with the perusal of a letter just received from an extensive importer of stock to South Australia, from which we make the following interesting extracts:— "I regret to say our sheep have not come to so good a market as I could wish, there is a great want of money, and I am consequently unable to effect sales of any importance. I put up 5,000 to auction the other day, in hopes that a number of persons meeting together might produce compe- tition and thus enable me to effect sales, but 1,000 prime young ewes are all I got rid of at 38s. and 42s, per head, and with these I was obliged to give credit; I could not get a single bona fide bid for any more, although the Adelaide papers will make it appear that they all went off at excellent prices. Statements of this kind are inserted evidently to deceive people in the neighbouring colonies. For my part, I do think that if all the newly arrived Emigrants were to scrape their ready money together they could not produce as much as would pay me for my sheep and land. So much for coming to the beautiful Province. They have got hold of me with a vengeance, and, I am. in spite of myself, compelled to become one of their principal settlers. A few more stockholders from New South Wales, will like myself come here to be thoroughly disappointed in their views. " As to ultimate success, I think there is very little doubt, the Commissioners and the South Australian Company have already expended such immense sums of money here, that they must go on supporting it, and being a body of men posses- sing great wealth and influence at home, they will never let it sink into the back ground. Its pro- gress will certainly be very much retarded by the many ill-natured and interested reports that have gone abroad of its capabilities, but when I consider the very large quantity of stock that has already been introduced and is daily pouring in, thus form- ing an article of export of no mean importance, and withal supported as it is with British capital, I cannot but take a favourable view of its untimate prosperity. You would be astonished to see the great number of fine buildings, that have in various parts of the town sprung up, and are yet in pro- gress, and when another town is formed, people must turn their attention to more legitimate and profitable pursuits, and invest their means in stock and settle in the interior. Many young men have already gone out and are scattered far and wide, and I hope ere long to see many more follow their example, we shall then see a sounder state of things. " This colony was formed on erroneous prin- ciples, and has hitherto been kept up by the force of humbug, its success now depends mainly on the support of immense capitalists at hime, who have unwittingly been drawn into the spare and cannot without immense sacrifice withdraw their support, and many of our old stockholders from New South Wales, who like myself, once they get here, must remain. "We are now thinking of sending stork over- land to Swan River, and meetings are being held by our principal stockholders to take into con- sideration the best means of proving the practi- cability of an overland route. I think a bonus of some £2000 will be offered to the first person who may accomplish such an undertaking; one half of the sum to be raised by the Government and Colonists of South Australia, the other moiety by the Swan River people. Should we find means of communication overland between the two colonies, land at Swan River from being worth comparatively nothing, will rise to a price in proportion to be value of land in the other colo- nies; for my pasrt I have very little doubt of the practicability of an overland route, and I consider it a good and pretty safe speculation, to invest money in the purchase of lands there; I only wish [?] to go." Although we have not the slightest clue to the identity of the writer of the above letter, yet we cannot refuse to consider it a genuine production. It would be difficult to imagine, however, even from the writer's own showing, any reasonable ground of complaint. He sells 1,000 ewes at from 38s. to 42s. per head, and grumbles because he could not persuade the persons who attended his sale, to purchase 4,000 more at his own price—for it appears he was party to a sale where biddings not bona fide were permitted. The assertion that para- graphs regarding stock and sheep sales, have been inserted in the "Adelaide papers" evi- dently "to deceive people in the neighbouring colonies," is a rash and totally unfounded statement. With regard to their origin, we have, in all cases, had the authority of the auctioneers, or agents, or parties themselves for any such sales, before we inserted any report of them; and we confess we think our autho- rity on the subject is quite as good, as it cer- tainly is more disinterested than that of parties who stand out for extravagant prices—and who, at the same time, are aware that every fresh importation operates against the chance of their obtaining it. How the Chronicle's letter writer arrived at the conclusion of the inability of the "newly arrived emigrants to purchase his sheep and land, even were they to scrape all their ready money together," we cannot conjecture. One fact stares us in the face, that upwards of 2,500 head of cattle and 18,000 sheep have been sold and paid for within the last month; and that numerous large stock holders of New South Wales, after disposing of their entire herds and flocks have within that period re- turned to New South Wales to collect fresh supplies for the South Australian market. These persons, at least, are not discouraged; and when it is known that there is a market here, at fair not extortionate prices, for 10,000 head of cattle and 100,000 sheep, with every prospect of a continued and increasing demand, we think that the probability is, that the saga- cious stockholders of New South Wales will not allow our wants to remain unsupplied, or turn away from a market which has hitherto proved one of mutual profit and advantage. The assertion of the letter writer, that " the colony was formed on erroneous principles, and has hitherto been kept up by the force of humbug, "is very consistent with some poortions of the epistle itself. We do not suppose that the writer has the slightest idea of the fact, that the "erroneous principles" of South Australia are now the universally recognized principles of Colonization acted on by the Queen's Government, and applied as far as practicable, in all British colonies where un- appropriated land remains to be disposed of! Humbug, too ! Had the colonists been entrap- ped by non bonafide bidders, at an auction to purchase the writer's sheep at an extravagant price, there would neither have been '' erron- neous principles" in the establishment, nor " humbug " in the support of South Australia. But the colonists were wary— hinc ida lachry- mae. 