DIBBLING WHEAT. Dibbling, though apparently very tedious and expensive, is partially practised in Norfolk, but only where the soil is dry and sandy. On ordi nary wheat soils, it is very unlikely to become a general system ; the time lost in the process, the expense of la bour, and the inauspicious weather, at a critical season, will always create a Srejudice against a mode, which, un er some peculiarcircumstances, would unquestionably be remunerative, and which, to tbe small holder, who mere ly cultivates a few roods of land, and who can employ his family is the de tails of the process, will prove espe cially advantageous. The mode is thus described, in London's Ency clopaedia of Agriculture : — ' 7 he Dib bling of Wlteat is practised in some parts of Norfolk. The furrow is laid over flat, and a row of holes is made along tbe middle of each, by a man who uses a dibbler in each hand. A middling workman will make four holes in a second. One dibbler is sufficient for three droppers ; whence one man and three children are called a set. The dibbler carries on three flags or turned furrows ; and returning upon the other, after which he takes the middle one; and thus keeps his three droppers constantly employed, and, at the same lime, is no danger of filling up the holes with his feet. The droppers put in two or three grains of wheat into each liole ; hut much time and patience are necessary, to teach them to perform the business properly and quickly. An expert dibbler will hole half an acre in a day ; though one third of an acre is reconed a good day's work. Tho seed is covered by means of a brush harrow ; and from one* bushel to six pecks is the usual quantity of an acre. Notwithstanding the ad vantages of saving seed, as well as some others, which are generally reckoned undeniable, it is asserted, by some very judicious farmers, that dibbling of wheat, on the whole, is not really a profitable practice. It is particularly said to be productive of weeds, unless dibbled very thick ; which, indeed, may probably be the case, as the weeds are thus allowed a greater space lo ve getate in. Marshall is of opinion, that tbe dibbling of wheat appears to be particularly adopted lo deep, rich soils, on which three or four pecks, dibbled early, may spread sufficiently for a full crop; whereas, light, weak, shal low soils, which have lain two or three j years, and have become grassy, require an additional quantity of seed, and, consequently, an addition of labour ; | otherwise, the plants are not able to ' reach each other, and the grasses, of ' course, find their way up between them, by which means the crop is in jured, and the soil rendered foul. If a single grain of good size, and sound, could bo dropt in each hole, and no more, there might be an advantage in dibbling, where it could be accom plished at a moderate rate ; but, whore two or three grains are put in each hole, and often six or eight, tbe source of profit is diminished or destroyed, by two fold means ; first, by using too much seed ; and, secondly, because three or four grains, springing out of one hole, will not make such a strong plant or stool as one sound grain. The only way in which we can conceive dibbling likely to answer is, by the use of a machine such as that invented by Plunkett, but which never came into use. To attempt dibbling cither wheat or beans by hand, ou a large scale, we consider as quite unsuitable for the present improved slate of agriculture.' Whether in rows or broad-cast, the horse-hoe or hand should be intro duced once, in Spring, and after the roller. Thinning out the plants to proper distances, when broad-cast, greatly serves the general crop. This is an operation unknown in Ireland. If grass-seeds are to be sown among! the wheat, the hoe will be doubly ser ? A bushel of seed will furnish little more than a plant to every square fool ; if the land therefore, be not as rich and as well tilled as a garden, to fill up the land by a vigorous and abundant tillering, this small quantity of seed '?ill be insufficient. To tell the farmer, under I any but very peculiar circumstances, that a bushel and a-liair of seed will be sufficient for an acre, will tend only to mislead him. Though enemies to thick sowing, we would avoid the opposite extreme. viceable, as it will afford cover to them, 1 while it promotes the tillering of the i wheat plants. Indeed, withont com- : plete harrowing and hoeing, wheat is j the very worst crop with which to sow grass seeds, from the consolidated state of the land, and the length of time during which weeds of all sorts have to germinate, and possess them selves of the surface, especially if the wheat be in drills. — Martin Doyle's Cyclopaedia of Practical Husbandry. Longevity and Long Servitude. — There are now residing, all within one hundred yards from that ancient and venerable pile, tbe parish church, of Croston, and to tho services of r which they have, in their respective capacities, been attached for very many years ; tbe rector and his lady, the parish clerk and sexton, and thoir wives, whose united ages amount to 448 years, viz : — The Rector ? 73 His Lady ? 70 The Clerk ? 78 His Wife ? 78 The Sexton ? 82 His Wife ? 69 448 Money LETTERs.~The following notice has been issued from the Ge neral Post Office :— ' In consequence of tbe great increase of letters con taining coin, it has become necessary, in order to prevent the total interrup tion of tbe service, to discontinue the system which has hitherto prevailed of entering tlie addresses of such let ters, and talcing receipts of them on delivery to the owners. The practice, however, of entering such letters as money letters will cease on and after the 1st January, 1840; after which time, parties having occasion to trans mit small sums in cash are recom mended to make use of the money or der office, where they will incur no risk, while those who may desire to remit bank notes or drafts payable to bearer, are requested to cut them in half, sending each half, if possible, by two different posts. In the case of bank notes, or bank post bills being sent, the numbers, dates, and amounts should be carefully taken. Money orders for sums under £5 are granted by every post town, upon every other post town in the united kingdom, on application at the various offices. Elopement Extraordinary. — An affair of a singular nature has re cently occurred in the county of Nor folk. We abstain from revealing the names of the parties, as we understand a court of law will speedily decide on the merits of tbe case. It appears that the gentleman, Mr. ? , was in formed by his domestics that his lady was a great admirer of an officer in the Lancers, now quartered in the city of Norwich ; indeed, so well founded were the suspicions, and so strongly conveyed, that the injured husband determined to procure proof positive, and to effect this invited tbe gentleman and a brother officer to dine and sleep, omitting to say in the invi tation that some gens d' arms were to he of the party. The lady and her husband it seems have long been in the habit of occunvius different anart ments, and on the particular night Mrs. ? , it was remarked, wished her husband good night more affecti onately than usual. The police, how ever, were on the alert, and stationed about the mansion. At about three in the morning a figure appeared, slowly and carefully bending its way through the passage, and finally cn sconsed itself in the lady's room and turn the key. To make the assurance doubly sure, the gentleman's room was searched, but no ghost nor shadow was discovered there. Doors in these fashionable and romantic days are made of stout oak, and do not give way as in the days of Jack Sheppard. Armed with pistols, the police and the husband were yet several minutes in effecting an entrance, and the gay Lo thorio, doubtless without much hesi tation, jumped out at the window in his robe dc nuit and one slipper. It was (fortunate or not our readers must determine) the merest chance thai- Se was not killed on the spot, falhu£ within two inches of a deep area : how ever, a run 01 itiree miles across some ploughed fields proved that the gallant gentleman was more frightened (ban hurt. The end of this romance is, that Mrs. ? departed lo her friends, the enraged husband to the French, and the officer to the English metro polis. Are the Americans Prejudiced Against the English.^— We say, deliberately, ' No.' So many years of peace have shown lo all the enligh tened inhabitants of the United States, the boundless advantages of national amity with the mother country. And the following testimony from the Go vernment of the United States, on tho subject of one of the most valuable of modern discoveries, shows that merit, of whatever country, meets with a hearty reception in that land of liber ty. The following letter was received by a large wholesale firm, a few days ago : — Gentlemen, — The services, in all external maladies, rendered by ?? Hol loway's Ointment,' and ' Hoiloway's External Disease Piil,'(thelonicand alternative auxilary to the Ointment,) are so great, that I cannot refrain from publicly acknowledging the same, and requesting that you will furnish tho naval department with 1000 packages of each, by the Castor, via Liverpool, immediately. — 1 am, &c.; Alexander Adams, Washington lio. of Assembly. Sec. pro tern., 1830. 