Ecclesiastical Intelligence. From the Catholic Magazine. PORTSMOUTH.-Sailed on the 20th of June, in the ship Plantaganet. Captain Domett, the Rev. Jeranus Chadwick, and Messrs.Wm. Weld, Jeremiah Scully, Richard Cooper, Henry Shea, and Joseph Mere. These gentlemen are for the college of S. Francis Xavier, at Calcutta. T''hey took out withthoem a large supply of tracts anti prayer :books, gratuitously furnished by the Catholic Institute. ALTON TOWERS.--,CONVERSION OF MRS. PUGIN.-A full account of this splendid ceremony was drawn up by a distinguished Divine expressly for our last publication, but, it unfortunately never reached us. We have, therefore, supplied the loss so far from the Stafford shlre Examiner. " On the festival-of the glorious'Arch angel, St. Michael, Mrs. Pugin, wife,. of the celebrated architect, A.Welby Pu- gin, Esq., made a public reonpeiation of Protestanism, ans a solemn profession of the Catholic Faith, in the chapel of St. Peter's at Alton Towers, near Cheadle. The ceremony was grand and awfully im pressive. Agreeably to ancient Catholic custom in this island, and to the present practice of the Church in Catholic coun tries, the aisle of the sacred edifice was bestrewed with odoriferous flowers and evergreens, emblematic of the sweetness and never-fading beauty of the heavenly Zion. From either extrenmities',of the side galleries was eatended -across the chapel a handsomeo and tasty festoon of flowrets, from the cbntre of which was suspended a crown of the same materials, directly over the head of the convert. At the appointed hour, as the full organ poured forth its majestic note, the Rev. Dr. Rock, as priest, attended by the Rev. Messrs.JMorgan and 'Fpirfax, as deacon and subdeacon, walked in solemn pro. cession from the sacristy to the sanctuary, preceded by the thurifers, acolytes, and torch- bearers. Their vestments were of the richests gold brocade. A grand high Mass was then sung, with all the usual inexpressibly affecting ceremonies of the Catholic church. Immediately after the Gospel, Dr. Rock exchanged his superb chasuble for a splendid cope, robed with which, he, at the:footof the altar, intoned the first words of the hymn to the Holy Ghost,' Veni Creator Spiritus,' in the old Salisbnry .chaunt, which the choir continued with impressive effect. At the conclusion of the hymn, the Rev. celebrant recited the psalm, ' Miserere,' with the versicles and responses, accord ing to the Roman ritual. The subdeacon then lighted a large wax taper, orna mented in the style of the fifteenth cen tury, which from its beauty merits a particular description. It arose out of a bouquet of rare exotic flowers. Around the lower part of this candle were rolled .three labels, written in Gothic characters, with the following ejaculations:-' Jesu fill Dei, miserere mtei'-' O mater filii Dei, memento mei.'-' St. Michael, era pro me.'. The higher part was orna niented with a wreath of flowers in brilli ant colours, above which, attached by a golden string, was suspended a small. Gothic label, upon the richly diapered' ground of, which was emblazoned, in the' style of the fifteenth cenitury, the Arch-. angel St. Michael overcoming Satan. Supported on his right and left by the deacon and subdeacon, Dr. Rock 'placed this beautiful taper in the hand of Mrs. Pugin, who, with this emblem of faith and an edifying life before her., read, in the presence of the officiatiug ministers and a large body of spectators, her recan. tation of Protestantism, and her liro. fession of the Catholic creed. The Rev. Dr. Rock afterwards addressed a short, but eloquent and applicable discourse to her, .pourtraying the figurative significa. tion of the flowers, the wreath, the lighted candle, and the blase .of wax tapers .crowding the altar, which he represented as denoting the beauty of the heavenly paradise, the splendour of the crown of glory awarded to thejust, and the admo. nition of our iRodoeemer in the Gospel, , let your light so shine beforo men, that .others, seeing your good works, may glo. rify God your heavenly- Father;' He congratulastbd'lier on roonaing'to Mount iion, the 'ciy of the Living God, the Ileaveenly,3erusalom, and to the company 'of hany thousands of angels, and to the sthurh bf the.first-born who arp written in liven, and to God the. judge of all, and to the spirits of the just made per. fooet;' He congratulated her on her re turn 'to the bosom of that church .which had been the foster-mother of all the saints who hadl over:lived tthroughout the Christian world, and he exhorted her to show by her example, much more than by lihr words, thabt slshe was Cfatholic in heart as well as in profession. The cle. bration of the high Msast was then con tinued in the usual majestic manner. The *'Te Donm' was chaunted by the choir at the conclusion, antd a solemn benediction wias prbobunced by the cele. brant over'the~ de'ieply affected convert, whoso mind and ,oul scomed wholly ab sorbed.in the nonmentous proceedinigs in which shobevas taking so prominent a part. The crowd which filled the chapel con sislted eliieaodf Protestants, who beheld the wholoe ceremony with the maost re spectful and praisi.wvorthy attention." Notv'Catholio Churches have boon open'edwith- great solemnity at Selby, Harrow; Croydon, and Scarborough; the followlxag ii an account of the coroemonies at the last named place. Scansotouo..- On Tuesday, the Ca tholiefohurch of Scarborough was opened with. a 'degree' of religious <pomp and cercnibny neverbefore witnessed, we may confldently';assrt, since the period of the ?Iefodiniaiion. Notwithstanding -lthe' ac 7live opposition to the success of, the day manifested by many zealous individuala, almost every seat in the church.was ocou pied both morning and evening by a highly respectable congregation, two thirds, at least, of whom were not Catho lics. The service of the tiday was opened by the ceremony of "The aspersion." Tho celebrant (the Rev. M. Iruppes) accomponied by his assistant, went in procession round the church, preceded by the cross- bearer,- who bore a large cross of polished metal, of remarkable intricate and elegant design. Mass then co.m mencod, and proceeded amid the touch ing and elevating strains of Mozart and [Haydn. The sermon was an eloquent and spirit- stirring address, upon the glorious privileges of faith, and the bles. sedness of a life and death in accordance with it, which was preached by the Rev. J. F. Whitaker, of .York. A dis course was delii'ered in, the evening, by the Rev. M - Trappos, and embraced a masterly analysis of the delusions of the human heart, respecting both morality and faith. The application of the prin. ciples upon' ?which he'proceeded, to test the justice of the prevailing prejudices respecting the Catholic' religion, was ex ecuted with a perspicuity, point, and truth, which we are confident were felt, and will he long remembered by those who heard hint. The vespers were beau tilfully chaunted alternately by the choir and clergy occupying the sanctuary. The paintings which hmave been introduced into the'chiirch by Mr. Bulmaer, as well as the style of general decoration, elicited expressions, not nierely of, approbation. but.delight, f' uitall'fthe Catholic church no longer occupios thee inferior rank it formerly did among the religious edifices of Scarborough. .The music was ex cellent. PARIs.-On Pentecost.Eve, Miss Op permano of Hanover; a Protestant lady, abjured Protestantismn in the church of the Ladies of St. Michael. On the 26th May, the Bishop of Ver sailles held an ordination at St. Sulpice, when one hundred and seventy-eight young men were ordained, via., thirty live priests, thirty deacons, fifty sub deacons, twenty four miners, and thirty nine who received the tonsure. Amongst those ordained priests were five front the Irish seminary, four deacons and ten sub-deacons from the same. ST. PoL.--A young lady of.distinction of this town has lately abjured the errors of Protestantism, and been received into the Church by the Abhe Robitalle. BoU..oGNE.-'The Baroness d'Drdre and Madame de Wlresson, two ladies of Swiss origin, adjured Protestantism in the chapel of the Sisters tie Hon Secours, an this town. They were received into the church by the Abbe Lecoumto, the Vicar-General. BonRss?AU.-O the 1st May, the foundation stone of a new church was laid bohere with the accustomed formalities, by the Archbishop. The Ahbb Rigagnon, cun6 of St. Martial, assisted by his vicars and other imembers of the church, intro :luced the public authorities. After the stone had been blessed, and deposited in its place, the Archbishop addressed the meeting, and paid a well merited compli ment to the magistrates and the faithful, who had associated together to .promote the work. Mr. Matthew., in the absence of the Mayor, addressed his bgrace in re. turn. The following inscription, in Latin, was engraved on a plate of metal depo sited with the stone. " The year of sal vation, 1839, on the ast of May, under the pontificate of Pope Gregory XV.I, and in the .reign of Louis Phillippe, Baron tie Sers, Prefet of the Gironde:; Mr. David Johnson, Mayor of the City of Bordeaux.; Mr. Ferdinand Francis Au gustus Donnet, Archbishop of Bordeaux, blessed and placed, in presence of the Magistrates and amidst public rejoicing, the first stone of a new 'church, more snitablo and convenient, which is to be raised at the ezxpense of the city, and assisted by grants from the govenmment, and the subscriptions of the faithful, for the parish and under the invocation of St. Martial, Apostleof Aquitain, and the patronage of the blessed Virgin Mary, under the title of Queen of Angels. CASIBRAY.-On the 31st April Celes tino Maine, aged 27 years, abjured Pro testantism in the church of Orchias, in i tie diocese of Cambray. 