DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. Sales by Auction advertised in this paper milich mill take place between this and our next publication. THIS DAY. By Hebblewhite, and Vickery, at their Rooms Lower George street, at li o'clock-Seidleitz Powders, Cargo of the Diana, and Scsostries. 7 " By tlie Australian Auction Company, at their New Rooms Gooige-street, at 11 o'clock-Stone Bottles, Glasswaie' Paint«, Glue, Merchandise, Hams, e\ Mcxborough, lied Herrings, and Pork, Sugar. MONDAY, By Mr. S. Lyons, at his Rooms George sstteet, at 12 o'clock-the Brig Argo. ]3y Mr. Dodds, at the Union Hotel, Maitland-a Brick Cottage. By Hebblewhite and Vickery, at their Booms Lower George-street, at 11 o'clock-Merchandise, ex Sesostris, Combes, &c.; &c.; By the Australian Auction Company, at their Kew Mart, in George-street Oil coverings, Fancy Prints, Sheetings, Counterpanes, &c.; t By Mr. Blackman at his Booms in Huntei-stieet, at 11 o'clock-Rice. Messrs. Hebblewhite and Vickery sold, yesterday, 50 horses, at an average of £31 10s. each. GAS-LIGHT C o M P A N Y.-A special meeting of the shareholder of this com- pany took place on Monday last. Major Barney in the chair. The object of this meeting was to elect a chairman in the room of Mr. Woolley, who has returned to England, and to make a call for a fifth instalment. It appeared from tha finan- cial statement that the sum paid on shares in this Colony is £16017, and the expen- diture already incurred is £1339812s 3 I, leaving a balance of £2618 7^ 9 I in hand. There is a further outlay of £6600 re- quired, which will amount to the whole of the nominal capital of the company, which is £25,000. This sum will, there- fore, only light the parts of the town at first proposed ; but owing to the great increase and extension of* the town, the directors think it advisable to light tnote than was originall intended, for which purpose they intend calling a public meeting of shareholders for the purpose of adding to their shares, which they are empowered to do by a clause in the Act of Gouucul. BOOK ROBBERY.-A man named Ran- som was brought up in the Police Court the other day, charged with having stolen sundry volumes from a book-stall be- longing to a Mrs. Story in Pitt- street. He was remanded on his first examina- tion for the evidence of another witness, and that the polit e might have time to apprehend another person who was like- wise suspected. On examining the pre- mises of the prisoner, many literary curiosities were found, and among them a quantity of books belonging to Mrs. Story. The well was then dragged, and a parcel of books found, rather a strange book-casp ; likewise, a bag which, when first caught, felt heavy, but burst on the way up ; it had, by all appearances, been filled with flour. Their examination, are told, conies on this day. On Thursday, the 28th, a match was run over the Parramatta ('ourse between Lieut. Love's cb. h. Mazeppa, ridden by Lieut. Chambre, and Mr. Dalmahoi Campbell's gr. g. Block, ridden by Lieut. Pryer, which was won easily by the former. Mazeppa jumped away with the head, and was never headed, and proved himself a «* good un" at the hill.. We hope the examples lately shown to the public will have a beneficial effect among the sporting community. A correspondent of the Sydney Herald of yesterday, complains that the match on Monday last was unfair. He might have complained of the Novelty being excluded from the race, but ut least should have confined himself to the truth. In the first place, 1 p. si, was the time appointed for all boats to be ready (which was al- tered to 2 p. M. at the request of a gentle- man, one of the Novelty s crew). It was arranged that they should should start as near 2 p. M. as possible. In the second place, the Pelter did not object to starting without the Novelty, nor did any of the other boats ; on the contrary, the whole of them objected to the Novelty running, and I don't know how they (of the No- velty) could expect it-six strong men against four boys ; not that either the Pelter or Fair Jane cared, but the Arrow and Peri both did. Again, tho Novelty started almost at the same moment as tho other boats, and not a mile behind, as stated ; further, she did not come in third but fourth. At Pinchgut she was within j a few jtuds of the Arrow and Fair Jane, but came in half a mile behind both boats. ' although -the rowers in the Novelty did their best. I am authorised to say, that either the Pelter or Fair Jane will row the Novelty for any sum.-Correspon- dent. 1 1 ! FORGEBY.-A young man was placed at the bar of the Police Office yesterday, oh a eharge'of having uttered forged cheques. ' He stated to the Bench that he had picked up two checks in George street, and brought witnesses to prove that he had tried to and the owner of them ; he was accordingly discharged. A GH'IST-STRÜCK REPORTER.--A/most I' ridiculous affair took place in this office on Tuebday morning last, about 1 o'clock, ft is the duty of our reporters to sit up' and read the proofs each night prior to the day of publication. On the night in question he was detained later than usual on account of most of the compositors lioinir. absent nil day, in honor of Mer Mujtsiy. While he was walking about ijiu front office, at the hour abovemen tioned, waiting for a proof, hu* obsei ved what he considered to be something strange, looking through a pana of ghtis in one of the front windows. The more .IO looked, the strangers appeared. Al last it struck him that it was one of tin- men with a comic, or rather.tragic, mask on, indulging himself with a lark. ^Vury ¿ood," said he laughing, u como in and let me see it ! ' so saying he walked about as before, waiting the. arrival of the "man in the mask." No one came. Ile the snuffed the candles, and continued his walk ; still no one came. He looked up, and lo ! it was still there even more vividly than before. "Go about your business, you fool," f-aid he angrily, but looking at it steadfastly ; *' what the deuce are you standing there for, grinning like a fool ?" There was no answer ; the head remained where it had been "before, and every minute it seemed to get more hideous. Hedegcribis it, as being like the face of an- uncouth ugly woman, who bad been in her grave for some weeks ; the features distorted and ghastly, with a sheet over the head. As ho looked the features appeared, to move and grin on him a " ghastly smile" while it nodded its fright- ful head. Suheseized a slick and rushed to the front door to have at the intruder ; there was no one there. ' Ile went down the steps to the right-?he looked into the vacant allotment-but could see nothing but empty carts. He went to the oilier side and looked down the passage, not a living soul was to be seen. As hu went up the stairs, feeling rather uncomfort- able, he shut the office door, and ventured another glance at the window ; there it was still, and seemed to laugh at him. He lighted the caudles suddenly-down popped the head ! He lifted them up there it was again ! He seized his stick, and shutting-his eyes, sent it with ven- geance through apune under the spectre, when ly and behold it struck with a sud butnp against the strong- verandah shutter which was locked Inside, and on opening his eyes he saw reflected the likeness of the polished black iron-safe standing near, a fantastic likeness of which had been produced by the flickering glare of the candies. " What a confounded fool I have been to b¿ sure," said he sitting, and giving vent to his feelings in along breath. This same individual has been the subject of more than one ridiculous scene, having first taken fire in the public streets, and now he has turned Ghost Seer! ÏHEFr.-A charge of stealing a watch was brought against a man at the Police Office yesterday, by a tradesman named Forbes. The latter brought witnesses I» prove that the man bad his watch; and lie told the Bench be had not seen it since ho had it. It appears that the prosecut n was drunk at the beginning of the week, and broke a pane of glass in the window of the Chronicle Office. As he had not money enough to pay for the glas-', he gave his watch as a pledge for payment. One of the clerks in the office stated that the prisoner carne to bim and gave him money to get another pane of glass. He then went out of the office, and gave the watch to the prisoner in the presence ol the prosecutor, who was stupid. The man was remanded for the evidence of a wit- ness named Flannagan.- - GOOD NEWS-IF TRUE.--Our reporter went to. the t Police Court on Tuesday morning expecting to see an overcharged list of drunkards and others ; but when lu reached that place he found, to his great surprise, that the lists were not a whit fuller than usual, and that there was not a case of any note amongst them. The number of drunkards did not even average the usual quantity. We remarked to one of the Inspectors that it was wonderful that the Queen's birth-day had gone off so quietly. That person answered that he bad never seen< the like before, and shews that' morality is ou the increase in Sydney. We hope S3. CAUTION TO BUYERS.-Never go into 6mall cAea/;-looking shops to buy any- thing with the idea that you are going to make a bargain ; depend upon it you will pay more for the at tide than it is worth. Go at once into a respectable shop and ask for what you want, for their character is at stake if they impose upon you. A lady of our acquaintance went into one of those small shops ? to buy a grate the other day. She saw a second-hand one of the very description she- wanted, and bought ' it as a bargain, ' as she thought; As she was going along George-street on her way home, she saw anew grate, ex actly the same, at the door of one of the first-rate ironmonger's shops in Sydney. Wanting to see the extent ot her bargain, she went in and asked the price of it. What was her surprise when she was told that it waslOi. cheaper than the one she had' bought, and had likewise fire-irons. Many tricks of this kind are played in Sydnejt FURIOUS DnivisG.-As the following applies equally to Sydney as to Launces- ton, we extract it frota the Cornwall Chronicle of the 9th of May last : " This practice has arisen to such an alarming height, as to call for immediate suppression. Some of our modern jihos tons are as desirous of displaying iliuir dexterity in the use of the whip, and so 'much anxiety to show off their " bits of blood" to advantage, that it is become dangerous to walk the streets. We daily see some of them flying through the town like harnessed meteors, to the imminent danger of the humble pedestrian. The constabulary ought to look to this-but no, the gentleman seated in his gig is an object that quite dazzles their slavish con- ceptions ; although on' the other hand, should some humble huxter manage to whip 'his-dórikey:intó'any''thing resem- bling a gallop,, he ,would doubtless, be summoned the next day to answer such a 'gross, breachiof the,'.peace.. > The fault of the great «to»,' let them bo never so fla- grant;., jj.u .r>. .». Eicape the tight of these children ofliglit, Who are wits in their generation." A BOLTER - By the Corwall Chro- nicle of the 9lh of May, we learn that a person named Budds has bolted from Launceston with property to a considera- ble amount. A portrait of the runaway is given, under which ii the following:- The Swindler, William Umphelby Budds.- The debtors ofthis arch-fiend - this hypocritical old villian met this day, at the Exchange, to inquire into the mat- ter of his solvency, when a circumstance came upon the carpet that has afforded fund for general conversation for some days past. We allude to that of Budds' wife, (who we believe to be as much in the secret of the villain's bolting as he was himself) having torn out two leaves from his ledger, containing the Rev. Dr. Browne's account - it was generally stated that Dr. Browne has advised the woman to tear out the leaves. Some circum- stances, however, incline us to believe that that gentleman was wholly igno ant of the cirumstance. We acquit him of any knowledge of the transaction, and believe that, Mrs. Budds, knowing that business matters were not unusual with her husband and Dr. Brown, had torn out the 1eaves to prevent any knowledge of such transaction being communicated to the public, without examining whether or not they were recorded on the leaves. - Hower, we shall endeavonr in our next to explain the whole of this affair, and will publish depositions that have been made by Mrs. Budds and the assignee relative to it in our next. FIRST ACT IN COUNCIL.-The first act woithy of notice that too place in Council on Thursday, was the entrance of Mr. Berry ; there was such a look of satisfac tion on his countenance, that all who saw him must have felt a thrill of joy likewise. He took off his hat, andlooked blandly around him, then glanced with a patron- izing smile up to his old friends in the gallery. After writing out an order for some of his friends outside, he took up what he considered to be his hat. " Mr. Berry, Mr. Berry!" said Sir John Jamison, "That's my hat - my name's in it." "What, what!" answered Mr. Berry, looking anxiously in the inside " so it is Sir John, so it is -where can mine be?" Mr. B. then took up" a shocking bad hat" lying near the spot where he had laid his own down, and eyeing it ruefully, asked Sir John whose it could be? "Why, Mr. Berry," an- swered Sir John- " I think it must be Mr. Lithgow's;" ; "Well, he must have mine," and off he went in quest oí his hat. An apprentice named James Smith, was sentenced to 30 days imprisonment to the gaol for disubej ing the orders ol his master in smoking a pipe. 'I he lad in defence stated that ho was told hy good (judges that t-mohing a pipe uas good foi tlie constitution. We quote the following poetical jeu d' espnt on New South Walen from the Colonial Gazette of December 4ih : - THC LAND Of CON I 1UDICI IONS. (.-Isci wed lo Mr. P Dune in, of Kew College, Oxford ) | 1 here is i laml in d s din suas F II ot ill c utiaiielits I li.'re bei t» have mallard's bill and legs, Iluvr spur» like cocks, like hen» l.iy fg=s. I here pirro's wal« upon tilt grounil, \m\ grass upon the trues is found , On other tries-mother woniler - Leaves vmhuui U|>per side or under. I lime |.eus joti'll -caree with lutchet cut ; »tones are putsule the cberrus put. an ins are not « hue, bul bl iel as soot I hoe neither leaf, nut root, nor fiull, " Will any Christian pal ile -uit ; Unle-s in desp'rate need you'll fill ye H Uli root of tern ami sulk ol lily. , . , 1 here missiles lo far dis ance sent ' ' Come whizzing b ick from whence tiley went. I here a voracious LU e-sbcep crams ' '" 'I Her paunch with flesh ni lender lambs , '' ' While 'stead ol bread, and b-et, und broth, > Mi n fedst on many a roasted moth.''i . ' Tlieru quddrupeiU go on iwn feet, i 'ii And yet feiv quadrupeds no fleet * \ i I here Innis, although they cannot fly, In 6»iftness with the greyhound vi«. Wi h equal wonder you may see , The foxes fly from tree io tree , And what they value most, so wary. These foxes m their pockets carry. I here courting swains their passion prove By knocking down the girls they love. ' There i very servinl gels his pl By character ol foul disgrace ; ' ' I here vice it virtue, v r'ue vice, Aal dil lint'!, vile is voted mee 1 he Suu, when you to face him lum ye, From right to lill performs lu-journey. 1'lie North wim'sscoioh, but wuen the breeze is Full from the Souih, why ihen it freez 9. Now, of what place can -uch slra ige tales t Be told with tiuth bul N. S. W. 