________The Catholics before the Council. __At the request or several or our readers, and in fulfilment of the promise which we made last week, we proceed to present to our readers a full report of Mr. Anstey's speech before the Council, in support of the Catholic Petition against the exclusive Church of England, monastic course of Education, to be paid for from the Dublin taxes : — __Mr. T. Chisholme Anstey, barrister-at-law, appeared at the Bar, in support of a Petition from the free Catholic inhabitants of Van Diemen's Land and its dependencies. __The learned counsel said that, His Excel- lency having been pleased to order the Catholics to appear by counsel in support of their claims, that duty had devolved upon him. He observed that in discharging that duty, it no more be- longed to him to make himself a " public scandal," by holding up the Scriptures to inde- cent criticism, than to smooth down the fancied " asperities" and so called intolerance of the Petition by the slightest sacrifice of principle. His duty there was a simple one — he had to show that the grievances of which the Pe- titioners complained were real and practical, and their claims of a valid and constitutional order, and such as the Council could not refuse to hearken to, without departing from the great and well-established principles of the Consti- tution. [Here the counsel read the Petition.] He felt it a duty he owed to himself, as well as to those whom he had the honor to represent, to make a few observations on the language of this disliked, despised, vituperated Petition. It had been called intolerant and bigotted ; and certain passages, in particular, had been con- sidered objectionable ; the first was that wherein it is stated, that the Protestant Canon of Scrip- ture is by Catholics believed to be " a mutilation of the Word of God," and that King James's version oi that Canon was the work of trans- lators, who, in the judgment of the Church of Rome, " wilfully perverted its meaning ;"-- the second, where they state that spiritual commu- nion — with any but members of their own church — is denied to them. He would justify their doctrine in regard to this latter portion of the subject, and explain the true meaning of those misconsttued terms " Spiritual Commu- nion" at a later period of his speech. He cor- dially concurred with every word in that Pe- tition. He firmly believed the truth of all that was there stated ; if he did not, he would cease to be a Catholic. The language of the Petition he considered extremely mild and moderate. It was impossible to have made choice of more temperate phrases to convey in all their strength the feelings they were designed to express. What were the objects of the Catholics in pre- senting their Petition ? To signify their scruples —to join in certain prayers — to receive certain instructions— to engage in certain studies— and to shew whence those scruples arose. Those scruples were not the extravagant suggestions of their own fantasies, but the strong promptings of conscience, and entertained obediently to the express decrees of their legitimate authorities in all cases of conscience — moral and religious. Their Petition did not obtrude private fancies and speculations ; its invariable language is, that such and such is, " in the judgment of the Church of Home," the truth ;—that they are " bound, as Catholics," to believe so-and-so. It would have been but natural for the Catholics to have copied the very language in which the Decrees and Canons in question were worded, when their object was to show clearly and un- questionably that it was not left to their own volition to concede or refuse the conformity which His Excellency's Minute hinted at. But in truth, they had not done so — they feared to offend the Honorable Council— they sought for milder, though not less expressive language, and " mutilation" and " wilful perversion" were chosen for the purpose. If the Catholics had employed the language of a similar Petition, presented not to any local authority, but to the Sovereign himself, not by Catholics but by Protestants, not by Laymen but by Clergymen of the Church of England, in diocesan meeting assembled—had they, as the Clergy of the dio- cese of Lincoln, thought it no offence to do, denounced King James's version as " obscure and senseless," as taking from and adding to the text, so as to change or obscure the meaning of the Holy Ghost," then perhaps their Petition would have deserved some of that censure and abuse so freely and unjustly bestowed upon it. They had not done this. They had simply eounced the doctrines and discipline of their Church, and which they hold, believing that, in " hearing that Church," they obey a direct command of God. There were difficulties in Mr. Gell's Report and His Excellency's Minute, which Were grievous to the Catholics, but the sentiments expressed by those documents were such as every Catholic subscribed to. Yet there was a great discrepancy between the sentiments of the Minute and Report, and those of their authorised or unauthorised advocates. It was of the latter that the Catholics complained the most ; and it was to their arguments, that he should chiefly confine himself. He was in- structed to urge these points : — That the pro- posed College, receiving its support from the public funds, cannot be closed to any tax-payer merely in respect of his religious opinions --that the regulations as to prayer and reading the Scriptures, will in fact exclude all Catholics, who, he contended, were equally entitled in proportion to their numbers to the same facilities which would be enjoyed by members of any other denomination— that, should their rights not be acknowledged, they were prepared to content themselves for a time with the express exemption of Catholic youths from all practices objected to by them or their parents upon purely religious grounds, and that ample se- curity should in such case be given that such students should receive elsewhere religious instruction after their own forms. The scheme proposed contains difficulties to every Catholic who desires to act as well as profess his faith. The means of relief are simple and speedy. The Catholics demand what — the en- dowment of a Catholic teacher, which they have a right to demand ? No such thing ! They only ask that the College may be erected in such a situation as will afford their children facilities for attending the spiritual instructions of their own Ministers ; and that they may be exempt from a course of religious discipline, with which, without violence to their conscien- ces, they cannot comply. In claiming these privileges for the Catholics, the learned gen- tleman was bold (and would be guilty of great injustice were he not to do so), to claim them alike for Jew, Unitarian, and any and every other sect in like manner excluded. For con- taining an exposition of these conscientious scruples the Petition was by some denounced as false — by another as unworthy to be read before or received by that Council--by others as being worthy only of Spain and Portugal, countries which were far from being hot-beds of Catholicity — while other declaimers call upon. the Council to pass an enactment against the dangerous body of the Roman Catholics. The Petition was charged with bigotry and intolerance, and was argued to justify an active and legislative intolerance on the part of en- lightened, tolerant, and liberal, Protestantism. If one of those who had denounced the Catholics as bigotted and intolerant, happened to be an Elder in the Church of Scotland, let him look at home, and not make imputations coming with an ill grace from himself, at a time when he is about to claim much more for the Kirk, if he does his duty. Which was the worst species of intolerance, that of opinion, or that of action ? Whatever others might do, the Catholics seek not to intrude on consciences of a different mould to their own. Literally speaking, " toleration " was not a constitutional word to an Englishman, who has no right to say he tolerates the persons of another religion. The Catholics were not tolerated, they did not exist by the pity and compassion of Protestants —they had a right to their religion--there was not a seat in that Council, however distin- guished, to which a Catholic otherwise eligible, had not a right to aspire. That Council was not Protestant — any more than it was Catholic. It was British— and whether Christian or un- believers, any British subject was entitled to its protection— not merely in the limited sense of protection from injury, but to that extended and comprehensive protection which enables a man to discharge the duties which devolve upon him in temporal society. What the Catholics claim they claim for all sects, and by so doing, feel they have taken their stand on high ground. What they demand cannot be refused without a breach of integrity, and such a breach as even commercial integrity, the lowest species of integrity, would be ashamed of. The Catholics had heard with some astonish- ment, that it was in contemplation to do them a kindness at the expense of themselves, and give them an education as the means of con- vincing them of their errors. A similar idea was propounded by a respectable, pious, silly, Irish peer — one Lord Farnham, in the House of Lords. His Lordship contended, that the Catholics were emancipated before 1829, that they were not excluded from any privileges, they had only to conform. But with religion as well as diet, what was one man's meat was another's poison, and it was impossible to con- form where conscience forbade conformity. Sir William Grant had remarked that when Pro- testants find one not of their own opinion inclined to be charitable according to his own sentiments, they believe that he must be charitable also on their own terms, and some- thing after this way was the plum-pudding religion of La Mortiniare, called a greater boon to the Catholics than what they claimed for themselves. It had been said that the Catholic Petition did not contain the sentiments of the Catholic body ? no man had a right, however influential his station, to give the lie to the Vicar-General, when he propounded an expo- sition of the Catholic religious creed. It was surprising, but not the less true, that the Pro- testants lay down a creed for the Catholics, and argue that they must, they SHALL, nay, that they do believe it, however contrary it may be to those authorities in spirituals which Catho- lics are bound to obey. The learned advocate here read an extract from the Moral Theology of St. Alphonsus, to prove that Catholics were, forbidden to join in devotion with those who have not the true faith ; and that it was not lawful to obey the commands of a superior to that effect. Where did this passage occur ? Was it in a treatise upon heresy ? upon excommunication ? No such thing ! and yet they had been told by the "charity which thinketh no evil," that the reason for the prohibition of this spiritual com- munion, was that Catholics believed all Pro- testants to be heretics, which is not, nor ever was, the doetrine of Catholics. The passage occurred in a chapter, whose title was, " can a man by external acts lawfully deny his Faith ?" And hence the prohibition. For prayer in the estimation of Catholics was an external symbol of conformity, and therefore forbidden of those out of the church ; but no Catholic ever refused to join in prayer with a Protestant, if the reading of that prayer were committed to a Catholic. Much had been said of toleration— what was it other than an admixture of ortho- doxy and mercy, without orthodoxy it degene- rated into indifference, and without mercy it became intolerance. The learned advocate would now leave His Excellency and the Coun- cil to judge between the merciful, liberal, tole- rant, and enlightened Protestants, and the poor bigotted, intolerant, and benighted Catholics. Mr. Gell himself had noticed the difficulties of which the Catholics complained, and had stated, that unless relieved from the onerous duty by the interference of the Council, he should be compelled to enforce strictly the duties of an appointment, which he held under a Protestant Queen ; but if the Council would authorise a departure from those rules, he should not at all object. Among other things charged upon the Catholics, it was said that they were few-- that they were poor ; — it was true. The census fixed their numbers at 2500, and it could not be denied .that they were poorer than any other sect. Was that a disgrace ? Far from it. " The hereditary pauper, struggling for his bread, and raising himself from the misery in which he was born — first to an assured sub- sistence, and then to decency and comfort, and so to the anticipation of better things to come, ? is worthier of our regard than his aristocratic superior — not so industrious in his higher vo- cation, and by spendthrift waste gradually re- ducing himself to an impoverishment as scan- dalous as the other was honorable. Nor has it novelty to recommend it : the mouth utters what the pen writes. The Catholics who, by speech to-day, are denounced as contemptibly indigent, were more eloquently typographised by the same authority two months since, as a " tag- rag and bob-tail set"— words so peculiarly graceful and dignified as to leave no doubt what writer on that occasion enlivened the columns of the wretched print— scurrilous and calumnious — but not the less the accredited organ of iundry grave and reverend gentlemen, not the less conducted under the indirect in- fluence, and sometimes (if report be true) under the direct editorship of one, who, from his station here, should have nothing to do with libels, unless coming ex ojjicio before him !" __[Here folio wed the Attorney-General's coarse interruption, noticed in the last number of the True Colonist.] __Mr. Anstey resumed — He was entitled to more indulgence than had been shewn him, in this instance. Catholics had only such an op- portunity as this, to make their voices heard here. They might hope forgiveness, if they were awkward, and unpractised, and not con- formed to those standards of good breeding which exist in this Honorable Council ! He felt too deeply the cruel insult that had been offered to himself and Catholic brethren to let it pass unnoticed. Their poverty had been thrown in their teeth. How had that poverty been produced ? By barbarous and Unnatural laws, which denied them their rights. On the question of numbers, who could strike abalance of population until immigration should have ceased--considering their wretched condition, it was far move likely that the great majority of immigrants would be from Ireland. But the question was not one of numbers, it was simply — have the Catholics vested rights ? The Protestants say no. The Queen is Protestant —the State Church is Protestant— the State is Protestant— this Council is Protestant--all is Protestant—and therefore Popery is discarded, by law. Are these assertions true, either in England, or in this Colony ? Certainly not ! The statute of the 31st G. Ill, had settled that point. But there was no need of that statute to decide the question. The learned counsel then quoted Mr. Justice Story, (Conflict of Laws, 104, and Hargraves notes to Co : Litt : 44) to prove that all Popish and other penal disabilities, never had any operation without the United Kingdom. He instanced slavery as protected by Imperial statutes in certain parts of the British dominions, but which was left in other parts of those dominions to common law, which declared it illegal. [He cited Suaiez, (De Deo Legislatore) to the same effect ; as also Lord Mandsfield's judgment in Rex v. Vaughan, (4 Burr. 2500.] So that the Catholic status in these Colonies was of common law. And would anybody say, that Popery was odious to common law, that creature of " dark ages"— " times of Popery ?" [He cited the great Mortmain case of Att. Gen. v. Stewart, 2 Mesi. as another example of the point ; and lastly, Blackstone's admirable remarks on the applicability of English Laws to the Colo- nies, (1 Comm. Introd. § 10) as summing up almost all that could be, said on the subject of the penal code.] He then went on to show the local character, and inapplicability of the dif- ferent Acts of Parliament establishing the re- formed Churches of Great Britain and Ireland, relying upon most of the authorities he had cited before. The reason why they are at home parcel of the Constitution, is not because they are Protestant, but because they are Es- tablished. And how Established ? By taxa- tion-laws, and other means of revenue, which are all strictly local. It is said, that the Con- stitution is intrinsically Protestant. Let the financier who says so, define the meaning of his terms. Burke was of opinion that the term Protestant implied no particular faith, but a mere denial of Popery. It was absurd to talk of Protestantism entwining itself around the foundation of our institutions. The Queen is Protestant, but the Executive is neutral — Vic- toria is Protestant, but the State is neutral. By the Act of Settlement the Queen was bound by law to be a Protestant, but she was not responsible. The responsibility rested on her Ministers, and they as a body were neutral. The State was a Jural society, in which all had rights— not of choice but necessity. All men were destined to an end, the civilisation of themselves, and their fellow men, society was the means by which that end was to be attained. When a man claims his own rights he admits those of his neighbour— the.rights of each being established by the concessions of all. It was the right of all to share in the advantages of any grant from the State for the purposes of education. What becomes now of the position that the Catholics have equal rights, which the law acknowledges, but that they have not vested rights ? Upon plain natural justice, thay have a right to call for the same measure of protec- tion as Protestants. But why should he talk about rights ? Were he a Protestant, he should desire some better characteristic for his Church than the constant endeavour to take Catholic purses, where she had failed to win Catholic hearts. He should grieve to witness that habitual endeavour to retard the spread of education among Catholics, and the more so, if he thought ignorance to be the best auxiliary of a Church that had produced Fénèlon and Bossuet, and received into her bosom, Miiller, and Stolbery, and Schlezel ; and that in dissipating their ig- norance, I should destroy the false belief of Catholics. And he should also grieve to see that religion still palsying in England the arm of power outstretched to all the people, and tendering the blessings of an education, ample enough for the wants of the many, and outra- ging no principle held sacred by the few. And he should grieve to be reminded, that the same opposition not confined to England, has suc- ceededed in the Sister Colony too, by defeating there the great measure of general education, brought forward by its Local Government. And then he should reason, as many liberal Protestants amongst us reason, how much better it would be, that the people of this Colony should have it in their power to say, that though the " unclean spirit" of intolerance has crossed the seas, escaping from the warring affections of those too long possessed by it at home, and has come to the Antipodes " seeking rest," it finds it not amongst us. Be that as it may, it was His Excellency's duty, at all events, to hear them when they came to claim their right. For that purpose alone was he there to sue. The Catholics had not demanded all they have a right to — they might have demanded the en- dowment of a teacher of their own faith ; but they simply requested a convenient site for - tholic instructors to visit the Catholic children, and a total exemption from any form of prayer, on an assurance to be given by the parents, that a competent instructor of the Catholic faith should be provided by them. If the Council was prepared to resist this simple demand, it was prepared to put in peril a great principle of the Constitution. What they claimed was a primordial and imprescriptible and vested right. He should be sorry to be understood as holding out any threat, but would ask, whether it were not more desirable for this question to be deci- ded on the spot how, than in Downing- street hereafter ? If what the Catholics demanded, were now granted, he would candidly state that they would only be contented with it for a time, ultimately they would seek for their whole rights, because illiberality and violation of right, if silently borne by the Catholics, would acquire ? weight and authority in time, by reason of their acquiescence. " There is nothing," concluded, the learned counsel, " in the common law of this Colony— nothing in its statute law — to warrant the denial of our claims. If you are prepared to deny them to us, be at least pre- pared to ascertain the principle of your denial, for in so acting, you follow no precedent, you create one ! And what is at least as ominous for the future welfare of our Island, you will have taken one step towards convincing those most deeply interested in the matter, and al- ready too well prepared to believe it, that it is no place for a Catholic to dwell in, having too much piety and honor to part with conscience at the bidding of self-interest. And then it will be felt, that those were not calumniators who asserted in Europe, that to our deadened moral sense, expediency was the greatest of virtues, and integrity a visionary delusion. And lastly, so far from accomplishing the enlightened purposes of Herschel, or even producing the outward and hollow appearance of repose, you will discover, when it is too late, that your ill- advised proceedings have effectually ended, firsts by creating, and then by perpetuating the bit- terness of religious and civil distinctions among all the members of the community." 