Kentun of tte HeDp. The Police would do well to keep a-sharp look out, after a blackguard fellow of the name of Clements, a pretended rcnder. of fruit in a wheel bnrrorw; who keeps a shllarp look out for something ,more profita;le, and easier come at. During the past week, a very respectable young woman was passing the residence of Robert Campbell Junior Esq., in Cumberland.street. when-this vagabond, Clements, grossly insulted her, anmid -if a Constable had been at hand, we would have given him into custody, and we will pledge our word, that our trusty Superintendent of Police would h:ave given him a desert ; he seldom vands on this recommendation. St'DDeN DEATl.-On Friday last, a sailor named Denis Moore, on board the lBengal, at :laying off Pinclgut Island, fell from the foretop on board, and was killed by the fall. An inq lest was held on Saturday last at the house of Mfr. 'liller, " Fishermen's Arms," George-street, on the body of Dauiel \loore (a sailor on beard the ship liegal. now in harbour, in Garden Island) who fell from the main top, no SFriday, at 3 o'Clock, '. ?r., on the deck. Dr. tlosking examined the btdy of the deceased, and * deposed, that. his death was caused by an exten sive fracture on the skull. Verdict-Accidetint * death. An inquest was held on Saturday last, at the "Dove Inn," on the Liverpool Road, on the body of William Hassell, formerly a Serjeant in the 28th regiment, lately living with Captain Moore of the same regiment. It was proved that the deceased fell from a loaded dray, the wheel of which ran over his body whereof, it was Dr. Hosking's opinion he died, verdict "accidental death." Loss of LF'e.-The remains of a human botldy -were discovered among the ruins of the Royal -Hotel, by the workmen employed in removing the rubbish, on Friday last. From the lppear ance of the remains, which have not been recog atized, no doubt is entertained of the unfortunate .person having perished in the flames. Eight South Americans, inhabitants of the Patmpey. real Lassoo men, the hunters of ostrit -chrs. &c.;, have arrived in the Colony. These men live on lean beef and water without either salt, bread, biscunit, or esculents. They toe the hardiest riders in the world, but their mode of training would be esteemed by us cruel, and to a tame breed of horses superfluously rough. Na. wertheless we should think that if a few score of thaso men could be got to come out hear, and -hired at £20 a-year, with permission to eat as much beef as they liked, they would make excel lent stock-keepers where horses run wild. The Australian Auction Company, disposed on ,Friday last, 40 head of horned cattle, at their tpaddock, corner cf George and Hunter-streets, at £?6 10s per head. A DISTINCTION not WITHOUT A DIFFAn. lxucts.--The Herald has frequently asserted, :that the Tories were about to take office ; and as frequently it has been denied that they have even the ghost of a chance. A recent number of .the HITroald, where it is said, " atd trtust it is not -far distant when honest men will be in power," would load to the opinion that the Harald had abandoned his ill-founded notion. Of course, the term " honest men" is never intended to .apply to the Tories. The Supreme Court adjourned pro-forma on Friday till the first day of the ensuing term, but will sit this day in order to deliver judgement in the case of Doe dem Howell v. Kennedy and others. . On Friday evening last, a small party of friends met at a respectable gantleman's house, near the Royal Exchange, at 10 A. M. A lady of the party laid a small box. containing some of her property and money, all safe, in an ante-room, but two hours after it was gone. What renders the circumstance strange is, that an exceedingly sharp dog was chained immediately under the window, by which the box had been removed, which dog made no noise. The police were sent for, and have a strong suspicion that the thief is Son the premises. LAw.--J. H. Thomson, who had been con fined for four months in Sydney Jail for an assault, and who, on the fulfilment of his sentence there, had been turned over by Mr. Keck to the Debtors' Prison, in consequence of a capius said to have been issu-d against him by the civil side of the Supreme Court, applied, through 1Mr. Foster, for his discharge, on the ground, that lie 'had not been properly apprehended-the one gaoler merely turning him over to the other, ,without the proper officer either apprehending him, or the proper instruments for his incarcera tion being produced when he was placed in custody as a debtor. The Court examined the papers, and ordered his discharge.- . IaetPOUNDIXO AcT.-The attention of our 'Country readers is particularly requested to the tOth page of this morning's number, in which will -be fcund the last impounding act complete. Sao?iOUs ACCIDENT.-As Messrs. Balcombe and Stuckey were driving over a bridge, a few a.miles on the Sydney side of Cutter's Inn, Stone qsarry, the horse's feet passed. through,one of the yawning clifta of the dilapihdaed bridge, bringing -horse, gig, and riders instantly to the earth. Mr. -Baleombe'a skull was fractured and Mr. Sttirkey severely bruised. Both gentlemen we are happy to say are now out of danger. We hope further accidcnts will be prevented by the immediate repairs of the bridge. A Meeting takes place. this evening, at the Land O'Cakes, for the purpose of forming a Celtic Society. It is expected there will be a full attendatce. Bushrangers.-Extract of a letter, dated Gammon Plains, 27th March, 1840.-As a re- sident of the County of Brisbane, I now feel myself called on in my duty to lay before you a short sketch of the state of our district, arising from the continued scenes of murder and robbery, which are carried on by a well- armed band of bushrangers, going about from station to station committing outrages on all whom they meet or against whom they have an ill-feeling, by which they are reducing the whole district to want. These depredations, I am sorry to say, are committed with confidence, almost in the sight of our police. Who go out when they hear of a robbery; but unless a commanding officer is with them they seem to discharge their duty with that indifference which renders their exertions next to useless, excepting when they know of a large reward being offered for the apprehension of any particular person. It was on the 15th February, that I was called from my home to attend an in- quest on the body of one of Mr. Patrick Lesley's shepherd's who was murdered in this district by one of the gang. The latter are now laying up their winter stores and providing against the cold season by their robberies. The inquest occupied me five days from the duties of my establishment. I was again called on to hold another inquest on the body of one of Mr. H. P. Dutton's servants, who was cooly shot through the head in the hall of Mr. Dutton's dwelling, while defending his master, and family, by one of four armed bushrangers who attacked Mr. Dutton's dwelling on the even- ing of the 24th of March ; again on the evening of the 25th March the same four men visited Mr. Bettington's head sheep station at Liverpool Plains, bailed up the men and attacked the over- seer (a free man), beating him severely on the head with a tomahawk, they then threw him on the fire of the hut, where they kept him until the man was so severely burnt, that it is extremely doubtful whether he will survive. It is generally supposed that Hobson nick-named Oppossum Jack is the leader of these men. This is the fourth murder which has taken place within this district during the year, and still Hobson is at large. Highway robbery and house breaking are almost of daily occurrence with us, and I entreat you to join with the public voice to lay these facts before His Excellency, and demanded that pro- tection and assistance for us which the Executive authority alone can afford. I remain, Sir, Your most obedient servant. In consequence of the above facts having been com munuicated to Ilis Excellency he has given orders for the commander of the Police to proceed to the district immediately, taking .with him all the disposable men under his charge; he has also ordered the magistracy of Brisbane. to swear in all the ticket-of-leave holdersas constables, and has authorised the swearing in of such of the other inhabitants of the district as special constables as may be dee.med proper parties to -intruat with that authority, so that -if -the authorities and inhabitants of the district exert themselves it is probable that the gang will be b ought to punish.- I m:nt. It is well known, that for years in the district referred to, bushrangers have been Ihar boured by the convicts on some of the large establishiments therenlad that some settlers wsill not exert thcmaelvts to provide either horsed or raimons fo)r the police, although uoffred to be paid for the sane. This ought to be chelerfully done in order that they may continuo their search as long as possible; and as bushrangers, when hard pushed do in general mount the best horses they can secure and change these as frequently as they can, it is evideint that relays ought as far as pos sible to be immediately furnished to the pursuers. BATuuntS'.-I-'or some time back nullmlerous robberies and outrages have been committtd in and about this neighbourhood by busthrangers; many of them am: reported to the authorities, that peop:c think it of no use. On Monday. the 23rd iMarch, three arscud sn?s went to a hut aboutt twelve miles from Bathurst; Mr. Gavin Ralston, and Mr. Leighton, endeavoured to capture them ; after exchanging a great many shots, Mr. Halston was slightly weoneded in the hand and the fellows escaped. The puli arrived soon afterwards, and w-ent in pursuit, but without surcess. The police had just before brought in two armned bushrangers fromn Campbell's River, with two persons for har bouring them, A party of nine armed smen were seen on the same day passi:ng from the dire:tion Nludgeeto the Fis River ; they have not been since heard of. Eight men escaped from the Hussau's Walls' Stockade on the 23rd ; they dis armed the sentry who was in charge of thea ; he rescued them, and meeting a gentleman travelling to Sydney borrowed a case of pistols from him, and shot one of the runnaways through the thigh and asnother through the arm, and captured four more. A young man who was formerly a clerk the Bathurst BSnk, was on Friday, committed by the Bench of Magistrates to take his trial for forgery. When in the Bank he possessed himself of a number of the Bank notes, forged the Direo. tors' names, and put them in circulation-his name is J. 11. Ilope.--ierald. 