IRELAA'D. -o A meeting of the " L.oyal Repeal Association" sas huld in thu Corn Exchange. Dublin, on non day, August 10; at which Mr. O'Connell, as usual, took the most jprominent part. The Roman (itholic Bishop of (Galway, Dr. Browne, having Oten, on his motion, admitted a member of the As. erciation, lir. O'Connell proceeded to address the meeting on the subject of the passing of the Irish Corpora. tion Bill. lie should, in the first instance, state that the bill would not come into operation till next )ear. The new and popular Lord Mayor could not to elected till the first of November, 1841 ; and a more disgracefuil trick than that by which this was managed never before stained the characters of per. sons calling themselves statesmen. The bill had one effect at least-it had put an end to the present corporations; that was to say, the corporators were sentenced to deathl, but were allowed "a long day" (laughter). John Thompson, the butcher, and such men, would not get anything by the delay, rxcept the vexation of thinking themselves corpora. orts when they were not so; but such jobbers as Freddy Shaw, and Sir J. K James, would be bene. itted by the " long day," as they would be enabled to wind up matters for their individual aggrandise. ment, not caring one twopenny ticket for the corpo. rtion at large. In fact, the first degrading point of siew in which the bill was to be regarded, was the distinction whichl it made between the aristocracy of the corporation and the humbler members. Every thing was done for the aristocracy of the body. Freddy Shaw was admirably well off; Kingston James was taken care of; but the poorer members of the body, and nine-tenths of the aldermen, were thrown overboard without ceremony. The alderumanic gown was gone-the state and dignity of the oflice hath departed. If the bill had been passed as it was ietroduced into the house of commons by the government, no such distinction as that which he dascribed as existing between the members of the corporation would have prevailed. After explaining the trick by which the house of Irds had delayed the operation of the bill, he said dat during the thirteen months that the people of Dublin had been deprived of their corporate privi kges. The condemned corporation remained a kind of illf.ghost, half-living being, an unworthy mongrel d neither life nor death, doing no good except to jobbers, and insulting the people at large. Would they have dared to have treated the people of Eng Inmd and Scotland thus I But he was glad they had done so, because, if there was an Irishman before the passing of the bill who was base enough to tubmit to such degradation, it would show him that he might not expect any justice from England. They all knew what had been done with respect to Ietitious votes; and it was quite evident that the operation of the bill was postponed in order that the sumber of freemen might be increased. They had done all they could to make as many freemen as they could, but lie would promise them that lihe could have 1000 or 1500 freemen from the min sent they could make them, Many a man told him to expose the fraud of creating fictitious freemen in the house of commons, but he did not let his enemies know what lie was doing. lie had in his own mind the old saying of " what is sauce for the loose is sauce for the gander ;" and he did not dis. tlose his views: he promised the Corporators that a latch of freemen of their (the new Corporation's) naking would turn the scale, if nothing else. would do it, at the elections, lie was thankful to Lord Lyndhurst for his policy towards Ireland, because that which he intended as a defeat was, in fact a riumph. Besides this, there was the prospect of conciliation between parties held out by the length of time before the bill camne into operation. They had two advantages from this bill,--the fist was, the corroboration it gave of his assertion, that no thing approaching to justice could be obtained for Ireland by the.hstpetial Parliament; and the op portunily of conciliating their former opponents. In reference to his desire for conciliation, lie ohb terved-If he had 300 or even 200 of the corporation joining with him in his struggle for repeal, he would carry the measure without doubt. lie offered the sight hand of fellowship to all his political adver saries; and his heart was in Isis hand, or lie would Lot offer it. The corporation had much in their power. lie was balgaining with them for great servires, and it was impossible that the Union could continue if they united cordially with him. lMr. O'Connell conrluded by moving the following tvsolutions; which were calried unannnously " Itesolved. That the bill for the alteration of olunicipal Corporations in Ireland has passed under tirimstances and in a manner the most derogatory and insulting to the people of ireland; a vicious angeruity having been successfully used to render That measure disgusting to all seects and parties, and, tnstead of doing away existing and proved grievances, heconsmig in itself one of the most contemptuouns oppressions that could have been inflicted on a brave, a generous, and a loyal nation. " Resolved. That we do not think it possible to find a single Irishman, of any sect, party, or per sttasipn, who can be so fatuitous or so blind as not to prrceive in the mode of passing, and in the provisions of that bill, the most decisive and conclusive proof that neither the Irish people. nor any portion of the Irish people, can expect any fair, just, or equitable, or dispassionate legislation, from a parliament in fluenced by many of the worst as well as many of the most contemptible enemies of Ireland. l Resolved. 'Tliat with this additional and glaring proof of the impossibility of procuring justice for the Irish people from the imperial legislature, we solemnly, and' in the loved name of our common rountry, once again call upon Irishmen, no matter of what party, sect, or persuasion, to rally together in the sacred name of their fatherland, and to form such a peaceable, legal, and constitutional combi nation, as shall place Ireland once again in the station which she occupied in 1782-that is, under the protection of her resident and domestic legis sture. " Resolved. That we hold out the hand of honest fellowship, and offer the heart of affectionate conci liation, to those who hitherto opposed corporate teform in Ireland; declaring with alli solemnity, but without the prolaneness of an unnecessary oath, that we desire to establish a perfect equality between christians of all persuasions in Ireland; and that we are, and pledge ourselves solemnly that we ever shall be, the decided and active enemies of any ipecies of political superiority or ascendancy by or over any religious persuasion in Ireland." On the motion of Mr. O'Connell, it was also resolved, that thle resolutions be placarded through the streets, and copies of them addressedl to each member of the corporation.-- Mrt. O'Connell next announced the receipts of the past week to be £1i24 4s., and also stated the receipts on tite eight days of meeting to be £675 6s. INDENTED APPItRNTICaS-On Thurs. day morning, a lad named Mark Macgrath, about ftheen'years of ago ,vwas placed at thle bar of, the police office, charged by his master, Mr. lMoflltt, book binder, of Pitt-street, with absconding from hIis ser tice, Ihe being his indented apprentice for thle term of six years from February last. IMr. Moellit staled that thle prisoner had absented himself since thle 10th of this month, and that he found him on board her ilajesty's ship Favourite a day or two ago. Captain Drown asked if Mr. Mlofflt wishled to have him back Ogain, to which Mr. M. replied he did, but as he had other apprentices hie wvishedt him to receive some pnaishment. • The bench then ordered the prisoner to be confined in a solitary cell and fed on bread sad water for seven days, and returned to his master's service. Jacob Williams, the indented apprentice of ,lr. Garland was then placed at the bar on a charge olf absenting hlimself from his master's service for Pour months. T'ile ibdentures of apprenticeship were then put in and it was found that they were filled up in unintelligible English, and were without date. The case was therefore dismissed. CIlltIISTMAS FAT CATTL.---q'he but chers' shops throughout Sydney presented a flue appearance on .Cltristmnas Eve. We. noticed the following:-Rust's largest bullock I cwvt., and (te veal; Bamuell's largest bullock 11 cwt., with lamb and veal of good quality; Cleave's averaged sbout the same; C. Smith's largest bullock 9 ewt., with a supply of good lamb and veal; GI. lhill's largest bullock 10 ct., whlose lamb and vieal also looked extremely well ; Holmes' largest bullock 8) ctl., withl an excellent display of veal and lamb. The wtolule of thle beasts appeared to Ihave been in excellent condition, especially at the latter shop, which were all grass fed. Ie'o I?twe seldom seen a noer sllow of beef in England. Pr9LITBNlss.--Nothing is maore eis isi?mar than natural asid acqsired politeneso. lihe ir?ntcotistlsts in a willing abnegation of self; {the t.cnd i' . compellelhcollecolettio[ of othors..' 