SUPREME COURT.— (Criminal Side.) MONDAY. — Before the Chief Justice. William Curamings was indicted for stealing a mare, the propety of Charles Frederick Warne, at Bathurst, on the 29th December, 1838. The case for the prosecution was, that about eighteen months since, two mares strayed from Mr Warne's run near Bathurst. In the month of January, 1839, the prisoner, who is a man of considerable property, inserted an advertise- ment to the effect that some time before he had lost a mare, and that a mare which he believed to be the same had returned to his farm, but if any one had lost a mare of the same description, they had better apply to him ; and if they could prove it to be theirs, he would give it up ; then followed a description of the mare, which was not correct ; but a few days afterwards he sent a correct description, which was inserted. Mr Warne thinking the mare answered the descrip- tion of his own, sent his servant, who positively identified it. Other witnesses also identified the mare, but none so positively as Mr Warne's servant. Cummings refused to give tbe mare up declaring it to be one that he had purchased from a person named L'Estrange. Mr aBeckett, who addressed the jury for the prisoner, said that he had thirteen witnesses in attendance to prove that the mare was actually the one that Cummings purchased from L' Estrange, but be the mare whose it might, he contended that there was not the slightest evidence of any felonious taking, but on the contrary Cummings' conduct was most praiseworthy. Although no witnesses were called for the prisoner, the Attorney General exercised his right of reply. The Judge summed up very strongly in the prisoner's favour, and the Jury, after an hour's absence, returned a verdict of Guilty — Remanded. Before Mr Justice Willis. Alexander Fenton was indicted for shooting at Cristopher Tiplady, at Nattai, on the 20th July. Chalker's public house, near Berrima, was attacked by three bushrangers ; knowing that there were some soldiers encamped in the neigh- bourhood, Mr Chalker ran to them to give the alarm, and when he was gone, one ot the bush- rangers, the prisoner, went to the kitchen and told Tiplady, the cook, if he did not come out he would shoot him ; Tiplady said "fire and be \------;" the prisoner then went into the house to get the other two men to assist him to open tbe kitchen door; Tiplady followed him, and at the door of the house the prisoner fired a pistol at him ; the pan was so near to his eyes that the flash blinded him for a short time, but luckily, the ball missed him ; the prisoner then levelled and fired a musket at him, and thirty slugs en- tered the wall behind him, but none of them hit him. The alarm that the soldiers were approach- ing was then given, and the bushrangers ran away, taking nothing with them. When called upon for ghis defence, the prisoner said "I don't see that I can say anything." Guilty — To be transported for life. John Williams, a runaway convict, was in- dicted for burglariously entering the dwelling house of Janet Templeton, at Parramatta, on the 6th December, and stealing therefrom sundry articles. Guilty — To be transported for fifteen years. Frederick Stephens was indicted for stealing a watch, the property of Alexander Clagstone, at sea, on the 8th October. The prisoner was a servant on board the Mait- land steamer, and stole a watch which had been entrusted to the steward by a person at Hunter's River. Guilty — To be imprisoned for twelve months, every fourth month in solitary confine- ment. Margaret Connor was indicted for suborning a witness to commit perjury at the Windsor Quarter Sessions. Not guilty. TUESDAY.— Before His Honor the Chief Justice. Richard Norris, John Makepiece, and Dennis Hazlewood, were indicted for stealing a bullock, value £10, the property of Richard Jenkins, at Bcrrima, on the 11th December. The case against the prisoners was very slight. Not Guilty The prisoners were defended by Messrs Foster and Windeyer. James Bryan was indicted for robbing Issac Titterton of one watch, value £50, £140 in money, and sundry articles, at Homebush, on the 30th December. Mr Titterton, a publican at Sydney, had been attending a sale at Homebush; about six o'clock he was returning in company with a Mr Frazer in a gig. On the road they were met by two men armed with two pistols, who stopped the gig saying your money or your lives. One of them got into the gig and robbed Mr Frazer of £102 and a watch, and Mr Titterton of a watch and £143 in money. He positively identified the prisoner. The ruffians behaved very brutally, threatening to cut Mr Titterton's fingers off for the sake of his rings, and although they had taken upwards of £200, and Mr Titterton re- quested them if they had any gentility to give him £1 to pay expences, they refused. A few daya afterwards, Mr Titterton apprehended the prisoner in a public-house in George-street. The prisoner in his defence said he bought the watch of a very respectable looking man whose name be had forgotten, for £7 10s. Guilty— Remanded. Before His Honor Mr Justice Stephen. John Franks, a runaway convict, was indicted for assaulting William Tugley, at Mutmutbilli, on the 15th October, and stealing a Mail bag, the property of Her Majesty's Postmaster Ge- neral. Tugley was employed to convey the mall from Yass to Goulburn. On the day laid on the in- dictment, the prisoner stopped Tugley, and pre- senting a pistol at his head, took his horse and the mail bag away. There was no proof of the property in the mail bag. His Honor left it to the Jury to say whether they had any proof of the bag being the property of the Postmaster General. Tbe Jury returned a verdict of guilty of the robbery, but no proof of whose property the mail bag was. His Honor directed a verdict of not guilty to be entered, and remanded the prisoner on other charges. John Hunt was indicted for the wilful murder of Daniel Macarthy, at Regentville, on the 30th October, by throwing him on the grund and beating him with his hands and feet. A second count charged the murder to have been com- mitted by beating with a blunt instrument. The prisoner said he was deaf, and requested that counsel might be assigned ; at the request of His Honor, Mr Purifoy undertook his de- fence. Guilty — Death. WEDNESDAY. — Before His Honor the Chief Justice. Edward Wholohan, Michael Wholohan, Ann Wholohan, and Francis Darling, were indicted for a misdemeanour. The information recited that heretofore, to wit on the 27th July, at Wollongong, in the Colony of New South Wales, Patrick Plunkett, Esq., being one of the Justices assigned to keep the peace within the said Colony, did in due form make out a warrant of commitment, di- recting the keeper of Sydney Gaol to detain the body of John Doyle, who stood charged with a rape upon the body of one Mary M'Mahon, and the Attorney General informed the Court that the prisoners being wicked and evil disposed persons, knowing the premises, and also that the said Mary M'Mahon was a witness against the said John Doyle, and intended to appear to give evidence against him, that they, contriving and intending, as much as in them lay, to obstruct and prevent the due course of justice, and to pre- vent the said John Doyle from being convicted, and enable him to evade justice and go un- punished, on the 27th of October last, at Wol- longong aforesaid, did conspire, combine, and confederate together to solicit and persuade the said Mary M'Mahon to leave the district of Wol- longong, and remain in another place during the session of the Court in which tbe said Doyle was to have been tried, and in pursuance thereof did promise the said Mary M'Mahon that if she would keep out of the way until the trial was over, she would be rewarded for it, to the mani- fest obstruction of public justice, in contempt of the laws, to the evil example of all others, &c.; &c.; A second count charged that the prisoners in pursuance of the conspiracy, did unlawfully threaten the said Mary M'Mahon, that if she did uot keep out of the way, and refrain from giving evidence against the said John Doyle, she should be abused and ill treated. The third count charged the prisoners generally with con- spiracy to induce the said Mary M Mahon to suppress her evidence against Doyle. The fourth charged the prisoners with knowing that an in- formation for felony was about to be exhibited against John Doyle, and that, in order to prevent his conviction they conspired together to prevent the said Mary M'Mahon from attending as wit- ness against him. Mary M'Mahon, a girl about thirteen years of age, (who is twenty in appearance.) was ravished by a man named Doyle, who was com- mitted to take his trial for the offence. M'Mahon lived with her uncle and aunt a short distance from Wollongong, and the prisoners lived a few rods from the house. After the committal of Doyle the prisoners and others always used to call after M'Mahon, there goes the prosecutor, and they told her that if she went to prosecute Doyle he would be hanged and his ghost would haunt her. The prisoners, who all lived together, enticed M'Mahon into their house, and pur- suaded her to go away saying that Darling would marrv her. Mrs Murphy. M'Mahon's aunt who has had charge of her since she was six months old, took an active part in the prosecu- tion, which excited the ire of the Wholohans, who used to call her a prosecutor, with a number of abusive epithets, and the female prisoner accused her of wanting to make a prosecutor of a poor innccent angel, the angel meaning Mary M'Mahon. Murphy told Wholohan not to allow M'Mahon into her house, but the only reply that she got was that she "wanted to pay for Mary's clothes with Doyle's b ----------- y money." After she had been served with a subpoena, Mary M'Mahon absconded from her aunt's house and went to Campbell Town (the Wholohans accompanying her a mile or two on the road) with Darling, with whom she lived as wife for nearly a month, when Darling gave her some money to come to Sydney, but she arrived too late for the criminal session. When she missed M'Mahon, Murphy went to the house of the prisoners, when Ann Whoholan abused her very much and told her that she had got the girl a good husband, and that she was planted, and could not give evidence against Doyle. Mr Purifoy addressed the Jury for the pri- soners at considerable length, contending that the only person whose conduct was reprehensible was Darling, in not fulfilling his promise to marry the girl, but the conduct of the other pri- soners he argued was commendable, as it was evident their only intention was to get her mar- ried to Darling. The Judge summed up at considerable length, leaving the Jury to say whether the intention of the prisoners was to seduce the girl, or to pre- vent her from giving evidence. The Jury retired for a few minutes, and re- returned a verdict of guilty against all the pri soners. Tbe Judge enquired tbe character of the prisoners. Dr Osborne, a Magistrate in the neighbourhood, said that there never had been any charges against them, but they were not persons of good repute. The prisoners were remanded for sentence. James Bryant, convicted on a previous day of highway robbery, was sentenced to be transported to a penal settlement for life. Before Mr Justice Stephen. William Reid, and Edward Buckingham, were indicted for assaulting Henry Taylor on the high- way, and robbing him of one coat, &c;, at Sydney on the 29th December. The prisoners were soldiers serving sentences in the house of correction. On Christmas day, ten soldiers escaped from the prison and com- mitted a variety of depredations. Among others, the prisoners stopped a man named Taylor near the Albion Brewery, and robbed him of his coat, &c.; Guilty — to be transported for life. Joseph Jackson was indicted for burglariously entering the dwelling- house of William Wood, with intent to steal tbe goods, at King's Plains, on the 17th January, 1839. On the day laid on the indictment, the house of the prosecutor was attacked by a party of bushrangers, who broke in, fired at the prosecu- tor, and five of them successively ravished an elderly female, tbe mother of fifteen children. The prisoner was sworn to as one of the six men who entered the house, but the witnesses spoke of his good conduct in endeavouring to prevent the other men from committing violence, and the woman who was so brutally used said that had it not have been for the prisoner, she was sure her life would have been taken. The other five men were found guilty and executed in August last, but the prisoner was not taken until lately. Guilty— to be transported for fifteen years. John Wood, and Maltby Smith, were indicted for stealing six bottles of wine, tbe property of Johu Bradly, on board the cutter Mermaid, at sea, on the 6th December. Guilty of larceny, but whether at sea or not the Jury had no evidence before them. Remanded. John Roberts was indicted for wounding James Knight with an axe, at Parramatta, on the 27th December, with intent to murder him. Guilty of a common assault — Remanded to Saturday for a certificate as to his sanity. THURSDAY.— Before the Chief Justice. William Cummings, convicted of horse stealing, on a former day, having been placed at the bar, the Attorney General prayed the judgment of the Court. Mr a'Beckett said he had an application to make to the Court, not in the nature of an arrest of judgment, but rather that His Honor would delay judgment altogether, which he would cite several cases to shew the Court had authority to do if His Honor saw that the verdict of the jury ought not to have been returned. In the case of the King v. Gough, 2nd Douglas 797, which was a case of perjury, upon an application for a new trial, made after the time allowed by law, Judge Ruller said that, from the state of the evidence, he must say that the verdict was most extraordinary ; and Lord Mansfield in grant- ing the application said that, if the Court saw that a ver- dict was improper he would postpone judgment for ever. In the King v. Holt, 5 Term Hcports, Lord Kenyan said the Court is always anxious to see justice done, and will take care not to pass judgment an an innocent man. In Tilly's case, in the 2nd Leach, the Court said that, in criminal oases it is never too late to repair what has been done. In the case of the King v. Waddington, in the 1st East, Lord Kenyon said, if upon the review of the case the Court is satisisfied that the prisonerer is uot guilty of any offence, they will not proceed to pass judgment upon him. He (Mr B.) was aware that he could not im- peach tbe verdict of the jury, and therefore he only asked the Court to postpone the judgment in order that the prisoner might have time to lay his case before the Ex- ecutive. To shew how important the matter was to the prisoner, he would read part of an affidavit made by him. The Attorney-General objected to any affidavit made by the prisoner after conviction being read. JSIra-Beckett said that he would suggest that the snm of£I5001sowlngtothe prisoner, which, If judgment Is passed upon him, he will have no means of obtaining. The Attorney.General— Then the Crown will obtain it for him. Mr a'Beckett was then about to speak upon ths nature of the case, when The Attorney-General said he could not allow the verdict of the jury to be impeached; there was no objec- tion made to the way in which tbe case was left to the jury, and the verdict could not be impeached. The Chief Justice said he could not allow the verdict of the constitutional tribuual to be mpeached — the proper mode of proceeding was to apply to the Executive. He (the Judge) would ask the learned counsel what consti- utional authority a Judge has to interfere and postpone judgment after the verdict of a jury ? Mr a'Beckett — What authority is there to compel your Honor to pass judment at any particular time. The Chief Justice— I must perfect the record. What I want you to shew is a case of felony in which the Court interfered— the case you have cited are all misdemeanors, where the Court could if it thought proper grant a new trial. Mr Windeyer said that he thought he could at once shew that the Court has authority to interfere in cases of felony ; but before doing so, he would draw His Honor's attention to the great importance it was to the prisoner that he should have an opportunity of proving his inno- cence before sentence passed — for once the sentence was passed he would be attainted, and no pardon could do away with all the effects of the attainder ; the mischief therefore to him would be irreparable. The case to which he alluded was the King v. Garside, in the second of Adolphus and Ellis. The prisoner had been convicted of murder, but had given information which led to the dis- covery, upon faith of a proclamation, offering a pardon to any persons giving information, except the actual perpetrator; but the jury found that the prisoner was tbe actual perpetrator of the murder, which was endorsed upon the record. In this case, after conviction, the pri- soner was brought up to the Court of King's Bench and pleaded the proclamation, and the Court gave the priso- ner's counsel time to prepare himself, Lord Denham observing, that he saw nothing to prevent, execution being carried into effect. If, therefore, in a case in which the Court said there was no hope for the prisoner, the Court postponed judgment, and exercised its discretion, surely His Honor, with the facts that must be within his know- ledge, would exercise a discretion, and prevent irrepa- rable injury from being done to the prisoncr. In the argument's in the case he had cited, the case of the King v. Thurtell and others was alluded to, in which one of the prisoners, Hunt, having given some information to the magistrates, prayed that trial might be postponed, in order that he might petition for a pardon ; but the Court said "No, the trial must be proceeded with ;" but after the trial, sentence was postponed, and Hunt obtained a conditional pardon. These two cases he (Mr W.) trusted would satisfy His Honor that he had a discretion in the matter; and he would ask what there was in this case that could prevent the prisoner from remaining over until the last day of the session, as is usually done with other prisuners who are remanded ? Would the public justice suffer by the postponement ? It was monstrous to suppose the law, the perfection of reason, can be in such a state, that there is no way of repairing the mischief done by the erroneous verdict of a jury. The Attorney-General objected to the postponement of the sentence, on the ground that the Court had no power in the matter. The only purpose of postponement was to defraud the crown of the £1,500 said to be due to the prisoner. After few words from Mr a'Beckett in reply, the Chief Jucticc said that if there was any paramount reason why he should pass sentence on the prisoner he would at once do so ; the verdict of the Jury having been returned he must regard the prisoner as guilty in the eye of the law. He had not had the advantage of consulting his learned brethren upon the subject, and he would therefore post- pone the sentence until the last day of the session, but in doing so he did not in the least impeach the verdict of the Jury. The trial of Elizabeth Jane White, and Jane White, mother and daughter, who stood charged with infanticide, was postponed until next session in consequence of the absence of Catherine White a material witness, but as they had been in gaol two sessions, His Honor said, as there was no proof that tne prisoners were concerned in keeping the witness out of the way, he could detain them no longer, and ordered them to be discharged, upon the elder prisoner entering into her personal recognizance n £500, and the other in £200. A Bench warrant was issued against Catherine White. Richard Stewart was indicted for forging an order for £60, purporting to be signed by J. Metcalfe of Bathurst, in August last, with intent to defraud George Bushy and others his partners. - Guilty. To be transported for life. Before Mr Justice Willis. Robert Franks was indicted for robbing the Mail bags between Yass and Goulburn. — Guilty. To be transported for Life. Richard Lewis was Indicted for forging a promissory note, purporting to be drawn by Samuel Simpson, at Cockatoo Island, on the 10th October. The prisoner pleaded guilty. His Honor passed sentence of transpor- tation for life upon the prisoner, but said that he should recommend the Governor to commute it to seven years. Ebenezer Landsdowne was indicted for killing Helena Davis, by carelessly driving a dray, and throwing her on the ground, whereby she came to her death. — Not Guilty. John M'Leod and Arthur Finn were indicted for steal- ing sundry articles from the dwelling-house of William Park, near Batburst, on the 21st October, the said Wm Park being therein put in bodily fear. — Guilty. To be transported for fifteen years. Charles Elliott was indicted for stealing from the dwelling-house of William Edwards nt Burrowa, sundry articles, the property of H. C. Walton, and others his partners, the said William Edwards being therein put in bodily fear. — Guilty. To be transported for fifteen years. Court adjourned — Herald. 