Rulers have called the private man the property of the State, meaning generally by the State, themselves and thus the many have been sacrificed to the few and have even believed that this was their higher, destination. These views cannot be too eurnestti/ withstood.—C IIANMNC. F IN our last number, we alluded to the present state of the gaols in this Colony, but, in endeavouring to call the attention of the Government, and the public, to the subject, we omitted to allude, particularly, to the accommodations provided in them, for sick prisoners, who cannot be removed Th? late, or rather the present fever, for it does appear to have abated, excepting in the gaols and hospitals, may have demonstrated the absolute necessity of a sick ward, m each place of confinement,—but, if so, the improvement has not yet been carried out, in the reality. It was, and, perhaps, still is, the,* practice to cause the medicine to be administered to the sufferer by one of the javelin men, and we know an instance where, either by mistake, or in order to make this disagreeable duty as brief as possible, the quantity prepared, and directed to be given at stated periods in twenty-four hours, was poured down the throat of the patient in twelve,—thus shortening in, not only the work of the nurse, but the life of the patient also, who expired shortly after. A strong remonstrance was made by the Coroner, and Jury, on the occasion, nothing like common decency having been shewn the unhappy convict, who died like a dog upon the chain. The Coroner endeavoured to show the necessity for a sick ward, not merely a place of con* finement, but a sick ward, as the term ought to be understood. Has the suggestion been acted upon ?—No. It is talked about, it is true; but so is the end of time, or the coming of another war. If the gaoler happens to be a humane man, and is told that a prisoner in his charge is ill, he may take upon himself to lend him a blanket, until the arrival of the Surgeon, but the sufferer (free or bond, tried or untried, ill or well) must, in any other case, lay upon the hard and bare floor, and in his clothes. In England, prisoners are each allowed a rug and two blankets, and it is not considered necessary there, to treat even the convict other than as a human being. We do not mean to insinuate, that Acre it is the desire of the local authorities to do so, but such minor matters, in the general system of penal discipline, have not hitherto been considered. As another proof of this, what will be thought of an unhappy human being having been allowed to die in irons, twenty-four hours after he had been declared at the last stage of his existence? His body wa6 exposed to the Jury, in irons —and it appeared, in evidence, that the Gaoler considered that he dare not remove them. The Surgeon had given no order, because, in doing so, he would have interfered with the functions of the Sheriff. Had there been a safe sick ward in the gaol, these instances of inhumanity need not have been recorded. We mention them in order to give effect to the picture we are holding up to public observation, here, and elsewhere. We know, that, at Richmond and Oatlands, the gaols have been much improved, but still they are nothing like what they ought to be. As we observed in our last, there can be no classification of the prisoners, and, con sequently, great injustice is done, both to the free, and to the bond. We beg it to be borne in mind, that, when we speak of free men, we do so, without the most distant reference to any former circumstances, or to any previous individual condition. The man who has acquired his freedom, either by servitude, or good conduct, who has passed the boundary of penal law, is a free man, in every sense of the word, and, therefore, as regards his restored rights] he stands before us, as pure as the driven snow. But to return-we desire to see the Gaolers better paid, so as to ensure men of general intelligence in that situation. This is the more necessary in this Colony, because the Visiting Magistrates of gaols are really, in nine cases out of ten, mere nonentities. One of the two is, generally, the Police Magistrate. This clearly ought not to be, although it would certainly be well to associate him with the others, in the performance of the duty. We desire, then to see the Gaolers better paid—the turnkeys, free men and sufficiently remunerated —a classification of the prisoners—and an orderof cleanliness and decency introduced which will tend, rather to elevate, than to lay prostrate, and degrade the human character. We have often thought, that it should be part of the duty of the Inspector of Hospitals' Department, to visit every gaol, and every road-party place of confinement, throughout the Island,—but we now think differently, because we would prefer seeing an Inspector of gaols, one, whose senses of smell, and sight, have not been already destroyed by operating, physically, and surgically, upon his fellow men. An old and experienced naval or military officer, who, bearing in mind that discipline must be observed, would take care, at the roadparties and gaols, that a proper feeling of humanity should not be neutralized by the notion, that, because the prisoner people have forfeited their freedom, that, therefore, no consideration need be shewn, either for their health, or comfort. We have heard some wretched accounts of the sick quarters at some of the roadparties, but, as we doubt not the present fever will excite attention sufficient on the subject, we will touch it as tenderly as possible. The question of the expense of an Inspector of Prisons ought not to be entertained. Useless economy in such matters is as degrading as it is inhuman,— and as both free and bond are subject to the evils pointed out in this and our preceding letter, we may, at least, expect, that the subject of the gaols may attract attention, and with the hope that this will effect a useful reform, wenow turn to another branch of our Colonial prison discipline service. IN our Sydney extracts will be seen a letter from the Colonial Secretary, sanctioning on the part of the Local Government, an increase of pay to the constables. We rejoice at this, and hope that the example will be followed here, so as to enable the Magistrates to ensure the continued services of good, and respectable men. It appears by a statement in the Hobart Town Advertiser of last week, that the application of the Police Magistrates of this Colony, for an increase of pay, has been refused, on the score of " responsibility," that is to say, of course, as usual, on the want of a previously received sanction from home. This is the hoax, so beautifully described by an extract from the Colonial Gaectte, inserted in our last number. His present Excellency Sir John Franklin, appears to have brought those instructions " to the Governors of Colonies" out with him, or at least, he appears to act upon them, as well as most men could, under any circumstances. (Look at the vote in favour of the Mechanics' Institution.) To every question, the ready reply is—this matter must be referred home. " Your application shall be forwarded with the next despatches, and when a reply is received, you will be informed of the result, through the Colonial Secretary's office." By this means, all thought upon the subject is deferred, except merely that amount of consideration which Mr. Anybody, the Private Secretary's Clerk's Assistant, or 6ome other most efficient officer of the Government, can afford to put in shape upon paper, for His Excellency's signature. It is by these references home—and the ready excuse they atiord to timid, and incapable Governors, for doin^ nothing—that the Colonies, ana those who individually inhabit them, are sickened, and disheartened, and many of them ultimately ruined. (Look again, at the Distillery Prohibition question, and so on.) We do not allude to New South Wales, so much as to this Colony, because there, there is a person at the head of the Government, who appears to be more inclined, naturally, although he cannot appear before the public in that character, to cut the 16,000 miles apron-string, than to hold on by it, like a crying baby, looking up for mamma's help and countenance, lor every J trifle. We will consider this claim of the Police occasionally, not because it will do any good here, where their various duties are known, but in order that they may also be understood by a few influential men in the Mother Country, who take an interest in the general affairs of her Colonies. In our opinion, the Police is the worst paid department under the Government, instead of being the very best, as it surely should be in a penal settlement. Some of the junior clerks are remunerated in a manner, or at east at a rate, equal to, or rather less than, the pay of the labourers on the Wharf— I his too, in a department, which ought to be at all points respectable—that ouoht to be, in every way, above temptation. This twopenny-halfpenny system of economy where a just reward for services ought only' to be considered, is very contemptible At Sydney it is said that it is to be carried out even a step farther, by paying the clerks in office only once in every three monthsleaving these poor ghosts of officials toxtefe, and taKe the consequences, or get over head and ears in debt, in the meantime. We do not believe, however, that Sir George Gipps will permit anything of the kind, although we also do not for an instant doubt, that his general instructions from home, to " sheer my sheep," are amply sufficient to authorize his doing this, or anything else in that way, should he think proper. We will endeavour to obtain a list of the salaries of the various grades, and then again return to the subject. In the meantime, we cannot but congratulate our readers, on the contrast between the general safety of person and property in Van Diemen's Land, and in New South Wales. If the reader doubts this, let him look to the Journa! of that Colony, forty of which received by the late arrivals, are now before us. In every one of these, some act of outrage is recorded, which, if read in other parts of the world, will indeed lead to conclusions anything but complimentary to the improved moral condition of the people of the penal settlements. We mean, that it will be considered, if the system of Police was what it ought to be, and if the community generally, were ready to assist in promoting the efficiency of the Government, the good of all, and ofeach other, that such an order of things could not by possibility exist. Unfortunately, however, so ignorant are some people at home, of the localities of these Colonies, that Van Diemen's Land is considered merely a part, and parcel, of Botany Bay—the wonderful and mysterions large gaol of the Mother Country. As aproof of this ignorance, we see the arrival of a Judge thus noticed in a London Journal:— " Arrived His Honor Mr. Justice Burton, from Sydney, New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, &c.; &c.;" Botany Bay was not added, certainly, but it should have been, in order to make the specimen of metropolitan ignorance of our localities, complete. 