THE RUNAWAY CONVICT, CHARLES DOLHUS. "Where I in England now," says Trinculo, in the " Tempest," " and had this fish painted, not a holiday fool there but would give a piece of silver ; there would make a man : any strange beast there makes a man." The ridiculous fuss now making about the runaway convict Charles Dolphus, shows that things have not undergone much change since this was written, An artful defence made by this man on his trial has excited the faculty of wonder in some of our weak minds here, as it could hardly have been excited even by the sight of "a dead Indian;" and the Home office, it seems, is to be petitioned for a remission of the punishment to which he has been sentenced for returning from transportation. So, if a man commit one crime, he may be left quietly to undeigo the appropriate penalty ; but if he commit two, he forthwith becomes a sort of martyr, and is to be begged off by a public intercession. We confess it ap- pears to us one of the most gratuitous fooleries ever thought of. Is it the hadrdship of the man's situation in New South Wales that gives him this claim upon our commisseration ? We suppose Charles Dolphus was no worse off than any other expatriated felon ; and if he deserves liberation for breaking from his confinement what do they deserve who are patiently submitting to it? But we are not aware, whatever culprits may have anticipated, that any penal infliction was ever intended to be pleasant ; and trans- portation, it is well known, is by the law of England the highest degree of punish- ment short of death. We look in vain, however, in the confession of this indivi- dual for any of the remarkable horrors. which he would wish us to believe he had experienced. He talks of the triangles being frequently in use, but he never tells us they were used for nothing. He does not say whether he ever made acquaintance with them himself or not, because everybody would know, if he "had, it could not have been for his good behaviour. He is equally silent, too, as to the reason of his being put into a road gang, after having been an assigned servant. We do, indeed, meet with one: grave item, namely, that the prisoners were called out to work at a very early hour in the morning ! Mr. Dolphus is evidently of the same school as the Birmingham Chartists, who complained to parliament that they were obliged to drink their gruel " without any other condiment than salt." But perhaps it is his love of liberty, and his struggles to attain it, that entitles him to our regard. No doubt every incarcerated depredator feels an immense love of liberty It was the love of liberty, engendering the necessity of some other mode of subsistence than that of honestly working for it, that first took Dolphus out of the country. He loved the liberty of making free with other people's property ; for it happens, alas for senti- ment ! that this man, who now appears to be endued with such fine and lofty feelings, was transported for the vulgar crime of burglary. We do not mean to say that a burglar is associated, in our ideas, with anything but a man of an elevated tone of mind, deserving an ar- rest of public justice in his favour, on, the ground of a successful attempt to escape from confinement, At this rate, Jack Sheppard, the prince of prison- breakers, was the most meritorious of mortals. We believe the statement of this wonderful adventurer to be, in most of its circumstances, a gross lubrication, What would the reader think of a person sleeping on the steps of Islington Market being awakened by the spray of the sea ? This would be about as probable as that Charles Dolphus was awakened in a similar manner while sleeping at the foot of La Perouse's monument, which stands at least half a mile from the shores of Sydney harbour, and nearly twice as far ftom any part, of the sea from which a violent spray could be supposed to arise. But this is moderate, compared with other parts of the story. He swims two or three miles to a ship, where no ship ever, lies more than half a mile from the land. He gets into the ship's hold, and there he remains twelve or fourteen days — he does not know which, but to be within bounds he thinks it was twelve— up to his neck in a cask of water. Certainly when people can be found, and that in no very small numbers, who to use a sailor's phrase, can "hoist this on board," we may well be called the most gullible nation on the face of the earth. The new Munchausen prudently forgets to tell us the name of the ship or the Captain ; and he takes it for granted that none of his sympathising auditors would be at the pains to inquire whether there was ever such a thing known be fore as an open cask of water standing on end in a vessel's hold. From these specimens we may judge of other parts of the narrative.- — Courier. A Yankee Editor. — The following is from the New York Herald, a penny newspaper : — " We published yesterday the principal items of the foreign news, received by the Sheffield, being eight days later than our previous arrivals. Neither the Sun nor Transcript, had a single item on the subject. TlieSun did not even know of its existence. The large papers in Wall-street had also the news ; but as the editors are lazy, indo lent, ignorant, blustering blockheads, one and all, they did not pick out the cream, and serve it out as we did. The Herald alone knows how to dish up the foreign news — or, indeed, domestic events, in a readable style. Every reader — numbering between thirty and forty thousand daily acknowledges . this merit in the management of our paper. We do not, as the Wall-street lazy edi tors do, come down to our office about ten or twelve o'clock — pull out a cigar — take up a pair of scissors— puff and cut— cut and puff for a couple of hours — and then adjourn to Delmonico's to' eat, drink, gourmandize, and blow up our contemporaries. We rise in the morning at five o'clock — write our lead ing editorials, squibs, sketches, &c.; be fore breakfast. From nine to one we reacVall our papers, and original com munications, — the latter being more numerous than those of any other office in New York. From these we pick out facts, thoughts, hints, and incidents, sufficient to make npacolumn of original spicy articles. We also give audience to visiters — gentlemen on business — and some of the loveliest ladies in New York, who call to subscribe — God bless them. At one, we sally out among the gentle men and leafei s of Wall-street, find out the state of the money market — return, finish the next day's paper — close every piece of business requiring thought, senti ment, feeling, or philosophy, before four o'clock. We then dine moderately and temperately— thank Gcd foi his mercies —read our proofs — take in cash and advertisements, which are increasing like smoke, and close the day by goino- to bed always at ten— seldom later! That's the way to conduct a paper with spirit and success." New Patent Gas.— VVc were on Saturday evening admitted to witness an experiment on the new patent gas, at St. George's Workhouse, Mount-street, Berkeley-square The process of ob taining this gas is from the decompo sition of tar, and it has been the subject' of numerous experiments by various parties in this country as well as on the Continent.. Some of the gas comna- mes m the metropolis have expended much time and capital in attempting to obtain gas from their refuse coal tar, and have succeeded in doing so in a chemical point of view, but have given it up as a practical process in consequence of the; expense exceeding that of obtaining gas directly from coal. We are not aware of the peculiar points of difference be tween former experiments and that we witnessed on Saturday. The gas, in this case, is obtained from three retorts, that are'placed vertically on the .fire; into one of these tar is dropped, and said to be decomposed ; into the second water is dropped, and also said to be decomposed, the hydrogen passing off into the third retort, where it is met by the vapour or gaseous matters com in0, from the first or tar retort. What be comes of the oxygen, the other element of water, we emilrl nnt light produced was good, but visibly different from common coal gas. We did not understand that any experiments have been made to determine its com parative illuminating power, or to ob tain data of expense, points which it is most desii able should be determined. Artificial light is a subject of the hio-hest importance, and we shaH be glatl to see the results oi some well arranged plio- tometical experiments to determine the practical value of this process.— Morn ing Chronicle, June 5. Death of Lucien Bonaparte. — The scientific and literary world have to lament the loss of the Prince of Caniiip, who died on the 6th instantfat Viberto' in his 62nd year. A Bilious Attack. — Too much bile in my stomach," as the teakettle'" I said, when hanging over a hot fire. Reclaiming a Drunkard. — Jack had been pressed into the service some fifty, years since, when the Navy list, the very antipodes of the present day, presented such a paucity of names, with so little of professional talent, that a lieutenant, as all may have heard in tacking ship by the formula of Hamilton Moore, the leaf hap pening to blow over to that of another manoeuvre, vociferated through the speaking trumpet, instead of " mainsail haul," the order " let go the anchor." Jack having got rid of his sulks and be come reconciled to his " uncle's" (the cant name- given by seamen to Majesty) navigation, being a smart active young fellow, with, for those days, a good education viz., a smattering of reading, penmanship, arithmetic as far as the Rule of Three, and nautical science to the ex tent of a day's work, was placed on the quarter deck as a midshipman, and subsequently as mate. Jack had hitherto been a sober steady fellow, but becoming controller of the tub, that bane of every nicer mortal than Jack's, and having a liberal purser, he gradually began to " house up his jib," degenerated into a habitual soaker, and, having pas s'ed his examination several years with out, any prospect of ever emerging from a .cockpit, became reckless of his character, was one of six or seven other hopeful youths turned out of the Royal Billy, and finally found his way to the P — ; — In spite of his propensity, Jack managed to get through his duty as a mate of the lower deck, and that, too, with the approbation of the the first lieutenant, who endeavoured to wink at his unfortunate failing. His good-nature moreover, making him a general favorite, all were anxious to serve him and prevent him from committing himself: this, how ever, was no easy task ; while grog was in the way there was no answering for him; every method had been exhausted in endeavouring to wean him from this inclination to suction, but no babe clung with greater pertinacity to the breast of its mother than poor Jack to the bottle. In short " 'twas his larboard and star- boayd." At length his messmates having held a council over his inanimate carcass as it lay mortally extended in the after cockpit, agreed on the following expe. imental effort to reclaim him. Sti ip- ped offall his garments, the ship's tailors were immediately employed in taking them in at the seams. In endeavouring to pull on liis trousers in the morning he was accosted by one of the plotters with, " What the d ails you Jack ? your face is swelled like a pumpkin !" An other " Only look at the size of his arms !" — he takes up his jacket, and finds he could not get it on ; presently comes the doctor's mate with a sage and profes-, sional look, jvho, feeling his pulse, pro nounces him at once to be poisoned, prescribes an emetic, and immediately after a powerful sudorific. Meanwhile the poor patient, and patient enough he was under the discipline, persuaded that he really was in a very bad way from his intemperate habits, permitted himself to be stowed away between the medicine chests, in the cockpit, with every great coat or cloak that could be found, covered over him. While enjoying a sound nap, after exhausting operations of the medi cine, the reefs, were all shaken out of his clothes. On turning out", with the face of a ghost, and a nose the colour , of indigOj he could scarcely . stagger from weakness, and wondered at the reduc tion in liis bulk indicated by the easy resumption of his toggery. The joke had a very salutary effect, and so com pletely had it deluded his imagination, that it was some months before : he was at all aware of it. Managementof Pigs. — The following experiment has been made by a gentle man of Norfolk. Six pigs of nearly equal weight were put to keeping at the same time, and treated the same as to food and litter for seven weeks. Three of them were left to shift for themselves as to cleanliness ; the other three were kept as clean as possible by a man employed for the purpose, with a curry comb and brush. The last consumecl in seven weeks fewer peas by five bushels than the other three, yet weighed more when killed by two stone and lour pounds upon the average — . Wade's British History. Origin of the English Language,— From the anglo-Saxons were derived the names of the most ancient officers amongst us, of the greater part of the divisions of the kingdoms, and of almost all towns and villages. From them also we derive our language ; of which the structure and a majority of the words are Saxon. Of sixty-nine words which make up the Lord's Prayer, only five arc not Saxon origin. Even in our most classical writers, as Milton, Addison, and Johnson, the words of Saxon derivation greatly, predominate. — Wude's History. " Matrimonial Qualifications ." — -A " down easter" advertises for a wife in something like the following manner:— " Any gal what's got a cow, a go'bd feather bed, with comfortable fixings, 500 dollars in hard pewter, one that lias had the measles and understands tend ing children, can find a customer for life by writing a small billetdux, addressed Z, Q,, and stick in a crack of Uncle ! Ebenezer's : barn ; backside jinin the ' hog . pen. — Y 