SYDNEY GAZETTE. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10. 1940. British Politics. Tun late arrivals have put us in possession of a fund of miscellaneous news, but we am sorry to say that we have not received the in Jurniatioii'we most desire, viz., the ignominy Ub dismissal of a worthless and unprincipled Cabinet, Hitherto we luncheon accustomed to speak contemptuously of the talent of our miers; but we begin to perceive that we had farmed an erroneous opinion. "We have been t accustomed to consider that the strength of the Cabinet was, in a great degree, dependent on the success of its Irish policy. here again we discover our error. The present Ministers have developed a system of government unknown to the ancients, and unprecedented in the annals of modern history. They have proved to demonstration when they can maintain their places, receive their pay, bestow their patronage, and waste the public revenue in the face of a decided majority against them in both the Legislative Chambers. Lord Stanley has carried his Irish Registra-; tion Bill most triumphantly into Committee by a majority of eleven ! Will any man, acquainted with the present state of the Irish Constitutions, pretend to deny that Lord Stanley's proposed system of revising the lists of election is not a disfranchising measure ? No ; the Liberal or Papistical journals of Ireland denounce it as such, they honestly confess, that the Hill, if carried, will be tantamount to a disfranchisement of the £10 constituency? "What does this admission amount to- what does it prove? Why, that the present sale constituency is a fraudulent imposition; it proves that the parties who have registered themselves as £10 freeholders, and as £10 householders, have deliberately perjured themselves for Lord Stanley's Bill is framed with no other view than to ascertain that those who claim to enjoy the privileges imparted by the Reform Bill are, in point of fact, duly qualified agreeably to the intent and meaning of the Reform Act, to exercise the rights of Parliamentary electors. The Marquis of Londonderry, in the course of a speech delivered in the House of Lords, very naturally asked Lord Melbourne whether, after experiencing repeated defeats in both Houses, he had any idea of resigning office. To which the noble Viscount returned a Whig answer, " which, being in- interpreted," means an evasive, SHurruNG, JESUITICAL ANSWER to a plain, straightforward question. The abominable and execrable attempt made on the life of the Queen will be turned to account we have no doubt ; the excitement very naturally produced by such an outrage will for a time serve to divert the public mind from matters of State policy. Ministers will have obtained the supplies for the year 1841, and When that material point is gained, prorogation will speedily follow, when Her Majesty's Ministers, secure of their next half year's pay, will get see to their respective seats to enjoy the < sweets of a temporary ," otium sine dignitate." The Archbishop of Dublin presented a pair Konto the House of Lords bearing the signatures, it is said, of thirty clergymen, and of as many laymen, praying the House to give greater latitude to the interpretation of the articles of the Church 'lo parties entering the Ministry of the Established Church, and also to qualify or otherwise amend, or omit certain portions of the liturgy. "Doctor Stanley, Bishop of Norwich, of Political Pamphlet notoriety, seemed to favour the views of the Most Reverend the Archbishop of Dublin. Thank God, the two worthies stood overdone in their glory. Happy and proud should the Clergy of the Church in Ireland feel, that out of several thousand belonging to its Ministry, not more than thirty sergeants could be found to second the views of the Speculative Primate of Ireland. His Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, in open defiance of the Rubric, dis- penses with the use of the Athanasian Creed on the day is appointed in the Rubric, consequently it is no difficult matter to discover which of the xxxix articles he most objects to. The Lord Chancellor for the time-being is said to be the Sovereign's conscience keeper, but we have yet to learn that the Imperial Parliament is possessed of the dispensing power, claimed only by the Pope of Rome, the Devil's Vice gent. If there is anything heterodox contained in the Articles, or in one or more of them, let the Articles be revised by competent Divines, and let the heretical portions be expunged ; but to let the Articles remain as they stand, and to give the license of private interpretation to those who subscribe them, and who solemnly vow that they believe them to be pure and wholesome, -is a proposition perfectly irreconcilable with common sense. No man is compelled to enter the Ministry of the Established Church; consequently those who do enteritis sanctuary to minister in holy things, are bound by the most solemn obligations to examine carefully the terms of the pledge they are expected to give, and to abide by. 'If in after life a Clergyman discovers reasons for objecting to certain portions of the obligations he has incurred by entering the Ministry, let him retire let him quit the Church andjoin himself to the sect he most approves. The Bishop of Norwich, speaking of the Doctrinal Articles, says: "A sentiment had been exp > essed formerly by a Noble Lord in that House, to the effect that 4 our church CONTAINED A CU.VINISriC CREED AND AN ARMENIAN clergy;' but there were those who, on the same evidence, had said, there is armband ISS! ENOUGH TO SATISFY THEM, AND TO ALLOW THE ADMISSION OF CALVINISTIC CLERGY j' ill sat (continued the Bishop of Norwich, the Church is so constituted as to admit of persons of different minds" 2 That the foregoing practically true we will not attempt to deny, however we may regret the circumstance. The terms Auneniqnism and Caloaicistic ought not to apply to the professors of the doctrines of the Established Church, the Church of England is a pure and Apostolic Church, built upon the rock ok AGrs. Its guide and rule of faith, in all things spit itual, is the Book of Revelations Neither Armenius nor John Calvin and aught to do with its formation ; neither does the Church recognise in either of those learned Divines an infallible interpreter of the Divine will. The interpretation given by Calvin to certain doctrinal portions of Holy Writ seem to have squared with the opinions of those who framed the Articles of the Church of England; but the doctrines espoused by Calvin were pro- mulgated by the Saviour, and by His inspired Apostles, and by none more fully, nor more forcibly, than by the great Apostle to the Gen- tiles-he of Tarsus who was a citizen of no mean city-who obtained his secular education at the feet of Gamaliel; but who, as touching his spiritual knowledge, was the pupil of the Holy Ghost. Jil the Creeds, Confessions, Liturgy and Articles of the True Catholic Church, we know no Calvin, no Armenius - but Christ Jesus, and him crucified crucified for our sins risen. for our justification. From our Irish papers, we learn that the Church has at length discovered the truth of an asset tion we once made at a public meeting, held in the Rotunda in Dublin, viz , " thatoutof the pale of the Established Church, the Church had no sincere friend to rely upon." Many at that time, were disposed to think otherwise, but time has proved that we were correct. The Protestant 33 nod of Ulster, has allied itself to the Irish Board of Education. We are happy to say that this circumstance has at length convinced the members of the Church of England, of the folly of holding fellowship with Dissenters of ANY denomination ; the result of the Synod of Ulster's secession has been the formation of a " Church of England Education Society," with every promise of success. Had the Church of England acted thus long since, had her ministers and laity have studied the natural impulses of the human mind, they would have discovered that no solid union, no common feeling of interest can exist, where opposite and conflicting principles are cherished. In the House of Commons, the subject of immigration has undergone an interesting and useful debate. And we have no doubt whatever that ere long, Ministers will see the necessity for organizing a system which will ensure to the newly established colonies of Australia a steady and constant supply of labour This Colony alone, requires at the rate of one thousand per ii month, or twelve thousand per annum, and will do for years to come. The benefits derivable ' from immigration are not confined to the Co- a tonic. The parenteountry gains immeasurably by the deportation of its redundant population. The daily improvement in, and application of machinery to the purposes of trade, cannot fill to diminish the demand upon the labour market and it would seem that the providence of God intends that the advance- ment in scientific knowledge, shall be made subservient to a great and beneficent purpose. That islands and Continents hitherto, either wholly uninhabited, or but thinly peopled, shall become nations of professing Christians. The old countries continuing to supply the new with people and manufactures, receiving in return, the raw material, sustaining as it were a mutual interest, and a proper dependence upon one another. 