STHURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1840. Colonial 3Olititc. 'CANADA CLERGY RESERVES. -AUSTRALIAN CHURCH AND SCHIOOL CORPORATION. S"'THz following is the judgment delivered by Lord ChiefJustice.TINDAL in the House .of Lords, as -reported in The Times. In -remarking on this judgment, one of the morning papers says, that however much \- 'the Bishop of 'Exeter might sneer at the 'single opinion of the Attorney-General of 'England, 'he would find it somewhat more -difficult to oppose the opinions of the Judges of England. We quote this judg ment because it supports the views which we have taken of the subject, and adopting the language of -the London paper we say, that however much -our assertions may have been disputed, we-can now challenge contradiction, supported as we are by the +-Attorney-General and thirteen outof fifteen \- of the Judges of England. My Lords-On the part of her Majesty's judges, I have the honour to represent to your lordshlps that all the judges of England,with the exception of Lord Denman and Lord Abinger, have met together in Sergeants- inn, for the purpose of-taking into consi deration the several questions which your lordships have been pleased to propose to us; and that, after discussion upon the subject, and deliberation, we have agreed, unanimously, upon the answers to be returned to those several questions, as follows: In answer to the first question, we are all of opi nion that the words" A t'rotestant Clergy" in the statute31 Geo. III., c. 31, are large enough to in clude, and that.they do include, other clergy than those of the church of England, and Protestant bishops, priests, and deacons, who have received epis. -copal ordination. For those words, which are first to be met with in the statute 14 Geo. Ill., c. 83, (recited in the act norv under consideration), appear to us, both in their natural force and meaning, and still more from the context of the clauses in which they are found, to be -there used to designate and intend a clergy opposed in doc;rire and discipline to the clergy of the Church of Rome, and rather to aim at the encouragement of the Protestant religion in opposition to the Romish Church, than to point exclusively to the clergy of the \- Church of England. And although the Legislature, in passing the statute 31st Geo. III, appears to have had in its view the establishment of the Church of 'England primarily, and in a more especial and imme. diate manner, as is evident from this, that the only detailed provisions for carrying the object of the act into effect, are confined to the erection and endow ment of parsonages and rectories according to the es. tablishment of the Church of England, the presenting thereto incumbents or ministers of the Church of England, duly ordained• according to the rites of the -said church, and the subjecting of them to all spiritual and ecclesiastical jurisdiction and aut hority, according to the laws and canons of the Church of England, which are lawfully made and received in England, -(sections 38, 39, and 40, of the said act); yet does it •appear to us that the Legislature, by employing the more general and comprehensive term " Protestant clergy" in the same statute, in which they also use the expression ".incumbents or ministers of the Church of England," must be intended to have in -eluded within the former and larger expression other clergy besides those who are comprised within the limits of the latter. And when year lordships desire the judges to state .if any oiher clergy are included, what other ? we answer, that it appears to us that the clergy of the .established church of Scotland do constitute one ?instance of such other Protestant clergy. For by the Act of Union of the two kingdoms of -England and Scotland, it is made a fundamental :article ofsuch Union, that the true Protestant teligion, as then professed within -the kingdom of Scotland, with the worship, discipline, and government of the .?huiib,, snoumoa eerfectuatlly and unalterably secured within the kingdom of a.urloain.- a?. .. . . ... sequent act of the British Legislature, relating :to the jgovernment, laws, and religon of a British colony, acquired by.conquest since the Union, and forming part of the dominions of the British Crown, employs, with reference to that colony, the terms" a Protestant Clergy,"there being no words in the statute which ;iecessarily restrain and limit the meaning of the ex •pression, we think it must be held to include the clergy of the Protestant Church established in Scot -]and; and w'e feelourselves confirmed in this opinion by observing that on several occasions the precise ex \-- -pression is to be found in the sltatute Book, ' the Clergy ofthe Established Churchof Scotland" T'he 48 Gee. III., c. 138. in its very title mentions" the clergy of Scotland. The 50 Geo. II" c. 84," the \-- iights and interests of the clergy of Scotland" are re. peatedlyspokenof; and-in the 5 Geo.IV.c. 72, s 7, a reference will be found to several Acts of Parlia. Inent, which make mention of the " poor clergy of -the established church ofScotland." And although in answering your lordships' ques tion, we specify no other church than the Protestant church of Scotland, we do not thereby intend that besides that chmrch, the ministers of other churches may not be included under the term,'" Protestant Clergy." At the same time, as we do not find on the statute book the acknowledgment by the Legisla. ,ture of any other clergy answering that description; and as we are not furnished by your lordships with .any information as to the docrmne or discipline of any other denominations of'Protestants to which the statute of the 31st Geo, 1I , can by possibility apply, we are unable to specify any other to,your lordships, as falling withii the statute. - My Lords,-In answer to the question secbndly, put to us, we are- all of-opinion that the effect of the forty-first section of the statute is prospective only, and that the power thereby given to the Legislative Council and Assembly of either of the provinces cannot be extended to effect lands which have been already allotted and appropriated under formes grants; for the manifest import of the forty.first sec tion appears to us to be limited to this, namely," the varying or repealing the provisions respecting the allotment and appropriationol lands," and not to com. prehend "the varying or repealing allotments or appropriations which have been alieady made under provisions continued unrepealed and in full force." The provisions, of the Statute of Wills might be varied or t-pealed without effecting the devices of land already made under it. MIly Lords-In answer to the question lastly pro. posed, we all agree in the opinion that the Legislative Council and Assembly of the province of Upper Canada have exceeded their authority in passing the act " to provide for the sale of the Clergy Reserves, and for the distribution of the proceeds thereof,!' in respect of both the enactments specified in your lord. ships' question. As to the enactments " that it should be lawful for the governor, by and with the adv'ce of the Executive Counctl,to sell, alienate, end convey in fee simple, all 'or any of the Clergy R eserves," we have, in answer to the second question, alheady stated our opinion to be- such, as: that it is inconsistent with any such power in the colonial Legislature; and as to the enactment " that lthe prscteds of all past sales of such reserves, which have been or miy be 'invested under the authority of the act of the Imperial Parliament passed in the 7th and 8th George IV. for authorising the" sale of part of the clergy reserves in the province of Upper and Lower Canada, shall be subject to such orders and diree tions as the Governor in Council shall make and establish for investiog in any securities within the province of Upper Canada, the amount now funded in England, together with the proceeds hereafter to be received from the sales of all or any 'of the said reserves," we think such an enactment is in its terms inconsistent with and contradictory to the provisions of the statute of the Imperial 'Parliament 7 and 8 Geo. IV., and therefore void, there being no express authority reserved by that act to the Colonial Legis lature to repeal the provisions of such latter statute. We have quoted these judicial opinions in full, becauseweare desirous to place on Ie cord in our columns a document of such high authority, as a valid reference from which arguments of an important beariig niay be deduced with respect to the standing and relations of ecclesiastical bodies in this co lony, and particularly with respect to the question as to the resumption by the Go vernment of our Australian Reserves-or. as they have been designated, the Church and School Corporation Lands, and as to the appropriation of the proceeds of their sale to public purposes. From 'the tenor of these opinions, as well as from the deliberate sentiments of some Icf the foremost parliamentary authorities expressed in the late debates on the ques tion of the Canadian Clergy Reserves, one thifig is evident; and that is-that the claims of the Church of Scotland to the recognition and support of the State as a Protestant Established Church in the Bri tish colonies, are acknowledged as indis putable, and, in the eye of the law, as co ordinate with those of her sister establish mn.nt, the Church of England. This is precisely the position for which we have been contending, and which the main tainers of the Imperial Supremacy of the Church of England have so tenaciously and arrogantly, but vainly impugned. The ricketty arguments, with which they used to -bolster up their pretensions, are now demolished even by authorities, who might be supposed, if influenced by any prejudice at all on such a question, to be the ablest and most zealous supporters of the constitutional and legitimate rights of the Church of England. The exclusive preten sions of that Church found a sufficiently un compromising and competent advocate in the Bishop of EXETER,who maintained.that the Church of Scotland was only a terito rial establishment, and could only be re cognised as such within the limits of the ancient kingdom of Scotland, while the Church of England was an imperial estab lishment, and had a right to an exclusive supremacy or connexion with the State, in all the colonies or provinces of the Britislh Empire. But the plausible sophistry of this arrogant and ambitious prelate could not blind the acute and liberal minds of the noble laymen who joined issue with him in the debate. "Lord MELBOURNE maintained that the Pro testant clergy included Protestant minis ters of all denominations; and' Lord Er. LENBOROUG!l was quite' convinced,of. the utter hopelessness of attempting to main tain the predominance of the Church of England in the colonies, and regretted tliat the Bishop of Exeter had stirred tlie ques= tion." Whatever doubt may be cast upon the sincerity of the attachment of Lord MEL BOURNEs to the Church of England, none, we are sure, can possibly exist as to that of Lord ELLENBOROUGH, who, all the world knows, is a thorough-paced Tory and High Churchman. In addition, however, to these, we have also the opinion of Lord STANLEY, an authority, we presume, whom the Bishop of Exeter will scarcely reject as adverse to the true interests of the Chuich of England; 'that -Noble Lord has recorded the following sentiments on this question in the House of Commons:-" If any ex celusive privileges be given (observe, he does not admit that they had ever been given beforet) to the Churchof England in Canada, not only will the measure be repugnant to every principle of sound legislation, but contrary to the spirit and intention of the act of 1791. I hope the House will guard Canada against the evils which religious dissentions' have already produced in this country and in Ireland, where we have examples to teach us what to shun. We have seen the evil conseaurntes of this system a~ ???a...c. 'oa forbid we should not profit by experience; and more es pecially in legislating for a people border ing on a country where religious iptolerance and religious exclusions are unknown." Here, then, is the confessed conviction of one of the ablest and warmest champions of Toryism and of the Church; and even he declares that the doctrine of the Imperial supremacy ofthe Church of England, or its: claim to the exclusive standing and privileges of an establishment in the colonies, is alike incompatible with 'ex isting law, and repugnant to every prin cipleof sound legislation. What can the UUI uLIaucaW IiUIitwers U[ epascopac su premacy in this colony, say to. this- the confessed and irresistible. conviction of one of those demigods of their party, whose words are oracles to them, and whose sen timents they venerate as the expositors of their political creed ? He admits, inferen tially. that no legal right . to exclusive privi leges had ever been given tolthe Church of England in Canada ;.and he not only as serts that it would bIe contrary:to the spirit and intention of existent law, but he goes the whole length that ive could wish him to go, 'and maintains that '" if 'any:ixclusive privileges'be given to the Church of Eng land in Canada (and by parity of reason, in this or any other. British Colony), the measure will be repugnant to every princi ple of solind ilegislation." And'what, we would ask, does Lord STANLE#IBean, when: he hopes " that the .House will:guard'Ca-l nada against the evils which'religious dis sentions have already produced in England and in Ireland?' " , There, he says, "we have examples to teach-us'what to shun." The great source.oCf al_ those.evils-both in England and Ireand' to whichlhis: lordship refers, is unquestionably the " exclusive privileges" of'an established Church, .up lield by compulsion;, and foriced, as a most oppressive encutmbrance," upon .a people who dissent from its principles, and cannot conscientiously countenance or enjoy it. This is the example," and these the evils, which Lord STA.NLEY so, earnestly depre cates; and we as earnestly pray, that neither the example nor tlie evils that' result from it, may ever afflict and distract this colony. Efforts,I however, `are being made by the High Church party of this colony to regain, if possible, the lands once granted or reserved to the Church.and School Cor poration of wondrous memory,-and to obtain from Her Majesty's Government an express recognition and, authoritative de claration of the' supremacy and exclusive establishment of the Church of England in these colonies;' The' Magyns Apollo of the party, no less a' personage than Mr. Justice. BURTON, is at present in England, ap parently for no other purpose than to be the bearer of 'their Petition and the advo cate of their claims: In furtherance of this grand object of "his= mission, Mr. BURTON has written a formidable volume, besides sundry very copious and elaborate articles for the periodical Press. We will not in the mean time wait: to dispute, whether it be legitimate or honest; that Mr. Justice BUR TON should absent himself from the onerous and urgent duties of his office as a Judge in a colony like this, While lie sojourns in England as the agent.and agitator of a po litical party, and spends his time, which is the property of the public, in writing books aid' articles in support of principles and claims, incompatible with civil and religious liberty, and inimical to the interests.of the public of this colony? Our only object on this occasion is to inquire, what bearing the opinions of the J udges on the Canadian Reserve Question may: have in reference to the lands of our quondam Church. and School Corporation?.'! . In answer to the second question pro pounded to them, to wit, as to whether the Co!onial' Legislature had power to vary or repeal the:grants of land, set apart as Clergy Reserves, the learned Judges gave it as their opiniion, that " the power given (by the .statute -of the 31st Geo. III.) to the Legislative Council and Assembly of either of the provinces cannot be extended to affect lands: which have been already allotted, and appropriated under former grants ;" and " as to the enactments ' that it should be lawful for the Governor, by and with 'the advice' of the- Executive Council, to sell, alienate, and convey in fee simple, all or any of the Clergy Reserves,' they had already stated their'opinion to be such, as that it is inconsistent with any such. -power- in: the. Colonial Legislature." From this the High. Church. party in' this colony may argue, that it is not competent for the Government in this colony to sell or alienate any of. the lands that. vere granted and conveyed to the Church and School Corporation, prior at least to the dissolution' of the corporate body. Such an inference, however, wve can easily show, is. not warranted by any partial andlogy that' may exist between the two cases. There are very important and essential dif ferences between the two cases, which most materially affect the applicition of the law. The opinions of the Judges with re I gard to the inviolability of the Reserves which.had been granted to the clergy prior to the date of the statute referred to, are founded on the fact, that those reserves were granted under the special authority and provisions of an Act of the Imperial Parliainment; and the opinions, therefore, do nothing more than enunciate a well-known Sprinciple of constitutional law, to wit, that it is not competent for any subordinate or Colonial Legislature to abrogate or contra vene any enactment of the Imperial Parlia ment. Wliether it was comnpeteqt.for the 1 Imperial Parliament to authorise the re sumptiom and sale of those Reserves; and the appropriation of their proceeds to other purposes of public utility, oi not, the learned Judges do not inform us: they Sadmit, however, that by a subsequent Act of the Imperial Parliament, power was given Sto the Legislative Council and Assembly of either of the provinces of Canada" to vary or repeal the provisions respecting the -allotment or appropriation oflands,"-that Spower, however, being limited to a pro 1 spective application, and of non-effect with Sreference to'." allotments or appropriations ) which'had been already made under pro t visions continued unrepealed and. in full Sforce :" and hence, they argue, as an Iillustrative example, " tlhe provisions of the Statute of. Willsmight be varied or repealed Swithout affecting the devices of land already made under'it." ' From this, we say,the High Church party the Government might cease to give the Church and School Corporation any further grants, still it could not competently resume the grants already made, and violate the sacred purposes for which the lands in ques f tion were granted and setapart. Admitting, Sfor the sake of argument, that this position Sof theirs is well-founded in law, so far as Sthe question of abstract right or equity is Sconcerned, the admission, we apprehend, L cannot legally be of any effect towards the attainment of thetr.object of regaining the lands of the quondam. Corporation; for that Corporation is inow defurict,-it eas dissolved by the'fidt; of that power that no representative or executor recognizable in Iaw,-itis precisely in the condition of a de funct proprietor, who has died intestate and without an heir; and as in the one case, the property falls, into Chancery, so in the other, the lands:of the defunct Corpora tion must, ipso facto, revert;to thie Crowni; and become subject to arly rule of appro priation :which'the Home, Governmient or the, Imprial Parliament,inay think proper to prescribe. The law of this question is thus concisely and pointedlysstated by an' able writer on the Origin and Tenure of Church property. " Bodies politic and corporate are civil institutions created by law, and what the law has power to create, it has power to abrogate. Therefore if the legislature, in the exercise of its undoubted right to: dis solve by the law that which was created by. thie law,.should think fit to put an. end :to the corporate capacity of the clergy, their right to the tithes and other profits of-their benefices would necessarily cease. For they could .,not.claim as individuals, that which-they hid'held and enjoyed in their corporate capacity only. Their possessions would revert to the state, from which they had been slerived, to be: disposed of in-the manner best calculated to-promote the wel fare of the nation." This, we are satisfied, is the predicament in which the ghost''of the Church and School Corporation of this colony, or rather the individuals in whose persons the functions of that Institution once resided, are', now :placed. Ezx nihilo nihil fit is- an. - axiom of 'common-sense; and if, in law, the Corporation in question :is an absolute nullity, it follows,: very ob viously; that- that which has no existence can neither have, nor claim, nor acquire, property. Until the ghost of the departed be reinvested with its corporate form and functions; it can never claim or resume pos session of itslands; and as its resurrection depends entirely on the.will of that power which originally- created it and eventually doomed it to:death, we do not think there is much reason to apprehend that a miracle will be - wrought to raise' the rapacious monster from the dead?! . 