A FEW WORDS ON THE PRACTICE OF PERSONS HOLDING SITUATIONS UNDER THE GOVERNMENT BEING PERMITTED TO ENCAGE IN PRI VATE TRADE. The case of Mr. Dawson, the Town Sur veyor, affords one more proof of the impro- priety of the Governor sanctioning the system of trading, now so generally practised by per- sons employed under tbe Government. The practice has been reprobated by this newspaper ever since its establishment; we have denounced the practice as destructive to the best interests of tbe public— interests, that are now disgrace fully neglected, and threatened with an utmost certain destruction. It is not out intention to bestow on the case of Mr. Dawson either a harsh or unnecessary notice; Mr. Dawson has to answer to the laws he has violated. We are not Mr Judge, nor will we presume to offer comment upon his con duct, further than it is necessary for us to show the folly and injustice of permitting persons in the employ of the Government to be associated with trade and farming speculations. We shall, however, assume to ourself the right to censure ; which we do, the attempts made on the part of certain persons to 'griour brother out of trouble.' Suih an attempt was first mooted by the members ofthe relieiaus mertinu-houw. or which Mr. Dmvxnn professed himself to be A suljjlHDtiai prop. Tlie motive plight have originated, as no doubt it did, how ever indiscreetly, from the best intentions— so far it must be appreciated ; but we cannot ad mit the nronrietv of endeavours, however eood the intention of them, that aim at the perver sion of the established laws of the land, and the corruption of the stream of justice. Too often, in this Colony, liu the law been rendered harmless, in its application to a rich or favored culprit, while to the ignorant and poorer one his crimes have been visited with a more than necessary severity. It is already a common saying, that in this Co'ony there is ' one law for the rich ami another for the '-oor.' If Mr. Dawson be guilty, and, if we are correctly informed, he admits his guilt, and the endea- j vours of liis brother; succeed in defeating the ; ends of justice, who then will dare deny the , applicability of the saying, that 'there is one , law for the rich and another for the poor' in j ttm Colony ? If Mr. Dawson be guilty, let him suffer the penalty of his crime; if he be innocent, in God's name let him go unbanned. The cant ing humbug that is circulated by his misguided friends is disgusting, and quite enough to give to every honest man a distaste for the princi pal of the religionists, who would get (tieir brother out of trouble at the price of common honesty. Some suy-feel for his family ! We can do that, in sincerity — feel for bis charac ter : leei iur me rci}£n»us pcr&imsiun.; ai wniui he is a member!— all tliis wci-aci, and sincerely do; but it it possible to believe, that in the course of crime followed by Mr. Dtwaon that he could feel far his wife [ for his six young babes '. for hit church ' for himself '. '. Out upon such cant and humbug. The Mctuodivu do themselves, and the reli gious cati&e; which they profess, much hnrm, by «iic'*pi-i _ lu tmvif wvhim aJJ/ vnv «f».i » covering to hide hit error* from public know ledge. Sooner or later, despite of the flimsey prolcctiua they endeavour (o afford, that which iv attempted tu be blinded from the public eye will become visible, and the disgrace resulting from the deception practised to screen the indi vidual, relucts disgrace upon the body. The past practices of many prufeuionists of religion in this town has been the means of putting all men of character upon their guard in business transactions with them, while the criminal ca lender of this division of the island affords ample proof of the necessity for it. We will spare our broad -brimmed professionists the paint of enumerating catei .' But to the subject of our present writing, which if, that ot clerks end others in the public employ ocing permitted to iraae. It is a fact, that, with very few exceptions indeed, tbe Government Officers in Launccston are traders. Tlic/diMon hat become to uni versal, and lias been carried to suvli tin extent, tliae instance! are within our knowledge of young nidi holding talus with salaries of 6s. and ?s. 6d. per day, renting fat—sand working them. How it is done, with profit to tlicm ? CIWK, \J LllCy UCVUIV IUC11 lllUC «IIU KIKIUIMII to their official duties, is a mastery; fot we find fannen by calling, with all their agricultural knowledge, and with their undivided time and attention devoted to their businesses, that they do but little more tliaa keep tbe wolf from the door— many of them are nut even so fortunate. But it is uttcilj impossible that Government Offittrv can attend to their official duties as they should do, and matte their farms pro fitable to them. It is impossible. The public duty or the farms must lie neglected, and in either case the public interests suffer. On tbe one (tand, the public service suffers by tlie neg lect of the particular duties it is the province of tlie party faithfully to perform; on the other band, finding matters wrong in the farming speculations, he hat recourse lo forgery to keep up his credit and dignity, or, rinding himself irretrievably gone, he t- gures away in the In solvent Court. Since sitting down to write this article, an. other case of forgery is reported to us to have occurred. A young gentleman holding an official appointment — to iiay for a number of cows be purchased, forged an acceptance on a brother Government Officer. We do not wish to damn this young man beyond redemption by publishing the particulars of this second forgery case that has come to light within the (nut few days. He may, elsewhere, retrieve himself — if, after the ettafe he h&s; had, be fails to profit by it, it is his own fault ; he must, however, resign his appointment here. Neither of these two easel would have hap pened had the delinquents been kept to their official duties ; had they been obliged, accord, ing to Colonel Arthur's natire, forbidding per sons in Government service from trading, to peiform the duties for which they were pair' I they would not have been in the cituatiot the now are. The worst, because the moxt barefaced cue of tarm speculating, is that of Messrs. Thomp son and Turner. Mr. Thompson, wbo it Gaoler, and Mr. Turner, Police Clerk, cultivate three farms, comprising a large tract of land; the latter gentleman enjoys the contract for sup plying vegetable! to the public establishments, thus, Hr. Thompson, as co-partner with Mr. Turner, actually is the contractor for the tup ply of vegetables to the establishment over which be presides. Both are, no doulrt, con. scientiout men, and probably furnish vegetables as good and abundant as any person could do unconnected with the R&ot; ; but, it would be rather singular for Mr. Thompson to complain of the quality or quantity of tbe vegetables supplied to the gaol by himself .' VB* !??.»?. V tn nap tuiirer in enumerate the particulars of the trading transactions of many of the nercons rmnloved in the service of the Government in this division of the island. It ii not, however, necessary that we should do so, to prove the inconsistency or injustice ofthe /flinitm. It it evident, and we trust it will be put a stop to ; but we will name one instance of a public wrvaM who does not Iraie. We allude to Mr. Miilgravr. Now, whal it the result of this gentleman's non-trading ? Does the pulilic ever have to wait for Mr. Mulgrave when the discfiBrgc of any public duties os tionpA tn In'm fait far his attendance at hit post ? At a Court of Quarter Sotions, u a Court of Requests, at the Police Office, at an Inquest, it Mr. Mulgrave ever absent ? Is any penon, at Bny time, under the necessity of waiting for Mr. Mulgi»»e ?— No '. Where fore hi* punctuality ? Be is no trader I no private speculator ! Be attends to the public duties be is paid to perform, and general satis faction is the tewilt. And it is a mere matter of common justice that all public servants should be confined strictly to tbe performance of their official duties. We hear it said some times, that such and such a Government Officer it not half paid. Tliit may be the case in many instances, and indeed we know that it »; but that in no argument in favor of permitting private trading! If a public servant u not sufficiently paid, he it at liberty to give up hit appointment ; hut surely, while he retain* it, he should consider that he it bound faithfully to discharge the duties be has voluntarily un dertaken to perform, however insufficiently they nay be requited. What would a merchant think of a clerk in hit employ, who neglected hit duties to perform a butinets for himself? Need we _A? Would not the ncrehant dispense with the,, services of kit clerk that moment he discovered him neg lecting the duties he paid him to perform ? J»o«t certainly oewDuld. lfsucji would be the treatment to a private trafficker in « mer chant's house, why should the practice be sanc tioned in clerki in the employ of llie people U the money vf tlie merchants more valuable than that produced by the industry of » whole community ? Is the money from the merchants iron chctt more sacred tbuu that accumulated iu the treasury cliot ? We will only nii, that to such a pitch has the jobbing; of (Ire public servants arrived in this town, that tlie intermit «f the prinite trader i- very seriously injured, aud that it lias for some time past been in ngitfttiun lo address the authorities in frigUm! upon the subject. To complain to the local authorities is per fectly ridiculous, when they permit the prac tice in dirrfrt opjwsition In a Government notice forbidding it. Thii step, in the absence ol redress Here, it nor tlie more necessary for the protection of the merchant and trader, th»n fur the enforcement of the performance of Ihe duties of the public tervice; nnd we do trust that the interference or His Encclltncy Sir John Franklin in the matter will render future com(/l«i«ts unnecessary, and take away the inducement for dishonest prac tices, either by the means of forgery or any other abomination. The evidence adduced upon the trial of Frappell, llilcy, and D-vi«, the two latter of whom were, found guilty of tlie murder of Mat thew*, cihiliited a proof more damnine in its character of the liahits of the lower classes in th» colony, than all the written records that have ever passrd under our review Nor it authority quite guiltless of the charge of con ducing to bring about such a degraded state of morals, lending ittelf as it does to the discrimi nate licensing of public.ltouses to persons of bouhtful character, or no character *t all. The only consideration seems to be the price of the license, which kirk* the beam against the wale of morality ; and that policy cannot fail to strike our readers as of most incnn&ivient; con sistency, which puts down Distillation in this colony, not «o much, be it reiueinvred, on the ground of the revenue which it imuitin;, as for the sake of the health and the care of the mo rals or the people, hut which, at the tame time, encourages the multiplication of public-houses by the score, to the injury of the fair- trader, and upon no other prttence than the grist which the license brinp to the Treasury mill. The . publican of good repute finds his reward in a rival public-house, wliere every encouragement is affbided to vice, and the servant commended for robbing his murter. It may hap|ien that the amount of revenue derived from the duty upon an.- article is not diminished by lowering that duty ; but -ve never yet heard it main tained, even as a psrodux. that the greater the number of public-houses the less the immorality in a community. It is, as it were, bringing, nni lnA*oA water ttnf KftiYtct (timr for mrii*s* fsl'tf* terious, to drown the man. We live amount a people bound by penal laws, and it should be the care of the legislature to avoid p Iting a premium upon tlicir infraction ; fur wIjhI elfe can we denominate the temptation created by the multiplication of such pesthoures as that which owned Frappell — one of the parties charged with tlie murder— for its proprietor i Here we find that a number of men meet lo. grtbrr, that they drink a quantity of rum with the landlord and hit wife— that Matthews, the murdered man, suspecting he was cheated in toning, makes tome observation, which calls forth a volley of the groKrst language from this ii-appeli, tne principle nowover asscriea in which, is worthy of nute, as evincing t lie stand ard of morality at such placet. Aflcv swearing at the unfortunate man, he savs — ' You lagged a man for a bedstead at T. Y. Lowes, and (jot £5 far it. I don't get my money that way : I get it by thieving : I have been a thief since I ivas thirteen years of brc.' Frum this it is evi dent that he considered thieving not only a legitimate, but a creditable calling, and that it was so regarded by his Budience. After this, this ninmttr in human shape goes on to say — » J could eat your heart. Nuw this is a pro per character to have a licensed public-house, who looks upon thieving as a virtue, ant) would hardly regard murder with pntifive aversion. What protectiun it there for the community while there are such dent allowed to exist ? Can we be surprised that murder stalks abroad ? We shall be answered, that it is the business of the Bench of Magittrales — that hearing nothing against a party, they grant the licenses »s a matter of course. Now it it the duty of the magistrates 'of (hit town to Attend upon the licenting-day, and institute a rigid examination in all cases even where no suspicion attaches. The principle in this town teems to be, not how few, but how many public- houses should lie permitted to exist. The police are a protection to a certain citent, but the less occasion for that protection the better ; and we tee no worse meant towardteffectini; that end than by giving a license to every man whs it ready to pay his £2.5 to the revenue ? Hotrarl Town Courier. Brbid.— We are continually furnished with additional information of what an extent the practice of jobbing in wheat is carried on in this Colony ; and if current reports may be re lied upon, a few ntonied speculators have it in thtir power to starve the whole populating 'hit we are assured will continue to be the case to long »n the local eovernment remains deaf to the remonstrance* ofthe press upon this all-important topic. It is one, in fact, which we are tired of reiterating ; for surely, if the .fMrMnitf nf til* IMSt SMlEOh be HDl Sufficient to arouse the attention of our rul* , Heaven only knows what is. It appears th the ??stuff of life,' instead of a continued .. tease in price, last week wnt made to rist, al cart so say the Hobart Town journals. How long such impositions will continue to be practised, it it not very difficult to »y ; they will doubt lea obtain so long u tbe local government take no steps to obviate them, and that appears to be a consummation at promt nut likely to occur. There it an adage which tayt, that 'constant dropping will wear through stone;' but we know not of wli&t.; materials tome minds mutt be constituted— they appear to be utterly imper vious. We shall take leave of the subject, by again estreating Hit Excellency to seriously consider the matter before it is too late. Thb Mothsb Coomtby — Our contemporary the Cahniat Times staiet, from the receipt of a private letter, that England still continues violently agitated ; in fait, ripe for rebellion, and if only waiting the sound of the bell. The last English journals now in our possession offer nothing particularly corroborative of tliit intel ligence, although there can be no question that some great political convulsion i« nut very far distant. The great agitator, Daniel O'Conntll, appears to have achieved what no doubt he has long had his eye upon, and that is, an immense portion of the government patronage, and most liberally hat he bestowed it upon bit relations and friends. Me appears to have made the most of his 'top.' To AoRtcDLTORisT* — We earnestly invite the attention of all perumt interested in agri cultural pursuits to a beautiful specimen of the celebrated Chevalier Wheat, now lying at the Exchange; Mi. Beckfurd of the West Tamar bat grown about thirty uunhcls of it thitseason, and teems to caucidvr itt superior qualifications over all other at now placed beyond the possibi lity of a doubt. Mr. J. Brown of Cheaptide.Lon don, the original grower, state* in a printed circular (which is also in our possession.) that a (vihei and a ha(f of this wheat it sufficient for towing an acre, and if this be the fact, itt so ventagej mutt be at once apparent lo any one at «tl acquainted with tbe subject. It ii stated to be of « particularly hardy nature, and not liable to either smut or mildew. However, at most of our readers have doubtless beard more or lets of its fame, we 'hill not enlarge upon it further at present, but shall feel Imppy in sub mitting the ?pecitnen furnished to the inspec tion of any gentleman favouring Mi with a call. The circular relating to It may alto be teeu at the bar of the Exchange. ViCClKirtOH ? It u with great pleasure tbat me direct the atttention of our readers to a public notice contained in recently received Port Pliilip |»pert. It has reference to that cruel enemy of Ihe human race, the small pus. We shall nive the nutlet in full, briefly remark ing that the coiiKideration evinced in it for the hrallh of Her alajcMt'tHilvjrctt is highly cre ditable lo thu« with ivhom it oiicinatw:— Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney. VjicciNiTioN ? In order to nvvrt tlie cala mities which must necessarily follow, if the sinall-pox be introduced into the colxny, and lo keep up a |-n-|-er supply of Vxmue I^mph, His Excellency the Governor direct* it Hi Iw notified that children will receive vaccination gratis, if taken to any of the Public Uosnifiilb or Colonial Surgeon*, throughout the colony, every Tuesday, at eleven o'clock in the fore noon. But at the operation itself, without any proof of its having taken effect, would be in Hjflirira! security to tlie public mind. His Ex cellency has been pleased to direct tlmf « charge of one shilling tie deposited for every child vac cinated, which turn will be returned on the presentation of the child on the next vaccina tion day. His Eicellrncy very strongly recom mends to parents and guardians to avail them selves as early at possible of the means thus afforded of taking this nccessaiy and proper precaution with resnect to all children not vac cinated. By Hit Eicellency't command, (Signed) E. Deis Thompson. Tin Attobnev General — From the tnme papers we arc authorised lo Mute, that Edward M'Dmvell, Km), has been appointed to tbe Cliiif Justiceship or the Ionian Islands. We only trust that the report may prune to be cur reil, as we are quite satisfied that the talents nf that grntlemun highly qualify him for the discharge of such important fnneliont, .Mr. Robert Bslx, the commander and owner of the KNouiier Gem, was under (lie ne cessity ul remaining at fxit f lulifi.and sending his vo-kt- 1 on her vnyatc -o answer a charge of iiKbuuil preferred against him at tlie Court -if Quarter Sessions by a drunken custom-nouse officer, who viulinfly deuaudeJ to ..vnUul her. The cause was heard on tlie 29ll) of January when tbe Jury unhesitatingly ac quitted Mr. Bell. Messkb. Smith mn Wuknce, late of this | town, liavc commenced famines at auctioneers at Adelaide. Tlicir first sale, which was of stock, vealiied the following prices :— Cows, willi ralvrs, from £9 to £10 JOs. ; steers, per pair, from £28 to £82 ; working bullocks, £40 per pair. To DBSTRor the Tohmii' Flt ? A corre. spondeut of the Gardner's Gnette stales, that kUcwiuy; woud- aiilies on the plants early in the morning, when there it sufficient dew upon them sii that they will slick, is an effectual protection against the ravages of the fiy, to laug at the ashes remain on the leaf. New Zeiuhd.— A letter which we promised in our last number to insert having reference to the affairs of this interesting island, we forbear IU gtu HI fall IUI tilt. j/ICMUI. wui it^oj'irti iui i«» witli-hulding i- connected with certain circum stances recently come to our knowledge, and which in fact, makes us rather dubious at to tlie correctness of our informant's statement. One thing, however, hat become sufficiently apparent, which it, that the British Govern ment have at length effectually interfered to put a stop to the disgraceful traffic lately at tempted to be curried on by the Jobbing Com pany in l.ondon. Lord Nanuanhy has given full instructions to a gentleman recently ap pointed, to closely investigate the tenure by which Kew Zealand (peculators hold their late purchases; tsnd we must do the Government tbe justice to state, that the interests of the aboriginal natives have been closely studied. Mr. Jims ? By an advertimnent we per ceive tlit this person's creditors are required lo send in their demands, in consequence of the turn which affairs have lately taken, we shall have a few observation to make upon this mutter in our next publication, at also tome, thing additional to say about Mr. Diwsun's transactions, mid of which we have just heard tunic further particulars. THE CONVICT GOODMAN HART.- It is re- ported to us that the sentence recently passed on Goodman Hart, for stealing a Goose, is miti- gated to 12 months, and that he is ordered to pass away the remainder of his term of punish- ment as Assistant Surgeon to a distant road party, to which situation it is said he was re- commended by DR. SECCOMBE. If His Excel- lency the Lieutenant Governor has been im- posed upon by a recommendation to appoint Hart to a medical controul over the unfortun- ate creatures in a road party, we shall take upon ourselves the duty of undeceiving him in our next number. Hart is by profession a crimp! and is as utterly ignorant in matters of medicine as he is destitute of honesty. We call the attention of wine merchants and spirit dealers to Mr. B. Francis's advertisement of his ejtensive tale of spirits, wines, lc, in our columns of to-day, which will take place on Tuesday next. Such a quantit) uft|-iriis, nines, aim, Ac. hot not been offered for public com petition for some time past ? Launeeston Ad vertiser. The price of bread hat fallen nearly twenty fiwa. nar iwnt thit IvocV ? W» fetfY lint lUVIUV that a proportionate reduction hat taken place, either in ivheat or flour. The bakers no doubt, will be able to account far thii sudden fall in the staff of life, last week tlie fuur-oound loaf told for It. 6d. ; thit week tlie price it It. Su. only ? Ibid. ? The miglity empire, France, has been under the humiliating; necessity of recugniiing the independence of the little state I'exai. On the 25th of September last, a treaty of amity, commerce, nud naviguliun between France and the republic of Texas Km tigned by the minister of foreign affaire of France, and by General Henderson, tbe minister plenipotentiary of the republic, wbo was afterwards received by his Majesty. The French under Napoleon, con quered two thirds of tbe civilized world, under the priest-ridden old wonmn Phillippe— the French tue for peace ! from a handful of brave men, whom in the insolence of power they ttrove to crush. — A plan for colonizing Kew Zealand pre sented to the French ministry has commanded itt attention. A company witb » Monsieur Aguado at its bead, it employed in realizing a fund for thit vast enterprise, which it supported by Government. Le Temvo— (Paris Paper, OdoierS.) — The wheat crops in the United States it estimated at from five to ten per cent, above an average. — On the 2!nd January, the Auction Com pany at Sydney, told 18 shares in the Union Bank, £17 10s. paid up, at £6 to £6 10s. premium. — In Sydney, there ii otablwhed twenty public banking, insurance, navigation and other company's, having a capital of tix millions four hundred and eighty-6ve thousand pounds. — Th« ship James M'Jnrqy. from Bombay, bound for Port Glatcow, wot totally wrecked on » reef, in tbe vicinity ofthe Maldive Islands, on tbe night ofthe 19th April last. Most of the crew and passengers saved ibrmtelvei in the boat*. — The Jury List at revised for Sydney for the present yenr, contains the name* of eight hundred and seventy persons, ninety- nine names were struck out by tlie magistrates its ineligible. — A Steam Company to bo «*l!td the '? Mew South Wale* Navigation Company,' hat been recently funned at Sydury. with a capital of ££0,000 in SO «li«re« or JG100D each ; the prin cipal object of the Company it to purchase steam boats to ply between Sydney and Port Philip, and ultimately betweed Svdney and New Zealand. — Anntlier Company has Iwn firmed M Sydney, railed Ibe s- North Shore Steam Uriilge Conipunv,' fur tbe purpnse of roiwinii'tiuj; a Strum Bridge from the Kuril? Shore !» Sydttey. At a public meeting: (sited for the purpose of mitring inlo the needfut »rr»vi)iv'nwnt~the shares were settled at £10 each, and several gentlemen entered their names ox ihorehuldera to a considerable extent. Tbe ship George Fife, arrived at Sydney from Turbermory, landed 176 highland emi grants, not one of whom could ipeak or under stand one word of English. — Tlie RofCTlta arrived at Sydney, and landed a pack of fux hounds. — The ship Nimrod has left Sydney for South America, to procure a cargo of horses for New Zealand. — Tbe ship Planter arrived at Sydney on the 28rd January ftvm Canton, with a full cargo of tea. She reports other vessels loaded at tlint port, and ready to tail for colonial ports. — The bubble colony, says the Sydney He rald of the 29th ultimo, is about burstinir. Mr. Snodgruts intends proceeding to South Australia, fur tlie purpose uf bringing back si targe quantity of stock tvltich lie Wat not able to dispose of at that settlement at any price. Mr. Snod|;rass contemplates taking the cattle to Port Philip, late accounts furnish proof that the bubble is bursting'. — Tbe 61s! anniversary of the Colony was commemorated on tlie SOili January by a re gulta, which did not go of/' so well as it was anticipated it would. — Sir Muuriie OTonnett it about paying Van fiicmru's Laud a visit tn review the unapt there, and inspect military matters generally, at Commander- in Chief. — Tlie Sydney Government line chartered a uliip called the lYeslmimter, of €10 tons, to convey ktnrt* to Ne« Zealand. A TiBBicE ? Mr. Huny, of Boicat, ga thered fmm his own garden a cabbage of the early York kind, the heart of wlu'cn measured esttctlv three yards rnUtld, And served une cow and IS piss for fuod fur three days. ? North- ampton Herald. — During a thunder ftorni ar Leeds, * young woman, the daughter -if a weaver, was struck by (lie, electric fluid whilst nstisting her mother to take in linen from a clothesline. What makes the nrmmKtance peculiarly re markable is, that the lightning; appears tu have entered the younj; woman's |*ersi-n from the ground, and to have passed vpwardi into tbe air, without occasioning the slightest injury to the recipient. A GHOST. That apparitions do nut advayt wander wilh out sufficient cause, it proved in a well attested fact, which we cupy with the indorsement of the Montreal Traiucrttit. Some time ago, at Mrs. ? (a lady of literary taste and rather ttudious Imliils) sat reading in her drawing, room, when the clock on the mantel-piece tti lick twelve. As the last stroke reverbi'i-ted through the apartments, tlte duor was suddenly flung open. In the act of raiting her head lo re prove the intrusion (unrung foej of her servant, her eye rested on the form of her late husband; she screamed and fell senseless on the carpet. Thit brought up such members of the family an bad not yet retired lo rett ; restoratives were administered, and when Mis. — — — — ? bad re gained possession of her suspended faculties and being a woman of strong mind and highly cultivated in intellect, she felt dii|-ased to con. sider the whole distress the had undergone a* the result of certain associations between tbe melanchuly tale she had been iterating and her late tins, operatiitg on a partially deranged sys tem She, huwever, considered -L advisable her maid -hould Kjiose in her chamber, test any return of what she bad determined to ooniiaer ? a nervous affection should distress hciwlf and alarm the family. A nifcht ar so after, feeling stronger and in better tuiritt than she had en joyed fur several months past, Mrs. ? dii. pentid with the presence uf her attendant, re ii»mg attme to her chamber, and went to bar bed a little before ten o'clock. £tactly at the cluck struck twelve, the utut awakened front sleep, and distinctly beheld the apparition tho dad before wen advancing from the table (on which stood her lamp,) till it ttiatd opposite to, and drew aside tlie curtains ol tier bed. A tense of tufl'ucating oppression deprived her of alt pmver to terrain aloud. She describes her very blood as retreating with icy dullness to her heart from every vein.' The countenance of her beloved in life wore not itt benevolent as pect ; the eieft, once beaming with affect no, were now fixed in stern regard on thelren.U.ng half-dissolved licing, who, with the courage of desperation, thus adjured him : ' Charles ! dear Charlet ! why are you come »g»in ?' 'Jessie,' sluivly and solemnly aspirated the thadutvy form, waving in liis hand a siiwll roll of writing paper, ?? Jessie, dear Jessie ! uay my newspaper account, and let me rest, in peace '.' — American paper. 