. BROTHER MERRY; "" Or, the Adventures of an Old Soldier. (Trim Leigh Hunt's London Journal.) This is a story after our own heart, or at least after three parts of our heart for we have a fourth, which is a little more serious than Brother Merry's; but we like him mightily, for he is a personification of animal spirits and their natural goodness and good will, not ?orerscrapuleas, ne grant, because be is not ovorthoughtful, - but honourable, Upon the whole to the reputation of natural impulses, and having as little of all to him as the thinks of any. Nor is any body to suppose that the freedoms taken with some venerable names imply real irreverence? for the story is here seen through a Catholic medium; and Catholics, from their greater familiarity with certain images, take a sort of domestic liberty with them, without means og any diminution of love and respect. Brother Merry sets out with a good deal of jovial Charity ; he has Hope in full measure, and all the Faith in the world consistent with his having no notion that the stars can mean him any ill and this is by no means the smallest or least honouring part of faith. We take the story from a new publication which we are very glad to see, Lays and Le- gends of Various Nations, No. 1, containing " Germany." The close of it reminds us of a ballad we have read of a lawyer, who being, refused entrance into heaven by St. Peter, contrived to throw his hat inside the door; and then, being permitted by the kind saint to go in and fetch it, took advantage of the latter's fixture as doorkeeper, to refuse to come back again. In days of yore there was a great war; and' when the war was at an end, a great number of the soldiers were discharged. Among the rest, Brother Merry received his discharge, and nothing more for all he had done than a very little loaf of soldier's bread and four half- pence in money-and with that he went his way. But St. Peter had seated himself in the road, like a poor beggar man, and when Brother Merry came there, be asked him for charity. Then said the soldier" Dear beggar man, what shall I give you? I have been a soldier, and got my discharge, and with it nothing but a very little loaf of bread and four halfpence, and when that is gone I must beg as well as yourself." Then he divided the loaf into four parts, gave the apostle one, and also one halfpenny. St. Peter thanked hint, and went a little further, and seated himself like another beggar, in the way of the soldier and when he came up, as formerly, asked alms of him. Brother Merry spoke as before, and gave him again another quarter of the loaf, and another halfpenny. St. Peter thanked him, and seated himself in his way for the third time, like another beggar, and again addressed Brother Merry. Brother Merry then gave him the third quarter of the loaf, and the third halfpenny. St. Peter thanked him, and Brother Merry journeyed on and all he had left was one fourth of the road and one halfpenny. So' he went into a tavern, and ate the bread, and spent the halfpenny in beer to drink with it. When he had finished, be journeyed on and St. Peter, in the disguise of a disbanded soldier, met him again, and saluted him? "Good com- rade," said he, " can you give me a morsel of bread, and a halfpenny to get a drop of drink ?" " Where shall I get it?" answered Brother Merry, " I got my discharge, and nothing with it but a loaf and four halfpence. Three begged met me on the road, and I gave each of them a quarter of the loaf and a halfpenny The last part I have just eaten at the tavern, and spent the last halfpenny in drink. Now I am quite empty, and if you also have nothing more, let wa Ro begging together." "No, that will not be necessary just now," said St. Peter, and I understand a little of doctor ing, and therewith will in time obtain as much as I need." "He said Brother Merry, " I know nothing about that so I must go and beg by myself' " Now only come along," said St. Peter, " if I can earn anything, you shall go halves." " That will suit me well enough," said Brother Berry. So they travelled together. "Now they came to a cottage, and heard great lamenting and screaming inside, and when they went in there lay a man sick to the death, as if about to expire, and his wife crying and weep- ing bitterly. " Leave off whining and crying," said St. Peter, 4 I will make the man well again ;" and he took a salve out of his pocket, and cured the man instanly, so that he could stand up, and was quite hearty. The man and his wife in great joy demanded " how can we pay you? what shall we give you ?" But St. Peter would not take anything, and the more they pressed him to do so, the more firmly he declined. But Brother Merry nudged him and said, " take something, take something ; we want it indeed." At last the peasant brought a lamb, and insisted on St. Peter accepting it, but he would not. Then Brother Merry jogged his side, " take it, you foolish fellow, we want it bad enough." Then said St. Peter at last, " well, I'll take the lamb; but I shall not carry it, you must carry it.,' " There's no great hardship in that," cried Brother Merry, " I can easily do it;" and he took it on his shoulders. . After that, they went on till they came to a wood; when Brother Merry found the lamb a heavy load, and being now very hungry, be called to St. Peter, s. hallo I here's a nice place for us to dress and eat the lamb." " With all my heart," said said St. Peter, " but I don't understand anything of cookery, so do you begin, and I will just walk about till it is ready; but mind you don't begin to eat till I return ; I will take care to be back in time." " Go your ways, said Brother Merry; "I can cook it well enough ; I'll soon have it ready." So St. Peter wandered away, while Brother Merry lighted the fire, killed the lamb, put the pieces into the pot, and boiled them. The lamb, however, was thoroughly boiled, and his companion not returned, so Merry took it up, carved it, and found out the heart. That is the best part of it," said he, and kept tasting it till he finished it. At length St. Peter came back, and said, " I only want the heart; all the rest you may have, so you give me that." Then Brother Merry took knife and fork, and turned the lamb as if he would have found the heart, but he could not. At last he said, in a careless manner, . it is not there." " No ! where should it be then' said the Saint. " That I don't know said Merry ; " but now I think of it, what a couple of fools we are to look for the heart of a lamb ! a lamb, you know, has not got a heart " What!"; said St. Peter, " that's news indeed : why every beast has a heart, and why should not the lamb have one as well as thereat?" "No, certainly, comrade, a lamb has no heart: now only reflect, and it will occur to you that it really has not." " Well, it is quite sufficient there is no heart there, so I need none of the lamb ; you may eat it all." " Well, what I can't eat, I'll put in my knapsack," said Brother Merry. Then he ate half, and disposed of the other as he had sat in. Now as they journeyed on St. Peter managed that a great stream should flow right across their path, through which they must ford. " Then," said he, 'to go you first." " No," answered brother Merry, " go you first;" think- ing, if the water were too deep, he would even stay where he was. So St. Peter waded through it, and the water only reached to his knees; but when Brother Merry ventured, the water was much deeper, and he was up to his neck in it. " Help me, comrade V'cried he but the Saint said, " will you confess, then, that you are the lamb's heart." But be still denied it, and the water got still deeper, and reached his mouth. Then said St. Peter again, " will you confess then that you are the lamb's heart?" But he still denied it; St. Peter, however, would not let him be drowned, so helped him out of his danger. New they journeyed on till they came to a kingdom where they heard that the king's daughter lay dangerously ill. " Holloa, brother," said the the soldier, " here's a catch for us; if we can only cure her, we shall be made for ever. But St. Peter was not quick enough for him. *' Como, Brother Heart," said he, " put your best foot forward, that we might yet come in at the right time." But the Saint went still more slowly, though his comrade kept pushing and driving him, till at last they heard that the princess was dead. " This comes of your creeping so," said the soldier. " Now be still," said St. Peter, " for I can do more than make the sick whole, since I can bring the dead to life again." " Now, if that's true," said Merry, " you must at least earn half the kingdom for us by the job." Thereupon they went to the king's palace, where ever) body was in trouble; but St. Peter told the king he would restore his daughter to him. Then they conducted him to where she lay, and he commanded them to let him have a cauldron of water, and when he received it, he ordered them all to go away, and let nobody remain with him but Brother Merry. Then be divided the limbs of the dead princess, and threw them into the water, lighted a fire under the cauldron, and boiled them. And when all the flesh had fallen from the bones, the Saint took the beautiful while bones and laid them on a table, and placed them together according to their natural orders When that was done, he walked before them, and said, " In the name of all things holy, arise, there dead one !" And at the third time the princess arose up, alive, well, and beautiful. Now was the king greatly rejoiced thereat, and said to St. Peter, " Re- quire for thy reward what thou wilt, though it should be half my empire, I will give it you." But he answered, " I desire nothing for what I have done." " OIH thou Jack Fool," thought Brother Merry to himself, then nudged his comrade's side, and said, " Don't be so silly i if you won't have anything, yet I need somewhat." St. Peter, however, would have nothing; yet because the king saw the other would gladly, he commanded the keeper of his treasures to fill his knapsack with gold, at which Brother Merry was right well pleased. Thereupon they went their way till they came into a wood, when the Saint said to his fellow traveller, " Now we will share the gold." " Yes," answered he, " that we can do." Then St. Peter took the gold and divided it into three portions. as Well' thought Brother Merry, " -whit whim but he got in his head now, making three parcels, and on by two of the" But St. Peter said. " Fow I have divided it fairly; one for me, and one for you, and one for him who ate the heart." " Oh, Late that," said the soldier, quickly taking up the gold; As I did I assure you." " How can that he true," said St. Peter, " a lamb has no heart." " Aye, what, brother? What are you thinking of a lamb has no heart? very good J when every beast has, why should that one be without !" " Now, that is very good," said the Saint, " take all the gold to yourself, for I shall remain no more with you, but will go my own way alone." a. As you please, Brother Heart," answered the soldier; " a pleasant journey to you, my hearty," But when St. Peter took another road, his comrade bethought him, .. Well, it is all right that he has marched off, for be is an odd fellow." Now had Brother Merry plenty of money, but he did not know what to do with it, but spent it and gave it away, till, in the course of a little time, he found himself once more pennyless. Then he came into a country where he heard that the king's daughter was dead, " Ah," thought he, " that may turn out well : I will bring her to life again ;" then went he to the king, and offered so to do. Now the king had heard that there was an old soldier, who went about restoring the dead to life, and thought that Brother Merry must be the very man ; yet because he had no confidence in him, he consulted' his council, and they agreed, til at as the princess was certainly deadly might make the at attempt. Then Brother Merry commanded them to bring him a cauldron of water, and when every one had left the room, be separated (he limbs and threw them into the cauldron, and made a fire under it exactly as he had seen St. Peter do, and when the water boiled and the dealt fell from the bones he took them and placed them upon them' on the table, but as he did not know how to arrange them be piled them one upon another. Then he stood before them and cried, " In the name of the Holy' Heaven, their dead arise," and he cried so three times, but still to no purpose. " Stand up, you vixen, stand up or it shall be worse for you." Scarcely had he said this, ere Saint Peter came in at the window, just as before, in the likeness of an old soldier, and said "You im- pious fellow, how can the dead stand up when you have thrown the bones thus one upon another ?" ." Ah, Brother Heart," answered Merry, " I have done it as well as I can." " This time will I help you out of your trouble but this I tell you, when- ever you again undertake anything like this you will repent it moreover, for this, you shall neither ask for nor take the least thing from the king." ' Thereupon St. Peter placed the bones in their proper order, and said three times " In the name of the Holy Trinity, thou dead arise," and the princess stood up, sound and beau I if not as formerly. Then St. Peter immediately went away again out of the window, and Brother Merry was glad that all had turned out so well ; but he was sorely grieved that he might take nothing for it. 3. I should like to know," thought he, " what he had to grumble about what he gives with one hand he takes with the other ; there is no wit in that." Now the king asked him what he would have, but be durst not take any thing ; yet he managed by hints and cunning, that the king should fill his knapsack with money and with that he journeyed forth. But, when he came out, St. Peter was standing before the door, and said, " see what a man you are; have I not forbidden you to take any thing, and yet you have your knapsack filled with gold ?" " How can I help it," answered the soldier, " if they would thrust it in ?" " This I tell you then mind that you do not a second time undertake such a business ; if you do, it will fare badly with you." "Ah, Brother, never fear: now I have money, why should I trouble myself with wash- ing bones?" "Ahlbrand St. Peter, " that will not last a long time; but in order that you in By never tread in a forbidden path, I will bestow upon your knapsack this power, that whenever you wish into it, that shall be there. Fare- well-you will never see me again." ""Adieu," said Brother Lusty, and thought be "I am glad you are gone, you wonderful fellow I am willing enough not to follow you." But he thought not of the wonderful property bestowed upon his knapsack. Brother Mary went off with his gold, which he had very soon spent and squan- dered as before. When he had nothing but fourpence left, he came to a public-house, and thought the money must go ; so he called for three pennyworth of wine and one pennyworth of bread. As he ate and drank there, the flavour of roasting geese tickled his nose. So he peeped and price about, and saw that the landlord had placed two geese in the oven. Then it occurred to him that his comrade had told him, whatever he wished in his knapsack should be there so he determined the geese should be the test of it He went out therefore and stood before the door, and said, " I wish that the two geese which are baking in the oven were in my knapsack," and, when he had said to, be peeped in, and there they were, sure enough. " Ah, ah, that is all right," said be, *. I am a made man," and he went on a little way, took out the geese and began to eat them. As he was thus enjoying himself, there came by two labouring men, who looked with hungry eyes at the one goose which was yet untouched. Now when Brother Merry saw that, be said, "one was quite enough for him." So be called them, gave them the goose, and bade them drink his health. When they had finished, they thanked him, and sent therewith to the public house, called for wine and bread, took out their present and began to get it. When the hostess saw what they were eating, she said to her good man,' '* Those two men are taking a goose, you had better see whether it is not one of ours out of the oven." The host opened the oven, and let it was empty. "Oh, you pack of thieves this is the way you eat geese, is it? pay for them directly, or I will wash you both with green hazel-juice." The men said, we are not thieves an old soldier whom we met on our road made us a present of the goose." " You are not going to hoax me that way : the soldier has been here, but went out of the door like an honest fellows took care of that, you are ! the thieves and you shall pay for the geese." But, as they had no money to spy him with, be took a stick and beat them out of doors. Meanwhile, as Brother Merry journeyed along, he came to a place where there was a noble castle, and not far from it a little public house. Into this he went and asked for a night's lodging, but the landlord said his house was full of guests, and he could not accomodate him.'" I wonder," said Brother Merry, " that the people should all come to you, instead of going to the castle." " They have good reason for what they do, for whoever has attempted to spend the night as the castle, has never come back to say how they were entertained." " If others', have attempted it why shouldn't 1 ?" said Merry's" You had better leave it alone," said his bail, i" you are only thrusting your head into danger."-" No fear of danger," said Brother Merry, only give me the key and plenty of brave eating and drinking." . So the hostess gave him what he asked for, and he went off to the castle, relishes his supper, and when he found himself sleepy, laid himself down on the floor, for there was no bed in the place. Well, he soon went to sleep, but in the night he was awakened by a great noise, and when he aroused himself, behold 1 be saw nine very ugly devils, dancing in a circle which they had made round him " Dance as long as you like." said Brother Merry, " don't come near me." But the devils kept coming nearer and nearer, and almost trod on his face with their misshapen feet. " Be quiet," said he but they began and still worse. At last he got angry, and and crying "Hollo! I'll soon make you quite," he caught hold of the leg of a stool and struck it about him. But nine devils was too much for one soldier, he thereupon cried out, " I wish all the nine devils were in my knapsack," and it was no sooner said than done : there they were so he buckled it close up and threw it into a corner. Then Brother Merry laid himself down and slept till morning, when the landlord and the nobleman to whom the ensued belonged came to see how it had fared with him they were astonished, t and asked, " Did the ghosts, then, do nothing to you !" *' Why not exactly," said Merry ; " but I have got them all nine in my knapsack. You may dwell quietly enough in your castle now. Then the nobleman thanked him, and gave great rewards, and said that he would take care of him all the days of his life. " No," answered he, " I am used to wander and rove about I : I will again set forth." Then he went on till he came to a smithy, and he went in and laid his knapsack on (his anvil, and bade the smith and all his men to hammer away upon it as hard as they could so they did, with their largest hammers, and all their might and the poor devils set up a piteous howling. And when at last they opened the knapsack, there were right of them dead ; but one, which had been sung in a fold of the knapsack, was still alive, and he slept out and ran away to his home below in a twinkling. Alter that, Brother Merry wandered! about the world for a long time; that at List he grew old, and began to think of his latter end. So he went to a hermit, who was held to he a very pious man, and said, "I am tired of rearing, and will now endeavour to go to Heaven." The hermit answered, " there stand two ways- the one broad and pleasant, that leads to Hell ; the other is rough and narrow, and that leads to Heaven." I must be a fool, indeed," thought Brother Merry, " if I go the rough and narrow load." So he went the broad and pleasant way, till he at last came to a great black door, and that was the door of Hell, Brother Merry knocked, and the doorkeeper opened it and when he saw that it was Merry, he was sadly frightened, for who should he be but the ninth devil, who was in the knapsack, and thought himself lucky to have escaped with nothing but a black eye ! So he bolted the door again directly, and ran to the chief of the denis and said, " There is a fellow outside with a snap., sack on his back but pray don't let him in, for, he can get bell into his knapsack by wishing it. He once got me a terrible ugly hammering in it." So they called out to Brother Merry, and told him he must go away, for they should not let him in. " Well, if they will not have me here," thought Merry, " I'll e'en try if I can get a lodging in heaven-some- where or other I must rest." So he turned about and went on till he came to the door of heaven, and there he knocked. St. Peter, who sat close by, had the charge of the entrance, and Brother Merry knew him, and said, "Are you here, old acquaintance ! then things will go better with me." But St. Peter said' "I suppose you want to get into heaven. «' Aye, aye, brother, let me in I must put up somewhere. If they would have taken me into bell, I should not have come hither." " No," said St. Peter; " You don't come in here."-" Well, if you won't let me in, take your dirty knapsack again ; " I'll have nothing that can put me in mind of you," said Merry, carelessly, " Then give it to me," said St. Peter. Then he handed it through the grating into heaven, and St. Peter took it, and hung it up behind his chair. Then," said Brother Merry, " Now I wish I was in my own knapsack," and instantly he was there; and thus being once actually in heaven, St. Peter was obliged to let him stay there. 