Original Correspondence, To the Editor of the Auslralasian Chronicle. LYING WONDERS!! I wish it were possible for every reader to examine the authorities I refer to without such proof any conception they can form ot the impiety and wickedness of lins pro digeous system of imposture must fall short of the reality. " SOUTHEY " " They had wolves instead of sheep for their flock ; and Rome was the Devil's own pasture."- Sr. BEN uti). SIR, Doctors Doyle and Hornihold, eminent di- vines of your Church, draw a distinction be- tween mortal and venial lies ; a distinction which the bungling theologians of the Pro- testant Church appear not at all conversant with, for wherever these divines divined these distinctions, we Protestants can only say we find no such hair-splitting in the word of God ; lhere it is said that the wages of sin is death ; yet Doctor Doyle in his Christian Doctrine has this question : when is a lie mortal ? answer, when it is any great dishonor to God, or no- table prejudice to our neighbour. And Doctor Hornihold, page 301, classes amongst the most common venial sins, such as idle words ; com- ing late to prayers, &c.; Jocose lies, or lies out of excuse. Now, to which of these classes of lies mortal or venial, the visions, revelations, legends, &c.; of the Church of Rome belong; I must leave a discerning public with Doctors Doyle and Homihold's assistance to decide. The ques- tion in itself being so weighty that mortal sins sends a man to Hell; whereas venial ones do not need even the confessional. With these distinctions of guilt in tho Church of Rome we have as it were a fecundity of lying-lying visions, lying revelations, lying miracles, lying relics; and now we must touch upon lying le- gends. These legends are indeed so skillfully drawn up as to please every taste : the heroic, the sensual, the gloomy, the marvellous. Sometimes the Holy Virgin is put in the battle front, with her ally John the Baptist alongside, armed with breast-plate and spear, smiling down the Turks at the siege of Rhodes, thus like a second Pallas or Bellona we have Mary the Mother of Jesus, with her knight John the Baptist (having laid aside his leathern girdle) sword in hand defeating the Great Turk Mahomed. Sec Andrade, 369 ; Funes Chron. del order de St. Juan, quoted. None of the Grecian Gods, says a writer, took so active a part at the seige of Troy as she did in the recovery of Spain from the Moors, (or not being able probably to attend in person, when Zaragoza was surprised in the night, her image stood in the gateway sword in hand and maintained the entrance against them 'till the alarm spread, and the christians hastening to the spot defeated the dismayed unbelievers ; the image was venerated afterwards by the name of St. Señora del Portillo, Andrade 574 P. Paulo Castelleti. But from the heroic we must descend to the sensual ; we must leave the battle- field for citaste nuns, and chaste friars. The Abbess Saro made it her prayer, that she might perpe- tually be so tempted, and always to resist the temptation ; accordingly she continued in it during thirteen years, at the end of a long trial she was only saved by calling on heaven for aid. The devil then being aware that all fur- ther efforts on his part would be ineffectual, made himself visible, and said-vecisti me Sara vecisti ; but Holy Mary made answer to his Satanic Majesty-non ego vici te sed dominicus meus. Moaul. v. c. vii. ; and Sab. x. c. iii. We are told strange stories of the Holy He lias (Zuingei Theati, p. 2255), the Holy Equi- tius (St. Gregories dialogues, book 1), the Holy Methodius, and the Holy Abbot Serenus ; but however fit they may be to be mixed up with the religion of your church, we cannot soil a newspaper with them. No ; they are not only sensual, but obscene; and this, although Mr. Alban Butler has taken some pains to cleanse some of these legends, most of which are in- tended to prove the chastity of holy friars and nuns, but the stories being overdone, prove the ! opposite. One instance will shew the force of I this remark :-A lady of the Portuguese Court was desirous of instruction from one of the friars (Minorite), but this holy man avoided fe- male contamination ; however, one day the lady secured the friar, having met him in a place where he could not escape, upon which he re- quested that she would send for some flax and a lighted taper, which being brought, he get fire I to the flax.-" See lady how the flames spread ; our human frailty is kindled in like manner by conversation with women, and therefore I fly from them ;" and so he turned his back and hastened away. So far so true, perhaps ; but the story does not end here : oh, no ! this would not answer the church ; therefore it is added, when this friar died nt Alonquer, St. Antonio, who was then performing mass in the Convent of Santa Cruz at Combria, saw his soul pass clean through purgatory like a bird upon the wing unsinged, and ascend gloriously into Paradise-(Les Chroniques des Freres Mincms). Here, reader, is the drift of these lying le- gends-to uphold the purity of celibacy. The touch of womanhood, like the touch of a dead body to the Jew, make these men unclean. But for the glaring and the marvellous.-^St. Fursey's sanctity, says a writer, began like Tristram Shandy's misfortunes - before his birth ; for his mother being -sentenced to be burnt alive by her father's command, the babel' in the womb declared with aloud voice-"Thatr it was unbecoming of any person in authority f ' to deliver his daughter to the flames ! ! ! but the father, in spite of this supernatural admonition, persisted in his determination ; the mother, in ngony for her unborn babe, put up prayers for deliverance ; 'her tears moistened the spot, and behold a spring gushed forth and extinguished the three fires. Such wonderful events con- nected with this Saint's preservation, «ill, no doubt, prepare the minds of our readers for after events ; and BO we are told that the twin children of St. Brcndius having died in their youth mid the unconverted Irish being for love about skto cat them, to eave this abomination their friends shipped them off to St. Brandon for itilernipntj the vessel, hört ever, was cap* luted, and the bodies were laid during the night. be/ore tho cell of Si. Fnrsey, «ho prayed for their restoration, which was granted; after which they became anxion* to return home, and implored tho Saint to find them it conveyance ; the Saint having a ruler in his hand, cast it into tho sea, commanding it to shew them the way ; away went the niler and the brother anti sister (faster than steam) following on foot (having more faith than Peter). Crowds Hooked to the shoie to witness the sight, whose astoniMiment was heightened when thuy siw the* dead íestored to life. The ruler «a- taken up and deposited in the church,! theiv to he pre- served and veneiated in honor of G ni and ¡M Purley. Now one would have thought no more honor coul 1 have been paid this man, but Bede, wini relates tho above story, further adds a long account of his wonders and visions after his death, for his body becoming a subject of dis- pute (stinking as it was), miiacle's were-per- formed to determine to «horn it should belong. Here then we have another use of legends to exalt the poner of the clergy, to "make them more than men-demi-gods in ^the eyer of tho ignorant and superstitious : let any one classify these miracles, visions, legends, &c;, and lie will soon 6ce their design. Some exalt tho sanctity of the church and < lergy ; some exalt the poner; some work upon the fears; some excite the hopes; some cause a superstitious délit ium approaching to fanaticism, &c.; &c.; ; so that the human mind under the hands of the chut ch is like a musical instrument under the> hands of an artist, the priesthood know what string to touch-what key to move-bow to» lead m some instances-how to drive in others how to threaten-how to cajole. Long ago the remark was made that when any new doctrine was to be established in your ' church, any fresh device of man's invention to be added to the corruptions of Christianity, - signs and wonders in abundance were produced to give it credence. If the past samples do not prove the forco of this saying, I can 'assuro my readers I have a large store still ready at hand untouched, such as the legend of acertaia Prince William of Bergundy, who, having deprived some Convents of their estates, the Holy Virgin comp'aincd of this William tô- lier son, and shortly afterwards he, his wife,. and childi en were thrown down a precipice, Audi ade, 544, Asarius 1, vii, c. vii. Also, til» Bavarian Prince Arnold, for a bko-offenee, was can ¡ed off ,by the devil bodily in broad, daylight, and dropped into a lake* before his own castle, in sight of a great multitude of people, but Lit. body never could be found. (lb. Tiithemins quoted.) Indeed the virgin and the devil appear to have a good deal to do with each other, for we find her, a^ain employ* ing his dark majesty in taking a Genevan pieacher, who was holding'fortlragainst her, out of the pulpit, and carrying him away through the air body and sou! to hell -lb. d23. ' Ireland, the land of Popery, is pretty fertile in these lying legends, which just answer for au ignorant and superstitious people ; thus wo arc told of St. John's Well, in the county of Meath, that one Mr. Warren, the proprietor of the land, went on a pilgrimage to the Uiver Jordan, and as he was washing himself in tho watet his staff dropped into it, it was conveyed through a subterraneous passage to this well and cast up by the ebulition of the wator, and brought to Mrs. Warren, who recognized and found an inscription on it elating the great bene« fit that would be derived by going a pilgrimago to the well upon St. John the Baptist's day, with St. Furbey'b ruleraud Warren's staff, how expediliously and cheaply may rwe travel through the bon ela of the earth or over tho high seas. I must bring this letter to a tlose with con- fessions (for you know mother church dearly loves the confessional box, whereby she secures ' offerings fiom the pockets and p»wer over tho, consciences of her people), of two of your own communion-" there is also, another error (your infallibility does not then preservo your people from error) not unfrequent that the com- mon people neglecting in a manner the ancient and known saint's worship more ardently the new and unknown of whose holiness we have ! but little assurance, and of whom we know some only by revelations so that is justly doubted of several that they never existed at all. Capand Consult, p. 971. Here are errors and doubts after all your apostolic succession and boasted infallibility, and so it happened that St Viar or St. Viaiius, who was worshipped,for many ages proved to be a heathen mender of high' ways, thb learned priests of those days having mis- taken the Roman inscription Viar um or over- seer of high ways, for the name of a saint. This woeful mistake having been discovered by llcssendius Cardinal Alphonsus, a Bishop of Evora, ordered the place to be shut up, to tho great discomfort of all the faithful, who wera pained in their loins, and the carcass once so precious now became vile-M'Culloch Lop* Cond, p. 345. What shall we say to these things that they aro of God or the devil, that they are truth or old wives' fables, that they are the dreams of lunatics or the genuine inspirations of the Holy Ghost. Such priestcraft-such ribaldry-such playacting buffoonery-such blasphemy, and this is religion, and so is Hindooism. Cuper quotes Benedict XIII as saying be- fore he was raised to the Popedom, .* that all things in the Breviary are not true."-*4 Nee enim Ecchsia ipsa qua its ulitur inconctipa infallibalisque veritatis judicat qiicecumquo Breveariis suis sunt inserta, cuni multotic* provanis temporibus varia. Ex occasion* ea mutaverit correxitque. Quay otnnia argumento bunt. Brevarix non ii li es putanda esse ab otnni histórica aberationc libera sed mangná piar uni- que spongiâ egere, licet illa in swim usumusur pet Jwclesia" (Acet. 88, Aug. 1.1,428.) And what must we think of the moral sense of your church, which compels priests to read and in- struct the people in legends which they know to be fabulous, to be lies. O how mean and despicable is the trickery of Popery 1 In the Church of the Pantheon, says. Lady Morgan, the Virgin Mary (at Christmas festive) was crowned with gilt paper, and decked with glass beads, and on the same day in Santa Maria Novella, we beheld the Cial^ blackface (alluding to a particular image of the virgin which is a blackey) set of with ra- bies and sapphires which glittered on her dus. key visage like a rich jewel in an Ethiopian's ear-the black lady appears to, be-the favorite ; we must give her history some day* But black or whi e it matters not, so tlje pçople, arejyept in bondage ; their imaginations " with shows, pageants, miracle plays, and myèteries," and'so Moore in his Fudge Family, in 1817, in allu- sion io the pliys in Paris- ' » What folly , , , To say that the Frenuii are nut pious, dear Dolly, When here one beholds, 80 correctly and rightly, '1 he Testament turned into meló-dramas nightly, And doubtless so fond the) Vc of «criptural facts, They will soon get the Pentateuch up in five acts. Here Daniel,"in pantomime, bills bold defiance, 'I o Nebuchaneuar, and ull his stuffed lions." But what say the priests'to this ?-'"Sir, ye h now by this craft; we have dar ¡wealth." WICKLIFFE. Mooro adds in a note that in this"* Daniel on la^Fosse aux Lions," Jehovah himself is made to appear. A play-bill in my next-also, interpolations, expurgations, emandations, forgeries, and other like proof of the apostolic "character of the Chuich of Rome, ns described by Paul in his Epistle to the Thcssns. Read in last letter for " guille," girdle ; for " Tadre," Fadre ; for *". liver," Kiver, and a few more typographical errors, which Papists are fond of magnifying, when they have no better defence. " 