EXTRACTS. HINDOO SUPERSTITIONS. Gungoutri is the source of the river Ganges, accounted sacred by the Hindoos., or rather the place nearest to its source, which is in the midst of impassable moun tains covered with snow. The Hindoos, . who worship this river, cousider Gungoutri a very sacred place, and a pilgrimage to it highly meritorious. And, indeed, if difficulty alone could render an action virtuous, the journey would be so in a high degree ; for the difficulty, and even dangers of the passage through a moun tainous country, destitute of all regular road?, and where the rude bridges set up : by the natives are frequently washed away - bv sudden torrents, leaving frightiul chs sms to be crossed as the traveller best may, 'are more than we can easily imagine. Captain Skinner, an English officer, has taken this journey, and the following passages give an account of some of the horrors of the Hindoo shrine. " A river as wide as the Thames at Windsor, flowing over an uninterrupted bed, higher than the crater of Mount Etna (for Gungoutri is nearly 13,000 feet above the level of the sea), would he an .. interesting object, if it had no other claim upon the mind: hut the traveller must feel almost disposed to overlook that, in the extraordinary scenes of superstition that he is destined to witness acted on it. " Here every extravagance that the weakness of the human race can be guilty of, seems to be concentrated : some, who have been wandering for mouths to fill their phials at the stream, overcome by the presence of the object of their worship, lie prostrate on the hanks; others up to their waists in the water, performing, with the most unfeigned abstraction, all the manoeuvres of a Hindoo worship. Under the auspices of Brahmins, groups were sitting on the bank, kneading up balls of sand, with holy grass twisted round their fingers, intended as offerings to the Ganges for the propitiation of their fathers' souls, which when readv they drop into the stream with the most pro found and religious gravity. " Such faith is placed in its power of pe forming miracles, that many haunt it for the most ridiculous purposes, con vinced that what they ask will be accorded. At this moment a fanatic is up to his middle in the river, praying it to bestow on him the gift of prophecy : he has travelled from a village above Siiinagur, never doubting that the Ganges will re ward him for his journey. He will return, he says, a prophet to hi; native hill, where all will flock to him to have their fortunes told, and he will soon grow rich. " As I approached the holy shrine, a troop of pal-id spectres glided through the woods before me, and vanished like the images in Banquo's glass. I thought I had reached supernatural regions indeed, till a few move yards brought me to a train of naked faquirs, whitened all over with ashes; a rope was coiled round their waists, and their hair hung down to their shoulders twisted like serpents; their hands close to their sides, they glided along with measured steps, repeating con stantly in a hollow tone, 'Ram! Ram! Ram ! a Hindoo word for the Deity. If it required any thing to add to the wildness cf the scene, these unearthly beings were admirably adapted for it. A person little disposed to believe in ghost stories, would start at beholding one of these inhuman figures rise suddenly before him ; and, if one were seen perched upon, the brow of a precipice in the glimmering of the moon, with an arm raised above the head in capable of motion, ar.d the nails hanging in long strings from the back of the clenched hand, would doubt if indeed it could .be an earthly vision. If the sight of such an apparition could give rise to fear, the deep sepulchral voice with which the words' 'Ram! Ram!" fell upon the stillness of the night, and resounded from the rocks around, would complete the scene of terror. " At Gungoutri there are many sheds erected for the shelter of pilgrims; and as the evening was far advanced, and a storm was brewing, I went into one of them. It was a long narrow building, and the further end was so wrapped in darkness, that 1 had been some moments in it before I perceived any thing. I was attracted by a low sullen murmur, and went to the spot whence it proceeded. A miserable wretch had just blown a few sticks into a flame ; and, as the light burst upon his countenance, I unconsciously receded, and had to summon all my forti tude to return to him again. His eyes started from his head, and his bones were visible through his skin : his teeth chat tered, and bis whole frame shook with cold ; and I never saw . hair longer or more twisted than his was. I spoke to him, but in vain, he did not even deign to look at me, and made no motion, but to blow the embers into a fresh blaze ; the fitful glare of which, falling on his skele ton form, made me almost think I had descended into the tomb. I found. he had come for the purpose of ending his life, by starvation, at Gungoutri. Mauy fa quirs have attempted this death, and have lingered for several days on the banks of the' river without food. The Brahmin, however, assures me that no one can die in so . holy a place ; and, to preserve its character, the inhabitants of the neigh bouring villages take care lliey shall not; and bear them by force away and feed them, or at any rate give them the liberty to die elsewhere." " A small temple' marks the sacred sou:ce of the river (Ganges) ; and, im mediately opposite, is the orthodox spot for bathing in, "and filling the phials, which, when ready, receive the stamp of authenticity from the seal of the Brahmin, who wears it as a ring upon his finger : it bears the following inscription engraved upon it—'. The water of the Bhagiratbi. Gungoutri.' Without such mark, the water would not be deemed holy by the pur chasers in the plains. " I was not able to witness the mystery of their worship, for they protested against my passing beyond the porch of the temple. The sauctum seemed close aud unpromising, and I had no desire to pollute it by mv touch. " The comfort my followers obtained, with the advantage they hoped to reap, ; by their prayers and ablutions at Gun goutri, put them in such good spirits, that ; thev.'wculd have followed me to the shores of Kedar Nath. The mention of that place of suffering. is enough to make the coldest Christian shudder. A melancholy delusion leads the. naked, and frequently innocent Hindoo, to brave the severest: torture that the frame of man can possibly be subjected to, with a fortitude that would place him ina rank with the most illus trious cf martvrs, were it exercised in a rood cause. They wander for miles, with almost a light spirit,— overcoming, hard ships at every step, that might entitle them to be canonized, — to crown their labours, and to close their days in hunger and in cold, that early mortifies their limbs! Crowds have passed from Gun goutri to that mountain (the journey is about four days), and have never more been heard of. Some have been known to repent when yet near enough to return, and to have perished from their tortures beneath a jutting rock, their extremities withered, .and their pains increased by the contempt and execration of all who pass them, and the yet keener stings of their consciences, which upbraid them with want of faith, and prospect of damnation ! They have an idea that none can find the path to return by, unless rejected by Heaven. 4 A very great crime,' said my Brahmin guide, ' will induce them to en counter this death.— ' What crime do you consider sufficient to need such an atone ment ?' I asked. ' Killing a Brahmin or a cow,' was his immediate answer. A strange association ; but they are both held in equal veneration; and not un- frequently the cow is most deserving of it of the two. She does not, at any rate, =eek to have such a doctrine believed. " It does not follow that a full pardon is accorded to the self- devoted victim. They imagine that the elect are permitted to reach a high peak called Brigoo, from which tliey throw themselves down to a bottomless abyss, across which a sharp stone, projecting from the mountains, passes : should they fall astride upon it, and be equally divided, they are forgiven : other modes of being cut imply a slight punishment. As the frost soon seizes on them, none who have reached any distance in the snow ever return : thence the belief that there is no road back for the accepted. Those who tremble on the verge, nerish. as I have said, should thev escane being stoned to death by the nearest villagers, who believe such sinful beings would bring curses on them." "In our progress towards Benares, we kept close to the east bank of the river ; and, when distant from it two or three hours, had an amusing variety of travellers towards the sacred city, to enliven the route. The road on the shore appeared so crowded, that I imagined some fair was to he held ; but I learned that this was not the case, and the concourse was by. no means unusual. There were even whole families ; there was a father carrying two baskets, balanced across his shoulder on a pole ; his cooking- pots and meal in one, while, in the other, ' nestled curious there an infant lay.' The little thing sat as comfortably as possible, covered up to its chin in clothes, and turning its black head about iu the most independent manner. If I had not seen this soft of travelling- cradle before, I should have taken, its in mate for one of a litter of puppies, with its muzzle poked out of its bed. The mother followed, with a bundle upon her head, and a child upon her hip ; while two or three other little tilings trotted away by her side. " Among other adventurers to the city, was a snake-charmer, who took advantage of a pause in my passage, to sit down on the bank and' pipe to his pupils, who reared . their crests, and appeared to take real de light sin the music. He had two, which he took from, a bag, and handled with the most perfect indifference. They seemed to be equally careless about his touch, and occasionally wound round his arms and his neck with great familiarity. " The approach to a fair or "a" horse race, in our own country/cannot afford greater variety or interest than an every day assemblage in the neighbourhood of Benares, if these be the common objects, as_ I. am, assured they are. I saw also several of the pilgrims, with whose errand I became so well acquainted at Gungoutri, carrying vessels of that water into the city ; they were slung over ibeir shoulders in little baskets ; among the crowd was one man with his arm fixed above his head, and his fist clenched, the nails of his fingers grown through, and hanging in strips down the back of his hand. " So large a town (for Benares contains nearly 600,000 people) must form a grand object from the river ; and where all, or the greater part of the inhabitants, are engaged in the cleanly rite of bathing in the sacred stream, the spectacle is beyond belief beautiful. Soon after daylight, the daily ceremony begins ; and, until the sun grows warm, the crowds at the river, with the parties drawing towards it or return ing from it, fill the whole place with ani mation. ! "While I was floating before the Ghauts I (steps leading down to the river), in ad miration of the scene, it seemed! to me like some fairy dream,' so unlike was it to any thing. I had ever witnessed. The devout, the indifferent, and the profane, are so mingled together, engaged in their different occupations of .praying, washing, and playing, that it is hard to say which predominates. " I could observe Brahmins performing their prayers, and others making offerings; while their neighbours were washing their clothes, and splashing away at a rate quite enough to shake the gravity of any but a Brahmin. - " It was amusing to see a fat old priest waddle from the stream like a turtle, and take up his position on the steps of the Ghaut ; while, not far from him, the light forms of the women rose from the water, and stood with their thin drapery floating round them. to; comb their long locks, — like mermaids, in all but their want of mirrors. When their hair is nearly dry, they hold their clean "robes like a- screen round their figures, and, shaking off the wet ones, draw the others close, and -.are dressed in a moment. " The figures approaching the Ghaut, some of them in blue and lose-coloured scarfs, as well as white, with their pitchers on their heads, and their children by their sides, give a still more picturesque effect to the scene. -The number of bouts that are passing up and down the river, the splashing of the oars, and the song of the rowers, with the screams of the children, who, without their consent to the cere mony, are getting well ducked, complete the picture. The sun \va3 nut so high, hut that the domes and minarets of the holy city were reflected in the stream be low, and it appeared that the town, as well as all its sons and daughters, had fled to the bosom of the sacred liver. — Skinner -s Excursions in India. 