LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT.-(CRIMINAL SIDE) Monday, Febuary 2: - Before the Chief Jus- tice, William Cummings was indicted for stealing a mare the property of Charles Frederick Warne, at Bathurst, on the 39th December, 1888. The case for the prosecution was, that about eighteen months since, two mares strayed from Mr. Warne's run near Bathurst. In the month of January ; 1889, the prisoner, who is a man of con- siderable property, inserted an advertisement to the effect that some time before he had lost a mare, and that a mare which he believed to be the same had returned to his farm, but if any one had lost a mare of the same description, they had better ap- ply to him; and if they could prove it to be their's, he would give it up ; then followed a description of the mare, which was not correct ; but a few days afterwards be sent a correct description, which was answered. Mr. Warne, thinking the mare answered the description of his own, sent his servant, who positively identified it. Other witnesses also iden- tilled the mare but none so positively as Mr. Warne's servant. Cummings refused to give the mare up declaring it to be one that be had pur- chased from a person named L'Estrange. Mr. A'Becket, who addressed the jury for the prisoner, said that he had thirteen witnesses in att- endance to prove that the mare was actually the one that Cummings purchased from L'Estrange. but be the mare whose it might, he contended that there was not the slightest evidence of any felonious taking, but on the contrary, Cummings's conduct was most praiseworthy. Although no witnesses were called for the pris- oner, the Attorney General exercised his right of reply. The Judge summed up very strongly in the prisoner's favour, and the jury, after an hour's ab- sence returned a verdict of Guilty - Remanded. Before Mr. Justice Willis. Alexander Fenton was indicted for shooting at Christopher Tiplady, at Nattai, on the 20th July. Chalker's public house, near Berrima, was at- tacked by three bushrangers; knowing that there were some soldiers encamped in the neighbourhood Mr.Chalker ran to them to give the alarm. While be was gone one of the bushrangers, the prisoner, went to the kitchen and told Tiplady, the cook, if he did not come out be would shoot him; Tip- lady said, "fire and be ----"; the prisoner then went into the house to get the other two men to assist him to open the kitchen door; Tiplady fol- lowed him, and at the door of the house the prisoner fired a pistol at him; the pan was so near to his eyes that the flash blinded him for a short time, but luckily, the ball missed him; the prisoner then levelled and fired a musket at him, and thirty slugs entered the wall behind him, but none of them hit him. The alarm that the soldiers were approaching was then given, and the bushrangers ran away, taking nothing with them. When called upon for his defence the prisoner said "I don't see that I can say anything.". Guilty To be transported for life. John Williams, a runaway convict, was indicted for burglariously entering the dwelling house of Janet Templeton, at Parramatta, on the 6th December, and stealing therefrom sundry articles. Guilty - To be transported for fifteen years. Frederick Stephens was indicted for stealing a watch, the property of Alexander Clagston, at sea, on the Uth October. The prisoner was a servant on board the Mait- land Steamer, and stole a watch which had been entrusted to the Steward by a person at Hunter's River. Guilty - To be imprisoned for twelve months, every fourth month in solitary confine, ment. Margaret Connor was indicted for suborning a witness to commit perjury at the Windsor Quarter Sessions. Not guilty. Tuesday. - Before the Chief Justice. Richard Norn's, John Makepiece, and Dennis Hazlewood, were indicted for stealing a Bullock, value £10, the property of Richard Jenkins, at Berrima, on the11th December. The case against the prisoners was very slight. Not guilty. The prisoners were defended by Messrs. Foster and Windeyer. James Bryan was indicted for robbing Isaac Titterton of one watch, value £50, £140 in money and sundry articles, at Homebush, on the 30th December. Mr. Titterton a publican at Sydney had been attending a sale at Homebush; about six o'clock he was returning in company with a Mr. Frazer in a gig. On the road they were met by two men armed with pistols who stopped the gig saying your money or your lives. One of them got into the gig and robbed Mr. Frazer of £102 and a watch, and Mr. Titterton of a watch and £142 in money. He positively identified the prisoner. The ruffians behaved very brutally, threatening to to cut Mr. Titterton's fingers off for the sake of his rings, and although they had taken upwards of £200, and Mr. Titterton requested them if they had any gentility to give him £1 to pay expences, they refused. A few days afterwards, Mr. Titterton apprehended the prisoner in a public house in George-street. The prisoner in his defence said be bought the watch of a very respectable looking man whose name he had forgotten for £7. 10. Guilty Remanded. Before Mr. Justice Stephen. John Franks, a runaway convict, was indicted for assaulting William Tugley at Mutmutbilly on the 15th October, and stealing a Mail Bag, the property of her Majesty's Postmaster General. Tugley was employed to convey the mail from Yass to Goulburn. On the day laid on the indict- ment, the prisoner stopped Tugley and presenting a pistol at his head, took his horse and the mail bags away. There was no proof of the property in the mail bag. His Honor left it to the Jury to say whether they had any proof of the bag being the property of the Postmaster General. The Jury returned a verdict of guilty of the robbery, but no proof of whose property the mail bag was. His Honour directed a verdict of not guilty to be entered, and remanded the prisoner on other charges. John Hunt was indicted for the wilfull murder ol Daniel Macarthy, at Regentville, on the 30th October, by throwing him on the ground and beat- ing bim with his hands and feet. A second count charged the murder to bave been committed by beating with a blunt instrument. The prisoner said he was deaf, and requested that counsel might be assigned ; at the request of his-Honor, Mr. Purifoy undertook his defence. Guilty - Death. Wednesday - Before the Chief Justice. Edward Wholohan, Michael WhoIohan, Ann Wholohan, and Francis Dalling were indicted for a misdemeanor. The information recited that heretofore, to wit on the 27th July, at Wollongong, in the Colony of New South Wales, Patrick Plunkett, Esq., being one of the Justices assigned to keep the peace within the said Colony, did in due form make out a warrant of commitment, directing the keeper of Sydney Gaol to detain the body of John Doyle, who stood charged with a rope upon the body of one Mary McMahon, and the Attorney-General informed the Court that the prisoners being wicked and evil disposed persons, knowing the premises and also that the said Mary McMahon was , a witness against the said John Doyle, and intended to appear to give evidence against him, but they contriving and intending, as much as in them lay, to obstruct and prevent the due course of justice, and to prevent the said John Doyle from being convicted, and enable him to evade justice and go unpunished, on the 27th of October at Wollongong, aforesaid did conspire combine and confederate together to solicit and persuade the said Mary McMabon to leave the district of Wollongong, and remain in another place during the session of the court in which the said Doyle was to have been tried, and in pursuance thereof did promise the said Mary McMahon that if she would keep out of the way until the trial was over she would be rewarded for it, to the manifest obstruction of public justice in contempt of the laws, to the evil example of all others, &c.; &c.; A second count charged that the prisoners in pursuance of the conspiracy, did un- lawfully threaten the said Mary McMahon, that if she did not keep out of the way and refrain from giving evidence against the said John Doyle, she should be abused and ill tieated. The third count charged the prisoners geneally with con- spiracy to induce the said Mary McMahon to suppress her evidence against Doyle. The fourth charged the prisoners with knowing that an infor- mation for felony was about to be exhibited against John Doyle, and that in order to prevent his conviction tbey conspired together to prevent the said Mary McMahon from attending as wit- ness against him. Mary McMahon, a girl about thirteen years of age, (who is twenty in appearance,) was ravish- ed by a man named Doyle, who was committed to take his trial for the offence. McMahon lived with her uncle and aunt a short distance from Wollongong, and the prisoners lived a few rods from the bouse. After the committal of Doyle the prisoner and others always used to call after McMahon, there gor« the prosecutor, and they told her that if she went to prosecute Doyle he would be hanged and bis ghost would haunt her. The prisoners, who all lived together, en» ticed McMahon into their house, and pursuaded her to go away saying that Darling would marry her. Mrs. Murphy, McMabon's Aunt, who has had charge of her since she was six months old, took an active part in the prosecution, which ex- cited the ire of the Wholohan», who used to call her a prosecutor, with a number of abusive epithets, and the female prisoner accused her of wanting to make a prosecutor of a poor innocent angel, the angel meaning Mary McMahon. Murphy told Wholohan not to allow McMahon into her house, but the only reply that she got was that she "wanted to pay for Mary's clothes with Doyle's blood money." After she bad been served with a subpoena, Mary McMabon abscon- ded from ber aunt's house and went to Campbell- town (the Wholobans accompaning her a mile or two on the road) with Darling, with whom she lived as his wife for nearly a month, when Darling gave her some money to come to Sydney, but she arrived too late for the criminal session. When «bemissed M'Mahon, Murphy went to the houieof the prisoners, when Ann Wholohan abused her very much and told her that she bad got the girl a good husband, and that she was planted and could not give evidence against Doyle. Mr. Purifoy addressed the Jury foi the prut oners at considerable length, contending that the only person whose conduct was reprehensible was Darling, iu nut fulfilling his promise to marry the girl, but the conduct of the other prisoners he argued wa« commendable, a» it was evident their only intention was to get ber married to Darling. The Judge summed up at considerable length, leaving all the Jury to say whether the intention of the prisoners was to seduce the girl, or to pre- vent her from giving evidence. The Jury retired for a few minutes, and return- ed a verdict of guilty againt.1 all the prisoners. The Judge enquiied the character of the priioueri. Dr. Osborne, a Magistrate in the neighbourhood, said that there never hid been I any charges against them, but they wein nut pet- | nins of good repute. The prisoners were remanded for sentence. James Bryant, convicted on a previous day of highway robbery, was sentenced to be transported to a penal settlement for life. Before Mr. Justice Stephen. William Reid, and Edward Buckingham, were indicted for assaulting Henry Taylor on the high- way, and robbing him of one coat &c; at Sydney on the 26th December. The prisoners were soldiers serving sentences in the house of correction. On Christmas day, ten soldiers escaped from the prison and committed a vaiiety of depredations. Among others, the pri- soners stopped a mun named Taylor near the Al- bum Brewery, and robbed him el' his coat, &e.; Guilty-to be transported for life. Joseph Jackson was indicted for burglariously I entering the dwelling-house of William Wood, I with intent to steal the goods at King's Plains, on the 17th January, 1839. On the day laid on the indictment, the house of the prosecutor was attacked by a party of bushrangers, who broke in, fired at the prosecutor, and five of them successively ravished an elderly female, the mother of fifteen children. The pris- oner was sworn to as one of the six men who entered the bouse, but the witnesses spoke of his good conduct in endeavouring to prevent the other men from committing violence, and the woman who was so brutally used said that had it not have been for the prisoner, she was sure her life would have been taken. The other five men were found guilty and executed in August last, but the prisoner was not taken until lately. Guilty -to be transported for fifteen years, John Wood, and Mali by Smith, were indicted for stealing six bottles of wine, the property of John Bradly, on board the cutter Mermaid, at sea on the 6th December. Guilty of larceny, but whether at sea or not the Jury had no evidence before them. Remanded. John Roberts was indicted for wounding James Knight with an axe at Pairamatta, on tue 27th December, with intent to murder him. Guilty of a common asault - Remanded to Saturday for a certificate as to his sanity. Thursday. - Before the Chief Justice. William Cummings, convicted of horse stealing, on a former day, having been placed at the Bar, the Attorney General prayed the judgement of the Court. Mr. a'Beckett said he had an application to make to the Court, not in the nature of an arrest of judgment, but rather that His Honor would delay passing judgment altogether, which he would cite several cases to shew the Court had authority to do if His Honour saw that the verdict of the Jury ought not to have been returned. In the case of the King v. Gough, 2nd Douglass 797, which was a case of perjury, upon an application for a new trial, made after the time allowed by law, Judge Buller said, that, from the state of the evidence, he must say that the verdict was most extraordinary ; and Lord Mansfield, in grant- ing the application, said, that if the Court saw that a verdict was improper they would postpone judgment for ever. In the King v. Holt, 5 Term Report!, Lord Kenyon said the Court is always anxious to see justice done, and will take care not to pass judgment on an Innocent man. In Tilly's case, in the 2 _criminal cases it is never too late to repair what had been done. In the case of the King v. Wad- dington, in the 1st Eart, Lord Kenyon said, if upon review ol the case the Court is satisfied that the prisoner is not guilty of any offence, they will not proceed to pass judgment upon him Ile (Mr. a'B.) was aware that he could not ¡ruprnch the verdict of the Jury, and- therefore be ouly asked the Court to postpone the judgment in order that the prisoner might have time to lay his case before the Executive. To «hew how important the matter was to the prisoner, he would read part of an affidavit made by him. The Attorney General objected to any affidavit made by the prisoner alter conviction being read. Mr. e'Beckett said that he would suggest that the sum of £ I ¿00 is owing to the prisoner, which, if judgment is parsed upon him, be will have no means of obtaining. The Attorney General, then the Crown will ob. tain it for him Mr. a'Beckett was then about to speak upon the nature of the case, when The Attorney General said he could not allow the verdict of the Jury to be impeached ; there was no objection made to the way in which the case was left to the Jury, and the verdict could not be impeached. The Chief Justice said he could not allow the verdict of the Constitutional Tribunal to be im- peached-the proper mode of proceeding was to apply to the Executive. He (the Judge) would ask the learned counsel what constitutional au- thority a Judge has to interfere mid postpone judgmeut after the verdict of a Jury. I Mr. a'Beckett, what authority is there to com. j pel Tour Honor to pass judgmeut at any patticu- ( lar time. " r_* I The Chief Justice, I must perfect the record. What I want you to shew is a case of felony in which the Court interfeted-the cases you have cited are all cases of misdemeanors, where the Court could if it thought proper grant a new trial. Mr. Windeyer said that he thought he could at once shew that the Court has authority to in- terfere in cases of felony ; but before doing so, he would draw His Honor's attention to the great importance it was to the prisoner that be should have an opportunity of proving his innocence be- fore sentence passed, for once the sentence was passed he would be attainted, and no pardon could do away with all the effects of the at- tainder, the mischief therefore to bim would be irreparable. The case to which he alluded «as the King v. Garside, in the second of Adolphus and Ellis. The prisoner bad been convicted of murder, but had given information which led to the discovery, upon faith of a proclamation, offer- ing a pardon to any persons giving information, except the actual perpetrator ; but the jury found that the prisoner was the actual perpetrator of the murder, which was endorsed upon the record. In this case, after conviction, the prisoner was brought up to the Court of King's Bench and pleaded the proclamation, and the Court gave the prisoner's counsel time to prepare himself. Lord Denman ob- serving, that be saw nothing to prevent execution being carried into effect. If, therefore, in a case in which the Court said there was no hope for the prisoner, the Court postponed judgment, and ex- ercised its discretion, surely His Honor, with the facts that must be within his knowledge, would exercise a discretion, and prevent irreparable injury from being done to the prisoner. In the argu- ments ia the case he had cited, the case of the King v. Thurteli and others was alluded to, in which one of the prisoners, Hunt, having given some information to the magistrates, prayed that trial might be postponed, in order that he might petition for a pardon ; but the Court said' " No, the trial must be proceeded with ;" but after the trial, sentence was postponed, and Hunt obtained a conditional pardon. These two cases be (Mr. W.) trusted would satisfy His Honor that be bad a discretion in the matter ; and he would ask, what there was in the case that could prevent the prisouer from remaining over until the last day of the session, as Is usually done with other pri- soners who are remanded? Would the public justice suffer by the postponement? It was mon- strous to suppose that the law, the perfection of reason, can be in such a state, that there is no way of repairing the mischief done by the erroneous verdict of a jury. The Attorney ¡Generat objected to the postpon. ment of the «entence, on the ground that the court had no power in the matter. The only pur- pose of the pwtponment wa« to defraud the crown of the £1500 «aid to be due to the prisoner. After a few word« from Mr. a* Beckett in reply' the Chief Justice «aid that if there was any par- amount reason wby be should pas« «entence on the , prisoner he would at once do io ; the verdict of rae Jury having been returned he must regard the prisoner as guilty in the eye of the law. He had aot had the advantage of consulting his learned | bretberen npon the «ubject, and he would there- fore postpone the sentence untill the last day of the session, but in doing so be did not in the least impeach the verdict of the Jury. The trial ot Elizabeth Jane White, and Jane White mother and daughter, who stood charged with infanticide, was postponed untill next session in consequence of the absence of Catherine White a material witness, but as they had been in gaol two sessions His Honor said, as there was no proof that the prisoners were concerned in kecpiqg the witness out of the wi»y,*he could detain the« no I longer and outeied them lo be discharged, upon the rider prisoner entering into her pergonel'rccog nisaaue in £500, and the otliei in £30Q/VA~Bench warrant was iwued against Catherine White. Richard Stewart whs indicted for forging an order foi- £60, purporting to be signed by J, Metcalfe, ot Bathurst in August last, with inteut to defraud George Bushy and otheis his partners. Guilty. To be transported for lire. Before Mr. Justice Willis, Robert Franks was indicted for robbing the Mail bags between Yass and Goulburn. Guilty. To be transported for Life. Richard Lewis was indicted for forging a pro- missory note, purporting to be drawn by Samuel Saunders Simpson, at Cockatoo Island, on the 10th October. The prisoner pleaded guilty. His Honor passed sentence of transportation for life upon the prisoner, but said he should lecounneud the Governor to commute it to seven years. Ebenezer Lansdowne was .indicted for killing Helena Davi», by carelessly driving a dray, and throwing her on the ground, whereby she came to her death. Not Guilty. John M'Leod and Arthur Finn were indicted for stealing sundry articles fiom the dwelling house of William Park, near Bathurst, on the 21st October, the said William Park being therein put in bodily fear. Guilty. To be transported for fifteen years. Charles Elliott was indicted for stealing from the dwelling-house of William Edwards, at Bur- rowa, sundry articles, the property of H. C. Wal- ton and others, his partners, the said William Ed- wards being therein put in bodily fear. Guilty. To be transported for fifteen years, Court adjourned. 