(From Colburn's New Monthly Magazine.) MUND TOM: OR MEN AND MOTIVES. BY DOUGLAS JERROLD. Poor Jack Martin ! Nay, weelo Lim grief .? vous wrong-for he was not, poor ; but rich, imperial', in his simple honesty. He wanted excellent want a sense of poverty, she wore a whole cost, hail rarely a fracture in his shoe, slept under a roof of nights, and could sometimes boast of five shillings in his pocket. '11 once Jack, ignorant Jack, never dreamt of any worldly difference between himself and Toni Martin, his prosperous and ambitious \- cousin. " God bless you, he didn't see me," "Jack would say to a companion, when having nodded, with a twinkling eye to Tom, the nod was titirctnrncd-Tom quickening his pace and looking into the sky learned his pauper 'cousin. " Depend on it, he never saw me - bless you ! one of the best fellows in the " world ; always so pleased to see me." And such was Jack's innocent belief; he could not understand that Toni-his old school- fellow, his blood relation Tom-took any glory to himself from the seven hundreds year, and the very genteel acquaintance acquired by the grace of such an income, to the close and vantages of cousin Jack-good tempered, -merry hearted Jack ; who, we may observe, defied fortune with seventy five pounds per annum ; terrible odds ; the more especially, when increased by the addition of one wife and two children. Jack enjoyed, may we say as much-a small clerkship, and secured one of the many whom fortune forgets either for good or evil. 'Years and years passed, and. Jack Martin was only a poor clerk. Tom Martin was not to he so overlooked. He attacked fortune with a boldness, sloughing confidence, which when successful, is con s sidered the certain evidence of genius ; -if it fail, it is rashness, ignorance, gross presumption Jack and Tom started in life from) the shame point; Jack crept a step or two and then stuck fast ; whilst Tom took ogres, strides in the pleasant places of the world. At times they met, or rather passed each other nothing inducing Jack to suspect that -there was the slightest distinction between ''them-that Tom, except from a growing defect of vision, could have failed to see him. " Poor fellow, he always used to be dim weighted," Jack would say : " but bless me, how fast he walks. Capital fellow, cousin Tom ; always very fond of me." It was, in truth, an annoyance to Tom, that his extraordinary position in the world-his increasing reputation in the market, was wholly unacknowledged by his vulgar cousin Jack ; who saw cousin Tom, and would have seen only cousin Tom, had he been clothed in cloth of gold, and dubbed a knight. There was the same laugh-the same gripe of the hand, when Toimfound it impossible to avoid the grasp-the same kind salutation as in for many years. Tom, when confronted- by Jack, seemed humiliated by his very heartiness ; his robust welcome awoke a recollection of former annoyance. Jack rose before the prosperous Tom, the ghost of departed poverty. " What an excellent fellowes my cousin' Tom," said Jack, warm from one "of these meetings to a brother clerk, a follow vassal in the office of Smith and Smith, , What she done Jack'?" asked his friend. " Oh, he's done nothing," replied Jack ; J< but he's a fine fellow ; so anxious about me." Well, I am happy to hear it. I suppose The promises something then? ' " Not at all but he has given me capital advice. Tom was always fond? me." And shall you take it, shack," asked his companion. " I can't say Isliall ; line poor fellow, lie sncanHt well ; a good hearted creature ! I'll tell you all about it. You see this morning, as I was going along Cheapside, I met Tom between Alderman Power and Snarl, the common councilmen. " What, cousin Tom, says I, and caught hold of his hand, < how are you, cousin Tom V *' And what said the alderman and-" "Oh, they nodded atuHauglied to Tom, and no doubt thinking I'd something particular to say to my cousin, they dropped his arm, and walked on." " And was your cousin," asked Jack's friend drily, A' very much pleased at the meeting ? 41 To be sure he washaways told you, Tom was always so fond of me t" "Well, and his advice?" " Why, he asked me to walk down Gutter lane with him; and when we had gone a little way, he stopped, and looking at me in his kind, wood way, he said Cousin John,-" " John !" " Jack,' says I cousin Tom-no John between relations-Jack as always Jack,' says he what's your present salary?' ' Seventy-five pounds a year,' says I. It's only little,' says he, and I couldn't deny it very little for a man of your talents.' ' Why,' says I not to say much about talents, I've known greater fools get a great deal more; but never mind that.'-' And you've a wife and two children?' says he. ' Ha ! you've never come and taken a bit with us, says I as you promised : cousin Sally would be so happy.' I Well, I will come,' says he but now to business. A wife and two children'?' says he. ' Between you and me,' says I, there's flannel wanted for a third.' IN a great pity,' says he Can't he helped, says I However, says Tom, ' this makes I hu matter more urgent. Cousin Jack, you're wasting your abilities in Eng- land you are, indeed,' and poor fellow he seemed quite concerned as he spoke. ' What would you have meted, then?' says J. ' Do !' says, ' why, I wouldn't have you to stop another week in London! If you want to be a man, they're the words of a friend, Jack, and here he squeezed my hand quite like a brother, go to New Zealand : there's no place like it-tour harvests a year and no taxes good bye! but do go to New Zealand."' ~ Cousin Tom, in hisboncvolent condescen- sion, had frequently promised to dine with cousin Jack, and as Jack himself would insist upon calling her, cousin Sally. Twice had Tom named the day-twice had Jack mortgaged something of the comforts of the ensuing six days, that he might make the Sunday banquet more worthy of the patronage of Tom. Twice had cousin Sally-a plain, homely, little woman-been thrown into a flutter by the promised advent of the important cousin Tom. More Tons had been promised by Jack to the children as a most especial treat, and the little ones counted the days and then the hours for the arrival of the mysterious, the wonderful cousin Tom. " Bless my heart, Sadly!.' cried cousin Jack, as the church clock struck two, " I hope nothing has happened to dear cousin Tom." " Happened to him'!" cried cousin Sally, with lowering discontent, and an expressive look at a shoulder of mutton dished and sod evening before the fire ; whilst covered plates upon the hobs gave token of turnip tops and dumplings-" what should happen to him?" " He couldn't have mistaken means sure I said one o'clock," observed Jack, looking anxiously towards the window, where his two children with noses flattened against the panes, were watching for cousin Tom. " This is the third time he has made a fool of us," exclaimed cousin Sally. " Don't talk in that way Sally ; if he don't come now, something must have happened to him. He promised to come, and he so fond of mel An excellent creature, cousin Tom." ." The mutton's rags," said cousin Sally, frowning on the seething joint. '." Always a man of his word," said the husband " Turnip tops not worth a farthing," continued cousin Sally, " Little forgetful, but has a heart of gold." " Dumplings like lead." " Here's cousin!" lisped one of the children, " cousin Tom !" '" No.'itiwn't," said the elder, " it's only a Funeral" For the third time cousin Tom disappointed he hopes of the too sanguine Jack. In justice, however, to Tom, we must state that his promises to dine-were rather inferred by Jack, [has seriously made by the prosperous cousin. " To-morrow's Sunday," Jack has cried, suddenly cr ii i t g upon the unguarded Tom, at the time in high -conversation with very genteel acquaintance, " you must some-one o'clock -plain'living -you know mutton and dumplings-you always liked dumplings-say you will come." On this Tom, like Hotspur, " all smarting would make answer, he " would," or " could not," which answer Jack, in his glad- ness, immediately received as a serious pledge; and for this reason a reason only discover- able by himself "Cousin Tom was so fond of him." Cousin Tom yearned for high connexions. Having fairly sweated to achieve the honor, Cousin Tom was become a member of a small club. For many days he had hung upon the looks of the Honorable Alexander Pulington, a gentleman of somewhat confined means, and limited understanding. Happy moment ! At precisely five o'clock in the afternoon, on the 1st of April, 18-, the hand of cousin Tom was for the first time suffered to grasp the two outstretched fingers of the Hon. Alexander] Padington. We are thus scrupulous as to the time, as it was the most important in Tom's existence. As the great Danish sculptor once called his birth-day, that day on which he first entered Rome, so did Tom only begin to rise from the squeeze permitted to him by the benignant Pulington. The day was Sunday-a Way Sunday-; and the friendship of Tom and his honorable friend had become more glowing with the season. What could have brought the Hon. Alexander Pulington into the northern suburbs, we cannot guess ; let it suffice, he was somewhere in Camden Town and wandering-in that unknown region was suddenly encountered by cousin Tom. We shall not chronicle all the discourse that ensued upon the meeting ; however, we may state that Tom ventured to call his honorable friend a devil of a fellow," ''Pulington smiling a mute confession to the charge. Moreover, anelderly-spinster, passing, with a large prayer book, casts wither- ing look at the two friends, one of whom was at the time laughing very irreverently, whilst the other, as it seemed to the lady, incoherently exclaimed, I'd -d fine-d-d time quite an angel." Thus stood the friends, and thus soul communing with soul, they laughed away the moments, when suddenly cousin Tom was refused to the gross events of wayfaring life by a vehement slap on the shoulder.' Quick as thought he turned, and, oh shame! oh hangers-on, death to his new-born friendship with the Honorable Alexander Pollington J There -Blood cousin Jack, all his good na- in red face melting with a smile, his right hand outstretched, while his left forefinger pointed gracefully and significantly down to his feet, where in a red dish smoked a breast of veal that no rent from the baker's-a breast of veal hissing and bubbling-on a bed of brown potatoes! " I knew you'd come I told Sally there must have been a mistake. She said it was pride, but la! I knew you'd drop in upon us and take pollock - come along bring your friend with you there'll be quite enough-and you'll be welcome, sir, as the flowers in May. Here, Tommy," and cousin Jack turned to his eldest son, -a plumpairchin of seven years old, glistening in a white pinafore, and carrying in his two hands a mug of porter Cousin Jack," and Jack smiled again, as he displayed the boy, " you know he's your namesake I christened him after you, because I knew you was so very fond of me. Here, Tommy, run to the Coach and Horses, and tellers to send home another pot of beer in their own pot, mother won't mind the halfpenny and now, cousin Tom, if you" and your friend will Just follow me down that court, -- " The despairing artist, feeling that the passion of his heroine defied his skill, modestly yet cunningly hung a veil before her. A like difficulty suggests to us a like escape. We shall not attempt to describe the agony of cousin Tom-the tortures of the moment. Talk of the punishment of the brazen bull; what was it to the horrors of-that breast of veal? We will nbtdinger on the theme ; but simply assure the reader that neither Tom, nor his friend, the Honourable Alexander -Pulington, dined with cousin Jack. We have however to record another painful incident arising from this ill-timed hospitality. After many struggles, cousin Tom was compelled to leave the club; for he wrestled with his destiny ;. but it was too much for the nerves of a story that his appearance should be the inevitable signal to divers members to commence an earnest inquiry of the waiters, if there was in the house a breast of veal, with particular and most- sigoificant.queries, touching -baked potatoes. sHow cousin Jack was anathematized by cousin Tom'! A year or two passed away, and cousin Tom fell in love ; it was prudent in him to have an intense affection for Dorothea Sibilwitz, the only child of a German baron, who, philosophically regardless of the evanescent advantages of nobility, devoted his many days to the vending of a certain precious ointment made patent by the state. The daughter of the medicinal philosopher had a dowry of twenty thousand pounds; she had, moreover, a very proper notion of the delightful privileges of worldly station. She was a mere woman, and was not content to sink the nobility inherited from her father in her father's galliots. Hence, Dorothea Syhilwitz, us the phrase runs, looked high. How it happened, let Cupid caus war; but certain it is, that with all these aspirations, Dorothea full in love with cousin Toni. It was true she reasoned with herself-he had no high relations to recommend him 4 but then, upon his own showing he had no poor, beggarly connexions to cast a shadow on her golden fortunes. It was thus Dorothea compromised between her love of nobility and her love for cousin Tom. Rank was, after all, an abstract idea; whereas cousin Tom was really a tall, well made young fellow, with very tantalizing whiskers. The match was settled-Dorothea Sjbilwitz was the affianced bride of cousin Torn. What a lovely day was the Derby day of 1837 I Cousin Tom, within one month of his coming marriage with Dorothea Sybilwitz, with his bride and two female friends, took the road to Epsom. There never was such a delightful day : even the confusion that now and Bren occurred upon the way, served to give a whct,^a~zest, to the pleasures of the scene. A thousand and a thousand vehicles lined the road. Cousin Tom was all attention 11 and Dorothea Sybil she was all bliss, when suddenly a voice roared above the hubbub, " Tom, Tom cousin Tom, I say," and Tom casting his eyes down, beheld in a low spring cart, drawn by a pony, something less than a Newfoundland dog, the smiling, happy cousin Jack "How are you, cousin Tom-here we are, you see here's Sally-and here's the two boys and here's baby couldn't leave baby behind, you know-and here's Mr. and Mrs. Simcox, all neighbours and friends beautiful pony that-small; but I'll bet you a bottle of ginger-beer that he keeps up with you all the way." Cousin Tom's face became as yellow as his glove, and Miss Dorothea Sybilwitz with ashy lips, and terrible eyes, said flatteringly, " -Cousin'! Cousin !" Cousin Tom said (no- thing ; but cousin Jack was resolved to be seen because he know cousin Tom was so fond of him. Tom, cousin Tom," he cried, hero's Sarah! Don't you know your cousin Sarah?" and the husband with a look of triumph pulled the coat of cousin Tom, compelling li i ii to glance al cousin Sarah, at the time in a coarse straw bonnet and cotton shawls, suckling her last bom. " So you're going to be married, Tom, are you"? -I heard something of it well, I wish you joy and I wish you joy, ma'am, for I can see by your blushing adds bring your lips, that-" To the inexpressible relief of cousin Tom, the positions got out of the line and distanced the pony chaise ; hence, cousin Jack could see no more. Miss Dorothea Sybilwitz, had, however, learned the existence of a horribly poor, and therefore horribly low cousins and Dorothea smiled not again that day. ; Early next morning even whilst cousin Jack was at his breakfast cousin Tom, threading the intricacies of the thrill, Camden town, presented himself at the dwelling of the poor lawyer's clerk. " I knew some day you'd come to see me was sure you would," cried joyous Jack ; " because, though you are a little better off than I am, still I knew that could make no difference to you ; no, no, I knew<you were still very fond of me." In many words cousin Tom told the purpose of his errand. He thought the situation! held by cousin Jack was far beneath his talents; and, therefore, as he would not go abroad, if he would consent to retire 'into! Wales, he and his family should be amply provided for by cousin Tom. This was the offer, recommended by all the arts of Jane guage at the command of the visitor. '"'God bless you, Tour!" cried Jack, " you have a heart indeed you always were so kind to me. What's get is to be sure little enough for Sarah-anti-and they're nice little things, aren't they?" said Jack, in a thickened voice, averting his head, and pointing to his children. " Beautiful babes!" cried cousin Tom, taking one upon his knee, and trying to smile upon it. " But what say you to my offer, Jack'?" " I say, God bless you but I can't take it-no, I can't. Though as a poor clerk, I f write my hand down to the stump, I can't eat the bread of obligation." And on this point cousin Jack was resolute; and cousin Tom, with a perplexed and angry I face, quitted the house. L Al island tunes suddenly fell upon cousin Jack; for that day week he was discharged from his office. This was the more strange, as it was only two days before, that Smith and Smith, his employers, were splendidly entertained at the table of cousin Tom. 'Poor cousin Jack owed two or three debts ; the creditors became clamorous- he could obtain no new employment to make things worse, two of the children sickened, as it was thought, for the measles. ' With an aching heart and a pale brow, cousin Jack knocked at the door of cousin Tom. God bless you, Tom," he cried, it would be a long story to tell you what I've suffered for this fortnight past. He ! you are a friend! indeed but I must take your order will go, end for the sake of others, end my days in Wales. May God bless you'.!" and the, tears ran down Jack's face, " for your kindness to me !" In six days cousin Jack and his family were buried amidst the mountains of North Wales and Miss Dorothea, Sybilwitz consented to bear the name of cousin Tom ; whose kindness for Jack was still further enhanced by an offer, that when the boys should be old enough, he would place them very eligibly at sea. Cousin Jack still lives in Wales; still enjoys his forty pounds per year from Cousin Tom. " This makes the fourth son this year," Laid cousin Tom, as he despatched the note, the last quarter's allowance to his cousin, " the fourth ten-day hill" And. all the world cries, " How good is cousin Tom to cousin sTack how kind is he to his poor relation." And the unsuspecting Jack amidst the mountains, quaffs his cup of small ale, and, to applauding neighbours, tells the crimes of his relative and still the close of his eulogy is, " Hero's cousin Tom's health ! Yes, cousin was always so fond of me!" 