NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR. [FROM VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS.] THE GOULBURN RACES. The Goulburn Races commenced on Thurs- day the 8th of October, and were kept up with a good deal of spirit until Saturday Evening ; the course being honored by the attendance of several ladies and a numerous party of horse- men, amongst whom we were happy to observe many of our sporting friends from Yass. In consequence of the arrival of many unexpected horses from Sydney, much anxiety was felt by the Yassites, as they had booked Crockford to win. FIRST DAY. The sport commenced on the New course, on Thursday, the site and arrangement of which reflected great credit on the Stewards. The first race on the list was the Goulburn Purse ; £50, two mile heats, £3 entrance, and the following candidates came to the Post. Mr. Waddy's c. g. Prince, aged, rider, W. Wilson. Mr. W. Hardy's b. g. Commissary, five years old, rider M. M'Grath. Mr. Byrnes's h. fe. Tom, five years old, rider J. Patrick. Mr. Welch's c. li. Crockford, six years old, rider Tom Jones. For the first mile a sheet might have been laid over the horses, but on passing the stand, Tom made a bold dash to the front, but was quickly collared and caught by Prince, who went a head, and maintained his place to the stand, Commissary running a good second, Tom third, and Crockford's judicious rider, finding that he had no chance for the race hauled up within the distance, and was then drawn.—This heat was done in three minutes, fifty two seconds. (Not so bad.) For the second heat, the old Camertonian had it all his own way, " hard-held" much to the disgust of the Argyle gentry.—This was done in four minutes, five seconds. The next race was for the Ladies' Purse, £30, one mile heat, for which there were the follow- ing entrances.— Mr. Welch's, g. g. Hairtrigger, six years old, rider, Tom Jones. Mr. Christie's h. g. The Artful, six years old, rider M. M'Grath. Mr. Ximenes's g. g. There it is you see, five years old, rider, J. Patrick. Mr. J. J. Hurly's c. m. Mermaid, three years old, rider J. Keighran. Mr. Byrne'ss, b. g. Tom, five years old, Mr. Smith. Mr. Welch's c. li. Crockford, drawn. Mr. W. Hardy's b. g. Commissary, drawn. For the first heat, Hairtriggcr took the lead, and was never headed throughout the race, Mermaid running second, the Artful third, hard held. There it is you see, pulling up at the distance, and Tom no where.—This was done in two minutes. For the second heat, Hairtrigger again took the lead, closely followed by the Artful, between which a severe struggle took place at the stand ; Hairtrigger winning by a neck.—This was done in one minute and fifty-eight seconds. For the Hack race, £10, one mile heats, £1 entrance, nine horses drew up. Mr. Ximenes's, b. g. Black Diamond, J. Patrick. Mr. Byrnes's b. g. Cock Robin, and a long tail of unmentionables. This race was won by Black Diamond, which concluded the day's sport, which was voted by all to be much better than was to be expected from the " Vegetables," as your worthy contemporary the Australian calls them. SECOND DAY'S SPORT. At Twelve o'clock on Friday, when the bugle sounded, only one horse was audacious enough to meet the Prince-this was Mr. Byrnes' Tom, in consideration of whose gallantry and for the amusement of the spectators, Prince's rider, by dint of hard pulling, allowed Tom to come in only a length behind him.—The second heat was run in the same style. The next race, which excited more interest than any of the preceding, was the Hurdle race, £30, £3 entrance added. Three miles round the old Goulburn course, gentlemen riders; nine sporting leaps, three feet six hurdles, about the stiffness of which there was no mistake. When every preliminary arrange- ments had been made, the following sporting lot drew up for the race. Mr. W. Hardy's b. g. Commissary, five years, rider, R. Waddy Esq. eleven stone, black jacket and crimson cap. Mr. T. P. Besnard's bu. g. Frederic, aged, rider, J. King, Esq. eleven stone seven lb, green and white Jacket, purple cap. Mr. Ximenes's, b. g. Black Diamond, aged, rider, owner, eleven stone seven lb. Damson colored Jacket, black and gold cap. Mr. Christie's b. g. The Artful Dodger, five years, rider, Monies, Esq. eleven stone, blue jacket, black and gold cap. At the word "away," the horses started at a slow canter, improving the pace as they came to the first leap, when Black Diamond showed them the way over the first fence, closely followed by Commissary and Frederick, the Artful, who was close behind, now pricked up his ears; but whether a qualm of conscience came over him or his rider, we leave the spectators to judge ; certain it is he preferred the blinds to the fence, and bolted. And now they went to work, Com- missary leading over the second fence. After clearing the third leap, Diamond, not liking the line of course laid down by the Stewards, took one of his own making; but being quickly re- covered, lashed up, taking the fourth leap in the same stride with Frederick, Commissary still leading, and now, to the surprise of every body, Diamond cut diamond, and gave him a taste of the bleeders, his riders imagination, as he after- wards confessed, carrying him so much faster than his horse, that he actually thought that he had gone three miles, instead of two, and was winning easily ! But oh! ye gods! how vain was the delusion, when Commissary con- vinced him of his mistake, by again leading over the fifth fence. Now none but Commissary and Fred had a ghost of a chance, the pace be- ginning to tell on Black Diamond's want of con- dition. The remaining four leaps were taken in the most determined style, and after some hard driving, Commissary ran in, beating Fred, though not easily, by a few lengths. We un- derstand that the sporting owner of Commissary is willing to take up Slasher's challenge, if the time be extended three months, and the ad- vertisement be not mere braggadocio. Third Day. The third day's sport commenced with a match two mile heats, for £50, between Mr. Welch's Hairtrigger ridden by Jones, and Mr. Ximenes's There it is you see, ridden by Patrick. The race was won by Hairtrigger, There it is you see be- ing drawn after the first heat in consequence of his having an attack of the influenza. The beaten stakes for £20, £2 entrance ad- ded, mile heats, then came off. Mr. Besnard's Frederick, Mr. Christie's The Artful, Mr. Rut- ledge's Mermaid, and Mr. Byrnes' Tom started for a race which was decidedly the hardest con- tested during the meeting. The old horse proved himself still game, although he had not an inch to spare, the Artful pushing him close- ly for both heats : Mermaid and Tom playing together, being unequal to the pace of the two first horses. A Hack Hurdle-race, mile heats, was next got up for £10, entrances added for which there were the following candidates : Mr. Ximenes's Black Diamond - 1 1 Mr. Byrnes's Cock Robin ... 2 2 Captain Hunter's Billy ... 3 drawn. Both heats were won easily by Black Dia- mond. A match was made between Mr. Byrnes' The Artful and Mr. Rutledge's Mermaid—two-mile heats, for £ 50; but Mermaid's owner preferred Paying half forfeit to bringing the Mare on the course to be beaten. The Parramatta weights were carried at this meeting. 