? ?*»'.. . ? -. -? MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1840. "Sworn to no Master, of no Sect am I " LAW INTELLIGENCE SUPREME COURT—(Criminal side) Saturday february 1st—before the Chief Justice Thomas Chubb was indicted for shooting at Richard Smith, with intent to murder him, at Wallowa Creek on the 30th October, and Frederick Knowles was indicted for being present, aiding and assisting. Other counts laid the intent to be to do \- moie grievous bodily harm and to prevent the law- ful apprehension of their own errors.». The prisoners were both runaway convicts, and on the 29th October went in company with another bushranger named Rees to the house of Mr. Brown, a settler residing near the Vale of Clywd, which they robbed of a considérable quantity of property. The next day Mr. Brown went to a neighbouring Police station, and Sergeant Sneyd and Trooper Smith of the mounted Police went with him in pursuit. They went to the house of Mr. Walker who joined them with two native blacks. The blacks traced the bushrangers all day and at night the party came up with them encamped near the head of the Wallowa Creek. By leaving their horses and crawling on their hands and knees tbey got close to them, and challenmged them before they were observed. All three of tlhem ran away and Sergeant Sneyd shot Rees dead, Smith followed Chubb who turned round and fired at him but luckily missed him. One of the blacks knocked Chubb, down and he was secured; he lamented that he bad fired off the pistol before he encountered the blackfellow. In the camp were found, three double barrelled guns, five single barrelled guns, and five pistols. The prisoners had committed a great number of serious outrages. Guilty to be transported to a Penal Settlement for life never to be allowed to return to Sydney. John Doyle was indicted for ravishing Mai y 'U'Mahon, at Wollongong, on the 9th July. The proscrutrix, a girl ub.ut fourteen years of age, swot« positively lo the offence having been committed by tbe prisoner. The girl's uncle swore that b* found a bat at the place where the alleged, that the offence ivas committed, and in tha hat .was a certificóle of the prisoner's ckaiactcr, which he produced. Dr. Osborne sivoie that ou the day, oa the t vening of » liich I he i ¡Tenee was committed, the prisontr shewed him the certificate ; he also swore that he txnmined the pruserutrix, and was confident she h id bren recent y violated, and lhere «vere several bruises on différent paits of her person, winch shewed (hut time had liten con sideiable violence. After she w*s st i ved with a .stil>¡ terni, the prosecutiix »as told tlmt if she pio seruted the prisontr he would be hanged, and then hit ghost wt.uld haunt her; and she was per- suadid to go out of the way to Campbelltown, where Air nsided three weiks, cohabiting »Uli h sawyer. There were «onie slight di«crepancifs between the evidence gi vin hy the prosecutrix in Couit, and hefure the Magistrate, but not, on any material point. Mr, Puiif-.y addressed the Juiy at considerable length, dwelling willi gteat foi ce upon the di.crc pancivi ol the evidence, and the character of the yrosecutiix. TheChief Justice summed up at some length, recapitulating the whole evidence, and the Jury, nfter a few minutes-' absence, returned a veruict of Not Guilty. Before Mr. Justice Willis. \- Joseph Barrier was indicted for blabbing Francis Reynolds, with a knife, in the hand and back,, at Sutton Forest, on the fit li December, with intent to murder bim. Not Guilty. Walter Butler was indicted for stealing a mare, «value f 20, at Maiy Vale, on the Sill of July, the jiroperty of Elizabeth Thompson. Not Guilty. Court adjourned to Aloud*). 