LATE ENGLISH NEWS. MARRIAGE OF HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN WITH PRINCE ALBERT. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13 -Her Ma- jesty's marriage with Prince Albert was celebrated in London, on Monday last, with all the pomp and circumstance befi- ting such a solemn ceremony; and the happy event appears to have been hailed -throughout the whole Kingdom-with one universal feeling of sympathy and con- gratulations. It is, in every point of view, au auspicious event, which holds forth the prospect of domestic happiness to Her Majesty, and is of great importance, in a political view, to the country. The mar- riage union among princes, has been too often formed on pure political considera- tions, with little regard to those ties of affection by which alone happiness is ensured. The present is a happy exception to those cases-it is the result of mutual attachment, and has, therefore, every promise of future felicity. We observe that, throughout all the different towns of the Kingdom, public rejoicings have taken place. The day has been celebrated as a holiday-all ranks vieing with each other in demonstrations of respect and attachment to the Sovereign. For the particulars of this interesting ceremony, our readers are referred to the account which we have given from the London journals, which contain full details. Yesterday being the auspicious day appointed for the celebration of the nuptials of our young and Gracious Sovereign with her Royal Cousin Prince Albert of the House ot Saxe Coburg and Gotha, was celebrated as an universal holiday throughout the metropolis. The whole of its vast population seemed to be in motion from the earliest hour. As early as six o'clock in the morning, the bells at nil the principal churches in the me- tropolis ushered in the auspicious day with merry peals, and the flags were hoisted on the different towers as soon as day had fairlv broken. At a very early hour, crowds of anxious gazers were assembled in St James's Park, even so as early as six o'clock, numbers were already sta- tioned in the Mall, and near the entrance to the Palace The morning was blusterous, and a slight rain began to fall about seven Notwith standing this numbers of respectably dressed persons both males and female continued to pour into the Park from all quarters of the metropolis and cabs and coaches might be seen almost from day light pouring into the metropolis from every direction. At ten o'clock the rain fell in torrents, not withstanding which, the assemblage of visitors to the Park became more immense. Persons of all grades from various parts of the metropolis and its environs others from different parts of the country many of whom had come from a great distance, foreign officers with their decorations and orders were observed anxiously waiting to view the procession, and take a glance of the Royal Bride and Bridegroom. At half past ten o'clock the Foreign Ambassadors began to arrive in quick succession, most of whom were fondly greeted by the spectator The Park presented one mass of human beings it was estimated that there must have been at least fifty thousand persons present Most of the spectators wore white favours and in spite of the unfavourable weather and the wet and miserable state of the Park they waited with the greatest anxiety and good temper for the appearance of the procession. Hie iqmpnges of the Nobility Torcign Vm liiissiulors Xc were of a splendid description anil ehutiit the warmest marks of approbation Hie windows of the south end of St Jnmess sticctvverc crowded 1>\ tushioimbly attired fe males wurring xxhitc satin ubbons alni scarfs m honour ol the tlnx mid the gentlemen even ni the streets display id white rosettes of a tasteful description on their lu casts having n lily pi o jcitin__, fom Hie untre, and bearing in one of the bows t'i" Mints \iitont uni Ylbirt, in ¿old Uer Moy al Highness the Dm hess of kent unit tlic twelve Hiid< siiuuds were in ntteiuliiiiceupiiu lie Mqislv ii mi cnlv hour Hie PimccssSo pin i Matilti i of Ciloncistcr the Dm hess of Cam brittle tlic Pi mt ess Mary, unit the Princess Augusta of Cambridge the Dm hess of Glomes ter mid the Pinn ess Vtigiista also ninved enrlv ni the l'utile uiiilvvcicii lniittcilto ha Majesty s private iipaitmcuts I he I miles of the Heile himbci the Maids ol Ilonotu the Puges I pietrtes mut t'u piuiiiplc Oflid rs of Sttte took then places nu oídme, lo i then rank in the Sintis ol rooms mid ¿tileries lending lu the Queen s ipiirtm nts to the grund I hill Shoitiv bcfoic 12 o'doik the company having pieviously usscn bled in Uttckiti__,hiiiu Prdnic the front _, itcs were thrown open unit the college ot his Renal Highness Prince Ubert vvus seen ippioudting from the interior Hie suite mid follow i is of Ins Royal Ilurjuicss occupied light carnages Prince Vlhert bowed repented!; to tile speilatois who returned his salutations with xv i li onie plaudits 1 he Print c appeared highly gratified at the ctitluisius n His Rovul High ness xvns accompanied lix his father the Giautl Uttke and Prince liuest In i short time nfter the piocession of the brides, room had lieen received into the Chapel tint ol her Miqestx wns observed prociidmg in the same direction Her Mqcsty xvus rccctxcd willi enthusiastic shoutings along the whole line mid even one in tlic xast assemblage appealed anxious to testify his lovultx 1 loin tlic timcol her Mti|cstv s cntciing St Inuies's Palace Hie greatest uitciest appealed to be lilt hy the irovvd si j vxti s' 1 X1 vci Long before the honr appointed for opening tlic dooi s of tlic Chapel Uovnl to those distill guislicd personages and lncmheis of the haut ton xv ho bad obtained tlic I ord Chamberlain s tnkcts of admission to the Chapel llo\al mul the suite of stitc npn tments through which the royal piocession was to pass the avenues m the vici mt) of St Innes Palace xvcrcuoivdod xxith car linkes Ulled with the bcautx fiishion wealth and talent of the nation mid continued to sit down without intermission until half p ist eleven o docl tlic hour at winch it had been fixed the doors of tlic Clnpcl and Palme should be closed I he 1 oreign Ambassadors the Ministers ot Stuth and the members of the most lionoui able the Puvy Council xxcrc set down at tile cn trance in the Ambassador s Court and the "cue ral company either alighted at the great gate of tlic Palace, xxherc n covered xvax had been erected, to the Chapel Royal or at the levee entrance door near Mai thorough House Hie servants of the nobility andgentiy foi the most part wore their state hvciics and were decked with xv edduig fax oin s, and despite the unfavour- able tate ot the morning, the streets in tlic x icnutj of tlic Palace presented not only nu aiu uiutcd but x erv __,ny nppcirnnce Here, is m the pirks, the arrangements of the metropolitan foi ce were admirable, and the regulations xv ere so far as caine under our observation, implicitly obeyed by the drivers of the numerous vehicles brining spei tutors to xntncss the imgustnnd m tcresting i crcmonial Slioitly after bull past nine 0 clock tlic Cabinet Ministers began to arnyo, and us most of thcin were not lecogntsed hy the assembled thousoiids they elicited no notice eithci ofn ¡iliuditory oriondcmniitoiv charm ter 1 he Right lion the Chancellor of the Lxchcqucr wns amongst the earliest arrivals mid was foi lowed in succession by Viscount Melbourne, Lout Holland I ord John Russell the Marquis of Not numby, the Lout Chancellor (who came in state in three ciuiinges) Viscount Palmerston and I oui Morpeth At i leven o clock a squad ron of the Royal Horse Guards (Blue) headed by their band in full stutc uniforms entered tlic Park mid formed nt intcivals ulong tlic hue of loute the Centre Mall, and now the anxiety of the spcctfttois to secure sTtuations from vvlueli even a slight glance could be gained of the Roy ul procession was at its extreme height I rees were ascended lamp posts were mounted mid insecure footm__,s w ci e attained on tlic top of the iron railings by vv Inch the Park is enfiladed 1 lie roofs of Stationl House the Gute House, the Palace itself and Marlborough House, were crowded even to tlic chimney tops and as the ram had now subsided, the scene had now lie come altogether most heart stirling Presently u squadron ot the Life Guards with their splcn did hand took their station in the Court y nil next Mnrlboiough House mid m front ol the great gates nt the foot of St Imnes's street At halt pist eleven their Roy al Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince George und Piuiccss Atigustn of Cambridge arrived in state, escorted by a party of the I lfe Guards and their Roi ni Highnesses were loudly cheered on their progress through the Park, and vxere received by the gum 1 in tlic garden w itli the usual lion outs His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, followed n few moments afterwards, also escorted by u party of Life Guards, and his reception by the populace w is most enthusiastic and clicei mg Till Ctl X1 C1 ROI VL At nine o'clock the doors of the Chapel Roy al weietliroyyn open when the nobility and gentry, who had obtained the Lord Cb nnberlam s tie kcts of admission begun to ni i iv c Hie orí unge ments were most ndmunblc, mid the decorations ol the Chapel were distinguished for simple chastity combined xxilh elegance, there was no attempt at ostentatious displap while a pleasing harmony charactciiscd the whole I he nltar und haut pas which piesentcd the most interesting poition of the day s proceed- ings, iilttioiigh very limited in extent, had a very splendid uppiaiancc Hie whole was lined with crimson x civ et that poition ox er the communion table being hung with ni li festoons of crimson y civ et, edged with gold luce The Gothic pillars supporting thegnllcnes above weie gilt, as were tile mouldings of the oaken panels vv ere exposed , tlie Gothic railing around the communion tnble was ilso gilt The communion tibie itself uns cov ercd vv itli i rich profusion of gold plute, mid on euch side was u stool for the Archbishop of Can tcibury and tlic Bishop of London On the left limul side of the nltai, and on tlic haut pal as you udv meed up the ntslc under the gnllery, vieic fom stools, with footstools to match for the reception of then Royal Highnesses the Duke ot Sussex mid the Duke of Cunibri Ige, the Piincess Augusta and the Dutchess of Glouccstei, white on the opposite side were six stools of a like description, for tlic use of bei Royal Highness tlie Dutchess of Cambridge, the two Princesses of Cambridge Prince George of Cambridge, Prince Einest, tlie brother, und the reigning Duke of Suxe Coburg Gotha, the purent uf Pi ince Albei t On t ic left side of tlie nltnr, and in front of the four stools we have described, weie two state thans-tint next the railing of the alter for her M yestj, and that nennr to tlie aisle for her Royal Highness the Duchess ot Kent On the I opposite side were nlso two stell. .1 . , .*! .leMthe railins for l'rineV.Ï,'T'^I nearer the n sie foi- the DownT n ' nd ""» while close to the r^t^S^ laid stools for Her Mnj^ty and , '«f'4 used during the ceremony. The "hn, « Iff covered with a blue andgod r¿flw,( with the Norman rose. The reS "$À the interior, including the peivH »', scats in the galleries, and th Ä11 Gothic panels, scrolls, Ma mouldin« , " ' - being covered with erin,,,,,, «SÏ *, " coloured edges, and broad gold S ^ \ - The celling, which Intel been frcZT í! Í a:lor,.,!riwiththe.arn,ofGr:,B;i;1: noiiMoloiirci device» mid compártate ,L very tasteful appcftraiire.anatinrW from the windows on each side gave aï,,- * mellowness to the whole. pto'1 if .riic oolonndc through which the mA {i passed to the chapel was cxceedbiri/^ ¡1 tri veil and admirably lit from the l°a"tct ' u' :1 and the windows behind. The sí v ñ were separated from the pillared coloniT H dwarf railing, vvere covered vvitherirmnn,,,!,- \"! with gold coloured border, anilSrSt the remttimler of this temporary ¿J the semblance of having been const«J. . solid masonry. The floor of the colon* ¿Ï coverethvith nchnrusselscarpet, which ntailF into the vestibule, up the grand stnirca« to ti "? armoury, through the Presence Chamber ii Queen Anne s drawing-room, and thence tot I mitc-clmniher mid tliroiic-room, nhere ¿ Majesty's and Prince Albert's portion, til procession irmr.ilmllcd. The scats tlirtn,^ 2 erected for the nceoinnioiliitiou of the «nectfa J were covered with crimson cushions awl* M fringe, thus .sustaining utiiformitv thiwW ^ They were railed off from the lincof piw¿¿ li Seated near the haut-pas vvcre-the ti S Ladies Stafford, the Countess of llutfa, 'I the Duchess ol' I Itiiuilton, the Dukcof Wellinji ¡À the Duke of Sutherland, the Duke of Bftí« i the linke of Devonshire, the Countess of Ctfl ñ the Kuri of Carlisle, mid the Maranui 1 ii Anglesey. It wtis calculated that rather more than J h distinguished individuals vvere present, and i ft scene was perhaps the most brilliant s fi imposing ever witnessed in this or any tri £ country. The galleries were tlivitleil into 1 $ rompartments, each of which was under & % stiperiiitenrieiice of two military ofh>crs,jj»i4 M right to scuts was rcculnted strictly by CK jfe etiquette awl established precedence ¡ cou I cpicutly there was not the least confcioi â trouble occasinncrt by individuals taking poa || sion oí the places assigned them. '." The foreign Ambassadors and Ministers« ' ' pied the end of the gallery opposite the ill .-, Their dresses were of the most magnificent t; ."' costly description, anti they all wore the rae ; mid decorations of various" Orders. The h« £3 dresses of the Indies were most profiuclystmU 4 with jewels. The Speaker ol' the House of Conn« 4. arrived in state shortly afeter one o'clock.' The Cabinet Ministers were all in nltaita s before eleven o'clcck. They were nllircJi , the Windsor uniform of blue and gold. The Knights of the Gnrter were decon!; ,| with the splcnried insignia of that noble Olí C The Archbishop of Canterbury an«! li i \ Bishop of Loudon were early in attendance. The west gallery was under the super ^ tendance ol' Colonel Diggle and Captain Bod Î Amongst those who arrived first were the Éi | of Craven, Countess of Craven, Lady 3b í Compton, the Solicitor-General mid Lady, lo Ï Carrington, Lord Dalmeny, Earl of Derby,S!¡ | Davys, Countess of Huston, hurd Adot¡¿ | Fitwlnrcncc, Lady Louise Fitzroy, the Iii f Justice of the Common Pleas, Colonel Ft I Lady Mary Fox, Lord Frederick Gordon,ti ip Bishops of London mid Norwich, Lady Anjas | Gordon, Lord and Lady Robert Grown | Lic11t.-Gener.1l Hill, Lord Hill, Lord and Iii \ Lurgan, the Duke of Leeds, Lord Montó '? the "Marquis ol' Northampton, Lord Cito, ,j¡ the Bishop of Peterborough, Lord \ïfc J¡ Russell, Lady William Russell, Lord and br}% Seymour, Sir William mid Lady Soracni J Karl ol' Sefton, Countess of Sefton. Lord 5« «j and Sele, the Martinis of Tnvlstoik, Lordii | .Lady Worsley, the Marquis of Winchester, ti ft Marchioness of Winchester, the Vice Cb .-* ccllor, Lord Langdale, the Attomcy-Genm | Lord Denman, eve. ? Shortly after ten o'clock, the Peers and Pet ,1 esses arrived in rapid succession; it would! | "impossible to give their names ; suffice it to« .} that all the principal nobility of the land n .> present. The musical choir consisted of ten boys a | sixteen men, and wus under the superintend* j of Sir George Smart, who presided at theiss» j The Archbishop of CantcrburymidthcBiA) | of London took their station at the nltaralU j post clcveu o'clock. The Queen Dowager arrived ¡l few we 1 before twelve o'clock, mid took lier sent «au communion table. All present rose on tar Majesty's entering the Chapel, anti mm , standing until her Majesty desired then to» S seated. Her Majesty appeared in eiceW jj health auri spirits. 3 At ' lialf-pitst twelve the folding doors ot is g entrance of the Chapel were thrown open,» t immediately afterwards the drums and trw« - in the distance announced the approach of THE rnocr.ssios or TUB muoEOBoiii. Drums and trumpets. Serjeant Trumpeter. Master of the Ceremonies. . Tlic Bridegroom's Gentlemen of Honour, between two Heralds. Vice Chamberlain of her Majesty's lloiueW Lord Chamberlain of her Mnjesty.s House» THE BRIDEGROOM, Wearing the Collar of the Order of the G« Supported by their Serene Highnesses the Reigning Dilke of » Coburg and Gotha, and the Hereditary In« of Saxe Coburg mid Gotha. ( Each attended by Officer» of (he Suite, ni* ? Count Holowrnth, Baron Alvenslcbcn, m Baron de Lovvcnfcls. On entering the Chapel his M# was conducted to the seat provided for M« the left hand of the altar. II« »ppytej» Duke of Soxc Coburg and Gotha,and the» riditaiy Prince, with the Officers of to* occupied seats near Prince Albert. T » of the Ceremonies lind the Officers of del» groom stood near the person of 1» *». Highness. ". ,, u""U\ His Serene Highness wore **$*%, ""¡form, with large rosettes of vvhje * his shoi'ilders. There ira» a Oi«h en ^ as he entered the Chapel, while 1 wag dignified bearing and the cordial manner with which be greeted toe '« Peers and Peeresses around lum, « » «^ had been previously m^$*^%* and many of those around c.te « J J^ or hearts pronounced that Prince nu« consort worthy of Queen Victoria. .On reaching hi.»chair m tod rftte« J mttnion table, his Serene »'S'^SBI the Queen Dowager, and «fffi¡¡$», hand. He afterwar«s bowed to te A« J of Canterbury and the oil erClm^ *^ "round him, ami remained for »^L* iu,. The Queen Dowaser«! g^B his Serene Highness to lie:M ^ tcrcd into conversation with her, standing behind his chair. be,,¿, The Lord Chamberlain «nd^ ha* preceded by the drums and trumpets, returned to attend her Mujest). ^j. Her Majesty then proceeded to me » r the following order : TUB aour.N's PBOCCSSIOX. Drums and Trumpets Sergeant Trumpeter. ' Knight Marshal. Pursuivant* Heralds. Pages of Honour. ^ Equerry in Waiting, *ffil\vm, Groom in Waiting, *' f her Jil Comptroller of her Mo- Treas«« ¿'^.vKingofArms, 0^*^» Lord Privy Seal, Lord rre^ I Senior Gentleman Usher Quarterly Waiter. >,,,lo,,,a" Usher,") 0ftrteri «entier»,,.. Usher, ! "ass* hair uÄi Sword of State. The Earl Marshal. Her Royal Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda of Gloucester, Princess Mary of Cambridge, Princess Augusta of Cambridge. Prince George of Cambridge, Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, Attended by a lady of her Royal Highness's Household. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Attended by a Lady of her Royal Highness's Household. ' . ihr Roval Highness the Dutchess of Glou Ixttt«, Attended by a Lady of her Royal Iligh { licsn's Household. I Her Uoval Uiglnicss.Prhicoss Augusta, Utti'iidtd hy u Lady of her Royal Highness s j , Household. i j__B (¡oyal Hiirhncss the Duke of Ciinihridgc, j His «oval Highness the. Duke of. Sussex, i Euch attended bv a Gentleman of their Royal î Highness' Household. f Vire Chamber- The Sword ot Slate, Lord Cham ' lain of borne, by lierluniofHer Hrr Majesty's Lord Viscount Majesty's Household. Melhnuriie. Household. At a quarter to one o'clock, Her Majesty un \- tared the Cliapeh attended as follows : THE QUEEN, Wearing the Collars of her Orders. Her Majesty's Train borne by the following twelve unmarried Ladies, viz :— Lady Adelaide Paget, Lady Caroline Amelia Gordon Lennox, Lady Sarah Frederica Lady Elizabeth Anne Caroline Viliieis, Georgianna Dorotticti r How ard, Lady Frances Bliiiilirtlt Lady Ida Hay, Cowper, haily Kluiibi'th West, Lady Catherine Lucy * Wilhelmina Stiinlipoe, Ludy Mary Augusta Lady -lane Hmrriet Frederica Grimston, Bouverie, _ i_mir Jileanora Caroline Lady Mary Charlotte Pueet, Howard, Assisted hy the Groom of the Robes. Master ol' the Horse, Mistress of the Robes, The Kuri of Albermarle, The Dutchess of Slither (i.G.ll. lund. LADIES OF THE BEDCHAMBER. The Marchioness of Nor- The Dut h :ss of Bed maiihy, ford, The Countess of The Countess of Charlemont, Sandwich, Th* Downier Lady The Countess of Lyttleton, Burlington, rf.t The Lady Portman, The Lady Barham. THE MAIDS OF HONOUR. »The lion- Amelia The lion. The Hon. Caroliue * Murray, Harnett Pitt, Cocks, 'The lion. ílen- Tlie lion. Matilda , riettn Anson, l'oget, ' Tie lion. Hw- The Hon. Sarah Mnry '. rictt Lister, Cavendish. WOMEN OF THE BEDCHAMBER. I: Lftdv Harriett Viscountess \ Clive, Forbes, [ Lady Charlotte Lady Caroline 1 Copley, Barrington. ; Mrs. Brapd,' The Hon. Mrs. Lady Gardiner. ¡ Ctunpliell. Captiiiu Of the. 1 f Captain of the Yeomen of the I Gold Stick.-i Band of Geutlc . GiwrdH. J L mcn-ut-Arins. 5 Keeper of the Privy Purse, Six Gentlcmcii-ut-Arnis, Six Yeomen of the Guard to close the procession. On arriving at the entrance of the Chapel, the drums and trumpets filed off. The Gentlemen at-Arms remained out side the Chapel door, in the Anti-Chapel, during the ceremony. The Yeoman of the Guard remained at the foot of "jlic «tuircBNC, in the Anti- Chapel, during the ceremony. The respective persons composing ttii'*proces "provided for-them, the Princess mid Princesses 4>f the Blood Royal to the seats prepared for »hem on the Iíant-1'its; und the severn! Indies at- tendant upon the Queen to the ¿cuts provided near her Majesty's person. Her Majesty wore a magnificent lace robe and veil of the most exquisite workmanship. The only ornament on her head was a wreath of orange flowers, and a small diamond pin, by which the nuptial veil was fastened to her hair. Her train was of white satin, with a deep fringe of lace. Prince Albert met her Majesty at the Haut- Pas and conducted her to her seat on the right hand side of the altar. The appearance of the Chapel at this moment was extremely animated and interesting. The pursuivants, heralds, pages, and other attend- ants, all of whom wore wedding favours, occu- pied the lower part of the aisle, while, the back ground of the picture, a doorway, was filled up by officers of the guards on duty, who were grouped in a compact body, as far as the eye could reach, till their waving plumes and steel corselets were lost in the distance. Immediately around her Majesty's chair, were her twelve Maids of Honour, attired in virgin white, while in the centre sat her Majesty, " the leading star of every eye," Prince Albert standing on her right, and her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent on her left. A little further I'"$o tlie left stood the Duke of Sussex, tlie Duke \t_jOf Cambridge, Lord Melbourne, the Lord ''-Chancellor, and the otfier great ofliccrs of Mate. * Tile Archbishop of Canterbury having ad tvancod to the raits, tier Majesty and Prince -.Albert' approached lum, and the' service com J-TOenced.r fc "I require and charge you both, as ye will i -'answer nt the dreadful day of judgement, when little secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that JK either of you know any impediment why ye ¿towy not be lawfully joined together in m'atri ;JpKmy, ye do now confess it. For be ye well I .fUsured, that so many us arc coupled together ?fctherwiso than God's Word doth nlloiv, me fhot joined together by God; neither is the ma .trimony Inwlul." | When his Grace carne to the words 1 "Albert, wilt though have this woman to thy !*eddcd wife, to live together after God's or- dnance ki the holy, estate of Matrimony ? Wilt -thou love her, comfort her, honour, and keep _ner in sickness mid in health ; and forsaking nil ..thcr, keep thee only unto tier, so lout? as ve ¡both¡shall live?" » » J I His Royal Highness, in a firm tono replied "I *will." And when he said > "Victoria, wilt thou have Albert to thy wed jded husband, to live together > nfter God's or ¿«Pi in tlie holy estate of matrimony ? 'Wilt thou obey him, > and serve him, love, Jlonour and keep him in sickness and in hoalth ; «id, > forsaking ult other, keep thee ontytinto him, :»o long as ye both shall live > ?" . Her-Majesty looked up affectionately in Prince ".Alberts face, and replied, loud enough tobe \- "S? m evcryp«rt. of tlic chapel-«I will" j The Archbishop then said i "Who gtveth this woman to bo married to ! this man?" -} His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex ad- vanced, and taking her Majesty's hand, which ii ; he pweed in Prince Albert's, r Tlie service then proceeded-his Royal High. 'ne* repeating after the Arclihwho_ - ; " I, Albert, take thee Victoria to mv wedded «»ile, to have and to hold, from this day fonvard ,«?«. better for worse, for richer for poorer, in vii j _Md m health, to love and to cherish, pu death do us part, acsording to God'« holy vj«rdii«ncei and thereto I plight thoo my troth." r 1 ., ViiftJcsty then «peited the words Uk v' Vrtoriar to«* roc« Albert to my wedded Îïïî J * Vt0 have and to ,lold from ">is duv for- era, forbctter for worse, for richer for poorer, in ¿sickness and in health, to lowe, cherish, and to '}V«fy' i,dewh us (1° Part' according- to God's pîroth" Cej8nd U,eWto l give tliee my |î!__ * »an«*«1 which plainly showed that the cere- mony was one in which her whole heart was ¡n Verened. ? Prince Albert then placed the ring on her P,n8*r repeating ^,lW,hílí* rinS l thcc weil, with my body I S«^rblp'',mrt with a11 'W worldly goods I life>\ i-u thl» namc of the Fathcr7and of Wit I W,'d .°r'the Ho,y fihost- Amcsi.» s4)ltoTOi ptl,eA C0l,c,U(ied tlle scrvice M v " 0 Eternal God, Creator and Preserver of all Í mankind Gnu of nil »puituil ^iteeí the Atithoi of everlasting life send tin blessiuc upon tin t tbv servants \irlona anil Vlhcrl whian« lib ss ni tht illino thal, us Ismr mill Rib in livid fiutlilullv togethei so tin SP pci son m tv stn pi pci foi m mid ko p the vow u id coveiiint Iietvvivl thom made, whereof this un, ¿rvcu utliei cue I is a token mid phrigp andiniv iver lemaio in pci feet love and peace together mid live tit coi c1 nig to tli\ law í> thiongh Jes u Oin ist oui Loid Vmcn 1 hose whom Col bath joi icd togethir let no man put lsumlcr loitismudi as Albert ami Victoria have consented together m holv vvctllod and li ive witnessed tites une helóle (JO 1 mid «.his i ompntiy and then to have given and pledged then tioth eithei to otlu r mid Ii ive dei hut c1 the same b\ giving anil ice en nig of t nug mid bv jonuiuof bauds, 1 pionoume that they be niau nnd wile togethci In the u nut ol the lather and ol the von mid ol the Iloh ( h >st Un n God the minr God til" S m Gol the Iloh Ghost bless- picsrivp mid keep von the .Loid meteifullv vvjtb lies lavotir loo' upon von mid so lill von with all spiritu .' 'K 'U-''" t' "i mid 1,1 tee thitjemnv so lui tog her ni this lift (that m the vroil 1 to ionic \c mi) bivi lift everlasting \m ti Our Euthet windi mt ni heaven hallowed he thy mime Ihv lent J; IDHI cone I1 ty vvi'l be done in ctirtli as it is io heiven Give us this dav otu d ul\ blind Vu 1 forjive us our tuspnsses as vi fen give them that tnsjnss «¿itmst us, \nd I( ml tis no1 into temptation but delivci ni liom evil Viiitu Mis O I oui 'ive thy servant, and tin handmaid ' \vs 'Who put th ti ti list in thee MIN O 1 ord send them help Hot» th\ holy pi ii c A\\-< ' \nd cvermoic deli ntl them" Mis ' UP milo the m n towt i ot strength," ANS 1 lorn the 1 tee ol their ciipinv ' MIN O I oui heat oin pi net Vss 'And let our civ (onie tinto thee MIN O God of Wirrinun God of Is nu God of Tut ob bless these th) servants mid sow the seed ol denial lue in then heail» that vv i itso ever in tin boh Wotri IIIPV shall piolitthlv lenin tbev m iv indeed lullil th" «ame I o ile O I ord, inert ilullv upon the m fiom htiivcn anti bless them Yncl as thou didst send tbv blessing upon Aliiiham and Sar di to their ,'it iteonfort so vom bs ile to spud tbv blessing upon tin st tin SPIV mils tluit thtv obeying tin will anil nil« tv s bein ' in stletv nuclei thv putee lion min abide in tin love unto th ti lives euri thion^'i Jesus ( bust our Loid Vinei ' While the s vue was pi te ding hoi "M lit st\ vvnsobse iiellolookliiqiicntlv at Punce Uljcrt I who was stand m j; ut her ade I Ihe strut having eoiicliulecl the spveiil mtuibeis ol the Royal 1 ainilv vvh ) had oct upitcl pluies niound the Vlttu letiiinctl to take up their positions ni the piotession On pissing her Mnjcst,, thev ill paid their congiitul liions mid the Duke ot Susse* alter sh iking lici bv the band m a manuel which appealed to lum little ( cr« monv liiitwithiordi ilitv III it lillee tiou utely 1 tsscel her dieev Vfter ii had pissed with the cucption o! the Royd Ilude and Biulegioom bei Mujcstv stepped luusttlv moss to the ot'te t side of the trite- vvhcie the Queen Dovvagei was stauiliiier, and kissed bei Punic Vlbtit then took her Mijcst\ shuni and the Ro) ii pair left the chapel, all the spectu tots standing We are not quite sure ot the fad hut itsttuck us chut although lui Mti|est\ went thiough hu part ol the ccicmony with tnia/uig di/uitv mid self possession whilst the Vidibishop w is reuil nig the eoncltttlmg piavcisnul ailiuonition she shed a tem or two Certain it is that she applied lui her haukeiiliicf at tilt conclusion oi the Aiehbishop s adeliess mid whilst a loyous and tillable snub illumined her M ijtstv s features it vv is prcttv evident thittlic emotion within her bosom was of no oiriin uy « hurte tei, While the pioeession was pioetedny down the aisle bei M i|cstv spoke frequently to the 1 arl of Iktn nitre who was oi hci light hand appnie utlv giving directions as to the oi lu of the procession Vltei the ceremony the procession returned through the suite of npaitmeiitsalicadv desci theil her Mnjcst) and hci illusluous tonsoit walking hnnd m linnd mci neknovlcdaed with gimióos smiles the cheeis with which the walls of the iincieiit P dace now re echoed foi vt mu t be observed that vv i thin the Palace there were no acclamations ns the piotession pissed on its vvav to the Chapel Till VTT1 STATION On reaching the I lu one room the form ofnt testntion took pim o when her Mnjcstv and Prince Albert signed the m linage ie,istPi which was attested h\ the members of the Roval Funulv and oflieersof state pi cscnt A splendid tnblc lind been picpircri foi the purpose and this put ol the ecicmoiH, with the m i^nihcicnt tcsscnibltigc bv which it wieswitnesseil presented one of the most aospit ions spectacles of the ela) Having remained a shoit time ni the ltoyol Closet hci Mujcstv and the Prince returned m the same Carriage from the Royal G trelen ol St James s to buckingham Paine c and the gene lous greeting windi burst fiom the clouds whose numbera the pelting nun lind not cliiniu lshccl, si em to be in a gieat measure addiesscd to the em of Prince -Vlbeit, vv -o ae kuowlcdgcel the kindness evidenth with deep feelni-, WID11IN.0 HIlC.VKl'ASrr A weeleliug repast wits picptued at wmih several of the illustrious paiticipatots in the previous ceiemony, and the ollie ers of the Household ftiielMnusteis of Sitte, were present It is needless to say that the tiste und ingénu ity of the ( oufectioncrs und table deckeis vvere piomincutlv displayed at the festival u splendid wedding rake forming u prominent object of atti action 1 he guests invited vvere the Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Cobiug, the Punte Lincst the Duke of Norfolk Duke -uni Duchess of Badford, Duke and Duchess of btitheiland, besides a large number of other Peers five gentlemen of the Duke of Coburg's suite foin of Prim e Alberts and the Maids of Honoui to the Queen Among others picsent weie the Duchess of Kent, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Duke of Sussex Duchess of Gloucester, Prince George of Cnmbrid.ce the Prim c«s Augusta of Ciunbnelgc, the Princess Sophia Matilda the Aiehbishop of Canterbury I oui Melbourne, Lord lohn Russell, ond the Tathei ind Biothei of the Punie After partaking of the sumptuous thjeimc, the Rov al Bridal P irt) set out for Wiudjot nltcndeil by the military and on the load thev were giecteel bj assembled thousands with the sime affection and coiriiahty with the inhabit nits of the metropolis mi aurps's DRESS Her Majestj the Queen wot e on her head a wreath of orange blossoms attela veil of Honiton Ince, with a necklace and cm rings of diamonds Her Majesty's dress was of white satin with ii ?very deep ti miming of Honiton lace in design si milm to that of the veil Hie boriv md sleeves were richly trimmed with the same mntciial to correspond. The train was of white satin, and was also lined with white satin, trimmed with orange blossoms. The dress was made by Mrs. Bettans, her Majesty's dressmaker. The cost of the lace alone on the Queen's dress was £1000. The satin which was of a pure white was manufactured in Spitalfields. Her Majesty wore an armlet having the motto of the order of the Garter " Honi soit qui mal y pense," inscribed, and also wore the star of the Order. The Iace of Her Majesty's bridal dress though popularly called Honiton lace, was really worked at the village of Beer, which is situated near the sea coast, about ten miles from Honiton. It was executed under the direction of Miss Bidney, a native of the village who went from London, at the command of her Majesty, for the express pur- pose of superintending the work. More than two hundred persons were employed upon it from March to November during the past year. The lace which formed the flounce of the dress measures four yards, and is three quarters of a yard in depth. The pattern is a rich and exquisitely tasteful design, drawn expressly for the purpose, and surpasses any thing that has ever been executed either in England or in Brussels. So anxious was the manufacturer that her Majesty should have a dress perfectly unique, that she has since the completion of the lace destroyed all the designs. The veil, which is of the same material, and is made to cor- respond, afforded employment to the poor Iace-workers for more than six weeks. It is a yard and a half square. Among the morning dresses ol the Queen's trousseau is one of very beautiful design, en- tirely made of Honiton lace, with handsome fIounces, and worn over white silk. The lace of this dress was made by Mrs. Clarke of Honiton. 