THE CLOCK CASE. A CONFESSION FOUND IN A PRISON IN THE TIME OF CHARLES THE SECOND. I held a lieutenant's commission in His Ma- jesty's army, and served abroad in the cam- paigns of 1677 and 1678. The treaty of Nimeguen being concluded, I returned home, and retiring from the service, withdrew to a small estate lying a few miles east of London, which I had recently acquired in right of my wife. This is the last night l have to live, and I will set down the naked truth without disguise. I was never a brave man, and had always been from my childhood of a secret, sullen, distrust- ful nature. I speak of myself as if I had passed from the world, for while I write this my grave is digging, and my name is written in the black book of death. Soon after my return to England, my only brother was seized with mortal illness. This circumstance gave me little or no pain, for since we had been men we had associated but very little together. He was open hearted and generous, handsomer than I, more accom- plished, and generally beloved. Those who sought my acquaintance abroad or at home because they were friends of his, seldom attached themselves to me long, and would usually say in their first conversation that they were surprised to find two brothers so unlike in their manners and appearance. It was my habit to lead them on to this avowal, for I knew what comparisons they must draw between us, and having a rankling envy in my heart, I sought to justify it to myself. We had married two sisters. This additional tie between us, as it may appear to some, only estranged us the more. His wife knew me well. I never struggled with any secret jea- lousy or gall when she was present but that woman knew it as well as I did. I never raised my eyes at such times but I found hers fixed upon me; I never bent them on the ground or looked another way but I felt that she over- looked me always. It was an inexpressible relief to me when we quarrelled, and a greater relief still when I heard abroad that she was dead. It seems to me now as if some strange and terrible foreshadowing of what has hap- pened since must have hung over me then. I was afraid of her, she haunted me, her fixed and steady look comes back upon me now like the memory of a dark dream, and makes my blood run cold. She died shortly after giving birth to a child —a boy. When my brother knew that all hope of his own recovery was past, he called my wife to his bedside and confided this orphan, a child of four years old, to her pro- tection. He bequeathed to him all the property he had, and willed that in case of the child's death it should pass to my wife as the only acknowledgment he could make her for her care and love. He exchanged a few brotherly words with me deploring our long separation, and being exhausted, fell into a slumber from which he never awoke. We had no children, and as there had been a strong affection between the sisters, and my wife had almost supplied the place of a mother to this boy, she loved him as if he had been her own. The child was ardently at ached to her; but he was his mother's image in face and spirit, and always mistrusted me. I can scarcely fix the care when the feeling first came upon me, but I soon began to be un- easy when this child was by. I never roused myself from some moody train of thought but I marked him looking at me : not with mere childish wonder, but with something of the purpose and meaning that I had so often noted in his mother. It was no effort of my fancy, founded on close resemblance of feature and expression. I never could look the boy down. He feared me, but seemed by some instinct to despise me while he did so; and even when he drew back beneath my gaze—as he would when we were alone, to get nearer to the door—he would keep his bright eyes upon me still. Perhaps I hide the truth from myself, but I do not think that that when this began I meditated to do him any wrong. I may have thought how serviceable his inheritance would be to us, and may have wished him dead, but I believe I had no thought of compassing his death. Neither did the idea come upon me at once, but by very slow degrees, presenting itself at first in the dim shapes at a very great distance, as men may think of an earthquake or the last day—then drawing nearer and nearer, and losing something of its horror and improbability—then coming to be part and parcel, nay, nearly the whole sum and substance of my daily thoughts, and resolving itself into a question of means and safety—not of doing or abstaining from the deed. While this was going on within me, I never could bear that the child should see me looking at him; and yet I was under the fascination which made it a kind of business with me to contemplate his slight and fragile figure, and to think how easily it might be done. Some- times I would steal upstairs and watch him as he slept ; but usually I hovered in the garden, near the window of the room in which he learnt his little tasks, and there, as he sat upon a low seat beside my wife, I would peer at him for hours together from behind a tree, starring like the guilty wretch I was at every rustling of a leaf, and still gliding back to look and start again. Hard by our cottage, but quite out of sight, and (if there were any wind astir) of hearing too, was a deep sheet of water. I spent days in shaping with my pocket knife a rough mo- del of a boat, which I finished at last, and dropped in the child's way. Then I withdrew to a secret place which he must pass if he stole away alone to swim this bauble, and looked there for his coming. He came neither that day nor the next, though I waited from noon till nightfall. I was sure that I had him in my net, for I had heard him prattling of the toy, and knew that in his infant pleasure he kept it by his side in bed. I felt no weariness or fatigue, but waited patiently, and on the third day he passed me, running joyously along, with his silken hair streaming in the wind, and he singing—God have mercy upon me!—singing a merry ballad, who could hardly lisp the words. I stole down after him, creeping under cer- tain shrubs which grow in that place, and none but devils know with what terror I, a strong full grown man, tracked the footsteps of that baby as he approached the water's brink. I was close upon him, had sunk upon my knee and raised my hand to thrust him in, which he saw my shadow in the stream and turned him round. His mother's ghost was looking from his eyes. The sun had burst forth from behind a cloud : it shone in the bright sky, the glisten- ing earth, the clear water, the sparkling drops of rain upon the leaves. There were eyes in everything. The whole great universe of light was there to see the murder done. I know not what he said; he came of bold and manly blonde and child as he was, he did not crouch or fawn upon me. I heard him cry that he would try to love me—not that he did ; and then I saw him running back towards the house. The next I saw was my own sword naked in my hand and he lying at feet stark dead— dabbed here and there with blood, but other- wise no different from what I had seen him in his sleep—in the same attitude too, with his cheek resting upon his little hand. I took him in my arms and laid him—very gently now that he was dead—in a thicket. My wife was from home that day and would not return until the next. Our bed-room window, the only sleeping room on that side of the house was but a few feet from the ground, and I resolved to descend from it at night and bury him in the garden. I had no thought that I had failed in my design, no thought that the water would be dragged and nothing found, that the money must now lie waste, since I must encourage the idea that the child was lost or stolen. All my thoughts were bound up and knotted together, in the one absorbing neces- sity of hiding what I had done. How I felt when they came to tell me that the child was missing—when I ordered scouts in all direction—when I gasped and trembled at every one's approach, no tongue can tell, or mind of man can conceive. I buried him that night. When I parted the boughs and looked into the dark thicket, there was a glow-worm shining like the visible spirit of God upon the murdered child. I glanced down into his grave when I had him placed there, and still it gleamed upon his breast—an eye of fire looking up to heaven in supplication to the stars that watched me at my work. I had to meet my wife, and break the news, and give her hope that the child would soon be found. All this I did—with some appearance, I suppose, of being sincere, for I was the object of no suspicion. This done, I sat at the bed- room window all day long, and watched the spot where the dreadful secret lay. It was in a piece of ground which had been dug to be newly turfed, and which I had cho- sen on that account, as the traces of my spade were less likely to attract attention. The men who laid down the grass must have thought me mad. I called to them continually to ex- pedite their work, ran out and worked beside them, trod down the turf with my feet and hurried them with frantic eagerness. They had finished their task before night, and their I thought myself comparatively safe. I slept—not as men do who wake refreshed and cheerful ; but I did sleep—passing from vague and shadowy dreams of being hunted down, to visions of the plot of grass, through which now a hand, and now a foot, and now the head itself was starring out. At this point I always woke and stole to the window to make sure that it was not really so. That done, I crept to bed again, and thus I spent the night in fits and starts, getting up and lying down full twenty times, and dreaming the same dream over and over again, which was far worse than lying awake, for every dream has a whole night's suffering of its own. Once I thought the child was alive and that I had never tried to kill him. To wake from that dream was the most dreadful agony of all. _________ ADELAIDE: Printed and published for the Proprietors by Hubert Thomas & Co., at their Printing Offices, Hindley- street where all orders, advertisements, and communications to the Editor must be addressed. Agents: Mr. Platts, Gilles-areade, Adelaide. Mr. Abbott, North Adelaide. Mr. S.P. Cooper, Hindmarsh. Mr. Duncan, Port Adelaide. 