Statement of the Committee of the Church Missionary Society, relative to the Nero Zealand Mission. (Concludedfrom our last.) The following is the testimony of Mr Marsden, given on his last visit to New Zealand in the early part of 1837. Ile thus reviews the Mission, twenty-three years after its commencement, in a letter dated April 1837: " When I left Hokianga, a number (of natives) accompanied me-upward of seventy. Some met us from Waimate. Wa had to travel about foi ty miles, by land and water, 'lim road lay through a very thick wood. The nat ves carried me, on some- thing like a hammock, for twenty miles. We reached Waimate as the sun went duwn : where we were kindly received by the Rev. W. Williams, and his colleagues. One principal chief, who had embraced the Gospel, and had bren baptized, accompanied us all the way, Ile told me he was so unhappy at Hokianga that he could nat get to converse with me, from the crowds that attended ; but that he had come to Waimate to speak with me. I found him to be a very intelligent man, and anxious to know the way to Heaven, t met with numbers, wherever I went, who were anxious after the knowlsdge of God. I was much pleased to find, that wlierevtr I went 1 found that some who could read and write. Church Service has beentianslated into the native language, with the Catechism Hymns, and some other useful pieces. They are all fond of reading; and there are many who have not had an oppor Innity of a'tending the .Schools, who neveitlieless can read. Tiley teach one another m all parts of the country, from the North to the East Cape. I he prospect of success to the Mission is very great. Since my arrival at the Missionary Station 1 have not heard one oaili spoken, either by European or Native. The Schools and Church are well at- tended ; and the greatest order is obitrvtd among all elaue». " In the midst of all the miseries of war, God is prospering the Mission. _ Since my «'rival, I have visited many of the Stations within the compass of a hundred miles, and have observed that a wonder- ful change has taken place within the last seven years. The portion* of the Sacred t* which have been printed bave had a most astonish- ing effect. They are read by the Natives at every place where 1 have been. The Natives teach one anetlier, and find great pleasure in the Word of God, and carry that sacred treasure witb them wlierewer they go. Great nnmpers have been bap- tized, both Chiefs and their people. 1 have met with some pious Chiefs, who have been invited by Pomare and Titore to join them in their present war; but they have refused.' I met with one pious Chief who had been a great warrior, and was severely wounded in aotion the very day I arrived in New Zealaml on my last visit, who informed me that Titore had sent for him, but that he would fight no more. I visited his Station : he has built a neat clean place of Public Worship, which is visited by the Missionaries: in this be teaches school, as well as bis son. 1 am at present at Waimate, which was formerly one of the most war- like dittricta in the island ; and I could not learn that one 'individual bad joined the contending paitie*. Waimate is the most moral and orderly El are I ever was in. A great number of the in abitantt, for soma miles, bare been baptized, and live like Christians. There are neither riot* nor drunkenness, neither .«rearing nor quarrel* s but all i* order tad peace. Ihe same effect» I have ob* served to be ' produced by the Scriptures, and la- bours of the Missionaries, in other districts. My own mind has been exceedingly gratified with what 1 have seen and heard ; and I have no doubt that New Zealand will become a civilized nation. 1 consider the Missionaries, a9 a body, very pious prudent, and laborious mn; and that they and their child i en are walking in the admonition of the Lord, BO as to mate them a national blessing, when they have finished their labouis." It has been already stated, that the Rev. F. Wilkinson visited New Zealand with Mr. Marsden, in 1837. Mr. Wil- kinson afterward came to England. On his arrival in London, he called at the Church Missionary House, in reference to this visit. He said that he had gone thither willi the impression that the pro- gress of the mission had been exaggerated, and that he had therefore closely scru- tinized its circumstances with these views and feelings, he found that its actual ad- vancement exceeded what hail been re- presented in New South Wales. The following passages from Mr. Wil- kinson's evidence before the Lords' Com- mittee on the Islands of New Zealand i.lustrate the progress of the mission : " * Do you think that the Missionaries have been of gre.it service in New Zeal icd V " ' Of very great service ; immense service. I look upon the northern patt of the island as a Christian People. Theie are individuals who are not Christians ; but they are, gene'ally, Christians. They observe theJSunday very s lictly.' " ' Do you think the Missionaries have much in- fluence witli the Natives ' " ' Very great.' '. ' They are willing to exercise it at all times, to make peace between the Natives?' " ' 1 think so, entirely.' # " Your answer applies both to the Church Mis. s'onary S cieiy and the WesleyansV " ' lioth of them ' . ..'Had jou an opportunity of visiting any SCIK.OIB, which had been lormedby ihe Missionaries'!" " ' Yes ; 1 lived willi Mr. Williams at Wiamate one of the Missionaries : his lady had a school which I witnessed almos', every day.'* " ' Your opinion is, that the labour of the Mis- sionaries hat, (flfecieil a great dial of good in Christiuniz'ng the country ?' '? ' A very great deal. I was quite astonished, (hough 1 had been so neat them. 1 did not believe, tlm extent to which it had gone.'f " ' Had you an opportunity of observing whether among the Natives who had not the advantage of being visited at all by the Missionaries, there was any notion of Religion ? "'The second night that I slept in the bush, in New Zealand,! came toa Native's house! and was exceedingly tired. He hedged of me to stop there, ane made me verv comfoitable indeed. They gave me a clean blai.ku and plenty of fein to sleepon ; which I did. After llieir supper (which was po- tatoes) they gotther Hook down (their Testament) ihe most of them had a Testament-and read a chapter out of tue Testament, and the family col- lected round, and afterwards they line't and prayed and then we retired to test. lu the same way they began the next Morning That man was not a baptised Christian, but he was a Christian. I have seen him at the Service allerward ; but he had not been baptized, nor any of bia family. Ile belonged to the Church Missionary Stations at Wiamate.' " The Lord Bishop of Australia visited the mission at the end of last year, at the instance of the Committee. On his de- parture from New Zealand, he delivered an address to the Missionaries, and one to the Christian natives. To the Missionaries he said, January 5, 1839 Through the blessing of its Great Head upon your Missionary labours, and by the operation of the Holy Ghost giving the increase, a visible body of believers is here collected out of the dark places of heathenism, to whom none of the outward ordi- nances and me ins of grace are now wantiug." The Christian natives he thus ad- dressed— " Though you are sprung from a different family and your forefathers long continued si rangers to us, ami we to |hem, it affords me great satisfaction io call you brelhieii, because you have enteied into the fellow-hip of the same Gospel with ourselves Ye are all the children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. For ns many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Chiut. There is neither Jew nor Greek: there is neither bond nor free: there is neither male nor female : for ye are alt one in Chi ist Jesus. It is with a perpetual cause of joy, unit a sufficient reward lor all the labour thal has been bestowed among you, and you are become par bakers of i he common salvation through faith in the aon of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached tmoung yuu by those ministers through whom ye Selieved. " It is my duty, and a principal part of my office, to remind you, tb.it in your baptism you maile a solemn promise that you would renounce the world and the flesh, and the devil: and by the laying on of hands upen such of you as were suitably pre pared and disposed, according" to the custom prac- tised by the Apostles of our Lord, 1 have endea- voured to stablish, strengthen, and settle you in tuis faith ; praying on behalf of every one of you, that God will ' defend you with his heavenly grace, that you may continue His fur ever, and dany in creake in Hi* Holy Spirit more ami more, until yon come to HU everlasting kingdom."' After the return of the Bishop of Aus- tralia to Sydney, he addressed to the Com- mittee a letter, March 28ih, 1839, detail- ing his proceedings in New Zealand, relative to the Mission ; and fully stating his views as to its state, and the measures which its present circumstances call for. From that very important and valuable communication the Committee extract the following passages, illustrative of his Lord- ship'^ candid judgment, both of the pro- gress of the Mission, and of the character of the Missionaries. His Lordship states " It is in my power, I think, effectually to con- tradict the assertions of th» adversary and the scuffer, who bave sometimes gone the length of affirming", that the attempt to Christianize the people of this nation haB been a failure ; that nothing has been done. On the other band, I shall not suffer my admiration of that which has really been effected to burry me into an unqualified approval of every thing couneoted with the establishment of the Mis- sion, or the operations of the Missionaries; nor to deter me from pointing out any particulars in which I think there is room for improvement." Accordingly, in the letter of the Bishop, which will appear ,as early as possible in the Church Missionary Record, it will be seen that he has pointed out a want of a due regard, on the part of the Missiona ries, to the improvement of the personal habits of the Christian Natives, and ad- verted to their yet imperfect character; while the following passages bear ample testimony to the favourable impression of the general state of the Mission produced on his Lordship's mind by his visit. '* They [the native candidates for confirmation.] were carefully and perseveringly examined by the Clergymen, as to their degree of acquaintance with the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Command- ments. They wera living in all apparent godliness and honesty,, under the constant observation, it mny be said, of the entire Mission ; and no evil heart of unbelief 'had betrayed itself among them. They drew near in a very earnest and bumble spirit, de-, siiingto partake of this rite, as a means of grace; the nature of it having been previously explained to them in the fullest terms I therefore, with, I trust, not a misplaced confidence, laid my bands on them, receiving from them a ratification of-the promises made in their baptism ; and I regard the * "'Minutesof Evidence taken before the Lords Committee," p. 98. t Ibid, 100. * Ibid. p. 97. day on which this full ndmis-ion of them into the fold of Christ took placo, us marking a very me. morablo era, both in mv own life, and in the annals of the New Zealand Church. God grnnt.llmt they may indeed daily increase in His Holy Spirit more and more, until they come to his everlasting king- dom !" Again :— " At every station which T personally visited, the converts were so numerous, as to bear n very visible and considerable proportion to the entire population ; and I bad sufficient testimony to cou vince me that the same stale of things prevailed at other places, wbioh it was not in my power to reach. " As the result of my inspection, T should state, that in most of the native villages, called l'as, in which tlio Missionaries buve n/ooting, there is II building1 containing one room, superior in fabric and dimensions to (he native residences, which ap- pear* to he set apart as their pines for assembling for religious worship, or to rend the Scriptures, or to receive the exhortations ol' tho Missionaries in these buildings generally, but sometimes in the open air, the Christian classes were assembled before me. I'be grey-baircd man, and the aged woman, tool, their pinces, to road, nod to' undergo examination, among their descendants of the second and third generations. The Chief and the slave stood aide by side, with the same holy volume in their bands and exerted their endeavours ea-h to surpass the other in returning proper answers to the questions put to them concernios what they liad been reading. These assemblages 1 encouraged on nil occasions, not only from the pleasu e which the exhibition itself lifTorded, but because I was thus enabled, in the most certain and satisfactory way, to probe the extent of their attainments and improvements " The experience thus acquired has induced me to adopt the habit of applying the term ' convons' to those alone-for ninny such I found there were -who, in the apparent sincerity of their convic- tions, and in the sufficiency of their information, compared with their opportunities of acquiring it, may be considered Christians iuileed " With regard to the Missionaries and Catechists, the Bishop writes " I must offer a very sincere and willing testi- mony of their miintuining a conversation such as becomes the Gospel of Christ, and the relation in which they stand to it, as the professed guidas and instructors of those who are, by their agency, to he retrieved from the service of sin. Their habits of life are devotional ; thev are not puffed up with self-estimation ; but appeared to me willing to leurn, as well as apt tnteicli; und among them- selves, they up|.ear to be drawn together by a spirit of harmony, which is, I hope, the sincere effusion of their hearts, prompted by that Spirit, of which love, gentleness, and goodness, are among the most delightful fruits. It is upon the continuance of this spirit among themselves that 1 raise my principal expectations of their continued success among the natives. Without unanimity, there can be no sue cessful combination of their exe lions ; nor is any blessing upon them to be hoped fur. such as has hitherto visibly attended them, und iu a very ample measure." In another part of his letter, the Bishop adds— " I have already spoken my sentiments as to the genet al character and deportment of the Mission- aries; in which observations, I should wish it to be uudeistood, it is my intention to include the Lay Catechists no less than the Clergy. All appeared to me, so fur as I was able to judge, to be animated by a good spirit, und a desire, according to their several abilities, to work the work of God." The Bishop thus concludes his letter " I am happy in thinking, that, by my late visit to the Mission, a foundation of regard and confidence has been luid between the members of it and my- self which, through the Divine Blessing, may tend much to facilitate any future proceedings connected witb its extension. Upon any subject, concerning which the Society may be anxious to consult me, I »ball always be prepared to offer the most candid opinion, und to give the best advice in my power. My heart and hope are fixed earnestly upon the success of this holy undertaking ; the fruit of which, I trust, will be, to spread abroad'the knowledge of the Truth, sod to bnug many souls to eternal salva, tion, happiness, nud glory, through our Lord JOMUS Christ." Views of the British Government re- specting New Zealand - Proposed Church Mi sionary Deputa- tion to the Mission. In the present state of things in New Zealand, the Committee see much cause for solicitude. Her Majesty's Govern- ment has come to the determination to interpose the British Sovereignty in New Zealand, and to acquire the cession of portions of the island, by treaty with the Chiefs, with the especial ciew of affording protection to the natives against wrongs and aggressions on the part of British subjects. In reply to an inquiry of Sir Robert H. Inglis, the Right lion. H. Labou- chere, then Under Secretary of State for the Colonies, made the following official statement on the subject : - " In answer to the question of the bon. member, I beg to state, that, in oonsequence of various cir cumstances, 'Government has come to the deter, mination of taking steps which will probably lead to the establishment of a British Colony in that country, as the number of British subjects there renders the establishment of some authority abso- lutely necessary ; but, as those measures are still incomplete, I trust the bon. Baronet will excuse me from entering further into t bem. A number of per- sons havo gone out to Mew Zealand ; and ia order to protect the aborigines, and for the maintenance of good order, it bus been thought fit that mensures should be taken to establish legal authority in the island. "With regard, to the Now Zealand Land Com panies, I need hardly assure théhon.'gentleman that these Companies could not h ive been hitherto re- cognised by the Government, They have sent expeditions from this country on their own respon sibili'y, and without any sanction from the Govern- ment; at the same time, an explicit declaration was made to them, that, in any futuro step which the Government might take with reference to" New Zealand, it would not consider itself bound to re cognise any title to land that might be set up, which f should appear to be fraudulent or excessive. " I feel it better to give this explanation, because I perceive by the newspapers, that various schemes bave been projected relative to the island. Al- though, in the event of a British Colony being established in New Zealand, the Government would by no means discourage emigration to it which would be conducted in a manner not to interfere witb the rights of the aboriginal inhabitants, or with any titles to land which shall have been fairly acquired ; yet, at the same time, it is necessary that parties should understand, that, in the case of land acquired from the aborigines-a class quite unable to protect, properly, their own interest-it is the duty of Government to protect ibein ; and to see that na title to land be set up, which, as I before .aid, should appear either fraudulent or excessive."* The Committee having long pressed on Government the obligation to take mea- sures on behalf of the natives of New Zealand, feel strong satisfaction that this has at length been done. While it will be' the duty of the Missionaries to limit themselves more cautiously than ever to their appropriate work, the Committee will rejoice to find their legitimate influence rendered subservient to the social and religious welfare of the natives in the new circumstances in which they are about to be placed. The steps taken to locate large bodies of settlers in New Zea'and must' likewise needs have an important bearing on the mission. Toward these parties, it will be the duty of the Missionaries to con- duct themselves in a kind and friendly manner, at the same timo that they rigidly * " Mirror of Parliament," June 20, 1839. abstain from mixing themselves up with, their plans and proceedings. The progressive enlargement of the mission to its present extent-especially in the new circumstances "in which it must hereafter he carried on-and Ibe arrangements of an ecclesiastical nature to which the Committee look forward as the result of the Bishop's visit, call for modification in the administration of the mission, an-werable to its advanced state and altered circumstances. The amounr, to«, to which the expen- diture of the mission has of late risen, demands investigation, especially in the aotual state of the society's finances, without any imputation on the Mission- aries hy whom its affairs have been locally administeted. The Committee have, there/ore, come to the determination to send a deputation to New Zealand, composed of one clergy- man and one layman, in oider to a thorough investigation of its whole state and circumstances, and with the view to such arrangements, both secular and ecslesia«tical, as its situation and that of the island may demand. The Mision aries themselves feel the need of such a measure, and call for its adoption. In these circumstances, the Committee are most solicitous to engage the services of two suitable persons for the objects above specified, with as little delay as possible. The Committeec, in conclusion, ear- nestly solicit the prayers of their friends, that the great Head of the Church may be pleased so to provide for the wants of the mission, in its present critical situa- tion, as that its future operations may ¡prove eminently conducive to His glory, in promoting both the temporal and eter nal welfare of this interesting people in the momentous change which they are i about to pass through. WILLIAM JOWETT, THOMAS VOUES, J Secs. DANDESON COATES, ) Church Missionary House, November 29, 1839. 