ON TIIE WANDERINGS OF TIlE HUMAN MIIND,-No. 25. S?'e know that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father in as perfect a manner as the Son. The Son ,proceeds frm the Father by generation : and how dues the Iholy Ghost proceed from himr? Who can explain it ? No mortal nan : anl I am ignor. ant if the Angelic Spirits can."-BossuEr. Rln. EDIron-Tlhe chief and only difficulty of any importance that the arrogant Photius could ad duce against the pope and the Latin Church, was that of teaching " that the Holy Ghost proceedeth from the Father and the Son." lie dared to call that doctrine the " height of impiety" --a doctrine not given to man to comprehend; no more than he can comprehend that the " Son is begotten of the Father from eternity." Photius, however, did not long enjoy his usurped power to do mischief, for as soon as Basil the Macedonian succeeded to Michael, who was cut off by his guards in a state of intoxica tion, he issued an order for the banishment of Pho tius, and for the restoration of Ignatius. after nine years' exile and heroic sufferings. At his solicita tion, and with the consent of Basil, Pope Adrian II. convened the eighth general council, which was opened in the church of St. Sophia, at Constanti nople, in 869, wherein the pope presided by his le gates over one hundred and two bishops. Thecoun cil held by Photius was condemned-the schismatic himself, after a long hearing, was excommunicated, and those who adhered to him were, upon confess ing their fault, admitted to penance, and Ignatius honourably restored to his see. Photius was then banished by order of the emperor, but after the lapse of eight years, he flattered the emperor's vanity by tracing up his pedigree to Tiridates, King of Ar menia, and certain other old Thracian heroes, and thus obtained leave to return to Constantinople. On the death of Ignatius, in 878, Photius, with a band of armed men, took forcible possession of the church of St. Sophia, and the emperor solicited Pope John VIII. to consent to his restoration for peace' sake, and the reunion of men's minds. The pope consented on condition of his begging pardon for his past crimes in a synod, and sent legates to preside at a council held for that purpose, in 879, which Photius falsely calls the eighth general council. Photius, as usual, falsifies the pope a letters to him self and to the emperor: hie erased all the pope said concerning Ignatius, and his injunction to l hotius to ask public pardon for his crimes, and he intro duced high commendations on himself and the em peror, and a condemnation of the council that re stored Ignatius. Again did Photius entrap the pope's legates, procured the condemnation of the re gular general council that did justice to Ignatius, and not himself restored without complying with the pope's injunction, requiring him to ask pardon for his manifold offences. When Pope John was in formed of these proceedings, he disowned what his legates had done; and going to the church, he ex communicated Photius, deposed his legates, and sent Mlarinus his legate to tihe east, who strenuously maintained what had been done by Pope Nicholas and the eighth general council against Photius. Leo the wise, tire son and successor of Basil, on receiv ing the pope's letters, immediately banished Photius to a monastery in Armenia, where this unfortunate and mischievous man died, after having lived thirty years in schism. A remarkable scene took place when Photius was asked in the eighth general council if he repented of and begged penance for his criminal conduct; Ire answered, that s tile fathers of the council should rather repent and ask pardon of rim." On hearing this, the emperor said, ' Tell us, whence are you1 are you from heaven, or from this earth which we inhabit I Show forth from this moment, if any one when a heresy is broached or a schism formed in any part, and thinkoth otherwise than with the four pa triarchates, is saved. And I hear you to-day, whom the four, yes, the five patriarchates condemn. What think you of this tell me." Again, when Photius was asked if he acquiesced in the decrees and consti tutions of tile Roman pontiffs, ihe affected silence in imitation of our Saviour; for if ire answered in the aflirmative, Ire would condemn his opposition to these decrees; if in the negative, he would contradict himself, who boasted so often of his apparent sub mission to the holy see, and of his resting his claim to the see of Constantinople on the forged papal documents that ihe exhibited, as if confirmatory of his usurpation. 'Thus, during the tortuous and de ceitful proceedings of Ph'otius,'l e did not insinuate a doubt of, or call in question the supremacy of the pope in honour and jurisdiction, over tile eastern as well as over the western church. The Greek sclhismatics pretended to rest their soepa ration from the Latin Church on tire decree of a "general council ;" and for this purpose, they sub stituted the council hoeld by l'lhottus in 879, where the pope's legates shamefully prevaricated and abused their commission, in place of tilhe general council held in 8C7; wherein "all things were done in order," and wherein all tile patriarchs and tihe great body of bishops fully concurred by their personal presence, by their legates, or by their subsequent confirmation of its decrees. Some advocates for schism, especially of dissent from the " supremnacy" of tihe Bishop of Rome, the successor of St. Peter, misplaced the council of Constantinople " favour able" to Plholius, and ranked it as tie right general council of the church, and the fourth of Constanti. noplo. They will gain nothing by this shift, as every council held by the Greek schismatics condemned in as pointed terms all the errors of modern protestors as those held by the bishops of Rome. After the removal of P'loitius from the see of Con stantinople, peace and union were restored and pre served between the Greek and Latin Church for one hundred and twenty years; though, in several in. stances the Greeks betrayed a spirit of rancour to. wards the Latins. In 1053, the great schism was again renewed by "Michael Cerularius," who founded his separation upon the most frivolous pre tences and notorious slanders. When these objections were answered, Ihe said that he had a thousand others to make, which clearly shews thie disposition of a mind bent on schism, and not in correcting abuses, if they existed. His object was not to preserve thie ' unity of spirit in the bond of peace," but to seek his own miserable aggrandisement; and the wretched and degraded state of the Greek schismatics to this day is tile melancholy coosequence.-Yours truly, JOHN SCOTT ' 