FRIDAY EVENING. September 25, 1840. Thr present sittings of the Legislative Council have, in one important particular, differed most essentially from those of last year for whereas the former Session was one of no compensation, the existing one may be termed a Session of general compensation. To what cause this extreme change is attributable whether to the tenor of the highly satisfactory despatches approving so strongly of the liberality and the justice meted out to the distillers, in the shape of ample compensation and usurious amends, or whether it be owing to the spirit of prescience and prophecy, which sometimes attends the near approach to dissolution, and that the lavish hand with which our legislators seem now eager to parcel out the public money, is in atonement of the past transgressions, as well as an outlay upon futurity, being a kind of Peter's pence for an entrance into a Representative Assembly what- ever be the motive, be it speculative or penitential to which it originates, certain it is that a most marvellous change has come over the sentiments of our authorities in respect to compensa- tion. They have profited by the Feigned Issue Bill. They have taken the benefit of the act, and have commenced business de novo, with a t more than ordinary pretension to fair dealing. ' They have. .. it were, advertised that no one will have to wait a day for their money, but be paid instantly on the presentation of their petitions. If an old creditor in the form and substance of a ? distiller or rectifier, should chance to cross their path they are somewhat startled at first, but then (bay will gravely inform him, if he tells them of { -bfJrijptöved state of their finances, and urges his own poverty which they have brought upon him, that they cannot entertain his application for the present, because their affairs are in Chancery. The Colonial Office and the Lords of the Treasury are deliberating, while sleepless nights and anxious days may indeed disturb the repose of the wearied, worried, and ruined man. More than twelve long months have rolled over our heads since that memorable night upon which the Feigned Issue Bill was thrown out of the Council, when its fate being sealed Mr. Ashburner rose in his place and proposed a resolution of immediate compensation to those whose trades had been destroyed for the good of the Revenue, and not of the people. He was met by the ardent solicitations and the personal prayers of His Excellency, who entreated him to withdraw it as a favour to himself-and let us inquire for what ? Was it that His Excellency, after having been foiled in the passing of a Bill which was a darling measure of his Government, and which he had contrived to persuade himself, by dint of long thinking and deliberate reflection, was not only not unjust, but the very perfection, the very impersonation of jusTiCE herself, even as it is said that blemishes upon the human countenance become in time lovely to the enamoured beholder -velvet Balbinum polypus Agnce-was it, we say, that after this misshapen measure was cast out with the scorn and contumely of the whole colony, that His Excellency having thus far contended for what he believed to be an honest principle, did not choose to have his own sense of right and his own integrity of intention shackled by a resolution more tightly drawn than the memorable fourth, upon which the Bill professed to be framed, and pledging the Government to the immediate payment of the distillers, but preferred that the Executive should immediately in- interpose, and yield with becoming grace that which the resolution of the Council would have enforced as a positive obligation ? No such thing. His Excellency's advisers-for with himself the matter would have been safe-took the benefit of their own much-loved act, and referred the question home in ill-judged reliance upon satisfactory despatches, when it was thought the tortured applicants would have at last acquiesced in receiving a pittance as a boon. It was not then the principle to pay compensation at all-the word was not then understood, and Dr. Turnbull interpreted it to mean the payment of some thousand pounds to the Government; because, although the duty was fixed by law at a sum enabling the distillers to carry on their trade at a certain profit upon which they claimed compensation, yet still it was in the power of the Government to have fixed it at a sum which would every year have brought them several hundred pounds into debt. They were therefore indebted to the Government for not having ruined them, under an act passed for the encouragement of their business-that they were allowed to pursue a trade at a gain and not at a loss. This is no fable. We have it recorded in His Excellency's Minute. It was necessary to discover some other word for compensation, in order to re- concile the apparent anomaly of reason and with . metic, to say nothing of justice, which never entered at all into these calculations. The unhappy word chosen upon the occasion was-a boon. It was a concession from generosity and not justice ! The distillers were to feel grateful in being remitted the highest amount of duty payable- which, however, was never paid or sanctioned by law on the sole ground that they might have been made to pay it, as if a person claiming compensation for the loss of £2,000 worth of wool should be told that he could not claim at 1s. 9d. the pound, for although that was the average price in the London market, yet it might, by some extraordinary contingency, have been reduced to 9d., and therefore 9d. was to be the proper standard of remuneration. But their case was far worse than this. Their trade was put down on the faith of compensation. The three last years of their business were selected whereon to make a calculation of their gains. The duty regulated by law, and actually paid by them, was taken into account, and they were severally proved to have made more than £1,000 a-year. But the minute mongers thereupon contend, that although His Excellency regulated the duty according to the grain market, yet it was in his power to have fixed it at an extreme rate, which would have brought the distillers into debt that is, an act for the encouragement of the trade could have been by the force of ingenious construction converted into an instrument for extinguishing it altogether, and therefore the distillers were to be thankful not that they received compensation-but that a demand was not made upon them for some thousands of pounds which, had the duty been determined at the highest point under the act, they would have been called upon to pay. Such quibbling would hardly deserve serious notice if it were not rendered grave by the occasion. It was no jest to the parties concerned. These men would not surely have carried on their business at a direct pecuniary sacrifice, and the duty they paid was what the law apportioned, and His Excellency approved, and therefore it is as plain as the noon day that we can have nothing to do with what His Excellency might have done. Would it be a good argument against the fact, that the interests of the colony had been deeply injured, to say that His Excellency might have done us great good ? If our readers will however reflect, they will see the identical policy pursued upon the Labour Question. There the people, when they asked for emigration, were called upon for Quit Rents. When the distillers prayed for the compensation promised them, they were met with a statement as to what they might have been compelled to pay, if the wisdom of the Government had so willed it. But the wisdom of the Government did not so will it-they willed and settled it otherwise under an inviolable seal. And yet compensation upon profit guaranteed by law, was then a boon. We congratulate the Government on the change in its sentiments. C'est change tout cels. They have, however, fallen into the opposite extreme, for now it appears to us that a boon is legitimate compensation. They have reversed the order of things and the order of right. They are brimful of sentiment and compensation. Petition follows petition, and even the rich are not sent empty away. In illustration of this violent and sudden con- vulsion of humanity, let us suppose a case. We will suppose an industrious man with a large family in the receipt of a considerable income, suddenly stripped of his trade, and from affluence reduced to beggary. We see biro a suppliant suitor at the bar of the Legislative Council, for compensation promised to him when they took from under him the prop whereby he lived ; we see him taunted with having at times carried on his trade contrary to the strict regulations of the law. It is in vain that he contends that he claims upon the duty he has actually paid the Government, and not upon illegitimate profits. Before he receives a penny he must consent to the passing of a Bill to put him on his trial, to see whether he has or has not been in the habit of distilling contrary to law. It. is in vain that he points to the penalties prescribed under the Act according to which he carried on his trade It is in vain that he contends that such penalties were limited in amount and restricted to six months, whereas the trade had been prohibited and put down twelve months before, and all penalties died with the Act itself. It is not that he fears a trial, for none will have the boldness to affirm that the utmost diligence has succeeded in extracting evidence against him. He does not choose, however, to be put upon his trial to be the subject of suspicion or the victim of malignity. He is presented with a purse of sovereigns and a sword. He must undertake to swallow the sword first ; but being a simple man and no juggler, he fears he may perish in the attempt. He rejects the boon. " Then you shall receive no money," is the reply-" The matter will be referred home, and you will have to await the pleasure of the Secretary of State." We can, we say, imagine such a man counting with anxious care and wasting hope, the days, the weeks, the months, as they pass over his head, until the period when he books for some intelligence from England which shall decide his fate. We see him sunk in poverty and maddened by affliction. He goes forth to catch a glimpse of every sail that may be to him the herald of glad tidings and great joy. What a contrast is there not afforded between the feverish struggles, the individual hopes, doubts and fears of this one man, and the formal announcement of satisfactory despatches received from the Secretary of State ! The great man's great man has not noticed the question, and the expectant for compensation is obliged to defer j his hopes to the coming of another ship which brings the everlasting and to him joyless tidings of satisfactory despatches. Thus, in the first place, is his occupation taken from him, and when he seeks remuneration he is told to undergo a disgraceful ordeal, and the penalty of his refusal is the long delay, it may be of years, and the protracted hope that maketh the heart sick. The Legislative Council meets after a twelve- month, and the unofficial members remain mute upon the subject. It will not bear to be touched. The Government know their condemnation has gone forth ; but what avails that to the poverty stricken man P Thousands upon thousands have accrued to the Revenue by the extinction of his trade, and this is the only consolation he receives ! We have looked on that picture, let us now look on this. A rich man comes to the Council and claims compensation in respect to a loss sustained by fire, supposed to be the act of an in- cendiary. He has been active upon occasions in assisting the police in the apprehension of bushrangers, and is supposed to have incurred the odium of some parties, in consequence, who thereupon filed his stacks. His claim for compensation is recommended home to the Secretary of State by Sir George Arthur, who conceived the loss should fall upon the Home Government. Lord John Russell is of course of opinion that we ought to pay as well for the pleasure of bushrangers as for a police to look after them, and refers it to the Council. A Committee of the Legislative Council is appointed to investigate the claim, and they report directly against it. Nevertheless the Colonial Secretary proposes a resolution to the effect, that in consequence of the assistance rendered by the claimant to the police in the apprehension of bushrangers, he is entitled to compensation to the extent of £500, thus getting rid of the fire altogether. Indeed, not a witness was called to show the actual extent of Mr. O'Connor's loss. He certainly claimed for upwards of £2,000, and his claim is now as good as ever, if it ever were capable of being entertained at all. There are good grounds of suspicion, but no more, for believing the fire to have been the act of an incendiary. Dr. The bull, one of the committee, voted for the resolution with the utmost alacrity. As usual, he balanced his opinions, but the scale gradually inclined in favour of the £500 donation. In the present Council this is compensation. Soon after this question was disposed of there arises another. Captain Fenton presents a petition from his cousin, praying for compensation for the loss of his eye, sustained in the pursuit of a bushranger. He follows it up with a Resolution pledging the Council to its acknowledgment. There is some j little difficulty as to the amount, but His Excellency finally intimates that a pension of £50 a year be proposed. Captain Swanston very properly, as it appears to us, objected to any such grant. He begged to record his reasons, which were also applicable to Mr. O'Connor's case. If such claims were to be recognised, there would be no end to compensation, and the funds of the colony could not sustain such drafts. The Attorney-General, after bearing honourable testimony to the manner in which Mr. Fenton acquitted himself in his encounter with the bushranger, objected to compensation on another ground. Captain Fenton had said he could not understand on what principle honourable members objected to acknowledge such service by pecuniary reward. He (Captain Fenton,) favoured it on principle, because it would act as an encouragement to the police. The Attorney-General said, that if pressed for a reason he should certainly give one against the grant, and that was, that Mr. Fenton was not in a situation to come to that Council to claim compensation. He was not a poor man. At the time Mr. O'Connor sustained his loss it had reduced him greatly in circumstances, although it was now well known that he was a wealthy man. We really can see no distinction whatever. The fact of Mr. O'Connor's having become rich is, we should think, to follow out the reason of the Attorney- General, rather an argument against the admission of the claim. We conceive that Mr. Fenton is equally entitled to consideration, if such claims are at all to be recognised. Capt tain Forster fired at the notion of circumstances being taken into consideration. Who ever considered, said he, when Lord Nelson lost his arm, whether he was a rich or a poor man ? There was only one rule for the state in such cases, and one standard of encouragement. The gallant Captain really ran wild on this matter. An officer receives his pension as a matter of right guaranteed by the Crown, but no one ever heard of a Parliamentary grant being proposed where circumstances were not taken into consideration in the case of an individual not the immediate servant of the Crown. How many cases are there which must in a colony like this come under the same rule ? There is no doubt at all but that Mr. Lawrence's property was fired and destroyed by bushrangers-none whatever that Captain Sergeantson was shot by bushrangers, and left a widow and family to deplore his loss. Are there not also many who have rendered assistance to the police in the capture of bushrangers, or who have defended themselves from attack ? All are equally entitled to share in the compensation proposed. Surely public virtue or courage is not at so low an ebb in this colony as to make it incumbent on the Government to put forth incentives to induce the inhabitants to discharge the proper duties of citizens. Mr. Fenton acted with great courage, and his virtue in that respect carries with it its own reward in the commendation of his fellow-colonists. But there the matter should rest. No. sooner, however, has this subject been mooted, than it is followed by other petitions, all different in degree but alike in character. Mr. Dobson appears at the bar laden with petitions. He claims compensation for a road on the banks of the Darwent, fronting his property. His grant is investigated, and it is found that the Government retain the right to make a road through it where they choose. Independently of this consideration, it is just possible that the road in question has added greatly to the value of his estate. He wants the ferry connecting the ex- tremities of the two public roads. The Legislative Council found themselves under the painful necessity of rejecting the claim. Other petitions however rise up like Banquo's ghost. While the Church of England and Church of Scotland are battling for Bothwell church, a petition is- in petty for compensation for the ground whereon I it is built, and for aught we know the claim may be good. There are petitions from bush con- veyances complaining of vested rights, of which they will be deprived by the Legal Practitioners' Bill. There are petitions from clerks and clerk lings, whose interests are supposed to be affected by the same Bill. There are petitions from lawyers, complaining of a meditated division of the bar. A number of bewigged counsellors have been introduced to argue compensation upon various questions. Vested rights and compensa- ron is the war-cry. The cockle-boys are pre paring a petition, claiming an indemnity for the lots of their occupation, in consequence of the construction of a new wharf. They say they pursued their calling in ignorance of the intention of the Government to invade their peaceful detain they did not therefore take the necessary precaution to construct cockle beds elsewhere, and Some unlucky imps, Who prowl about for shrimps, are also sadly disconcerted by the work. They trust His Excellency will take their case into his serious consideration. Such is the constitution of our present Council, being a mere arena for speculation. It is a sad commentary on the last. It is a kind of devil's . dance upon the graves of the distillers. -M_nnB__*-«--?_ The Legislative Council has, for the last few days, been occupied with the Bothwell Church Bill. This is a Bill to restore the Church to its original destination namely, the Church of England allowing the Presbyterians a lien upon the buildings for so much as they have laid out in money and materials. The discussion has ex- cited great interest, and the Council room has been crowded every day. The Government have undertaken to prove the preamble of the Bill, and for this purpose the Solicitor-General appeared at the bar. Before entering on the discussion before the Council, our readers will recollect that we published a short time since a few facts connected with the case, in reference to the refusal of the keys of the church to Mr. Naylor, who came there to solemnise a marriage, although he gave Mr. Garrett distinctly to understand that such act on his part should not be taken to prejudice the rights of either party in the case. Mr. Thomson wrote a letter in answer to our remarks. He said, " to use the most mild terms," they were unfounded statements." Still we cannot complain of Mr. Thomson's tone. It was decidedly an improvement on " the pam- phlet." With respect to the Bothwell case, he has woven out of it no less than ten tricks. On the appearance of the pamphlet we acknowledged that he had the tricks, but where were the honours ? Again we ask the question, and let the proceed- urged before the Legislative Council answer. We made no comment on his letter, because we were anxious that the question should come into Court without any further aid or addition from one side or the other. This, however, stated not our opponents. The regular changes have been rung upon ex post facto law, upon the old cry of robbery, and several other favourite expressions, the meaning of which we have long since exploded. O'Connell's Justice to Ireland," about the time that the rent is falling due, is not a better understood point d'appui. The Solicitor-General stated the case plainly and calmly, without the aid of foreign ornament. He put forward the most convincing array of facts. He showed, in the first instance, from the memorandum in Colonel Arthur's handwriting, that there was an express condition, that in the event of the buildings being required for the Church of England, they should be given up. Several of the Presbyterians remonstrated against this condition, but they received a letter from the Colonial Secretary, telling them that upon that condition alone would the Government consent to build them, referring their remonstrance, however, to the Secretary of State. By direction of the Government, Mr. Drought, a clergyman of the Church of England, opened the church. The inhabitants had agreed to subscribe £100 for the erection of the church. The whole sum paid was £29, and even of this £24 was subscribed by members of the Church of England ! They had agreed to furnish cartage, but had not complied with their agreement. He referred to the unwillingness on either side to originate legal proceedings, and hence the Bill was introduced at the discretion of the Lieutenant-Governor, agreeably to the recommendation of the Secretary of State. He called Captain Clarke, a member of the Church of England, who proved that he was anxious for an educated clergyman at Bothwell that he had subscribed and lent bullocks to assist the work. Mr. Anstey asked him whether his bullock was not a wild and unmanageable animal. Captain Clarke eagerly vindicated the reputation of his bullock, and said that he (Captain Clarke, had acted conscientiously in rendering assistance agreeably to his means, but that others had acted shamefully and broken their promises, and sent broken-down bullocks. Mr. Foord was then called, who proved that he was the contractor for the work- that he could get but little assistance from any of the inhabitants, and was obliged to get teams of Government bullocks from Mr. O'Connor, the Director General of Public Works that the lime was brought from a Government lime-kiln, and that the utmost assistance he ever at any time received from the people was six or seven bullocks, with occasional sacks of turnips. He had under his control from 30 to 40 Government labourers and mechanics, maintained at the Government expense. He had Government teams of bullocks the windows, doors, and frame-work were finished in Hobart Town, and the expense de- frayed by the Government. He himself received, for the eleven months he was there, £147, besides 11- I |M_ 11- full less-? forage for a horse. He had offered to build for £800 such another church himself, with the exception of the tower, which might cost £100. We must this week content ourselves with making a brief abstract of the different points in dispute, without reference to what constitutes a call, or whether a seceder, and ordained as such, can or cannot legally become an ordained minister of the Kirk of Scotland, and a multitude of other matters, quite extraneous to the question in issue between the parties, but which arose out of the discussion. Mr. Anstey conducted the defence with considerable ability. He protested against the Council entertaining a dispute in property between two parties, as being an unconstitutional proceeding. He then contended that the inhabitants had joined in the call to Mr. Garrett, and had thereby become . Presbyterians- that Colonel Arthur had undoubtedly made the stipulation referred to, but had abandoned it, as appeared from his reference of the question home-that the church itself was enumerated in the Church Act as belonging to the Church of Scotland, and therefore whatever may have been the decision of the Secretary of State for they could not bring the despatch in evidence-be it even unfavourable, to which it was not, to the Presbyterians-that Act had given it over to the Scotch Church. But if any doubt did exist as to the construction of the despatch by Colonel Arthur, it was entirely relieved by his own Minute addressed to the Legislative Council, wherein he enumerates Both- well amongst the Presbyterian churches. He I protested against going into detail, for it would seem to sanction the proceeding now before the Council ; but he was not the less in a condition to prove that a sum in labour had been contributed by the inhabitants to the extent of £790. To this last point he called Mr. Garrett, who, upon a rough calculation, estimated the amount of labour at between £600 and £700. Colonel Arthur had told him when at Bothwell, that he considered the contributions of the inhabitants to have amounted to that sum, Mr. Garrett officiated conjointly with Mr. Drought at the opening of the church. On cross- examination, he admitted that the present Bishop of Australia had officiated in the church, and had administered the sacrament of baptism. He had baptised his (Mr. Garrett's) own child. Before examining the equity of the present Bill, upon which there cannot be a single doubt, notwithstanding Mr. Garrett's rough calculation, let us dispose of the main question whether it was originally meant for the Church of England ? It is said that Colonel Arthur abandoned his first stipulation ; but where does that appear ? Where does Colonel Arthur promise to recommend home their remonstrance? He says, upon no other condition can Government afford assistance, but I will refer the question home to the Secretary of State, who determines thus : " It might be sufficient, without demanding that the Presbyterians give up the church altogether, that they should have the use of it only when it was not required for Church of England uses." Here the right to demand is clearly recognised. The Government have it in their power to do so by their original stipulation, and yet the Presbyterians modestly claim the exclusive right over this church. Perhaps, he adds :-" it may be sufficient to provide they should have the use of it only when it is not required for the purposes of the Church of England." Here the inherent right is expressed. But the Government say we do require it for the uses of the Church of England. Instead of that permissive occupation which you have hitherto enjoyed, you now boldly and unblushingly set up an exclusive title, and even insult the Lieutenant-Governor. But mark the shuffling excuses which they frame in the event of the despatch being construed, as any honest man must construe it, that is, to the recognition of the original stipulation ! They say, that unless Colonel Arthur did himself recommend home their claim, the compact with them was broken. What compact-what claim ? Where does it appear? Oh! they contributed labour and money, say £5, and a few bullocks. But their advocate contends that the church was built to suit the contingency of their defeat, which they must therefore have anticipated, and was fitted up as a Church of England. They were prepared to say farewell to Mr. Garrett's rough calculation, so that they are really now in a better position than ever, for they have a lien on the buildings for so much money as they laid out. The only point is the statement in Colonel Arthur's Minute, which must have been a sheer mistake for if his accuracy was so great on all occasions, can it be believed that he could have deliberately enumerated this church as a Presbyterian one, with the despatch in his recollection ? But it in nowise affects the rights of the question. Neither does the insertion of the minister of Bothwell in the Church Act. There is an allowance to him as Presbyterian minister, and no more. The Sydney Government has resolved, for the sake of the Revenue, to put a tax on imported wheat. This has been promptly met by our Government in the imposition of a tax on all tobacco imported from Sydney. 