Why is a pre-paid letter mt pre-paid?-Bc cause it is post-paid. Why is the elopement of your mother's sistci like a quadruped '-Because she is au aunt UNPARALLELED PRECOCITY. - " Isn't he a Ant child ?" said a young mother to a visitor, as eh( proudly exhibited her first-bora. " The hand- somest boy as 1 ever sec," iras, of course, thc instant reply of thc old bachelor to whom thc Bppenl was made. " Yes ; bless his little heart! " exclaimed thc bcttcr.hnlf author of thc little bantling; "and so veryjbrteard of his agc, rion') you think?" " Very forward,,'said the echo. And, ns thc young matron removed the cap from her Bobby's head, thc inexperienced bachelor continued, in evident amazement, " Bless me ! he is forward ! I never before saw a person batd head^dto soon! Tins SCOTTISH MOTHKH'S CONSOLATION. During the time of the threatened invasion un- der Buonaparte, beacon fires were direr ted to be lighted up on Ute points and heights that skirt thc shore of our sea-girt isle. It happened, one night, that an alarm was given of thc Innd- ing of thc enemy in St Andrew's Bay, and beacon fires instantly blazed around thc " ncuk of FiTc," and proceeded up thc Frith of Forth, till thc signal WAS distinctly seen from Kirkaldy. Thc moment was a trying one to many an anxious mother, and timorous mother's son ; and when young Jamie, thc support of his widowed parent, who was in thc number of thc defenders of his country's freedom, was fully accoutred, und ready to march, she turned to a neighbour, and, with n bursting heart exclaimed, " There gaugs my poor laddie tofnccthcFrcnch; shoot him that likes, they'll get a gudt sark on his back," A jolly set of Irishmen, boon companions and sworn brothers, had made up their minds to leave the " old sod," und wend their way to Ameriiy. Tiley were five in »umber-two Pad- dies, one .Murphy, one Dennis, and one Tcnguc. It so happened that thc vessel they were to go I in, could Only take four of them. At length honest Teague exclaimed, "Arran! I have iL I We'll cost lots to sec who shitll remain." But one of thc Paddies swore it was not je'mieet to I do that thiug. " You know Tcoguc," said lie, " that I nm an ara/hmntician, and I caa work it out by thc nile of substruction, which is o great deni better. But you must all agree to bide by thc figures." All having pledged themselves to do so, Pot proceeded - " Well theo, tnke Poddy (rom Paddy you can't; but take Dimiiís from Murphy, and Teague remains. By my soul, Tcnguc, my jewel, and it is you that can'/ go." JAMES SMITH AND SIR Geonci: Host-Thc following playful colloquy in verse took place at n dinner tnblc between these two gentlemen, in allusion to Craven- street, Strand, where the J. S. " At thc lop of my street thc attorneys abound, And down at thc bottom the barges arc For there's craft in thc river, and craft in thc street." Sir G. R. " Why should honesty fly to some safer retreat, From attorneys and barges-oi'rot "in ! For thc lawyers are jual at thc top of the And the barges arc just at thc bottom.- J LAW Magazine. A lIosriT.\ni.t INVITATION-"Come in out or thc wet," ns thc shnrk said to thc youn." nig- ger, when he took bim into his victualling office. -Wc remember which nm pre- I c»L-ly thus:-These premises to let-on a I 1 115 feet in length. A contemporary introduces a piece of m with these words:-"The following lines written, more than sixty years ;igo, by one who | has for ninny years slept in liii, grave merely for A young lady intending to site for a breach of | promise put lier lover's letters in a bag for t" purpose of producing them in court, when, sad tell, their own natural warmth produced spoin rliiiod were to bc found at an inn t cud of the town, a number of officers thc spot to lake imo custody thc rend poachers The " proud Duke ofSomersct," who flourished j in thc reign of Chartes II., so well merited Iii; title, that, according to Mrs. Jameson, his chil dren were not allowed to sit in his presence : hi: servants obeyed his signs; nnd when he travelled I thc road was cleared before him by his out-riders. "(Jct out of the way," cried one of these t countryman who was driving a pig, "my Lord I Duke is coming, nnd docsnotehoose to bc looked upon." The fellow, a true John Rull, snatched | up his pig in a rage, and holding hil -Two butchers at Mile-end, London, got a quarrelling n few days since, when j one of them, su stitutiiig thc goose quill for tin L-lcnvcr, perpetrated thc following scaudnlou libel, which he struck with a skewer upon a dcai1 sheep which hung upon his neighbour's stall : "Tins animal weighs just -lUlUs. good honest I weight-H o/- to the lb." For this sarcastic 1 placard thc owner of thc sheep aforesaid sued his literary antagonist for a wicked mid defamatory libel lilian the said sheep; and thc jury who tried ttie cause, thinking no doubt that a very honest sheep should weigh Hi ounces to thc pound, and there being no proof of dishonesty against thc onimnl in luiestion, mulcted thc libelling butcher in £5 and costs.-English Poper. A hungry jew paying particular attention to a ham, when asked what he was saying to it, re- plied, " I was just saying, thou almost penuadest me to he a Christian." " Thc boy at thc head of the class will state what were thc dark ages of the world." Doy hesitates. " Nest-Master Smith, can't you tell us what thc dark ages were ? " " 1 guess they were the ages just before the invention of spec- tacles." The celebrated Mrs. Thicknesse undertook to construct a letter, every word of which should bc French, yet no Frenchman should bc nble to rend it, while an illiterate Englishman or English- woman should decipher it with case. Here follows a specimen ot thc jeu tU malt.-'! Pre Sistre, come and se us, and pass the de herc If yeux canne, and chat tu my dame, and dine here; and yeux mal go to the faire if yeux plaise ; yeux may have flehe, mutin, pore, outer, foule, hair, pigeon, olives, solicite, for ure diner, and excel* lent te, cafe, port vin, and liqueurs ; and tell ure bette and poll to comme ; and Ile go tu the faire and visite thc liaron. But If yeux dont comme tu us, Ile go tu ure hous and se oncle, and se houe he docs ; for mi dame ses bc bcant Ul but doux comme, mi dire yeux canne ly hero yeux nos-if yeux love musique yeux mai have thc harp, lutte, or viol here. Adcau mi dire sistre,'* Twenty or thirty years ago what woujd m person have said to -have seen advertised; " Wanted, 2,500 nine-feet sleepers ? " He nm have thought, not only that it was a gre« nan her of drousy people to get together, but ti» must necessarily sleep very long! ." Brief let me be," said thc Ghost of Htmu one assize Tuesday at Newcastle Th cutre. , young barrister on bis first circuit, , who sot jo behind us, in thc some box, heaved a sigh (bli Major Macpherson tn thc song), and observed " I wish you were with all my heart 1" " I know a man who cheats at cordi," nj a young gentleman to Sheridan ¡ " I do not Iib to expose him ; what shall I do?" "Back him,' replied Sheridan. A celebrated wit was asked why lie did ni- marry a young lady to whom be was mud attached. " 1 know no reason," replied he except the great regard we have for each other, USSTBAOY REASONING.-Late one ereniijr, ? Drunken Davy, after spending his day's enraiagi ot a grocery, act out foi home. " Well " said he, " if 1 find my wife up, I'll lick her, Wast business has she lo sit up using fire and Urht, eh ? And if I find her in bed, I'll lick her. What business hos she to go to bed before I pt home ?"-New York Pcper. Too BOLO.-A gentleman on hiswayfogl Boston to Vermont stopped at a tavern, vam he met an inquisitive country fellow, who said to him, ' Where have you come from, if I nuy be so bold ?' ' Not at all ; I came from Bosun.' 'Where are you going, if I may be io bold f ' Not ot oil, I om going to Vermont.' * Who ore you going to see there, if I may be so bold ?" ' [ going to see the widow M.* ' Arc you a. married man, if I may be so bold V ' I era a widower.' ' Are you going to morry the widow M., if I mir bc so bold ?' ' That's too bold.' Thc Hobart Town Advertiser says, that the eyes' of thc ladies who attended a hall at Goren, ment House lately, were io bright, that the rsyi of thirty three Sinumbrn lamps were (ampiele) thrown into thc abode by them.' HcaUoitste ' that the ladies eyes were ALL colors (wc hop green and yellow arc not colors) and lookin« beautiful and gay .'* How enchanting ! Itahaori makes us wish we had been there. Tun POOH.-It is the law af nature last ti poor should sever cease, that they should bi continually before our sight os objects to awoken our pity and sympathy, and upon which ti exercise it. And as poverty must ever bera* with thc increase of riches, and distress beean more urgent and deeper in the ncighbourhooc of luxury, thc poor arc intended by God to tx a standing memento to us and warning of om humanity, that wc may make a voluntary sixriiti of a portion of our blessings which ne lum beyond our share, lest thc whole be swept av* by one mighty ruin, and so wc feel the judgment and thc loss the greater. Wc may depend up« it that the only security for our riches is Hui we should give of our abundance largely ; sn' that thc greater the iucrcasc of our wealth, ti greater ought our contributions to the poor t< bc in proportion. The poor also oaght ever b bc not in our minda only, but ¡n our sight ; tai alone can oppose and stem the ínroods afarsT ' and selfishness which increase with the grout of riches, Tliis is the true and proper temed which nature has provided to keep our miad and character in health and their native vigoai Wc speak of the public character and aralu and thc public principle. This should be lb aim of our legislators and statesmen, if indee thc public character and health bc of any cocew with them.'-Ti met. GIPSIES.—A meeting was held at the Old Ship on Thursday last for the purpose of making a collection in favour of the above " interesting people." The Rev. J. Crabb, of Southampton addressed the company in a long, tedious, and rambling speech, in the course of which, how- ever, some curious matter was elicited. It seems that a society has been formed for the purpose of attempting the conversion of the Gipsies towards the funds of which any money collect on this occasion was to be appropriated. In the course of his speech Mr. Crabb informed the meeting that In England the origin of the Gip- sies was enveloped in darkness, but that it was known that they appeared in Switzerland in 1418, in Italy in 1422, and in Krance in 142 from which country, however, they had almost entirely fled during the reign of Napoleon, who ordered them all to be taken into the army Mr. Crabb denied their Egyptian origin, and traced them from the Suddhas in Hindustan both in their physical configuration and dialect and related as an instance of the latter the Lord Teignmouth once said in Hindoostanee a young Gipsy girl, "You are a great thief The girl replied without a moment's hesitic ' No, Sir, I am not a thief, but I live by fortex telliug." Another circumstance in which then existed a resemblance was their fondness for dogs, and cats, and all kind of carrion as food " for," as they said, " 'tis better to eat that which God kills than what we kill ourselves." He had some right to speak of them, having b them living on his fields for 14 years, and could say that they were wrongfully charged with being poachers. They were not really bad as they were represented. The women were chaste ; and, though they did steal horses, though they were often drunkards, liars, and thieves, though frequently revengeful and selfish, he was sure the extent of their racial delinquency had been greatly exaggerated. Brighton Gazette. SBROBAMT HILL'S ABSE^CK.-He nun Miss Medlycott, of Coningham, in Nortlsi tonsbirc, a great heiress. On the morotai thc day appointed for the wedding, the Serge went down to his chambers as usual, milbee lng immersed iu business, forgot tutu thc engagement he had formed for that mon» Thc bride waited for him so long, that it feared the canonical hour would elapse bc his arriva). A messenger was aceordingtr patched to request immediate attendante, obeyed thc summons, and having becoo husband, returned again to business. Al dinner-time, his clerk, suspecting that he forgotten entirely thc proceedings of the o ing, ventured to re cal them to Ids recollect fortunately thc Sergeant had at that mem discovered thc case for which he bad I hunting, and he returned to his house to sj the "evening in a gayer circle. By sa A Parliament, Miss MedlycoU was empowen usc her maiden name after her marriage; thc Sergeant did not like her exrrcisiog right He would not allow her to siro name otherwise than ' Elizabeth Hill,' ei on important occasions; always obierno she made any objection, ' My nome is «nd my father's nome was Hill; anderer/ name is HUI, tool' He survived hu After her death, a friend called on him lo co with him on her loss. He found the Seq sitting, looking very sad and disconsolate, last bc said, ' So, poor woman, you andi gone ! a very" good woman ; a great loo I I ccrtuinly, Sir. But I'll tell you one thine I-,if I should ever be inducedlo I another wife. I would not marry «vWj money,'-Late Sf I^ategert. , , THE ST. HELKXA RAT.-One ol tanga specimen of the rat breed ii now to « in Glasgow, at thc premises of iir.kSmila Saltiuarkct. Thc animal is a female, au brought from St. Helena about CAM" » ago, when she was about eight months ol weighed the same mininer of pounds. lier weight is 13 lbs., sixteen ounces to thei and she measures 2 feet 9 inches bet« tip of the nose and the point of the tail. incisor« are full; an inch in length, sn thc girth of limb, which is nearly tl"»11 of an otter, thc animal must possess ia power. She is of the «»ter tribe, «"d at feet are webbed. In every respect she 1 appearance of on ordinary rat, umaga raense magnitude, and as the beast ls ru many who are curious in natural history, all instinctively »tart back when she ls at liberty on a table. Yet she isas g» rabbit, and bus never tasted Ocsh or fish, she is very fond of a plunge in the Clyne food is vegetable, nnd arrange as it n»y thc drink which the animal prises tó others ia ole or porter, while abe rigidly i whiskey. Occasionally she allows the get nboon tho meal," and cuts can« while in merry mood. Specimens of tl breed have not before been known nt of thc country, and an addition of lee our preaent list of vermin is a mauernio honoured in thc breach tim Ú» ow« \- Gtalyoto Peper. ^ -Blither uacomforUble/' ft* th« «el ititi after j )t had been stripped of his skin. I toa» MXLHOPR.VK AND TH S COLLBQK FOR i (trtL ENGIN-EXRS.-A few days before th« «esrilof this new establishment printed their ptupeetus, a deputation waited on thc Premier Brennest Her Majesty's name as patroness. St received them with politeness, and politc *3J| and promised to submit the prospectus to ger Majesty, and doubted not of her approba- ted to so useful a society. The same deputs fea waited on bb lordship for an answer, when ht informed them coldly, that having perused tttir prospectus, he considered it as too rc itncLen in its nature, and could not recommend i to Her Majesty's patronage. The words . this College is based upon the principles of fe Established Church," in the first regulation, vu the choke-pear that thc Liberal Premier' said not «wallow, although followed by " but itch pupils as are of a different religious tasoosioa «-ill bc permitted to have free com aunieation with their pastors, and to attend (Jeir respective pieces of Divine worship." His Croce the Duke of Buccleugb, the Presi ?eat Of Ute College, has given £1000 to nrds the outfit, and other friends of thc insti Ution have given liberal presents of books, aodcls, r<c The council have token Gordon kiose, Kentish-town, a Large mansisn, with ex mvùre grounds to begin with, and purpow «pening after thc Christmas recess.-Corre» jtMtnl of the Times. 