Otig?ttal Lort.eVpo1tteltce. ON THE WANDERINGS OF THE HUMAN MIIND.-No. 17. " Leave to the Bishops the liberty of defending the faith: as powers or terrors of the world will ever be able to destroy it. Protect the Church, and seek to preserve its peace, that Christ may protect your empire."-Sr. LEO To THIEO DOSIUs II. Dia. EDITOR-Our blessed Redeemer emphatically declared that " his kingdom was not of this world." He never directly or indirectly commissioned, or in any way authorised the " princes or rulers of this world" to expound or propagate his revealed doc trines. No; he constituted and empowered iris apostles, and their lawfully ordained successo's, "to preach the gospel to every creature," and Ihe fully authorised tie " bishops to govern his church"-his kingdom upon earth-and to guard the doctrines of that church pure and without spot or wrinkle, until its members, purified and sanctified in the blood of the Lamb, should be fit to be admitted into his kingdom of heaven. After the Nestorian heresy was condemned in the Council of Ephesus, and Nestorius himself sent into exile, by command of the Emperor Theodosius II., Euticlhes, an illiterate and hot-headed monk, abbot of a monastery near Constantinople, disturbed the peace of the church by his fiery zeal against Nestorianism, and fell himself into the opposite ex treme of error. Ile taught that, after the INCAnA. TION of the " Word" in the virginal womb of the Mother of God, the " human nature" was confused or absorbed by the " divine nature," so as to form but one nature, as well as one person, in Christ, like a drop of water fallen into the ocean. This doctrine of Eutiches was examined and con demned in a Council held at Constantinople, under St. Flavian, tire metropolitan, in 448. By court intrigue, and by calumniating the prelates who con demned this error at Constantinople, Euticlhes ob tained the Emperor's sanction for calling a new Council at Ephesus. wherein Dioscorus, the turbu lent patriarch of Alexandria, presided, and annulled all the proceedings in a most despotic and violent manner. This conventicle, usually called the La trocinale, or Cabal of Ephesus, acquitted Eutiches and condemned St. Flavian, who died a few days after of the violence committed on him by the satel lites of Dioscorus. The Pope's legates refused to sign this unjust sentence, opposed those wicked acts, and sent an authentic narrative to St. Leo, the chief bishop, who declared all the proceedings null and void. He writes to the Emperor that no sacriligeous cabal ever equalled this in violence and wickedness, and thus conjures Theodosius, in the words above quoted, " not to interfere with the bishops in ex pounding and defending the faith of the Church," and adds, that " he trembles to see him draw down the divine vengeance upon his own head," by sup. porting Eutiches and Dioscorus in their errors and irregularities. On the demise of Theodosius, who died suddenly, 1larcian succeeded to the empire, and approved of the convocation of a General Council at Chalcedon, which opened in October, 451, and consisted of upwards of six hundred bi shops, over whom the Pope presided by his legates, it condemned the errors of Eutichses. The memory of St. Flavian was vindicated in this Council, and Dioscorus was convicted of having maliciously suppressed the letters of Pope Leo, in the cabal at Ephesus, and of having presumed to hold a General Council without the Pope's autho. rity-a thing nsecer lawful and aever done, as was observed by the legates in the Council, and sanc tioned by the acquiescence of all the bishops. The admirable letter of St. Leo, expounding the Catholic faith concerning tire mystery of the Incarnation, against the errors both of Nestorius and Eutichles, was read and declared by the voice of that General Council to be dictated by the Holy Ghost, and to be a rule throughout the universal church. The great Theodore having read it, blessed God " for having thls' preserved his holy faith." St. Leo ap proved all things that had been done in the Council relating to "definitions of faith ;" but, being an enemy to innovations, vigorously opposed the 28th canon, framed in the absence of his legates, by which tie Arclhbislop of Constantinople was declared a patriarch and thefirst among the patriarchs of the east. In the synodal letter of the Fathers of that great General Council to Pope Leo, beseeching him to confirmn their decrees, they appeal to him " as to the Head, presiding over its members." Eutiches being obstinate in propagating his he resy, is deposed, and finds in exile that ignoble ob scurity which his stupid fanaticism so richly deserved. If the Holy Spirit of Truth hath not guided the Fathers of this very numerous Council, how could jersons influenced by human feelings in favour of thre several powerful parties that then disturbed the unity of faith, come to an unanimous condemnation of the Nestorian and Eutichian errors 1 Yet such is the consoling fact, fully confirming the sacred promises of Christ, that " he would send the Para clate, the Spirit of Truth," who should bring to the mind of his apostles and their successors all things that lhe taught them, who should guide them unto all truth, and that " he should abide with them all days, even to the consummation of the world." Without this " guiding, teaching, and ever presid-: ing spirit of truth," it is impossible that the human minnd, so liable to err, and so apt to be carried about' by every wind of doctrine, should evercomrie to an unerring knowledge of that "ono" faith, witihout which it is impossible to please God. How could the must diligent "?eurchcr of the sciptures'" he able to unfold and correctly expound those many mysterious' and primary articles of Christian faith connected with the Incarnation of Christ, if Christ himself had not built his church on the rock of trutlh, against which the gates of hell 'cannot pre vail t Did not all those teachers of error, regarding the person, and nature, anIl divinity of Our Saviour, search and expound the scriptures to the best of their knowledge and judgment? and did they not fall into the most monstrous and erroneous doctrines on the most essential points of revelation 1 The conclusion, then, is obvious, as drawn by the apostle, " that no i'nerpretation of scriptur, is of private judgment," and with St. Augustio, " that hIeresies do not arise except through the sacred scriptures being ill understood; and thisat which is ill understood is rashly and boldly alfirmed." Yours truly, JOIHN SCOTT. 