WEEKET SUMBZAXHT. Total Abstinence Society. — The weekly Meetings of the Teetotallers continue to be well attended, and have a most beneficial effect, by bringing home to the minds of the working classes, the great difference in the condition of the occasional drunkard and' the Teetotaller. Many of the persons who now attend those meet ings, well clad and with a respectable appearance, two years ago were habitual drunkards, their families being miserable, and their appearance as disreputable as their feeling were uncomfortable. Let those who doubt whether any good has been effected by the Total Abstinence Society, attend the monthly meeting, at the School of Arts, to morrow evening, and we question if, after hear ing the plain unaffected statements of these mem bers who have been rescued from habits of drunk enness by the Society, they will ever have any doubts upon the subject afterwards. — — On the 31st ult., ten gentlemen were admitted attorneys of the Sppreme Court, viz., John Gurner, Esq., who has filled the important office of Chief Clerk for a period of twenty-four years, Mr. H. Burton Bradley, Mr. William Hardy, Mr. John M'Bean ' MTntosh, Mr. John Stirling Hone, Mr. John Staple, and Messrs. Galan, Hubert Salway, and J oim Davis. — —During the year 1 839, 533 vessels entered the Colony of New South Wales, the tonnage of which was 135,474. — — In the case of Brennan v. Jones, for libel, the jury awarded JlilOO damages to the plaintiff.— — The Super intendent of Convicts has furnished a report of the number of prisoners in this Colony on the 30fch of J une last, of which the following is a digest There are, in Moreton Bay, 60 ; Port Macquarie, 7 47 ; in the surveyor-general's depart ment, 156 ; on the roads in irons, 1,265 ; second class prisoners at Illawarra, Cockatoo Island, and elsewhere, 214 ; medical department, 123 ; Com missariat department, 56 ; Hyde Park Barracks, 372 ; Port Phillip, 103 ; gaols throught the colony, 436 ; female factory, 707 ; holding tickets-of-leave, 8,27 8 ; in private service, 21,850 ; Norfolk Island roriginal conviction, 27 ; colonial penal crimes, 1,204; first conviction under new system, 610 ; total 38,305. — — A druggist in Sydney, a few days since, sent an ounce of oxalic acid from his shop wrapped up in a hit of an old newspaper, and without "Poison" being printed upon it. , This offence is finable. A verdict of man slaughter was found against Skewes, the second mate of the 'Ulls water,' for the murder of John Perry; sentence deferred.- — -Dr. Nicholson was thrown out of his gig on Monday, but, providen tially did not sustain any serious injury. The Chief Justice and Mr, Justice Stephen haye pro tested against the Census Bill ; Mr. Justice Willis favors the measure, Mr. Rennie's two Lec tures on the "Method of Studying and Improv ing the Mind," were listened to with intense in terest, by crowded audiences, on the evenings of Wednesday and Friday. The talented gentle man lectures again this evening. -His Excel lency the Governor has been pleased to appoint the following gentlemen to he magistrates of the \ territory and its dedendencies, viz.: — Thomas Barker, of Sydney, Esq. ; William Briggs, of Port Macquarie, Esq. ; Charles George Temple Chau- vel, of Mudgee, Esq. ; Ranulpli Dacre, of Syd ney, Esq. ; Vincent Dowling, of Dungog, Esq. ; Francis Forbes, of Skellater, Esq. ; Charles Nagel, of Merton, Esq. ; William North, of Carrington, Esq. ; John Sutherland, of Bathurst, Esq. ; John Thomson, of Geelong, Esq.; James Webster, of Geelong, Esq. ; Arthur Westraacoct, of Bullii, Esq.— — The Right Reverend the Catholic Bishop will sail for Europe in about a fortnight, accom panied by the Very Reverend Dr. Ullathorne and the Rev. H. Gregory. The monthly soiree of the Cecilian Society takes place this evening ; Monsieur Gautrot and Miss Strickland appear on the occasion. Mr. Plunkett having obtained leave of absence for two years, will sail for Eng land in a short time. Mr. Therry succeeds Mr. Plunkett as Attorney-General, and Mr, a' Beckett ... as Solicitor-General. — — By the arrival of the '.Tuscan,' from Hobart Town, on Monday last, we learn that the 'Janet Willis,' had arrived f&erS; from London, bringing English news to the 12th of July. A woman named Catherine : Wapshaw, was yesterday convicted in the Supreme Court of killing pne Catherine Phillips by push ing her on the fire, where she was so much in jured that she died in a few days. Both parties were drunk when the occurrence took place. djjS9 We regret that we cannot supply our new subscribers with the First Number ofthe Temperance Advocate; by a reference to our advertising columns it will be perceived that we are anxious, to" do so at the earliest possible moment. BWiWWWWU'WI f II'WWWI, I Reclaiming a drunkard.-r-Jack had been pressed into the service some fifty -years since, when the Navy list, the very antipodes of the present day, presented such a paucity of names, with so little of professional talent,, that a lieute nant, as all may have . heard, in tacking ship by the formula of Hamilton Moore, the leaf hap pening to blow over to that of another manoeuvre, vociferated .through the speaking-trumpet, instead of " mainsail haul," the order " let go the anchor." Jack having got rid of his sulks, and become reconciled to his "uncle's" (the cant name given by seamen to Majesty) navigation, being a smart active young fellow, with, for those days, a good education, viz., a smattering of fading, penman ship, arithmetic as far as the Rule of Three, and nautical science to the extent of a day's work, was placed on the quarter-deck as a midshipman, and subsequently as mate. Jack had hitherto been a sober steady fellow, but becoming con troller of the tub, that bane of even nicer morals than Jack's, and having a liberal purser, he gradually began to " bouse up his jib," degene rated into an habitual soaker, and, having passed his examination several years without any pro spect of ever emerging from a cockpit, became reckless of his character, was one of six or seven other hopeful youths turned out of the Royal Billy, and finally found his way into the P . In spite of his propensity, Jack managed to get through his duty as a mate of the lower deck, and that, too,., with the approbation of the first lieu tenant, who endeavoured to wink at his unfor tunate failing, His good-nature, moreover, mak ing him a general favourite, all were anxious to .serve him and prevent him from committing him self: this, however, was no easy task ; while grog was in the way there was no answering for him ; every method had been exhausted in endeavour ing to wean him from this inclination to suction, but no babe clung with greater pertinacity to the breast of its mother than poor Jack to the bottle. In short " 'twas his larboard and starboard." At length his messmates having held a coun cil over his inanimate carcass as it lay mortally extended in the after cockpit, agreed on the fol lowing experimental effort to reclaim him. Stripped of all his garments, the ship's tailors were immediately employed in taking them in at the seams. In indeavouring to pull on his trousers in the morning he was accosted by one of the plotters with, "What the d ails you Jack? your face is swelled like a pumpkin!" Another, " Only look at the size of his arms!" — he takes up his jacket, and finds he could not get it on; presently comes the doctor's mate with a grave professional look, who, feeling his pulse, pronounces him at once to he poisoned, prescribes an emetic, and immediately after a powerful sudorific. Meanwhile the poor patient, and patient enough he was under the discipline, persuaded . that he really was in a very bad way from his intemperate habits, permitted himself to be stowed av/ay between the medicine chests, in the cockpit, with every great coat or cloak that could be found, covered over him. While enjoy ing a sound nap, after the exhausting operation of the medicine, the reefs were all shaken out of his clothes. On turning put, with the face of a ghost, and a pose the colour of indigo, he could scarcely stagger from weakness, -and wondered at the reduction in his bulk indicated by the easy resumption of his toggery. The joke had' a very salutary effect, and so completely had it deluded his imagination, that it was some months before he was at all aware of ifc. — Bower's Nayae Ad ventures, Zoological Society.-5 — The forthcoming Part of the Proceedings of this Society, will contain a communication from Mr. Gould, the Ornitholo gist, of whose "whereabouts " we have from tim® to time been enabled to inform our readers. The. following are the observations made on hi® voyage to Van Diemen's Land. " The early part of the passage was boisterous and reverse, our ship being detained eleven days in the Bay ©f Biscay, during which period numbers of land- birds, all of European species, constantly visited the vessel ; but as no great interest attaches itself to this chance occurrence, I shall confine my ob» servations more particularly to those species that make the expansive ocean their own, and whos® naturiai limits have been bat slightly recorded. The niimbers of the genus Thalassidrorna wer® the birds to which my especial attention was di rected, from the circumstance of the group being but slightly understood, and from the great inter est these little tenants of the ocean excite in th® mind of the voyager. Immediately off th® Land's. End, Wilson's Storm Petrel, ( Thalassi drorna Wilsonit) was seen in abundance, and' continued to accompany the ship throughout thar bay. The little Storm Petrel (Thalassidrorna pelagica., S el by J was also seen, but in far lesjs number; both species disappeared on approach ing the latitude of Madeira, their place tber® ; being occupied by another species, which I to© k to be Thai Baliveri. This latitude was also' favourable to the Shearwaters, (Pvffnus cinerem and Tuff, ob scums), the former being there in great numbers. W e came to anchor in the road stead of Santa Cruz, Island of Tcrieriffe, on the 11th of June. During our short stay at thi island, I proceeded as far into the interior as cir cumstances would permit, and spent a part of fcw® days most delightfully. Among the birds I ob served during my rambles were the Common.' Blackbird ( Merula vulgaris, Ray/, the Robiss (Erythaca rubecula , Swains/, and the Blackcap Warbler, ( Curruca atrieapilla, Bechst./, — a mcr southern locality, I believe, than has be.eri hitherto' recorded against these species. We crossed th® equator on the 7th of July, having, been mor® than twenty days within the tropics, pars q.t which time our vessel lay becalmed. This portihn . of tlie ocean's surface. was also inhabited by stcirra Petrels, but of a distinct species from any I had hitherto observed, and which I believe to be new to science, These birds, with now and thea » solitary lihynchops and Frigate Bird ( Tachypeim) were all of the feathered race that I observed m these heated latitudes, On the 20tli of July reached the 26th degree of south latitude, and were visited! for tbe first time by the Cape Petrel ( Procellaria capensis, of authors!. On the 23rd, lat. 31 10' S., long. 24 W., we found ourselves in seas literally teeming with the feathered race- Independently of an abundance of Cape Petrels,, two other species and three kinds of Albatrossc were observed around bs-. The latter were THo- moedia exulans , D. cTilororhyneha, and D. jpulige- nosa. A few days after this we commenced running; down our longitude, and from, this time till vr® reached the shores of Van Diemen's Land, several species of this family (Proccffiarhdce) were daily in company with the ship. As I had every reason to expect, I found the Australian seas inhabited by their own peculiar Storm Petrels (Thalassidrorna) T- four distinct species of which I have already ob served since leaving the Cape. From the west erly winds which prevail in the southern hemi sphere, between the latitudes 35 and 55®, I ai induced to believe that a perpetual migration i carried on by several of the members of tbi oceanic family continually passing from west t® east, and continually circumnavigating this por tion of the globe. Tliis remark more particularly refers to the Albatrosses, Prions and other larg. kinds of Petrels : the same individuals of several of these species having been observed to follow our ship for some thousands of,. jiffies. Until I had ascertained that they were, nocturnal, it was a matter of surprise to me, how the birds which were seen around the vessel at rnightfall were t® be observed crossing our wake at daybreak on th® following morning, the ship having frequently run a distance of nearly one hundred miles during the night. - -Athen&rrm.; Extinction of Slavery. — The first anniver sary meeting of the society for the extinction of the slave trade, and for the civilization of Africa, was held on Monday, June 1st, at Exeter Hall, London, His Royal Highness Prince Albert in the chair. The object of this society is to com bine the influence of the whole civilized world in the entire abolition of the detestible traffic in human beings, and also to carry out benevolent plans for the civilization of Africa. The sodiety proposes to do this without party bias, and al ready in its ranks are to be "found men of all political creeds and religious opinion. Princes ;and legislators— men, of science and learning- are joining the Glarksons and the Buxtons in this keaven-horn undertaking. On the continent of Europe the subject is .being warmly espoused, and even in America the importance of universal emancipation is gaining ground, and must even tually triumph. On the present occasion Prince Albert, who , seemed to. feel most sensibly the truly English and enthusiastic reception which had greeted his entrance into the hall, proceeded with great distinctness , and. with a . very slight foreign accent, to open the business of the day. His Royal Highness said— I have been induced tri preside at the meeting of this society from a conviction of its paramount importance to the great interests of humanity and justice. (Cheers) I deeply regret that the benevolent and perse vering exertions of England to. abolish that atro cious traffic in human beings, at. once the desola tion of Africa, and the blackest stain upon civil ized: Europe, have not as. yet lead to any satis factory conclusion. But I sincerely trust that this great country will not relax in its efforts until it has finally and for ever put an end to a . state of things so repugnant to the spirit of Chris tianity,, and to the best feelings of our nature. (Tremendous applause.) Let us,, therefore, trust . that Providence will prosper our exertions in so holy a, cause, and that under the auspices of our . Queen (cheering, for some minutes) and her Go vernment, we may at no distant period be re garded by the accomplishment of the great ancl humane object for , the promotion of which we have this day met. (Loud and continued cheer ing.) The meeting was subsequently addressed by tlm Bishops 'of Winchester and Chichester";' the Marquis of Northampton ; the Earls of Ripon and Chichester; Lords Ashley, :Sandon, and . Howick ; Sirs T. D. Acland, Robert Peel, George Murray, Barts. ; the venerable Archdeacon Wil- lerforce, Dr. Lushington, Rev. Dr. Bunting, Rev. Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Fowell Buxton, &c.; 