port bitlUp. (From the Port Pliltip Gazette, Aug. 14.) EDUCATION. We publish today the report, and resolutions thereon, of the committee appointed to consider the best principles upon which to establish a college or academical institution in lielbourne. We certainly do not approve of the fundamental laws, being fully persuaded that they are too sectarian for the liberal sty of the present age in a British province. " " " It appears to the committee that it would be necessary to make provisions in the proposed institu. lion for communicating instruction in the following branches of secular education, viz.:- " 1. English grammar, elocution, and the ele ments of English composition. "2. Writing, arithmetic, bookkeeping, geography, and history. "3. lMathematics, and the elementary branches of natural philosophy and natural history. "The imporiant subject of religious instruction has occupied largely the attention of the committee, and they have come to the conclusion that, in the circumstances of our community, the seminary called the Mlartiniere, in Calcutta. furnishes a pre cedent that may be advantageously followed. For this institution a scheme of instruction was drawn up and sanctioned by the Protestant and [Roman Catholic Bishops, and the Senior Minister of the church of Scotland, in the Indian capital. In this scheme it is provided that instruction in the funda mental truths of Christianity be communicated daily and publicly by the head master to all the pupils it being left to the pastors of the different denomrina tions to teach'the youth of their respective flocks all the matters which relate to discipline, church government, the sacraments, and other subjects on which differences, more or less important, exist. " The following are tie fundamental truths which it is recommended the public religious instructions should embrace: "I. The beingof a God; his unity and perfections. " 2. The holy scriptures of the Old and New Testament, a revelation inspired by the Holy Ghost. " 3. The mystery of the adorable Trinity. " 4. The Deity, incarnation, atonement, and inter cession of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. " 6. The fall and corruption of man; his account. ablenessand guilt. " 6. Salvation through grace by the meritorious sacrifice and redemption of Christ. "7. The personality and Deity of the Holy Spirit. and his operations and grace in the sanctification of man. " 8. The indispensable obligation of repentance towards God, faith in Christ, and continued prayer for the grace of the holy spirit. " 9. The moral duties which every christian is bound to perform towards God, his neighbour and himself, as they are summed up in the ten com mandments, and enlarged upon in other parts of the Holy Scriptures, all based on the doctrines above specified, and enforced as their proper fruits. "This instruction is recommended to be drawn chiefly from the Holy Scriptuses themselves, such simple instruction being given in a catechetical form as may be adapted to the capacities of the pupils, on the points which fall within the limits of the public teaching-all matters which touch on controversy being sedulously avoided. With respect to versions of the Holy Scriptures, it is provided that the English authorised version be used in the general religious services of the in. stitution; but when Roman Catholic pupils are required to have the Holy Scriptures in their hands, and to learn lessons or receive direct re. ligious instructions from them, their own version of Douay and Itheims is permitted to be employed, but without notes or comments; care being taken that when reading, they be classed by themselves, that no confusion may arise by the variations in the readings. With respect to devotional exercises, the committee beg to suggest that a form of prayer, to be hereafter approved of, be used morn ing and evening. As the religious character and tenets of instructors are on all hands felt to be of great importance, and are regarded by parents with mnuch anxious interest, the committee have agreed to recommend that the Head Master of the projected Institution be a Protestant, believing in and possessing ihe tenets embodied in the Doctrinal Articles of the Church of England (!!) They cannot close this branch of their report without observing in the words of the framers of the scheme which they have re commended for adoption, that they " feel a great. confidence that by this union of public and religious inltruction, on the basis of the great doctrines of redemption, held by,the Universal church, with the private inculcation of, what regards church disci. pline, the sacraments, and other matters of contro- versy, the practical blessings of a christian education may be conveyed to the children without indifference and latitudinarianism on the one hand, or a spirit of debate and proselytism on the other." GoVERNSIENT LAND? SALE.-IU our present num ber we give the result of the government land sale on Thursday last, from which, although all agree that not one allotment was considered too dear, some estimate may be formed of the rising greatness of Australia Felix. We were rejoiced to witness the good feeling which was manifested, especially in the purchase of allotments for the different rehli gious bodies; it is true, that in two instances opposition was made, but such we understand was in ignorance of the purposes for which the allotments were intended : and, although the Wesleyans did, not succeed equally with their brothion of other deno. iitiations, we are persuaded that they will be eventually no losers. Grand total, £24,249. laEAD.-'lThe price of bread is at present Is. Od. the 4lb loaf, which is much beyond what should be charged, according to the rate of flour. The fear of God can never be taught by constables, nor the pleasures of religion be learnt from a common informpr.?-Sydrey 8misth. CORN LAWs.--A now feature has occurred in the Anti-Corn Law agitation which is going on through the country. The board of guardians, in many places, have taken up the subject, and are forwarding petitions to the legis lature for the repeal of the corn laws. It will be a singular thing if these boards, called into ex istence by the landowners to rescue them from the frightful ravages which pauperism was inflicting upon property, should prove instrumental in relieving the country from an evil which is the parent of more pauperism than all other causes put together. But the subject has also been taken up in other quarters. We observe that the Bath town council have resolved, by a large majority, to address the legislature on this all-absorbing topic.--Albion. ST. PATRICK'S DAY.-On Tuesday last, being St. Patrick's Day, the members of the various Ithbernian Societies and qther natives of the s'ster country assembled in large numbers and had a procession through the principal streets. They were for the most part well dressed and adorned with handsome sashes and rosettes, and, to their credit be it said, we did not observe a single drunken man amongst them. They were, of course, accompanied by flags and banners, many of which were beautiful and new for the occasion, and with music, some of which was very so so. The Roman Catholics attended divine service at St. Patrick's chapel, where a sermon was preached by the Rev. S. Maddocka, of Copperas-hill. The procession afterwards formed again, traversed other parts of the town, and in the evening the members adjourned to their club-houses and other places of entertainment to dinner. The day was very ine, and we are happy to say that it passed off without the slightestdisturbance or breach of the peace. A small but select party sat down to an excellent dinner at the public-house kept by Mlr. Robert Withell, 126, St. James's street. The land lord, who is an Englishman, took that opportunity of testifying his gratitude towards his Irish friends, by inviting them to dinner on the celebration of the anniversary of their patron saint. Mr. Duffy was in the chair, and Mr. Carter occupied the vice-chair. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drunk; of course, not forgetting St. Patrick; and the health of the worthy landlord was received in the most flatter ing manner. The wines were excellent, and the evening was spent in the utmost conviviality and good feeling.-.-lbion. 