CHERRIES. White Heart, J. R. Kenworthy, Esq. ; May Duke, Joseph Bonney, Esq. ; ditto, 2nd prize, John Fell. Black Heart, D. M'Kenzie, black- smith; ditto, 2nd prize, J. W. Gleadow, Esq. Cherry Plums, J. W. Gleadow, Esq. : Dried ditto, T. B. Bartley. CURRANTS Black Curants, A. B. Jones, Esq. White ditto, J. Bonney ; ditto, 2nd prize, J. H Ken worthy. Red Currants, J. Bonney ; ditto, 2nd prize, H. Dry, Esq. GOOSEBERRIES, Small Red Rough. Joseph Bonney ; large red rough, (7 competitors) ditto ; Green Cham pagne Gooseberry, (7 competitors) ditto ; large green ditto, S. Smillie, gardener. Raspberries, D. M'Kenzie, blacksmith. (The finest raspberries were those of J. Cox, Esq., of Clarendon ; but owing to their not reaching the exhibition till past twelve o'clock, after the Judges had given their decisions, they were precluded from receiving a prize.) j. ArIi?nd/^3rr'fcir Stone Pippins, J.C. Underwood ; ditto 2nd prize, French Crabs, T. B. Bartley. FLOWERS, The best Boquet, C. S. Henty, Esq.; second best, Thomas Bates; extra prize, Miss Wake field. The best Boquet of native flowers, Mas ter Smith of Marchinton; the second best, Miss Ellen Cox of Clarendon. The best Fuchsia. C S. Henty: Seedling Pansey, ditto ; best Bel lam, J. C. Underwood. VEGETABLES, Turnips, (early white Sat) W. Porter, Esq. Potatoes, ashleaved kidney, W. Nunn,gar. dener; ditto, Brown's River, J. Smillie, gar. dener ; ditto, white rough, J. R. Kenworthy ; ditto, seedling, James Ross, gardener. Potatoe Onion, D. M'Kenzie; silver-skinned ditto, J. Moore ; common onion, William Nunn . KIDKEY BEANS, Best Runneirs, (dinner runner) S. Smillie ; ditto dwarf, (the black negro) J. Knight, gar dener. PEAS. Knight's Marrowfat*, (runners) W. H. Gougb,hEsq;. ; ditto ditto, (dwarf) George Mee, gardener. Broad Beans. (Windsor) J. Brtihty. Best Cucumber, (frame) George Mee. : ditto ditto, (open air) P. M'Kenzie; ditto seed, George Mee. Best Cabbage, (Buttersea) W. Porter. Best Lettuce, J, Smith, Marchinton. Apricots (extra prize), Geo. Pyle. Lady Franklin's prize, John Moore, adjoining the Iron Foundry. Dr. Brown's prize, for ticket-of-leave, J. Knight, gardener. Society's prize, J. Joss, gardener ; ditto accoad prize, p. M.Kensie. ' F»T*L AxcwEMT. — On Thursday evening tbe carpenter of the Madrai, accompanied by several others of the crew, proceeded in a boat from the Queen's Wharf alongside their vessel, upon attempting to a-ccnd tlie side of the barque, the carpenter lost his hold and fell into the water, all attempts to save him we— use less. The body was fuund in about half an tour, but the viral spark hud lied. . Corraii Money ? The scarcity of this use /ul-poruon** the circulating medium, has be come very scarce, whereby the public is seri ously inconvenienced. An enquiry having been set on foot to ascertain the cause of the scar , city, it turnsout, that it has been melted down and made into sheets for the coppering of , vessels. Ratocr u profitable speculation, when ; in that state it sells at three and sixpence |-cr pound. I Geitcli. tie attorney at Pontypoo), and son. ; in-law of Frost the Cliartist, at present sojourn. ing »t Port ArUjur, appears in a fail way of 1 whtyr his bigBly respectable relation, having \- fuiRtd the acceptance Df Mi» Racine! Herbert, ! of Hill House, Aliergavenny, and Mr. Edmund ! Williams, to lha lunc of £5000, upon I lie Newpoit Bank. Taken altogether, this anneara , rather a rrspccUUe family. I Convict Turn tinea.— The Mlowiiig is a specimen of the u'Uil insolence of assigned servants towards their masters at the present se»w-n of tie ytat, Voowjng ai they do, tliot labour is scarce, and difficult to be obtained. Thomas Wood, an|gned to Mr. R. M. Strick. land, win chained ijjf his matter with imnibordi. nation. Mr. S. stated thai the prisoner was assigned to him tie previous day from the barracks, and he arrived ut his farm about two o'clock. Prisoner dated in reply to a question put to him, that he bad had his dinner i Mr. S. give him tome Wine, and directed him to go out and work with the ether men, when the ptisoncr replied, he mutt Drstof all see what description of slops be was to have. Mr. Sliick land then put it to biin whether he would or would nw work, to which hi replied th«! he ' would not. He was then Jidercd to accom pany his matter into town. On tbe road, Mr. S. asked him bow long be had been hi the Colony, and upon his repl- ing two years, re marked ili&l; ha was a new hand '. yes, replied the prisoner, but I'll soon be an old one if 1 meet with many such felloni as you. 'Iritt'ead or accompanying bis master to the watch-house us directed, he ran away and guve himself up at the barracks, from whence he wus Iwnded over to the police. The Bench very propel) sentenced him to receive fifl y lashes, and then to be assigned to the Campbell Town district, Mr. Strickland -lccltnitig again to receive him into his service. . . CoitONCH'a lNfti'BST ? On Friday un inquest was convened before P. A.MulKravc, Esquire, Coroner, at the Ship Inn, St. John-street, on ilie body of the carpenter of the barque Ma drai, who was drowned the previous afternoon. It appeared in evidence, that dcccascased in attempting to ascend the side uf his vessel lost his hold and fell into the water; all attempts to save him were of no effect. The jury re turned a verdict of ' Accidentally Drowned.' Dreadful. Accident On Friday night between the llnurs of ten and eleven, a man named Michael Farrell, residing in Welliiinton street, in a state of intoxication, placed his head upon a table alongside a candle which was burning; he was in his shirt sleeves. From some cause yet unexplained, his shirt caught fire, in which state he rushed into the street; upon the flames being put out, he wus conveyed to the Hospital, where it was found tbat he was most dreadfully burned from the neck to the hip— lie is contidcred out of dan 8«r Monc Bolting.— Two- cases of bolting have recently occuired. which shall not pass over without a notice from us. The frequency of clandestine escapes from the colony call loudly for a legislative cnactmrnt to prevent it, and we earnestly hope that the subject Jfill be brought forward before the Council by some of tbe Members, at its next meeting. Sale or Stock it Qooen Hill on Wednes day last. ? When it is considered that very many fettled art Mill busy, washing mid shear ing, and that the hay harvest is at its height, Mr. Macmichael may be said to have had a well attended sale; prices, however, were decidedly lower than at any of the aiore recent sales. The sheep were in good condition, and realized _ two-tooth ewes, 11s.; four-tooth ditto, Uf. 6d. to 12s. 6d. ; full-mouthed, 8s. 3d ; lambs (ewe). 7'. Gd. ; ditto (wether). Us. 6d. Superior working bullocks readied as high as £42 per pair. Well-bred cows with col.es at their sides, £10 to £16, and one or two still higher, Beiborough was colj to Mr. O'Connor, for £680. Horses or all sorts were at a discount, and upon the uliolc the sale was lather a dull The sale of allotments by Mr. Falkincr at Campbelton, on Wednesday lust, furnMied another proof of the prosperity which seems to attach to everything connected ivith that town ship. For an allotment of 10 new, t,il-divided into eleven, the price of £748 10s. w*s realised ; and fur the largest portiuu wot bought for I lie immediate purpose of erecting dwelling-houses thereon. There are few, if any, who envy the Camp beltonians their good fortune ; but the contrast which poor neglected and abused Ross exhibits, attracts very general notice. There arc several houses in that township which cannot now be sold for one*half tbe cost of their erection. The causes which have led tp the desolation of tbe latter township, are well known; the Government and their officers are alone to blame ? And strange and instructive would be the evidence wiiich could be afforded thereon by tbe Director-General of Public Works and the Police MhjninM of the district. u «/ I^a.Ji*' did 'ice vilh iumm' eyci and »uw'*jlA Ait own eon,' as he at tint promised us, both eyes and ears must have long since been stopped. So lagranl an abuse of power might tie supposed to be of importance enough to attract the attehtion of even that ghost «f a Government we labour under ? Com tfHiudctit* 