Legislative Council. TUESDAY, JUNE 2. 1840. Present.:-The Governor, Commander of the Forces, Colonial Secretary. Attomey General, Col- lector of Customs, Auditor-General, Messrs. Berry, Jones, M'Arthur, Sir John Jamison, and J. M'Ar thur. Absent:-The Lord Bishop of Australia, the Chief Justice, Messrs. Campbell and Blaxland. James M'Arthur, Esq , was sworn in as a Mem- ber of Council. The oaths were administered by Mr. McPherson, Clerk to the Council. The Governor referred, in the first place, to the Insolvent Laws, and begged the attention of the Council to that bill. The one he alluded to was known as Judge Burton's bill; he wished to know how far the Council would adopt the proceedings of the committee of last year. He stated that it would be necessary to remodel the bill altogether. It was a very long bill, and contained above one hundred clauses, and of course would be attended with great labour, which labour he hoped would not be in vain. The question was, whether they would adopt Judge Burton's, or Judge Stephen's bill. His Excellency then read the following minute on the subject : " I again feel it my duty t0 draw the attention of the Council to the Insolvent Law of the Colony. In the year 1838, on the recommendation of the Judges, I presented a Bill to the Council, which had been drawn up by Mr. Justice Burton on the model of the Insolvent Law of the Cape of Good Hope ; the Bill having been referred to the Com- mittee, evidence was taken on it, the effect of which went to show that though the principles of the Bill was approved by a great majority of the witnesses examined, the method of proceeding under it was objected to on account of the apparent complexity of its details. The Committee did not report until late in the session, and consequently nothing was done in that year, save the re-enactment for two years (with slight alterations) of the law of 1832 then about to expire. In 1839 the same Bill was again referred to a committee, principally for the purpose of obtaining the evidence of Mr. Justice Stephen, then recently arrived from Van Diemen's Land, where the subject of Insolvency had engaged much of his attention. This committee reported, on the 17th September last, and recommended that the bill presented by me in 1838 should be with- drawn, and that another, founded on the same prin- ciples, but altered in its detail, should be brought forward in the present session. Before, however I undertake to prepare such a bill, I am anxious to ascertain the extent to whieh the Council will ad- here to the views of their committee, as otherwise much loss of labour and of time may be occasioned, which will be the more inconvenient as the tempo- rary law of 1838 will expire on the 1st October next. The resolution on which I propose to lake the sense of the Council, will simply express the adherence of the Council to the recommendation of the committee ; but it will of course be competent to the Council so to alter the resolution, as to fix in any other manner the principle of the bill, or if an insolvent law be deemed unnecessary, to dispense with the Bill altogether. The great objects of either a bankrupt or an insolvent law, are to rescue the person of a debtor from imprisonment, unless he shall he found guilty of a fraud or concealment, and to secure to his creditors the equal, or rateable division of the whole of his property. The present law of the Colony, does not answer either of these purposes ; It does not secure the person of a debtor from successive imprisonments, neither does it ensure the equitable division of his property among his creditors. It gives to the harsh or unmerciful creditor an undue advantage over the mild or or merciful one, and it subjects .the insolvent to successive imprisonments, at the successive suits of his creditors, there being no process by which they can be forced all to come forward at the same time ; and with .respect to insolvents absent fiom the Colony, or not in custody, it is altogether inopera- tive, the consequence of which was in a late noto- rious case, that instead of one process being instituted for the equal benefit of all the creditors, a vast number ot separate proceedings, (I believe more than fifty) by foreign attachment or otherwise, were entered in the Supreme Court, and no dividend has as yet I believe been paid to the creditors. In Eng- land as in New South Wales under the law as it now stands, imprisonment is necessary preliminary to the benefit of the insolvent act, whilst on the contrary no imprisonment is necessary to entitle a person to the benefit of the bankrupt laws, which laws moreover apply only to traders. Another dif- ference is that property acquired in any after period of life, may be taken in satisfaction of debts incurred prior to insolvency, whilst property acquired by a by a person who has been a bankrupt; and obtained his certificate, cannot be so taken. There is perhaps little reason for either of these distinctions between insolvency and bankruptcy, especially in a country like New South Wales, where, with few exceptions, almost every person is engaged in some sort of traffic; and it is alto worthy of remark, that Com- missioners have recently been appointed io England, to consider how the two .sets of laws, and the sepa- rate courts which at present exist for bankruptcy and insolvency, may be united and a system estab- lished to comprehend all cases. The leading prin- ciples of the bill, prepared by Mr. Justice Burton, and recommended by the Judges in 18388 were,~ 1st, That any, person, whether a trader or not, might on finding himself in .difficulties, voluntarily declare himself insolvent; and that any ,person having the arrangement of the estate of another, might do the same in respect to it. 2ndly, That any person, whether present in, or absent from the Co- lony, might under circumstances of inability to meet the demands against bim, be declared ¡nsolvent by a process analogous to that by which in England, a man is made a bankrupt. 3 dly, That in either case, the personal liberty of the insolvent should not he invaded, except by way of punishment for fraud or concealment, but that the whole of his property should be got at, and divided equally and rateably among his creditors. 4thly, That property ac- quired in after li??le should not be answerable for debts incurred before insolvency provided a certain majority of his creditors, both in number and value, concur in granting a certificate similar to the certifi- cate in conformity granted to a bankrupt in England. These principles are also fully adopted by the com- mittee of 1839, the alterations recommended by that committee, at the suggestion of Mr Justice Stephen, having reference only to the working out of these principles, or to the modus operandi of the measure. The duel objections which have been urged against the principles of the bill, may be summed up as follows:- 1 That the head of the severities to which an inso!vent is now exposed being removed, many per- sons will be induced to declare themselves insolvent who might otherwise struggle on, and ultimately overcome their difficulties 2 That in the same way many creditors will compel their debtors to become insolvent, though they might refrain from doing so, if obliged, as at present to have recourse to the harsh measures of incarceration. 3 That insolvents being thus rendered more ccm mon than they now are, the apprehension of loss through the insolvency of others will become more general than it now is and that, as a natural conse- quence, the disposition to give credit will be dimi- nished, and commercial enterprise will be cramped in proportion. 4\. That a practice of surrender, or cessio bonorum by private arrangement, exists in the Colony, under which insolvencies are frequently arranged in a satisfactory manner, though not strictly according to legal forms, and perhaps on this very account less expensively than they could be if the parties were forced to go into Court. 5\. And lastly that an insolvent law somewhat similar to that which is now proposed, was in force in the Colony (11 Geo 4th No. 7 ) for two years, from April 1830, to April 1832, but was abandoned partly in consequence of the expense whioh it oc- casioned in law proceedings, and partly from the increased number of insolvencies which occurred under it. That credit is necessary to commerce is an axiom too well established to be denied but at the same time, there must be a point beyond which it ceases to be advantageous ; and without attempt- ing to decide where this point is to be fixed, it may perhaps be considered that in the present state of our community, any thing which tends to produce caution in the giving of credit, is advisable rather than otherwise. A relaxation in the severities to which debtors are now exposed may perhaps be reasonably expected to have the effect of inducing such caution, but on the other hand, if it fail to do so, it will encourage rather than repress hazardous enterprises by diminishing the apprehension of per- sonal disgrace or suffering, consequent upon failure The question to be decided by the Council is a very grave as well as a very wide one for it is not to be concealed that either a sudden contraction of credit in the Colony, or a great prevalence of avowed in- solvency would greatly check its forward movement, and by diminishing the revenue derived from the sale of crown lands might stop the course of emigration, to which we all look as the chief means of our pros- perity; whilst on the other hand, a system of credit, so expensive as to give berth to schemes and specu- lations, incommensurate with our real capital or strength, though productive, for the moment, of great seeming prosperity, may only lay the founda- tion of reverses, such as of late years have been experienced in America and have at different epochs seriously affected Great Britain. I will only, in conclusion, observe, that an insolvent law cannot create insolvencies, though it may unmask a good many. " Proposed Resolution - That this Council does adhere to and adopt the recommendation of the committee to which the insolvent bill, presented by His Excellency the Governor on the 11th of June, 1839 was referred, and that His Excellency be consequently requested by this Council to cause the said bill lo be so modified in its details, as to meet the recommendation of the committee. He then stated that the resolution should be put ; that the Council adopt the recommendations of the Committee of 1839; and that Mr. Justice Stephen be requested to remodel it, which, His Excellency Stated, that gentleman had said could be done io three weeks Mr. Jones said that there had been three hundred esses of insolvencies in Van Diemen's Land in three years, while a similar bill was in force. When such was the case in a small Colony, what would it be in this under such an Act! It was then moved and carried that this resolu- tion be taken into consideration on Tuesday, the 15th instant. The Governor, before calling the order of the day, drew the attention of the Council to the papers be had laid before the Council in reference io the Ordnance B ^I. The Board stated that they would not object to giving up the ground on which the barracks now stand, if new barracks were built for them, and it remained for the Council to agree with this or not, as they thought proper. It was merely a matter of pounds, shillings, and pence, and he thought the best way would be to refer the matter to the investigation ol a Sub-cormnittee. I here wak one condition which might have escaped their notice which was thal the Board must be pul in ' lecal possession," which could not be done unlessithe Ordnance Bill passed I bough they might have I actual jiosse sion, unless the bill passed they oould not have legal possession. I he (ollowiug gentlemen were appointed members of the Committee i-J be Colonial secretary, Audi- tor General, Messi*. Berry, Jones, and air John Jamie ii. 1 he order of the day was ihen called second reading of the Juiy Act Continuation Bill. Mr. M'Arthur hoped that this bill had reference to the supposed Circuit Courts. the Governor slated thai be had said at the first reading ot the hill that it was merely brought for ward on account of the expiration of tbe last bill in a few months, «ni that the question of grand juries would not be involved, f i he bill was .> cordingly read a secoi d time, and ordeied to be read a third time on Tuesday, the 9th instant. The order of the day was then called for the se- cond reading of the' Bushranging Act" Air H. Macaithur hoped that the Council would (rame a better bill than tbe one at present before the Council, winch was not at all calculated to ensure the peace of the Colony. I he question on th s fuuject, on a furmer day, had made a wrongimpres s on out of doois what seemed to be that his object was to hive criminals executed wubin twenty-iour hours after conviction, »uo i was notwhat he wanted His object in touching upon thal bill that day was to know why the bill hid not been carried uno | effect t lhere was no safely for life or pioperly even on the ros I between Sydney and Parramatta No settler could go fr m lann io farm except in r company^ and armed to the very teeth, thee was no safety for the settlers Of New Sou h Wales, un- less some means be taken to have tbe law canted strictiy into effect ihe Attorney General stated that hi* honorable friend (Mr Macarthur) was evidently labouring under a mistake. There were no alterations in any respect fiom the time the bill was first put in use except in the clause respecting the time of execution after passing the sentence of death. He further stated, that during the time he held office, he had never prayed for judgment on that clause, nor would he ever do so. I be learned gentleman quoted the English law largely on the subject. He considered that the law would have been inconsistent if he had done «o. He supposed the case of two convict« illegally st large, une of them went one way an d the other another. 1 he intent of both is to commt I robbery, io the execution of which the one commits a grievous assault and the oilier murder. 1 hey are each tried for the several charges and found guilty, the one is death, as in any other case of murder, but the olher, lor assault, comes under ibis Act, and «tut fae dealt wita in a more summary manner than the other, and be must be banged in 34 hours! 1 be law of robbery was not the same as it had been. It u now divided into many grades, and it is not in the power of a Judge to sentence them to deaib. Under a misconception of the Act, Mr. Macarthur had laid a heavy charge against him, that it was on account of his refusing to act that the bushrangers were emboldened to the commission -of so many depredations, the Attorney General quoted pat* »ages from the bill in support of his assertion ) the only clause in the Act willi wbicb the public prose- cutor had io do, is in the sixth clause, which ordered 'every person to be executed twenty-four hours after sentence of death is passed upon him. Whatever laws reflected against him in the execution of his duty, t was certainly not the Busbranging' Act. He called upon the honorable gentleman, or any other person, to bring forward any case of robbery in which he had not brought the parties to trial as speedily as possible. He had often asked the Judges to sit after the criminal sessions of the Supreme Court had finished on cases which he considered necessary to bring tbe parties speedily to trial, but except in a very few cases he had been invariably refused. He had applied on this Act once to Mr. Justice Burton, when he was acting as Solicitor GeneraI, and was refused by that Judge. On after consideration he agreed with him, there was, in fact, no terror to them in immediate death, for in fact they were tired of life. He then called upon the honorable gentle- man to shew in what he had been remiss in the execution of his duty , he called upon him to put his finger on one sentence of the Bushranging Act which he had neglected. Mr. Macarthur explained that he did not allude to the execution of criminals; he was as far from being an enemy to mercy as any member present The Attorney Geneial said since that was the case there was no use of his entering into the law regard- ing robbery. It was explained in English law. No change was - Mr. H. Macarthur interrupted him by saying that it was the original and not tbe amended bill he allu- ded to. The Collector of Customs could see no objection to the bill, but he thought it great folly that if a man shot another man, inflicting on him a dreadful wound, but who after great bodily agony recovered, that the offender should escape without being hanged The Governor stated that there was a man in gaol at the present time under sentence of death, though the man did not die of the wound. Mr. Berry complained that a bushranger was not more severely punished than any other robber; he may have committed a hundred robberies, burnt a hundred houses, and escape with only a very slight punishment. The laws of England were only ap- plicable for the free inhabitants of the colony; there ought to be other laws respecting convicts ; there were hundreds sent out here who would have been hanged by the former law of England. Mr. ^. Macarthur regretted that the Attorney General should have for a moment supposed that he had a desire to charge him with a want of duty. He now found that there was no law except to ap- pretend a free man on suspicion of being a bush- ranger. Ile thought that every convict bushranger found carrying arms should suffer death, and which he had understood was the object of the bill. If a convict is found carrying arms he is only subject to fourteen years transportation! Very likely he may he a convict for life as it is and very likely may have committed many robberies. It was an overstretch of philanthropy to say " give them time to repent of their sins " Did they ever give the poor settler time to repent of his? No, he was savagely murdered in cool blood, without having time to exclaim - "God help me!" The honourable gentleman then drew a vivid picture of many of the atrocities which had taken place up the country. The Governor stated that the present Bill merely related to the apprehension, not to the punishment of individuals. He wished to know who were the parties to be blamed for the law not being put in force - Was it the Government? Certainly not. Was it the Magistrates or Police? Some faults might be attributed to them, but he had no hesita- tion in saying that it was the public themselves who were to blame. He had never heard of the law being put in force by any of the public but once. and that was by an old woman who was gathering sticks and saw a man whom she conceived to be a bushranger or the ghost of one, she went to the chief constable of the district and asked him to ap- prehend him. He told her to be gone for an old fool. She lodged information against the constable, who was fined £5 for the offence. There was one clause in the bill which he was sorry to say had never been carried into effect; he alluded to the one which authorised constables to break open the doors of any house, at any hour, and search it for bushrangers; he had never heard of this having been done but he wished it had, as he had no doubt that many houses were the recepticles of these pests of society. His Excellency further stated that the Government had been greatly accused on this subject -it had been called vacillating and careless on the subject. Nothing could be done, unless Government was assisted by the people themselves. He could mention the names of many persons whose conduct had been pusilanimous and cowardly in the extreme, who had allowed unarmed men to enter into their parlours and rob them before their own faces, and yet these people would blame Govern- ment for this! he had a good mind to mention the names of those parties and hold them up to public obloquy and scorn. The people did not now assist Government as they used to do; he knew the reason of that; it was because they had to pay the expenses of their own police and gaols, instead of having it paid by the Home Government. The public press was in a great measure the cause of this; they ex- aggerated every case, and in many instances were guilty of gross fabrication, by relating circumstances which never took place, and all that they may have a strong case agaiust the Home Government. News had reached him that the district of Carcoar was in a troubled state. He then alluded to the district of Cassilis in which place all the murders were com- mitted, not by bushrangers, but by assigned servants He was determined by some means to put a stop to this, and had therefore given an order that all in- dulgences and tickets of leave should be stopt. If that did not do, in a short time he was determined to cancel every ticket of leave in the district -he would withdraw every convict from the district. He was not merely saying this, but he was deter- mined to do it. Mr. H McArthur rose and said, that all he wished was to give His Excellency and the Govern- ment an idea of the terrible state in which the country was in at the present moment. A short time ago five armed bushrangers had entered into the house ol Mr. Jamieson, and by force of arms compelled him to bring them a horse from his own atable. A fter they departed he sent for tbe mounted police who succeeded in capturing, but owing to their having no officer, they managed to escape. Information was afterwards received that a shepherd in one of the farms was in the habit of giving the bushrangers information, and yet this man was suf- fered to pass unmolested. He had travelled many hundred miles up the country of late, and had never met a policeman on duty on the road. Every tavern that he passed was filled with idle worthless charac- ters, who were either drinking at the time, or beastly drunk. While riding through Yass, a few Sundays ago, he saw them training horses for an approaching race in the public streets. There was nothing more evident than that the police did not do their duty. He had a mare stolen from himself a few years ago, which circumstance he had mentioned to the Coun- cil on a former occasion ; a man bought this mare from a notorious bushranger, knowing it to be stolen, information was given to the police, but they refused to seize him. He then alluded to the case of Mr. Grosvenor, whose house was taken pos- session of by armed bushrangers in his absence. Grosvenor acted like a man, and took his house from them by force of arms. But what was done to those men -to those villains, who put his own (Grosvenor's) wife and children st the windows to prevent him firing? He wonld ask what had been done to them? the Attorney-General said he knew that they had been tried and convicted, but forgot what their sentence was. Mr McArthur said that they were very likely sent to Norfolk Island to be indulged and returned to Sydney to play their old tricks again. He called upon them to look at the case of Mr. Oakes, who so gallantly captured a bushranger, from that mi- nute he was a marked man, and his men were shot at in an open field while at their work in broad day light There were fifty other similar cases, all tending to show the terrible state of the country at the present time. The Governor said he could not follow the ho- nonorable member through all the details, some of which he had heard before, and others that were entirely new to him. The magistrates ought to be made aware of the subject, and if they did not do their duty, he knew what his was in such a case, but he could not proceed against a whole body of men, he could deal with any individual who had been proved to have neglected his duty, and he would do so; unless he received information that this was the case, he had not arms and eyes to extend all over the colony. Sir John Jamison recommended that a committee be formed, to consider the disturbed state of the country. He stated that two bushrangers had lately stopt a train of nine drays on the road near the Blue Mountains, likewise two gigs containing five gen- tlemen, making in all twenty-five persons. The Governor, "stopt by two bushrangers? and yet the government is to be blamed for this ?" (Laughter. ) Sir John Jamison stated that the bushrangers had made the team-drivers drunk with the wine and beer that were in the teams, which was not a very diffi- cult job. He suggested to his Excellency, that some means should be taken into consideration by the Council, that would tend to remedy this evil, and he thought a committee would be advisable. The Governor said that he could not form a com- mittee on s0 sudden a notice, nor did he think it would be of any use, as he thought that the blame rested entirely with the settlers themselves, He perfectly agreed with Mr. Macarthur, that such men as Grovenor and Freer were marked men, but he had no hesitation in saying that they might live twenty years in the colony without being molested by a single bushranger. His Excellency further stated, that he intended to bring forward a Bill in a few days which he considered would go a great length to remedy the evil. The object of this Bill was to make each district pay for its own police. He stated that on making up the expenses for police and gaols on the preceding night, he found they amounted to £78,000. 1 he Attorney-Gen.nil commented severely on ¡ Mr. Macarthur's bringing forward the name of the I police magistrate of Yass in the manner he had done. Mr. H. Macarthur rose to order. He protested against invideous motives on his part. All that he ' wished to perform was his duty. Ihe Attorney-General remarked, and at great length against the folly (as he termed 1it) of Mr . Macarthur finding fault with any individual for training his horse on a Sunday ; he might as well ' find fault with him for eating or drinking-as to that eternal black mare that they had heard so much about, he would ask Mr Macarthur if he was not aware thal he was a magistrate! As a member of that Council he was ex officio a magistrate, not of one part of the colony but of the whole territory- < and if he knew, as he said he did, the person who < retained possession of his mare, the means were in | his own power to get redre s I he learned gentle man then alluded 10 the question of what had been ' done lo those men who bad commith d the robbery * in th« house of Mr. Grovenor! His answer was, 1 hey were banished for lile And as to the gang j lo which U hilton belonged be need nut info m them (hn| none of ihem now existed. .Vhuton and Key nelds Were the last of that notorious gang, the latter | put a period to Ins existence in a manner as extra- J 0 dinary aq it was terrible, and the former, IVhuton underwent the forfeit of his crimes on the pal lows at Goulburn. He wo ¡Id ask the bono able members 10 come forwaid with something praclable, and with 'heir arrangements wutten on paper, to he put be* fore the 1 0um.1l, and to to be rejected or nut as members should think proper. II Norlolk Island 1« thought no punishment, let some practable plan be brou,.lit foi ward in lieu of it, even though it be Lord Ellenborough'* Act. As to public-houses and people dunking in them he did no1 think that such an occurrence m this colony as to have attracted the wonder of Mr. Macarthur. He had no doubt that many of th» police did not dotheir du «/. 1 here was a sergeant, a winns-, ina late casein the Su preme Court, when he found by Ins evidence he waa not a proper person lo fill such a situation he re- ported the fact hv le ter to Major Nunn, which gen tleman immediately wrote to lum that the evil had been remedied. In ref renee to the attack .upon the po ice magistrate at Yass All gentlemen were sup- posed to have sensitive feelings, and u wa» not fair to tnjuie them behind their backs. He enumerated several cases c f gallantry on the part« ot ina 'istr iles capturing bushrangers and finisbel by slating that 1 he had alwajs found the ann of the English law sufficient to pul down acgressors. Mr H Macarthur stated that he had been pub- licly abused for calling on bis Excellency in his private office on the subject of the magistrates, and now, fJisooih he was abused for stating his objec tion to that Council. Mr J. Macarthur said he would move for are turn of all the convictions in the Supreme Court during the present year, to be laid before the Council. I Ile read from the newspapers, several variations of 'punishment for offeuces equally heinous, and ex- pressed his surpnse that one man should be banged lor u crime more th in another Mr. Jones said that u was all very well to say peoplu ought to turn out, but it was a very hard thing fur a man with a wife and family, who de- pended entirely on him for support, te run ibe nsk of getting his biatns blown out, and his family 1 ft desluute, by bisaliempt to quell these bu-h'autrtr« Let tlie magistrates and police be forced to do h ir duty,and since strictness was the order of the day say tJ ihe magistrates thus, " if your district is not quiet within three monthly I'll discharge you," that would rouse them from their sofas and supincnes«, and ma*e them wuik It was ¿here the evil lay, and if such m ans were put in force, h« bad no doubt but mai 11 would have a most salutary effect, fhe present Bi'l was nothug moie than . mee pie e of wivie paper, bul he h d no doubt but that the Atiorney-Ueueral ceuld frame another Bill, which would be mere s itisfacioijr 'han the present. I he Governor sa d he would be mes ha py io will daw the Bul as he was perfectly aware that it was calculated to do tnttn considerable barm, if not here, elsewhere. People in England ipuld not be expected to wi b to come to a countrv whine (hey could be apprehended on suspicion while walking on their own e tates Mr M'Arthur said that his princpal object .on to the bill was thai rt did nut go far enough. 1 he question was then put and earned, thal that clause siand patt of lite bill. Bill to be read a third l me on 1 uesday next. Mr. June« wished lo know if the convicts at Nor» folk Inland were to be landed in this Colony at the expiration of their se fences.; and commented upon the injustice ol landing such peisons among them who were locally unknown io tbe .police, and of couise would be dangerous to the welfare of tbe 1 Colony. 1 he Governor said he had written to the Secre j tary of State on the subject but could not produce tbe documents he bad received on ihe subject, as they were not his property, but belonged to the secretary of Mat . He likewise stated tb it he had written to Captain Maconochie lo make no altera- tion in the usage of convicts at Norlolk Island. 'J he bill for the Prevention of Catarrh in sheep ; and Lambs was read a second time , to he read a ¡ thud time on Tuesday next, 'ihe Iinpoundi g Act Extension Bill was read a second lune ; to be read a third time on lue«lay. Council adjourned at foui o'clook till this day. 