THE COURIER FRIDAY EVENING, JANUARY 10, 1840. WE insert elsewhere an article from the Globe, which may be regarded in the light of an official manifesto of the Colonial Office, referring to the discontinuance of transportation to these colonies, and the necessity of infusing what Mr. Ward calls " pure blood," into their constitution, with sundry other conglomerated commentaries on colonisation and centralisation, and a dash of that recent discoverer of the only proper plan of peopling new countries. Mr. Gibbon Wakefield— all of which are strung together with the sole view of asserting the right of the Crown to the arbitrary appropriation of the Land Fund. This is the burthen of the song, which is designed to " take our prisoned souls,'* and delude them into an ecstacy of delight, with the prospect of a nova progenies, a new race of free emigrants from the Mother Country, while the position of the Home Government being established, namely, the right to alienate this fund, originally dedicated to the purposes of emigration, we are left to guess, after the first startle of admiration has subsided, how or by what means we shall ever reap the benefit of the promised harvest. Be- cause, reasons my Lord Howick-from whoso clutches we have every reason lo congratulate the colonies on escaping-because you have grown rich with all the attendant disadvantages of convict labour-because your flocks and herds have thrived, and your wool has yielded you a plentiful return, you must not only sustain those which I admit to be great evils to yourselves and the society in which you move-while your evils are our gains-but you must pay for them -you must support police to watch them and prevent thom from robbing you- you must build gaols to confine them-you must pay police magistrates and constables for the gracious privi- lege of being allowed to live.-you must be thankful that your lives arc spared by your own I exertions, from the outrages of a community I whom we have dropped upon you, perchance to break your heads, as the dropped tortoise broke the skull of iEschylus. These are strange cour- tesies to be thankful for ; yet we are told by our masters of the Colonial Office, to thank God, I with pious Sancho, for the giver, nor look the gift-horse in the mouth. All this sophistry is veiled under the apparent desire of doing good to the colonies, which will be affected by the change, while the insidious assertion of the un- disputed right to alienate the Land Fund to whatever local purposes a colonial government may think fit to devise, pr a Colonial Office deem it prudent to sanction, takes away at once all the power to do good, and leaves us to the mercy of our rulers, the caprice of private adventure, and our own individual exertions, to meet the omer gency thus occasioned. It is an appropriation clause with a vengeance, of no distant or specu- lative existence, no mere assertion of an abstract principle, but actual and real, affecting an income of what for years will continuo to realise sixteen or twenty thousand a-year, a sum ample enough for the infusion of Mr. Ward's " pure blood," and equal to the exigencies of the colony. But what is the argument in reply to Mr. Buller's strictures on our large expenditure in this Colo- nial Office manifesto, to which, longo intervallo, an article in last week's Advertiser bears some resemblance, in the endeavour which it makes to draw a distinction between profligate expenditure on the one hand, and parsimonious economy on the other, for the sole purpose of insisting, in the end, on the necessity of creating a Master in Chancery, with a salary of £300 a-year, being like the postscript to a lady's letter, the sum and substance of a grievous waste of words, and not unlike the ruse of the Boulogne schoolmaster, Dr. Tomkins, whose death was announced in a doleful strain of eulogy in a London paper, but who revived most miraculously in a few days after- wards, under a seeming show of virtuous in- dignation, expressed in a paragragh, which de- nounced in fitting terms the slayers of the amiable Doctor, and gave notice of the flourish- ing state of his health and that of his school, and the approaching termination of the holidays, when he should have vacancies for a certain or uncertain number of pupils ? The argument of the Globe is this, and it will appear a most ex- traordinary one when coupled with the undivided right over the Land Fund, which it wishes to exercise, and Lord Howick's generous deductions. ««Mr. C. Buller's statement, that of 150,000 in- habitants 45,000 were not J.-es, far iiom ag- gravating, simply accounted for the high rate of taxation on the inhabitants of these colonies. If a third or fourth of the inhabitants of this country were not free, the expense of keeping them in order, we are inclined to fancy, would be some- thing pretty considerable over and above the present general Government." Pretty considerable ! Cupid is studying Yankee facctiousness. Such analogy as this is puerile in the extreme ; for it presumes that the advantage is not reciprocal ; that it is no benefit to England to be relieved of the refuse of her gaols ; but that the more there are shipped to our shores, the more ought we to be called upon to pay for a police to guard and protect our lives from the ungovernable license of their passions ; but it is not enough that our civil establishment should be disproportioned in so extraordinary a degree to our population in consequence of the maintenance of this system, which those who taunt us with our prosperity under it say is so pernicious in effect ; but if the doctrine of the Colonial-office were carried out to its fullest extent, we must pay for every particle, nay, we are not sure whether the actual transport of the convicts across the ocean would not be made to come under the calendar of extraordinary benefits for our use, and be classified under the head of local improvements. Whatever may have been the ad- vantages derived to the colonists under this system, and it would be worthy of speculative inquiry to calculate the amount of revenue raised in this colony, and the uses to which it might have been applied apart from transportation altogether, these presumed advantages are now to cease, while the expense is to continue, and the Land Fund, which is our sole dependence, our only mainstay against the deprivation of labour, is to be sacrificed in the teeth of the pledge given by Lord Goderich, that the primary object for creating the fund was emigration. Why, we ought, according to our law givers, to pay a premium upon crime in Great Britain and Ireland, and give the Judges of Assize extra salaries for the trouble they take in sending out transports. What absurdity it is in Lord Howick I contending, that because of the extraordinary resources of a colony people have grown rich in i it under a convict system- or, in other words, in ] spite of a convict system, and under a most grievous taxation, which that system has engen- I dered-therefore we must pay for it, we must be I taxed to the teeth, because the colouy is a good field of enterpiise, and make3 a good return for the outlay of capital ; and we are then gravely told by the oracle of the Colonial-office, that had not the population been one- third composed of prisoners, we should not be taxed half so much. Perhaps the noble lord will tell us why it is that ten or twelve per cent, is the common rate of interest in this colony, and how the farmer can afford to pay that rate, and yet realise a profit ? Oh 1 will be the flippant reply, it is because you have expatriated yourself, and have travelled fifteen thousand miles over the ocean, and have cultivated a desert, aud been enabled to realise so great a profit, that you ought to be taxed, not oiily for your own benefit, but ours-that you ought to pay for the whole expense of the pri soneis we send you, and the whole civil establish- ment we impose upon you in consequence. It comes to this, that because these colonies prosper under a system which is admitted to be bad, therefore we should pay the more during its continuance, and because it is discontinued on account of its acknowledged inaptitude to our wants, as well as its inherent vices, we should still pay the same for having presumed to get rich under it, while the Land Fund can be made the sport of circumstances at any time for the pro- vision of an additional civil establishment. It is acknowledged and admitted, that the tax- ation of these colonies is enormously dispropor tioned to the population, and the reason is quite plain, according to the Globe, that one-third are prisoners of the Crown. It is, however, something new in the art of reasoning, that such a fact is at all a conclusive argument that these colonies should be saddled with the expense, independent- ly of a large civil list, of keeping and watching that one-third. We must be made poor, because, under all the disadvantages of our situation, the colonies have an unfortunate tendency to prosper. What then do the legislators ' at home' propose ? They have selected Norfolk Island for a pro- bationary settlement, and perhaps they will be modest enough to demand the enormous expense which will bo incurred in keeping up an unpro- ductive settlement there, from the Land Fund of New South Wales. Such a demand could not more surprise us than the idea of making New Zealand a dependency, and charging the outfit and salary of the Governor of a new colony upon the expenses of its government, it being a mere lottery, a matter of the sheerest chance, whether the colony will ever succeed, while the people of New South Wales are never consulted, and have no sympathy with the enterprise, got up, as it is, in London, by a party of adventurers, who ha\e obtained the sanction of the government upon these strange, nay, most dishonest con- ditions. We hear much of colonisation and central- isation, as if South Australia afforded not a living specimen of the impolicy of crowding par ties together in localities, instead of spreading them abroad, so as to create villages and town bhips in the interior. There is more of real civilisation and good to bo derived from distinct settlements, than from crowding masses in towns, where what are called " the advantages of well organised society" degenerate for the mort part into depravity. Pending these experiments, however, we are quite inactive. The government of Sydney are busy iu issuing debentures, payable on the Land Fund, in order that emigration should still be continued on the same scale as last year. Here we are mere expectants upon Providence, the Government silent, the settlers consoling them- selves with the prospect of some turn of fate in their favour, which is not the moro likely to arrive, because of the listless lethargy with which it is looked to PAROLLES-Ten o'clock ; within three hours 'twill be time enough to go home. What shall I say 1 have done? It must be a very plausible invention that carries it; they begin to smoke me ; anil disgraces have of late knocked too often at my door. 1 And my tongue too fool-hardy; but my heart liath the fear of'Mars before it, and of his creatures, not daring the reports of my tongue.-.ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL. " I must speak to this fellow by the card, or equivo- cation will undo us."-HAMLET. AFTER having been dragged through that horsepond of print, the so called People's Jour- nal, Mr. Jones has emerged in a more sorry plight than ever, and it will require all the salu- tary aid which the Humane Society's ministers usually adopt in reviving drooping animation, to restore him to the ordinary vigour of life. He has floundered through the mud, sinking deeper and deeper every step, cheered by the consoling assistance of the True Cnlnniut, whioU Uoin^ familiarly"acquainted with such passages, and acting in the capacity of a paid and practised pioneer, gathers glory out of its office, content with the miser's self-approbation The people laugh-what then ? I can afford To laugh at them whene'er I view my hoard. We are promised some reminiscences-the rat-catcher is to open his bag upon us next week. Out with them then, and let not the vain boast- ings evaporate, as in the case of the fictitious letter. Oh ! what a falling off was there ! The People's Journal wanted an apology-nothing less. The People's Journal and Co. seem to have 6trange notions about apologies. They do not appear to understand the distinction between making and receiving them, for we must of course suppose that the People's Journal did get the apology required, which accounted for the evapo- ration in smoke of all the cloud of congregated threats. We have a letter by us, which we shall publish next week, for the particular benefit of the journal in question. It shall be no ghost no air- drawn dagger-no apparition conjured up for the occasion, but be as legible as type can make it. The People's Journal may regard it as an apology if it chooses. We leave to it the option of construction, only that we claim the people as the tribunal of judgment. With reference to the case of Mr. Jones, we have established against him by incontrovertible evidence, every fact that we adduced ; it is unne- cessary to go over the ground again ; but we will merely observe on one or two points advanced in aHHBiaaa¡MMaBHan|aaaij^aafUg|luaj|tta^laauaLsaHSaBl^BMgM favour of the learned gentleman, and in palliation of his peccadilloes. As to the right of the Crown to levy fees in the cases wherein "the plain spoken man," ,Mr. Thomas Young, acted so prominent and disin- terested a part, so far from Mr. Jones not know- ing anything about the matter, we assert that he settled the fees he (was to receive with the Crown Solicitor-that if not paid at the time of the de- livery of the briefs, Mr. Jones looked for their payment; and the attempt to make it appear that Mr. Ross has not paid Mr. Jones on other occa- sions of consultation and em] 1 >yment, is as paltry as it is pitiful, and of a piece with that high minded species of argument, adopted by the People's Journal, when confounded by the fact of the Attorney- General having, upon a point of form, refused to accept the fees, " our contem- porary" sought refuge in the exalted question Were the fees ever tendered ? Moreover, we are assured that the assertion is false ; but we arc not about to enter into an examination of a pe- cuniary account of a barrister and solicitor, and Mr. Jones, if aggrieved, can appeal to the proper tribunal. There is another point of precisely similar morale, dictated by Mr. Jones himself, namely, the opinions expressed by Mr. Macdowell, in a private and professional conversation, which are introduced by inuendo, as if they could have anything to do with the insult of the Solicitor General to Mr. Horne, still less with the apology offered by the former gentleman in conse- quence. Hero is the spirit of the petti- fogger again ! As Mr. Jones loves " boyish freaks," we could have wished, him the training of a public.nellan!. He would there have dis- covered that an aggravated insult was not to be excused-that a boy receiving a blow was not likely to let the assailant off without compound interest, nor to think the better of him, because, when well beaten, he had recourse to tattle as to what others of his school-fellows had said. But Mr.Jones has gone beyond this; he volun- tarily atoned for a private wrong by an ample apology : he denied ever having made any apology afterwards, and made a boast and a bravado of it to the injury of the party insulted ; and now, when convicted, he has recourse to one of his usual subterfuges, in endeavouring to excuse the insult, by reference to what others had said upon such and such an occasion, communicated to him, not " over their wine," but in a private and pro fessional conversation. And we would ask, what on earth has what the Attorney-General may have said to do with the insult offered by Mr. Jones what has it to do with his apology ? If we believe ¡Mr. Jones, which we aie far from doing, he aggravated the insult ; and Mr. Horne must have remained passive under it for six weeks, until the 28th of August, when Mr. Jones, according to his own account, made a personal amende. This is indeed a most remai kable way of compliment- ing Mr. Horne, by endeavouring to raise the presumption that he quietly pocketed a grossjinsult until it suited the generosity of Mr. Jones to ex- press his regret for it. O factum male, O miselle passer. Now, the truth is, that the 28th of August is a fabrication-and we defy the proof to the con- trary, although it must be obvious that the in- tention is to get over the bravado gatuitously made to the Attorney-General. There is, how- ever, distinct evidence of an apology in the mean time, but Mr. Jones denies all about it. Ile refers to what is called a conspiracy, and he maintains, amidst the jarring elements brought together, that he is the only person who speaks the truth, which is the more forcibly impressed upon our minds by the remembrance of the part he enacted in the Court Scene, and his '«seeking the Lord," as a means of conversion to the jus- tice of the Issue Bill. Does he recollect the vision of Sir Roger Grcsly on the malt tax ? We reminded him of it in what is called the famous Supplement, which wc published without any reference to his resignation or no resignation -that being a point which could never alter out opinion of the character he had earned, bu: which having been subsequently made the grand principle of his defence, we obliged him and ILS followers to abandon. He has published the letter of the Govern- ment, in reply to the surrender of his services, but by what authority does not appear. There are certain words placed in large letters, is if Mr. Jones still lingered in expectation of the appointment which he never meant to abardon. 1 The government were, no doubt, very ghd to get any one as an ally on such an occashn ; it I was another straw to their bundle ; and is they laid so much stress upon the Issue Bul, why I "the seeking the Lord" must have been a potent argument in favour of its principle. As to Mr. Jones's understanding tint it was not the intention of the Government to restore Mr. Macdowell to office in the first place, and in the next, that on the Monday Mr. Jon'-s under- stood that there was a dispositi on to lo so, the whole is a fabricated tissue of the usual texture Weave the warp and wind the woof, Leave ample scope and verge enough, The characters of " Jones" to trace. In another column will be found i speech of Lord Lyndhurst, containing a mastery review of the proceedings of the last session of Parliament. It will afford the best commentary we can fur- nish on the present state of parties ' at home.' Lord Brougham remarked, in rcjly, that the Tories had every reason to be satjified with the | présent miniefry, ft»«. *)>»-,» .«.iialil *«» ¡.¡nuibdlves "obstruct reform more successfuly than the Whigs, who were unable to pass a single mea- sure, whereas if the Tory party «vere in office, having the power to move the entine, they must keep it going even against their cwn inclination. His Lordship then dashed off the following stave : Whigs are deceivers ever, One foot on sea and one «n thora, To one thing constant mver. His Lordship also observed-"But you alto bear added what was never added bfore" Sigh not so, Dut let them go. It will be perceived with pensure, that govern ment are about to do away win the system of jum. bling together transportation aid colonisation, peo pliug settlements syslematicflly with rogues pour encourager les autres, and to air them, as it were, against the arrival of lionet men. "This year," said Mr. Labouchere, on tie third reading of the New South Wales Hill, " titi number of convicts to be sent to New South Wale« will not exceed half the usual number, and they w11 be sent on to Norfolk Island, where the system «commended by the trans- portation committee will le introduced. Directions had abo been sent out tothe governor to put a stop to the assignments of con-ict» for domestic servants, and for labourers also, ti ¿oon as that could be ac- complished without injur to tbe colonists." The free and easy mides of supplying colonies with a population have cine out of fashion, since the daj s when Mr. Secretay Thurloo wrote to Oliver Cromwell, requesting hiu to cafen up a few thousand boys and girls in IrelanJ, < tations, which vat dor/! according to order, There was a government in those days, though the Tories now declare there is none; and great would be the? convenience to Irish proprietors, if these energetic, processes of republican rulers could be revived in our times. It might then figure amongst their chargea against Liberal viceroys that an adequate haul of boys and girls" had not been made as usual, to the relief of the landlords from pauper tenants and re. . fractory voters. The right honourable gentleman further slated thal " the population of New South Wales at this timo was 100,000, and last year 10,000 emigrants were sent out there. It could not be doubted that their arrival would produce a most beneficial effect not only iu affording au additional supply of labour' but by the iufusion of good moral habits; and although he (Mr. Labouchere,) admitted that the revenue of the colony was not in so flonrishiug a condition in regard to expenditure as could be wished, the KO vernment had resulved to continue emigration on tha same scale, and send out other ten thousand emi- grants uuderthe auspices of government." While weare glad, as we have said, that the jumble o» transportation and colonisation is to goon no louder and that we have now rulers who think it better to people the world with true men than with rogues we cannot discard with utter reprobation a system which has had the effect of firmly rooting the Eu-lish name and race on the soil of a vast territory, which certainly, but for the convict system, would not have presented its present aspect ; and would not at this day have attracted voluntary emigration to its shores. In the earlier stages of settlements, transportation mid slavery, as Mr. Wakefield has well illustrated have performed in effect the same functions- have produced the same artificial concentration of labour which was the one thing needful. We be" not to be' deemed the supporters of slavery under any circum- stances. Uuder nil, we regard it as a gross violation of the moral and religious rights of man ; and no such breach, we believe, can be committed without drawing after it retribution. The immediate econo- mical «ll'eots of slavery canuot however be disputed His the worst description of combined labour; but better tuan the best labour scattered and Isolated Li the moücrn gygteiu or cotonl.ali"»,.w|ier ~~are not measured by the ox-hide, nor walls built t" keep out the attacks of enemies, (the best friends of a new settlement, in so far as they keep it toother \ the only counteractives of the restless tendency to dispersion, and the constant delusion of old couti tries, thut the possession of land is the sure aud sole source of wealth, have been furnished by the slave system und tue conner system. And it must bead milted that the latter is not like the former, vicious in ita very pnuciple. A nation has no ri'ht to «'catch up" even Africans or Irish for slaves" But it has every right to turn to what account it can the labour of convicts, consistently with the ¡nain uur pose of indicting their punishment. Neither can we admit Hie justice of the charges of profligate extravagancies which were brought in debute last night against the government of our con. yiet colonies. As, on the one hand, these colonies have been far more productive than they could have become by this time without the combined labour of the convict system, so, on the other baud, their ma nagement bas been necessarily far more expensive than that of any voluntary settlement elsewhere. Mr. C. Buller's statement, that of 150,030 ¡nimbi tams, 45,000 were nor free, far from aggravating, simply accounted for the high rate of taxation on the inhabitants of those colonies. If a third or fourth of the inhabitants of this country were not free the expense of keeping them in order, we are inclined tu fancy, would bo something considerable, over and above the present general government. Another source of expense was poiuted out by Lord Howick . -'«The high rate of labour (and of a« the necessaries of life, might have been added.) in the colony made it necessary to pay high salaries, in order to secure the ser» ices of competent persons in places of trust which would otherwise be obliged to be filled, as had formerly been the case, by convicts still under sen tence, which was very objectionable. An attempt had been made to lower the salaries, and the cotise qiiüuce was, that all the valuable officers had re- signed, as they could get better pay from the mer. CllAUtS." We cannot but consider that there is something unreasonable in the exclusive emphasis always laid b) some gentlemen in the House of Commons on that ptinciple of Mr. Wakefield, which is their Alpha and Omega of colonisation- that the purchase money of laud should be employed as passage-money of labour. It would be the mere bigotry and pedantry of un- practical dogmatists to pretend that «uui, .> r«,ic a» this can be laid down in practice. The importation of labour, important as it is, is not the only important object to be provided for by the capital and means oí a colony. -The benefits of the combination of labour, which ure justly insisted on, are not to be secured by merely lauding annual thousands of emigrants. It is perhaps, even of more importance that aden nu (o' means should be reserved for furnishing those facili- ties to the productive employment of labour, which can only be furnished by outlay of colonial capital on the spot. The assemblage of lubourers is not the sole advantage of an old country-the sole circum- stance necessary to give the advantage of combined labour. The judicious direction of labour, the exe- cution of those public works-as roads, bridges harbours, &c.; without which labour is cutofffroui its markets-are just as essential to the rapid progress of colonies, as abundance of labourers. '< I cou tend," said Lord Howick, in a former debate ou Mr. Ward's recent resolutions, " that if in the colo, uisatiou of Australia we would realise the views of Mr. Wakefield, and occupy the country not with a popul Jation falling back into a rudo and semi-barbarous condition, but with one enjoying all the advantages of civilisation and of a regularly organised society, we must not only take care to prevent the undue dis- persion of the inhabitants by requiring a sufficient price for the land, but we must also apply a part of the revenue thus obtained ¡n effecting those necessary local improvements which cannot by any other meant be so well provided for." We regard the present as a critical epoch in the colonisation of the interesting regions referred to in last night's debate. It will greatly depend on the wisdom and discretion used in the modification of the system which has hitherto prevailed in these colonies, whether the artificial stimulus applied in their io fancy will be compensated by natural and spontaneous Bources of rapid progress. " Those colonies," said Mr. C. Buller, " possessed the most valuable ex. porting produce-the amount of their exports comes near to that of our most favoured colonies ; and, looking at the immense tracts of land fit fur sheep pasture, no man could doubt that in fifty years their exports would be of greater value than those of all the other colonies belonging to the British crown." We are quite of opinion, and Mr. Labouchere ex pressed the same view on the part of government, that no time should be lost in making provision for admitting the colonists to that share in their local eoverument whirl« m».;., «"«¡nid««« «9 the b¡x»¿ right of Englishmen. We hope the concessvjtf "f such powers as ure justly called for in their ImÀrî, will tend to remove the reluctance they have hflliei iyJ manifested to provide by local taxation for Y* «?*«>' police and other internal objects. In the mean time . we cannot but repeat, we consider their claim that the proceeds of sales of land should be set apart to the payment of the passage of labourers from this country, as a claim which is not reasonable on the part of any colouy where other expenses, equally essential to their own interests, are not provided for, and (it would seem implied) are meant to be thrown on the shoulden of the people of England. The people of England have been pretty well taxed al ready for founding and protecting colonies ; and there is something inconsistent in making at once a direct claim upon it for local self-government, and an tndirect one for payment of the local expenses. Globe, August 6. HACE BETWEEN VAN TBOMP AND GULNARE. THIS race, which has excited so extraordinary a sensation in the sporting circles of Van Die men's Land, from the reputation of the two horses engaged, as well as the magnitude of the stakes involved, (£500 a side for which the match was made,) came off at length this day on the New Town Course, after the protracted period of lix or seven months, to which the hopes of the owners of the horses, as well as the numerous wagerers, were extended, in order to afford every opportunity for training, and proving by the most constant care what each horse could at the best accomplish. It is said, " that hope deferred maketh the heart sick ;" but we never saw a livelier set of sportsmen in any country before, or, those at least, who rtudied the appear ance of avoiding excitement more than upon this occasion. ? It is a well- bred rule in the sporting circles in England, to betray no impulse, or rather to affect to conceal it; and, accordingly, we find, that when Bay Middleton won the Derby three years ago, and Fuller C ra van, on seeing it, cried . out from the Stand, "Jersey wins-Jersey wins," something extraordinary was calculated to take place by the antiquated dissemblers of feeling, and the melancholy result-the suicide of the unfortunate gentleman-.proved too truly how ri<r¡d was the rule, and in what a singular light its infraction was regarded. This is the true Spartan philosophy which rewards a boy who steals a fox, that concealed beneath his cloak eats away his body, but who endures it in silence, while it punishes the boy who docs the same thing, but who cries and betrays his pain. It is a singular circumstance, that since the match was made there has been scarcely any variation in the betting until the last two or three weeks-the odds being always in favour of Van Tromp-the condition or training of the horses not having been taken into consideration up to that period. As far as general estimation is con- cerned this fact proves at least that the match might have come off within a short period, the casualties being just the same; but we must allow Mr. Kearney and Mr. Bryant, the owners, to be the best judges, and not only rest satisfied, but feel grateful for the opportunity they afforded us of witnessing one of the most interesting races that was ever contested in any country. It is com- puted that £12,000 will " change hands," as the term is, upon this event; a sum which, if taken into ' calculation with the proportion of our population, will out-Derby all the Derbys and the Legers ever won in the mother country.* The ground was well attended, the northerns, or knowing ones, mustering in some force from Launceston. There was a sprinkling of the fair sex, but we missed " the eye of blue," which shone so con- spicuously, according to ' Tiser, at the Richmond Races.-- So darkly, deeply, beautifully blue. At one time we thought it grey, at another time black, and at another hazel, but while we were endeavouring to discover the celestial orb, the race commenced. Van Tromp, the property of Mr. Kearney, and rode by his son, though a small, looked a compact horse, full of fire, strength, and muscle; and equally prepared to sweep the land, as his namesake the Dutch Admiral was the sea, with- out the aid of whip or spur, still less the broom, which the gallant Dutchman carried at his mizen. The mare was in excellent conditien, with a glossy bright bay coat. She is much larger and longer than the horse, and looked as if she pos- sessed far more speed ; but the backers of the horse relied upon his power of endurance for the distance, which was better than four miles. The appearance of the mare when brought out made some of the Dutchman's friends quake for fear, and an indifferent observer who did not know the qualities of the horse would have taken Gulnare for choice. As far as we could learn, the betting at starting was five to four, and in many instances even. Both came well up to the starting ground and were off together, the horse having the lead. Van Tromp, though not possessing the same stretch, it was said, as the mare, picked up his legs with surprising rapidity and ease, applying himself with due diligence to the task, lie went a-head at once, and maintained his superiority all through, the mare never once challenging him, or as it appeared to us, being able to do it. Neither of the horses appeared at all to flag the whole distance,* so excellent had been their training,' and even when they carne in their coats exhibited less appearance of distress titan we have ever seen horses show after a race. The first, second, and third round, and still no differ- ence was perceptible in the distance between them, Van Tron.p steadily maintaining his pace, and occasionally improving it as his jockey thought proper. lie made no extraordinary exertion on coming in, but pulled him us he approached the winning post, which he reached in eight minutes, according to our timing, from the period of starting. Ile was vehemently cheered by the assembled multitude ; and the backers of Gulnare looked like the eye of the fascinating fuir at Richmond blue. The northerns, we believe, backed the mare pretty freely; and they may now para- phrase the language addressed to her namesake in the Corsair - Gulnare, Gulnare, I never felt lill now, My pockets running so extremely low. The Hobartonians, and especially the Richmond aide, have had a great triumph over the cocks of the north, who crowed us down of late to such a degree, that it was necessary to vindicate our southern breed. Let them now bring Mozart into the field ; they have him in store ; but the Dutchman will beat him too, unless he should prove something extraordinary. The day was beautiful, and on immense con- course of people was assembled, yet all went off very quiet and orderly, it being quite a New- market meeting. The horse carried 8st., and was rode by Mr. Kearney's son. Gulnare 7st. 11 lbs., and was' rode by Harris, one of the best jockics in the island, who being within 21bs. of the weight, had it made up in dollars, all of which will be now wanted. This modo^ of weighting was against the mare. There were some races afterwards, amongst which one for- n sweepstakes amongst the officers of. iJie 51st regiment," ror Horses belonging ?? themselves, excited some interest. Nine horses , started. Lieutenant Carey's, rode by young .., Kearney, won, after a vigorous contest with the mare of Lieutenant Baker, which was rode in excellent style by Master Charles Rowlands, who was booted and aceoutred in jockey style. It was almost a neck-and-neck race. Horticultural Society,-Another exhibition of this most interesting and useful society is an . nounced to take place at the Court of Requests' Room, on Saturday, the 25th instant, upon which occasion an unusually brilliant display of fruits, flowers, and vegetables, is anticipated. Lady Franklin's prize for the neatest kept cottage and cottage-garden will be awarded on this day. Those persons who desire to contend for this price, will do well to remember, that their ap- plications in writing must be made to the Secre- taries, one week at least previously to the ex- hibition. Sheriffs.-In the Gazette of this day we have the unusual anomaly of two Sheriffs in authority in and for the same territory. The " State of the several gaols of Van Diemen'« Land" is attested by John Beamont, Sheriff; the account of Writs and Executions by Peter Fraser, Sheriff. Carters and Boatmen.-We are pleased to observe, by a notice in this week's Gazette, that the rates and fares at present demanded by the licensed carters and boatmen are to be taken into consideration at the adjourned Quarter Sessiona on the 18th instant. The exorbitant demands which arc occasionally exacted require I to be checked. I The Wave for England is expected to leave this port without fail on Sunday next. The mail closes at the Post-office at eight o'clock on Saturday evening. | The Weather.-Owing to the variable state and sudden changes of the weather during the last fortnight, many persons are suffering from colds and dysentery; the litter complaint in par- ticular has been very prevalent amongst in- fants and young children. On Friday last, the 3rd instant, the thermometer, out of doors in the shade, stood at 114°, and on the following Tues- day was as low as 58°. Error.-The quotation of flour from Walker's mill was sent wrong last week to this office, £70 per ton being entered instead of £80, which sum appears to have been paid by the bakers during the week. We know not how the error ori- ginated, but trust such a mistake will not occur again. Wheat.-Five hundred bushels of Indian wheat sold by Mr. T. Y. Lowes at auction last week, at from 20s. 6d. to 23s. per bushel; and on Wednesday last 400 bushels of a similar kind and quality fetched from 14s. Gd. to 16s. per bushel. Colonial wheat has been sold during the week at 32s. and 3-1 s. per bushel. Some new wheat has been sold in the market during the present week, and will doubtless be speedily fol- lowed by plentiful arrivals. Flour.-.At Mr. Macmichael's sale on the 4th instant, a few tons of flour (seconds) went off at £52 to £53 per ton. Rice sold at an average of 2d. per lb. 