RulersTiave called the private man the property of the State, meaning generally by the State, themselves, and thus the many have been sacrificed to the feu', and have even believed that this was their highest destination. These views cannot be too earnestly withstood.— CHANNINO. WE hail, with great satisfaction, the .appointment of Lord John Russell to the ministerial charge of the British Colonies. From every proceeding of his public life, ipe are warranted in believing that a great change' Will-be effected (through the medium of his instructions) in every Colonial Government,—and especially in the penal settlements, those hot- beds of patronage, and of subserviency, to British expediency principles. This appointment is, in our opinion, the only means by which to save the Canadas,—from an immediate separation from the British Empire, for to suppose that the embers of the Bevolutionary fire are extinguished, not again to be lighted iip, is worse than folly—worse than the idle talk of idiotcy. Twenty years since, we heard the late Mr. Huskisson (then the Secretary for the Colonies) declare in the House of Commons, in answer to a question put by the present Lord Durham, that no sobher were the Canadians in a position to manage their own affairs, than the first object of the British Government would be to declare them independent, and to secure in return, from, and with them, the most advantageous, and liberal ^commercial treaties possible. Great Britain (he 6aid) would act differently, than it had acted in the case of the United States,—& would not attempt coercion. It may now well be asked, have the Ministers of the present day acted upon those principles ? Have they not, on the contrary, evinced every desire to rule those Provinces, by the strong hand of power ? It is a consequence as morally certain, as that night will follow day,—that it should be so: for, what but the patronage of the Colonies can give them the Parliamentary influence they possess ? Give us " Ships, Colonies, Commerce," was the old desire— but this should have been followed with —" because, without them, as outlets for patronage, we can do nothing. These are the ties by which our Ministerial strength is held together." Every man is sensible of this, although many solemnly ask the question, " why are not the Canadas given up, rather than that a sanguinary and very doubtful struggle should be ventured upon, for their maintenance ?" Again we say, that to suppose the struggle for a better order of Government in Canada is at an end, because the arms are grounded for the moment, is nonsense. Hely upon it, unless the newly-appointed Secretary, backed by the united wishes of the British nation,—at once, carries into effect some such measure as was alluded to by Mr. Huskisson, that the next blast of the Bevolutionary hurricane will uproot every remnant of British power, in North America. The Canadian people are apparently reposing,—but it is with arms in their hands, —their late disasters have shown them points of weakness on both sides, which they will assuredly take advantage of, to the dismay of those who have thought to put them down, by loud speeches in the British Parliament, and by the abuse of them by that portion of the press that would sell its own birthright, and that of every other man,—for the smile, or patronage even of a Court Jester. The approval of a lump of hereditary wisdom (a Lord, or a Viscount) would indeed, to them, be bliss,—even, although he had not sufficient mental ability to become, by the most laborious instruction, the mere useful bearer, of a mason'6 hod. We look then, with great anxiety, for the first step taken by Lord John Russell with reference to the Canada question, (before the bush from Michelemaciuac to the Bay ofFundyis again on fire), and this step, we hope, will be one tending to the speedy liberation of these Provinces by treaty, not by force of arms—altogether from British mis- rule. It may be said, that the time for this separation has not yet arrived, and that it would be unkind to turn the child away from the political gocart of the mother country, and to leave it 3000 miles distant, to rely upon its own infantile .resources. This, of course, is the cry of those who'are interested in keeping the offspring from rising into manhood. Arrive at that point, and then the charm of the tender care is broken—the old nurses, and all the young nurses, must be discharged, and all the playthings of the political nursery must be tumbled out of the window—the whole establishment would, in fact, be turned upside down. The great doll, or the little doll itself, whether male or female, might also no longer be required,—and, oh! awful and dreadful as would be the catastrophe—is not the very thought sufficient to make the hereditary wisdom guardians of the charge decided on holding it in hand, as long as possible? Certainly it is, me are well nigh ready to faint at even having had the ghost of the idea of such a result—piping in at the skylight of Ottf ftiture. We will shut our eyes to such a subject for the present, and pasB on to obsehre that" patronages" is the first word in the dictionary of Home Colonial Government, the A 1 of that class of British superstnicture, which is built expressly for providing births for those, who, could not perform .the voyage of life,in any other character.—Patronage is the word. There are multitudes of instances of this power alone having been considered, previous to the Colonial reign of the Marquis of Normanby, who had not much time, and we clo not believe any desire to do much injury, in that ytqy. We will notice one, however, in this Colony, which stands the more prominently before us, in consequence of the gentleman to whom we alluide, having only just entered, or being about to enter, upon the duties of his office. We mean the newly- appointed Sheriff. In order that it may not be thought that we write with the moBt distant view to his annoyance, we say, that we believe him to be, in every respect, an honor to the appointment; but, we ask, how came the situation to be given to him, to the prejudice of his predecessor, who has for twentysix years filled offices of trust, with great credit to himself, and with the approval of the public generally? After holding the Sheriff's appointment for years, it was discovered in JDowning-street, that he had not been confirmed, and this circumstance is taken as an excuse, for providing for a gentleman, who must be provided for under the system, which, if persevered in, will eventually destroy the British power in all her Colonies. £800 per annum situations are not to be had every day, and therefore it is the Secretary of Stale's desire that the present Sheriff returns to his situation as Registrar, his Lordship having appointed another gentleman to that office. Will it be believed, that, after twenty-six years service, the salary offered with the Registrar's situation to the late Sheriff is one hundred pounds per annum? Such is the fact, and aB a proof of what may be done by those in power over the Colonies, we allude to these particulars. Lord GIe= nelg might surely have kept awake long enough to come to the conclusion, that in providing for his friend, in such a way, he was doing a great injustice to one, who, from his long services, required and deserved a very different return, at his hands. We say not one word about the economy of having to pay two Sheriffs for the last eight months, because to talk of real and positive economy in any Colony ruled and made to go by a string 16,000 miles long, is nonsense, we never attempt it, except by occasionally alluding to little minor matters of expence—such as perhaps the sixty thousand pounds officially acknowledged by the Director of Roads, to be thrown away annually, in his Department alone, by the present system of working the convicts. A mere trifle—a mere drop in the bucket of wasteful expenditure. Such then is our opinion of the consequences of the exchange between the Marquis of Normanby and Lord John Russell. We believe that a better system of Colonial Government will be immediately introduced. We believe, with Lord Durham's opinions on secret government before him, that Lord John Russell will not require the Governors of Colonies any longer to remain in the situation of tythe proctors, as it were, merely employed to raise the rint, but whilst doing so, to be especially directed to keep the wants, and wishes, and manoeuvres of their employers, a profound mystery. It is quite evident to every one, that hitherto, the Secretaries of State have been no better than the mere movers of the invisible wires of the Fantoccini—of the dancing dolls, necessary to perform the various parts in the little theatre of Colonial politics. The people were, of course, to pay the money, and look on in silence, unless on proper occasions, when they were expected to hurrah, and /shout exceedingly, and particularly when they saw any extraordinary act of of juggling, or buffoonery performed before them. We say no more, we could carry out the description even to the farce, and to the bye play, from the Colonial Stage Manager, down to the vilest sweep behind the scenas, but, as the present season is drawing, we believe, to a close, we let the curtain fall, in the hope that we shall soon be blest with a better order of performance—under the direction of my Lord. J oho Russell. 