THE iSFE AND ADVENTURES ' . V ' v ov Sftcjolas KtcftMw; CONTAINING A faithful account of the Fortunes, Misfor- . I unea/Urisings, Down fallings, and complete Cafjrfejvof' the Nickleby Family. EDITED BY " BOZ." (Continued.) ; ' i | CHAPTER XLIX. chronicles the further proceedings of the nickleby family, and the sequel of the adventure of the , gentleman in the small-clothes. While , Nicholas, absorbed in the one engrossing subject of interest which had recently opened upon him, occupied his leisure hours with thoughts of Madeline Bray, and, in execution of the commis- sions which the anxiety of Brother Charles in her behaif imposed upon him, saw her again and again, and each time with greater danger to his peace of mind and a more weakening effect upon the lofty re solutions he had formed, Mrs. Nickleby and Kate continued to live in peace and quiet, agitated by no other cares than those which were connected with certain harassing proceedings taken ' by Mr. Snawley for the recovery of his son, and their anxiety for .Smike himself, whose health, long upon the wane, began to be so much affected by apprehension and uncertainty as sometimes to occasion both them and Nicholas considerable uneasi ness, and even alarm. It was no complaint or murmer on the poor fellow himself that thus disturbed them. Ever eager to be employed in such slight services as he could render, and always anxious to repay his benefac tors with cheerful and happy looks, leFs friendly eyes might have seen in him no cause for any misgiving. But there were times — and often too, when the sunken eye was too bright, the hollow cheek too flushed, the breath too thick and heavy in its course, the frame too feeble and ex hausted, to escape their regard and notice. There is a dread disease which so pre pares its victim, as it were, for death ; which so refines it of its grosser aspect, and throws around familiar looks un earthly indications of the coming change — a dread disease, in which the struggle between soul and body is so gradual, quiet, and solemn, and the result so sure, that'day by day, and grain by grain, the mortal part wastes and withers away, so that the spirit grows light and sanguine with its lightening load and feeling im mortality at hand, deems it hut a new term of mortal life— a disease in which death and .life are so strangely blended, that death takes the glow and hue of life, and life the gaunt , and grisly form of death — a disease which medicine never cured, .wealth warded off, or poverty could boast exemption from — which some times moves in giant strides, and some times at a tardy sluggish pace, but, slow or quick, is ever sure and certain. It was with some faint reference in his own. mind to this disorder, though he would by no means admit it, even to him self, that Nicholas had already carried his faitnful companion to a physician of great repute. There was no cause for imme diate alarm, he saidi There were no pre sent symptoms which could be deemed conclusive. The constitution had been greatly tried and injured in childhood, but still it might not be — and that was all. ' But he seemed to grow no worse, and as it was not difficult to find a reason for these symptoms of illness in the shock and agitation he had recently undergone, Ni cholas comforted himself with the hope that his poor friend would soon recover. This -hope his mother and sister shared with, him ; and as the object of their joint solicitude seemed to have no uneasiness or despondency for himself, but each day answered with a quiet smile that he felt better than he had done the day before, their fear abated, and the general happi ness was by degress restored. v ... Many and many a time in after years did- Nicholas look back to this period of his life, and tread again the humble quiet homely scenes that rose up as of old be fore him. Many and many a time, in the twilight of a summer evening, or beside " --the flickering winter's fire — but not so often or so sadly then — would his thoughts wander back to these old days, and dwell with a pleasant sorrow upon every slight remembrance which they brought crowd ing home. The little room in which they had so often sat long after it was dark, fi guring such happy futures — Kate's cheer ful vofce and merry laugh; and how, if she were from home they used to sit and watch for her return, scarcely breaking si lence but to say how dull it seemed with out her— the glee with which poor Smike would start' from the darkened corner where he ufed to sit, and hurry to admit lier, and the tears they often saw upon his face, half wondering to see them too and he so pleased and happy — every little in- . cident, and even slight words and looks of those old days, little heeded then, but well remembered when busy cares and trials Were quite forgot, came fresh and thick be fore, him many and many a time, and, justling above the dusty growth of years, came back green boughs of yesterday. \- But there were other persons associated with these recollections, and many changes came about before they had being — a ne cessary reflection, fur the purposes of these adventures, which at once subside into their accustomed train, and shunning qll flighty anticipations or wayward wan derings; pursue their steady and decorous Course. If the Brothers Cheryble, as they found Nicholas worthy of trust and confidence, bestowed upon- him every day some new and substantial mark of kindness, they were not less mindful of those who de pended on him. Various little presents t<5 Mrs. Nickleby. — always . of the very things they most required — tended in no slight degree to the improvement and em- bellishment of the cottage. Kate's little store of trinkets became quite dazzling ; and for company— — ! If Brother Charles or Brother Ned failed to look in for at least a few minutes every Sunday, or one evening in the week, there was Mr. Tim Linkinwater (who had never made half- a- dczen other acquintances in all his life, and who took such delight in his new friends as no words can express) constantly coming and going in his evening walks, and stopping to rest; while Mr. Frank Cheeryble happened, by some strange con- juction of circumstances, to be passing the door on. some business or other at least three nights in the week. " He is the most attentive young man I ever saw, Kate,'' said Mrs. Nickleby to her daughter, one evening when this last- named gentleman had been the subject of the worthy lady's eulogium for some time, and Kate had sat perfectly silent. I " Attentive, mama ! " rejoined Kate. "Bless my heart, Kate ! " cried Mrs. Nickleby, with her wonted suddenness, " what a colour you have got; why, you're quite flushed ! " " Oh, mama ! what strange things you fancy." "It wasn't fancy, Kate, my dear, I'm certain of that," returned her mother. u However, it's gone now at any rate, so it don't much matter whether it was or not. What was it we were talking about? Oh! Mr. Frank.' I never saw' such at tention in my life, never.'' "Surely you are not serious,' returned Kate, colouring again ; and this time be yond all dispute. " Not serious 1 " returned Mrs. Nickle by; why shouldn't I be serious ? I'm sure 1 never was more serious. I will say that his politeness and attention to me is one of the most becoming, gratifying, plea sant things I have seen for a very long time. You don't often meet with such behaviour in young men, and it strikes one more when one does meet with it." . " Oh ! attention to you, mama, ' rejoined Kate quickly — "oh yes." " Dear me, Kate," retorted Mrs. Nickle by, " what an extraordinary girl you are. Was it likely I should be talking of his at tention to anybody else? I declare I'm quite sorry to think he should be in love with a German lady, that I am.'' " He said very positively that it was no such thing, mama," returned Kate. "Don't you remember his saying so that very first night he came here ? Besides," she added, in a more gentle tone, " why should we be sorry if it is the case ? What is it to us, mama ? " "Nothing to us, Kate, perhaps," said Mrs. Kickleby emphatically; " but some thing to me, I confess. I like English people to he thorough English people, and not half English and half I don't know what. I shall tell him point-blank next time he comes, that I wish he would marry one of his own countrywomen ; and see what he says to that.' ' " Pray don't think of such a thing, mama," returned Kate hastily ; " not fcr the world. Consider— how very- — — ." " Well, my dear, how very what ! " said Mrs. Nickleby, opening her eyes in great astonishment. Before Kate had returned any reply, a queer little double-knock announced that Miss La Creevy had called to see "them ; and when Miss La Creevy presented her self, Mrs. Nickleby, though strongly dis posed to be argumentative on the previous question, forgot all about it in a gush of supposes about the coach she had come by ; supposing that the man who drove must have been either the man in the shirt sleeves or the man with the black eye; that whoever he was, he hadn't found that parasol she left inside last week; that no doubt they had stopped a loDg while at the Halfway House, coming down ; or that perhaps being full, they had come straight on ; and lastly, that they surely must have passed Nicholas on the road. " I saw nothing of him,'' answered Miss La Creevy; " but I saw that dear old soul Mr. Linkinwater." " Taking his evening walk, and coming on to rest here before he turns back to the city, I'll be bound ! ' said Mrs. Nickleby. " I should think he was," returned Miss La Creevy; "especially as young Mr. Cheeryble was with him." "Surely that is no reason why Mr. Linkinwater should becoming here,'' said Kate. " Why I think it is, my dear," said Miss La Creevy. " For a young man Mr. Frank is not a very great walker ; and I observe that he generally falls4 tired, and requires a good long rest, when he has come as far as this. But where is my fiiend?" said the little woman, looking about, after having glanced slyly at Kate. He has . not been run away with again, has he ? " "Ah ! where is Mr. Smike ?r' said Mrs. Nickleby ; " he was here this instant." Upon further inquiry, it turned out, to the good lady's unbounded astonishment, that Smike had that moment gone up stairs to b&d.; " Well now," said Mrs. Nickleby, " he is the strangest creature ! Last Tuesday — was it Tuesday ? Yes to be sure it was ; you recollect, Kate, my dear, the very last time young Mr. Cheeryble was here — last Tuesday night he went off in just the same strange way, at the very moment the knock came to the door. It cannot be that he I don't like company, because he is always fond of people who are fond of Nicholas, and I am sure young Mr. Cheeryble is. And the Btrangest thing is, that he does not go to bed; therefore it cannot be be cause he is tired. I know he doesn't go to bed, because my room is the next one, and when 1 went up stairs last Tuesday, hours after him, I found that he had not even taken his shoes off; and he had no candle, so he must have sat moping in the dark all the time. Now, upon my word, ' said Mrs. Nickleby, " when I come to think of it, that's very extraordinary ! " As the hearers did not echo this senti ment, but remained profoundly silent, either as not knowing what to say,- or as being unwilling to' interrupt, Mrs- Nickle by. pursued the thread of her discourse J after her own fashion. . f " I hope," said that lady, " that this un accountable conduct may not be the be ginning of his taking to his bed, and liv ing there all his life, like the Thirsty Wo man of Tutbury, or the Ccck-lane Ghost, or some of those extraordinary creatures. One of them had some connexion with our family. I forget, without looking back to som old letters 1 have up-stairs, whether it was my great-grandfather who went to school with the Cock-lane Ghost, or the Thirsty Womam of Tutbury who went to school with my grandmother. Miss La Creevv, you know, of course. Which was it that didn't mind what the clergyman said ? The Cock-lane Ghost or the Thirsty Woman of Tutbury ? " "The Cock-lane Ghost, I believe." " Then I have no doubt," said Mrs. Nickleby, " that it was with him my great grandfather went to school ; for I know I the master of his school was a dissenter, and that would in a great measure account for the Cock-lane Ghost's behaving in such an- improper manner to the clergy man when he grew up. Ah ! Train up a Ghost — child, I meau .' Anv further reflections on this fruitful theme were abruptly cut thort by the ar rival of Tim Linkinwater and Mr. Frank Cheeryble; in the hurry of receiving whom, Mrs. Nickleby speedily lost sight of everything else. " I am so sorry Nicholas is not at home," said Mrs. Nickleby. ' Kate, my dear, you must be both Nicholas and yourself." " Miss Nickleby need be but herself," said Frank. " I — if I may venture to say so — oppose all change in her." " Then at all events she shall press you to stay," returned Mrs. Nickleby. " Mr. Linkinwater says ten minutes, but I cannot let you go so soon ; Nicholas would be very much vexed, I am sure. Kate, my dear In obedience to a great number of nods and winks and frowns of extra significance, Kate added her entreaties that the visitors would remain ; but it was observable that she addressed them exclusively to Tim Linkinwater ; and there was, besides, a certain embarrassment in her manner, which, although it was as far from im pairing its graceful character as the tinge: it communicated to her cheek was from diminishing her beauty, was obvious at a glance even toMrs. Nickleby. Not being of a very speculative character, however, save under circumstances when her speculations could be put into words and uttered aloud, that discreet matron attributed the emotion to the circumstance of her daughter's not happening to have her best frock on— "though I never saw her look better, certainly," she reflected at the same time. Having settled the question in this way, and being most complacently satisfied that in this, as in all other instances, her conjecture could not fail to be the right one, Mrs. Nickleby dismissed it from her thoughts, and inwardly congratulated her self on being so shrewd and knowing. Nicholas did not come home, nor did Smike re-appear; but neither circum stance, to say the truth, had any great effect upon the little party, who were all in the best humour possible. Indeed, there sprung up quite a flirtation between Mice T.o Prppw nnd Tim Linkinwater. who said a thousand jocose and facetious things, and became, by degrees, quite gallant, not to say tender. Little Miss La Creevy on her part was in high spirits, and rallied Tim on having remained a bachelor all his life, with so much success, that Tim was actually induced to declare, that if he could get anybody to have him, he dind't know but what he might change his condition even yet. Miss La Creevy earnestly recommended a lady she knew who would exactly suit Mr. Linkinwater, and had a very comfortable property of her own; but this latter qualification had very little effect upon Tim, who manfully protested that fortune would be no object with him, but that true worth and cheer fulness of disposition were what a man should look for in a wife, and that if he had these he could find money enough for the moderate wants of both. This avowal was considered so honorable to Tim, that neither Mrs. Nickleby nor Miss La Creevy could sufficiently extol it ; and stimulated by their praises, Tim launched out into several other declarations also manifesting the disinterestedness of his heart, and a great devotion to the fair sex, which were received with no less approbation. This was done and said with a comical mixture of jest and earnest, and, leading to a great amount of laughter, made them very merry indeed. ' Kate was commonly the life and soul of the conversation at home ; but she was more silent than usual upon this occasion —perhaps because Tim and Miss La Creevy engrossed so much of it — and keeping aloof from the talkers; sat at the window watching the shadows as the evening closed in, and enjoying the quiet beauty of the night, which seemed to have scarcely less attractions for Frank, who first lingered near and then, sat down -be side her. No doubt there are a great many things to be said appropriate to a summer evening, and no doubt they are best said in a low voice, as being most suitable to the peace and serenity of the hour ; long pauses, too, at times, and then an earnest wordi or so, and then another interval of silence which somehow does not seem like silence either, and perhaps now and then a hasty turning away of the head, or drooping of the eyes towards the ground — all these minor circumstances, with a disinclination to have candles introduced and a tendency to confuse hours with minutes, are doubtless mere influences of the time, as many lovely lips can clearly testify. Neither is there the slightest reason why Mrs. Nickleby ' should have expressed surprise when — candles being at length brought in — Kate s bright eyes were unable to- bear the light, which obliged her to avert her face, and even to leave the room for some short time ; be cause when one has sat in the dark so long, candles are dazzling, and nothing can-be more strictly natural than that such results should be produced, as all well- informed young people know. For that matter, old people know it too or did know it once, but they forget these things sometimes, and more's the pity. The good lady's surprise, however, did not end. here. It was greatly increased when it was discovered that Kate had not the least appetite for supper : a discovery so alarming that there is no knowing in what unaccountable efforts of oratory Mrs. Nickleby' s apprehensions might have been vented, if the general attention had not been attracted at the moment by a very strange and uncommon noise, proceeding, as the pale and trembling servant-girl affirmed, and as everybody's sense of hearing seemed to affirm also, "right down" the chimney of the adjoining room. It being quite plain to the compre hension of all present that, however extraordinary and improbable it might ap- pear, tne noise uiu uevciiueiess prueetru from the chimney in question ; and the noise (which was a strange compound of various shuffling, sliding, rumbling, and struggling sounds, all muffled by the chimney) still continuing, Frank Cheery ble caught up a candle, and Tim Linkin water the tongs, and they would have very quickly ascertained the cause of this disturbance if Mrs. Nickleby had not been taken very faint, and declined being left behind on any account. This produced a short remonstrance, which terminated in their all proceeding to the troubled cham ber in a body, excepting only Miss La Creevy, who, as the servant-girl volun teered a confession of having been subject to fits in her infancy, remained with her to give the alarm and apply restoratives, in case of extremity. Advancing to the door of the mysterious apartment, they were not a little surprised to hear a human voice, chanting with a highly elaborated expression of melancholy, and in tones of suffocation which a human voice might have produced from under five or six feather-beds <Jf the best quality, the once popular air of " Has she then failed, in her truth, the beautiful maid I adore !" Nor, on bursting into the room without demanding a parley, was their astonishment lessened by the discovery that these romantic sounds certainly pro ceeded from the throat of some man up the chimney, of whom nothing was visible but a pair of legs, which were dangling above the grate, apparently feeling with extreme anxiety for the top bar whereon to effect a landing. A sight so unusual and business-like as this completely paralysed Tim Linkin water, who, after one or two gentle pinches at the stranger's ancles, which were productive of no effect, stood clap ping the tongs together as if he were sharpening them for another assault, and did nothing else. " This must be some drunken fellow," said Frank. "No thief would announce his presence thus." As he said this with great indignation, he raised the candle to obtain a better view of the legs, and was darting forward to pull them down with very little ceremony, when Mrs. Nickleby, clasping her hands, uttered a sharp sound something between a scream and an exclamation, and de manded to know whether the .mysterious limbs were not clad in small- clothes and grey worsted stockings, or whether her eyes had deceived her. ' " Yes," cried Frank, looking a little closer. : " Small-clothes certainly, and — and — rough grey stockings, too. Do you know him, ma'am ?" " Kate, my dear," said Mrs. Nickleby deliberately sitting herself down with that sort of desperate resignation which seemed to imply that now matters had come to a crisis, and all disguise was useless, " you will have the goodness, my love, to ex plain precisely how this matter stands. I have given him no encouragement — none whatever — not the least in the world. You know that, my dear, perfectly well. He was very respectful- — exceed ingly respectful- — when he declared, as you were a witness to ; still at the same time, if I am to be persecuted in this way, if vegetable wliat's-his -names and all kinds of garden-stuff are to strew my path out of doors, and gentlemen are to come choking up our chimneys at home, I really don't know — upon my word I do not know — what is to become of me. It's a very hard case — harder than anything I was ever exposed to before I married your poor dear papa, though I suffered a good deal of annoyance then — bur that, of course, I expected, and made up my mind for. When I was not nearly so old as you, my dear, there was a young gen tleman who sat next us at church, who used almost every Sunday to cut my name in large letters in the front of his pew while the sermon was going on. It was gratifying, of course, naturally so, but still it was an annoyance, because the pew was in a very conspicuous place, and he was several times publicly taken out by the beadle for doing it. But that was nothing to this. This is a great deal worse, and a great deal more embarrassing. I would rather, Kate, my dear," said Mrs. Nickleby, with great solemnity, and an effusion of tears — " I would rather, I de clare, have been a pig-faced lady, than be exposed to such a life as this !" Frank Cheeryble and Tim Linkinwater looked, in irrepressible astonishment, first at each other, and theD at Kate, who felt that some explanation was necessary, but who, between her terror at the apparition of the legs, her fear liest their owner should be smothered, and her anxiety to give the least ridiculous solution of the mystery that it was capable of bearing, was quite unable to utter a single word. " He gives me great pain," continued Mrs. Nickleby, drying her eyes— " great pain ; but don't hurt a hair of his head, I beg. On no account hurt a hair of his head." , It would not, under existing circum stances, have been quite so easy to hurt a hair of the gentleman's head as Mrs. Nickleby seemed to imagine, inasmuch as that part of his person was some feet up the chimney, which was bv ho means a , wide one.. But as ail this time he had never left off singing about the bankruptcy of the beautiful maid in respect of truth, and now began not only to croak very feebly, but to kick with great violence as if respiration, became a task. of difficulty, Frank Cheeryble without further hesitation pulled at the shorts and worsteds with such heartiness as to bring him floundering into the room with greater precipitation than he had quite calculated upon. " Oh ! yes, yes," said Kate, directly the whole figure of the singular visitor ap peared in this abrupt manner . " I know who it is. Prav don't be rough with him. Is he hurt ? 1 hope not-— oh, pray see if he is hurt." " He is not, I assure you," replied Frank, handling the object of his sur prise, after this appeal, with sudden ten derness and respect. " He is not hurt in the least." s » T\ «, 1 A 1 — ..11 mm! J .1 jpn l let mm come diiy xiecirer wdivi Kate, retiring as far as she could. " No, no, he shall not," rejoined Frank. " You see I have him secure here. But may I ask you what this means, and whether you expected this old gentleman ?" "Oh no," said Kate, " of course not; but he— mama does not think so, I believe —but he is a mad gentleman who has es caped from the next house, and must have found an opportunity of secreting himself here." " Kate," interposed Mrs. Nickleby, with a severe dignity, " I am surprised at you." " Dear mama — " Kate gently remon strated. " I am surprised at you," repeated Mrs. Nickleby ; " upon my word, Kate, I am quite astonished that you should join the persecutors of this unfortunate gentleman, when you know very well that they have the basest designs upon his property, and that that is the whole secret of it. It would be much kinder of you, Kate, to ask Mr. Linkinwater or Mr. Cheeryble to interfere in his behalf, and see him righted. You ought not to allow your feelings to influence you ; it's not right — very far from it. What should my feelings be, do you sup pose ? If anybody ought to be indignant, who is it"? I, of course, and very properly so. Still, at the same time, I wouldn't commit such an act of injustice for the world. No." continued Mrs. Nickleby, drawhig herself up, and looking another way with a kind of bashful stateliness; " this gentleman will understand me when I tell him that I repeat the answer I gave him the other day— that I always will re peat it — though I do believe him to be sincere when I find him placing himself in such dreadful situations on my account— and that I request him to have the goodness to go away directly, or it will be impossible to keep his behaviour a secret from my son Nicholas. I am obliged to him, very much obliged to him, but I cannot listen, to his addresses for a moment. It's quite im possible." While this address was in course of delivery, the old gentleman, with his nose and cheeks embellished with large patches of soot, sat upon the ground with his arms folded, eyeing the spectators in profound silence, and with a very majestic demean our. He did not appear to take the smallest notice of what Mrs. Nickleby said, hut when she ceased to speak he honored her with a long stare, and inquired if she had nnile finished. "I have nothing more to say," replied that lady, modestly. " I really cannot say anything more." "Very good," said the old gentleman, raising his voice, " then bring in the bot tled lightning, a clean tumbler, and a corkscrew." Nobody executing this order, the old gentleman, after a short pause, raised his voice again and demanded a thunder sand wich. This article not being forthcoming either, he requested to be served with a fricassee of boot-tops and gold-fish sauce, and then laughing heartily, gratified his hearers with a very long, very loud, and most melodious bellow. But still Mrs. Nickleby, in reply to the significant looks of all about her, shook her head as though to assure them that she saw nothing whatever in all this, unless, indeed, it were a slight degree of eccentricity. She might have remained impressed with these opinions down to the latest moment of her life, but for a slight tvaia ol circumstances, which, trivial as they were, altered the whole complexion of the case. It happened that Miss La Creevy, finding her patient in no very threatening condition and being strongly impelled to see what was going forward, bustled into the room while the old gentleman was in the very act of' bellowing. It happened, too, that the instant the old gentleman saw her, he stop ped short, skipped suddenly on his feet, and fell to kissing his hand violently : a change of demeanour which almost terrified the little portrait- painter out of her senses, and caused her to retreat behind Tim Linkinwater with the utmost expedition. " Aha !" cried the old gentleman, folding his hands, and squeezing them with great force against each other. " I see her now ; L. see her now. My love, my life, my bride, my peerless beauty. She is come at last — at last — and all is gas and gaiters !" Mrs. Nickleby looked rather disconcerted for a moment, but immediately recovering, nodded to Miss La Creevy and the other spectators several times, and frowned, anci smiled gravely, giving them to understand that she saw where the mistake was, and would set it all to rights in a liiiniite or two. " She is come !" said the old gentleman, laying his hand upon his heart. " Cor- moran and Blunderbore! She is come ! All the wealth I have i3 hers if she will take me for her slave. Where are grace, . beauty, and blandishments like those P In the Empress of Madagascar ?. No. In jhe Queen of Diamonds ? No. In Mrs. Rowland, who every morning bathes her self in Kalydor for nothing ? No. Melt all these down into one, with the three Graces, the nine Muses, and fourteen biscuit-bakers' danghters from Oxford-street, arid make a woman half as lovely. Plro ! I defy you." Alter uttering this rhapsody, the old gentleman snapped, his fingers twenty or thirty times, and then subsided into an ( ecstatic contemplation of Miss La Creevy's H— 1 charms. This "affording Mrs. Nicklebv a lavorable opportunity of explanation, she went about it straight. . ... " I am sure," said the worthy lady, with a. prefatory cough, " that it is a great relief under such trying circumstances as these, to have anybody else mistaken for me— a very great relief; aud it's a circumstance that never occurred before, although I have several times been mistaken for my daugh ter Kate. I have no doubt the people were very foolish and ought to have known better, but still they did take me . for her> and of course that was no fault of mine, and it would be very hard indeed if I was to be made responsible for it. However, in this instance, of course I must feel that I should do exceedingly wrong if I suffered anybody — especially anybody that I am under great obligations to — to be made uncom fortable on my account, and therefore I if »""» rr /lllftl nm/tvt Liimrv it All J UUIJ UJ ten LUal that he is mistaken — that I am the lady who he was told by some impertinent person was niece to the Council of Paving- stones, and that I do beg and intreat of him to go quietly away, if it's only for" — here Mrs. Nickleby simpered and hesitated — for my sake.1 It might have been expected that the old gentleman would have been penetrated to. the heart by the delicacy and condescension of this appeal, and that he would at least have returned a courteous and suitable reply. What, then, was the shock- which Mrs. Nickleby received, when, accosting her in the most unmistakeable manner, he replied in a loud and sonorous voice— A vaunt Cat!" ' " Sir !" cried Mrs. Nickleby, in a- faint tone. \ - i :.u; v . " Cat !" repeated the old getirieinan. " Puss, Kit, Tit, Grimalkin; TabbyBfjn-- die — Whoosh!" with which last spund, uttered in a hissing manner between his teeth, the old gentleman swung : his .arms violently round and rouiid, and at.the; same time alternately advanced on Mrs. Nickleby, and retreated from her, in that species-; of savage dance with which boys -on - market- days may be seen to frigliteu pigs,- sheep and other animals, when they give ou.f obstinate indications of turning down a wrong street. Mrs. Nickleby wasted no words, but uttered an exclamation of horror and sur prise, and immediately fainted away. "I'll attend to mama," said Kate,; hastily ; " I am not at all frightened. But pray take him away ; pray take him away.'1 Frank was not at all confident of his power of complying with this request, Un til he bethought himself of the stratagem of sending Miss La Creevy on a few paces in advance, and urging the old gentleman to follow her, It succeeded to a miracle ; and he went away in a rapture of admiration, strongly guarded by Tim Linkinwater on one side, and Frank himself on the other. " Kate," murmured Mrs. Nickleby, re viving when the coast was clear, " is he gone ?" She was assured that he was. " I shall never forgive myself, Kate," said Mrs. N ickleby ; " N ever ! That gen tleman has lost his senses, and I am the unhappy cause.-' " You the cause !" said Kate, greatly astonished. "I, my love," replied Mrs. Nickleby, with a desperate calmness.. "You saw what he was the other day ; you see what he is now. I told your brother, weeks aiid weeks ago, Kate, that I hoped a disap pointment might not be too much for him. You see what a wreck he is. Making allowance for his being a little flighty, you know how rationally, and sensibly, and honorably he talked, when we saw him in the garden. You have heard the dreadful nonsense he has been guilty of, this night, and the manner in which he has gone on with that poor unfortunate little old maid. Can anybody doubt how all this has been brought about !" " I should scarcely think they could," said Kate mildly. - " 1 should scarcely think so, either,'' re joined her mother. "Well! if I am the unfortunate cause of this, I have the satis faction of knowing that I am not to blame. I told Nicholas — I said to him, ' Nicholas, my dear, we should be very careful how we proceed.' He would scarcely hear me. If the matter had only been properly taken up at first, as I wished it to be — — . But you are both of you so like your poor papa. However, I have my consolation, and that should be enough for me !" Washing her hands, thus, of all respon sibility under this head, past, present, or to come, Mrs. Nickleby kindly added that she hoped her children might never have greater cause to reproach themselves than she had, and prepared herself to receive the escort, who soon returned with the intel ligence that the old gentleman was safely housed, and that they found his custodians, who had been making merry with some friends, wholly ignorant of his absence. Quiet being again restored, a delicious half hour — so Frank called it in the course of subsequent conversation with- Tim Lin kinwater as they were walking home— a delicious half hour was spent in conversation, and Tim's watch at length apprising him that it was high time to depart, the ladies were left alone, though not without many offers on the part of Frank to remain until Nicholas arrived, no matter what hour of the night it might he, if, after the late neighbourly irruption, they entertained the least fear of being left to themselves. As their freedom from all further appre hension, howerer, left no pretext for his insisting on mounting guard, he was obliged to abandon the citadel, and to retire with the trusty Tim. Nearly three hours of silence passed away, and Kate blushed to find when Ni cholas returned, how long she had been sitting alone occupied with her own thoughts. "I really thought r it had not been hall an hour," she said. " They must have been pleasant thoughts, Kate," rejoined Nicholas gaily, " to make time pass away like that. What were they now ?" Kate was confused ; she toyed with some trifle on the table— looked up and smiled— looked down and dropped a tear. " Why, Kate," said' Nicholas, drawing his sister towards him and kissing her, " let me see your face. No?' Ah; that was but a glimpse; that's scarcely fair. A longer look than that, Kate. Gome— and I'll read your thoughts for yon." There was something in this proposition, albeit it.was said without the slightest coh- sciousness or application, which so alarmed his sister, that Nicholas laughingly changed the subject to domestic matters, and tlnis gathered by degrees. its they left the room and went up-stairs together, how lonely Smike had been all night— and by very slow degrees; too,' for on this subject also Kate seemed to speak with some reluctance. " Poor fellowf' said Nicholas, tapping gently at his dpor, " what can be the caue of all this ?" Kate was hanging On her brother's arm, arid the door being quickly opened, had not time to disengage herself, before Smike, very pale and haggard; and coinpletejy. aresseci, comrontea tnem. " And have you not been to bed ?" said Nicholas. " N — n— no," was the reply. Nicholas gently detained his sister, who made an effort to retire; arid askied, " Why not ?"' : " I could not sleep," said Smike,. grasping the hand which his friend extended to him. - " You are not well ?" rejoined Nicholas. " I am better, indeed— a great deal bei- ter,"1 said Smike quickly. " Then, why do you give way to these fits of melancholy ?" inquired Nicholas, in his kindest manner ; " or why not tell us the cause ? You grow a different creature, Smike." "I: do; I know I do," he replied. "-I will tell you the reason one day, but ndt now. I hate myself for this; you are ajl so good and kind. But I cannot help it. . My heart is very full; — you do not know- how full it is." . ;f. ' He wrung Nicholas's hand before he released it ; and glancing for a moment at the brother- and sister as. they stood together; as if there were something in their strong . affection which touched him very deeply?,;, ' withdrew into his chambev, and was soon the only watcher under that quiet roof. (To be continued.) 