WE congratulate the British nation upon the safe arrival, thus far in the progress of their adventurous course in the advancement of hydrographical knowledge, of the discovery ships, Erebus, Captain Ross, and Terror, Captain Crozier, under the commaud of the former officer. They will remain here, we understand, some short time to refit, although very little is requisite in either ship; both being in the highest state of equipment, and officers and men in the best health and spirits, equal to any thing which British sailors can accomplish which comprehends, we believe, the ne plus ultra of maritime ability. That no time might be passed in useless inactivity, the ships are placed nearly adjoining the Domain, on which an Observatory is erecting, where the necessary scientific pursuits will be carried on, for which purpose the astronomical and other apparatus is landed. We shall endeavour to obtain such informa- tion of the voyage hitherto, as the officers of the expedition may think proper or be permitted to afford. WE have been favoured by a friend with the following, seemingly to us, unanswerable argument against the proposed Act of Council, the object of which is to deprive Colonists of the benefit of "the statute of James." The important advantages secured to every landed proprietor in the Colony by the statute of James, may be summed up in a few words. It prevents the Government from depriving the land- holder of his property, which, if the proposed declaratory Act, that the statute is not in opera- tion here, passes, the Government whenever it may be disposed, will be enabled to do so. It is not because the present Governor would be in- capable of lending himself to oppression, that a Governor may not arrive here who might be. In such a case, although the Government could not possess itself without a writ of intrusion of one acre of land of which any individual was in pos- session, yet if the statute of James is repealed, for that is the object of the proposed Act, a Governor could, by issuing a grant deed, do by another what he could not do by himself. For example, let us put an extreme case, but that is the true method of shewing what may be done; and how- ever improbable it is, yet it is the duty of the legislature to guard against possibility of oppres- sion. Let us suppose a Governor here, whose measures Mr. Archer, the largest proprietor in the Island, might oppose, or by giving other cause of offence bring upon himself vengeance, and that such a Governor determined to oust Mr. Archer from his noble estates. It would be impossible that such a purpose could be effected by any Governor or by any government direct; but how readily could it be effected, if the statute did not afford Mr. Archer its secure protection. The Governor would only have to issue to some in- strument of his vengeance a new grant deed of all Mr. Archer's vast possessions, and what would be the result ? No matter that Mr. Archer had the old grant deeds safe in his iron chest, of what use would they be? The new grantee would pro- ceed to eject Mr. Archer from his own house. It would be in vain that he offered to produce his old grants as his defence in such an action of ejectment: the court could not permit them to be received in evidence. A new grant deed sweeps away all previous documents, the law pre- sumes that when it issues, the Crown was in pos session of the land the grant conveys to the grantee, and Mr. Archer would be defenceless in such an action. Not so if he had the protection of the statute of James. He would plead it, prove his possession, and retain his property. It is quite true that such a violation of the great charter would release Englishmen from their allegiance, but there would be a regiment here at the orders of the supposed Governor and its bayonets would be found strong allegiance pre- servers. Thus our correspondent. Colonists! In- dependent members of the legislature look to this! A case somewhat parallel to that imagined by our correspondent has actually occurred. It may occur again, if you de- prive the Colony of that great safeguard which the proposed declaratory Act seeks to lake away from them. THE whole colony is united in opposition to the Road Act. Manifold and unanswer- able as are the objections to the details, they are absorbed in that, the great fundamental one, upon which, we repeat, the whole colo- ny is united as one man, taxation. The Colony feels that if the head is let in, the whole body will soon follow. If the princi- ple is once permitted, there can be no ground for stopping it, to whatever oppres- sive extent the finding food for patronage may carry it. If the people are to be taxed at all—as is proposed under the Road Act, the houses they inhabit will be the next step, and by and bye the patronage appe- tite will encrease by the food it receives, for a whole army of salaried tax- gatherers will infest the land. The people of the great colony felt this—the independent Members of Council united in opposing a similar at- tempt, inch by inch, and SUCCEEDED! Let us hope that the same patriotic spirit will be found to exist here, that the independent members of the Tasmanian Council will not be less zealous in the cause of their country than their brethren in Australia. Let our island be free from the reproach which a contrary course would carry with it. WE last week inserted Mr. Wentworth's vindication of the British constitution from the inroad attempted to be made upon it by the New Zealand Commissioners' Bill. We now furnish our readers with extracts from Mr. A'Beckett's very able speech on the same side. We call the particular attention of our readers to the passages in italics, bearing as they do strongly upon that most "illegal, unconstitutional, and unjust" pro- posed ordinance "the Issue Bill," and upon its predecessor "the Prohibition Bill." Mr. A'Beckett insisted, and it was not attempted to be denied, because denial is impossible "that no subject could be divested of his property without the intervention of a jury of his countrymen." Yet the distillers have been so divested here, and not only without the intervention of a Jury of their country- men, but without that compensation without which the constitution has provided that no individual can be forced to relinquish his property. Mr. Justice Stephen wrote upon one of the Prison Discipline Jaws that "it was fitting only for Turkey or Persia," what would he have written upon the "Prohibition Bill," what upon the Issue Bill ? Never was an instance under the British flag of treatment such as that which the Distillers have been subjected to, by the unconstitu- tionally depriving them of their property, which deprivation is made matter of boast by the Government that it has added to its revenue more thousands of pounds in one year than the whole compensation required by the deprived would have amounted to. The following is the extract from Mr. A' Beckett's speech before the Sidney Legislative Council to which we have referred: we copy as before from the Herald:— With respect to the details of the Bill itself, were it merely out of mercy to it, he would make no farther comment Upon them. As to the pro- clamation, he would only remark farther, that if it was declaratory of a new law, that law was evi- dently of a similar import with the one he had already adverted to from Story; but that was not an English law, but one of the United States' enactments, and which the British legislature had not as yet made a precedent of. The present measure was nothing else than an assumption of the rights of the British Parliament, and a taking of the law out of the hands of the proper judicial authorities. Such a Bill could not be passed, even by the British Parliament, because the au- thority of that legislative body, great as it is, is circumscribed by the well-known principle, that it cannot enact or pass any law which is repug- nant to the principles of British liberty—and one of the most prominent of these was well known to be that no subject could be divested of his property without the intervention of a jury of his country- men ; but, according to the present Bill, the Crown by its appointing the Commissioners, and furnish- ing them with their instructions, became in reality the Judge, Jury, and administrators of the law— whereas, it was well known that it was the judicial power which was vested with the preservation of the liberties of the subjects, and such, he submitted, was a fundamental principle of the British Consti- tution, that would be violated were the present Bill to be passed by the Council. Blackstone had clearly shown that no person who was a sub- ject of the British Crown could be put out of his possessions by any means but by the law. No, not even in cases where it was for the public ad- vantage that such property should be relinquished as was instanced in the case of constructing roads, in which it was necessary before the ground of any individual could be passed through that he should receive an indemnification for whatever injury his property might sustain by the road being made through it. And even as regards this indemnification the British constitution had pro- vided that the individaal who was to be divested of his property could only be forced to relinquish it for an indemnification by an Act of Parliament. And he submitted that such a principle of British law could not be unknown to Lord Normanby, and therefore, he never could have intended by the proclamation of Governor Hobson, nor by his instructions to that gentleman to subvert it. He had no wish to induce honourable members to think that his Excellency the present Governor would at all act in such a way as to subvert this invaluable principle of British liberty, but at the same time they might not always have such an upright and well-intentioned Governor, and there- fore it became the duty of the Council to provide against any undue exercise of power by either a good or a bad Governor. WE have much pleasure in copying from the Launceston Advertiser, the following very excellent remarks upon Mr. Gell's "school." Uniformity of belief can never be expected, and constrained uniformity of profession is worthless; if men think at all they will think differently; the only power that can decide does not interpose, but has left our diversities of opinion to exercise our charity. The wise will examine for them- selves, assistance is desired, but they will ask no premium on their faith, or more tlian the willing homage of mankind : we detest the acrimonious orthodoxy which hmls its doctrines with a pitch- fork, and belabours all it cannot convince—a sceptic, in religious disguise, may fulminate de- nunciations, but the mark of the christian is charity. We have been led to these observations by the college scheme, and the minute and angry dis- cussion of its merits by contemporary writers. We regret, in common with a large portion of the colony, the bitterness with which this and every other subject of public interest is discussed —why should a small community be annoyed with the petty spleen of individuals on every occasion of debate? If Mr. Fry disclaims an intention of disturbing religious belief, shall we question his sincerity because he has been con- nected with exclusionists ; or Mr. Anstey's pro- fessions of liberality, because his creed is asso- ciated with the history of the Inquisition? Some with the history of the Inquisition ? Some people are better than their systems: but those who would honour the faith they espouse must not let their practical uncharitableness conduct suspicion to their principles. The question appears to us to be in a small compass: all parties admit that the Government cannot interfere with religious beliefs without acting unjustly, but to grant pecuniary advan- tages to one faith, denied to the rest, is to fine a part for the benefit of the remainder—it matters not what the grant may be called, or to what extent it may reach: such is its nature, and as such it should be denominated. Surely it is no answer to say that, while the state provides religious instruction for one class, at the expense of all, it allows the excluded to obtain instruction where they please! The question of numbers may be one of expe- diency, but not of justice; a state may sustain the majority in wrong with impunity, but we had better have no public education at all, than that it should be based on the mere power of the many over the pockets of the few. There are but two courses open to the Go- vernment; to refuse all assistance—or to strip their systems of education of every rag of favor- itism, and leave the parents to provide board and religious instruction in their own way. Accord- ing to Mr. Fry's estimate of their numerical strength, the difficulty would not be great to the members of the Anglican church; and those of other churches ask no assistance. Such are our opinions, and such are the opi- nions of the majority of our townsmen. Should the opposite obtain the favor of his Excellency Sir John Franklin, it will be but temporary and unavailing ; although it may prolong contention and retard the usefulness of the institution. WHEN Captain Maconochie first deve- loped his plan substituting "moral influ- ence" for " physical coercion," we warmly supported his principle, although we con- sidered much of his practice objectionable (particularly the mutual responsibility por- tion of it) in reference to his very principle itself. But that principle, we repeat, had our most hearty concurrence, and we re- joiced to see the day when a man could be found with the feeling and the moral courage to denounce the frightful system of treating men like brutes, as Captain Maconochie well described it—"passing the iron through the heart." The experiment of putting down this demoniacal system has been made, but in a manner which, with all our entire con- currence in Captain Maconochie's principle, we extremely regret to see that he has started. We have, in common with the whole of both colonies, serious fears for the result. We apprehend very much that the extreme extent of general indulgence to which he has, in his zeal for humanity, gone, will cause not only the whole of his excellent intentions to fail, but that the re- action may bring about a system of still greater severity than that which he intended to ameliorate. In saying this, we do not in the slightest degree depart from the opinions which we have ever held upon that most important subject, the treating of the crown prisoners with humanity—opinions with we rejoice to find we have not only the con- currence of both our Launceston contempo- raries, but that they have the manliness to avow them. It is our intention at the earliest opportunity to offer a few remarks upon what we fear will be found to be a very injudicious commencement by Capt. Maconochie. We now insert the extracts from the Northern journals to which we have above referred. (From the Cornwall Chronicle.) As to the Police Magistrates in the country, some of them do things which out- herod Herod. We can furnish specimens of the most tyrannical proceedings that ever disgraced a free country, the lash inflicted, solitary cells, hard labour in chains, hard words; a christian, or, as he is termed in Turkey or Persia, an infidel, could not be more tyrannized over than are unhappy convicts by the country justices. As Sir John Franklin thinks a runaway insolvent qualified for the bench—as he imagines a dishonest pauper entitled to hold the seals of justice when the lives and liberties of her Majesty's subjects are at stake, it behoves every free inhabitant to join in bringing the matter under the consideration of the Home Govern- ment, or, perhaps what would be better, to bring the "state doings" before Parliament. What are the really honorable and independent magistrates about to continue in a commission with such men as some of those who now disgrace it? Where is the moral excellence of this land, when all sorts mingle to make "a bench?" The Government must be in an unsound state indeed, when it fears to act. Such doings would not have taken place in Colonel Arthur's reign. Times indeed are sadly changed, and much as we disapproved of Sir George Arthur, still we (and we speak the sentiments of all the public) disapprove ten times more of the present reign, or we should say, inter- regnum. (From the Launceston Advertiser.) Thus after all the changes in legislation, after the experiments of ages, we are still left to con- jecture the degree of severity with which crime must be visited to be restrained; and the amount of indulgence lequisite to the reformation of the criminal. Nations have tried the gibbet and the axe, until wearied with slaughter: they have appointed solitude and privation until productive of madness and pestilence—they have peopled gaols and penitentiaries until crowded to suffoca- tion; then, changing their measures, they have cast the offender on the wilderness; but, when they saw him struggling with hardship, they re- lapsed into sentiments of compassion, nor would humanity allow that his advances to enjoyment should be interrupted, or that perpetuity should be affixed to his misery. They then began to complain that his punishment was more nominal than real—more happy in his exile than the peasantry of his native country—that his condi- tion excited envy, and offered incentives to others to follow his steps. The Executive, roused by these considerations, enjoined new severities to make banishment terrific; then, doubtful of the change, mollified their coercive decrees, lest the prisoner should be denumbed by despair, or goaded into recklessness. Thus, penal discipline, directed to different objects, has presented a series of anomalies and contradictions. Legislators demand an equality of punishment and an uniformity of indulgence—deserved before enjoyed; but the moment indulgence breaks in on the Kingdom of Iron, and disturbs the equality of external misery, the proportion in which it is enjoyed will have but little relation to the general worthiness of those who receive it. The lihadamanthus of the Norfolk Island Tartarui will not possess the penetration of his great prototype, of wkom poets tell— " Castigatque auditque dolos subigitque fateri," but deceived and cajoled, his vigilance will be eluded; and lie will send back his charge to society, untried by those only tests which demonstrate reformation of character. The true disposition appeal's when in contact with social life, and not under the eye or the lash of a keeper. ]W punishment, we are told, is to be sternly eqiial; it is to gather its subjects into one locality —Vi^^the them iu one garb, and to know them ! 1 onlj-^psentenced by a court of judicature- IIu-1 manit|r shudders at a regulation which may unite together in one fate the wretch who after a thousand locky escapes, is netted by the law in the commission of the least of his crimps, with the man whose virtuous feelings were suspended for a moment to return for ever. We wait for the promised triumphs of the novel discipline; we shall look on the promised experiments with impartiality, and should the new system prove delusive, it will follow the fate of innumprable bubbles, which had (hey been solids, would have furnished materials sufficient to construct an Egyptian pyramid THE estimate of proposed expenditure for the next year is enormous—especially so in the present state of the Colony, with the expectation . before us of a very extensive diminution in our great support, British expenditure, consequent upon the, if not . entire, yet ail but suppression of transportation which it is declared by Ministers shall cease with the present year. Considering it our public duty—one which is imperatively called for from every independent journalist to exhibit to the whole Colony in the fullest detail this essence of profusion, we shall next week devote our whole available space to the investigation of every item, as fully as our limits will admit. In the meantime, we have now 1o state that its total amount, the cost of the civil government of a small community of ten thousand householders is, in round numbers, ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY THOUSAND POUNDS. The heads are as follow :— lieutenant Governor & Judges .. £5200 Civil Establishment (why almost the whole is .so) 58082 Public Works 8180 .Judicial, the Judges being charged before 16062 Ecclesiastical!!'. 13502 Schools (Mr. Gell, 2350) 11137 Military 328 Pensions 776 Public Buildings 9980 Miscellaneous 15638 Total!!! £138,888 This will certainly astonish the people of England, but how much more will they be, when the detail is exhibited! Economy, •indeed! Never was extravagance more extravagant (we might apply another word) than this unparalleled picture exhibits! There is, however, the pretence, the shadow, the ghost of appearance, of something .done by all comprehended in this vast catalogue of salaried functionaries, except in that the most precious of all possible jobs, called " the Queen's Schools!" We can- •not permit the short period of a week to pass over without copying from the "Estimate" this worst of insults'to the common sense of the Colonists. It is well known that- the whole thing is prospective—as to be—yet the people pay for it as being. Thus, this gioss deception appears in the estimate. QUEEN'S SCHOOL. Salary of Principal £50o One Master 200 Jn further aid of erecting a College .. 1250 \ :Rent for bui'.ding temporarily occupied as a Collegiate School ...... 300 ^ Contingencies 100 £2350 Now, throwing aside the "further' £1250, there remain ELEVEX HUNDRED POUNDS to the " Principal," and the one Master, for—distinctly and literally doing NOTHING WHATEVER ! Is there one sikgle matriculate at this " Collegiate School!" But let us suppose there will be ten, (the very extreme to which the most sanguine expectation can carry the number of the UPPER CLASSES") who will divide amongst them the prodigious services of the " Principal" and the " one Master," paying eighty h" ' 1 pounds per annum for the same, the joint cost to the people, and to the" upper class" parent will be, one hundred and ninety pounds per annum! And this for the education of a boy in Botany Bay! Mr. Gell has certainly driven a good bargain for himself. He requires no farther certificate of temporal talent than the production of his correspondence with Lord John Russell— his demand of £1000 for " outfit" and the rest of the Jew bargaining which is there disclosed. Jew did we say! No! The teachers of the "Children of Israel" display nothing of this sort in their dealings, for dealing it was to all intents and purposes. Generously did Mr. Attorney General Macdowell, in the Council, come to the rescue in preventing the. publication of that correspondence. Captain Swanston moved for it in order that the Colonists might see how skilled was "the Principal" in what has been called " personal arithmetic." What passed in thus reported in the Colonial Times:— The Attorney General said, that he could see no reason why papers of a private nature should be printed. There was a correspondence between the British Government and Mr. Gell, as to outfit, &c.; and, it was well known, that, in such matters every person was desirous to make as go a bargain as he could; but he could not think that the publication of such documents could prove in any way leneficial to the public; if, however, any benefit might accrue from such publication, the learned member would not object ; in his opinion, the report only should be published. Mr. Ashburner supported Captain Swanston's opinion, and contended that all the papers should be printed for the use, at least, of the Members of the Council. We believe, however, that Mr. Macdowell's clypeus septemplex was successfully ; interposed, and the correspondence remains "in the deep bosom of the Council buried." We shall endeavour nevertheless to obtain its chief particulars for the amusement, instruction, and something more of the Colonists. Never was the word " humbug" so accurately illustrated as in the palpable deception of endeavouring to carry away the public attention from the School which may possibly in some small degree, for it never will extensively upon the present plan, in some short time exist, to that of a College, which cannot by possibility exist for some years to come. Surely, it will be quite time enough for Mr. Gell and his jobbing friends to produce their " Minutes" for the regulations, course of reading, exhibitions, qualifications, and the rest of the precious humbug, by casting the dust of which in the eyes of the Colonists it is now attempted to blind them to its miserable trickery. Surely, again we say, it will be quite time enough to talk of, much more to pay for a College when there is a College to talk about. In the meantime, let not the Colonists be deceived by such palpable manoeuvring from looking at the plain facts, that a school, and a school only, is the present subject of discussion. Thus much ior Mr. Gell's item, which we shall not fail to exhibit iu its true form. The rest follow it in the same spirit,although, longo intervallo, indeed close approach would be too much for the endurance of even Colonial patience. We shall next week devote our best attention to this extraordinary document. THE following is the opening " address" of the Lieutenant Governor, which, in our last, we promised to insert:— Council Chamber, loth August, 1840. GESTI.F.MFN',—Since we last, met, her Majesty's Secffctary of State has notified to me that, by an Act of the Imperial Legislature, your powers have been enlarged so considerably, as to enable you to extend, whenever such a step may be deemed necessary! the Judicial Establishments" of the Colouy ; and" I congratulate you upon the increased responsibility thus devolved on you. One of the first measures which I shall propose for your adoption is a Bill to introduce Trial by Civil Juries in criminal cases ; a measure which I believe will be of substantial and paramount advantage,—not because the system of military juries hitherto prevailing has not been found pure and ef-; fective and merciful, but because every free inhabitant of this Island niil henceforth feel that he is subject tn a high moral responsibility, elevating to the individual character, and tending to promote a right public spirit, and to strengthen the bonds of social union. I proceed to say a very few words only on two subjects intimately connected with each other; namely, transportation and immigration,—although I have no legislative measures to propose which bear directly upon either of them. The instructions of the Secretary of State as to the disposal of convicts have been fully carried out. ' The prisoners who have arrived since November, 18S9, have been placed on the public works iu probationary gangs, there to remain for the minimum period of one year, and the maximum of four years, before they "pass into private seryicp. The assignment of domestic servants for purposes of luxury was put an end to, as you are aware, in July, 1839 ; and on the 1st ultimo, assignment in the towns of Hobart and Lauuceston ceased altogether. Thus there have been effected three changes or modifications of the former system of general and. unlimited assignment; but none of them reduces by its operation the number of prisoners who will become eventually available for purposes of field labour. The convicts therefore, no longer to be assigned in towns, or for, purposes of luxury, are now to be distributed in a manner which will eventually increase the supply of rural labourers only. But the immediate effects of the establishment of probationary gangs, and the consequent non-assignment of the convicts on arrival, are already se- : ' riously felt; and the inconvenience and privation have been the more apparent, because the increased demand for labour (owing to circumstances which I need not here detail, except to congratulate the colony upon the flourishing effect they have had upon its resources and developement,) has been such, that even the ordinary supply of labourers, on'thescale of former years, would have been wholly inadequate to meet it. The call for labour has bepn au unprecedented one; and it is no wonder, therefore, that the supply, which was never superabundant, should now have proved inadequate. It-is on this ground, and because I earnestly trust that the impetus which has been given to the agricultural activity of the colony may continue steadily progressive, that I deem the time is arrived when our resources should, us far as is jkissible, be main available for the purposes of immigration. In order to supply the special and individual wants of the settlers, and to secure to the colony a remunerative term of service for od the money expended', I have taken upon myself, without the sanction of the Secretary of State, to authorize an immediate immigration on the bounty system, upon conditions with which you are already acquainted. The applicants for immigrants under this arrangement are numerous,—a fact which leads me to regard its adoption with satisfaction ; and I have also urged upon tho Secretary of State the immediate introduction of immigrants upon the general system. I have no doubt that the increased supplies, thus introduced, will encourage the extension of agriculture, to the great advantage not only of this, but of the neighbouring colonies. Upon a comparison of the statement of the land under tillage in 1839 with that of 1858, I Jind the excess of the former over the latter is 22,399 acres : by this you will perceive how rapidly the agricultural resources of the country are in progress of developement, and may perhaps be led to infer that the present scarcity of labour, hawing embarrassing in itself, is probably tho result of a greatly extended cultivation, rather than of any diminution of population. You .are aware that I have always advocated the introduction of female immigrants ; and I trust that her Majesty's Government by this time will have favourably considered my repeated representations upon this subject. In my minute upon the estimates I shall lay before you a statement of the revenue, trade, and commerce of tho colony, which will be very strikingly indicative of the general prosperity. The Acts passed during the Sessions of 1838 and 1139, which have as yet received the Royal approval, have been notified in the Gazette ; and I have to draw your attention to the remarks of the Secretary of State on sciue ofthosp which have not been allowed. The Quarantine Act has been thought inapplicable to the circumstances of the colony. The Act respecting robbery and stealing fiom the Person, punishing robbery from wrecks, has been disallowed The second section of the Act for enabling the Colonial Treasurer to exercise the functions of Collector of Internal Revenue has also been disapprpved of, and that Act therefore disallowed ; and the South A nerican Dollar Act must also undergo amendment. The Act, No. 2, for the general appropriation of the revenue for the year 1840, has been reserved for the further pousidetatiou of her Majesty's Government. With respect to the Act, No. 7, for making and maintaining a bridge over the South Est River nc Norfolk Plains ; and the Act, No. 8, for makins, erec.tingj and maintaining a bridge across the River Dei- went, in the town of New N 01 folk, his Lordship observes, that, in the contingency of the money to be raised on mortgage not being paid oft', the bridge will remain for an indefinite period as private property. And, as this is the first occasion on which the erection of public works in Van Diemen's Land by a Joint Stock Company has come under the notice of her Majesty's Government, it appears to his Lordship the more necessary to observe, that in all legislation of this kind care should be taken to fix some period, however re/i.ote, after which the work should cease to be private property. In British Nordi America, where this system has long prevailed, and is well understood, sixty years is the longest term for which such works have ever been i left in the hands of the private undertakers of them. It seems to have been foreseen there, that if the extinction of mortgages had been fixed 011 as the date at which the exclusive privilege was to cease, such mortgages would never in point of fact have been paid off at all., Lord John Russell remarks, that her Majesty's decision on these Acts will be suspended until this Council shall have entered on the consideration of the question of the propriety of amending thein in this respect. I shall therefore cause a resolution I upon the subject to be proposed to you. The claims of Mr. Daniel O'Connor for compensation for the loss which be sustained by bushrangers are also, as you will perceive, by the despatch which I now lay upon the table, recommended tor your favourable consideration. I annex to this minute a list of the Acts which I propose to bring underyour consideration ; and to a few of these only do I conceive';it necessary to advert. 1 have already dra>vn your attention to the views with which I intend to propose for your adoption a bill to introduce Juries in Criminal cases. The J next to bring under your notice is an Act which, if approved, will enable me to re-appoint a Master to the Supreme Court } an office which, it may be re- J meaibered by )-ou, was abolished some years ago. under instructions from her Majesty's Government. Since that period, however, the business of the Supreme Court has so much increased, especially on the Equity side, as to render its restoration indispensable. t have received strong and favourable expressions of opinion upon the subject from both the Judges. The Road Act which I laid upon the table last year has undergone very considerable changes. It 1 will now give to the Quarter Session Districts of the Interior tfee appointment of Elective Commissioners of Roads, and will vest in the Director of Public Works the authority only which may appear to you requisite to enable him efficiently to discharge his duties in making repairing, and altering the Main Road from Hobart Town to Launceston, byway of Bridgewater, Oatlands, Campbell Town, and Perth. This line, once completed, 1 intend to give over to the Elected Commissioners, whereupon the Director's powers will cease. The expediency of keeping pace with the progress of simplification iu England relative, to the law of real property is so obvious as to require but little advocacy. The Bills now laid on the tablfe, therefore, with this view (two in number) do not. appear to call for anv observation from me. The Act for adopting a certain Act of Parliament passed in tho first year of the reign of her preBe'it, Majesty, intituled "An Act for the amendment of the laws with respect to Wills,' is a measure of considerable importance. The object 1 of the Legislature in England, in passing that Act, was to establish certain plain, intelligible, and definite rules for the execution of Wills. I need not remark upon the advantage likely to arise from the certainty and security with which .property may be transferred and for which this measure was meant, and in practice has been found to provide. There aro many important alterations which this law introduces, with respect to the power of persons under twenty-one years of age to dispose of personal property, which is by this Act prohibited ; with respect to the manner in which a will must be signed, and the requirement of witnesses even for the disposal of personal property ; and other changes, which it will be the duty of the Attorney-General to explain more at large to the Jouncil. I would add, that I have caused the English Act in this case, as well a-: in all others iu which an English Statute is proposed to be introduced, to be printed, and forwardeded to the members of council, together with the draft Acts by which it is proposed to introduce tliem. The act relative to the applicability of the statute of James the First, intituled "an act to prevent doubts as to the application of an act of parliament passed in the twenty-first year of James the First intituled " an act to admit the subject to plead ih** General Issue in Informatians of Intrusion brought an behalf of the King's Majesty and retain his possesion It!, . Trial to [t/iis Colony," is one of importance. The 1 Supreme Court having been unable, from a division of opinion between the Judges, to express any judgment upon the question, you are called upon, iu pursuance of the powers given you by the twentyfourth section of the Act 9th George IV, cap. G3, d decide m the matter either affirmatively or negatively. JJuch uncertainty has for some time existed in tho administration of justice between masters and servants and apprentices, inasmuch as many of the Acts of Parliament in force in the United Kingdom are inapplicable to the circumstances of this Colony 1 shall, therefore, again lay before vou an Act to consolidate the laws relating to apprentices and servants. Vou will, lam assured, from the interest which you formerly took in the measure, cordially concur with me in the propriety of adopting the Bill, intituled " An Act to restrain unqualified persons from practising as Attorneys or Conveyancers, and to make further provision for the admission ot' practitioners in the Supreme Court." It appears to me that the increased powers of tho Council, to which I adverted in the commencement of this address, could scarcely be applied to more legitima oethject than that of opening a way for the colonial youth to the Supreme Court., without demanding it of them as an essential requisite that they shall have had admission to one ot' the Courts of Great Britain or Ireland, The next is a private bill, intituled " An Act to provide for the " enrolment of powers of Attorney of the Van Diemen's Land Company." You will remember that, in 1G;58. a measure similarly intituled was rejected by a large majority of this Council. I think you will iind^ Unit the present, bill does not contain those provisions which occasioned the opposition to the former one; and it is right I should inform you that its principle has been suggested and recommended by the Secretary of State. 1 Of the necessity of securing, bv every possible means, the safe navigation of our coasts, 1 cannot possibly doubt. The late shipwrecks prove indisputably how very requisite additional Light-houses are ; aud I am happy to say that I have the full concurrence of the mercantile community of the colony in proposing a bill for your adoption to aid in effecting this object. The increased trade with the neighbouring settlements renders the erection of Light-houses in the intricate navigation of Bass's Slraits indispensable to the safety of vessels passing through those seas; and it is my intention to communicate with the Governor of New South Wales, 011 this subject, and his Excellency will, 110 doubt adopt measures beneficial to the two colonies. I regret not being yet in a position to settle the mode of proceeding in regard to the distillers, or to make any further payment to the rectifiers. I have purpisely delayed calling you together until I received a reply from the Secretary of Stale to my Reports of the proceedings of our last Session in reference to the compensation question. Lord John Russell acquai its me, under date 13th March last, that he had referred the whole question, as regarded the equity of those proceedings towards the patties affected, as well as the general question, for the decision of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury. Under such circumstances, 1 have 1:0 doubt you will concur with me in thinking that any discussion of these interests at the present moment would answer no good end. Immediately I receive Lord John Bussell's further instructions, I shall proceed i to carry them into effect; and, if necessary, shall again assemble you. I lay on the table plans of the projected improvements of the Wharfs at Hobart and Launceston ; plans of the new Government House and College, and tlie reports of tlie Director of Public Works respecting them. I also lay the Blue Book on the table ; and proceed to develope to you, in a separate minute, my views respecting tlie proposed College. •LIST OR ACTS. 1 Road Act. 2 Master Supreme Court Act, 3 Jury Act Amendment, 4 Civil Jury Act » Criminal Cases, fl Pawnbrokers' Act, <5 Statute 1st James 1st Act, 7 Limitation of Actions and Suits Amendment Act, 8 Recovery of Tenements Act, 9 South American Dollar Act, 10 Van Diemen's Land Company's -Attorney Act, 11 Will Act, 12 Apprentioeand Servant Act, J3 Orphan School Amendment Act, H Robbery and Stealing from Person Act, 15 Wreck- Act, 16 Admission to Practice in Supreme Court Act, 17 Witnesses at Inquest Act, 18 Light House Act, 19 Colonial Treasurer's Act, 20 Amendment Letters, of Denization Act, 21 New Norfolk Water Act, 22 Registrar's Indemnity Act, 23 Crown Leasing Act, S4 Quarantine Act. His Excellency then read a minute on the College question, arid laid upon the Table the correspondence with the Secretary of State in reference to the nomination of a Head Master, und Mr. Ciell's report,"which were read liv the Clerk of the Council. fWe shall insert his' Excellency's minute in our next]. In inserting the Roman Catholic Petition which has been printed by order of the Council, we shall only express our unfeigned sorrow that the enemies of the Catholic Church should have been furnished with such a document. We deplore it as an unspeakable misfortune:— To His Excellency Sir John Franklin, Kniglit Commander of the Rami Hanoverian Guelphic Order, Knight of the Greek Order of the Redeemer, and a Captain in Her Majesty's Roya Navil, Lieuteiuint-Gaveanor of the Island of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies, and to the Honourable the Legislative Council of the said Jsfond, in Council assembled. The Petition of tlie Free Catholic Inhabitants of Van Piemen's Laud and its Dependencies. REsmcTrVT.TA Sur.wr/m :— That your Petitiunershave heard, with the deepest alarm and astonishment, that it has been proposed by her Majesty's Colonial Government, to found ah Institution, avowedly for the liberal and scientific education of all religious denominations, but njwit such a principle as will, in fact, exclude your Petitioners from its benefits. That tlie astonishment so naturally excited is far from being' alleviated hv the circumstance, that, in the Minute which recommended it for adoption by this Honourable Council, your Excellency has expressly aflirined the justice of directing such a measure with a scrupulous regard for the rights of all classes. That the plan proposed to, and approved by, your Excellency disclaims the imposition of religious tests previously to admission into the proposed School or College ; but, at the same time, refuses to recognize the peculiar opinions of any students after having been so admitted; and claims, in express terms, aright to subject them to a religious conformity, vol io be acceded to on the part of Catholics at least, without a violation of conscience degrading to the conformist, and scandalous to his more faithful brethren That your Petitioners, believing the Word of Cod to consist of the Unwritten as well as the Written Word, cannot agree that the whole Word is to he found even in their own Canon of Scripture, although far more ample than that received among Protestants. That your Petitioners moreover are, by their religious principles, bound io regard the Protestant Bible as an evident mutilation of the Word of God—not only because its supporters have ever upheld ii in express opposition to the l/nwritteii Traditions of ihe Holy Catholic and Apostolic Hainan Church, but also because it is an imperfect version of even the Written fiord ; many books, or tragmeuts of books, of equal autlien. ticity and inspiration with those it has professed to retain, having been altogether discarded as spurious or apocryphal. That, besides these general objections to the Pro. testant Canon of Scripture, your Petitioners enter, taili other and especial objections to the English version ofthatCanon, commonly called King James's Version ; tlie Translators having, in the judgment of tlie Church of Rome, purposely misconstrued some portions of the original text before them, and corrupted its meaning into a conformity with their own polemical opinions. That the Protestant versions of Scripture have been condemned by that Autiiority in Spirituals to which Catholics are on earth directly amenable, and their •use forbidden under heavy Ecclesiastical censures. That your Petitioners regard the proposed stipu lation of attendance at College Prayers with equal dislike, as amounting to a practical exclusion of all such Catholics as are not disposed to barter conscience for the smiles of Local A uthority ; it being their unvarying practice to render faithful obedience to those decrees of Councils and Pontiff's, which have for ages forbidden Catholics, under any pretext, to associate themselves to Protestant Prayer Meetings or in unu ii ay whatever to hold Spiritual Communion with any but Members of the Catholic Church. That your Petitioners, moreover, deprecate all in terference with ihe Religious Instruction of Catholic children resorting to the proposed College or School being bound, as Catholics, emphatically to disclaim as impious and presumptuous any refinement in matters of Faith pretending to distinguish among Articles of Revelation, by styling some essential or Fundamental, and others Non-essential Articles because, in tlie judgment of a Catholic Christian nil Articles of Faith, once received as such, are equally important, equally essential, before Him who revealed them. That your Petitioners, although Catholics, arej clothed in all respects with the same common-law 1 Q rights and privileges as their Protestant Fellow-J Colonists; £d emphatically denounte, as unconstitutiotuil, this attempt to favour, in the name of Justice - and Liberality,aportumof the community at the expense of your Petitioners. That your Petitioners protest against any appropriation of die Public monies^ of the State to any other than truly Public purposes; and they deny the right of any authority now existing in this Colony to call upon your Petitioners to defray any part of the expenses already incurred, or which may be incurred during the current year, in maintaining an Institution which they cannot but regard as purely and exclusively fitted for the benefit of Protestants. That your Petitioners pray that your Excellency will be pleased to order that they may be heard' before your Excellency and this Honourable Council, in tlie course of this Session, by such Counsel as your Petitioners may be able to retain, for the purpose of more fully vindicating ihe claims which they have endeavoured to express by this Petition. And your Petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray, &c.; J. J. TjrEnitv, Vicar-General, —fnr and in behalf of the Catholics of Van Dieen's Land and its Dependencies. THE Cecilia has arrived at Launceston, from England, the 2nB May. Thus we have one week later intelligence, than that of the Asia, full details of which up to the 26th April, we have already furnished our eaders. Tlie Queen had returned from Windsor to London, and was in as excellent health as is usual with ladies in her interesting condition, and in the fullest enjoyment of every happiness and amusement, which the highest popularity could afford, in, next to Paris the most luxurious metropolis of the world. Parliament re-assembled on the 29th, but nothing of importance occurred. The fate of the ministry would, however, be sealed certainly on the 4th May, upon the third reading of Lord Stanley's Irish Regis tration Bill. If it is carried, the whigs, The Times asserts, must go out. Mr 0'Connelly seeing that the bill will sweep away one half his present constituency of Ireland lias been occupied during the recess in organizing a fresh agitation, and fully has lie succeeded. He has fulminated censures upon all the Irish popular members who absented themselves on the recent ministerial defeats, and called on them to justify themselves So great was his power, that they did so by published letters in which they j excuse themselves for the past, and promise good behaviour for the future. Mr. O'Connell is certainly the main stay of the Melbourne ministry. Mr. F. O'Connor was brought up for judgment for the North Star seditious libel on the 29th April. He was very unwell, and Lord Denman postponed it to the 4th May. The Duke of Cleveland and several other aged men of importance were so seriously indisposed, as that their recovery was doubtful. The lady of tlie Earl Burlington (heir to the Dukedom of Devonshire) daughter of the Earl Carlisle, sister of the Duchess of Sutherland, and of Lord Morpeth, died on the 27th April, aged 28\. The Irish Earl Ranfurly died on the 26th, aged 86. Lord Gillamore (Chief Baron O'Grady) died on the 25th. Either Mr. Vernon Smith, or Mr. C. Buller, is expected to succeed Mr. Druminond as Under-Secretary for Ireland. The election committee for Cambridge have ousted Mr. Manners Sutton, and rendered him incapable of sitting in the present Parliament by resolving that he was guilty of bribery and corruption. His chief agent a person named Long has absconded—this is a heavy blow to the tories. Anti-opium war meetings, have been held all over England, very strong resolutions have passed, of course too late, for the smuggling protection blow will have been struck long before. Several Irish members have addressed their constituents to say that if Lord Stanley's Bill passes, they will retire from Parliament. Mr. Grattan's address is very bold. He tells the electors of Meath, that he shall retire from Parliamentary discussion to organize one of a different sort. The postage penny stamps commence on the 6th May. We have much pleasure in staling, that Captain Harrison, brother of our esteemed friend of the Hampshire Telegraph, is appointed to the Magicienne frigate ordered to tlie China station, via New Zealand, so that, that fine ship will most probably visit this port. Alderman Harmer has withdrawn from the Roll of Attoraies, previous to his inauguration as Lord Mayor. One of the most interesting histories of the events of the last fifty years, is the autobiographic Diary of that great and good man, Sir Samuel Ronilly, which has been just published by his son, we shall extract from it. Lady Louisa Cadogan, a " spinster" of S3, lister p ^ £arj Cadogail. and of the divorced T •, ^ 9 ' „r ™fe ° f L ° rd Cpwley, now March QneSS of Anglesea, has entered into the Holy estate, with Dr. Marsh, Chaplain to the venerable Marquess Wellesley. Lovett and Collins, the " seditious," have received free pardons, and it said that the motion of Sir Frederick Pollock for a similar exercise of the Royal prerogative, in favor of Mr. Frost and his fellow sufferers, will be rendered unnecessary by the announcement, that it has been transmitted here. The Duke De Nemours,, second son of Louis Phillipe, was married at St. Cloud, on the 28th April, to a Princess of Coburg Saalfield, cousin of Queen Victoria. The Duke of Devonshire was sent by the Queen to be present on hej part. Lieutenant Colonel Prince George of Cambridge, is doing duty in Dublin Garrison with his regiment, the 12th Lau- Mr. Scarlett, son of Lord Abinger, is tlie new master of the Court of Exchequer. The limes of the 29th April, contains an interesting correspondence between Lord John Russell and the Treasury, in which it is decided, that the salaries of the new emigration and land commissioners, and the tvhole expense of the board, shall be defrayed by these Colonies!!! A great meeting took place in Dublin, on the 27th in consequence of Lord Stanley's Registra tion Bill. Several strong resolutions were agreed to, one declared that " any Irishman who remained passive on this great occasion, was a traitor to his country;" another, " that the only means of obtaining justice for Ireland, is the restoration of its plundered Parliament." Incendiarism to a great extent has taken place in several of the Agricultural districts. In addition to the ships ou the passage to this Port, announced in our last are, the Adventuic, Captain Cumberland, the Hindoo, Captain Van Zulicom, and the Janet Willis, Captain Willis. Another action at law against Messrs. Hansard, printers to the House of Commons, by Mr. Stockdale, was quashed in the Court of Queen's Bench, by the production of the Speakers certificate under the new Act. Lord Stair died at Paris, on the 26th April. He is succeeded by his cousin Lieutenant-General Sir John Dal rymple, who married a sister of Lord Camperdown (Duncan). The late Lord Stair, resided abroad many years in consequence of threatened proceedings against him, arising from his having contracted an engagement in 1804, when a Captain in 2nd Drag. Gds. with Miss J. Gordon, sister of Lady John stone, which, after his marriage with Lady Laura Manners, sister of the Duchess of St Albans, and the Countess of Fife, having been declared to have been a legal marriage and a well known case, (brought by the late Sir Samuel Ronilly before Parliament) which, with beyond all comparison in- finitely less grounds for such a decision having been taken advantage of, althougl; both the parties concerned, expressed their abhorhence. of the proceeding, avowedly to effect a desired political purpose, was attended with very serious consequences, Lord Stair, as we have said, left Eugland immediately after that decision in 1815, and resided to his death in the continent, although the alleged marriage with Miss Gordon, was, after a suit of several years continuance in the Ecclesiastical Court, declared void in 1826. A similar suit in the other case is yet undecided, although it will probably not much longer so be. In Foreign affairs, the Sicilian sulphur dispute is left to tlie mediation of the Citizen King of France, but not until a revolutionary movement had taken place in Sicily, at the head of which was the Prince of Cafica. The proclamations of the insurgents breathe the spirit of 1789, and have sadly alarmed " the holy alliance." The Schah of Persia was marching at the head of a large army upon Bagdad, and an overwhelming Russian force had entered Circassia, to effect the conquest of Shiva, and the permanent possession of the Southern banks of the Caspian. The intelligence from America is up to the 12tli of April. Colonel Cubitt, of the R. A., died on the 2d, of fever, at Montreal. Sir A. M'Nab was said to be dangerously ill. Tlie military preparations in Canada, in contemplation of a war with the United States, were of the most extensive nature. Tlie dispute became daily less likely o^f amicable adjustment, and war was considered in America to be inevitable. We shall give extracts in our next. Sir John Campbell was involved in a serious quarrel witli the House of Representatives; of Nova Scotia, who had passed resolutions,, demanding the abolition of the Executive Council 1 . Sir Colinf Campbell temporized, throwing himself upon the old recourse, reference " home." The house replied by petitioning the Queen for redress of grievances, stating that the Lieutenant Governor's conduct withered all their hopes" Details of every subject next week. CONSOLS, May 2d, 90J. 