PERSONAL .ADVENTURES OF MASTER HUMPHREY. THE OLD CCEIOSITY SHOP. NIGHT is generally my time for walking. In the summer I often leave home early ia the morning, and roam about -fields and lanes all day, or even escape for days or weeks together, ; but saving in the country I seldom go out until after dark, though, Heaven be thanked, I love its light, and feel the cheetfulness it sheds upon the earth, as much as any creature living.^ I have fallen insensibly into this habit, 'both because it favors my infirmity, and because it | affords me greater opportunity of speculating on the characters and occupations of those who fill the streets. The glare and hurry of broad noon are not adapted to idle pursuits like mine; a glimpse of passing faces caught by the light of a street lamp or a shop window, is often better for my purpose than their full revelation in the daylight; and, if I must add the truth, night is kinder in this respect than the day, which too often destroys an air-buill castle at the moment of its completion, without the smallest ceremony or remorse. j That constant pacing to and fro, that never- ! •ending Testlessness, that incessant tread of feet - wearing the rough stones smooth and glossy— i Is it nbt a wonder how the dwellers in narrow ways can bear it! Think of a sick man in such• a place as St Martin's Court, listening to the j footsteps, and, in the midst of pain and weari- j ness,-obliged, despite himself (as though it were < a task he bad to perform), to detect the child's step from the man's, the slipshod beggar from the booted exquisite, the lounging from the! busy, the dull heel of the sauntering outcast from the quick tread of an expectant pleasureseeker—think of the hum and noise being always present to his senses, and of the stream of life that will not stop, pouring on, on, on, through all his restless dreams, as if he were condemned to lie dead, but conscious, in a noisy churchyard, and had no hope of rest for centuries to come. Then the crowds for ever passing and repassing on the bridges (on those which are free from toll, at least), where many stop on fine evenings, looking listlessly down upon the water with some vague idea that, by and by, it runs between green banks which grow wider and wider, until at last it joins the broad vast sea—where some halt to rest from heavy loads, and think, as they look over the parapet, that vto smoke and lounge away one's life, and lie sleeping in the sun upon a tarpaulin, in a dull, slow, sluggish barge, must be happiness unalloyed—and where some, and a very different .-class, pause with heavier loads than they, remembering to have heard or read in some old time, that drowning was not a hard death, but, of means of suicide, the easiest and best. Oovtent Garden Market at suurise, too, in the spring or summer, whea the fragrance of sweet flowers is in the air, overpowering even the unwholesome steams of last sight's debauchery, and driving the dusky thrush, whose cage has hung outside a garret window all night long, balf mad with joy! Poor bird! the only neighbouring thing at all akin to the other little •captives, isomeof whom, shrinking from the hot hands of drunken purchasers, lie drooping on the path already; while others, soddened by •close contact, await the time when they shall Jbe watered .and freshened up to please .more sober company, and make old .clerks who pass •them on their road to .business, wonder what ihas filled their, breasts with visions of the countiy. But my present purpose is not to expatiate .upon my walks. An adventure which I am .about to Telate, and to which I shall recur at .intervals, arose out of these rambles, and thus I have been led to -speak of them by way of preface.". One night I had roamed into the city, and was walking 6lowly on in my usual way, musing upon a great manythings, when I was arrested by an inquiry, -the purport of' which: did not reach me, but which seemed to be addressedto anyself, and was preferred in a soft sweet yoicS Ahat struqk me yeiy pleasantly. I turned hastig round, and found at my «lbow a pretty lituegjsrl, who, begged tp be directed to a certain ffreet at a. considerable distance, and; indeed, in another quarter of the town. " Itisaverylong Way .from bere," said • I* ''my child.?' •• I know that, sir," t$e repjied timidly. " I am afraid if is a long' way* foir-i came from there to-night." f • y ; \- ^Alone?" said I,in somfe surprise. "Ob yes, I don't mind that; but I am a little frightened now, for I had lost my road." ; And what made you ask it of me ? Suppose I should tell you wrong." . ; " I am sure you would not do that," said the Kttle creature, " you are sucha very old gentlettiab, and walk so alow yourself." I cannot describe how much I was impressed by. this appeal and the energy : with which it was made,, which brought a tear into the child's clear eye* and made her slight figurie tremble as she looked up in to my face. " Come," said 1, " I'll take you there." She put her hand in mine as confidingly as if she had known me from her cradle; and we trudged away together; the little creature accommodating . her pace to- mine, and rather seeming to lead and take care of me than 1 to be protecting her. I observed that every now and then she stole a curious look at my face as if to make quite sure that I was not deceiving her, and that these glances (very sharp and keen they were too) seemed to increase her confidence at every repetition. For my part, my curiosity and interest were at least equal tp the child's, for child she certainly was, although I thought it probable, from what I could make out, that her very small and delicate frame imparled a peculiar youthfulness to her appearance. Though more scantily attired than she might have been, she was dressed with perfect neatness, and betrayed no marks of poverty or neglect. " Who has sent you so far by yourself?" said I. " Somebody who is very kind to me, sir." "And what have you been doing ?»' " That, I must not tell," said the child firmly. There was something in the manner of this reply which caused me to look at the little creature with an involuntary expression of surprise ; for I wondered what kind of errand it might be that occasioned her to be prepared for questioning. Her quick eye seemed to read my thoughts ; for as it met mine, she added that there was no harm in what she had been doing, buj; it was a great secret—a secret which she did not even know herself. This was said with no appearance of cunning or deceit, but with an unsuspicious frankness that bore the impress of truth. She walked on as before, growing more familiar with me as we proceeded, and talking cheerfully by the way; but she said no more about her home, beyond remarking that we were going quite a new road, and asking if it wete a short one. While we were thus engaged, I revolved in my mind a hundred different explanations of the riddle, and rejected them every one. I really felt ashamed to take advantage of the ingenuousness or grateful feeling of the child, for the purpose of gratifying my curiosity. I love these little people; and. it is not a slight thing when they, who are so fresh from God, love us. As I had felt pleased at first by ber confidence, I determined to deserve|it, and to do credit to the nature which had prompted her to repose it in me. There was no reason, however, why I should refrain from seeing the person who had inconsiderately sent her to so great a distance by night, and alone; and as it was not improbable 'that if she founfl herself near home, she might take farewell efsie, and deprive me of the opportunity, I avoidbd the most frequented ways and took the most intricate, and thus it was not until we arrived in the street itself, that she kne/r where we were. Clapping her hands with pleasure, and running on before me for a short distance, my little acquaintance stopped at a door; and remaining on the step till I came up, knocked at it when I joined her. A part of this door was of glass, unprotected by any shutter, which I did not observe at first; for all was very dark and silent within, and I was anxious (as indeed'the child was also) for an answer to our summons. When she had knocked twice or thrice, there was a noise as if some person were moving inside; and at length a faint light appeared through the glass, which, as it approached very slowly, the bearer having to make his way through a great many scattered articles, enabled me to see both what kind of person it was who advanced, and what kind of place it was through which he came. It was a little old man with grey hair, whose face and figure, as be held the light above his bead, and looked before him as he approached, I could plainly see. Though much altered by age, I fancied I could recognise in bis spare and slender form something of that delicate mould which 1 had noticed in the child. Their bright blue eyes were certainly alike; but his face was so deeply furrowed and so full of care, that here all resemblance ceased; The place through which he made his way at leisure, was one of those receptacles for old and curious things which seem to crouch in odd corners of this town, and to hide, their musty, treasures from . the public eye in jealousy and distrust. There were, suits of mail standing like ghosts in armour, here and there; fantastic carvings brought from monkish cloisters;. rusty weapons of various kinds; distorted figures in china,and wood, and iron, and ivory; tapestry and strange furniture that .might have been designed in dreams. Hie haggard aspect of the little old man was wonderfully Suited to the place: he might have groped among old churches, and tombs, and deserted houses, and gathered all the spoils with his own hands. There-was nothing-in the whole collection but was in keeping with himself; nothing that looked older or more worn than he. As he turned the key. in the lock, he surveyed me with some astonishment, which. was not diminished when he looked fromme to my companion. The door being opened, the child addressed him as grandfather, and told him the little story of our companionship. " Why bless thee, child," said the old man, patting her on the head, "how couldst thou miss thy way ? What if I bad lostthee, Nell! . "I would have found ngr way,baek : to you, grandfather," said the child; "never fear. • The old man kissed'hw^ -aiid then turning tomeand h^gii^a^^ jNilfc^^^Jaid • so. 'Itfe. 1 wiw M&jjie;&iW; 1 me-withaUgbti-beled^ place I i had already seen from wilhout, into a; small sitting siiuogjuviu room behind, ucinuu, in iu which nuicu was nds aiiuutt^door another opening into a kind of closet 4 ithero 1 saw>. little bed t ha ta fairy might have slept in, ?t looked so very small and so prettily arranged. The child took a candle and tripped into this little room, leaving, the old man and me together. • " You must be tired, sir," said he, as he placed a chair near the fire, " how can I thaiik 1 you?" , ' " -By taking more care of your grandchild another time, jny good friend/' I replied. " More care I" said, the old man in a sbril Toice, "more care of Nelly 1 why, whoever loved a child as I love Nell ?" • He fcaid this with such evident surprise that I was perplexed what answer to make, and thfc more so because coupled with something feeble and wandering in ills inanner. There were in -his face marks of deep and anxious thought, wbieh convinced me that ha copld not be,'as I was at first inclined to suppose, in a stateof dotage or imbecility. " I don't think you consider—" I began. "I don't consider!" cried the old man,-interrupting me, " I don't consider Her! Ah, how little you know of the truth. Little Nelly, little Nelly !" It would be impossible for any man, I care not what his form of speech might be, to express, more affection than the dealer in curiosities did, in thes3 four words. I waited for him to speak again, but he rested his chin upon his hand, and shaking his head twice or thrice, fixed his eyes upon the fire. Wi.ile we were sitting thus in silence, the door of the closet opened, and the child returned, her light brown hair hanging loose about her neck, and h.r face flushed with the haste she had made to rejoin us. She busied herself immediately in preparing supper, and while she was thus engaged, I remarked that the old man took an opportunity of observing me more closely than he had done yet. I was surprised to see that all this time everything was done by the child, and that there appeared to be no. other persons but ourselves in the bouse. I took advantage of a moment when she was absent to venture a bint on this point, to which the old man replied that there were few grown persons as trustworthy or as careful as she. " It always grieves me," I observed, reused by what I took to be his selfishness, " it always grieves me to observe'the initiation of children into the ways of life when they are scarcely more than infants. It checks their confidence and simplicity—two of the best qualities that heaven gives them—and demands that they share our sorrows before they are capable of entering into our enjoyments." " It will never check hers," said the old man, looking steadily at me, " the springs are too deep. Besides, the children of the poor know but few pleasures. Even the cheap delights of childhood must be bought and paid for." But—forgive me for saying this—you are surely not so very poor," said I. " She is not my child, sit," returned the old man. " Her mother was, and she was poor. I save nothing—not a penny—though I live as jou see, but"—he laid his hand upon my arm and leant,forward to whisper—"she shall be rich one of these days, and a fine lady. Don't you think ill of me becanse I use her help. She gives it cheerfully, as you see, and it would break her heart if she knew that I suffered anybody else to do for me what her little hands could undertake. I don't consider!"—he cried with sudden querulousness, " why, God knows that this one child is the thought and object of my life, and yet he never prospers me —no, never." At this juncture tho subject of our conversation again returned, and the old man motioning, me to approach the - table, broke off, and said do more. We had scarcely begun' our repast when there was a knock at the door by which I had entered, and Nell, bursting into a hearty langh which I was rejoiced to hear, for it was childlike and full of hilarity, said it was on doubt dear old Kit come back at last. " Foolish Nell 1" said the old man, fondling with her hair. " She always laughs at poor Kit." The child laughed 1 again'more heartily than before, and I could not help smiling, from pure sympathy. The old man took up a candle and went to open the door. When he came back, Kit was at his heels. Kit was a shock-headed; shambling, awkward lad, with an uncommonly wide mouth, very red cheeks, a turned-up nose, .and certainly the most comical expression of face I y ever saw. He stopped short at the door on seeing a stranger, twirled in his hand a perfectly rouad old hat without any vestige of a brim, and resting himself now on one leg and now on the other, and changing them con • stantly, stood in the doorway, looking into the parlour with the most extraordinary leer I ever beheld. I entertained a grateful feeling ^towards the boy from that minute,, for I felt that he wis the comedy of the child's life. " A long way, Wasn't it, Kit? said the little old man. " Why then, it was a goodish stretch, master," returned Kit. " Did you find the house easily ?" " Why then, not over and above easy, mas ter," said Kit. " Of course you have com« back hungry:?" "Why then, I do consider myself rather so, master," was the answer. The lad had a remarkable manner of standing sideways 'as he' spoke, arid thrusting; his head forward' over his shoulder, as if he cimld not get at his voice without itbat accompanying action. .1 think hewould have amuseqone anywhere,, hut' the child's exquisite enjoyment of his oddity, 'and the relief it was to findihat there, was something she associated yith merriment in a placetbat appeared so• unsrii&ad; to her/ yrete - quite' irresistible. It was a. great point'too that Sat himself was flatteredbjt the sensation ;h& preated.and ^Iter :seyeralcefforts to preserve his; gravity* buirst into a loud ^oar, and^so 8topd, wi^i his mouth Swide open] and m t c f abstraction, and took no notice of what paised, ^i^^EDU'l^d that when herllangb vras over, the child's bright eyes were dimmed with tears taueu galled lunu forth oy fneiuuuKa ui juw' j •• di? wdcomed her u&cputh; faTonrite little anxieiy of the nighfc _ Asfor Kit himself, (whose laugh had been all the time one of that sort * hi eh very little wouldcbange iutoa cry), he carried a large slice .qf .bread and meat and a mug-of beer into a corner, and applied him self to dispose of them with great voracity. " Ah !" said the old mai;, turning to me frith a sigh, as if I had spoken to him hut that moment, " you don't -know what- you «ay when yon tell me that I don't considbr her." " You. must not attach too great, weight to a remark founded on first appearances, my friend," said I. "No," returned the oldman, thoughtfully, Gome hither, Nell.". Ihe little. girl ha§tened; from her seat, and put her arm about hisi iieck. Do I love thee, Nell 1* said he. " Saydo I love thee, Nell, or no ?" The child only answered by her caresses, and laid her head uponiiis breast. " Why dost thou sob," said the grandfather, pressing her closer to him, : and . glancing towards me. '' Is it^ because thnu knowest I love thee, and dost- not like that I should seem to doubt it by iny question?-" Well, well— then, let us say I Idve thee dearly." " Indeed,_indeedj£on do, " replied the child with great earnestness," Kit knows you do." Kit, who in despatching his bread and meat had been swallowing two-thirds of his knife at every mouthful, with the coolness of a juggler, stopped short in his operations on being thus appealed to, and bawled " Nobody is>'nt such a fool as say he doos'nt!'; after which he incapacitated himself for further conyersatiun by taking a most prodigious, sandwich at one bite. " She is - poor now," said the old man, pat-, ting the child's' cheek, " but I say again that the time is coming when she shall be rich. It has been a long time coming, but it must come at last! a very long time, but it surely must come. It has come to other men who do nothing but waste and riot. When will it come to me ?" " I am very happy as I am, grandfather," said the child. " Tush, tush!" returned the old man, "thou dost not know—how shoulds't thou!" Then he muttered again between his. teeth, The time must come, I am very sure it must.,, It will be all the better for coming late ;" and ' then he sighed and fell into his former musing state, and still holding the "child between bis knees, appeared to be insensible to everything around bim. By this time it wanted but a few minutes of midnight, and I rose to go, which recalled him to himself. One moment, sir," he said. " Now Kit —near midnight, boy, and you still here!. Get home, get home, and be true to your time in the morning, for there's work to do: - Good night! There, bid him good night, Nellj and' let him be gone 1" Good night, Kit/' said thte child, her «yes lighting up with merriment and kindness. " Goodnight, Miss Nell," returned the boy. "And thank this gentleman,"' interposed the old man, " but for "whose care I might have lest my little girl to-night." No, no, master," said Kit, "that won't do, that won't." " What do you mean?" cried the old man. I'd have found her, master," said Kit, "I'd have found her. I'd bet that l'd find her if she was above ground, I would, as quick as any-, body, master. Ila ha ha!" Once more opening his mouth and shutting his eyes, and laughing like a stentor, Kit gradually backed to the door, and roared himself out. ^ Free of the room, the boy was not slow in taking his departure. When he had gone, and the child was occupied in clearing the table, the old man said— I haven't seemed to thank you, sir, enough for what you ^ have done .to-night; but I do thanfc you humbly and heartily, and so does she; and her thanks are better worth than, mine. I should be sorry that yop went away and thought I was unmindful of your goodness or careless of her—I am not, indeed." ' I was sure of that, I said, from' what I had seen. " But," I added, " may I ask you a question?'* Ay sir," replied the old man," wbat is it?" Tills delicate child," said I, • " with . so uch beauty and intelligence—has she nobody, o take care of her but you; has she no other ompanion or adviser ?" No," he returned, looking anxiously in my ace, " no, and she wants no other." But; are you not fearful," said I, " that: ou .may misunderstand a charge so tender ?: I am sure .you mean well, but are you quite certain that you know haw to execute such a^ trust as this? I am an old man, like you, and 1 1 am actuated by an old man's-concern in all that is young and promising: Do you notthink that what I have seen of you and this, little creature to-nighfc liiust bave an interest not wholly free f rom pain ? '* ' " Sir," rejoined the old man after a moment's silence, " I have no right to feel hurt, at what you say. - It. is true that in many respects I am . the child, and she the grown person—that you have seen already. But waking or sleeps ing, by night or day, in sickness or health, she Is the one object of my care, and if you " knew of how much care, you would look on me with different eyes, you would irdeed. : Ahl it's a weary life for an old mas—a weary, weary, life—but there is a great end to gain, and that I keep before me." . Seeing that he was in a state ,of excitement and impatience, I turned to put on an outer coat which I had thrown off on entering die room, purposing io sty no/more; I was surprised to cee the cbild standing patiently by with a cloak upon her arm, 'and in her hand, a hat and stick; • • . • ^ "Those are not not mine,-my dear," said I: "No," returned the child quietly, "they are "Oh yes he is,"'saidthp ciiild^with a smiles " And what bccomes of you, aay.pretty me?" **Me! I stay here of couree. I always do/', I looked in' astonishment towards thetold man, but he Was,' or feigned^ be, busied'in th6 arrangement of his dress. From him I looked hack to the sligbt gentle figure of the child. Alone 1 In that gloomy place all,the Iqpj*: dreaiy pight • She.jevincefl no but " chrerfnllrhelped We cloak, and when-hpready took a candW io Lijght,«s put, * Findingt^t wcjlid **okt follow as she expected, shfilooked W k xritbAfiQjile and waited for us: . Tb^ «ldanaQ^sh(mQd by : ius&c;^ that he plainly .understo^the eause of an inclination of tbe'^^^^p^^ut of room before him, apd ^m^ed. fiUei).^ I had no resouree but ,to<cpmply. . , When wereachedHthe doOr, the cbild^aet ting down the candle, turned to -say gbod>Bight,and raised her head to kiss -me. Then she ran to the old^man, wbo foldM her in bto&m; and bade<3od4)tes her. » : : "Sleep soundly, Nell," he'said in alow toice, " and angels . guar44hy hed. Do not forget/thy prayers, my sweet,". " " No r indeed,"answeredthechild fervently, " tliey fliake.me feel so happy:!" " " That's weU ; I kno^v they,do; they-should" said the old man. "Bless thee a hpftdred times. . E^lyjq theiQOrniiig ^ shall be h^ne." " You'tf aot jing twice," returned ibft child. " The beH wakesme, even m the roiddle t«f a' dream." . W^h tbis tbey sepefatjed.. Th6,c^Hd opened the door (now guarded by a ihutter wbiplf I had heard- the boy put up before he Jeft the' house),. and with another farewell, whose clear, and tender pote I have, rolled a ih&tisand;' times, held it until ws hacf;pass6d! dijt-. The old man paused a .moment;while it was. g^n|tly closed and fastened on .the inside,; and satisfied tha^ this was done, walked on at % Shw piice. At the street- corner be stopped, and r^g^rding me with a troubled, coubte.nanqe, said tba.t r our, jtifjik were .^^..diff^^i^^.^iU^j^^ talfiB his feave., I ipoald spskeQ^hiiib' summoning up more alacrity than might have been ejected, in one of hii3'appearance, he hurried awayl I could see that twice or ihrice hp looked, back, as if to ascertain if I were still watching him, or perhaps to assure himself that I was not Foliowiag at a distance. The obscurity of the night favoured his disappearance, andjiis figure yc^ sQon beyond my sight. I remained ^standing on . tbe. -spot v where : he had left me, unwillipg to depart, and: yet anknowipg why I should loiter there. I looked wistfully into die street we hajd lately qpitj^d, ind after a time., directed my steps that way. I passed and repassed thehouse r and stopped and listeii^d at the door ; ^tt.wasdar^ and silent as the j^-ave.. Yet I lingered about, and;, could rnot tear myself away, thinking of=all possible harra that might happen to the «bild—of fires -and^^bberies'and even murder—and feelingias.if some evil must ensue If I turned fflj hack! ujpqn tho place. The closing:ofa door or window' in the street brought me "before the curiositydealer*8 once more; 1 crossed the road J and looked up at the house to assure mysdf that the noise had not come j^om there, No, it was black, cold, and lifeless as before'.' Hiere were few^passengen jwUr '.street was sad and dismal, apd pr§tty.vDett^ijrl i>wn. A few stra£^lers fi»m ' and now and then I turned.aside to avoid some noisy drunkard as he reded homewards^ but these interruptions^ were not frequent, and -soon ceased. The clocks struck one. Still I paced up and down, promising myself that every time should be the last, and breaking faith.oa some new plea as often as I did-«o. The more I thought of what thp old man had said, and his look^ and. rbeariBgi the |ess I could account for wbat I had seen: and heard. I had a stropg misgiving that his nightly-absence was for no good purpose. I had only come-to know the fact through .tbe, ipnQc.ence of the child ; and though the old man was by at the time and saw my^ undisguised surprise, he had preserved a strange mystery nppn the subject, iand, offered no. word of explanation. These; reflections naturally .recalled agahnnore strongly than ^fore/his haggardftfcei ; his wandering'manner, hik'restless anxious Ipoks^. His affection for the child migbUiot be ipcowi^tent with yillany of ihe iworsfekind ; wepsitha^isyery affection was in itself an extraocdinMyiContradiction, or how could he leave her thus ? Dis- jrased^asifswii^i^kibad^f'^ni, I never doubted that his. love for her was real.:: I.could bbt : admit'this thought, remembering -trha^had passed : betweeh us, and the tone.of ryoicp ia which he ^d ealledher by her jiamei , - M StayheFe, of course^" fhe chfldhad said in in answer to-my <;uestion-; *'l always do!" What could take him from homehy nighty:and every night r 'I called up rklji/the jstra^e|ales I had ever heard ofdark and secret d^dscomnwtted in.great .towns, and- escaping detection for a long series of years. -Wild as>niaoy of these stories-were, I could not fiod one adapted to this mystery,-which only became ihe^nora impenetrable in proportion as- I sought to solve -it" . : ' . ' Occupied withsuch tbc®ghtsy«»>'these, and a crowdLof others all tendiogtolhe Jaae point, I"continti6d to pace the rtreet for two long hours; at length the rain began to descend heavily, and then overpowered by fatigue, lhoogh no less interested than I had b?en at' first, I Engag ed the nearest coach and so got home. A -cheerful fire waa blazing on- the ^ hearth, the lamp burnt brightly,, my dock received me with its old familiar'welcome; everything was q6iet, warm, and chepring, and in happy ctmtrast to the gloom and darkness I had* quitted. . But all thatxrifi it, waking or . in my sleep,. the same thous ,ts recuired and- the rsame: ession oftny brain. I bad old^ark murkyw>«tB»*-the gaunt suits of. mail with tl^eir^iostly *Hent; air—the feees -#11 awry, ginning „fiom frood and stone—the dust and, rast jand worm, that lives in wood—and alone in the midst of all this lumber and decay and ugly age, the beiiitiful chSlfl In hier genfle slrtniber, smiling throngh'her light and suhny dreams. ' ADELAIDE Britted and fubmbedfor I ' tyltfrm -i Hindley>«tieet,^w)iere"a8 theEd MrTlatts, GiQes^icade; Mt AbbMt; North Adelaiae. ' MrS. ROwipe^ffin^piOTh,. ^ >, Mr Duncan, Vm AOrialdc. , 