Church and King Treason. (From the Morning Chronicle 6th November.) t The Tories have been forced to make a virtue of Secesity by admitting through their organs of the prs-s, that the treason spoken at Canterbury to a congenial audience is cherished by the pat ty. A sort of attempt, indeed, has, at the twelfth hour, been m".de to question the accuracy of the report in the Kentish Gazette; but the attempt is not made by fMr. Bradshaw, for reasons well known to that gentleman : and the report not having been questioned by him and only ques tioned by others on the eve of this meeting, it must be deemed a genuine record of Tory senti ments. This point was satisfactorily established by Alderman Brent, at whose hands Mr. Brad shaw, and the other partisans of the King of Hanover, received a full measure of justice. " We all know now," saiS Lord Albert Conyng ham, " what Tory tactics aim at; but as long as there is a drop of blood in our veins, or a spark of life in our bodies, they shall never accomplish their object." The expression of this sentiment was responded to by loud cheering ; and the people of England will teach the Tories, if they presume to in.ult the Queen in the style which has been but too fashionable with them of late, that they have roused a aleeping lion. Gosd God ! what infatuation I to force our young and -virtuous Sovereign to abdicate to make way fmr the monster who now fills the Continent with his misd-eds who is all buc detested by the very Sovereigns who protect him against his outraged subjects ! Why, the very appearance of old Cumberland among us would be the signal for such an exl.res slon of execration as would drive him with terror from our shores. They cannot assail the Queen without, at the seaes time, presenting the King of Hanover before the public: for the abdication of Queen Victoria must lead to a struggle for King Ernest. Sir William Somerville analyzed Mr. Brad shaw's speech in a masterly style. "The minister," said Sir William, "is said by Mr Br: dshaw, to govern by yielding to "the follies and caprices of the Queen." What are "the fol lies and coprices" oqf her ajrsty Queen Victoria? Why, the manner in which she has discharged the duties of her lofty station since she ascended the throne hat drawn-the wonder and admiration of the world [loud and enthusiastic cheering]. I do say that it is matter of astonishment that one so young and inexperienced should have ful. filled the duties which devolved upon her in a manner which would have done credit to a Monarch who had held the seceptre for years, and grown old in the possession of the throne [cheers]. And this is the Sovereign denounced "as the boon companion of her Minister. whom he governs by yielding to her follies and caprices." "Gen tlemen, I do not wonder that you assembled here at once-that you lost no time in expressing your indignation at such monstrous charges." Sir William may safely commit the issue between the Tories and her Majesty to an indignant coun try. The people are not so debased as the Brad shaws, the Robys, and other foul-mouthed revilers of the Queen conceive them to be. If Officers wearinghercommission baselylisten tofoul calum nies against their Sovereign, the people will rally round her, and punish her Tory Calumniators. Canterbury, on this occasion, is a sample of England. The men of Canterbury have done their duty. We this day lay before our readers a full report of the proceedings at the very important. meeting yesterday in the Guildhall of the metropolitan city. Our reporters state, that the treasonable language uttered by Mr. Bradshaw has excited the strongest feeling of indignation among all c'asses but the more shameless partisans of the Tories; and it appears that the Guildhall was completely filled in a few minutes after it was opened., No sane person can suppose that, however much the treasonable language or Mr. Bradshaw might accord with the feelings of his Tory and clerical audience, it is not inconvenient to the party that their objects should be brought so prominently before the public. They know that Englishmen are not so lost to manly feeling and honesty as to abet their hostility to our young and virtuous Sovereign; and that the avowal by Mr. Bradshaw of a foregone conclusion to make her either a slave of the Tories, or to hurl her from the throne, to make way for the Duke of CUMBnsLAND, would fill them with abhorrence. The worst of the matter was, that Mr. Bradshal did not stand alone.; for the tremendous applause he received from a large audiende, by courts' termed respectable, identified him with the clerg. and gentry of the city and neighbourhood; ant hence the following are the resolutions passed s.t the meeting of the Queen's loyal subjects of Can terbury condemnatory of the treason of the Clerg' and Gentryof the Tory Church.and-King Faction " That the speech lately delivered by Mr. Bradshaw, and reported in the Kesstish Gazette, of thse 29th ultimo,.Is of a highly dangerous and seditious character, and if acted upon would tend to the subversion of the throne, now happily esta. blished on the liberties of the people. " " That the sentiments contained in that speech being received by a large body of the cle.gy, who a tendea the dinner, clearly shows that however staunch may be their loyalty when they are the sole objects of royal favour, they are too apt to sound the tocsin of resistance, and to clamour for an exclusive government, when the full benefits of religious freedom and general education are at. tempted to be extended to all her Majesty's subject.." '" That we solemnly protest against lauguage ad. dressed to our fellow-citizens in Ireland, denounc ing them as aliens in bl,,od, language and reli gion, believing that the tendency of such expres sions must be to intiame their minds, and bring about a crisis at which all good men would shud der. " " That the inhuman and mocking allusion to the serious malady of a political opponent, on the part of Dr. Russell, can excite nothing bur unmitigated disgust among Christians and right feeling men ofall parties, andthat such coarseness stands out in rude contrast with the divine pre cepts of our Heavenly Master. " "' We, the mayor, burgesses, and inhabitants of the city of Canterbury, highly -disapproving of the intolerant and disloyal language which has re cently been addressed to an assembly of persons in this city, calling themselves Conservatives, and which found a ready odho among the persons ad dressed, approach your Majesty with the dutiful assurance tlhat our attachment to your royal per son is undimisnilshed, and our confidence in your Maijesty's wisdom is strengthened by witnessing, in your Majesty's acts, that the welfare and hap piness of your people is your Majesty's h ghost delight. " We see with deep regret that clergymen of the established church should, by their presence and acquiesence in the sentiments expressed on the above occasion, give countenance to such a miser able display of the ravings of a disappointed fac. tion-a display contemptible, although rancorous; impotent, but intended to diminish the respect due to your Majesty, or to drive your Majesty into such a course of government as would promote the benefit alone of a section, and not the good of the whole community. " That when such a term as alien in blood, language, and religion, is deliberately applied to a large portion of your Majesty's Irish subjects, and made use of in an assembly supposed to pos sess some influence in this country, meeting with no rebuke from any person present, we dread the consequences which may result from the use of such flagrant and libellous language towards a loyal portion of our fellow-citizens, its tendency being to inflame their minds with feelings of hostility, and to bring about a crisis at which all good men would shudder. We think it due to the credit of our ancient city humbly to address your Majesty, and to ex press our loyalty and our firm determination to support your Majesty in all acts of your Majesty's government which tend to promote the prosperity. mental improvement, and consequent happiness of all your Majesty's subjects. 