The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new Protestant Church took place on Wednesday last. The piece of ground which has been granted to St. Lawrence's parish by government for this purpose lies at the corner of' George and Pitt Streets. At 11 o'clock, morning ser vice was celebrated at Mr. Hughes's Brewery; immediately after the comple tion of which, Bishop Broughton departed in his carriage with his family and the few respectable parties who were present. This seemed to give much disappoint ment as a programme of a grand procession, containing the names of the " clergy," " the High Sheriff,"' " the Peace Officers," "the Right Reverend Father in God William Grant Lord Bishop of the Diocese, &c.; &c.;" had been publish ed. (The scrupulous "Gazette" has en deavoured to palm the printed bill upon its readers the veritable "order of the procession."] The rest of the con gregation remained for upwards of half an-hour scorching in the sun, with out the door of the brewery. At length, a sort of procession was formed, composed principally of the members of St. Lawrence's Sunday School, with the officers connected with the church. When this sort of procession arrived at the ground, a number of individuals of every description were congregated on the spot, attracted by the novelty of the occasion. The Bishop, after some time, made his appearance from the parsonage house, and with the usual formalities proceeded to lay the stone of the church, using the following words.-" I lay this as the foundation stone of a church to be built in this place, and named Christ Church, to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith ; [Dr. Polding will thank his brother for founding a church for this right Catholic purpose], which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, anid of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Bishop, after this, proceeded to address the assemblage, on the 'overwhelming power of the Pro testant Church. in this colony, on the number of churches which we're daily springing up around him, on the zeal dis played by some, although few, indivi duals, in the erection of the present edifice, he hoped, before long, to see the emblem of the Sovereign, Lord raised high on the present edifice by means of the zeal and endeavours of the members of the community who have already taken so active a part in the matter; and, he said, he took the blame to himself of having at first acted with any hesitation, in not throwing the affair into the hands of so zealous supporters. The meeting then dispersed.;--We were attracted to the ceremony, on account of the grand procession advertised, being fond of these "right Catholic" practices; we must confess, however, that we were disappointed to see the Bishop and his friends start off in their carriages, and leave the flock to find their way to the fold as they best might. We ought to state, however, that two or three of the officers bore white wands, and that the churchwardens have presented the clerk, Mr. Jones, with a new gown, which becomes him well, and is the first, we understand, worn by such an officer in the colony. TeMPERANCE M'AGAZINE.--V have always considered 'this as the-best con d"icted periodical in the colony, we are sorry thereforoe to say, that thore;is 'a decided. falling olf in the number for January. We ro0ao rornl its perusal comi plotely fatigued, and convinced that thero, is either a change of editor, or that the old editor has become a Methodist. We trust that Homer only slcbps, and that the number for Fobruaryfwill redeem its character and prove that we were ntis takeno , . Cutious NOTION OF AN OATII.-A Mrs:Ie t'3kley, of Kent-street;,'whilc ' unnlerldxamination as a witness before 'th? •,? uart\\. eSssions", on .dcnedslda, 'yinv. formed the court that her husband was up. the co6oitry. It was afterwards elicited, that lhe was confined in Sydney Gaol on a charge of horseostealing'; and the' wit ness, when tased---with._theb falsehood, excused -herself on the ground that she was sworn only to speak the truth in thlle matter on issue, but that to every ques tion irrelevant,to the case, she was at liberty' to give what reply she pleased. MARITIMR DIscovERY. - A sunken rock, not laid down in the charts of Bass's Straits, has. been discovered, by Captain Norman, of the,brig '-Jewess , of which the following ,is an .account :--- On :the 24th of Decenmber;passed through Bass's Straits, to tho,eastward of-Kent's Group, -with a coompletiedrift ofwind and a lieavy sea; .the.. chief oflicor on the" fore-yard looking out for the saunken rook as, laid, ido(tvn in thechiartaforosaid, sonic breakers, bearing from Craggy Island N ,by iW: half IV., distanco three miles; and two miles E. by:N. fro thbe 'sunkeno rook as above, latitude6 of tlhe brlak'ers. 390 '38, S. longitutloi147 . 37' . ' r:. MILITIARY INSOLEINCE.-~While walk ing' upý Brickfield-hill oni . Wednesday evening, -wo. witnosed with fooiings of .pain and indignation the insolen~t conduet of .d'aorporal andl iprivate of "ihe o0th Reginient, who:aftor an unm~anly insult on 'two, respecthable' and ldefoenobless fe-, males, iiiLdlged themselves in?b a torrent of: filthy abuse, and iwlkd: coolly off mutteiring m~engennce againstany consta ble? or othcr personr who 'shoilld? dare to' ithterfero, IFor the hlionour ofbthe iilitary character, ,we think 'that st?cl 'coniduct: should be puta stop:to Pi soNi n's, CouINsL. - We have be'onri 'riuesitedlb: MibiMr."Poole .Solicitor; to asggest t1e propriety of ha viagi an ulniformt, rulo established in oar Courts witihLi respectict i ttingitihilibinterfernche of Couhsol in cases of folony.; one of:the miagistrates nidmitting tile aid of profes. siorial.'glsttlemen in all cases, whilo others in sone' cases refuse it, . '' :.' THSATRICAL: IrNTrLLIGENc "- .On :Monday evening .inn interestiig Dramia, called,' the " Parole of Honor," was in. Stroduced and received with great applause by the audience. Miss IHattin, formerly of tlhe London and iYork Theatre, also made her debut, for the, first' time,'oi the Sydney boards, and danced a pas sauid witlh considerable effel?ot; CoitRoOnBORE.---Oppoite the' Club floniso, ibout half- past three, on .boxing morning, wore to be seen some of the Amenorican 'oicers,, daneoing .nnd'siaging rouind'a Captain' bof the R. n ., who was onooring the 'otllheras, in the most hiddous yelis'and grostiires, to thi 'woodmnan's ohorui.:: 'hoe"litloe Captain was peorbched in thi"e'oentrejof 'lthe 'Fonntain, in Benrit street, but looked as'if he had partaken of something mre than the simple bove. rageit containe d. 'rliE SiuNTIvIC CORPsl have located 'tholdslves nat the" Ailstralian Clubh aS their .'led Quarters'ra, previous to their 'diiparture to NJovi Zealand, whiuil wille in about thrao" Wceek s. Sojioe 'fthem have' goni:,to 'viie, 'parts of theo Colouy for sioeloitio purposes before leaving Sydnoy,' INFANT ScuoorL, PITT-STREET.-- We intended to be present at the Examination of this School last week, but were acci dentally prevented. We are, however, happy to state, upon the report of a very intelligent correspondent, that the exhi bition was of a most interesting doscrip tion. The infants gave examples of their initiation in Sacred History, Geography, Arithmetic, Music, &c.;, and those proe sent appeared astonished at the progress they had made. We hope Mr. Steol will continue to receive the enconrage isent he deserves. VERY REy.' MR.,THRRRY.--A meg nificent Tabernacle, the'workbf a: Colo nial artist, has been presented to S. uM ary'.Cathedranl by t hisorlthy glargy.2 man, and is now being erected' in its place. It is certainly a. most exqni site piece of workmanship, and its de sign, with' one .or two trilling defects which may be very easily iaremedied, is perfect.; Its proportions, both in "them solves and with respect to the Church,:aroe 'ad mirable.We .Vould howover suggest the propriety of removing the pinnacles which arise fronm the turrets of. theiroli quaries on" either side, and adding two smaller turrets in tbhei place. Thoroare two other` small pinnacles,; one on:each .side -of the. Cross,: wlifflI should be. removed. "With these few alterarions, the .work is admirable,. and. when the altar sJall-havo;.been completed,. and the magnifidont olrgan, now being, built,, by, Rovington, shall roar its majestic front in the opposite eondof bthe .building,, the in terior of S. Mary's,Caithedral will present an.appearaneo equalled, by few Churches indeed, withiin her :,Majesty's dominions. For the sake "of our country friends, we shall describe tlih Taberinaole more fully;, probably in our next. . , MAP OF .PORT PHILLP.--We have beenoo favoured with.a copy of a beautifully engraved Map of Port Phillip and the surrounding country,'drawn by Mr. WV. II. Wells, Land Surveyor, and published by Messrs. Tegg and Mollit. It includes plans of the towns of Melbourne and Geelong; divides the country into small andt equal seotions..and points out the jdiferent ~uoys, &c.; in the iontraunu t.. theb- artiour. W Wowould recommond all those interested (and who is not) in this branch of our colony, to avail themselves of the-very distinct knowledge of its looa lilies conveyed by this map. On 'Tuesday. night, a$ disturbance of rather a serious nature took place at., Mrs. Brown's, eating house, Castlereaghi street. The lchief constablo, who was mrosc'n't;<obtainiedtha assiataico of a iody ~of police to clear the liouse; swords were drawn by sotienaval 'olicers-adesperate resistance ensued, in whilhs one man, a constable named Dunn,, was stabbed' through ithe hand with a daggcr,and it was :with tlie.greatest ditiulty that ffive ndval oficers were lodged in the watch house (we undersiiaiad that--the?.man. who used isi dagger was-.one of those talken). A resistance to Ithe police was then 'at tempted ; a mob, composed mostly ofthlie brothlir omcers of the prisoners, assembled, without and iattompted their rescue, but, were reiulsed by:hei armed constables..i After the lapsie otfiabut an hour, the'first I eutenant arrived 'and proeeoded'to&Caps..; [nnes, friom whomheo obtained an order`: :for the release of the prisoners ;on the receipt of whichl, to stop all fairtlier pro ceedings,"the hopieful five distributed as. many (5) ponnds among the constables' 'whom -they had- so' roughly : handled. [Suh' .is' the report we have received,: which, if true, involves 'a serious cliarge' agalinst? thd Superintenderit 'of 'Police, :which 'ie hope oe' will hbe able to" nrmct satisfactorily.]' '. k.. "-'".° " "i ;r, 