OPIUM SMOKERS. A Discourse warning peope against the pernicious effects of Opium smoking, by Scholasticus Solitarius (Ganchoo- sang). The following is an anonymous dis- course, deprecating the use of Opium, which is posted on almost every street of the town. Although the author gives himself out to be "a secluded scholar,'' it is supposed by many to come from the pen of the Viceroy himself. It is beautifully composed and would be no discredit to the first scholar of the land. We have taken a good deal of pains to translate it, but confess that we have not done justice to the beauty of the original, nor indeed is it in our power to do it justice. No language on earth, for pith, brevity, terseness, harmony of style, and apposite impressions, can be compared to the classic language of China! We must, therefore, beg our readers not to judge of the merits of the original by the poverty of the transla- tion. Indeed with the exception of admitting that it conveys something of the meaning of the original, it may be said of it, what a famous sinologue said of a somewhat similar performance, ''frigida est et insulsa, nec aliter cum allato epigraphs (leg sermone) componi potest, quam Thersites cum Achill!" Of all the evils that afflict mankind, the greatest are those which he per- versely brings upon himself. In his life he not only builds up a line of con- duct that leads him to a miserable death, but contentedly sinks down to the lowest of his species, and becomes an object of hatred and scorn to his fellow-men. Having perversely brought these evils upon himself which lead him to a miserable death, when he dies no man pities him! contentedly sinking down to the lowest of his species, and becoming an object of hatred and contempt to his fellow-men, he is pleased with his depravity, which is not the original nature of man; to be not of the original nature of man then, and to die unpitied, is what belongs to reptiles, wild beasts, dogs and swine, certainly not to the human species! Why do I thus express myself? rep- tiles and wild beasts possess to know- ledge, they are not aware of the infelicity of a miserable death, and they take no steps to guard against it: dogs and swine never heard of the express- sions, right and wrong, glory and disgrace; they quietly receive the kicks and curses of men, and they remember not his insults with a blush of shame! Therefore it is, that men who by their own acts have reduced themselves to a similar footing, are upbraided as being as reptiles, wild beasts, dogs and swine; and though they may be unwilling to submit to such degrading epithets, yet are they unable to shake off these ap- pellations which have been so happily applied to them! But there are men still more brutish than the brutes! Reptiles, wild beasts, dogs and swine, do corrupt the morals of the age so as to cause one anxious thought to spring up to the breast of our gracious so- sovereign. Now, however, there are men what do so, who consequently are beneath reptiles, wild beasts, dogs and swine, and these men are the smokers of Opium! It is worthy of remark that opium smoking commenced by one or two careless worthless fellows, who mutually instigated each other to this vicious indulgence, simply by way of amuse- ment! When people begin to smoke, they at first observe no evil effects pro- duced by it; when they have smoked for some time, they then require what is called renovation; when the time for renovating come, if they do not smoke, then the hands and feet become weak and pained, the mouth drops, the eyes become glazed, rheum flows from the one, and slaver from the other, they are subject to complaints which resemble phlegm, asthma and. convulsive fits; when they arrive at this stage of the disease, every atom of human reason appears to have left them; you may beat them, scold them, curse them and insult them, yet they will not get up to give you any rejoinder! This is the first view, shewing bow baneful opium is to human life! And having smoked it still longer, the constitution begins to give way, the interior gradually decays, thousands of worms and maggots gnaw the intestines, their face becomes discoloured, their teeth black, their appearance like char coal, their shoulders rise to their ears, their necks shrink in the thrapple pro- trudes and their whole figure is hateful as that of a ghost or devil (which is the reason why they are called a peen Kwei, of opium-smoking devils), and in time they insensibly bug their bane till death overtakes them in the very act! This is the second view that I present of the horrors of opium! Further, people who are in the habit of smoking opium require the most costly viands to nourish them, and of these costly viands the renovating item, is the most costly of all! Day by day it goes on increasing from one and two mace to five and six mace, there is no certain rule, but they reckon a mace of opium as among their necessaries of life. A man's wealth as well as his strength has its bounds; even a rich man may not always be able to fill or replenish this leak in the cup, how much less then a poor man! The evil habit thus leads to one cruelly neglecting the comfort of his father and mother, and leads to his unfeelingly exposing his wife and children to cold and want, he cares not for his morning or evening meal, but to do without his opium were impossible! This then is the third view that I present of the evils of opium! Moreover opium smokers, by indulging chiefly in their baneful habit at night time, waste many candles and consume much oil. Till morning they do not sleep, and while the sun shines open the world, and other men rise to go to work, the opium smoker alone is still in his slum- bers! Thus by not getting up till mid day in constant succession, the employé neglects his public duties, the scholar flings aside his book, the workman's occupation goes to ruin, the merchant drains his substance, the soldier and officer become slothful and impotent, and the servant lazy in obeying his mas- ter's commands: thus then, by it, time is mispent, duty neglected, wealth dis- sipated, life lost! and families overtaken by destruction! this is the fourth view that I present of the pernicious effect of opium! Now, in reference to these four points view in which I have shown opium to be a great calamity, it is not that people don't see it, it is not that people don't know it, but still such is the fact that with all this staring them in the face, they mutually hasten, they mutually urge each other to their bane, and contentedly yield up their lives to its noxious influence! As the waters of the great river flow to the east, and day by day flow on without ceasing, as we find of this evil habit, when it first began, that those who smoked avoided the gaze of other men, they kept their shame secret and feared to avow it; now however it is taken in public, and even served up as a treat to guests and strangers! At first, none but slaves and the vilest of the vile smoked it; now however it has infected the capped and gowned gentry of the land! At first it was merely used by the people of Canton and Fokien, and those parts which border on the sea; now however it has gone east and west, it has crossed the frontiers into Tartary, nor is there a province of the empire where it has not found its way! At first none but a few depraved wretches of the male sex used it, and now we find that; even Bonges, Taou priests, married women, and young girls are addicted to the life-destroying drug. In every item! in every respect! is the evil becoming daily more grave, more deeply-rooted than before! so much so that its baneful influence seems to threaten little by little to degrade the whole population of the Celestial Empire to a level with reptiles, wild beasts, dogs and swine! When the people of our Empire shall have been degraded to this brutish level, then the three relations will be annihilated, the nine laws or punishments will come to act, the five businesses of life will be utterly neglected, man's reason at an end for ever, and unnumbered woes will arise! From the time that there ever was people until now, never, was there a calamity, which, in its first beginnings so bland, so be- witching, threatens to consume all things with its blaze-like as this fearful drug! Above, our sovereign, and his virtuous ministers, brood over this national misfortune, and lament the havoc it has made: below, all good men, and all disinterested employés exert themselves to counteract its effects, yet are they unable to arrest its progress? When one reflects on all these things, even granting that the final sentence of the law should be awarded to those men who have caused such disasters, who is there that may left up his voice and say, "it would not be right so to do?" Nor does the evil stop here. Those foreigners, by means of their poison, dupe and be- fool the natives of China! It is not only that year by year they abstract thereby many millions of our money, but the direful appearances seem to indicate a wish on their part, utterly to root out and extinguish us as a people!* I repeat that from the time of our becoming a nation until now, never did any evil, at first so bland, so enticing, blaze so fearfully as does this dreadful poison! My countrymen of China well know the dangerous position they stand in, yet they contentedly hug their bane which brings on them rain and death! Thus it is by land and by water, in the public market and in the mountain passes, those who sell opium are to be met with by hundreds and by thousands at a time! These are all so many cut throat ruffians as careless of their own lives as of those of others; they go about with their swords and spears all prepared, in order to prosecute with violence their illegal calling: equally depraved are the police and soldiery, for they, in order to turn their employment to good account, pretend that they are searching for the prohibited drug, and under this excuse turn the baggage of the lawful traveller upside down, by and subject good people to every species of annoyance. These evils and abuses day by day become more wide-spreading, more deeply- rooted, and they are entirely brought on by the smokers in opium! When I reflect upon this, it seems to me, that though every one of these said opium smokers should be exterminated, yet would not their death be sufficient to atone for the crimes they have com- mitted—for the evils they have brought about! Now I have heard that our gracious Emperor, after mature consultation, is about to take this abandoned class of his subjects and utterly cut them off! The necessity of the case imperiously calls for it, and reason strongly justifies the measure! Why is it that I thus express myself? why, because a crime committed against an individual, against his property, or against a fraction of the community, is a small matter compared with one which threatens to put the whole Empire in a blaze! and amidst a calamity which thus affects the country from one end to another, is our sovereign lord to sit quietly looking on and see it raging without putting forth the rod of his power to punish and re- press! Moreover, such are the dictates of reason that guide mankind: where there are those who degrade themselves to a level with reptiles, wild beasts, dogs, and swine, their fellow men despise them: where their fellow men despise them, they also reject and cast them off: thus misery is superadded to misery, and looking upon them like birds of prey, we may hunt them down, or as herbs, we may root them up, without the least feeling of pity or compunction! *The three relations (or bonds), vis., prince and people, father and see husband and wife **Many Chinese are under an impression that it is our object to take their country by means of opium. it is only they who have brought this woe upon themselves! Now, although happiness is built upon a foundation misery has also a source from which it springs, and amidst the discord of those warring principles, it belongs to those above to seize the opportunity of bringing forth good out of evil? In reference to this, Chin Tung foo has said, "When the bulk of the "people are joyfully hastening to their "ruin, and when it is not in the power "of gods or devils to change their "course, man can do it! and if it be "asked me, how can man change their "course? I reply by killing—in order "to stay killing!" (i.e., by putting a few to death, as an example and warning to others.) Now therefore in reference to the opium smokers, if we do not impose these laws upon them, then they will die under the hands of the execut- tioner;— but it seems better that a few should perish under the hands of the executioner, with the prospect of being able to resist the evil, than that they should die from opium, and our race become exterminated! Again, there are appearances in nature as if heaven*** and earth at times repent of unnecessary severity ; more- over the holiest of men trembles while punishing wickedness, if he has not distinctly warned the parties before- hand. Obscure individual that I am, not being in the situation of the high officers of the government, I cannot presume to know or regulate their plans, and for me thus to obtrude my imperti- nent advice, may justly be reckoned to me as a crime shout**** But, I look upon ye all as of the same species with myself, as my brethren of the human race; in the midst of my retirement I have thought of your situation with grief and pain: and I deeply pity you, seeing the terrors of the law about to take hold of you. I have therefore composed a short discourse, which with the kindest bowels of compassion, I offer up for your perusal, earnestly hoping that my brethren will give good heed to the faithfulness of my intentions, and deeply ponder upon my words. It is to the following effect. Every man who is endowed with the gift of reason, knows to prize his life above all things; from the time our fee- ble body is scarce a cubit high, if it be wounded we mourn and weep. In childhood when traversing a dangerous road at dead midnight, we tremble and mutually warn each other to beware; whatever enticement may be held out, we reject it with suspicion, and feel alarmed to proceed; this is because we fear to die. And when grown to man's estate, whatever is noxious to our persons, we endeavour to avoid with the utmost anxiety; if we cannot succeed in avoid- ing it, we feel sorrowful and repair to a temple to implore divine aid. From childhood till old age, without distinguishing between the virtuous and the depraved, the noble and the base, the object of all our active exertions by night and by day, the object for which we rack our minds with the most intense anxiety, is merely to obtain what will benefit us, and avoid what will injure us; to follow after happiness to shun misery, and nothing more. If we are overcome by dangers or sickness, we are sad ; if informed that we are about to die, we are sorrowful; such is the nature of man, and opium smokers offer the only exception. These run after their death! these sit contentedly on the brink of danger—even as the silly moth which keeps fluttering round the candle which consumes him. Among men there is no one who does not like the idea of making his name famous or honorable; if you upbraid a man with being depraved he gets angry; if you still further insult him, by telling him that his heart is cruel as that of the wild beast or bird of prey, that he is deficient in knowledge as the reptile that crawls upon the ground, and that he cannot be classed as one of the human species: methinks that at language of this kind, his eyes must "like stars "start from their spheres; and each "particular hair must stand on end "like quills upon the fretful porcu- "pine!" He must put himself in a posture of defence, and hurl back the reproach with a curse. But opium smokers are alone different in this re- spect. They, it is true, do not wish to receive such insults, but not wishing to receive the name, and doing that which induces the appellation, is very much the same as sitting down contentedly under the reproach. Therefore it is, that they who smoke opium and clearly know that it is destroying their life are guilty of folly; they who smoke opium, and know that while they do so, it is sullying their fame and reputation, are lost to every sense of shame; and those who associate with the lowest of the low, the vilest of the vile, and who in the company of such, turn day into night, have forgotten every rule of de- cency and propriety To smoke opium, and not to look after the comfort of your parents, is to play the part of an undu- tiful child; to smoke opium and to give no heed to the instruction of your son, is not fulfilling your duty as a father; to smoke opium and care not though your wife suffer cold and want, is what no kind husband would do; to corrupt the manners and customs of the age, and entail calamities upon posterity, is to be a robber, of the world; to violate the laws, to break through the regulations and not to repent of your crime is the conduct of a rebel; to take the intelligent and educated mind of a chinese, and prostitute it so as to be duped by distant foreigners, with their corroding poison, to heap up unnumbered crimes, to refuse to awake from your delusion, and to die with it in your embrace, shows that ye know not reason, and that your hearts are like those of the brutes! *** Heaven is said to repent of severity, by the Chinese, e. g supposing heaven to have visited the land with long drought, when the refreshing rain falls, this is is said to be a proof of heaven repent- ing, and vice versa. The meaning of the author is, that as heaven has been cruel is permitting the opium poison to rage over the land, perhaps he will relent and bless the vigorous measures we are now taking to put a stop to it. Now, then, ye who smoke opium; look at the nine foregoing crimes you commit! and when ye take up the opium pipe to smoke, do one and all of put the hand upon the heart and ask yourselves: Do I desire death, or not? ought I to leave off this hateful vice, or ot! People who have rebelled against high heaven, who have injured their fellow men, who have opposed reason, who have trampled on the five relations of mankind, who have set at defiance every rule of decency and propriety; methinks that though our sovereign's laws may not slay them, yet that heaven and earth, God'\s and spirits, must exter- minate them with their avenging light- enings. And though you may escape but human punishments, think you that you can escape the punishment of heaven! although you have human faces and dress like men, though your houses may overflow with wealth, and you may fare on dainties every day, yet loaded as you are with every species of guilt, I can find no difference between you and reptiles, wild beasts, dogs and swine! can ye hear a reproach of this kind without starting with horror— without the cold sweat trickling down your foreheads! Before I finish, a word to you who are mandarins: and employes in government offices. It belongs to you to rule the people. You try their crimes, and you award their punishments. Let me ask of you, supposing you were called upon to judge your own crimes in this respect, pray by what law or statute would you judge them? And ye who are scholars and learned men; ye have already studied a great many works; ye know what propriety is. Let me then ask of you, supposing you were called upon to give an opinion of your own conduct in this respect, pray under what standard of propriety would you class it? For the operative, for the merchant, and for every class and description of people, are there laws made and punishments annexed,—but for you! 