NOTICES OF THE ISLAND OF LOMBOCK. THE island is called Lombock by Europeans, from a small village on the north- esst coast. By the Bali chiefs in their correspondence, it is called Soli Paron; but, by the natives themselves, in their daily conversation, it is called Sasak, and the people are called the men of Sasuk. About eighty years ago it was conquered by the Balinese, who have since held it in possession. Hence the population is divided into two classes—the Ba- linese and the Sasaks. The former number about 8000, and are the rulers; while the latter number about 170,000 and each man pays two dollars a year to the Balinese rajahs. The Balinese are Boodhists and speak the lnaguage of Bali. The Sasaks are Mahommedans, and have a language of their own. Both languages, however, are often spoken by both people; and on the coasts, and by the chiefs, Malay is somewhat used. The length of the island from north to south is about sixty miles, and its breadth is about thirty-five or forty. It is divided into two prin- cipalities—Mataram and Karang-Asam—each one having its own rajah, who is surrounded by his own chiefs. Ampanan and Tundjang Karang are villages about seven miles from each other, on a large cove in the straits of Lombock. Mataram is a large place—the capital of the principality of that name. It is situated three miles in the in- terior from Ampanan. Karang-Asam, another large place, is the capital of the other principality, and situated about five miles still further in the interior. Bali, Sabaougi, and Pya are trading ports on the east side of the island. The face of the country is remarkable. A fertile, level, and well-watered plain stretches from east to west across the island. It is about twelve miles wide, and contains the great mass of the population, closely connected together. To the north and south of this it is countainous, and very thinly inhabited. The vallies in the mountainous parts are said to produce the best cotton in the Archipelago. It is manufacted into cloth, and made a small article of export with the native traders. The principal production of the island is rice, of which 12,000 tons are annually exported. As the island is not overstocked with inhabitants, the people need not be destitute of the neces- saries of life. The principal intercourse of the inhabitants of Lombock with European settlements, or with any foreign places, is with Sourabaya on Java, and with Macassar on Celebes; occasionally a prow goes to, or comes from Singapore, Kou- pang, and other Dutch settlements. A few large ships, perhaps five or six, stop annually on their way from Sydney to Canton. The Bugis traders occasionally come and go to almost every port of : the Archipelago, and by very small boats there is daily communication with Bali, and perhaps also with Sumbawa. More than a hundred Bugis traders and adventurers reside at Ampanan, and about a dozen Chinese. In cultivating their fields, the natives use an instrument resembling a harrow, and a plough re- sembling the old fashioned wooden plough. This is drawn by oxen. Their fields for raising rice are made into level terraces, and may be over- flowed at pleasure by streams which are in- geniously led in narrow canals over the whole plain. In the useful arts it is gratifying to hear that they have made a beginning. They work in iron, make common pottery, and manufacture cotton and silk cloth of an inferiour quality—the silk coming from China. Their best workmanship are muskets and creases. The latter is a sort of dagger, and worn by all the men. Some of them are as fine as the best European work. Their houses are small, and stand in clusters or villages; those of the rajah, and a few of the higher chiefs, are built of good burnt bricks, and the roofs are tiled. Those of the common people are made of unburnt bricks, and the roofs are thatched. Of carriages and waggons the Lombock people have not yet felt the need. As the plain across the island is only forty miles in length, they can travel this distance in one or two days on foot, or on horseback; and for transporting their rice, the backs of their handy horses answer very well. Their horses are strong and small, and every day thirty or forty pass through Mataram, each one carrying four bags of rice, weighing together nearly four cwt. Around their necks they have two straps of bells, like sleigh-bells. As we stood and saw them pass in long lines, each horse with his driver by his side, I need not say that the sight was gratifying. It afforded substantial evidence of a certain degree of industry in a region of the earth where indolence is one of the reigning sins.— Singapore Free Press. NEWS-MAKING.— Can anything dead or alive more pitiably unhappy be conceived than a jaded scribbler for the public press—sitting down to his task at the last moment, with an aching head and an empty stomach—or vice versa, which is exactly the same in effect? Imagine the forlorn drudge's sensation, as he doggedly lifts the quill stump and moves it instictively towards that fountain of good and evil, the ink-pot, surcharged with both the gall of bitterness and the honey of adu- lation. He is destitute of a topic—his over- wrought brain has exhausted its tock of images, and he can fancy nothing but the ghost of an idea already hackneyed through all the changes of the alphabet—no subject that has not been hackneyed to death by the hungry scissors of borrowers and imitators. Yet must be continued to feed the iron jaws of the press! There is no release from the undertaking. He is in for it, and sterile or fertile, feasting or starving, his imagination must be wrung daily, yea hourly, for where-withall to meet the merciless demands of the demon at his elbow. Other men may eat, drink and sleep; may live, move, and have a being like decent creatures; the merchant may relax in time of sickness, or retire at seasons of enjoyment; the mechanic may forego a job when he breaks a limb, or chooses to go a fishing; the farmer may work, or let it alone; and the mariner has frequent intermission amidst the tolls and the storms of his career, and the world wags on without confusion, nevertheless, they only comparitively feel the consequences; not so with the slove of types. For him there is no holyday. No repose, no retreat await his tired powers. When he skulks, the world comes to an end, and chaos riots! Nor is it merely indispen- sable that he shall labour at brief and stated in- tervals—the most irksome sort of employment from its very constancy, and regularity, and unceasing recurrence; he must also put forth his efforts at something new. The reading public has become a spoiled child with a depraved appetite, perpetually hankering after novelties, monstrosities, and impossibilities. In the fabrication of these erudities for quidnunes, a renewal of intellect onre a year, at least, should be provided for. There is an end even to " the spider's most attenuated thread;" and what maker of long yarns can be lequired, in reason, not only to spin out, lik« a spider, the substances of his body, but that of his brain also! Truly this is a cruel world; and the man that meddles with para- graphs, a miserable piece of carneous machinery. Laughter.— An anonymons writer (1769) classifies the different laughs hs follows :—1. The wide-mouthed or indecent laugh. 2. The graci- ous laugh or the smile. 3. The laugh of dignity or protection. 4. The silly or simple laugh, which must be distinguished from the naturally ingenuous. 5. The self approving laugh, or that of sheer vanity. 6. The laugh of courtesy, civi- lised compact, or fashionable usage. 7, The laugh of affectation or disdain. 8. The laugh of sincerity, openness, invitation, and serenity, that in a pleasing manner diffuses itself over the whole countenance. 9. The laugh of hypocrisy or dis- simulation, or (according to the vulgar phrase) in one's sleeve; which must be distinguished from 10\. The laugh of determined or absolute malice. 11\. The laugh constrained, is that observable when we make an effort to repress an unreason- able impulse. 12. The laugh extorted, or ma- chinal, isbrought on by excessive tickling, or by wounds of the diaphragm, or by certain noxious be- verages. 13. The laugh caused by soreness of the mind, despite, resentfulness, desire of revenge, mixed with a certain pleasure that is in near al- liance with pride. And lastly, 14. The laugh inextinguishable, as Homer calls it in Greek; but that, in our vulgar phrase may be expressed by the outrageous or horse laugh, whose explosive bursts we cannot stop. In 1662 an Italian as- trologer published a treatise of about six sheets, wherein he distinguished the different tempera- ments of mankind by their different modes of laughing. Thus the hi! hi! hi! notifies melan- choly people; the he! he! he! the phlegmatic persons; the ho! ho! ho! those of a mere san- guise disposition. 