I ' ,i 32ilractc. Arrival of the Great Western. — The Great Western arrived at iter moorings in Kingvoad this morning at ten minutes past (twelve o'clock a.m., having left. New York on tlie evening of the 18tli of August — tints completing iter voyage in 13. days. . Her voyage to New York occupied 14J days. ' Site brings New York papers to tlie 18 th of August. Papers of the 1 0th state that her arrival at New Y'ork had been anxiously looked fof, and that the news site brought, pro duced an immediate rise in tlie money market, which became 'firm, and upon tlf'e news reaclii g Philadelphia stocks rose 2 per cent. Tlie intelligence by the arrival of the President at New York, atid tli.o Acadi at Boston ou tlie 17 tit it isjsaid by private, correspondents, pro- djtced slight depression ; nothing, how ever, upon this subject had transpired in the papers up. to tlie time of the Great Western's departure, which was delayed some hours in order to enable her to bring replies to tlte letters received by those ships. The .exchanges on London were 106/j . to .107 A. :The boundary question , still remained in an unsatisfactory state, and tlie accounts from the Maine are far from being pacific, Titc citizens of the United States at tlie time of the departure of the Great Wes tern were busily engaged in the elections, which were almost universally in favour of the Whigs, and left little doubt of the election of General 'Harrison as President. Just as the Great Western fwas leaving New York tlie President 'steamer was telegraphed' off that port. This ship left Liverpool on the 1st ult. Tlie Acadia steam ship arrived at Boston ,on the 1 7th ult., at nine a.m., after 12A day's passage from Liverpool, having called at Halifax — ten day's passage. A dispensation from residence has been granted by iter Majesty to Lieut. Holman, " the blind traveller,', a natal knight of Travels College, Windsor. Lieut. Holman is on the eve of setting out again upon liis travels in foreign lands. Flax . — It appears by a comparative statement (just published) of Lite quan tity of flax, &c.;, imported into Dundee from the 1st of Jan., 1S39, to 29th June 1840, that there has been a decrease in tne tatter year ot rtax, Max Gouiiia, and hemp, amounting to 30,327 c-wts. ' Cure for Scandal. — Take the fol- JdyVitig :-7r:Of " good nature" otic oiincc. of an herb called by the Indians " mind your business" one ounce.' Mix these with a little " charity for others," and two or three of " keep your tongue between your teeth." The symptoms are' violent itching in the tongue and roof of the mouth, which invariably takes place when you are in company with a species of animals called goslups. When you feel a fit of it .coming on, take a spoonful of the misture ; hold it. iti your mouth, which you will keap closely shut till you get home, and you will find a complete cure. Should you apprehend a relapse, keep a small bottle obout you, and on the slighthcst symp toms repeat the dose. Bathos.- — lu Sergeant Talfourd's new tragedy of Glcncoe, in tho midst of one of Macready's greatest bits of tlie solemn, a band of music at a distance plays " the Campbells are coming" — a well- known row-tle-tlow Scotch tune ! Only imagine, in the tragedy of Macbeth , Banquo's Ghost rising to the air, of Nix my Dolly pals, fake away;" or Cato delivering his soliloquy,' previous to his suicide, to the'lively aecom pan i men ts 'o 1' Ljcli a' eittiq'' up stairs and 'playing ou the fiddle V'- Aryus. ' - ' Boardiraj School Fare.—" '; And ;.do you live 1 well," my poor boy 1 'said Cuthbett. " Lot's of grub" said Tom, "sicli as it is. Sundays we has baked beef, long bony bits,— hunder done, and plenty of ard budden. Saturdays, scraping and stick-jaw. Hobliged to bolt all the fat, else we .hitches toko. They gives us swips for dinner and supper, with cheese as ard as liiron, lianas .black as my at; but they tells us it's .olesome."- -Gurney Married. .<!« a t nrltfrtu nnri printer down .south .offers ..to, sell his establishment for a clean shirt and a meal of victuals. lie says he lived , on promises' till his very wdiiskers . had stopped growing. 