I THE PAINTER'S BARGAIN. I I Communicated by Michael Angela Tit- I marsh, Esq., to the Editor of Frazers I Magazine, and slightly remodelled, I Simon Gambouge was the son of So- I lomon Gambouge, and as all the world I "linows, both father and son were asto> I nishly clever fellows in their profession. I Solomon painted landscapes that nobody I bought, and Simon, who took a higher I line, painted portraits to admiration, only I nobody came to sit to him. As he was I not gaining five pounds a-year by his I profession, and had arrived at the age of I twenty, Simon determined to better him- self by taking a wife, a plan which other I wise men adopt in similar years and cir- I qumstances. So Simon prevailed upon a I butcher's daughter (to whom he owed a I -considerable sum for cutlets) to quit the meat shop, and follow him. Griskiniska, \- such was the fair creature's name, was a I lovely bit of mutton, her father said I -< who spoke in the figurative language of I the butcher), as ever a man would wish to I look at. She had sat to the painter in all I _ sorts of characters, and the curious who possess any of Gambouge s pictures, will see her as Venus, Mineiva, Medona, and numberless others. Portrait of a Lady, Griskiniska ; Sleeping Nymph, without a rag of clothes, lying in a forest, I Griskiniska; Maternal Solicitude, Gris- kiniska again, with young Master H Gambouge, who was by this time the offspring of their affections. The lady brought the painter a handsome little fortune of a couple of hundred- pounds, and so long as this sum lasted, no woman could be more lovely or loving, but want began speedily to attack their little house- hold ; bakers' bills were unpaid, rent was H due, and the reckless landlord gave no quarter, and to crown the whole, the fa- : ther, unnatural butcher, suddenly stopped the supplies of mutton chops, and swore that his daughter and the dauber,, her husband, should have no more of his wares. At first they embraced tenderly, and kissing and crying over their little infant, vowed to heaven that they would H do without ; but in the course of the even- H ing, Griskiniska grew peckish-, and poor Simon pawned his best coat. When this habit of pawning is discovered, it appears to the poor a sort of Eldorado. Gam- houge and his wife were so delighted, that H they in the course of a month made away B with her gold chain, her great Warraing- B pan, his best crimson plush inexpres- B sibles, two wigs, a washhand basin and B ewer, fire irons, window curtains, crock- ; B ery, and arm chairs. Griskiniska said, B smiling, that she had found a second B father in her uncle— base pun, which B showed that her mind was corrupted, and B that she was no longer the tender Griski- niska of former days. I am sorry to say, B that she had taken to drinking, she swal- B lowed the warming-pan in three days, and H fuddled herself one whole evening with the crimson plush breeches. Blinking is the devil— the father, that is to say, of BH »11 vices. Griskiniska's face and her B mind grew ugly together, her good hu- mour changed to bilious bitter discontent, Hj her pretty fond epithets to foul abuse, and B swearing", her blue eyes grew watery and B blear, and the peach colour on her cheeks B fled from its old habitation and crowded B up into her nose, where, with a number Bj of pimples, it stuck fast for ever. Add to B this, a dirty draggle- tailed chintz gown, B long matted hair wandering into her eyes B and over her lean shoulders, and you have Hj the picture of drunkenness, and of Mrs. B Gambouge Poor Simon, who had been B a gay lively fellow enough in the days of B Jiis better fortune, was completely cast H down by his present ill luck, and cowed 98 by the ferocity of his wife. From morn- B ing till flight, the neighbours could hear H this woman'8 tongue, and understand her B doings ; bellows went skimming across 8 the room, chairs were plumped down on Hj the floor, and poor Gambouge' a oil and |H the tarnish pots went clattering through £9| the windows. The baby roared all day, B .and Simon sat pale and idle in a corner, B taking a small sup at the brandy bottle B avhen Mrs. Gambouge was out of the way. Hb One day as he sat disconsolately at his B asel, furbishing up a portrait of his wife, B in the charater of Peace, which he had B commenced a year before, he was more B than ordinarily desperate, and he cursed B and swore in a naost - pathetic manner. m " Oh, miserable fate of genius,'? cried he, B "was I, a man of such commanding B -talents, born for this ? to be bullied by a B fiend of a wife — to have my master-pieces B . neglected by the world, and sold for a few B pieces ? Cursed be the love which has III misled me — cursed be the art which is 111 unworthy of me. Let me dig or steal — a let me sell myself as a soldier — or sell j||g myself to the devil, I should not be more HI uncomfortable than I am now/' " Quite ie contrary," cried a small cheery voice. " What I" exclaimed Gambouge, trem- B bling and surprised, " who's there — where B are you — who are you speaking to ?" : B Gambouge held in his left hand his pal- 88 lette, in his right a Iffadder of crimson B lake which he was about to squeeze out B upon the mahogany, ' where are you," he M cried out again. " S-q-u-e-e-z-e," ex- , B claimed the little voice. Gambouge gil picked out the nail from the bladder, and J gave a squeeze, when — as sure as this is Si she truth, a little imp spirted out from the Sil hole on to the palette, and began laughing in 111 the mast singular and oily manner. When Sa first born, he was little bigger than a 111 tadpole, then he grew to he as big as a gal mouse, then he arrived at the size of a B| cat, and then he jumped off the palette, B and turning head over heels, asked the Hi painter what he wanted, with him £ m The strange little ani- B roal twisted head over heels, and fixed Bp himself at last upon the top of Gam- ill bouge's easel, smearing out with his BE heels and tail, all the white and vermillion H which had just been laid on to the alle- M goric portrait of Mrs. Gambouge. "What!" K said Simon, " is it the ?" Ex- K 3ctly so, talk of me you know, and I am always at hand ; besides, I am- not half so black as I am painted, as you will see, when you know me a little better." "Upon my word," said the painter, " it is. a very singular surprise you have given me. To tell the truth, I did-not even believe in your existence." The iittlfe.imp.puton a the-; atrical appearance.witlr ready's best looks, said—" There are more things in heaven and earth, Gam- bougeo, than is .dreamed of in.your philo sophy." Gambouge, being- a French-, man, did not understand the quotation, but felt-somehow strangely and singularly in the conversation of hia new friend. Diabolus continued, " you are a. man of merit, and want money— you. will starve on your merit, you can get money from me. Come, my friend, how mnch is it ? I ask the easiest interest in the world, old Mordacai, the usurer, has made you pay twice as heavily before now — no thing but the signature of a bond, which is a mere form, and the transfer of an article, which is in itself a mere supposition, a valueless, windy, uncertain property of: vours, called by some poet of your, own t think, an animula, vagula, blandula, bah, there's no use beating about the bush. — I mean, a soulv Come, let me have it, you know you will sell it some way or other, and not get such good pay for your, bargain." And having made this, speech, the devil pulled out of his fob a sheet as big as a double London Times, only there was a different stamp in the corner. It is useless and tedious to de scribe law documents, lawyers only love .to read them,, and they have as good in Chitty, as any that are to be found in the : devil's own, so nobly have the apprentices emulated the skill of their great master. Suffice it then to say, that poor Gam bouge signed the paper. He waa to have \- all he wished for seven years, and at the 'end of that time, he waa to become the : property of the — — ». Provided always, that during the said seven years, every single wish which he might form should be gratified by the other party, otherwise ; the deed was to become null and void, and in that case, Gambouge should be left lo go to the devil his own way. " You will never see me again," said Diabolus, shaking hands with poor Simon, on whose fingers he left such a mark as may be seen to this day ; " never, at least, unless you want me, for everything you ask will be done in the most quiet and every-day manner ; believe me it is best and most gentlemanlike, and avoids anything like scandal; but if you set me about any thing extraordinary, or out of the course of nature, as it were, come I must, you know, and of this you are the best judge." So saying, Diabolus disappeared, hut whe ther up the chimney, through the key hole, or by any other contrivance, nobody knows. Simon Gambouge was left in a fever of delight, as heaven forgive me, I believe many a worthy man would be, if he were allowed the opportunity of mak ing a similar bargain. " Heigho I" said Simon, " I wonder whether this be reality or a dream ? I am sober, I know, for who will give me credit for the means to be otherwise ; and as for sleeping, I am too hungry for that. I wish I could see a capon and a bottle of white wine." 4 Monsieur Simon,' cried a voice on the landing-place. ' C'est ici ," quoth Gam bouge, hastening to open the door. He rlirl flTln 1 A fVlAIIA ntAA A « A of A M WA f All J vucic lvao I 1 vctctui UbUUl C boy at the door, supporting a tray, a tin covered dish, and plates on the same, and by its side, a tall amber-coloured flask of Sauterne. " I am the new boy," ex claimed the youth on entering, " but I be lieve this is the right door, and you asked for these things.' Simon grinned, and said, " Certainly, I did ash for these things." And such was the effect of his interview with the demon on his inno cent mind, that he took them, although he knew that they were for old Simon, the Jew dandy, who was mad after an opera girl, and lived on the floor below. " Go, my boy," he said, " it is good, call in a couple of hours, and take away the plates and glasses." (The tale as told by Mr. Titmarsh, then goes on to show how Simon pawned the plate at his old friend the pawnbro- broker's, and with the proceeds immedi ately afterwards won twelve thousand pounds at a gaming table, with which he very honestly paid for the dinner, and then for the plate also. Our readers must understand, that Simon having now become rich, became also abundantly moral — he was a most exemplary father — he fed the poor, -and scorned a base action. We have no doubt that Mr. Thurtell, or the lute lamented Mr- Green- acre himself, if so situated, would have also acted as did Mr. Simon Gambouge, the painter, whose history by Mr. Titmarsh, we are thus unfortunately obliged to abridge, it being too long for our Tasma- nian columns) Well, there was but one blot on his character, he hated Mrs. Gambouge. worse than ever. As he grew more violent, she grew more viruleri, when he, went to plays, she went tobible soci eties, and vice versa, in fact she led him such a life as Xantippe led So crates, or as a dog would a cat in the same kitchen. With all his fortune, for as may ; be supposed, Simon prospered in all worldly things, he was the most miserable dog in the whole city of Paris. Only on the point of drinking did Mrs. Gambouge and himself agree, and for several years, and for a considerable number of hours of each day, he thus dissipated partially his chagrin. Oh, Philosophy, we may talk of thee, but except at the bottom of a wine cup, where thou liest like truth in a well, where shall we find thee ? He lived so well, and his worldly matters prospered so much, there was so little sign of devilment in his wishes, and in , the increase of his prosperity, that Simon, at the end of six years, began to douht i whether he had made- any such- bargain as that which we described at the com mencement of this history. He had grown, as we have, said, very pious and moral. He went regularly to mass, and had a confessor into the bargain. He re- i solved, therefore, to consult that reyerend gentleman and to lay before him th£ , M J rr-j9? - whole matter, " I am inclined, holy sir," said Gambouge, after he had concluded his confession, and shown how. in some miraculous, way all his desires were ae- jpomphshed, "that after all, this demon was. no other than the creation of mv :own brain, heated with the effects of that bottle of., wine, the cause of my crime, and my prosperity." The confessor agreed with him,, and they walked out of church very comfortably together, and -then en tering a Cafe, they sat down to refresh themselves after the fatigues.. of their de votions. A respectable looking old gen tleman, with a number of orders to the button. holes. of his coat, presently entered the room, and sauntered up to the table before which reposed Simon, and his cle rical friend. " Excuse me, gentlemen," he said, as, he took a plae opposite to them, and began reading the paper of the day " Bah !"- said he, at last, " Look, -sir," he sard, handing oyer am immense .sheet of London Times .to Mr. Gambouge, " was ever anything so monstrous ? Si mon smiled politely, and examined the proffered page. "It is enormous," said he, " but; I do not readEnglish." " Nay," said the man with the orders. " look closer at it, Mr. Gambouge, it is. astonish ing how easy the language is." Won dering, Simon took the required sheet of paper. He turned pale as he looked at it, and began to abuse the waiter, and the ices. " Qome, Monsieur l'Abbe," he said, the heat and glare of this place is into lerable." . - The stranger rose with them. " Au plaisir de vous revoir, mon cher Monsieur," said lie, " I do uot mind speaking before the Abbe here, who is my very good friend, but I thought' it necessary to refresh your me mory, concerning our little business trans action six vears. since, and could not ex actly talk about it at church, as you may fancy." Simpni Gambouge had seen, in the 'double-sheeted London Times, the paper signed by himself, when the devil pulled it out of his fob. . (There was no doubt about it, so Simon, who had but a year to live, of course grew more moral and pious than ever.) Simon s magnificence grew as wearisome to him as his poverty evfer had been, and not one of the doctors whom he consulted, could give him one pennyworth of consolation. However, one day his confessor came bounding into the room with the greatest glee. teMy friend," said be,/' I have it. Send the Pope a hundred thousand crowns, build a new Jesuit's college at Rome, give a hundred golden candlesticks.to .St, Peter s and tell his Holiness you will double all if he will give you absolution.' Gambouge caught at the notion, and hurried off a courier to Rome. His Holiness agreed to the proposition, and sent him an abso- ; lution written out with his own fist, and in all due form. " Now,J cried he, " foul fiend, I defy thee— arise Diabolus, your contract is not worth a jot — the Pope has ; absolved me, and I am all right, hurrah ! In a fervour of gratitude he clasp'd the hand of hia professor, and embraced him ; tears of joy ran down the cheeks of both 'these good men. Presently there was heard an inordinate roar of laughter, and there was the Devil sitting opposite them, holding his sides, and lashing his tail about as if he would hav.e gone right mad with glee. ' Why," said he, " what nonsense ia thic ? r?n Trnii ainnnsp T ears about that ? and he tossed away the Pope's absolution. " M. l'Abbe knows," he said, bowing and grinning, " that though the Pope's paper may pass current here, it is not worth two pence in our country. What do I care about the Pope's absolution ? you might just as well be absolved by your under butler." " Egad," said the confessor, " the rogue's right, I quite forgot the facts, which however, he points out, clearly enough." " No, no, Simon Gambouge," continued the Devil, with horrid familarity, " go thy ways, old fellow, that coek wont fight," and away he went, up the chim ney, chuckling at hie wit and his trkrmph. Gambouge heard his tail scuttling all the way up, as if he bad been a regular sweep, by profession. Simon was now left in that condition of grief, in which, accord ing to newspapers, cities and nations are found when a dreadful murder is commited, or a King, or a Lord knows who, is ill of the gout, a situation, we say, which is more is easy to imagine, than to describe. To add to his woes, Mrs. Gambouge, who was now first made acquainted with his contract, and its probable consequences, raised such a storm about his ears, that made him wish that his seven years had expired. There was no ticket-of-leave to be had from her, at no price. Shes creamed, she scolded, she swore, she wept, she went into such fits of thorough-bred fashionable hysterics, that poor Simon, who bad com pletely knocked under to her, was fairly, or rather most unfairly, worn out of his life. Gladly would he have tried the so cial system, but it was no go, Mrs. Simon had nothing social- about her, so she al lowed him no rest, day or night ; he wan dered about his fine solitary home like a dismal, but well-fed ghost, with a cigar in his mouth ; . be cursed his stars, and la mented in the deepest misery of grief, that he had ever married a butcher's daughter. It wanted six months of the time A sudden and desperate resolution seemed all at once to have taken posses sion of Simon Gambouge. He called his family and friends together he gave one of the greatest feasts that had ever been ; given in Paris — he gaily presided at one . end of the table, whilst Mrs. Gambouge gave herself fashionable airs- at the other , extremity. Aftes dinner,, using the cus- ; tomary formula, he called upon Diabolus , to appear The old ladies screamed; and i hoped he would not appear naked— the -young ones tittered, and-longed to seethe monster — every one was pale with ex pectation: and affiright. A very .quiet, gentlemanly man, neatly dressed in black, made bis- appearance, to the surprise of all presenj;, and bowed all roun.d to the .company. "I will not show my creden- ; rials," he said, blushing and pointing to ;his hoofs, which were cleverly hidden by his pumps and shoe buckles, "unless the i ladies absolutely wish it, but I am the per- soq you want, Mr. Gambouge, pray tell me what is your will ? " "You know," said that gentleman, in a stately de termined voice, '-tnat you. are bound to ;ine according to our agreement, for six , months to come,'® " I am," rejoined the new comer.. « You are to do all I ask, ; whatsoever it may be, or you forfeit the L' bond which I gave you? M " It is true." " You declare this before the present com- ; pauy ? '' " Upon my honour as. a gentle man," said Diabolus, bowing, and laying his hand upon his. waistcoat. A whisper of applause ran round the room, for all were pleased witli the bland manner of \- the fascinatjng stranger. " My love, '' con tinued Mr. Gambouge, addressing his lady, " will you be so polite as to step this \- way?.. you know I must go soon, and I am anxious before this noble company, to make a, provision for. one, who in sickness as in health, in poverty, as .in riches, has been my truest, and fondest companion." ' Gambouge mopped his eyes with his white cambric pocket handkerchief, and all the company, of course, out of politeness, did the same. Diabolus sighed, heavily, and Mrs. Gambouge sidled up- to her husband, and took him affectionately, by the hand. ' Simon," said she, tenderly, " and so you . really love your Griskiniska ? ' Simon continued solemnly,, " Come hither, Diabo lus, you are bound to obey me hi all things for the six months during which our con tract has to run: — take tbee Griskiniska Gfamboiige, live alpne with her lor half a year, never leave her from morning to night, obey all her caprices, follow all her whims, and listen to all the abuse that falls from her infernal tongue. Do this, and I ask no -more of you, I will deliver myself at the -appointed time." Not Lord GleneTg when woke from his sleep by the news of the out break in Lower Canada, not Grii mildly in his most pathetic passages at Astley's Am phitheatre, could look more crest-fallen, and howl more piteously, than Diabolus did npw. " Take another year Gambouge," screamed he, " two move, ten more, a cen- _tury, roast m.e on Lawrence gridiron, boil me in holy water,, place iqe before the Council of Vun Diem en' s Land to urge the merits of the Issue Bill, but don't ask that don't, don't bid me live with Mrs Gam- bouge.'> Simon smiled sternly. "I have said it,' said lie, do this, or our contract is at an end." The Devil at this grinned so horribly, that every drop of beer in the house turned sour, he gnashed his teeth so fright fully, that every person in the company -well : nigh fainted away with the eholic. Down lie slapped the great parchment upon the floor, trampled upon it- madly, and then he lashed it with his hoofs and his tail. At last, spreading out a pair of wings as wide as the Mediterranean Sea, he slapped Gam bouge with his tail right over the eye, and then— — -he vanished, # \- Gambouge screamed with pain and started up. " You drunken lazy scoundrel,'' shrieked a shrill, and well-known voice, you have been asleep these four hours." —here he received another terrific box on the ear. It was too true — poor fellow — he hail fallen asleep at his work, and the beaur tiful vision had been dispelled by the clumsy thpmps of the tipsy Griskiniska- — the : batcher's daughter "I wish,"- said the poor fellow, rubbing his tingling cheeks, "that dreams were true," and -on he went, again at the portrait 