SOME PASSAGES IN THF LIFE OF TIMO THY BLUSHMORE. ESQ. ( Concluded from our last) For a short time they looked sheepish and abashed, as children do when taking the first -liberty ; but this very quickly wore off — they emerged from the corner of a room where they had first entered, some stealing along bv the chairs, some coming boldly up the centre of the room, till at length,, lixe a swarm of locusts, in one dense cloud they settled upon the; chairs arid the floor, examining and in specting, every thing they could lay: their; their; hands on Up to this period all was silence, hut silence is not agreeable to! the juvenile world. Presently one urchin more audacious than the rest, began to blow horrid noises frprii my flute. -This gave the others the cue : a little fat maiden, the model of a shrew, immedi ately commenced, scratching most cruel sounds cut of my violin ; seven pair of hands at once illustrated on my piano the effects of co- operation and the temerity of youngsters ; my flageolet was constrained by a pair of cheeks that " out-swelled the cholic of puffed Aquilon," to utter such shrill shrieks, that one would have thought the instrument itself was sensible of the violence it was committing. I thrust my handkerchief into my ears. On one or two occasions my landlady drove these little fiends cut of -my apart ment, and rescued me ; hut they still per sisted, and my landlady perceiving that I was a modest and accorriinodating man, allowed the chilcen as complete license as they in their little infernal hearts could desire, telling, me at the same time, that they were the sweetest children in the worlds and that 1 showed my taste in en- couraging them to come to me. My aparment was now a perfect bedlam!. These youDg incarnates never left it : they drank my tea and .coffee, arid swallowed my muffins, broke my watch, tore; mv books; nay, nothing would satisfy them, unless I became one 'of themselves, their playmate ; they made tne plav blind- man s buff, bandaged my eyes,, buffeted and = boxed me, climbed on. my shoulders, pinched my. . legs,, roared, yelled, and screamed. They also got infuriate when I did not bring them home, my pockets crammed witlv fruits, cakes, arid toys. In this way I laid out a small fortune. Ait length some of ray family came and res-, cued me from this Pandemonium, but the uproar of it is still ringing. in my ears., I recollect a calamity of another species to which my infirmity also.1 exposed me. I dined one day with a party of gentlemen, one of whom thought fit to give my father's health. My father being abseut, I was immediately called upon to return thanks. J!/ to get up and make a speecfe; whereas I had .hardly temerity sufficient to say " yes" and " no" in com mon conversation. But what was to be done — " Mr. Blushmore, Ml. Blushmore, ; .. . , . - . i .we wait for you," resounded through the room in: fearful echoes. & felt somewhat the same sensation : that Scott describes jHeury Morton to have experienced in the ihut ofethe Covenanters, when the strokes of the fatal clock were as iso: many pricks of a pin on the naked drum of the ear. : " We wait for /you, Mri Blushmore;" .was repeated again by. a score of voices, !and " hear, hear, hear !" came from all sides, accompanied with rapping on the table, stamping the. feet, and sundry other marks of impatience. Merciful goodness ! what could I do I was too .modest to refuse speaking, and too modest to speaK. i ne nrsc motive or course came first into play. I rose,; I .trembled, — I uttered an articulate sound or, two. ; " Hear, hear, hear !" was again shouted, also, "Speak louder, louder. This im pression has always an imperative sound. It made: that impression : upon me. I sought to obey the mandate, -and between timidity and obedience, half whispered, half shouted out in a broken tone ;of voice, indicative of the ;str aggie of these antagonist motives, " Ladies and gentle men." Now the party being a gentleman's party, there was not. a single lady, in the room. In my trepidation I had never thought of this. A loud laugh followed my blunder, but " hear, hear !" was still clamorously shouted, doubtless by several who thought they saw a fair opportunity of having some fun. Well, I commenced i again ; " My brethren," said I. Here the laughter redoubled. I had been in. the habit of attending very regu- : larly a Methodist Chapel on Sundays, and this mode of addressing an audience had thus become familiar lo my ears. " Hear ; him, hear him, bravo, bravo !" was now vociferously. uttered.- " What shall I do, what shall I do," thought I in the utmost dismay. Imagine a man being obliged to "speak when he has nothing to say ! Without thinking, then, and. merely feel- ; ing that I was propelled on to say some- f-Vnnir T in i?nlnntflriKr nnrl in a mnnnpr T " M.W44US-. A have never since been able- to account for, began to repeat Brutus s speech in Julius Csesar, " Friends, Romans, countrymen, and lovers," The speech had been familiar to me as a boy, and was the only train of consecutive sentences that occurred to me at the mo ment. Whether they were my own or Shakspeare's, I never stopped to deter mine. I felt that I must say something— that T must repeat some set of wcrds, and these were the first that occurred.. Mv trepidation and nervousness never allowed me to think one instant. I went through : the whole speech, and if it had been as long as the Iliad, no earthly power could have prevented me completing it. I was carried on irresistibly by the momentum of my .modesty. The company screeched with laughter, they stamped, they jumped, they threw themselves on the floor, and one young gentleman in the excess of his paroxysm of merriment overturned the table, decanters, glasses, and all. I rushed into the street like a madman. The two following incidents are singular manifestations of my infirmity One day I was -walking down St. James's Street, and a young lady, with whom my family was very intimate, rode up to speak to me. Whilst we were in the act of shaking hands, her horse put his foot on mine, and there it remained for the. ten minutes she continued speaking to me. 1 all but fainted when she rode off, and her charger had raised his cruel hoof ; and yet, , while the cruei brute had his foot on mine, I could not, for the soul of me, sum- mou. uiuifcti uuuiagc cumucut iu ten lug. lady the condition I was in, and to cause her hoi se to lift his leg — a kind of nerv-: ous, timid, modesty, prevented me. On another occasion 1 went to visit an'; old lady. — I had put off calling on her as long as decency would permit ; I could! postpoi e no further. The old lady, began' to upbraid' me, whilst I endea voured to mumble over . an; excuse as I best could. In "order completely to. pro pitiate her, I at the same time set about fondling and caressing a . parcel of dogs and' cats which were scattered very zoloo- gicallv about the room, and whose interests -it seemed necessary to secure, in order that, through their means, I might obtain a cordialreconciliation — 'but alas I for the shortsightedness of mortals; — the brutes received my favours in anything but a kindred spirit The cat, a cross-grained creature, met mir greetings with hostile claws, and left one hand a monument of feline, and, at the same time, most unprovoked wrath, — I never met with a more wanton attack, or a more cantankerous cat ; whilst the dog (Sweetlips was. bis name) closing very dogmatically his teeth on the other, held it there most doggedly for the remainder of the visit, no short, period, the old lady having got on the interminable subject of ihe Temperance Society, and my modesty not "allo wing me for a moment to harbour the thougnt of interrupting, her? Only imagine the predicament J was placed in, my hand . in the infernal pug's jaws, who kept up, the . while, a low grum bling noise, as if anticipating my wish to liberate myself, and indiguant that I should indulge so natural an aspiration : the old ladv, as deaf as a beetle, descant ing at the same time on the virtue of; tern r perance, occasionally recommending to my notice, the . sweet creatures, as she called the brute creation that- surrounded us, one of which . group of animals was most poignantly and tyrannically making me sensible of his presence. \ At length I could endure no longer.— Pain got the better of modesty ; and in a fit of desperation. ! seized the old lady's stick, and gave Sweetlips such a salute on the back that he all . hut . gave up the ghost. He gave up my hand at all events. —His jaws dropped. — In fact he was what )ou might call chop-fallen. You may suppose the confusion ; consequent upon this turn of affairs. , Ye gods: L what an uproar of dogs, cats, parrots, arid canary birds. The old lady was stupified. She' first looked at Sweetlips, who lay sprawling on' the 'floor without 'power to i, - - - - - :- . , .- I yelp ; she then cast a withering look at me. — I fled. "" _ . I come now to a very interesting,, but a very painful .passage in .rii!y, life.7--In my i twenty- fifth .year I had the misfortune; to ; fall desperately in love. The object of; admiration rvas extremely beautiful.'— This I am pretty confident of— -for thuugh I never looked direct in her iface, I have, seen, by the help; of an opera glass, her 'reflection in a mirror. Besides, the opi nion of every one confirmed rav judgment. She jvas. extremely amiable also, as I have heard, and- highly acco.iriplishedi : Our 1 intimacy lasted three years. l was aeepiy; — aevotecljy in lpvej . put how to riianifest mv regard and admira- : tiori I khfew rioL Indeed, I! believe. I should . never have stirred' further in the matter, but that the young\ lady being an heiress, my father was anxious for the match, I, also, as I - before mentioned was; .the representative of a handsome estate ; so the two fathers talked tbge- ther, arid it was settled between them; that I should pay my addresses to the young lady. This was rather too summary for me : however, having no will of my own, I of course did what I was ordered. The fatal day when I was to make my proposal arrived.. I scre wed - my courage to the. sticking-place. Gome,'' said I, "I am resolved to acquitroyself in a cre ditable manner ;"_.aud saying this, I threw out my chest, advanced one leg, and fold ing my arms, looked the. model, of. manly determination. " Yes," said I, " if i can but go on in- this spirit"-— The servant coming in at this moment, telling me thrit the carriage was waiting, somewhat disconcerted rue. Hriweyer, I rallied, and stepping into it, drove off to. Berkeley Square, the residence of the young lady. My coachman knocked-— " O Lord !": said I involuntarily.--1-! re buked myself. 1 alighted. . I was shown up stairs. I was ushered into the room. Miss D. was there alone by my own ap pointment. I went forwrird with a hurried " T roill ' lip. pn.nrairpiniB '' Raid I "I'll show her I can speak;" I cleared my voice, I put m;y hand on my breast,; and, throwing myself into an attitude that I trusted was an imposing one, I said- said I "This day is rather cold, yesterday was warmer, but the day before was very stormy nevertheless. Here the young lady burst into a con vulsive fit of laughter, and ran out of the room — I was deeply mortified. " Well," said I, "if she were here now, I wpuld settle matters at once, and ask the fatal question." The door opened. " She's here again," said I. I rushed,; over — I threw myself at her feet — I caught her hand : " Dear angelic beingJ,, said I, " pardon my infirmities, forgive my folly "; perhaps, if you knew me better, you would find something in me to value, i have, at least, the one merit of being able to appreciate your excellence. If a life, devoted utterly and entirely to your ser vice ; if a heart, throbbing with the ten- derest regard for your happiness, can be deemed worthy, your acceptance, take O dearest, loveliest of your sex (here my courage rose, aud I rose : too), take ! it ti youv own," — and, with a temerity that astonished me, I threw myself into the arms- of-1?— the great fat butler ! ! who, dressed in his white apron, I conceived all this time,- as L had not raised my. eyes from the ground, to be my charmer. Amazement was depicted on the fat butler" s face. He seemed Half amazed, half frightened.— -As for me, I got frantic, rushed forward as usual, knocking the fat butler head over heels. What took place nffprwards I wholly forsret.— I., have only a confused recollection of the huge body! of the butler rolling on the floor, in what appeared to promise endless rotation.— He may be rolling away, up to this moment, for aught I know, for I darted down, stairs,! dashed into, the street, and never saw Berkeley Square, or the fair cause of my disaster, again. To conclude; grieved,; chagrined, and disappointed, I left, town and went lo Cheltenham My friends said I must go to a boarding- house, and try ihe? effects, of- society in making me forget my. unfortunate attach-! ment — I passively, obeyed. I would .have given worlds not to go to the boarding-! house, but I had not nerve to oppose the! wishes of my family.. At this place I met a ladv who, before we were one week together, began to pay me the most unceasing attention. I should mention that she was about fifty years of age, I eight-and-twenty. She scarcely ever stirred from my side ; she talked incessantly to me, she haunted me, she worried riie. I began to conceive an utter aversion lo ber ; had it beeu in my nature to hale, I would have hated her, for she was unainiable, igriprant, officious, presuming, impertinent, and!, ugly. -At the end of . three , weeks, daring which time she never iceased tormenting me, she one day came into the drawing-room where I was silling in all , the; luxury of loneliness.. she advanced to me. arid will it be believed, without "any preiace or pre- ariibie, asked r«ne .!at once, in a shoirt, ab rupt, and decided tone of voice, plainly, unequivocally, and plumply, to marry her! I expostulated.— I supplicated.— I used -all my powers of dissuasion.— I sought every gentle means of expressing my disiriclinai tion to close with- her -proposition.- fcihe upbraided and scolded . me, said I ,;Yyas a. deceiver, an inconstant, threatened to fear her hair— also to swoon.. I begged her net to do so. — Slie said .she. would. " The company will-come in1" said I, " and my; nerves" — " I will faint," said the lady, doggedlj'— " Oh;? oh,.- oh!" cried1 she, making a kind .ufegurgling noise, in her throat- — " I'll die, I'll die." .1 ran. to her —I supported her, . At this moment the. door opened, and in came several of the boarders.: "Hob;! hoh !" said they, and (they kept;up " Ho- ho-ing'' ,for the whole evening, to my, utter discomfiiure. This scene was rte- repeated several times by the lady. The people ot the house , said if I were a per son of honour, I should marry her. — The lady said so too. Reader, I am married to the lady— but she lives in the West End, and / iaFimUcb F 