The Colonial Treasurer. Orders have been received from the Home Government to place Mr. Gregory and Mr. Spode, in the Executive Council. These orders however, we understand, are not to be obeyed, His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor having thought proper to intimate, that it is not his intention to summon Mr. Gregory,—or rather, he (the Lieutenant Governor) having thought proper to suspend him from the exercise of his duty, as an Executive Councillor. It was our intention to have gone at some length into the consideration of the propriety of such a step by the Lieutenant Governor, but can now only briefly allude to the subject. The plain facts of the matter appear to be these. The Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Gregory, having acted on the Distillery question, in accordance with what he considered to be his duty, as a sworn member of the legislature, gave great offence to His Excellency—the latter believing probably, that he, (the Colonial Treasurer) being a highly influential officer of his Government, was bound ty every consideration to support any measure, he. (the Lieutenant Governor) thought proper to propose. That he, (the Colonial Treasurer) as such, was to put aside his oath, sacrifice his own notions of right and wrong, and vote on every question as he might be directed by His Excellency's Government. This would indeed have been anadmirable position for a man, of any mind, to place himself in, and contemptible indeed must that creature be, who would so place himself. The Colonial Treasurer, at any rate, has shewn himself not one of these crawlers upon the stage of Colonial politics, and having dared to exercise a will of nis own, in what General Napier calls, "The Cock- a-doodle-doo-house—" of the people, he is placed under the ban of our displeasure. Really this is vastly fine, but somewhat unconstitutional, (if we may use such a term here) nevertheless, and as the lawyers would say notwithstanding. We have 'been many times asked if we are not astonished that it should be so, our reply is—certainly not, and we have also said occasionally, something more, which perhaps it may be as well, not to put in print. However, there is the Colonial Treasurer suspended from the excercise of his duty, and seeing him to be so situated without any known reasonable cause or excuse, we should indeed compromise our duty, did we not offer our comments upon the subject, now and hereafter. We are told that he is not suspended, but merely, not required to render his advice at the Council board, and that therefore, no official injury has been done him. This is truly an argument well worthy of the source from which it proceeds, and as it may be replied to with effect by either of the orderlies at Government-house, we leave it to find its refutation at the corner of any street. Mr. Gregory is suspended as an Executive Councillor by the very act of his summons being laid aside, until he has expressed his sorrow for having dared to think for himself, and until he fully understands that to be an agreeable efficient officer of a Colonial Government, he must, according to the opinions of some people, be a sneaking, crawling, sycophant, upon the stage of colonial politics,—a candle snuffer, \- coal-scuttle carrier, an anything- rather than . politically honest man. Really Sir. Gregory, you have been a long time in the civil service, and in several parts of the world, and have you not yet found out the correct bearings of such a question as this ? Independence of J mind indeed, political honesty of thought indeed, why you might as well expect to be fit to govern a nation, or a colony, with energy and effect, after a voyage to the North Pole. But, let us look back and see if it is not possible that there may not be some imaginary cause for Mr. Gregory's suspension; some premature birth of an idea apparently founded upon common sense,—some excuse for thus treating with contempt and indignity, a public officer who has never in any way made himself obnoxious, either in his public or private life. We think we have it here. It is in a Dispatch from Lord Glenelg to the late Governor of the Mauritius, Sir W. Nicholay, dated Feb. 14, 1839 ;—and again, on looking farther, we find t another ghost of an excuse in a Dispatch from Lord Glenelg to Sir Richard Bourke, dated in the month of August of the same year. The first refers to the obedience due by Executive officers to Colonial Governments,—and the second refers to the support which Executive officers are expected to give to the general measures and policy of the local Governments under which they act. The latter is also well worthy of perusal by Magistrates generally, because it refers to the right all Governors have for omitting their names, on the issue of fresh commissions. We will take the first Dispatch, and see how far the points to which Sir Nicolay's attention was directed, will bear upon Mr. Gregory's case:— Downing-street, February 18, 1836. SIR,—His Majesty's Government entertain the fullest confidence in your anxious desire and unremitting endeavours to carry into full effect the wishes and intentions of His Majesty towards all classes of his loyal subjects in the Mauritius, irrespective of origin, or colour, by securing to them the freest exercise of those rights to which they are entitled. I need scarcely add, that every office of your Government is bound to render you the mos prompt and efficient co-operation in obtaining this important end. Whether you have received such assistance at their hands, 1 am unable to decide. From your own silence oil the subject, I am led to presume that you have no complaint to make in that respect. The representations however to which I have referred, tend to a different conclusion. Considering the distance of Mauritius from this country, and other circumstances peculiarly affecting that Colony, I am convinced that the best security which can be adopted for the efficient and impartial discharge of their duties by executive officers, will he to place them more directly under your control. You will therefore understand that His Majesty authorises, and even requiresyou to demand from all the Principal Executive Officers of your Government, and especially from the Procoreur General and the Procoreur du Rot, a cordial adoption of your policy, and a cordial co-operation in carrying it into effect. These must be considered indispensible qualifications for such offices. Any gentleman who cannot concur in your policy and measures, must either be called on to resign his place, or must with unhesitating firmness be suspended from it, and replaced provisionally by th person who shall appear to you best qualified to discharge the duties of the office with advantage to the public interests, 'in the event of your beiua catted upon to exercise this power, you will ,not fail to re portjully to H. M. Government, with as little delay "" . . ^.j uim • yiuutiua - UH WIllVIl • - the removal oj any public officer has taken place. To obviate any possible misconstruction of my meaning, you should distinctly understand that this Despatch is not to be considered as conveying any implied or tacit instructions to supersede either the I rocoreur General or any other function- Zl'tTj?? be / eee "' ed sim P J y as authorising S y rf the °n J f 0Ur r Vn deliberate , co "- I am persuaded that you will acquit youself of this increased responsibility with discretion and firmness, and on the part of IL M. Government. I can assure you of the most liberal construction of your conduct, and of a zealous support in every measure which the welfare of the Colony, and the protection of all classes of His Majesty's subjects may require you to adopt. _ You will communicate this despatch to the Chief Executive Officers of Mauritius I have the honor, &c.; (Signed) GLENELG. Let us now look to the first passage in italics—vrhat does it mean more than that it being the desire of His Majesty's Government, that all classes of British subjects (without distinction of origin or colour) should have, as far as can be, equal law, and equal justice,—that every officer of Sir W. Nicholay's Government is bound to render him " the most prompt and efficient co-operation in obtaining this important end." This passage may be considered the text of that Dispatch;—the next marked also in italics, bears precisely on the same point, not as to questions of general policy. This part of the Dispatch applies, however, more particularly to the law officers of the Crown—because the question is one solely connected with the administration of public justice. The very term "such officers" implies as much. We have looked carefully at this Dispatch, and cannot understand that there is even one point in it which in reality bears upon the question of the suspension of Mr. Gregory. If this be one (as we hear it is) of Sir John Franklin's reasons for disobeying his home instructions, we wish him joy of the consequences of so reading them, and of so setting his Downing-street masters at defiance. The consequences will be seen liereafter, for, although they take strange liberties themselves with individuals, and with the public, they have hitherto not shewn any particular inclination to allow even Governors to think or act for themselves, and themselves only. In must be remembered that Mr. Gregory's oppositionwas not to a measure of Home, but Colonial policy. We think His Excellency has forgotten this distinction, fancying that all his measures would, as a matter of course, meet with the approval of Her Majesty's Government. We should have thought that the triumph of Captain Maconochie, and the attention paid to his representations in that matter might have shewn him that "all is not gold that glitters." However, we will now pass to the second Dispatch,—what does that say that will bear a reference to Mr. Gregory's case? We can only insert an extract, in fact the remainder of this Slate paper has only an allusion to Justices of the Peace, who may be disposed to dictate to a Chairman, or to a Secretary, or to a Governor, or to any other of the never-do-wvong family. Of course, to these mere Justices of the Peace, no consideration was necessary, and how it happened that those particularly referred to in this Dispatch, were not summarily punished, we know not. It is quite evident, that they deserved it, for they had dared to think for themselves, and to put the substance of what they had thought upon paper. The extract runs thus:— " I am persuaded of your entire concurrence in my opinion, respecting the nature and extent of the deference to be required from the Ministerial officers under your authority, and that jou would disavow with sincerity any wish to reduce them to servile support of your administration. The distinction which prevails, and is acknowledged in this country, may properly be transfered to New South Wales. As no member of Her Majesty's government, holding a political and confidential employment, can with reason claim to retain office any longer than he can conscientiously, and cordially support the general r course of policy pursued by the Chief Minister t of the Crown, so, in the Colony under your government no person is entitled to continue in any of those high and confidential places which entitle him to a participation in your Councils, and which make him essential as an agent in your measures, unless lie can render that support witli zeal and constancy." The rest of the Dispatch refers, as we before observed to " subordinate officers" Justices of the Peace, and others, who, "should they place themselves in hostility to the administration under which they act, cannot reasonably complain if they be visited with the penalty of such imprudencc." Now what is there in the above having reference to the " imprudence" evinced by Mr. Gregory, who, rather than commit gross perjury, having sworn to do his duty as a Legislative Councillor, thought proper to think and t act independently, and thus to place himsell' in hostility with the administration under which he acted ? Surely the Despatch means, that should a high and influential officer place himself in e opposition to the general measures and policy of the Governor, he (the Governor) was to sus*- pend P < him ; but JU 1 " t .' e let . t 113 us se see . e llow how do . does e , s th this ', s ^ospatdl b ?S m? 15 lt ,lot Des- — h bating that the Go- , V ? rn °'' ls not to rC( l uu ' e th e servile support of Ins officers—and ... if so, ' does it, * can it by J any possibility mean that every measure he may proper to believe likely to promote the welfare—(measures of colonial policy we mean, such as the Distillation question for instance)—is to meet their universal, unqualified approbation ? If the latter was intended, P uWic if the Legislative Councillors were required by Lor d G^nelg to act as the mere Fantoccini of colo i ? les t ' h ?» mdeed 14 ,s ^ we envy . ,? n the C01ltrai 7> as the term " sei ' vile " implies, members are permitted to act accor < iing to their consciences—provided do not ^J' place themselves in hostility or opposition to the general policy of the Governor, he has no right, no reason, no excuse, for suspending them from those duties to which they. have been called by the Home Government In our opinion, in Mr. Gregory's case, this is evident. The result will be seen. We have only space further to observe that (/"His Excellency has a right, founded upon propriety, to suspend the Colonial Treasurer from his duties as an Executive Councillor, he ought further to exercise it by suspending him also from his office altogether. A man who is attempted to be degraded in one room, ought not to be imposed upon by an appearance of official respect, in another. In the Executive Comicil he has a right to a s at as an adviser of the Queen's Representative, whether his advice is required, or not, and if from that station he is excluded, he ought not for one instant to be expected to do any kind of inferior official duty. To require it from him is dishonoring the Government, the Legislative Council, and the community generally, who are now looking to the result of this question, with very considerable interest. THE HON. HENRY ELLIOT This most respectable branch of the English aristocracy, leaves the Colony in the Calcutta. He takes with him the best wishes of every class of society for his future prosperity and happiness. Let him continue to evince'the same gentlemanly deportment towards every grade of his fellow man—the same willingness to promote the welfare, and enjoyment of others, as lie has shewn during his three years residence in this Colony, and we doubt not of his being throughout life, an honor to liis name and country. In the situations of Private Secretary, and Aide-decamp, he has shewn a respect for himself seldom seen about a Colonial Court. We cannot conclude this brief notice of his intended departure, without expressing a hope that he may, on his arrival in England, be employed (if such be his desire,) at one of the Foreign Courts, where his conciliatory manners may be of ser-. vice to his country. MR. T. Y. LOWES' ENTERTAINMENT Too much praise cannot be given to Mr. and Mrs. Lowes, for their hospitable entertainment on Monday last, at Glenorchy. About 500 persons were hospitably received during the day, in tents appropriated to their comfort and refreshment. About 150 persons sat down to a splen- did dinner, and the dancing was kept up until the morning. Cricket, rifle- shooting, quoits, and universal harmony and satisfaction was the order of the day. We recommend others, who have the means, to stir up the same inclination to be liberal and social. There is more real patriotism, and good sense, evinced in one of these Meetings, than there is in ten thousand speeches at Temperance Societies, or professions of a desire to benefit the community. THE GUERNSEY PEA We regret, not having before this, recommended the Guernsey pea, grown by Mr. Sherratt, the schoolmaster, at the top of Argyle-street, to public notice. Ihe stem from one pea, rises very thin for about two feet, when it swells to 'six inches round, and runs up to H feet high. We counted upon one stem, 200 pods, with an average of five peas in each. It is a white pea, not a grey one, as lias been represented, and of fine flavor when boiled. It may be sown with profit in August, and January, by which two crops in each year will be secured. Mr. Sherratt charges (id. for each pea. We wish him a good return for the valuable vegetable he lias been the means of introducing to the Colony. CONTRACTS—We call the attention of our readers to the wheat contracts talien, which are published in the Gazette notices this day. HOBART TOWN MARKETS In wheat there is, as yet, scarcely anything doing the price may be quoted at from HK to 12s. per bushel. Potatoes have been in great demand for the Sydney market; they have in consequence advanced to £7 per ton. Other articles at last week's quotation. LAUNCESTON MARKETS Wheat Ss. to 10s., flour £32 per 2000 lbs., first quality Laun- ceston Advertiser. The following notice appears in a late Sydney gazette:— " Notice dated the 21st instant, requiring all Convicts who by trade are Compositors, whether in the service of individuals or Government, to report themselves immediately to their Masters or Superintendents, and to state their name=, ships, and year of arrival. Masters are to report them to J. M'Lcan, Esq., Superintendent, Assignees will be supplied with other convicts in the room of compositors." EXTRAORDINARY WHEAT Mr. Muniford, gardener of Boston, has now in cultivation a most extraordinary species of wheat, such as is not to be found in any other part of the country. The ears average about nine or ten inches in lengl li, and the straw about an inch and a quartet in circumference. One peck of seed is amply sufficient for an acre, the yield from which is truly astonishing. Notwithstanding the high winds and heavy rains which have prevailed, this surprising wheat has not sustainad the 'least injury. The whole of the present crop is the produce of a single grain, which was sown by Mr. Mumford three years ago—B oston Herald. NEGRO POPULATION.—The negro population of Africa is supposed to amount to very near a hundred millions. In America the negro race n?ay be taken at eight millions ; the European at twenty—Q uarterly Review. 