ISAAC CHEEK, TKE "3HAK OP WAX-" . ( Continued.) Chapter VIII. ''Well, Mr. Pops, you have made a pretty business of ;it," said Cheek ; the couple having housed themselves at a new inn. "I have vindicated the dignity of my art, said "ops, depositing his elbow the table ad hi$ brow in his palm. " if Mr. Cox should discharge you?" "Mv honour is without a wound," hastily. interrupted Michael Angelo. " What s the use of one's honour being sound, with no money in one's pocket, and a hole in one's shoe?" asked the practical Isaac. . " That, people will be so extravagant — I may say so- unprincipled, as to indulge themselves in ' honour when they can't afford the .commonest neces saries ! It's a conceit I hate." " To be called a scoundrel — a dealer in wax" dolls — a" — " But — for all you said to the contrary — the wine was unobjectionable," urged Cheek. " I felt it," said Pops, broodiug oyer the injury, "in my heart's blood." "And so did I." sighed Cheek; "I'm sure I could have taken a good skinful of it.". " Mr. Cheek, there are insults of which a man of genius is particularly susceptible. It isn t your fault if you can't understand them." " I thank heaven,. I've more sense !" said Cheek with dignity. "To be sure, it's no matter for the genius itself, but it's devilish hard upon the reasonable people who may travel with it." "Hard!" exclaimed Pops, with the corners of his mouth lowered to his chin. " Mr. Cheek, associated as you and I are, do ycu know what we resemble ?" Cheek shook his head. . " I'll tell you, Mr. Cheek — a bat, sir — a bat. You are the mouse lifted by my wings." " All the worse for the mouse," said Cheek, with more than usual sensibility — the mouse is much better leu alone in Bis cheese than when flying about upon leather. One eats and gets fat all the year round — the other flits here and there for a few weeks, then goes to sleep for the rest of the twelvemonth to save him self from starving. Oh ! I'd rather be a four- legged fat cupboard mouse, with hacon and fine old Cheshire, than a mouse, of what you call genius, upon wings flying at gnats and spiders." Pops replied not, hut threw up a heavy sigh. " And now, will your genius tell how we are to get the murderer? After your behaviour, Mr. .Mayor will never let you into gaol." " No matter," said Pops mysteriously. "No matter ! we can't show ourselves to Cox without him.: and how will you get his figure ?" " If the worst comes to the worst," re plied Pops, — " by inspiration." Cheek stared, for a moment doubting the sanity of the artist. " Did you never hear of portraits painted, statues made, nay, even hooks written about, when neither the people nor the books were ever seen or read ? And what do you call the faculty 4'nat effects this ?"' said Pops. "Swindling," said Cheek. " Inspiration," declared Pops. " Humph !" observed the sluggish Cheek : " no doubt a good deal of money is made by it, call it what you will. For zmy part"— — Here the speaker was broken in upon "by a message trom Mr. Mayor, who, guided hy the shrewd advice of Mr. Town Clerk, brought to the artist a permission to visit the gaol. There was a wisdom in this, worthy of imitation by even higher autho rities than the mayor of : the privi lege, so gracefully granted, stopped the mouth of gossip that otherwise might have blabbed the equivoque which, had made Pops and Cheek visitors at the board of Mr. Mace. The features of Pops brightened, and he bent himself backwards like a bow as he received the grateful intelligence. " You "see,'' he_ said to Cheek: — " you see that An some minds professional spirit is not thrown away." " No— no," said Cheek— I must say it," and he stooped to pat the artist on the shoulder, — "I must say it, you be haved like a prince — a lad of proper metal." " No time is to be lost," cried Pops airily; and, accompanied by his admiring companion, he took his way to the gaol. The permission of Mr. Mayor had forerun their appearance at the gate, which, turn ing on its harmonious hinge, admitted them to the prison. They were shown the way into the courtyard by one of the turnkeys — a fellow who looked a part of the stone building gifted with motion. " There you'll find your man," said he, pointing to the area, which they had scarcely entered ere they heard a loud yell, and looking round, saw a man beat ing a boy, who published in sharp treble the castigation. " You cruel little scoundrel — bow would you like it ? Suppose I pulled off your legs, eh ?" and the speaker, a tall, rather good-looking man, raised his hand over the boy, who shouted for mercv, and pro mised better behaviour. " A little savage ! ' said the man, letting the urchin escape, who bounded into the prison, nodding maliciously at his assailant, fixing his thumh at his jugular, and accompanying the gesture with a quick "cluck" of the tongue. " An impudent rascal ! said Cheek.— " Pray; what has he done ?" meaning what had brought him there. " Look,' said the man, showing a j crushed fly, " this is the third I've taken from him to-day." " But what is he in here for ?" " He was found getting over an orchard with. some, apples on him — a young .gallows-bird." " Can you tell me," said Pops, having vainly endeavoured to discover the blood- shedder, " can you tell me where is Keinpi he murderer?" " My name is Kemp," said the champion of butterflies. " I beg your pardon," cried Pops, flat teringly — " I didn't mean" " Don't mention it," said Kemp with the most civil composure, " you only speak according to the indictment." " I am," — proceeded Pops, assured by the ease of the culprit—" I am an artist of, 1 may say, some reputation. You are possibly aware, Mr. Kemp, that some ignorant people have a prejudice against their likeness being taken." 'f Yes- — they think they shan't live long afterwards," observed the prisoner, cross ing his legs and arms, and leaning against the wall. " Well, sir, I hope I am above any thing of that sort." " I could perceive that, Mr. Kemp, at the first glance. Here, a man of superior habits is soon distinguished. It is the : wish; sir, of many patrons of art — and I assure you, we number many of the nobi lity, gentry, and clergy — to perpetuate your portrait. Aud as life, Mr. Kemp," said. Pops with admirable delicacy — " as with the best, I should say as with the healthiest of us, life is uncertain, perhaps yon would have no objection to favour me with a sitting as— as soon as your present engagements permit." " And what am 1 to get for it?" said Kemp. " To certain minds, posthumous fame, Mr. Kemp, cannot be a slight reward for a little condescension on this side the grave. Your refusal will, I am convinced, cause the liveliest disappointment to the public at large, whilst your acquiescence will add a gen> to our collection that"— " Collection! Oh! then there's to be more beside myself?" " The most admirable collection that — but I beg your pardon, Mr. Kemp — this gentleman is the proprietor," and Pops introduced Cheek. Kemp held forth his hand, whilst Cheek — in compliance with the nods and signs of the artist — advanced his fingers as though he was about to put them into a rat-trap. His blood turned to cold water, and he gasped again as Kernp, not insensible of the disgust, kept squeezing the hand of the proprietor. Pops observed the malicious enjoyment of the culprit, and the terror of Cheek. To create a diversion he therefore adroitly offered to Mr. Kemp the catalogue of figures already in course of exhibition. " W ell,' » said the prisoner, putting aside the proffered pamphlet with his hand — " let me hear if there are any of my friends among them — that is, if I have ever heard of any of 'em. Because com pany's every thing." Pops commenced reading with the most confident air; trolling over the tongue the names of statesmen and heroes, poets and members of parliament. Closing the golden list, he cast a triumphant look at the murderer. " And now, Mr. Kemp, what say you — what say you to such names?" " Upon my soul," said Kemp, " before this moment, I never heard of one of "em." 1 " And did you never hear of' and Pops ran through the catalogue of cele brated assassins. " That's quite another thing," said Kemp, " where do you think I've lived not to have heard of them ?" " Well, Mr. Kemp, if you will but oblige us, I can promise you a capital niche between — let me see — oh ! between Mr. Wesley, the famous dissenting mini ster, and — and" " That can't be, sir— no, that can't be ; any where else — for I trust to die a mem ber of the Established Church." " Any such scruples, Mr. Kemp," said Pops, " shall be most delicately considered. By the way, do you smoke ? ' " And chew," said the prisoner. " A little tobacco, then, might not be offensive," and Pops graciously presented a packet of the odorous weed to the cap tive, who, deigning no word, accepted.the gift and turned away. " A very civil fellow," said Pops. " But to shake me by the hand !" cried Cheek. " As I'am alive, I feel quite sick." " It's nothing— nothing ; all in the way of aft," said the philosophic Pops. " Don't talk to me — I — feel as if my hand was covered with blood — and" " He'll make an admirable subject," ex claimed the rapt professor. " It seems to me a stain npon ray hand that I can never wipe away," cried Cheek, loathingly. " He'll bring a great deal of money," said Pops. " Do you think so ?" said Cheek. " An immense deal of money— my re putation on the fact," asseverated Pops. " For a murderer— be is — after all — a — a decent sort of fellow," cried Cheek ; " and you really think he'll attract ?" " As sure as fate !" " Well, well — we mus'n't be too hard upon people in his situation — I dare say he meant it as a compliment, and" and, without finishing his sentence, Cheek became closely reconciled to the tainted hand, for he put it in his pocket. " Art, Mr. Cheek, is above thi pre judices of society. A man who loves his art, will go any where for an expression. I know, sir, I know very well that this is called low by fine gentlemen, who describe life from drawing-room windows. That's not my way, sir — if you'd give the real thing, sir, you must see it — put your hand upon it — breathe the air of it— live in it. As for any thing else, you might as soon hope to learn Chinese by drinking tea. But here is the mud — I beg his pardon — here is Mr. Kemp." We are convinced that it was nothing but the high and deep devotion of Pops to his art that compromised his natural horror of the murderer into the exactest civility towards Mr. Kemp. A fashion able portrait- painter could not be more complimentary, more considerate towards the little whims of his sitter, than was Pops towards the ruffian of — gaol. Thus, when the assassins re-appeared in the court-yard, with a lighted pipe, blow ing clouds of the eleemosynary tobacco, , Pops approached him with all the grace ||m in— watMMMaamiia— of which he was capable, asking — " Well, j Mr. Kemp — and howisit? — to your liking, I hope ?" " A little too mild — but quantity will make up for quality." said the smoker. " It shall — it shall," replied Pops, quickly apprehending the hint conveyed. — " And— as delays are dangerous — could you spare half-an-hour ?" — And Pops ap pealed most dulcetly to his consideration. " With all the pleasure in life," replied Mr. Kemp, and led the way to his cell. One of the keepers cast a look of ferocitv at Pops, who, alive to the appeal, placed a dollar in his band, and walked on. " You wouldn't wish to be taken smok ing ?" said the artist, about to commence his labours. " Why — d — n it, I don't think a pipe improves the face," said Kemp, being unconsciously of the same opinion as Minerva. " But after all, Mr. Pops, what does it matter, when Thom Kemp is come to this ?" and knocking the bowl of the pipe against his thumb-nail, the ashes fell upon the stones. " We should have some regard to posterity, Mr. Kemp. The decencies of life are not to be forgotten even at our last moments." " There— will that do ?" asked Kemp, placing himself in an attitude, having first laid down the pipe. " That would do admirably," replied the arti9t, " only I have a Henry the Eighth in exactly the same position. If, now, Mr. Kemp, you could throw yourself into the attitude in which you committed the" — Kemp glared at him — " the most interesting act of your life — I should take it as a most lasting favour. It might perhaps bring out the muscles in a way that should prove an agreeable novelty. You must not think me pressing — but the truth is, in the exhibition of such subjects we are compelled to be very careful — the Theatres run us so confoundedly hard; there's no keeping a — a — piece of strong nature to one's self for 'em. Thank you," said Pops, bowing profoundly, as Kemp placed himself. " Flattery apart, I do think, Mr. Kemp," you'll matte a great sensation." " Upon my life, I think so — and I never compliment," said Cheek, with the air of a patron. " It's unfortunate that we shall miss the Midsummer holydays — otherwise the young ladies would have abounded." "You think so? Well, to be sure," and the speaker grew an inch, " Tom Kemp has had his bits of luck in his day." " Why there's , and , and said Pops, naming a few of the illustrious infamous — " they're especial favourites with the boarding- schools. Though we've got Lord Byron in his Greek cap, aud Mr. Hume with the Ready Reckoner from his own library, they stand no chance — a little more to the left — thank you, Mr. Kemp; no, they stand no chance with them." " I suppose we are all in one room ?" asked Kemp, anxious for the future where about of his image. "We scorn to make any difference. You'll be in admirable company. No — there's just the same fame for you as for the best of 'em : if you'd fouud out a new world, you'd have had no bit the better place." For three days Pops continued at his task, and succeeded in obtaining a living likeness of one who was about to become the late Thomas Kemp. Every day Pops narrated to Cheek — who refused to pay a second visit to the prison — his professional success : the head was finished the very day before the trial of the prisoner came on. As, however, the whole facts of the case, from the death-blow to the execution and hanging in chains (the fetters being the gift of Mace the Mayor), are to be embodied in a play for one of the national theatres, we will not wipe the bloom from what is expected to be the greatest dra- matip novelty of the season, by any detail of the matter. Enough for us to say, that Kemp was convicted on the clearest evi dence. On the evening of his conviction, Pops —who had won the heart of the head- turnkey by a promise to model his wife's child — gained access to the prisoner. We are not ourselves in all hours, says the adage ; and Kemp had evidently been pat out of temper by the address of the judge. To shorten our tale, Pops returned to his inn like a man possessed. " What's the matter?" cried Cheek — " my dear Michael, what ails you ?" " Ails me? — a ruffian — that I — an artist — I — who have modelled kings — made a dozen princes — that I" " What is the matter ?" " That villain Kemp !" exclaimed Pops, choking with indignation. " Good God ! he's not acquitted !" cried Cheek, presaging a lost attraction. " Not so bad as that — but my head ! — would ybu believe that he has insulted my head !" "Struck you!" asked Cheek, very calmly. " I mean — my head of his head ? Would you think it — you saw the man-now, would you believe' that human vanity could, be so base — you saw the fleshy pimple on the left side of his nose ?" " I remember— almost as big as a pea," said Cheek. " Bigger, much bigger, Mr. Cheek ; and so I modelled it — when the villain swore that I was a bungler — an ass — a fool that wanted to disgrace him in the eyes of the world,, to scandalize him in the grave, and so paying he seized his head and dashed it down upon the stones. Never mind, Mr. Cheek, it's all here, in two days you shall see the head again. Yes, he swore that I had enlarged the pimple out of pure malice." " Then he objected" " He objected lo nothing but the pimple He didn't mind standing with the knife in his hand with which he had done the murder — nay, before the trial he had sold me the very clothes he wore when he killed the man — every thing from hat to shoes ; and with the very weapon, in his identical clothes, he consented to go down to posterity, but he swore that his ghost should haunt me if I dared to pat upon his nose a pimple." " It was hardly as big as a pea," said the aggravating Cheek. " 1 say, Mr. Cheek, much bigger — -but whether bigger or less, is not now the point ; he has insulted me — the artist — and curse me if I don't give him a pimple as big as a marble !" We regret this expression on the part of Pops ; hut we must beg of the reader his most liberal extenuation for the many coarse and vulgar subjects which had, doubtless, narrowed the mind of the artist. If he had been capable of rising to the dignity of historian or biographer of great men, elevated by the task, it is impossible that, out of personal spite, he could have magnified a little pea into a large marble. Historians and biographers are incapable of such meanness. (' To be continued.) 