The Literary Record. A ROW IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. A PERIODICAL has lately made its appearance in London, entitled “ The Life and Adventures of Valentine Fox, the Ventriloquist,” which describes many whimsical and amusing scenes, in which the ventriloquist took a part. It is well known, that the Members of the House of Commons at times take it into their heads to throw everything into confusion, to the utter exclusion of all business of either one kind or another. A scene of this kind, at which the ventriloquist was present, and of which indeed he was the principal cause is, thus described :— Two members, who happened to take opposite views of the question which was before the House, got rather warm in their discussions, till at last a remark fell from one of them who had the appearance of a statesman in miniature, regarding buffoonery, which at once rose the choler of the honorable gentleman opposite. He therefore rose apparently in a state of great ex- citement, and demanded whether the observation regarding buffoonery, was intended to apply to him personally. “ If it were,” said the honorable member, with a swell of indignation, “ I hurl back the insinua- tion with scorn ! I am no t a man to be with im- punity insulted by any dirty ”—(order ! order ! chair ! chair !) “ The good sense,” observed the Speaker, “ by which the conduct of the honorable member is so distinguished, will enable him to perceive that the course he is now pursuing is not strictly in order.” “ I am willing,” cried the honorable and indig- nant member, “ to pay all due defference to the chair ; but in the strongest terms the forms of the house will allow, will I denounce any vagabon- dizing, dirty”— The extraordinary force with which he swung his arm around, in order to give full effect to the last word, caused the honorable member, who had m e vEng- evidently dined, to fall heavily upon the members below him. This occurrence of course produced a loud burst of merriment, which had scarcely subsided, when Valentine, whose feelings od con- 5 tempt had been aroused, cried “ buffoo !” who had assumed the voice of the excited statesman, who onvicts had spoken before. The members at this moment looked with astonishment at each other, for they did not expect that from him. “ I am sorry,” said the speaker in his blandest tone, without noticing the contortions of the member who had fallen ; “ I am sorry to be com- pelled to observe that such language is disorderly in the extreme.” The honorable member then rose to explain : “ If sir,” said he, “ If it be imagined that I gave utterance to the offensive expression, which has called for that remark, I can assure you that it is altogether a mistake, for upon my honor I did not.” “ I certainly did conceive,” said the Speaker, “ that the expression proceeded from the honorable member ; but if—” “ It did—it did !” shouted several honorable members. “ No, no !—it did not ! ” shouted several others, who were equally sure it did. “ I have certainly no desire to interfere in this matter,” said an honorable Member who had a remarkable profile, and whose bushy hair was flowing luxuriantly down his back, “ but I heard the honorable member distinctly make ──” Cries of “ no, no ! ” from one part of the house, and loud cheers from the other, effectually drowned this honorable member’s voice. Again he en- deavoured to make himself heard, and again, but was again and again interrupted, until at length he cried aloud in a voice of desperation. “ You will not hear me now, but the time will come when you SHALL hear me ! Yes, the time will come when you SHALL !” “ Sir,” said an honorable and gallant member, who appeared to have been in the heat of some sanguinary battle, “ if it did not proceed from the honorable member, I should like to know from whom it could proceed ?—Is there in this house another member with such a voice ?” “ Hear, hear !” exclaimed an honorable mem- ber, who prided himself upon his long top-boots and the bare-faced integrity of principle. “ Hear, hear, hear !” shouted another honorable member, whose small twinkling eyes imparted lustre to a remarkably full-blown countenance, of which the naturally good-humoured expression was spoiled by some rather malicious feeling, which appeared to be in the ascendent. “ Is not the honorable and gallant member satisfied ?” inquired the honourable member who had been accused . “ Is not my word of honour sufficient ?” “ Of course,” replied the honorable and gallant member ; “ the forms of this house will not allow me to suppose it even possible for any honorable member to be guilty of a deliberate falsehood.” “ Do you mean to impute deliberate, falsehood to me ?” shrieked the honorable member in ques- tion, who, as the reply was “ I certainly heard it,” attempted to rush from the house with what was supposed to be an extremely cold-blooded design, for the Speaker’s attention was called imediately to the fact by an obviously important personage, who might in Greece have been mistaken for King Otho incog. “ Does he mean to impute deliberate falsehood to me ?” cried the honorable member again, as his friends were doing all in their power to exorcise the rampant little devil that was within him. “ The honorable and gallant member,” observed the speaker, “ I am sure, will peceive the neces- sity for doing that which the house has a right to demand. ” But the honorable and gallant gentle- man stubbornly kept his seat, member after member rose to beg of him to withdraw the offen- sive imputation ; but his inflexibility was heroic ! He knew, of course, that he should be compelled either at once to retract or to languish until he did in the custody of the sergeant, who, with that peculiar courtesy for which he had ever been distinguished, would have been but too happy to af- ford him every accommodation ; but he felt that his reputation for courage might be perilled, un- less he firmly held out till the last. The Speaker rose again and again to DEMAND—in his peculiarly bland manner—the withdrawal of that expression which had given so much pain ; but nothing could move the honorable and gallant gentlemen, until a personage with beautifully tinted cheeks proceeded to make well-understood motion, when he de- clared, what he could not before have declared, without involving his honor, that in imputing de- liberate falsehood to the honorable member, he meant nothing at all personally offensive, and here the matter ended. An attempt was now made to recall the atten- tion of honorable members to business ; but as the majority of them manifested a strong disin- clination to attend to anything of the sort, Valen- tine resolved upon releasing that majority from their legislative functions for the night. Accordingly, just as a prosy individual, who had evidently placed a written speech in his hat, was trying to pick up the thread of the debate, Valentine throwing his voice under one of the galleries, cried,“ Question !” “ Why, that is the question !” said the honorable member, who was compelled again to look at the speech in his hat. “ Let it be read by the clerk !” shouted Valen- tine, in an assumed voice from under the gallery. “ Order, order, order, !” said the Speaker. “ Aye, give it to the clerk !” cried two or three juvenile senators. “ Question ! question,” and the cry on one side of the house becoming general, the hon. member indignantly resumed his seat. At this moment two honorable members rose together, and the calls for both became general and loud. Both seemed extremely anxious to speak, and neither felt disposed, for some time, to give way. At length, however, one of them yeilded ; but he had no sooner done so, than Va- lentine shouted out, “ Down !” which shout found at least a hundred echoes, for in an instant nothing but “ down ! down ! down !” could be heard. The honorable gentleman, however, still stood firmly, and folded his arms with a look of defiance which seemed to enrage about fifty other honorable members who had previously been silent, but who now appeared to have caught a very sudden and severe cold, for they began to cough and sneeze with unspeakable violence. No sooner had this coughing and sneezing been added to the loud shouts of “ down !” than se- veral honourable gentleman favored the company with a little bowling ; and then admirable imita - tions of the languages peculiar to certain in- teresting zoological curoisities, and then mingling cries of “ order !” “ shame !” and “ bravo !” and then a very violent clapping of hands, and then loud and apparently hysterical laughter, until at length there arose a mass of hideous sounds to which nothing could be comparable save those which might proceed from a den in which five hundred maniacs were battling with a corres- ponding number of very wild beasts. Valentine had no idea that a storm could have been raised so soon ; indeed be never imagined that such a storm as that could have been raised there at all ; but as it had been raised, he very quietly proceeded to analyse the body of sound by separating the various little interesting noises of which it was composed. Open one of these, benches sat a couple of highly intellectual individuals who were naming the Speaker for the next harmony, by knocking him down for a “ jolly good song,” and behind them an honorable member was seriously engaged in whetting the ghost of a knife upon a spectral grindstone. A short distance from him sat a statesman promoting the prosperity of the country in general, and the interest of his constituents in particular, by buzzing through his teeth in limita- tion of that notorious hurdy-gurdy which won’t go to more than one tune, and that in its infancy might have been, it is utterly impossible to determine ; for, having been played for so many years, it appears now to have been almost in the universe might have envied. By his side sat a senator resolved on upholding the dignity of the crown by playing what, by a stretch of the imagination, he had conceived to be a regular trombone, and immediately above him one who might have been a Premier in embryo, was drawing a lot of imaginary corks. Several aristocratic individuals under the gallery, who ought to have had “ ears pierced” painted over the doors of their respective residences, were whistling with the shrillness of gods, while a merry old boy who had several slips of paper stuck under the collar of his coat, was playing what he conceived, for that particular occasion, to be a Jew’s harp, which, as a mere matter of justice it must be admitted, he managed with senatorial subtlety and tact. On one of the back benches s&t; a row of individuals, who being determined to support the agricultural interest by “ a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether,” had imagined that they were hauling up an extremely heavy anchor, and as each had his arms around the waist of his victim immediately before him, they pulled each other backwards and forwards in a line, shouting oat with great energy “ yeo heave ho !” The great point of attraction, however—that which tended more than all to inspire Valentine with the conviction that he was then in the midst of the collective wisdom of the nation, inasmuch as those around him knew how to do everything —was a section of politicians who had formed themselves into a sort of a knot, and who not only seemed quite resolved to do all in their power to contribute to the harmony of the evening, but who absolutely did, to a sensible extent, succeed in swelling the general sound. One was striving to obtain justice for Ireland, by braying in the most natural manner possible : another was saving the country from revolution by squealing “ a week ! week !” in humble imitation of a juvenile pig oppressed : a third was avenging the insults offered to the British flag by an extraordinary efforts to crow like a cock : a fourth was sustaining the integrity of the empire by imparting an idea of the sound of a French horn : a fifth was supporting the es- tablished church by shouting perpetually, “ Yoiks ! Tallyho !” a sixth, pledged to procure the abolition of military torture, was showing precisely how cat calls to cat : a seventh was endeavouring to put an end to the sanguinary civil war in Spain by converting his own hat and that of a statesman immediately before him into a couple of kettle drums, which he certainly continued to bear with an energy that “ nothing else could match :” an eighth, who had been pledged to the abolition of the slave trade, was engaged in giving effect to a popular air : while a ninth was endeavouring to impress upon the house the necessity of an immediate extension of the suffrage by imparting to all around what he concerned to be a highly correct notion of the moral and physical effects of hydrophobia. In vain the Speaker, during these irregular pro- ceedings, tried to show that such conduct was not exactly consistent with the character of a deliberative assembly. In vain he strove to direct the attention of the honorable members to the fact that the interests and the feelings of the country in general could not be thus really represented ; he thundered forth “ Order ! ” and rose twenty times to enforce it in vain : his presence was unheeded, his authority contemned : and he therefore sank back in his chair to view the scene with mingled feelings of indignation and sorrow. Valentine felt for the old gentleman, for he appeared to be shedding tears ; and being therefore determined to put an end to these proceedings if possible, he took advantage of a moment when the throats of those who composed the first assembly of gentle- men in the world displayed symptoms of exhaus- tion, and sent a most extraordinary cry of “ Shame !” into one of the reflectors, which appeared for the moment to be under some supernatural influence, and which caused the majority of the senators below to look up with an expression of astonish- ment. As the noise became in consequence, somewhat subdued, Valentine raised another sepulchral cry of “ Shame,” which was heard with far greater distinctness than the first, and which induced the indentical old gentleman who had been playing the imaginary Jew’s harp, and who was evidently indignant at this strange interruption, to rise with the view of directing attention to an extraordinary fact—one of which he really appeared to have had no previous knowledge—namely, that of there being strangers in the gallery ! The very mo- ment this honourable gentleman rose, a loud burst of laughter drowned every other sound : for the whole house perceived that an humble petition had been cut into slips, and not only secured by the collar of his coat, but stuck firmly with wafers all over his back, reaching even below his expansive coat tails. Of this the honourable member was of course unconscious ; but as his object had been gained in so far that the noise had been renewed, he very quitely sat down with the view of playing a few more popular and in- teresting tunes with the instrument which he conceived he held tightly between his gums. He was, however, soon interrupted again, for an honourable member who had made many ineffec- tual attempts to obtain a hearing, taking advantage of a temporary suppression of noise, rose to move an adjournment. The motion was followed by shouts of “ No, no !” and a really extraordinary species of yelling ; but as the honourable member declared that he was determined to take the sense of the house—to the utter astonishment of Valen- tine, who could not conceive where the sense could be found—the adjournment was agreed to to without a division, and the immediate rush towards the door was tremendous. 