WDe ftitmrg BrcorO* MASTER HUMPHREYS CLOCK. , (so. IV,) WASTER nCMPHREF FKOM HIS CliOCK-6IDE ' ','." THE CUIMSET-CUBNKII. : companion-tells me it is midnight The fireglo*s brightly, crackling with a sharp • and -cheerfulsoucdas if it lovcdtn burn The inerry cHcket on tlie health (my constant ^isior), this ruddy blaze, nay dock, and I, seem to share the world among us,at.d to lie the only things awake I lie wind, hi^h and \- boisterous but now, has died away and hoarsely mutters In her bleep, f love all tune- and •seasons each in its tur ; i, and am apt perhaps ^ think the present one the best, but past or coming I always love this peaceful time of night, when long buried thoughts, favoured by ll»e gloom and Alienee, steal from their graves and haunt the scenes of faded happiness and hope. i-.. Tbe popular faith in ghosts has a remarkable ; fflBiiity-with the whole current of our thoughts , a^-such an hour as this, and seems to be l heir neee&sary; and natural consequence. For who can wonder that man .-hould feel a vague belief In tales of disembodied spirits wacdering through those places which they once dearly affected, when he himself, scarcely less separated from his old world than they, is for ever lingering upon past emoti.ns and by-gone times, aud hovering, the ghosf of his "farmer self, about the places and people that warmed • his heart of old ? It is thus that at this quiet ' litiur lhaunt the house where I was born, the u rooms I used to tread, thescenes of my infancy. " my boyhood and my yoiiih; it is iHus that i * pro wl around my buried treasure (though not of .gold or silver) and mourn my loss; it is thus that I revisit the ashes of extinguished fires, and take my silent stand at old bedsides. If my spirit should ever glide hack lo this cham- : ber when my body is mingled with tne dust, it will but follow (he c-urse it often took iu the old man's life-time and add but one more Change to the subj cts of its contemplation. Tn all my idb speculations lam greatly assisted by various legends connected .vi;h m\ venerable house, which are current in the neighbourhood, anil arc so numerous that there is scarce a cupboard t,r c rner that has not -some dismal story of its own. When I first entertained thoughts of becoming its tenant 1 was assured thai it was haunt-d from roof to cellar, and I believe the ludopininioti iu which <my neigh'toms once held irie had its ri>e in jny not bting torn to pieces or at least districted with terror on the nigh? 1 took pus. ^session: in either of which cases I should doubtless have arrived by a short cut at the •very summit of popularity. But traditions and rumours all taken into account, who FO abets me in every fatiey and -chimes with my every thought, as my dear deal friend; and how* often have I cause to l»less the day that bronght us two together! Of all days in the year I rv j .Ice t» th'u.k that it >h»uid have been Christmas Dar, with which from childhood we associate something friendly, hearty, and sincere. * * I had walked out tn cheer myself with the happiness of othe-s. and in the Jirle tokens of festivity and rejoicing of which the streets and houses present so many upon that day, hail last sime-hour?. No* I stopped to look at a merry party,hnrrying through the snow on foot to their place.i f meeting, a:.d now turned back to , see a w hole coachfut of child:en safelv de - posited at the welcome house. At one time, I ad.uired how carefully the working man can ied the baby in i s gaudy hat and feathers, anil 'how his wife, trudging patiently on behind, •forgot even her care for gay clothes, in exchanging greetings with the child as it crowed and laughed over the father's shoulder; a,t -another, I pleased myself with some passing •scene of gallantry or courtship, and was glad to believe tha 1 . for a season half the world of {poverty was gay. As the day closed in. I still rambled through 4he streets, feeling a compai.ionship in the bright tires that cast their warm rt flection on the windows as 1 passed, and losing all-sense my own loneliness in imagining the sociality and kind-fellowship that everywhere . prevailed. At length I happened to stop before a Tavern, and encountering a B il of Fare in '..' the window, it all at once brought it into mv €»ead to wonde what kiud of |>eoplc dined alone \- an laverns upon Christmas Day. , Solitary men are a; customed, I suppose, unr con<ciou-ly to 1 iok upon solitude as their own p is JUr^property. I had Sdt alone in my room .on many, many, anniversari- s of this great .'holiday, and had never regarded it but a« one of universal assemblage and r^deing. I had . .-expected, and with an aching h art a crowd of fipriMfOers and beggars, but /Ae-e were not the ' "virion f«>r whom the Tavern doors were open. \- ^Hud they atiy customeis, or was it a mere , iibrm,? a form no doubt. t , Trying to feel qu te sure of (his I walked away, t ut before i had gone many paces, jl stopped and looked back. There was a prri- " .vokinp air of business in the lamp above door, jvhich 1 cobld not overcome. 1 began to be . ' afraid the-e might be matiy customers—young with the world, utter :^^tt^ngers" ih 'this . great place, whose friends * litied ^at ja long distance off, and whose meatus \- Twcre'too siender to enaole them to make :h"e journey. The supposition give ris-e to.mi many . ' distressing little pictures that in preference to carrying tliein home with inc, 1 detci mined f«i : encounter the realiaes. Ho I turned and walketTia. I was at once glad and sorry tn find that < tjiere was only one person in ibe dinttig- roi .tn , , : (rlad to know tlut there wet e not more, and sorry to.ihi.ik that*Jie shtmld be there by h oiself. He did not look bo old as 1, bni, Jiki me, be was .advanced 'in -lite, and hii hair was ' tiearly white. Though ,I mademutc uoi-e in entering and seating tuywelf than was quiie | necessary, .with the \rw of/attracting hi> af- V ieniivin and Aaluiing Li in itHhe^ood «»lil form that ^ime «/y ar, tie - "irt' « rising . JWf-iinuW me&L; * t;" 1 •' I called for something which would give me an excuse for remaining injjlij; dind eat ly, as my housekeejter w as. etigagcd at night: to partake, of somefrie4HPsgoi«lf:heet) and sat . where 2 could observe withWt .intruding on him. After* a time lie looked up. tie was aware that somebody Itad Ottered, but cotild see very little of ine as! sat in the shade and be tn the light.. He was sad aqd.thoughiful, and I forbore to trouble hijn bv. speaking- Let me believe that it wassomevhjng better then curiosity which riveted inv attention, and impePedme strongly towards this gentleman. 1 never saw so patient ai.d kind a face He 4iould have been su< rounded by friends, and yet here hesat dejected and alone when all men had their friends aiiout them. A« often as he roused himself from Irs reverie he would fall into it again, and it was plain tint, whatever were the subject of his thoughts, they were of a melancholy' kind, and would not be controlled. He was not used to solitude. I was sure of that, for I kne,v by myself that if he had been, his manner would have been different, and be would have takeo some flight interest in the arrival of another. 1 could not fail to mark jhat he had no appetite—lhat lie trieil to eat in vain—that time after tithe 1Ue plate was pushed away, and tie relaps into his former posttfe. His mind was wandering among old Christmas Days, I thought. Many of them sprung -up together, not with a long gap between ea<-h, but in unbroken succession like days of the week. It was k great change to find himself for the Sra time (i quite settled that it jens the first) in an empty sjjeiit room with no soul to care for. 1 cou d not help following him in imagination, through <*n.wds of pleasant ftces, and ihen cumiuy back to that dull place with its bough ut misletoe dickering in the ga6, and sprigs of holiv parched up already by a Simoom of roast and bulled. The very waiter had gone home, and his representative, a 'poor lean hungry man, was keeping Christmas in his acket. i grew still more interested in, rav friend. His dinner done, a decantei of wine was placed befoie him. It remained untouched for a long lintf, but at length with a quivering hand h tilled a g<asf> and «aw-d it to his lips Some tender wish to which he had been accustomed to give u tcram-e on that day, oi some beloved name that he iiad been used to pledge, ticinbted upon them at th'i m oueut. He put i' do*wn y ry hasiilv-—took it up once more— again put il down—pressed his hand upon his face—ves —an., tears s'ole down his cheeks, l ain certain _ Without pausing to con*ider whether I did' right or wrong, i stepped acro>s the room, aud sitting (Ijwu betide hiin laid my hand gently ou his arm " My tiiend," I said, " forgive me if I beseech yon to take comfort and c >nsoi ui.m from the lips cf «n old man. I wiii not preach to you what L have not practised, indeed. V\ hatever he your grU-f. be of a good heart, be of a good heait, praj T' I ?ee that you speak earnestly," he replied, "and kindly I am vety sure/but—" I nodded my head to show that I undarsfood what he would say for 1 bad already gathered froa- a certain lixed expres ion in his face and from the attention with wli'nh be watclud me while 1 spoke, that his sense of hearing was destroyed. I'here shuuid Lea freemasonry hetween us," said 1, pointing from hitn-e f to me to explain toy meaniug—if uot in our )-rey hairs, at Iea-t in our misfortunes. ¥ou see that I am but a poor cripple." 1 have never fJt so happy under my affltc tion since the try-og moment of mv tirst becoming conscious of i^, as when he took mv hand in with a smile that has lighted my path in lue from that day, and we sat down side bv side. This was the beginning of my friendship with tlite deaf gentlemaa, and when wa« ever t e slight and ea-y service of a kind word in season, repaid by such attachment and devotion as he has shown to me ! He produced a lirtle set of tablets and a pencil to facilitate <.ur conversation, on that our first acquaintance, and I well remember- how awkward and constraiued I was in writing Jown my share of the dialogue, and how easily be guessed iny meaning bef.-re I had written halt what I had to say. He told me in a faltering voice that he had not been accustomed to be alone omhat day—that it had always been a little festival with him—.mil seeing that 1 glanced at the dress in the expectation that he wore mour .ing, he added hastily that it was not that; if it had been, he thought he could have borne it better. From that 'iine to tinpresent we have never touched upon this theme Upon every return of the same dav we have been together, and abhr-ngh we make it our annual custom to drink to each other h*nd iu baud afier dioner and to re al w ith affectiVmane garrulity every circumstance of our first meeting, we always avoid this one as if l »y mutual consent. Meantime we have gone on str -ngthenin^ in •our friendship and tega.d, and f..ruling ari°attachineut which, 1 rrust and believe will bt.lv be interrupted by death, to be renewed in anotlier existence. I freely know how we c.inmuntcau as we do, but i,e lu^ long >ince ceased to be deaf to me. He is frequently the companion «.t mv walks ami e»en m cn.wded street® replies to my slightest look or gesture as though he c«m!d lead my thoughts. F.om the vast number of objects »h ch pass in rapid Micees- Mon before our eves, we frequency select the same f..r>ome t articular uottce or remark, and when one of these little coincidences occurs 1 cannot de>c ibe the pleasure that atiiui tc- my t tend, or the beanjingcounti iiance thar he will preserve t.r half an h .ur afterwards at iea>t. lie is a g eat thinker fiom living m. nmcii within him-eit, and, having a lively imagi tiatton, has a facility of coueeiving and en lagging .upon «dd ideas which, renders him invaluable to Oi.r little body, and greatly astoai>i»es to our two friends, ilis powers in tiiire-j'»ect ai-e tnueh assisted -by a laig»- J ,i |l e which he aVsUtCii us «,nce belonged to a tiera^n stu •lent. Be this as it ihay, it has undoubted!* a veryancieut anil mysieriovs appea anle, atid i* ^i'acity that -it taUi iltree hours aiu\ ^®y e ?hat my bniber. ^hb is tlie cliicf authority pf a_knot 6f gossips who cbn^egate evei^ ^(ae»l -anecdotes fitj-^k^^^^fiiielgr^u' figures th'it are 'ciarved. upon its bowl 4 at which all the smokers in the neighbourhood have stood aghast ; and I know thanny hiiusekeeper, whije *he holds it in high veneration, has a su pei^tit^ns ftelSng cohbeeted ; wiih it iwhicb wotild fender hei exceedingly unwilling to be lett alony io its company after dark. : " liaslbn^ini, and whatever grief may linger id some mm'' corner «.f his heait, t he is now a xheei^il, placid, happy creature. Misfortune can never have fallen ttpon.such *» man fb«t for sonie good purpose, and when I see its. tracer in hi* gentle nature and his earnest feeling, l am the " lei* inclined to murmur at *u.ii trials as i m v have undergone m\ self. With regard to the pipe, I have a theory of my own—I cannot help thinking that it is in some manner connected with the event that brought us together, for I remember that it was "a long, time before tie even talkeil about it; that »hen he did. he grew re-erved ann melat cholv ; and that It was a long time \et before lit- brought it forth 1 have no t-uriosity, however, tipon this subject, foi ] know thai it promotes his tranquillity and comfort. and I need n<. oiher inducement lo regard it with oiy utmost'favor. Such is the deaf genthtnan. I ean call up his figure now, clad in sober grey, aud seated in the chimt ey corner. As he puffs out the smoke from his favorite pipe, he casts a look on me brimful of coidiality aud friendship, and says all manner of kind and genial things in a cheerful smile ; then he raises his eves to my clock which is just ah ut to *trikc, and glajcing from it to me and back again, seems to divide bis heart between us. For myself, it is not too much to -say that I would gladly part with one of my poor limbs, could be but hear the old clock's voice. XJf^ur two irienils, the first has been all his lite one of that easy way ward truj-t class whom the world is accustomed to designate as nobody's enemies but their own. Bred to a pro fes-ioi. for which he never qualified himself, and reared in the exoneration of a fortune he* has never inherited, he has undergone every vicissitude of which such an existence is capable. He and his younger br ther, both orphans from their childhood, were educated by a wealthy relative who taught them to expect an equal division of his property: but too indolent to court, and too honest to flatter, the elder gradually lost ground in ihe affections of a capneiou old man, and the younger, who did Hot fail to improve his opportunity, now triumphs in the possession <>f enormous wealth His triumph i- to hoard it in solitary wretchedness, and prol ably to feel with the'expenditure of every shilling a greater pang than the toss of bis Wdcle inheritance ever cost his brother. Jack Rcdhnrn—be was Jack Redburn at the first little school he went to where every other rhild was m etered and Mirnamed, and be has been ,la„k R-viburu all his life, or he would pes haps have been a i idler n.an by thi* timehas been an intimate «>f my house these eight 3cars past He is my librarian, secretary, Steward and first minister : director of all my afftirs and inspector-general of my household. He is something of a musician, something of au-hor, something of au actor, something of a painter, very much of a carpenter, and an extraordinary gardener: hayng had al; his life a wundtrfnl aptitude for learning eveijthiog that was of nowise to him. He is remarkably fond of children, and is the best and ki dest nurse in .-ickness that ever drew the breath of life. He has mixed with every grade of society and known the utmost distress, but there never.was a less selfish, a more tender-hearted, a more enthusiastic, or a more guileless man, and I dare-say if few have done less good fewer still have done !e*s hirm in the world th*n he. By what chauce nature forms - such whimsical jumbles 1 don't knew, hut I do know that she sends them among us very often, ami thai the king of the whole lace is Jack Kedburn: I should be puzzled to say how old he is His health is none «f the best, and he wears a quantity of iron-grey hair which shades his face aud gives it rather a worn appearance; but we co -sidir him quite a vouug fellow notwithstanding, and if a youthful spirit sur iving the roughest contact with the world confers upon iti> possessor any title to be considered young, then he is a mere child. The only in . terruptions to his c .reless cheerfulness are on a wet Sunday, when he is apt to be unusually religious and solemn, and sometimes of an evening when he has peeit blowing a very aIow ' une on »he flute. On these last- named occa - ions he is apt to incline towards the mysteri ous or the terrible. As a specimen Vf his piwers in this tnixid, I refer my readers to the extract ftoin the clock-ca«e' which fo.lo.ws this paper; he brought it to me not long ago at 'Midnight, and informed me that the main incident bad been siigge ted by a dream .of the uight befoie His apartments are two cheerful rooms looking towards the garden, and one-of his sri.eat del : ghts is to arrange and re-arrange the furniture in these chambers, and p».t it ih every possible variety of posiiiun. Darin? rlie whole ime he has been hete, 1 do lu-t ihii k he has lept for t ao nigh is runniug with the he-id of his bed in the same place, an leverytiqiehe move's it is to be Iti- last. My housekeeper was at first well i,igh tlistracted by these trequei t clianges, but she has otcome quite reconcileif t > them by decrees and has so fallen^ in with his humour tlmt they ofteh consuti togerfn r. with great praiity ujiutt the next fibal alteration. ' Whatever hi^ arrangements are, however, they are al way* a pattern of neatnessj a d every one ot tile n.iatiifiiid art.icleA eo^neeted with hi.- manifold fK'eupatlonR is"to jta found in its own particular,place: I jtJntil within the last «w.i or three' years be was subject to an c»ccasioual fit (which usually came upoo him iii very fine ; weather.), litider ihe iufluehce of which he would dress himself wiih peculia^ care, and going i>ut under prefehce of takiiig a walk, disa; .pea r for several days togethier.' _ ^ i .length,';'after/' th'^ ; longe;; and" Ijr^is^^*^ : upper garment than an old spj^tral-J .oking dressing -gown with . very - - -d!>j»r«tjH»rtiunatc Dockets,. fu J of a mii»ceil ineous collecU in.of udd matters which he picks ^^...wbureyer^he 1 can lav his hands upon them. . " ' -fcverylhing that isa fa von te with onrfriend is ii favorite the f nrth among u? is Mr Owen Mitei, a nu»st worthy gentiemaan, who had tteateiiJack wiih great kindne>s befi>re t^:d^f^i^ii^ud1v«nrefer «-q some future «oca?ion. • .^Mr^^^jj?^ once' a very r:ch rtne^Mt, W very severe jshock in ib« : death <>f fii retired clevbted bim^elf to a quiet unostentatious life ^H^ ts an cxcelletit tnan of tborotighly sterling charac.ter i not: • f quick anprehensuin, and : notu writliout some amusing p dices, wltich l.shall leave t-» lh'ir owh deyel praent. He^oltls usall ii- pimftiund veneration, but Jack Redburij he esteems a kind of'pleasant wonder, that he may v«-bt ufe to approach famili .rly. IIe beli :ves, aot only that no man ever lived wh.} could d'» so many things as J*«ck,. bnt that no mail ever lived who could do anything so we.l; and be neyer callmy attention to any. of his iigeniou< proceedings but he w hi-pers tn my ear, nudging me at the same time with his elbow—If b e had only made it his trade, sir —if h« had only made it his trade!" : : - They aie inseparable companions; one would almost suppose that, although' Mr Miles'never does anything in the way ..f assistance. Jack couhi (lo nothing wiihnutiiitu. : Whether be is reading, writing, painting, carpentering, gardening. flute-plajing,>r what not, there is Mr Miles beside him, buttoned up to the chin'in' his blue coat, and looking on with a face of in • credulous delight as though he could not credit the testimony of his own senses, and had a misgiving that no man could be so clever but in a dream. These are my friends; I duced myself and them. have now intro- 