J UBOBS. Having only received copies ofihe following . petitions to His Excellency the Governor and the Legislative Council yesterdny| the peculiar | circumstances tinder which we are situated pre- clude us from making any further remarks lhau merely stating that WP consider the requests contained in the petitions not only reasonable hut just. In all likelihood we shnll revert to this subject in a futuro number : To Hit Excellency Sir Gitrge Gipps, Knight, and the Memlieu of the LegisliiSve < ouncil asstmb ed. Hie respectful petition of tho undetsigned Alagi» iraies of the Teirillry resident in the County of Cumbeiland. SlIBWFTH, That your petitioners in the performance of their duties as Mapistrates, devote a .considerable portion ol valuable time to the public service by attendance at the Quarter Sessions and fetty Sessions of (heir reflective district«, and are b sides liable lo serve as Special Jurors, and many of them as Assessors, in the Supreme.Coiiit, thereby giving more lime to the public than anyother class of the commu- nity: That by the exiting Colonial Jury Act they are also liable lo serve as Common Jnlors in criminal cases-an unnecessary increase of duty, 8< there is no longer a scar- city of respectable qualified Juiors -a practice at variance with that of the mother country [and degrading, as they aie frequently challenged by the ptiinner on entering the Jurj box ; and, moreover, frequently* rendered inoperative, at many of the cases which come before the Supiemo Court are commutais trom their respective Benches, so that they arc called from a distance without even the satis'aciton of feeling their services are of uso: Your petiiioners tlierefoie respectfully request lliat in any Art which may be passed by yuur honorable Council to regulate Trial by Jury, liny may, as Magistrates, be exempt from liability as Common Jurois incriminai cases. i [Here lollow about 25 names of Magistrates.] To His EiccUencu Sir 'George Gipps, Knight, and the Me libers oj the Legislutiie Council ussembkd. The respoctful petition of tho undeisi^ned Gentle- men qualified to act es Special Juroisinthe County of Cumberland, New South Wales. SiiEwrTii, 'J hat your petitioners feel themselves greatly agitcvtl bv the walkin of hu Jury Act at present in force Thev aie liable, and arc frequently Mimiaimed tu attend the ¡su- preme Court at Sydney on a considerable number of ca<se< in the same Session, the tiialsusutlly occupying upwards of ten days That your petitioners, on attending the Supreme Court accoidnii lo such summonses, haye in every Session been prevented from silting as such "penal Jurors on the whole of the cases on which they have been summoned ; and frequently, after 6 or 7 days alternance, only sit once or twice, owing to cases being settled cul of Court, when youi petitioners obtain no remunera! on furtheir loss of time and expenses, as the fee of 15s. is not pud unless the Jury is sworn; they are Ihus | lit to a very considerable pccumaiy expenditure, exclusive of their valuable time, without the consciousness of any proportionate benefit to the public, whilst lliuy aie liable to a heavy fine for non-appearance, , which has latterly been doubled, vvithotl producing a mo e reputar alten lance. Your petitioners are aware that the present non-attendance of Jurois mainly arises fioin the uncertainly of their being actually required to sit, and to the inadequacy of the remu- neration they receive, though many are brought from dis- tances varying fiom 10 to 40 miles and upwards. Your petitioners therefore request youi honorable Council will take these circumstances into consideration, and til y beg to sugocst, that exclusive of the miluaoe>now paid, the fee in each ca«e should be raised from iSs to one guinea, the amount of a Special Juror's fee in England ; that it should be imperative on the party applying for a special Juiy, lo deposit in the hand of the Sheriff the amount of the fees, and that after Jurors ?re summoned no cause should he sltuck out of the list, though rattled, but that the cases should be called in rotation, and the Jurors who attend in llicir places paid, whether the trial proceed or not. Chu expense would thus fall on the party seeking the benefit of a higher class of Jurors, whose services would thus only be demanded when really required. [Here follow about 30 signatures.] The election of President for Chili had occa- sioned a great sensation at that place, and was likely to terminate in a revolution. VICTORIA THEATHE.-Not having been able to attend when the tragedy of Bertram was performed on the night of Mr. Spencer's bene- fit, we did ourselves the pleasure of attending when it was repeated on Saturday night. We are sorry to say that we were very much dis- appointed, not with the acting of the piece, but at the tasteless and shameless manner in which it was curtailed, the finest passages and most splendid dialogues being cutout, nothing being left but those parts which displayed the stage effect of one of the most wild and wonderful works of human genius that was ever penned. In a piece such as this it requires no small por- tion of genius to give it even the semblance of nature, and this arduous task Maturin effected, and by doing so has gained a place amongst the first dramatists of modern times. Those who have perused the tragedy of " Bertram, or the Castle of St. Adblbrand," must have felt its power, and acknowledged the dark but won- derful imagination of its eccentric author. (We may as well state here, that Maturin is the whimsical individual who, when engaged ¡nany work of imagination, would allow no living soul to speak to him, and that when such was the case he stuck a wafer on his brow ; besides the tragedy of Bertram, ho is the author of the " Wild Irish Boy," " Woman, or Pour et Contre," .« Melmouth the Wanderer," *' The Albigenses," &c.; &c.;) The bad taste of cutting up a piece of this description cannot be too severely reprobated, and betrays not only a misorable taste in the manager, but pays a very poor compliment to the public which supports bim. It may be said that not above one or two in the house were aware of the fact. For the benefit of those who would adduce this in pal- liation, we will quote the following fact. When Mr. Stephen Kemblc (brother to the celebrated John Kemble and Mrs. Siddons) was manager of one of the provincial theatres, he scolded a poor actor for some errors he had made while performing his part. " Tush ! my dear," said his wife, " don't be so angry with the poor fel- low ; I don't think above one in the house could notice his error." " True, Madam !" said Stephen sharply, " but /respect that one person more than the whole house put toge- ther !" The actors performed their parts very respectably ; Spencer made an excellent Ber- tram, his conception of the author is very just. Knowles, as the Prior, was very indifferent; his delivery is too rapid ; thero is a sort of ner- vous hurriedness (if we may so express it) about his acting in tragedy.which is unpleasant; his personifications of old men are admirable. Miss Winstanley personated Imogene very well ; she seems to improve rapidly in her profession. We hope the manager will bring out " Bertram" as the author wrote it ; it is certain of bringing a good house. POUCE COURT.-A man named William Stewart, apparently about sixty years of age, was charged, on Saturday last, with an attempt to commit a rape on the night of the previous Thursday on a young girl little more than four years^ of age. He was remanded for further examination. On the same day another old man was found guilty of being a notorious and incorrigible drunkard, it being the four- teenth time that an information had been filed against him. He was sentenced to be worked on the treadmill for six weeks. THE WBATHBR.-The weather in and about Sydney still coutinues favourable for the coming harvest. It has been very warm during noon for these some days past, i We most sincerely hope, for the sake of all classes, that wo shall not be deceived in our anticipations of a favor- able harvest. ROBBERIES AT THE PATERSON.-Several robberies of an aggravated nature liavo taken place of lato in the neighbnuihood of the Pa- terson and the adjoining districts. About the beginning of last week the hou-e of Mr. James A lair was robbed by armed bushrangers, who -ilole tlietelrom a hoi se, and had other property ready to take off when they were interrupted. The stores of Mr. John Lord, on the Williams River, were likewise broken into and robbed. Another gentleman, Mr. Champagne, residing in the latter neighbourhood, wan robbed of a liorso at the same time. Major Johnston, im- mediately on receiving information of the facts, took steps to lead to the capture of the parties. That gentleman has gained the good opinion of all the settlers in these districts from his indefatigable zeal in attempting to crush the lawless villains who commit depredations of this kind. It were good for this Colony if it possessed many such men as Major Johnston. THK SYDNEY MONITOR.-In the Monitor of Saturday list appeared two paragraphs, black- guarding in the most gentlemanly manner p is sible the person whose duly it is to repot t for this papei. There was too much of the G. O'B. (e) mouche about it to be for a moment mis- taken. The matter might have passed quietly by, had they been manly enough to have quoted correctly fiom our columns; but there is something so cowardly, so mean-spirited and sneaking, in tianiposing the mutter, and wilfully misrepresenting, or in fact Monitorising the words of a fellow journalist, for the sake of shewing themselves in a critical light, by express- ing an opinion upon their own wilful misiepre sentations, that it cannot he passed by unnoticed. The quotations from the Gazette, as they ap- peared in the Monitor, aro not correct, but inserted to suit the purposes of thó writer to that pnper. We would advise tbevperson alluded to, and all others connected with thal establishment, to remember the motto of their journal, and " Nothing extenuare nor aught ¿et down in malice." In making our remarks (and we did so good naturedly) upon the ridi- culous paragraph concerning the head with the crow-bar rolled up in it, « liich appeared as a bona fide fact in the Monitor, no person could blame us, it was too rich to pass unnoticed, and we certa i . ly thought that in doing so we were paying them (we mean the many editors of the Monitor) a compliment. Insuad, how- ever, of having a good natured leply, wo weie saluted with a tornado of vulgar blackgardism and pointless bravado; we were called (we hope our readers will excuse us for inserting the low slang terms of our cotemporary) spooneys, sucking jatkassc, and many other names too numetous to mention-and for what? for words erroneously quoted from the Gazette to suit the enthusiastic, and as they consider, the over whelming imagination of the G, O'B. e mouches who concoct them. We would call to the recollection of the worthy fraternity who conduct the Sydney Monitor, an old, but true, adage, the purport of which is as follows " Those who live in glass houses ought not to throw stones," more especially when it is ru- moured that thojr are going to «. Fall as the leaves do, and die in October." Ala9 ! poor Dan) ! your "vaulting ambition has outleaped itself, and fallen on t'other side." For the benefit of our leaders we give a few sentences extracted from the * ' NEWS OF THE DAY" of the Monitor of Saturday last. «* Mr. Slatterie delivered his first Lecture on the advancement of Society, at the School of Arts, on Wednes- day evening last, from the Creation of the Land of the Nineteenth Century (!!) The subject will be continued in a socond lecture not having had the pleasure of hearing Mr. S., we cannot offer an opinion upon his lecture, but report speaks favourably of Mr. Slatterie's manner of delivery and of h!s master too." We are not aware who Mr. Slatterie's master is, perhaps the Monitor can inform us ; and as to the Creation of the Land oftlve Nineteenth Century, we have always been under the im- pression that all lands were created in six days, and long before the period quoted in the Moni tor. The next paragraph contains the follow ing sentence :-" We cannot divine the source of the repeated sarcasms thrown out against the importation of Irish laborring imgrants, by persons in and out of Council, as from whom one mould cxpec t better things, without > be- lieving the traducers imbued with a .mixture of malignity in their c>ip of ignorance." Heaven help us, can any pirson explain the meaning of the above ? The fact of the matter is, there is neither reason, rhyme, common sense, or any thing natural in the whole hypo thic. The truth is, that the whole is made up of words, and nothing but words, which being unintelligible to common understandings, have found a place amongst the " Monitorial"myste- ries of the day. The next paragraph concludes as follows (ws take them in rotation), it is headed " Caution to Diaymen." " The de- fendant paid the fine, muttering something, which could not be distinctly understood, (when leaving the Court) about the additional duty on rum, and other ruins blue and brown, promising an endeavour, on his part ! ! ! to turn a tea totaller." In the next paragraph there is one ot the richest morceaux that ever enlightened an Australian public, it applies to the case of Major Mudie and Mr. Kinchela, and begins as follows:-" Mr. Kinchela and the Major, it seems are likely to measure con- clusions again, on or about the 20th of next month, with each a brace at least, of full wigged lawyers for his second ! ! !" Jepthah, Judge of Israel,' here is a conclusion. The wit of our cotemporary seems only to be equalled by the admirable specimen of typography with which he daily treats the public. The next paragraph we come to in the columns of this exquisite journal, is a most satirical article against our cotemporary the Sydney Herald ; it begins as follows :-" The Herald of yester- day we find erics PECCAIR willi respect to some sweeping assertions against common Juries, and the " never ending, still beginning" Jury system altogether, contained in the No. ofthat paper of the 2nd instant -especially to those sound assumpti >ns ;*' Why should we go farther? it is surely time for us to cry pecavi (not peccair); .« we have sinned," and acknowledge that we can never rival the ori- ginality of our cotemporary. Since the time that the meaning of the words ignorance, im- pudence, and vulgarity, were properly under- stood by a British public, their combined efforts were never so plainly shewn, nor so well amal- gamated, as in the columns of our cotemporary the Monitor during the last nine months. Oh ! for the lungs of a spooney or sucking donkey (we beg their pardon for quoting their own words) to bray tor lb its praises to an admiring world. Shade of JOHNSON'vanish for ever. Ghost of WALKER shew thy ghastly face no more! The genius of the Monitor bestrides thy DICTIONARY, and common« sense ia at dis count ! I-Correspondent. MUDIE V.' KINCHELA.-The trial of this case has been deferred from the 20th October to the 2Gth of that month, with the consent of both parties. SYD'NEY^BANK SHARES.--Mr. Samuel Lyons sold yesterday, tit his ¡Mart, 22 Shares in the Sydney Bank, £3 paid upon each Shale, for 33s. each pieminm_Total £102 6s. - GAOL ASD FACTOHY.--At this present mo- ment there are about one hundred and ninety men, sixty women, and six children in Sydney gaol. There are no confines either under sen- tence qf death, or death recorded. There are altogether about one hundred persons of bulb sexes awaiting their ti ¡als. In the Female Factory, Parramatta, there are above one thou- sand women and children, nearly four bundled of w horn are assignable. This plainly shews, that though the'labour of male convicts is in great request, and cannot be had, that female servants aro at a discount. There are about two hundred and fifty under colonial sentence. STRIKING FOR WAGES.-A person named Brown, a tailor, applied in the Insolvent Debtors' Court on Friday last. It appeared that he had come to the colony under an agree ment to Mr. Maelzer, tailor, George-street. This man had been incaicerated by a person named Barton fur the sum of 55s. He stated that he had offered to pay the amount by in- stalments of 5s. per week until the whole wa* liquidated. / TIu"s,offer having been refused by Ballon, he wns incarcerated. On being asked by Judge Stephen'if he was one of the 'tailors who had been engaged in the former strike, he answered in the affirmative. His Honor then remarked'that he wished to have it distinctly understood, that if any insolvent came before him who had been concci ned in the system of striking for wage*, he would use tho authority vested \ in him by remanding the offending parties. The insolvent in this case being un- opposed was discharged. WASHINGTOV HOUSE.-A.'" drapery house, bearing this title, has,beentopcned .in Pitt street ; there is a good deal of outside shot» ana stage effect to be seen while viewing it from the street. Taking the whole into consideration, we have no hesitation in saying that for ? real, substantial, and excellent articles, combined with cheapness of price, 'Mr. M'Nish, corner of Huntei and O'connell street«, can vie with any persons in the trade. His long expeiiencc in one of the first houses in the woild gives him a great advantage in his selection of goo Is. POLICE COURT.-YESTERDAY.-Nothing of any importance was transacted in this Court ye«terday ; the cases, though many, being of a very trivial nature. We could fill columns with the reports of the transactions of this Court, but they bear such a family likeness to the every day cases which appear, that to jinsert them would be much the same as keeping the j matter in type, and inserting in our columns once a week the same thing over again. PORT PHILLIP AND HOBART TOWN.-We have received papers from Hobart Town up to the 5th instant, and Port Phillip up to the lilli, but they contain no news which we can make use of. The prices current are much the same as those we have formerly stated. ROBDERT. - A person named Geo. Williams was brought up in the Police Office on Satur- day last, charged with having been detected breaking into the house of a person named McKenzie, residing in Queen's-place. The prisoner it appears was detected in the act. He has been remanded for further examination. NEWS.-Weare forced to fill up our domestic with home news in lieu of colonial; even the former is HOW getting stale. Wo may now expect English news to the middle of June, although the latest paper in the Colony only bet» the date or me loin or may. Oh, for a good southerly wind to send the ships up. What a treat a dissolution of parliament would be at present, it would at least give room for a month's speculation, worth a thousand murders, suicides, and other common-place affairs ; it would even be more interesting than a floating head with a cron-bar rolled up in it. DISBASES IN SHEEP.-We are not aware, whether or not, the following is applicable to (his Colony, at the same time it must be inte resting to those who are in the habit of super-; intending the sheep flocks of Australia, the produce of which constitutes the staple commo' di ty of the Colony, - it 'lhere is a disease in sheep which, at certain times, is Very injurious,1 and few appear to know'how to cure it: it frequently occurs in the early part of the sum« mer, particularly after, the sheep have been kept hard during the winter, and before they, can recover tliejr condition. The sheep appear^ when attacked, to be labouring with inward fever, attended1 with cough, which produces swollen lips, completely cased with a thick scab. The best remedy, and which will gene- rally produce and effectual cure, is by pulling off the scab, which will cause the lips to bleed, then rubbing them well with prepared oil, and afterwards anointing them' with the prepared salve. This method has 'been known to cure eighty out of a hundred sheep the first time they were dressed, and on a second application, scarcely ever attended with want of success. -' This oughts tor be known to all flock- masters.1 Recipe for the prepared oil-J pint of linseed! oil, £ pint of elder oil, 1 oz. of verdigris : these three articles to be used as oil. Ilecipe for the prepared salve-¿.lb. of fresh butter, 1 oz. of verdigris, 1 oz. of rosin, Jlb.'of Venice turpen- tine, J oz. of alum, 2 table-spoonfuls of tar : the above six articles to he simmered together, and used as ointment."- Glasgow Herald, May 15th. EXTRAORDINARY EWE.-What will our Aus- tralian sheep farmers think of the following paragraph, taken from the moat veritable au- thority : Etlrojrdimry Em -At lhe farm of Ballycoach, parish of Kirk michael, lhere is a ewe, lhe pioperiy of Mrs Neil- son, Maybole, winch has attained the venerable age of 16 yeais. 'lins wonderful animal, in the course of her useful and innocent lite, has brought forth the goodly number of twenty-nine lambs. \V hile a hog of one year she produced her first lamb , and, in the following twelve years, two each year. She then gradually lost her sight, and was totally blind for the space ot four months, during which time she had another lamb. She then r covcredMier sight by degrees, and last year produced one^more , and the other day she completed the number of twenty-nine, by dropping two strong and healthy ones, winch, wi li their prolific and ve- nerable mother, are both doing'well.-Ayr Advertiser. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH BILL. J ~* VWhereas by an act of the Governor and Legislali « Council of New South Wales, passied in the eighth year vi the reign of hu late Majesty King William the Fourth, in- tituled " An Act to regulate the temporal affaiia of Presby terian churches and chapels conceded with the Church of Scotland in the colony of New South Wales," certain powers, privileges, and avantages, were cohferred upon the Preibyteryof New South Wales,-and the ministers of the churche« and congregations thereof, and whereas, h ia the desire of the said Presbytery, and it ia expedient for the good government of the ^Presbyterian Church in the said colony^ that . synod ahould be formed, comprehending all lue ministers and congrégations in the aatd colony, in con. nexion with lhe Church of Scotland ; and whereas, it bas .been agreed that the aatd Synod shall bear the name of i" the Synod of Australia in connexion with the established Church of Scotland ;" And whereas, it is also expedient ¡that the,said recited act be so amended as that it may apply to the sa.d synod of A uitralia in connexion wuk the estab- lished Church of Scotland. Be it therefore enacted, by His Excellency the Governor of New South Wales, with P the advice of the Legislative Council thereof, that the seve- re ral powers, privileges, and advantages conferred upon the I Preibvtuy of New South \\\ alu and tlie ministers tfohe congregation under it» spiritual superintendence, by the said1 recited act, shall, «moon st the said «ynod of Australia ? shall been formed, and, notice of such formation shall baver been published hv order of ;H¡§ Excellency the Governor,u in iheJ\reiu Sou hWakt'Govêrnmtnt Gauit* be vested in, and .> belong to the soft synod, and the minuten of the coñete- - eation under its spiiital snperintendenre, as fully and effec- tually io all intents and purposei at if the said synod fiad been formed and in existente, at the time of the patting of f the said recited act and been specially named theran. II. And be it enacted, that all and every tha real eittta - in all churches and chapel», ministers' dwellings, burial grounds and plebó lands, and the sit« of ¡he tame, and in all other landt, and hereditamenU appi;iujpiof: thareunto,.. ? which have heretofore been held, or are now held by tru»- . tees, appointed under the provisions of the said recited act, : in behalf of i he »èveral congregation» under i be spiritual i supeiintendence of the'laid Presbytery of'New South Wales ot by the trusteea of any church Or chare net ¡ru» which it i required that divine ' service «bill 'be performed r by as ordained minUterof the' church,:of Scotland, shall i continue to be held by the same trutteet. and their tuccet- - tors duly and lawfully appointed, in behalf of lue samo . congregations. II I. And whereat',', by an act of'thersaid^GÓvert>or áná.t Legidative Council, patted in the seventh year of_the reign. << of his late Majesty King William thô.ïoMW.i«Utol«d, . "an act to promote the building of churches and chapels, f. and to providé for the maintenance of ministers of religion, n in New South Wale»," it w>»*aroongil.olher.»hl3gtenacte<t >1 that, with" regard to churches or chapels aliaidy built and.il repaired, or ! maintained at tlúV. pablicexpeíite, or'for mini« tera whereof stipends were ¡»sued from, thecolonial treasury,,. t should and niight be .Uwfql for,the GoVernqrViwitb^ibeV advice of the Executive-Council,-within 'fix 'months' after i ihe passing thereof,' to nominate bot i less "than ' three''nor r more than five of i the pewholders of any; auch church or ' chape)'belonging to,the- religious i: denomination.,for. whose use the seid church or chapel wa» maintained, to be tius-' tets thereof, and to, wborn,:and the heir« of the survivor of ?' - such trustee*", should be. conveyed'as soonjas, conveniently i iniajit he,: thfc'real «tate. in the «aid chureh'or chapel, and- i minister»'dwelling! upfontíust./or.tliB maintenance aaiU pair ¿f such church or chapel, and minister's dwelling, arid) - for the provision thereof, according by the,, finitrecited act, . paascd rri the -Yiglith''vear'oVthe>réígn Vf'hirlittè Majesty ? King William the Fourth,* after reciting that traitées forn such churches or'ehapels conformably "to the-provisions - thereof, ilw«s entct«dtjiat.such appointmeijf;pf;iru»tees, under tlie provisiont of the-8ai(lrecited:act patted -in. the..se- - ven'h,year of. the reign of, his.late Majesty-King iwilliám ai .the Fourth, fhould ba declared to ¡be;nul! andy;void,:,pndv that the e'ection and appointment of tru-tee»,föi:i Pretbyte rian churches or chapelt already, built should and might be .made in .the manner therein.;, directed ,,'.wiihin.' six i mooth» . from the passing .thereof; rand,whereas,, from yirious.una- . voidable/causes, such; «lections _ and appointments of trus tees were hoi made wiihin ' trie time in such last recited act limited, and it it expédient to extend 'the time within which > such elections and appointments may be made-^.be ¡tea act'ed, that the'elec'iiorf and áppom'tmenVof-irústeea tor any Presbyterian churcltet and chapela already built, for whUlu trustee» have not'yet been appointed ïn.manner aforesaid,, shall and may bemide.'asii'n the »aid iastrecited^açi(',ii di reeled, within six roontlis from the passing of^thisjaotiy .-'.' . .i--j- ? ?-"? - ? f^'iy-^-A'-tn. 