LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY. — Present—The Governor, Sir Maurice O'Connell, the Colonial Secretary, Attorney-General, Colonel Gibbs, Mr Lithgow, Messrs Jones, Berry, Han- nibal Macarthur, Sir John Jamieson, and Mr James Macarthur. On the members taking their seats, Mr James Macar- thur was sworn in as member of the Legislative Council, and took his seat accordingly, upon which he was con- gratulated by His Excellency the Governor. The Governor said that the Council would bear in mind that in his opening address upon their last meeting, in reference to the Foreign Attachment Act, he had adverted to the report of the committee of last year on the insolvent Law, which recommended the withdrawal of Mr Justice Burton's Bill, and that the law of Van Diemen's Land should be followed rather than that in force at the Cape of Good Hope, as more congenial to the spirit of the British constitution. He, therefore, proposed ascertaining the opinion of the Council as to how far they were inclined to adopt the report of last year. The labor of preparing these Bills was very great, and he was desirous that the labor of Mr Justice Stephen, upon whom it would fall, of remodelling the present Bill should not be in vain. As he (the Governor) was so liable to be misunderstood and misrepresented, he had prepared a minute embodying his suggestions upon the subject which he would read— Minute.—" I again feel it my duty to draw the atten- tion of the Council to the Insolvent law in the Colony. In the year 1838, on the recommendation of the Judges, I presented a Bill to the Council, which had been drawn up by Mr Justice Burton on the model of the Insolvent Law of the Cape of Good Hope ; the Bill having been re- ferred to a Committee, evidence was taken on it, the effect of which went to show that though the principle of the Bill was approved by a great majority of the wit- nesses examined, the method of proceeding under it was objected to, on account of the apparent complexity of its details. The Committee did not report until late in the session, and consequently nothing was done in that year, save the re-enactment for two years (with slight alter- ations) of the law of 1832 then about to expire. In 1839 the same Bill was again presented by me, and again referred to a committee, principally for the purpose of obtaining the evidence of Mr Justice Stephen, then re- cently arrived from Van Diemen's Land, where the sub- ject of Insolvency had engaged much of his attention. This committee reported on the 17th September last, and recommended that the Bill presented by me in 1838 should be withdrawn, and that another founded on the same principles, but altered in its detail, should be brought forward in the present session. Before, however, I undertake to prepare such a Bill, I am anxious to ascertain the extent to which the Council will adhere to the views of their committee, as otherwise much loss of labour and of time may be occasioned, which will be the more inconvenient as the temporary law of 1838 will expire on the 1st October next. The resolution on which I propose to take the sense of the Council, will simply express the adherence of Council to the recommendation of the committee ; but it will of course be competent to the Council so to alter the resolution, as to fix in any other manner the principle of the Bill, or if an Insolvent Law be deemed unnecessary, to dispense with thr Bill altogether. The great objects of either a Bankrupt or an Insolvent Law, are to rescue the person of a debtor from imprisonment, unless he shall be found guilty of a fraud or concealment, and to secure to his creditors the equal or rateable division of the whole of his property. The present law of the colony does not answer either of these purposes ; it does not secure the person of a debtor from successive Imprisonments, neither does It ensure the equitable division of .his property among his creditors. It glvu- to the lumli or unmerciful creditor on uniluo advantage over the mild or merciful one, and It subjects the insolvent to successive Imprisonments, at the succes sive suits of his creditors, tltere being no process by which they can be forced all to come forward at Ihe mine time ; and with respect to lnmlreuui ubscnt from the Colony, or not In custody, It isultogctlier Inoperative, the consequence uf which was, in a lute notorious case, ibat instead ofone .process being instituted for the equal benttit of all the creditor*, a vast number of separate proceedings, (1 believe raoro than filty) by foreign attachment or otherwise, were entered in the Supreme Court, and no dividend hns as yet 1 believe been paid lo tho creditors. In England as in New South Wales, under tho law us it uow stands, imprisonment is a necessary preliminary to the benefit of the Insolvent Act ; whilst ou tlie contrary no imprisonment Is necessary to entitle a person to the benefit of the Bankrupt laws, which Inws moreover apply only to traders. Another difference is that property ac quired in any after period of life may be taken in satis faction of debts incurred prior to insolvency, whilst property acquired by a person who has been a bankrupt, and obtained his certificate, cannot be so taken. There is perhaps little reason for either of theso distinctions between insolvency and bankruptcy, especially in a country like New South Wales, where, with few exeep tlons, almost every person is engaged In some sort of traffic; and it Is also wurthy of remark, that Commis sioners have recently been appointed In England, to consider how the two sets of laws, and tho separate court' which nt present exist for bankruptcy and insolvency, may be united, nnd a system established to compreheid alt coses. The leading principles of the Bill prepaed by Mr Justlco Burton, and recommended by tho Juajes, In 1S3S, were,— 1st, Thitt any person, whether a trudsr or nut, might on finding hiimclf In difficulties, volunarily declare himself insolvent ; and that any person laving the arrangement of the estate of another mightdo tho same in respect to it. 'Jnrily, That any ponou, vheiher present In, or absent from the colony, might uider cir cumstances of npparcut Inability to meet thedeinands against him, bo declared insolvent, by a prows analo. gous to that by which In England a mnn is made a bankrupt. Srdly, That in either case, tic personal liberty of' the Insolvent should not be Invadrl, except by way ot punishment for fraud or concenlm-nt, but that bie whole of his property should be got ir, nnd divided equally or rateably among his creditors 4thly, That property acquired in nfler life, should no be answerable fordebts incurred 'befciro Insolvency, puvided a certain mnjtrlty of his creditors, bath in nunber and value, coucur lu granting u certificate slmlla* to the certificate uf conformity grunted to a bank mjit.ii England. These principles are also fully adopted b' the committee, of 1839 1 the alterations rccommenda1 by that committee, at the suggestion of Mr Justin-. Slcphan, having re ference only to the working out o these principles, or to Ihe 'modus opcrandl' of tha measure The chief objections which have been urgo against the principles of tho Bill, may I believe je summed up as fol lows :— f 1\. That the dread of the«verltles to which an in solvent Is now exposed beln; removed, inuny persons will be Induce! to declare themselves Insolvent, who -might othcrwlfe struggle ot, and ultimately overcome their difficulties. , 2\. That In the same way many creditors will compel their debtors to become insolvent, though they might refrain from doing so, if on liged, as at present, to have recourse to the harsh measure of incurceration. 3\. Thnt Insolvents biugthits rendered more common tbau they nuw are, tb upprehenslou of loss through the iusolvency uf uthcrs, 'III become more general than It now Is i and that, an natural consequence, the dlsposl. tlon tu give credit 'ill be diminished, and commercial enterprise will be ctmpcd in proportion. 4\. That a itractto of surrender, or ' cesslo bnnorum,' by private arran«ment, exists in tho colony, under which Insolvencli* are frequently arranged in a satis factory manner, though not strictly according to legal forms, and perhn- on this very account less expensively than they coui be If the parties were forced to go into court. A. And lo«ly, That an Insolvent law somewhat simi lar to tliat wilch Is now proposed was In force tn tho colony (II. 'eo. +tli, No 7.) fur two years, from April, ' 1S30, to Apil, 1832, but was nbandoued, partly In consc. quenco ol I ho ex|«n«o which it occasioned In law jiroccodlas, and partly from the increased number of InwWence' which occurred under it. That credit I* uoecssar to oummeroe, is an axiom too well established lo be deilcdt but at the came time, there must be njmlnt, beyond 'hich II ecnsis lo bo advantageous s and without attemjiug to decide where tills lKjint is to be fixed, it may perhip) be considered tLat,'in the {.reient state of iwr community, any thing whlcU tends to produca caution In the giving of credit, I; advisable rather than othervri«e. A relaxation In the severities to which debtors are now exposed, may perhaps be reasonably expected to have the effect of Inducing such caution j but on the other hand, If it fall to do so, It will encourage rather than repres* hazardous enterprise* by. diminishing the apprehension of personal dl^gracnor suffering, con fequcnt uton failure. Th» question to be decided by the Council Is a v^ry gmre as well as a very wide one, for it is not to be concealed, that either a sudden con traction of credit In the colony or a great prevalence of nrowed Insolvency woul.l greatly check Its forward movement, and by diminishing the rerenuederired from the 'tile, uf croun lands, might stop the course of emigra tion, to which we all look as the chief means of our prosperity s whilst on tn« other hand, a system of credit, so extensive as to give birth to schemes and speculations, ?Incommensurate with our real capital or strength, though productive, for tho moment, of great seeming pros perity, may only lay the foundation of reverses, such as of late years have been experienced in America, and have at different e|mehs serionsly affected Great Britain. 1 will only In conclusion, observe. Hint an Insolvent law catmor create Insolvencies, thjugh It may unmask a good ninny.™ HU Excellency then proposed a resolution to 'the fol lowing effect ?; — I ?' That this Council dee? adhere fa end arfopttherc ?cominendntion of the committee to whl«h the Insolvent '. bill presented by His Excellency the Governor on the 11th June, 1839, was referred ; and that Hli Excellency be ?consequently requested by this Council to cause the said , bill to he so modified in it: details, as to meet the recom. ; wendatlon of the committee' HU Excellency 'tated that Mr JuJttco Stephen had wigascrt to remodel it In Ihne weeks and -wished to know when he should propose the 'resolution. He pro (josed naming a week. Mr Jones -ald n fortnight would be belter. He would remind honourable me.inbon ol' the committee that Mr Justice Stephen lind stntc-l, whenexnmined before them last year, that the effect of the Insolvent law in Van Die men's Lund was, that In the space of three years there were'thrce hundred insolvents, -anil as there were many merchants in Sydney -whose affairs were not considered to be In a very settled state, he bogge I to move that the resolution be deferred to Tuesday, the lfith instant.— Carried. A sub- committee »as tlien appointed, composed or the following members, to consider tire propriety- of acceding to the conditions co:itaiiiol In thn correspond, enco with t lie Hoard of Ordnance relative to the surrender of the ground occupied by the military barracks in George-street, and the removal of Ihe Barracks, viz : the Colonial iecielnry, Mr Berry, Sr Jones, and Sir John Jamison. The'Goveriior then called the or.li'rof Ihe dny ; and The Colonial Secretary moved the second reading- of the Jury Act continuation bill. MrH. Macarthur hoped the Introduction nfthlsBillh.il no rercrenco to the proposed MlnbHshment ef Clrr«tt CourU. .His r.xo.llencv reulleJ that It had none whatever, the expediency of the measure, In consequence of the expiration ol' the old uct, being the tolo object of Us Introduction. The Bill was than read ani urdered to be read a third time on Tuesday next. Tlie Colonial Secretary movei the order of tho day — the second reading of the Hushranglng Act Continuation Bill. Mr H. Macarthur hoped his friend opposite (the Attorney General) Uui a BUI better Hda,itcd to public security thnn tbe one submitted — one that would protect the lives and properties of the iieo|ile, which were In jco|-ardy from the dreadfully dl'turbed state of the country, better— tie former being uttoily Inefficient and inoperative for the purpose. An impression hud ob tained out of doors that he objected tu the Bill because a clause lu it providing f»r the execution of criminals forty-eight hours alter conviction and sentence was not enforced. Tint was by no means the principle upon which he objected to the Bill, but It was because it did not afford adequate protection to the lives and properties of Her Majesty's subjects. He had hastily adverted to the subjoit the other day, by asking tho Attorney General why the provision* of Iho Act had not been put Into effect ? When first Introduced it was acted upon and oixratcd beneficially ; but since It ceased to be acted upon, thacUony had been getting in a worse state than ever. Tlie present alarming state of the country, where then was so little security for Ufa or property that settlers could nut leave their houses unarmed (nor were the/ tnte even in their houses) amply proved It- Even between Sydney and Parramatta persons could not travel free from the attacks of bushrangers. If no more efficient measure were proposed he should certainly move that the Bill be read that day six months. He thought the Council would be. only stultifying and bringing Itself into contempt by pussing it. The Attorney General said his honorakle friend seemed to misunderstand the provisions of the Bill. It had never been altered from the original Act except by the introduction or a clause fixing the time of suffering death after sentence, and he rccollectod that at the time that clause was proixiscd, his friend Mr Macarthur said hit thought It well calculated lo strike terror Into the hearts of those against whom it was aimed. He (tho Attorney General) had said that as Attorney General, he would never pray the execution of that clause, and he then repented it, because he considered it Inconsistent with an Act of Parliament passed In 1S37, that the clause should bo enforced hi 1SSS. He was not arguing whether the British Parliament acted wisely or not in passing that law, or the Council In adopting It. Tlie object of the Busliranging Act was best explained by its own title. Mr Macarthur had laid n very heavy charge against him In connexion with the disturbed state of Iho country, Insinuating, If not directly chirglng It upon his neglect of duty in not prosecuting under thisAct. He (the Attorney General) stated at that time, and did then, that no infor* matiou could bo filed by htm under it, the whole of the clauses, except the slxtb, empowering the police and magistrates to apprehend ana deal with suspected inrtlcs. Every day thero were prosecutions at the Quarter Sessions of convicts being illegally at large with . fire arms in Ihcir possession, and on conviction they were liable, to fourteen years transjiortatian by the Summary Jurisdiction Act. (Hero he went . through tlie clauses of the Act, seriatim, explaining their tendency.) No one clause had reference to tho i'ubllc Prosecutor except tho sixth. Whatever was the law of the land relative to rubber}-, houso-brcaking, and so forth, he prosecuted them under, without reference to the Bushranglng Act ; If it were otherwise no bushranger could be convicted at all. He ventured to assert that neither tho honorable member, nor nny other perton could put his finger np:in a case In which he had not prosecuted as speedily as It was possible. He was too well Impressed with tho necessity of doing so to neglect it, and |froquontly had requested the judges to sit between the sessions of tho Supreme Court to try inrlles when the nature of the cose convinced him uf the necessity of a speedy prose cution. The judges generally compiled with his rested but If they did not he was not responsible, the onus being upon themselves. He recollected the only tlmo he ever prayed for judgment under the sixth clause of the Act, was, when he was Solicitor General, in a case tried by Mr Justice Burton, and HU Honor refused compliance, In doing which, after consideration convinced him (tho Attorney General) ho had exorcised asonud discretion, because to execute men stcejied so deeply In guilt oftera career of crime, forty-elghthuursafterconvictlon, besides depriving them of the. moments nrcossnry to prepare for another world, was 'not calculated to strike terror Into their hearts. Mr H. Macarthur said that was not thciquestlon. He never meant tu Interfere with the prerogative of mercy. The Att mey-General continued. He defied Mr Macattbur to point out In this or any other Act & cum) wherein he did not prosecute as speedily as possible t if he could do so, all ho (tho Attorney-General) could say, wus, that he was ignorant of that part of his duty. However, as I lie honorable member said he had not alluded tntbat, it wasiiutnetcssary for him tiieipluin.tho Ions relating to the crime of robbery. He did not think Mr Macauhur meant to make a charge against him, but that he was under a misconception ; nevertheless, he did not think it fair to bring charges against public officers which, if true, would prove them unfit for the offices they held. If Mr Mncarthnr thought differently then he called on him to put his finger on a case wherein he had neglected his duty ; if he had he would have sub jected himself to a graver charge than any member of that Council could bring against him. Colonel Gibbes said, he saw no objection to the Bill, only, he thought It hard a man should suffer death for shooting at another who recovered. The Governor said, although sentenced to the extreme ppnnlty of tbe law It was not always executed. There was a man In gaol now under sentence of death who would not be executed. Mr Berry thought the bushrangers' law inefficient and one more astringent necessary. English laws were only applicable to free people. The severity of the English law had been relaxed in late years, and the 'Consequence was, that villains who ought to be banged were only transported. We had, therefore, a worse population than formerly, and tn framing onr laws we should make them stringent lu proportion to the laxity of the English code. Tho whole of the Act, with a imall exception, appeared to him to bo torn -one -ef tho English Vagrant Act. Mr H. Mscarthnr said, he hnd no intention of bringing charges against the Attorney.Gcneral, but, that botu the CeuncI) and the public laboured under s great misappre hension in supposing the Act was intended for the punish ment of bushtangers, when the Attorney-General hail informed them It was only for their apprehension, which only confirmed him In his opinion tif the propriety of bringing It under re-consideration. He wanted a law for the protection of life and property, and the punish ment of persons 'found Illegally at large with fire arms, and of those who harboured them. A-ntrther incon fbtency In the law was exposed Jiy the Attorney-General when he stated, thai a man found with fire arms only lu his possession was liable to fourteen years trans;*-rtation, wheToas, another convicted of shoot ing at every one he met was only sentenced to ten yearstrnnsportation. He was sure every honorable member would agree that ho was right In bringing it under notice, and in the neces sity of framing a law to have the efftct It wts intended to have had. It wai a perfect stretch of philanthropy to talk of giving men time to repent who went about shooting peaceable »etth»rs whenever they met them without giving thorn time to say, ' God save you.' In fact, the country was in a stale of civil war ; there was no security for life or property; no protection from the police and no odequato punishment for delinquents when captured. The Governor said, o. misapprehension seemed to exist in the minds of some members. The Act was Intended for the [apprehension and not the (.anlshinent of of fenders, nud If it were not enforced, who was to be blamed? Certainly, neither the Kireruur nor t.'io Ai turnuy General, nor any other officer uf the Government ; but the magistrates and the public themselves, for failing to co- operate with them in the apprehension or bushrangers— for the execution of the law was in their own hands. The only object iouablu part of Ihe bill seemed to be, that .one honorable member could arrest another uuiuraUe member with fire- arms, and take him before a magistrate, and the onus of exculpating him self rested upon him ; but he lad heard of little iiicon. venience attending it. The only instance that had ever been brought before him since he had had the honor of ad ministering this government, was in the case of an old woman at lllawarra, who, having seen or thought she had seen a man or a ghost behind a tree, called On the sergeant of a stockade to render assistance In pursuing and capturing him s when the Serjeant told her (prubably wlth an oath) to go and catch him herself. This was the only instance ho had ever heard of, and the Serjeant was punished by a fine of five pounds at the bench nt Wollon- gong. He had never heard of any man's house being broken open in the night time to search for bushrangers, nor the rights of an Englishman's castle Invaded, under sanction of the Act ; Indeed, he almost wished he had, for it would hare put a stop In n great measure to the system of harbouring. He had heurd a great deal of the troubled stuto of tho country, ami the government accused of laxltysf measures. Heoutd ualy say, tint he hod done every thing in his power to restore tranqulliiy. Ho had drawn up rules and submitted them to every police ma gistrate In the district, with a view of rendering the police more efficient 5 but If the public themselves did not assist them, they could do nothing. He was told the country was In a worse state now than ever. He could not say iu what state It had been previously tohUar. rival, but from nil he had learnt from the previous history of the colony, he did not believesuch to be the fact. But the fact was, that the people did not assist and cu- oporato with the government as formerly they did, but suffered theinttlvos, he would say pusillanlmously, In a cow. ardiy manner, to be robbed without making that manly resistance which ought to be expected from them. He could name the persons he nlluiled to, and if tempted to do so, he would not hesitate, to hold them up to public scorn. Tlie most unfounded fabrications had been In vented and circulated through the newspapers and otherwise. It was a subject dwelt upon by the public with absolute delight— with perfect rapture— and an evident disinclination on their part was mau!;os:od to assist the government In checking the grievances upju which they loved to dwell ; and he was convinced it was all for uo other purpose, than that of making up a case of tho terrible state of crime in this country for the Socro tary of State, In reprisal for taking away the land fund, and appropriating it to the police and gaols. As an instance of tho nature of these reporU, he need only mention one. When tho seven men were hanged for the outrage upon the blacks, It was reported throughout the country that persons wore deterred from protecting their property by their exnmplc, and the bravado threat was mndo use of—' If you hang us for shooting them, you cannot prevent us from poisoning them :' whereas, it -was well known, poison was never employed against them. The complaint against the police was raised for the same reasons as these exaggerated reports. He did not nit an to say that some causes of complalntdld not exist, but that even they had been greatly exaggerated. He bad had reports of disturbance* in the districts of Carcoar, Goulbourn, and Mudgce. In Cassills district, there had not been a single- bushranger, the whole of tbe outrages In that district having been perpetrated by assigned servants. He had received reports from Carcoar, that morning, and in consequence, had come to the re solution, which he was determined to abide by, of depriving ever}' convict in the district of Indulgence, of any kind, until It became more, quiet i if that had not tho dctlred effect, he would cancel every tlckot-of- leavc i and If that failed of the desired object, he would with draw every convict from the district by November next. He h»d given an order to. this effect, which would be published in tho Government Gazette. Mr H. Macarthur observed, that he had said, that , the southern districts wore disturbed, and he then repeated It. the Governor Inquired If the houorable member were aware that a commission ot' inquiry was in that district at present ? Mr H. Macarthur said, he was not. He had lately visited Argylc and he found It in a disturbed state. He Instanced the case of Mr Jamison, who was shot at when in the act of rising from his couch. The officer of the mounted police sent four troopers In pursuit, whom they overtook, and only captured, one, who fur want of a bead to direct their movements, they left behind them. Upon their return they were sent back for this man, but on their return they found ho had been apprehended at Berrima on another charge. During the last few months he had travelled several hundred miles through Iho country and he was surprised that he never met a police man on duty upon tho road, but at tlie public-houses he found them assembled, drlnlclujj. and draining, and at. one house : where ho stopped they actually began to quarrel with the landlord for removing tholr horses from the stable to make room for thine, of his party, saying, their horses were paid for as well as traveller*' horses. When at Yass he found horn racing permitted tn tbe streets and horso training on the sabbath. There was a ticket-of.leavc man who was one of the trainers, leading a horse which he was informed belonged to the police magistrate himself. He had a horse stolen some time ago and the man who itrlc It was never found. In pas-Ing through Queaubeyau he accidentally learnt where that man was to be found— he knew It, but tbe police did not know t they did not think It their business to inquire. With respect to settlers, if they take an active part against these thrice convicted felons they become marked men, as In the case of Mr Grovenor. The Governor asked what then was to be done with them ? Mr H. Macarthur— Why send them to Norfolk Island to be indulged there, that on their return they may play the same game again. He did not mean to charge any functionary — The Governor (Interrupting him with warmth) — But he did charge functionaries — he spoke of the magistrates, the Attorney-General, and other officers of the govern ment, and it was u matter In which he must be permitted to have something to say. ' Mr H. Macarthur continued— With regard to the pusillanimity of the settlers he would Instance the gallant conduct of Grovenor, Pry, and many otheis who had risked their lives In capturing theso dci|ieradoes. Whatever was told to His Excellency he should never fall to do his duty, to His Excellency, the Council, and the public At Bungonia he attended divine service, when to his surprise in marched the officer and bis troopers of the mounted police, even Without 't'.ielr side arms, lonvlng their barracks, several miles distant, un protected or In charge of a stable keeper, while tho whole district was In a state of commotion. He would say, the only efficient man in the mounted police was SerjeantPrere. who had done great service tothe country, nnd another mnn, nnmed M'Innis, who, In consequence, became a marked man. Thnt unfortunate man, Mr Hume, who left a large family behind him, was another victim. These were a few of the Instances which deterred settlen from interfering. In fact, this was the ' reign of terror' throughout the cuun:ry. The Governor said he could not follow Mr Morartluir through all the cases ho had cited, somex)f which he knew, others he had not heard before ; but he could only say timt if any representation uf any officer of the Govcrn inear, wliethcri»nglstTatc, officer, orsoMIer, were made to him, he pledged himself that he would deal with them without respect of person*. But he had'heard no complaints He has lately 'conversed with several gentlemen from Yass, and they made no romplnint whatever, on the contrary, they represented things as going on well. Prom Quennbeynn, he had had complaints, and iu consequence, had instituted a commission i.f enquiry which was now going on. He then Invited ony respectable person to complain of any dereliction nf duty on tho pan of cither magistrafs, officer', or soldiers, and he pledged himself they would he de.ilt with ; he could do no more, for he had neither head, earn, nor hands to extend over the whole territory. Sir John Jamison recommended that a committce.be appnlutedto consider the best means of restoring trnu quillty to the country, which, It could not be disguised, was In a state of great disorder. The (?'overnorsnid, a committee sat last year upon the subject, and every recommendation of theirs unattended with expense had been carried into effect. Anything attended with expense thoy would not hear of. Sir John Jamison would a«k if His Excellency would put the lives and properties, of tbe iwople in competition wltli the expense of securing tli-m ? The Governor (smartly)— Give me the money ! Sir John Jamison said, in reference to the punishment of offenders at Norfolk Island, he might mention a most notorious fellow called Hopjiy Tom, who was sent tu Nor folk Island, and who, at the expiration of his sentence, would probably be scut back to Sydney to re-enact Ihe same villainy as had charactcrl-cd his former career of crime. Tie Governor said, if the henonrabfc. member' wouM drop the Colonial Secretary a line, and furnish some anecdotes In the life of Hoppy Tom that would show the necessity of keeping him at Norfolk Island, he (Hi- Ex cellency) would take good care he did nut 'hop' up here. Sir John Jamison said, be would be happy to do so, and presu-d for the appointment of a committee. Tho Governor H»iil,'te could not grant a committee on so sudden ou application. With regard to settlers being marked men, as Mr Macarthur ju»tly observed they be came iu resisting the attacks of buslirnugere, It was only because there were so few Mr Grovenorc und Mr Frys among them, and because they wanted unanimity. If union existed theie would be no marked men. Hehad mentioned in his address the Introduction of a Bill authorising every district (o support its own police, se that when each district paid Its own police, the fault would lie remedied ; for when they pay for the police, and suffer through their laxity, it will mnke them look to their efficiency. The. cost of the police last year, ex clusive of gaols, was no less than £78,000 ! He therefore requested the honourable member to suspend his motion until the bill alluded to had been Inld before the Council. The Attorney General saidj the greater part of the dis cussion appeared to him to be irrelevant to the Bill, and he wished to make some observations jurtlcularly, as Police Magistrals and Military Officers hud been men tioned, ho thought unfairly nnd In bod taste, when they had no opportunity of being present to rebut tbe accuse tions brought against them— he would say invidiously. Mr H. Mocarthur rose to order ami protested against being actuated by invidious motive;. He had only alluded to them in the discharge of his public duty, and had mentioned no names. The Governor said that his charge was diametrically opposite to that brought by the Altorney General s he wished to know numes, cither officially or privately, he cared not which, for he would sjuiro no man. Tbc Attorney General Insisted that he was' not out of order. The word invidious he considered synonymous with bad taste, and in that sense he used it. He also Insisted that It was in extreme bad taste to complain of tho Police Magistrate of Yass for horse training. Mr 11. Macarthur.— On the Sabbath ? The Attorney-General continued— If the honorable member knew anything about the training or horses, he would be aware that It was as necessary to train a horse fur a race ou Sunday, as that the honorable member should cat his dinner, or his. domestics cook It. Tho ' eternal' black maro which they had heard so much of for a long time past, must also be saddled upon the Police Magistrate at Yass. Why I did not the honorable member know that he was ex-officio, as member of that Council, a Justice of the Peace fur the whole territory— and if he knew where, the man who stole the marc Was, why did he not issuo his warrant and have him before him? A no loss distinguished personage than the Duke of Wellington thought it not at all derogatory to his dignity to fit as a justice of the county with the magistrates Ht~ the Dover sessions, und why did the honorable member not exercise his functions tn this case ? He remembered when a relative of the honorable member was fined by the police magistrate of Yav, for harbouring a bushranger (and most properly did ho discharge bis duty In doing so) — he then censured him before thnt Council fordoing his duty, he now censured him for not doing it. He was proud to acknowledge the services rendered to tho country by the gallantry of n young man, whom he was proud to call his friend and countryman, he meant Mr Fry, with whoso father and highly respectable family he had been long acquainted, and had he not displayed that courage and gallantry which distinguished his father, he would not be his sun. By the spirit uf this meritorious -'oiirur man, a gang of the most desperate bushrangers that over Infested the colony was destroyed. The fate of Whltton's gang was too fresh in remembrance to make further mention of. It was Impossible tu mnko the lair more stringent than It was, one judge had objected to it as unconstitutional, but It was suited to the circumstances or tlie colony. He could not itliine anything to render it more stringent, but if gentlemen would put something practicable upon paper, and produce it, Instead of employing vague arguments, and indulging In strange fancies which were undcbatoible, something might be done. If Norfolk Island and Its punishments wore not sulnclont to strike terror into crhnnals-, hn did not kndw what other means could be adopted, except Lord, Ellenborough'j Act were to be revived In this colony, (hear, hear, hear,) which had been superse.led In England by Mr Peel's and other Ftatuten. - But this had nothing to do with the Bush. rxmrlogAcL The drunkenness the honorable member met with on the read was not very surprising, for, un fortunately, whenever wa go in. the lucallty or a public house wemeet with drunkenness t but that tho houumble member should have travelled so many hundred mile* without molctntlon was indeed surprising. That was not at all relevant. He was sorry that many of tho j mounted police did not do their duty, ana he never letsa opportunity pass of representing their conduit in thB proper quarter, ;when it appeared upnn any trial before the court. In the last scs-iuu a cajt- ut the kind occurred he wrote to Major Nunn upon the subject, and hsd' received a letter trom him informing him that his cuia. municatlon had been attendnd to. Iu the Ya-s district one of the must nefarious gangs of cattle stealers that ever infested the colony, was dispersed by Mr O'Brien whu headed the mounted police, and remained a turt night In Ihe bush In pursuit of them. If the U» wanted any revision, he thought the only debatf aM,, point was, whether shooting at the person with a guilty Intent should not be punished with death. Thl.hecju. bidered the onlydebateable point. (Mr Berry said something about the Pope of Runw which was iiiau'ilblt: In Mm gallery, but as tlie honorable member concluded by saying it wo* ' nothing about tho matter,' we presume It was not important). Mr James Macarthur (after begging indulgence for his maiden speech) said, he regretted so much personal matter had been mixed up in the debate. The question before the Council was, an Act for the Apprehension of Bushrangers, and as the efficacy of punishments had been talked uf, and th« Atturncy-UeiierarsobserratiujM hod suggested the possible expediency of revising tUg old English statute, he begsed to call fir a return of ti* number of persons cjiivictel during the last year, au.l the Acts under which they were convicted. Tlie Governor reminded the honorable member, tliat it was a point of etiquette uud a rule of Council to dis pose of the question under debate befure auylreshs.il-. ject was discu-scd. He thought the subject regar.lluj punishments carried inr enough— the Bill before them being for catching not punishing. Tlie honorable member could bring forward hli mutlju when the queitiun wai disposed of. Mr Jones said, tbe disturbed state of tho country w» notorious; there was no n*e in disguising it. It «u very well to say, -? turn outs' via, to be shot and leave » laxnlly looking up to them for educithiu and suppor: behind them unp'rovidsd for. Th= inactivity of ttio police was nlso notorious. If His Excellency were to givcasiini.ar pledge with respect to the police uiajls. trates that he had giveu with regard to ihe indulgeuceof convicts at Carcoar, and say, 'unless the dis.rict cease to be disturbed by a given time, I will dismiss you frum the Police Magistracy,' In thought, that instead of sitting in their easy chairs in Court Houses surrounded by their constables they would turn out and exert them, selves. In the former case injustice may be done by depriving a deserving tlcket-of-lcavc holder of his indal. geiux — in the latter none could accrue, but tranquillly would bo restored. As to bringing charges against tte magistrates it was out of the question. It was, at best, an ungrateful task, and whun the difficulty of su'-I stantiating them, frjm t!m cimraeter of wirnes-es wtiu will swear one thing to day, aud deny It to-morrow, *u considered, It would be s«n that the thing was Impractl. cable. No, ho wanted tho law mode more stringent, or some oth jr act more effective substituted. inei-overiiorsaiil, II the Council thought proper he would wish to withdraw the Bill, for if It did no harm hero it would at home, by deterring pe.iple, from emi grating to a country where they were liable to tw apprehended. He repeated tliat the only cjsb ever brought before him, was that of the old woman pre. viouily relerred to. Mr Berry said he had known of many. The Governor snid that might be,' but they bad not been officially brought under his notice, consequently ha was Ignorant of them. However, he knew ofnothinr more stringent tli.intu- law as it stood. The Attorney-General would remind honourable mem. bers, with reference to the Bill, of the celebrated Mn Glass's directions for cooking fish, in her well kn»n cookery book— First catch the .'almou, then coo's It. It was upon the same principle the Bill was framed. Mr II. Macarthur said it was generally supposed lust tlie Bill was Intended fur punishment as well. The Governor said, he could not account for what people supposed. They might suppose they were tub. mitring a Bill to haiig, -draw, aud quarter people, but it had no such object. Mr l.ithgou- suggested the propriety of withdrawing the Bill altogether, nnd substituting another. Tho Governor said, he would put that question. Mr Jones begged be might not be mlsunJerilood. Ha did not wish the Bill nlthdrawu but amended. (Phe honourable mcinbel-, in alluding to the tea drinkin coinforts of Captain Muchoiiochle's abmrd system of discipline at Norfolk -Maud, was Interrupted by llli Excellency, who said he would not hive itgoabroid that any change had taken place in the treatment of convicts at Norfolk Island, or that any thing like what Mr Junes alluded to existed; at least HE had not sanctioned it.) The Bill was then read, and ordered lu be read a third time on Tuesday next. Mr Jones said, as the system of prison discipline, n pursued by Captain Machouochie at Norfolk Island, wai of ihe greatest Importance to the public, and th'ir deepest interests rrero inralred In the experiment (the return of convicis Irum that settlement to Sydney being highly objectionable) he thought tlie. whole of the despatches and correspondence upon the subject ought to be published for general Information. Tlie Governor agreed with Mr Jones that It was of the greatest importance to the public. He believe t all the correspondence upon the subject hal already been pub lished in England, «nd he had no objection to their re publication here; but if the honourable member must his own despatches, be stwuld state that ho wa; nut ju* tlfieii lu publishing them, they being documents be ong ing to the Secretary of State. He had brought the pilnt strongly under the notice of the Secretary uf State spoVea of by Mr Joucs, namely, the, return of convicts after transportation to Norfolk lsland,as having a tendency to perpetuate the stigina of a convict colony. The result of the experiment no one cjulii form an opinion upjn, it being very uncertain at present. Captain Machonocbla did jiot like Norfolk Island for the purpose, and it vu extraordinary that the very circumstances pointed ou: by Lord John Russell as most favourable to the object vtra tbose objected tu by Captain Machonochle as disadvan tages rendering It unfit for the purpose. Mr James Macarlhur then moved for a return of on. vlctions during the past year, Tho Calairh Prevention Bill wai read n second tine, and ordered to be read a third time ou Tuesday week. The Impounding Act Amendment Bill was read a M eond time, and ordered to be read a third time on Tut day next. Oilucll adjourned to this day. The Reporter of The Australian begs to state in reference to an angry communica ion of Mr Surgeon Russell, in yesterday's Colonist, in which he is termed the vera cious Reporter, and iu which Mr R. pro nouuees it to be a falsehood that the jury on the late inquest on Mary Gleiiuie ex pressed their sense of the courtesy of (lie Coroner towards him, Mr R., that it is no falsehood— in Confirmation of which, he would refer Mr Russell to the jurors, who expressed themselves unanimously upon the subject. Ff'eslei/ans.—On Sunday next, being Whit Su'iulav, the anniversary sermons iu support of the Wesleyan Sunday Schools will be preached at the various .hapels a« under: In the morning 'iti ? Macquarie street by the Rev. E Sweetman; in the afternoon in Prince^street by the RevN. Schofield; in the evening in Macquarie street by the Rev. J. M'Ketiny ; aud in Druitt-street by the Rev. E. Sweetmao. Collections in aid of the institutions will be made after service upon each occasion. A public meetiug will be held in the Macquarie-street chapel the followiug evening. A sawyer named John Hamilton, lately arrived from Monaroo, went into a low brothel situate in Dnraiid's alley, with a £20 and two £1 uotes in the fob of m» trousers pocket, on Tuesday evening, and while lying asleep in an inner room, w notes were rehioved from his fob. m-j £20 note was taken away altogether, aui the two £1 notes were transferred to nu trousers pocket. A reputed common pros titute, named Aiin Byrne, is in custody oi the police, charged with the theft. The premises of-a Mr Bayle, situate on the Surrev Hills, were burglnriou-'lv en tered on ' Tuesday evening, between six a .d eight o'clock', during the teniporarj absence of the family, and property to a considerable amount was abstracted there from. No clue has been yet gauie.l uf »? robbers, hut it it to be hoped tliat tnc police will ba on the alert after them. We are aware that Captain limes has not a very numerous police force at com mand, but we hope he possesses the means of furnishing a patrolling nigrht constable for B -idge-street. This street has various entrances to certain neighbouring back stre-ts, where nisrhtly disorders are neither , few nor far between. A few evenings a-r0 a constable was loudly vociferated for in this vicinity for upwards of a qua-ter of k'ii huur, but n'oiie of the guurdiutis 01 the ui,r!it answered to the call. 'Coroners Inqnest.— \» Inquest was held veXrdav, nt the Brougham Tav«rn. Pitt Itree't. .mi the body of John 1 arki.w .a , ,'oine*ti.: in the service of Mr John kelk Shoemaker, of that street, who was found. ru»?euded iu the water closet, between ( ei.'ht and .nine o'clock in the morning. It ap'itearert.tl.iit the deceased, who was cook ti Mr Kelk, prepared breaklast for the I fam'ilv about ei-ht oVlock, and in about half an hour afterwards was found Imii^uip: bv a close line, fastened to one ot the rafters in the \vat«r closet. Some dilliculty was found in obtaining prompt medical as sistance, but in about a quarter ot anhour alter tlte discovery was made, Dr Walsh, of Kin'-street, attended, and used the usual means for resuscitating the body, but without effect. The body was still warm, and blood flowed freely from the veins which were opened, but life 'was eS tinct The deceased had been iu a des poml'inn- state for the few.days be ?had been iu -Mr Kelt's employ, who enguge 1 him priiu-iiiallv as he was in very distressed circumstance*. The jmy returned a ver dict of suicide while labouring under temporary. insanity. ?W;-v 1 1 ill*. — The drunkenness suul srene ratdi- iorderthat preVailsin this little hamlet !,'?,« been frequently brought mul.-r our rntice and wn, as in duty bound, have as often made it known to the authorities. yet we hear the evil has been increasing rather than abating since we first mentioned it. The scenes of riot and depravity enacted there every Sabbath are represented to be absolutelv'shocfcing'! An ex-coustable and semi-official functionary of the police (who iris succeeded in ingratiating himself into the «ood graces of tire gentry In -his vicinity, bv acting the part 'of special constable and taking unruly Servants to the watch-honse gratuitously, and there by securiii'- the confidence of the magistrates) named Joe Warfl, who keeps ii public house there, is represented to us as ~t lie worst character in the place— that he has turned away his wife, in order that he might carry on his nefarious schemes and practices with '-reater security; — and that tile most infamous characters' frequent his house, whom be encourages and protects in abusinn- and insulting persons obnoxious to himr All this we have heard, but if one thir.1 of it be true, we think it high time for Captain Irrnes tt begin to see with his own eves, and hear with his own ears, in this Quarter. We only know, 'that this Ward, when in the police, was always a 'well-known character' (whatever that phiasc implies), and that he was frequently dismissed the 'police for gross misconduct; therefote, how he managed to obtain a license in a place that cannot possibly support more than -one publican from the number oV its inhabitants (and we believe there are no less than thtee) baffles our ingenuity to divini?. We will set a sharp watch on friend Joe's proceedings, although ' over the hilts and far away. * lie may take our word for i't. Two valuable hors*es, 'the property of W. H. Duttorr, lisq, also a cow, shipped on ^oard the Cumberland for Port Phillip, died from the severity of the weather prior to the return of 'the 'vessel to this port, on Tuesday last. The 'Strawberry Hill estate realised £2.206 11s 3d. Mr Stubbs sold this ad vantageous property — it was subdivided into into thirty-four allotments. Space ?and time prevent us from giving the par ticulars of this important land sale. SHIP NEWS. A'cip Zealand.— -We learn by the Magnet that the French ships L'Astrolabe and Zfelee, from Hobart Town to the Bay of Islands, called at Otago in their route. The following is a list of whalers at Otngo on the 3rd May :— American — the Fanny, 13 months out, '2500 barrels, the Columbus, 10J months, '2100 ditto, Anna Mario, 10i months, 1800 ditto, Newton, 16 months, 1600 ditto ; and French — Havre, 10 months out, 1400 barrels, Elizabeth, 16 months, 1S00 ditto, Oriental, 14 months, 1100 ditto, Rabnnce, 6 months, 900 ditto. At the Bluff the Magtret left the American Yvhaler, Alexander Barkley, 4 tnonths out, with '200 barrels '; and at llorse Shoe Bay, a Portuguese whaler, 19 months out, with 500 barrels. The Magnet spoke the Sarah and Eliza beth, bound for Sydney from New Zealand on the 27th ultimo. COUNTRY NEWS. Port Macquarie, May 23. — The heavy rains which tor the last few weeks deluged this district hare made sad havoc with the maize crops, and, we regret to state, that many of the settlors, more particularly those on the Hastings, will be considerable losers. Piices have risen in proportion; ten shillings per bushel being, now de manded for maize. The overflowing of the rivers, which is always consequent on a few days heavy rain,' presents a serious drawback to the progress and pVospects of this district, and it'is to be lamented that the only means of remedying the evil, namely, damming the river, and con structing flood-gates, can only be ac complished by an expense of capital aiid labour, utterly incompatible with the re sources of an infant community. Some means must* however, be adopted to enable the inhabitants to carry off the water, which at this .season usually inun dates the land ; yet, we fear, that unless the rivers are bordered with strong dams, . or hanks of greaV thickness, the security of the country from inundation cannot in ' bad seasons be depended upon. Might not the settlers on the. banks adopt the excellent usage of tbe Hollanders, who assign to, every family a certain portion of the bank, iu the construction and repair of which, they are expected to assist when ever an emergency .'requires? We solicit attention to this hint, which, we think, might be acted Upon to the emolument of the farmer and landholder, and the general advantage of the community. — May 25, Her Majesty's liirth-Day. — On this aus picious day Her Majesty's faithful subjects, in this district, testified, their loyalty and fealty by the most joyful demonstrations. 1 he morning was ushered in by the ringing of bells, and the filing of guns; visitors from all parts of the district rapidlypouring into the town. A regatta was 'fixed for twelve' o'clock, and as that hour drew' near the harbour presented a very ani mated spectacle. Mncqu'arie had, indeed, .'gathered all her. beauty and her chi valry.' The elite of the county were assembled, and ' dark nyes — dark, soft, Australian eyes' shed additional lustre on a scene which will be long treasured in ' Australian Annals.' The regatta was under the direction of Captain deary ami Mr Middletou, who evinced much 'judg- ment iu their arrangement The dUtanee for each heat was from the Wharf to Pelican Island, and bank, about four miles. The match came oft' in the following order : — First Rowing Match. Second Class Boats Owners. Lavinia . . ?? Horatio Tozer, Esj. . 1 Gypsy ? ? ? William Mackenzie, li=q. S Maria . . . Captain Evans . . S St. Patrick . . J. n. Miildlerun, F*i- . * This was an ably contested affair: betting rather iu favour of the Lavinia, which won cleverly in twenty-four' minutes: the Gypsy closely following, and losing by { only ten seconds. Second Rowing Mstclk V;rst Cluas BoaU Owni-n. Luclnda Mr Hnyley 1 FslrJaue ... Mr Watson t Frederica . . . S. Stephen, E«q. 3 Mr Stephen's boat was rowed by four Aboriginal natives attired iu fancy dresses, and the'ir rowing for two-thirds of the distance tvas very good; indeed, their vigorous start caused the betting to be in their favour for some time. Mr Hayley*s boat won in 'twenty-five minutes. Sailing Match. Gypsy . . William Mackenzie, Esq. taTioia . . Horatio Tozer, Esq. This was a very scientific display, and altogether an interesting match. At starting there was no percepti-ble differ ence, and, for some 'time, both boats con tinued on a wind At lenffth the Lnvini.i kept a'.vay about half a point, and in creased her speed; the Gypsy then kept away also, and would have recovered her distance, but the bnVitiia was again steered more off the wind. Thus they continued altering their course, until the Oyp«y in making an untoward attempt to pass a btiat which, by the contritions of the match, was moored in 'the channel, lost much va tuable time in wearing round her, and making fresh sail on the wind. The Lavinia was by 'this tune in the wind's eye of her. So matters stood for .sometime, and betting was 40 to I on the Lavinia, now re-appearing in the distance on her t el inn, but bearing ?considerably more, to the eastward than was understood by her friends on shore, who began to fear tliat the light baffling winds would Vst give her enough to do to outsail the Gypsey, now also on her return and well into the west channel. In this dilemna a daring ma noeuvre was effected by the Lavinia's cox swain, who was acquainted with an intricate entrance into another channel tn the eastward, but the passage of v7hich was certainly never contemplated by the 'umpires. Tt was therefore to the surprise of every one that the Lavinia was seen to enter the channel. MoVe than once she grazed, but was soon clear again, and at length she flew 'before the ,\vi:id and bore down to the whaTf. The Gypsy soon ap proached by the west channel, and after a few moments' consultation was declared the winner ; 'a decision which, elongated the faces of inany of the knowing ones. ' But a change came o'er the spirit of the scene;' a brilliant feu da joie announced ? that 'the ' banquet waited ;' and the Pulteney Ho'tel was soon the centre of attraction. Our limits forbid us to attempt a description of the embellishments, of the festoons of flowers, or of the orange trees, which decorated the salle & manger. Suffice it to say that Major limes presided, and Colonel Gray .officiated ns Vice President.: After 'the 'usual loyal and patriotic toasts. Major Innes, in an eloquent speech, con gratulated the gentlemen present ou Hie flourishing state oT the district. He' glanced, iu a masterly style, at the ri-e, progress, and prospects of Macquarie, and adverted with great ability, to the incal culable advantages piesented by the open-' ing of -the road to New England and ? Liverpool Plains; -an event which, be predicted, would soon place the port of' Macquarie in a most enviable position. The gallant major concluded by announcing, . amid deafening cheers,_ that the whole of his own wool would, next season, be brought jVotn New England for shipment at this port. \Ve regret our inability to do justice to this festive oration, or to the many speakers who distinguished them selves on the occasion.. We canuot. how ever, refrain from noticing the excellence of the fare, which'was, with the exception of the wines,'the produce of the district. An attempt was-made to excite admiration For some Macqiiarie ale. but. we regret to say, it proved a failure. It was 'unani- mously voted an incompatible failure. ' Chi in squall Ida cervngla Allc labbra sue congiugno Frcsto muoro, o rmlo giugns All eta veccbla e barbogtii :' In a word, champagne, bright, clear, and sparkling champagne, totally eclipsed its ma'tish rival. Charles Coffin never dreamed that his classical ode would be so gracefully quoted in Australian lands, as we heard it on tbe occasion of this innovation. ' Ccrnls mkanti concolor ut vitro Latex in auras, gemmeus asplci, Sclntillet oxtiltim ; uique dulces N'nrlbiu lllecebrru propinef. , ' Succt latentls prodltor halltus I Ut spuma motu lnctca turbldo Cryttalllnuin latls rcferre Slox oculls propcrct nltorem.' ? We must-, perforce, conclude — observing, however, that the vintage of France did not enjoy a complete monopoly, the wines of sunny Italy being equally extolled and extlrcitated pending the exsibilation of the ule.— -Mat/ 21. We are happy to per ceive a very manifest improvement, as re gards punctuality and despatch, in 'the coasting trade bf'this porr, an achievement which we do assert, without dreading the imputation of vanity, is to be mainly ascribed to The Australian. Our constant attention to the communications of this port has, at length, had the desired effect, and we now expect to hear no more of interrupted intercourse, and vexatious delays. We subjoin the arrivals and de partures for the present month — Arrivals, May 2. Lucy Ann, from Sydney and tbe Resolution from Tryal Bay; 13th, Isabella, from Sydney, 14th, George and the Reso lution, from Sydney; 23rd, Vanguard from Sydney ; 27th', James Watt from Sydney. Departures, Mat/ 3. Daniel O'Connell for Sydney ; 19th, Lucy Ann for Sydney ; 2'2nd, 'Isabella for Sydney ; 23rd,' Reso lution, George, and Vanguard, for Tryal Bay ; 27th, James Watt, sails again this day, if possible. The Water Witch being completely repaired aud refitted) proceeds to sea in a few days. . , 