Original Correspondence, To the Editor of the Australasian Vlvronicle, -~ tying; Wonders. . NO. 3. The writings of holy women contain an account of many revelations, celestial visions, and otb r extraordinary graces received from God - " Introduction to the sacred Heart." , , ' ' , Sir, ' i We come now to, the Relics, Legends, and Revelations of your Apostolic Church, not that we have yet exhausted the lying wonders of the saints, there remaining untouched d4 folio vo- lumes of them, as published by -the BolIandisK, and some 12 octavo volumes of Mr. A. Butler's Hagiography, containing, wonders incredible, being of akin in absurdity and fable, with the mythology of the heathens. Indeed Popery and heathenism, as I may hereafter show, are intimately related—both cradled in superstition and deception, the younger sister borrowing largely in her use of incense, holy water, votive offerings, lights, objects of worship, miracles, processions, penances, pilgrimages, &c;, from her elder. 1 But, for a glance at the lying wonders of re- lics. 44 There is no part of Popery," observes a Protestant writer, " that depends so much upon downright lying, as that I am now enter- ing on, and there is no part of the system that gives such an humbling view of the beastly prostration of the human intellect." But doc- tors differ, it is said, and why not as well in the veneration of relics, as in pills and plasters, and some find Francis Joseph, Bishop of Bou- logne, in his pastoral letter recommending the devotion of the office of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, informing us of the high opinion enter tnined of relics by holy Mother Church ; how she venerates nails, pieces of sponge, winding sheets, &c.; &c.; '' Thus at other times (ob- serves this successor of St. Peter) she in the Church celebrates the finding and exaltation of the cross. In several places she exposes to the veneration of the faithful, (it should have been credulous,) the nails with which the bands and feet of our Saviour were pierced, the wreath of thorns-identically the same—with which the sacred head was crowned, the sponge which was offered to his mouth, and the winding sheet in which his body was wrapped; in a word, all that he has made use of in his mortal life, seemed to the Church worthy of singular ve neration, and of the particular festivals she has established for this purpose, in several ages; - here then is singular veneration paid to sponge, nails, thorns, &c;, and here are festivals pur- posely established for the encouragement of this spiritual exercise, and all this is declared to the people to be the pure, unsophisticated religion of Jesus. Where, read we of Paul, Peter, John, &c.; so engaged ; but it is enough for a Papist at any time, that mother church has de- creed it for ages, and who dare question her in falibility, her authority. From a catalogue of 1753, one would really be inclined to think that the catacombs of Paris, must have furnished some of the heads; the amputating rooms of Brook's and others, the arms, legs, fingers, &c.; ; and the dust bags and dirt baskets of the various metropolises of Europe, the nails, splinters of timber, parings of hoofs, and other rubbish, so adorable and so valuable in the estimation of mother church, and her enlightened sons.— Think of the, arms' of St. Matthew snatched from the worm and corruptor by these resurrec- tion men ; and distributed in France, Flanders, and Spain, the arms being multiplied, since his death into s x or eight in number. Then again the heads of Peter and Paul, in the Church of Latern in Rome, and the head of Doctor Plunkett, as Big Dan informs us. In the con- vent of Drogheda, the Ark of the Lord, made by Moses, rather an antique affair, together with his rod ; the table on which our Lord eat his last supper, in the same church of Latern in Rome, close to the Pope, the Vicar General of Jesus Christ on earth, so that there can be no doubt as to the reality of these things, al- though there was in those days some dispute between the Augustines in Bilboa, and the Franciscans and others upon the identity of these heads ; but besides these, there is the cross ofj the good thief, Judas's lantern, a curiosity cer- tainly we would like to see ; the dice which the soldieis played with ; the tail of Balaams ass, the oldest ass's tail, we suppose, in the whole world ; St Joseph's hammer and saw, all ready for work ; in addition to all which, there is au image of the virgin, drawn by St. Luke, fea- tures all visible, the combs of the twelve apos- tles ; the relics of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, in short the only things apparently wanting aro some remains of Adam, and the antedeluvian world. There is St. Thomas Aquinas, guide for the preservation of male and female chastity, which we nearly forget to mention in those days of lewdness, which we understand to be deposited at the Dominican Convent at Ver celli, patterns of which were manufactured by the holy nuns of St. Margarets, Acta SS. Mart 11-745-St. Thomas having descended him- self with two angels, to place the same round the waist of the blessed Columba of Milan— Acta SS. The order of Angelic Militia was instituted in honor of this precious purifying guide, as well as indulgences granted by Inno- cent X, to those who wore it, it having the pro- perty of making nuns and monks as " chaste as snow." It is to be hoped for the benefit of the virgin priesthood this guide has not been lost. The contents of the Glasgow Cathedral at the reformation would almost freight a vessel— the hair of the Virgin, the bones of St. Eugene and St. Blaise six hides containing very pre- cious relics, and a number of odds and ends possessing extraordinary virtues, for which see Beauties of Scotland, vol. 3. Who does not see in all this lying imposition, this veneration for old bones, saws, lanterns, nails, tables, &c.; &c.; the necessity of the re- formation if it was only that the dead may be suffered to remain at peace in their graves. Thanks be to God, says Regenald Scott, " this wretched and cowardly infidelity since the preaching of the Gospel is in part forgotten," This Colony we may soon expect to be filled with like rubbish to be venerated by the faith- ful , for I understand there is already some old Woman's body introduced by Father Ulla- thorne, and it has been told me by a medical man who through my instrumentallity escaped the clutches of popery, that the good biship has some extraordinary relic possessing the virtue of healing; but be this true or not, at all events, by Dr. Milner's account, as the process of canonization of saints is daily going on in Rome, there can be no fear of, there being a lack of heads and other members for the veneration of the faithful, especially as it is so very easy to multiply them by miracle. Having deserted the soul of the apnstles (i e. their doctrine) the Church of Rome has taken up the carcase, and thus exhibits the Saviour's heart, the Apostles' heads, the Virgin's milk, St. Joseph's breath, and Bishop Plunket's head, &c.; &c; as objects for the veneration of tho faithful on days of festival. There is in Fosbroke's British Monachism, a strange memerandum of things as having been delivered over by one Master Cannings, St. Mary's Church, Bristol, July' 4, 1470, to one Nicolas Helles, Vicar of Redcliff-as follows : , a new sepulchre, well guilt with fine gold, a liver thereto, an image of God Almighty rising out of the same sepulchre, with all the ordi-, nances thereto, viz -a lath made of timber and iron work thereto, then hereto cometh heaven made of timber and stained clothes ; then hell made of timber and iron work (this would be a great blessing to many) with devils, number 13 ; then four knights keeping the se- pulchre with weapons, 2 spears,-" 2 axes 2 shields; then four pair of angel's wings made of timber, and well painted ; then the Tadre, the crown and visage, tho ball with a cross; then the Holy Ghost 'coming out of heaven the method of teaching her people, 1470., What would we think of St.; Paul behind the scenes ; here a -Peter proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ, after this manner. This is a strange relic of popery; indeed, showing the profaneness as well as the lying character of that church. I would give a much more mo- dern account of this dramatic blasphemy of the Roman Church, as acted in Spain, during the war with France ; but enough has been said of this sickniug grave robbery rubbish collecting play acting part and portion of the Mother Church ; how thankful ought we to be with our Bibles in our hands, that we are better taught But next come the revelations of your church as absurd as those of ————, the bearded prophets who preach about Sydney. We Pro- testants disowu suck dreamers ; but your church sets her seal and sanction to these hysterical fancies; these maniacal imaginations, who has seen the revelation of the sacred heart. In the ftontispiece we have the Jeart of Jeses repre- sented with a crucifix stuck in it; after which there is a long introductatory and recommenda- tory epistle from the Bishop of Boulogne; in which we are assured .' that books of this révé- lation were printed and images of the sacred heart hung up in chapels and alters were deducated to it," In short, this silly dream of a silly woman, after filling Europe with persons, passed to Indies, Persia, America, Syria, &c.; &c.; The relation of this reve- lation proceeds to say " that in the octave of Corpus Christi Jesus Christ appeared to the Mother Mary, Margaret, a holy nun in the Convent of our Blessed Lady in Burgundy, and spake thus to her (a long speech, too long for insertion here), presenting her with his heart, he said " Behold the heart! !! and directed that a special feast should be held in honor of it, which was accordingly done." While again we have the revelation of St. Budget, a saint approved of by the Councils of Coastance, and Basil, to whom our Saviour also appeared, " informing her that were it not for his mother there could be no hope of mercy," llc\d. 1. vi, c. xxvi, p~364; also St., Ger-, trude, who describes our' Saviour as kneeling before his mother in heaven, and setting an example of obedience, vide Revel. St. Gertrudo la Magna, L. Ill, ch. xix.( 'In short, nothing is too absurd, too blasphemous for your church to sanction—relics, dramas, revelations. And now a word or two upon visions, some of which I verily believe no opium-eater or gin-drinker ever exceeded. A Franciscan novice, who was wrapt in a dream, saw the world cited for judgment before, our Lord ; the books were cast up, the balance struck, and so great the offences, that taking the globe into his hand he cast it into an abyss, for punishment ; at this the novice cried out Holy Mary help!!! The Virgin, rising in time from her seat, caught the earth (the first virgin that ever did so, I will be answerable,) knelt before her Son, presented it to him, and interceded for it. The novice awoke in such fear (it was evidently a fit of nightmare) as to expire on the relation of the tale, the truth of which was confirmed by an earthquake whick threw down houses, St. Anton. 3 p. Hist. Let. xii. Certainly nothing less could confirm such a vision as this ; but for another specimen of the marvellous. St. Dominic; in a vision, was carried into heaven before the throne of Christ ; looking around he saw monks, friars, and nuns in abundance, but he saw not a single one of his own order ; be asked the reason of so mor- tifying a disappointment; our blessed Lord laid his hand on the Virgin's shoulder, benignly answering I have committed your followers to my mother ; she opening her mantle, disco- vered an innumerable number of Dominics nestling under it. But to come to what Bede calls miraculum memorabile et autiquorum simile, Lib. 4, c1 ix, one Drithelm, a native of Northumberland, died one day, but early the next morning he came to life again (whether to the joy of bis friends or not, we will soon' see). His wife was very much frightened at this restoration, but he comforted her by the assurance he was to live some years longer, but unlike his former mode of life; dividing his substance into three parts, one for his wife, one for his children, and one for the poor, he took up his abode in a retired cell, and there practised great austerities, and related what he had seen while dead ; how he was lead by one having a shining countenance into a great valley, on one side of which were raging flames, on the other side cold blasts, hail, and snow ; both regions were full of human souls (the hot and cold purgatory, we must suppose, where poor souls would undergo a complete ague fit) seeking relief, rushing to and fro from the fire to the frost, and from the frost to the fire, either torment being alike insup- portable (what ! was there no one to pay the priest to say a few masses for these poor wretches ?) ; he supposed this to be hell, but his conductor said " No, this is not hell, as of 30 Of >d B is in of ir n le er at in al .)e 1 te lie se of r lie l8. .le thou supposeth ;" from this they,went to a more dreadful region, a deep pit, from which globes of fire ascended into the air and fell into the abysss, where they exploded, (these were the devil's fire-works, we must suppose,) for it appears these fiery globes were full of human souls, which, like sparks, were carried aloft and resorbed again ; the stench issuing from the vapour was inexpressible, incomparable, and unimmaginable. Certain dark spirits, armed with fiery tongues, ascended from the abyss and tried to seize him as their prey, but happily they had no power over him, and, the vision then proceeds by describing ; the guide leading poor Drithelm to more blessed scenes, and at last to heaven, from whence, poor man, he was led bank to earth. Such, sir, are a few speci mens of the lying wonders of your church "Impia Pietas." Well may South say, ' Will not the world be induced to look upon my reli- gion as a lie if I allow myself to lie for my religion ;" and what think you are these reve- lations and visions? Truth !! —Truth, and nothing but the truth. Any man who can be- lieve them, and make them part and parcel of his religion, must have a most voracious appe- tite for the marvellous. It is evident Satan does not feed your people with spoon meat. St. Paul, though caught up into the third heaven, seems to have had more reverence im- pressed upon his mind as to what he saw than either Mother Mary, Margaret, St Bridget, or St. Gertrude ; the Apostles indeed never saw such things as these dreamers. They never saw the Virgin Mary catching the world ! ! ! nestling dominicans under her mantle!!! 15,000 devils swarming out from the body of Buengumen in sparks and flames of fire, at the recitation of her rosary, and on touching the possessed with a golden wand (Possade's p. 126) -N-o, sir,' these revelations and visions were re- served for your church, and for such men as the bearded prophets whom you tauntingly spoke of in a late number of your paper, as having declared that they had received commu nications direct from God ; and, therefore, would it not be well that such fellows should be imprisoned, (see a recent number of the Australasian Chronicle ;) and what sir, think you,ought to be done with your beardless prophetesses " whose writings contain many re- velations, celestial visions, and extraordinary graces.', What think you, should1 they be im- prisoned ? O no, canonized, recommended to the faithful. So says Doctor Milner of the re relations " de la sour nativitie." One of which is,that a message was sent from heaven, directing that the nuns should leave off wear- ing linen chemises, and wear flannel ones again in conformity to the rule of their order. Of these revelations, says the Champion of Popery. " I cannot speak too highly of the sublimity and affecting piety of these revelations in gene ral, as for my part believing them to be the lying wonders and impositions of the devil. I cannot withhold my indignation at their folly, and their disgusting profaneness. WICKLIFFE. ' P. S. Legends and other lying wonders in my next. What a strange thing that we have so much of the Virgin Mary in the Devotions of the Church of Rome, and not a word, a single word respecting the Mother of God in the whole of the Epistles of the Apostles if she is the hope of the sinner. The gate of heaven, as the papists will have it. Certainly the Apostles have done her great dishonour, shown her great neglect, and done inconceiv- able injustice to the Church of God, in not enforcing upon the early churches her claim upon their religious veneration and worship. How unaccountable that St. Paul amongst all his revelations, inspirations, and instructions on St. John, to whose charge the Virgin was confided, should have thus left this " deified mortal" unnoticed in their epistles, but St. Bridget, St. Gertrude, and others have amply made up for this neglect. "Those who are in the society, or confrater ntiy of the Rosary of the blessed Virgin may have a plenary indulgence the day they are received, (no time lost) any one time of this life that they may please to appoint—at the hour of their death—every fast Sunday in the month—every day of the fifteen mystials— and for saying the rosary for one hour—(an hour well spent) once in the year—besides several of the indulgences."—Poor Man's Manual, p. 207. W. 