Hobart Town Police Report. Several ticket-of-leave-men were charged with misconduct and were severally sentenced to hard labor for short periods. John Matthew, a government labourer at the New Custom House, was sentenced to six months in chains for stealing two cedar planks. James Costello, Thomas Weare, and John Rider, licensed publicans, were each fined £5 for a breach of the Licensing Act in opening their doors on a Sunday. Jane Devereaux, ticket-of-leave, was sentenced to 48 hours in the cells for using obscene language to Mrs. Tegg. John Wright was fined 5s. for assaulting a constable in the execution of his duty. John Barber and Thomas Ames, constables, were sent to the roads for misconduct. Richard Bilkinton, ticket- of-leave, was sentenced to three months on the roads for being secreted on Mr. Wilkinson's premises. John Macdonald, ticket-of-leave, was sentenced to one month on the roads for misconduct in a public house. Donald Currie was sentenced to three days on the tread-wheel for misconduct in his hired service. John Akenhead, ticket-of-leave, was sentenced to six months on the roads for drunkenness and missing his muster. James Hutchinson, a free hired servant, was sentenced to one month in the House of Correction for insolence to his employer. James Hilyard, a seaman of the Sea Horse, was sentenced to two months on the tread-wheel for refusing to work on board that vessel. Thomas Kirk and William Hughes, constables, were charged with misconduct; Hughes was fined 5s., and Kirk was sentenced to 21 days on the tread-wheel. Edward Johnson and Robert Willis, two other constables, were reprimanded for misconduct. Two women were charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduct in the public streets. This charge failing, the constables filed informations against both, for being common prostitutes. A Solicitor attended for the women, and crossexamined all the witnesses, who failed to prove the latter charge, and the women were discharged. Two ticket-of-leave men, were reprimanded for misconduct, in stating themselves to be freemen. Richard Wood and Jane Hutton, both ticket- of-leave, charged with misconduct in cohabiting together, to which they pleaded guilty. Their tickets were suspended six months, and during that period to be kept to hard labor. Mrs. Meyers was ordered to find bail to answer a charge of perjury, alleged to have been re- cently committed on a Coroners' Inquest, on the death of a child found drowned, when she swore the father and mother of the child were at Port Philip, whereas, it was afterwards discovered, that Mrs. Meyers was the mother of the child. The country generally has been quiet. A robbery on Mr. Clarke of Launceston,—and another at Mr. Home's, has been slightly reported, but not officially, but what from the best information to be obtained, both cases have been highly exaggerated. James Gascoyne, ticket-of-leave, six months on the roads for misconduct, in entering the bedroom of the nursery maid, at Mr. Davis's, for an improper purpose. Mary Madden was charged with incontinence. Her husband seemed disposed to look over her conduct, and begged she might be discharged. This was the first appearance of the constable in his new office, and he was cautioned not to make himself too busy. John Holland was fined 10s., for obstructing a constable. John Allen was ordered seven days to the tread-wheel, for misconduct, in obtaining goods without a written order from his master. CONSISTENCY—We have lately seen the local Government compelled to do an act of justice to Mr. O'Connor, of St. Peter's Pass, in awarding some acknowledgment for the great loss he sustained by the firing of the stacks (as is supposed) by bushrangers- Five Hundred Pounds was the sum awarded him, it being imagined, and perhaps truly, that his exertions to apprehend some notorious characters had occasioned this act of incendiarism. With this recent acknowledgment of the principle of re- muneration and under such circumstances before the Government, perhaps our readers may be surprised to learn, that peremptory orders have been recently issued, to immediately sue Mr. G. W. Gunning, the senior Magistrate of the Richmond District for the large amount of 25 bushels of seed wheat, lent to him from the Colonial Stores in 1833. In that year, or the year previous, Mr. Gunning was burnt out, (there cannot be a doubt) by an incendiary. He then lost more than 1000 bushels of wheat, and in order to assist him, Governor Arthur directed that he (Mr. Gunning) should have 100 bushels of seed wheat from the public stores. Since that time, he has returned 75 bushels, and is now peremptorily called upon to repay the remaining 25. We do not object to the grant to Mr. O'Connor, but we do, on public principles complain, that so little consideration is shown to Mr. Gunning, whose claim was, and is, equally as just as Mr. O'Connor's. We have never once heard a doubt expressed as to Mr. Gunning's stacks having been destroyed intentionally, by some one who had been brought before him in his Magisterial capacity, and as he, up to that time, was one of the most active instruments of prison discipline in the Colony, he certainly ought to have received this small supply of seed wheat as a prompt, though in- adequate acknowledgment from the Govern- ment, without being rendered liable to be sued for it, by the Crown Solicitor. We do not mean that the value of the 25 bushels of wheat is, with Mr. Gunning, worthy of dispute, on the contrary, we are most happy to state, that in his pecuniary circumstances, as well as in his mind, he is sufficiently independent of the Government ; but we ask, upon public grounds, is such a call worthy of the Government? Is such an act as that of threatening a suit upon such grounds, and under such circumstances, either liberal or proper ? There is an old saying, or rather piece of advice—" if you have not any decency, perhaps it may be well to sham a little ;" and we think it will not at all be out of place for the Government to do so, in this instance. We beg Mr. Commissary-General Maclean, who has not been long amongst us, not to commence the voluntary screw system ; he will be sufficiently instructed by " my Lords" to work upon that plan wholesale, without opening a disreputable concern, for the pounds, shillings, and pence benefit of the Crown. It is this driving the nail too hard, this once too often—after the fashion of Sir George Gipps, in raising the upset price of lands at Port Phillip,—which dissatifies the many with the few ; which, in fact, creates a similar disgust to that which we now feel, at this pettifogging attempt to annoy a very old magistrate, and one of those numerous settlers, to whom the Government is under the very greatest obligations, for having lived so long patiently under, and given their support to, its prison discipline —its irresponsible power. It is, in truth, a very disreputable affair. CAPTAIN BANNISTER'S LETTER We leave the more material points, touched upon so ably by the writer, to future consideration. At present we shall only allude to one paragraph, that in which he represents tlie great tide of emigration to the Back States, as flowing from Europe. This is an error. Three-fourths of those who settle in that direction, are from the States on the sea-board from New York down South, as the Yankee would say, to North Carolina. In former years, the strength of the United States lay in that direction, its left resting on the Bay of Fundy, and its right on Luisianna, and lacing the Atlantic Ocean, whilst in its rear were the territories of the Indians, and the far west. Now, the Nation has wheeled back upon its left, its right resting on the Pacific, at the Columbia River, and over the llocky Mountain. The great American Nation has, therefore, to use a military phrase, changed its front. The emigrations to America from the Old World, are a mere unit in the scale of numbers, who pass on—on—on to the far west, and no one can understand, or do justice to this, who has not seen it in the reality. Two thousand cart loads of furniture and stores, is about the general average of transfer per week, throughout the turnpikes of the township of Rochester alone, during the emigration season, to the westward. This will give the reader some feint idea of the emigrations of America, and the go a-head system of the New World. SYDNEY By the Sir George Arthur, we have received files of the Sydney journals, from which we will insert other extracts, in our next. By their medium we also receive English intelligence to the 20th June. There does not. however, appear to be much of any especiai interest. Sir Harcourt Lees, the Titus Oates of the present day, the Deputy Conjuror of the Orange Lodges, the political ghost of his great leader, the Duke of Cumberland, has volunteered to prove the existence of a ^r.md conspiracy, out of which sprung the boy Oxford's vagabond and successful attempt to make himself notorious. In perfect unison with this endeavour to hoax the public, is a proclaimed fast for three days, to thank the Almighty for the preservation of the life of our most gracious Queen. We observe also, that a considerable excitement has been created by the unnecessary harsh treatment of Mr. Fergus O'Connor, in York Castle. The last, prices of wool and oil will be found in our columns. The Boundary question with America was not settled. The trial of the late Lord William ltussell's valet, for the murder of his master, had not taken place. The Queen's visit to Epsom races, with Prince Albert, who is patronizing horse racing, had excited a good deal of attention. We will give the particulars of the Derby in our next. Some excellent racing in France, had drawn over vast numbers to the French capital. The English horses were taken up from Calais, oil the rail-roads, in vans; but they were beat, horse and man, by the Frenchmen. This competition is far more satisfactory, than the two nations being occupied in knocking each other on the head with round shot. For the amusement of our sporting friends, we will give, next week, The Turf, in two columns. It may, perhaps, prove as generally amusing, as reading the debates on the miserable affair about the loaves and fishes—the Bothwell Church. INSOLVENT COURT The claims of Mr. Dunn, as Managing Director of the Commercial Bank, for £255., on the estate of Mr. II. Savery, were refused by the Commissioner on Wednesday. It has been clearly proved by verbal evidence, and by documents, that the Insolvent has laid out more than £700 on Mr. Dunn's estate, at Hestercombe, which he Savery rented, and that the bill of Montgoxnerie's was merely the renewal of another. It is true, the Insolvent has placed himself in a position beyond the mere consequences of an insolvency ; but this is no reason why he should not have justice done him,—why his estate should be burthened with Mr. Dunn's claim,—a claim, in fact, which ought n»ver under all the circumstances to have been made. We allow no private feelings to operate upon us in matters of justice to an individual, and especially if he be placed, even by his own act, in a situa- tion of difficulty. We think Mr. Peet's conduct as the Assignee, highly praiseworthy, and that the attempts made to influence him are any thing but proper. We have heard a most extraordinary version of this matter, which we will take time to consider. THE ROAD ACT.—We object to this Act, because it carries with it the right to legislate on a question of taxation, before the right of the people to legislate for themselves in pecuniary matters has been acknowledged. We have every objection to putting aside one evil of minor import, to create one of greater consequence. • We object to the proposed authority to raise funds, even for an useful purpose, unless that authority be founded upon what would be acknowledged as law, in either of the British Colonies, This is merely, at present, a penal settlement, and under the prison disci, pline laws by which it must (as Colonel Arthur very properly says) be governed, there is no excuse for introducing anything like taxation. Whilst this Colony is one of the depositories of English criminals, and whilst the Colonists are subject to all the consequences of such an order of Government, we see no reason why they should be taxed in any way, beyond the taxation they are subject to, as the instruments of prison discipline ; and above all, whilst they 'are subject to, • all tlie second-hand advantages of such a position, shut out from all the real good which is enjoyed in the free Colonies of the British Empire. However this may be, and whatever may be the result of these considerations, we say, the Colonists are called upon to resist, to the utmost, these unconstitutional exercises of irresponsible power. It matters not what the question may be, if the object is to draw money out of the pockets of the community to do that which ought to be done by the Government. Cut down the useless amount of salaries to those, who in reality do nothing for the good of the Colony—give to the lower branches of the several departments, a fair return for their services— place the arailcble labour to useful account— and then there would be no occasion for this left-handed taxation. Besides, who would think of acknowledging anything like a legal right, in a, Legislative Council so constituted ? A Council, which we again repeat, is a curse to the Colony, for, had its members sufficient independence to retire, His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor would never have sufficient courage to carry out his measures, such as they are, for the government of this Colony. Wo are told, that the Act does not give an acreable assessment; if not, why is it so stated ? It may mean no assessment; but if so, why is the contrary inserted in the Draft ? We can only judge of the intent, by what we see placed before us. In all the British North American Provinces, in opening out new roads, the first expense is incurred by the Government, after which, each proprietor is compelled to keep in repair, the road in front of his grant. This is done under the supervision of a District Road , Surveyor. But there, the people of the Territory have a voice in the Government, they are not, as they are here, mere slaves, subject to the absurd enactments called laws, by which either " knowingly," or not " knowingly," as in the monstrous hodge-podge, the Licensed Victuallers' Act, they are made liable. We doubt much, if, as English subjects, they can be legally made subject to these laws. However, " might is right''' and therefore we can only now take the consequences of living, not in a British settlement, but m a large gaol. AS to the; assessment, the tax attempted to be imposed I under the lload Act, it is in truth a mere effort J at showing something like liberality,—a shadow ! without the substance,—a pretence for shelter- j ing the Government from not incurring those expences which by it, it is vainly hoped to throw upon the community. We say, whilst this is j a penal settlement, one of the penitentiaries of the Mother Country, let the Home Govern-! ment pay every shilling which can be thrown' upon its shoulders to pay. Let not the Colonists show a willingness in any way to tax themselves. Let them not show a disposition any longer to remain the mere instruments for carrying out the unresisted demands of the Mother Country through its Secretary of Staie, who ought long since to have placed these Colonies in a very different position. If the present Governor has no power to apply prison labor to useful purposes, let him retire from his situation :is the principal Jailor,—if he chooses to exercise power, let him send every man upon the roads, —but let him not attempt here to introduce, through the medium of his Fantoccini Council, the farce of liberal institutions, which are not founded upon anything better than a mere affectation of election by representation. No man can be justly taxed ercepi by his representatives duly elected. TUF. LATE COLONIAL TREASURER Mr. Gregory leaves the Colony on Wednesday next, by the Mary Hay. We beg to assure him, that he takes with him the most sincere good wishes of the community, and that, excepting the slaves of irresponsible power, there is not one person here, who does not wish him and his family a safe voyage to Old Edglaud ; and also, that his public worth may be duly acknowledged and appreciated by the Government, which he has so honorably, and so faithfully served. Nothing shall be wanting on our part, to save him from the base calumnies (after he has left) of those who write for hire. We regret his loss to the Colony, and we assure him, that we will, with others, protect his character in his absence. CAMPBELL TOWN.—A Public Meeting is advertised in the Gazette, to be held on the 28th instant, to address Her Majesty and Prince Albert, on their escape from assassination. MECHANICS' INSTITUTION The last Lecture by Mr. Richardson, will be given on Tuesday evening next, after which it is hoped, the Rev. J. Ljllie, the President of the Institute, will deliver the concluding Lecture of the present session. NEW ZEALAND We understand that the brig Caroline, which sailed oil Wednesday the 14th instant, for the Bay of Islands, was freighted at £3 10s. per ton down—£15 cabin, and £7 10s. steerage passengers, and that fifty persons were entered out at the Custom-house. THE ALBERT COFFEE POT.—Everything new in England is now named after the lioyal Consort, and so we find here, in the instance of a most ingenious invention of Mr. John Woodcock Greaves, for the making of that most wholesome beverage, Coffee. We understand the Albert vase, as it is called, may be purchased at either of the china shops, for half-;>crow:;, and that the inventor will gladly explain all that is necessary to know, relative to this unique article of domestic use. We are how-- ever requested to state, that all letters on the subject, or orders for supply, must be post paid. LICENSED VICTUALLERS' SOCIETY As will be seen by Advertisement, a Quarterly Meeting is about to be held at the Theatre. MARKETS, OCT. 23 Wheat, 7s. 6d. @ 8s. ty bushel ; oats, 5s. @ 5s. Od. ; Cape barley, 4s. @ 4s. Gd.; English ditto, 5s. @ 5s. Gd. ; loose hay, £G @ £7 ^ ton ; pressed ditto, £7 @£8; straw, £3 (ffi £3 10s. ; Port Arthur coals, 14s. ; Sydney ditto, 36s. ; she-oak, 14s. ; gum, 10s. j black and apple potatoes, Ss. @ 9s. ^ cwt. ; shingles, 18s. ^ 1,000. 