KESSIMiTON PETTY SI'SSIOKS. Yesterday, after the night charges were gone through, a female of respectable appearance aud lady-iike manners, about 40 years of age, was ushered into the presence of Mr. Barlow, the sitting magistrate, having informed the officers the had a most imporuiiit application to make Mr. Barlow— What is your business, madam ? Applicant (in a mellifluous tone of voice)— I want several of my neighbours taken intocustodyand punished. Sir. Barlow— Un what grounds, madam? Applicant — You fee, Sir, this black eye, and this scratch over my forehead. Well, Mrs. Itodwcll, one of the parties, yesterday, went to the pump end threw some water over my stones and over my feet. Mr. Barlow— There oppc.irs to me to be a mark under both your eyes ? Applicant— Oh, no, Sir; but 1 have flowers in both my eyes, and also upon my forehead. Are you Sir John Mr. Barlow— No, madam, 1 am not. Applicant— Oh, because 1 went to Sir John LiUie when I had a pink incense upon me. Mr. Bnrlow— A piuk incense— pray what is that? Applicant--Why, you see, 1 sometimes smell like wall-flowers and sometimes like lilies. I call it incense, because it has a pink light, and when I smell my clothes, they have a pink smell. Sir. Barlow-But why do you call it a pink tmcll 1 Applicant— Because tile smell resembles that of pinks. Two or three weeks ago J swelled cither like green gages, crapes, or egg-plums. Mr. Barlow— Have you any family, madam? Applicant— Oh yes, Sir; my eldest son was born on the 28th of August, 1822, with the sun standing directly over the bouse. He has the finest figure and the most beautiful form imaginable. Me is a fine fellow, with waving golden hair, and smells iike biggaroou cherries. My youngest ton is also very beautiful. He smells like a peacb blossom. Mr. Barlow— Pray what may your ll rune be? Applicant — My name is Thatcher. I am the Virgin of Spring, I ought to bare the Speaker's lady's fortune Mr. Barlow— Are you, then, related to the Speaker's lady? Applicant— Oh nog but you see. Sir, 1 was at that time the blue snd white marble lady. 1 was said to be symmetry, and rot breclh wll blossoms. Mr. Barlow—Will you favour rot with your residence ? Appplicant— Most certainly. I lire at No. 10, Bri tannia place; Hammersmith. Vop see, Sir, when I was bom I was all over blossoms, andjue sun and moon fol lowed me, and the fruit trees were all in blossom in the Fpbruary of that year. Mr. Barlow— Do not you think it is rather unnatural fur a human being to smell as yoli hare described? Applicant— Oh, no, Sir, not at all. Even the suds in which my clothes are washed spifll of it, and when they arc poured out the very air is perfumed with the scent. Mr. Barlow — Why do you nbt adopt some means lo prevent these annoyances? ' Applicant — 'Why did not oar Saviour use unnatural means to prevent the Jews persecuting him? Mr. Barlow— Hut he meekly submitted to it; you want to prosecute those who annoy you. A pplirant— Yes ; but from I and mine all goods pro ceed ; therefore I want protection. Mr. Barlow— Well, of whom do you complain ? Applicant— Of a Mrs. Jones, or a man like her in petticoats ; they have murdered the Holy Ghost upon roe. Mr. Barlow— Why you tell them and talk to them about things they do not understand. A pplicanl — Then they are fools ; they have eyes which sec not, and cars which hear not. Dou't you tee, Sir, I have peach blossoms on my checks ? Mr. Barlow— Who has to'ld you all this? Applicant— A loud voice, Sir; perhaps it was thun der. Mr. Barlow— I would recommend you to leave Ham mcremijh. Applicant — That, Sir, Would be very expensive. If the law is not productive of justice, there otiirht to be no law. I am Flora the Queen of the Isles. I had the voice of the planet at my birth, and was the first blessing of the country. I ha\e never been spoiled by bearing children as other females have. They get old, 1 do not; for 1 bdvc milk all over me and in me. My very per spiration is rose' water. 1 am n soft-boned woman, and God has blessed me more than any one else. Tnc applicant would liavc proceeded in the same in coherent strain much longer, had not the magistrates, to get rid of her, suddenly left the bench, on seeing which she stalked majestically out of the office. 