MISCELLANEOUS FOREIGN. A wild attempt to excite civil war has been made by Louis Napoleon, a maniac of the Bonaparte family. On Thursday morning, he made a descent, as it is termed, upon Boulogne, with about fifty fol- lowers: they marched to the barracks and endeavoured to seduce the soldiers from their allegiance: the National Guards were called out, when the Prince and his followers were obliged to flee. They were fired at in their retreat, and several were killed in their attempts to reach the steam- boat that took them to Boulogne from England. Some few forcibly took possession of horses, and tried to escape; but most of them were secured. The following mad manifesto was issued by 'Prince Louis on his landing — " Prince Napoleon, in the name of the French people, decrees as follows : — " The dynasty of the Bourbons of Orleans has ceased to reign. The French people are reinstated in their rights. The troops are delivered than their oath of fidelity. The Chamber of Peers and the Chamber of Deputies are dissolved. A National Congress shall be convoked on the arrival of Prince Napoleon at Paris. M. Thiers, President of the Council, is appointed, at Paris, President of the Pro- visional Government. " Marshal Clausel is named Commander-in-Chief of the troops assembled at Paris. " General Pajol is to be Commander of the First Military Division. "All the chiefs of the corps who do not conform immediately to these orders shall be replaced. "All officers, sub-officers, and soldiers, who will show their energetic sympathy for the national cause, shall be recompensed in the most distinguished manner in the name of the country. " God protect France. " LOUIS NAPOLEON " The steam-packet in which he landed has been taken into port, and all on board have been arrested and placed in custody. On Saturday Louis Napoleon was removed from the Castle but his destination was not known. On entering his carriage he said to the people assembled " Adieu, mes amis , nous ne nous reverrons jamais.'" A bystander replied, "Les cen- dres de votre grand progeniteur seront votre protection. The insurgents have undergone examination, but secrecy appears to be the order of the day, as yet nothing has yet been revealed to the public. Royal ordinances have been published in France, calling into active service 150,000 additional soldiers, and 10,000 seamen, five ships of the line, thirteen frigates, and nine steam-ships. The dates from China are to the 11th of May. The Chinese were actively engaged in making preparations of defence. Volunteers were invited and encouraged to join the Celestial army, and the women of several of the maritime cities had been removed into the interior from fear of an attack of the English. No hostilities had, of late occured along the coast ; except a brush between the Water Witch (which was at Macao on the 11th April) and some Mandarin boats. Of the plan of operations nothing had transpired; but it was generally believed that the campaign would open by the bombardment of Canton. The Bengal Hurkaru , under the date of Penang, 23d April, mentions the arrival of five transports at Penang, with troops on board. Two vessels had lost one man each, another four, all except one by cholera. The stay at Penang was expected to be longer than had been anticipated. Opium was selling on the Chinese coast, at from 600 to 700 dollars the chest. The Lord William Bentinck , from London and the Lord \- Castlereagh, from Karrack, both with troops on board, were wrecked off Bombay harbour on the 17th June. 28 of the crew and officers of the former, 7 passengers out of 11, and 65 soldiers were lost, and only 70 out of the 200 persons on board the Lord Castlereagh were saved. A dreadful murder, followed by the suicide of the murderer, has been committed at Boeseghen, a commune situate about a league from the city of Aire, upon the route to Hazebrouck. The man, Georges Bernet, lived in concubinage with his servant, Euphrosine Bourlier, aged 42 years, whom he shot with a pistol, and whilst she was stretched on the ground weltering in blood, he armed himself with a gun, loaded with buck-shot, the barrel of which he placed against his left side, under the heart, in which, by stepping upon the trigger with his foot, he lodged the contents. His death was instantaneous. Bernet was in the possession of a comfortable living, and had some property. The motives which led him to the commission of this twofold crime are not authentically known ; it is said his victim was pregnant, and moreover that she had previously given birth to a child. A correspondent of the Alsace at Baden states that a few days ago a young man, a visitor of the baths, shot himself, in despair at having lost 10,000f, at the gambling table. A gentleman from Marseilles had lost 60,000f, there at the same time. M. Paul Legrand died a few weeks ago at Dijon, in Burgundy, at the age of seventy-one, leaving the following memoir, whereby he proves that he had not lived : — " All that is suffering, sorrowing, ennui, despair, desire, regret, should be deducted from life, because we our- selves should have deducted it, had Heaven permitted. When three years old I was weaned, at six I could speak but badly; at seven I split my skull ; at nine I was cured. I must, therefore, deduct nine years of my existence, for surely to drink a nurse's sour milk, not to speak, or speak badly, and to split one's skull, is not living. At the age of nine I began my studies. Owing to my cracked skull, my head was a hard one, and I proved stubborn to tuition. I required two years' labour to spell the alphabet. I was indebted to the letter Z alone for about fourscore hundred lashes ; the other twenty-three letters made a complete martyr of me. At the age of twelve I could read, but my body was mangled with the alphabet scars. An attempt was made to teach me Latin, and I lost my French in the experiment. At fifteen I knew nothing at all, and a forced diet of bread and water had reduced me to the condition of a skeleton. Six years more are therefore to be deducted. At fifteen my father made me a notary's clerk. Then commenced a new species of martyrdom. I got up at six, swept the office, lighted the stove, was drubbed by the taller clerks, and my father, overwhelmed with com- plaints about me, deprived me of my dinner. This sort of life I led for five years, and from my life I will positively deduct them. At twenty my father, quite disgusted with his son, put me on board a ship at Cher- -bourg. I washed the deck, crept up the top-mast, mended the sails and received thirty lashes a-day upon my bare back. This I endured four years. At twenty-four my father made me a haberdasher. I married Mademoiselle Ursule Desvoisins, a turner's only daughter : her marriage portion consisted of 30,000 livres, mortaged upon a sugar estate at St. Domingo. The day after my wedding I found out that my wife had a wooden leg, made by my father-in-law, the turner. The poor woman offered a thousand apologies for her infirmity, and I pardoned her out of regard for her marriage portion. The St. Domingo blacks rose against the whites, burnt the said marriage portion, and the wooden leg was all that was left me. At thirty I lost my wife, in consequence of a scrofulous disease in her real leg. I spent six years of marriage, repenting every minute what folly I committed in taking that leg ! I therefore deduct those six years from my life. Having, as everybody else, slept a third part of my life, I deduct twenty-four years of sleep, and I am below the right reckoning, for I was a great sleeper. A year lost, adding minute to minute, in search for the key of my desk, which I was continually mislaying. Does one live when one looks for a key ? Three years lost in having myself shaved, powdered, &c.; Five years lost in suffering from tooth-ache, two inflammations of the chest with relapses and convalescence. Three years in saying, ' What's o'clock ?' ' We have had bad weather to-day.' ' How do you do ?' ' How is your lady ?' ' I have a bad cold.' ' Malbrough s'en va-a la guerre — what mud in the streets— what a winter this year!' Six months lost having the mud brushed off one, and six in brushing one's hat. One year's endurance of the entr'actes at the theatre. One year lost in listening to the modern dramas, the chefs d'œuvre of genius not understood. One year lost in complaining of salt and tasteless soups, of cutlets too much or underdone, of indigestion or hard eggs. Total seventy-one years, I beg leave to declare, that in giving up the ghost I do not give up anything worth keeping." The following affecting tale is related in a recent letter from Omek, in Siberia : — " A young woman, only twenty years of age, of striking beauty, and of one of the most distinguished families of St. Petersburgh, was condemned three years ago to hard labour in the mines for the rest of her life, for having, in a paroxysm of jealousy, killed her husband. Her youth and mildness of character induced the Governor, instead of sending her down into the mines, to appoint her one of the superintendents of the hospital at Omek. Induced by the great pro- priety of her conduct, the Governor petitioned some time ago for and obtained her pardon. On this being communicated to her she was over- come with gloom, and a few days afterwards was discovered in her room lifeless, having opened her veins by means of a large nail. She left the following written on a card: — 'Death for death! Human justice pardons me, but Divine justice never can. God calls me to him whom I loved, whom I murdered, but whom I still love. Adieu, pardon me ! Pray for me, pray for me!' " A strange instance of fanaticism has just occurred at Mittel- hausen, in the Lower Rhine. A man named Flick, and his wife, who belong to the sect of Pietists, shut themselves up in their house with their children, with the determination of starving themselves to death. Some days had elapsed, during which they had taken no food, when the authorities, informed of the circumstance,, proceeded to the house, and having sent for provisions, urged them to partake thereof. This Flick and his wife refused to do, saying that they were fed by divine grace, and they would not allow their children to eat. The mayor, however, removed the children into another room, where they ate heartily. On the 30th of April last, Flick had announced to the inhabitants of the commune that his wife would, at five o'clock in the evening, ascend to heaven alive, and placed her during the whole of the day in his garden, from which she was to take her flight. The authorities, however, com- pelled her to go into the house, and thus prevented her from becoming the laughing-stock of the public. — Galignani's Messenger. A coal-mine is said to have been discovered at Penderaclia, one of the finest ports in the Black Sea, belonging to the Sublime Porte. A Turkish steam -boat was sent to examine the locality, and bring spe- cimens to Constantinople. It returned using the coal for the production of its steam. 