VARIETIES. Revolution in the Marriage Ties.— Wives, obey your husbands,' says St. Paul; but,' Husbands, obey your wives,' says Chancellor Walworth. This is now true of the nuptial tie in New York. The decision of the chancellor in the Barry case is changing old ideas into new. By that decision, a woman may leave her husband for any freak, and she is entitled to all the children, or as many as she pleases. Already eight cases of married ladies, tired of their husbands, are preparing to go before the chancellor, for the benefit of this novel decision. Ask Mr Girardif it be not so. Each of these wish to leave their husbands, and to take the pick of their children with them. At the next step the august judge will decide that a husband is nothing, and that the wife is the real owner of the children, property, [chattels?], goods, and cooking utensils. I was about to get a wife, but I shall pause awhile, until I can find a woman to whom I can give, with perfect confidence my soul, body, paper, press, types, steam engine, and all. In the mean time, a most unconscionable quantify of marriages are just taking place, both among Jews and Gentiles. A whole batch of the tribe of Levi is rushing into matrimony, as thought- less as some people rush into debt. Ten couple have contracted at Saratoga, six at New Brighton, four at the sea-shore, and God knows how many elsewhere— New York Morning Herald. Song Writers —Burns, who of all men that ever lived appears to have possessed the greatest natu- ral capabilities for song-writing, declares the art to be a difficult one, and desires those who think otherwise, to sit down and try their hand at it, when the truth of the matter is likely to dawn upon them. Such an opinion, coming from so high an authority, is entitled to great weight; and it is corroborated by the undeniable fact, that few persons have ever attained the real excellence in the practice of compsing songs. The total num- ber of first-rate songsters who have adorned liter- ature since its origin to the present day, may be counted upon one's ten fingers, and not a tip be touched twice. Men of the highest poetical genius have attempted this department of composition in vain, and of the truth of this assertion we have many living evidences. Has either Wordsworth or Southey produced, in the long roll of their multifarious works one single verse which is familiarly sung in the homes of their century, be they rich or be they poor? Not one; and this is not because the endeavour has never been made, but because these great poets have failed utterly in the instances where they have failed utterly composition of songs. Byron, too, though his want of success was less decided, has left behind him, upon the whole, not one song that has been or ever will be popular among his countrymen. While it is thus obvious that the possession of the highest poetical genius does not ensure success in song- writing, we find, on the other hand, that many of our best and most popular songs have been produced by persons who never, excepting in these individual instances, evinced the posession of any poetical talent whatever. In the annuls of Scottish song, in particular, numberless cases occur where lasting reputations have been won by the composition of one single song. 'The Flowers of the Forest,' Auld Robin Gray,' and 'Lucy's Flitting,' will rise to the recollection of every one as having made famous the names of Miss Elliott, Lady Anne Lindsay, and William Laidlaw. The list might be largely extended, and would include the fine songs of 'The Beatie Rows,', Roslin Castle,' 'Were many heart light, I wad die,' and 'The Broom of the Cowden- knowes The art of song-writing seems, in the one point of view, an art of surpassing difficulty; while, on the other hand, we might be tempted to think the very reverse, from its being excelled in by persons who never displayed poetical genius otherwise. The explanation is to be sought for in the peculiar nature of the song, its construction, and its uses. —-Chambers's Journal. Hunting in Italy —Our first was to choose a chief, or cupocaccio, as he is termed, whose busi- ness it is to arrange the field in such a way as to preclude as much as possible the chance of ac- cidents. This man, a tall, athletic, rawboned pedestrian, with a gun as long as himself, and a look of the most determined ferocity, soon placed us in our several stations, and the dogs were then thrown into the cover, a large wood of about three hundred acres, fenced in by a six-foot hedge of marruca. This, after two hours' drawing, proved blank, and as it was now about twelve o'clock it wan agreed that we should dismount and dine; the horses were accordingly picketed in groups under the shelter of some magnilicient oaks, the dismounted horsemen congregated in small coler- ies, uniting and sharing their provisions as habit and acquaintance prompted, while the pedestrian beaters lay stretched on the grass, in a variety of animated heaps, discussing the chances of better sport in other cover, and chattering and gesticu- lating in the true Italian manner, with as much loquacity as Monkeys. The spot chosen for this midday repast was highly picturesque ; a large green glade, of the most mossy texture, formed our carpet; groups of oak, iles, and chestnut, were scattered around us in the most luxuriant profusion; whilst tbe underwood was almost en- tirely of myrtle; the ground was elevated; from it might be descried several of the most marked features of Mediterrane an scenery —Idib. National Advantages of Yachting.—To what does England owe her political and commercial greatness but her maritime superiority? And this superiority arose not nearly so much from the number or quality of her vessels as from the seamanship and invincible spirit of her incom- parable tars. "The Spaniards can build ships (exclaimed the gallant Nelson), but, thank God, they cannot make men !' What, therefore, can be better calculated to form superior sailors, and maintain our envied naval supremacy, than the system of yachting, so laudibly and so extensively encouraged by the wealthy, trip influential, and the magnates of the land ?— Sportsman. 'My voice is still for war,' said the gallant Evans, to an officer who fought in Spain, the other day, in alluding to the recent events. ' Yes,' said the officer, 'devilish still.' One of Van de Wryer'e servants having recently heard rum called spirit, asked the waiter at a Windsor inn, who had given him his grog too much reduced. * Vat de divil for dont you put plenty of ghosts on de top of de water ?. CONSCIENTIOUSNESS. —" I shall prevent the use of ardent spirets," as the grocer said when he watered his liquors." Important Railway Discovery.— The Prus- sian State Gazette informs us that a Mr Kalken- heimer has invented a new kind of carriage for railways, which will cost only 2,500f. (100/.) each, and which may be moved at the rate of six French leagues in an hour, without steam or horse-power. It states that a carriage containing 24 persons may be moved with the force of a single man. 