TRADESMEN'S BANK. The fate of this admirable institution has been to every person who was in the slightest degree ac- quainted with its value as a commercial and mo- netary agency, a perfect mystery. Founded,as it was upon the soundest principles of the joint-stock - banking system, eagerly as its announcement was. received by the trading community of the district,-- and certain as its prospects of success had been made by the general support it acquired, it has vanished, according to the most approved style of ghost writing, no one knows how. That it deserved a more favorable destiny its intrinsic importance will testify, and that very severe blame attaches to the subverter of its career cannot be either palliated or denied. To demonstrate the loss which has occurred to all who looked forward is it as a means of profitable investment, we introduce here an extract or a letter from Mr. H. C. Gordon, of Sydney, one of its tem porary agents, to a member of the provisional com- mittee.— " I am. sorry, to hear of the ill success of the Tradesmen's Bank. Mr. Bourne and myself have received' £990 for shares, and many parties are only waiting for the commencement to purchase. I will feel obliged by poor giving us all the infor- mation on the subject. Mr. B. and myself wished to write to the Secretary, but were waiting to hear, and I think this writing to you will answer as we have little to say. The above amount of £990 is at the Sydney Bank, in the name of Bourne and myself, as agents for the Bank; should the said Bank die, or cease to go on, we must repay the parties here the amount received, and the gentlemen at Melbourne must repay as the amount of adver- tising. I will thank you to look to this; per Thomas Lowrie I will be able to send you the amount due. The Sydney Bank don't pay any interest on the deposit, it is not unusual under the present circum- stances to do so." It falls upon us to arouse the Tradesmen to an effectual measure for its recovery; as inducement we may intimate that an expen- diture to the amount of £150 has been incurred for which the credit of the shareholders stand pledged. In reviving the managing committees, a simple rule of guidance requires to be observed. The number must be small— if possible confined to three, who, if men of active minds, can, in con junction with the legal adviser and two trustees, bring the whole matter to bear in a few weeks. If the committee is larger, the indolent will avoid the trouble and the industrious be disgusted with the labour. 