Original Poetry. THE CHIEF "FRYINGPAN" AGAIN. [An incorrect version of the following speech having appeared in the Sydney Herald, we are induced to publish the following, which we have just received from our Illawarra corrrespondent, whose proximity to the scene enables him to picture it with accuracy.] The chief is enraged with his tribe for hunting the opossum while he was absent in pursult of the kangaroo; his royal wrath is the more enkindled, inasmuch as he returned from the chase without one kangaroo fat enough for the butcher's shop: and, whenever he falls in with the vassals of his territory in corrobora asssembled, he bursts forth into impassioned speeches, as loud and incoherent as a drunken man in a public-house. Know ye not, sons of Koomla* that I am your chief? As sable+ as midnight--uncurbed as the deep! I'm your master at boomerang, spear, and canoe, I am foremost in chasing the wild kangaroo. Behold me then, vassals dark, foaming in wrath; I am choking with rage--I'm almost out of breath At your daring presumption, while I was away After game, at the kangaroo grounds, t' other day. Yes! have ye not daringly hunted for food, For your poor piccaninies, through my royal wood? You have traversed my mountains, have fished my lagoons, To procure meat and drink for your low-bred gossoons. Hear my voice, sons of Koomla, nor breathe while I speak, Impressed be my words in your hearts long and deep; I'm the natural guardian of Wollongong's youth-- And you'd feed your young fry in my absence, forsooth. To the cries of your offspring mean, craving relief, You have hearkened, and slighted the pride of your chief; You've sought for your children the daintiest food, Though ye knew I would keep it for children of blood. Neither wallaby, emu, opossum, nor fish, Was reputed for beggars too dainty a dish. Oh! "Disgrace!" oh! "Dishonour!!" "Impertinence" too!!! I'm surpised you don't treat them to fat kangaroo. Ye are wheedled and puzzled, confounded as mules, Ye have given the lie to your chiefs, stupid fools; Go undo what you've done, else the fire of my brow Will be kindled against you, I'll kick up a row. Let immediate reaction take place, out of hand, Come, besiege the old Gonieu at my dread command: What! hesitate! stammer!! explain!!! disobey!!!! Oh, thou ghost of thy father! I envy thy day. Haste, thy spirit infuse in the veins of thy son; Thy Fryingpan's checked in his pride, he's undone: My glory is tarnished--it remains for the grave, To commingle my bones with the dust of the slave. * Koomla is a prominent and noble mountain in the Illa- warra range. \+ Of their sable colour the blacks of Illawarra are as proud as ever were the Yorkites of Knickerbocker; they bless their stars that, born black and beautiful, they are free from all tinge of the half-caste orange hue. 