CIIAPTEI?R I. Rise ants ProAreas of Temperance. Like one vast sheet of water, the vice of intoxica tion had spread over the land, and brought with it to the houses of the humble, crime, and wvretched. ness, and degradation. Every species of guilt owed either its origin or increase to this besetting sin. Way-laying, private societies, combination oaths, plundesing of firearms, threatening notices, &c.; &c.;, were its detestable offspring. Projects of the dark est description were conceived by men under the influence of liquor; and in the shebeen houses these traps for the unhappy victims of inebriety their execution was planned. It has been known that a glass of whiskey was, in many cases, the only reward offered or accepted, for the perpetration of the deadliest deeds. The sad consequences of such frequent violations of all laws, were special commis sions, summary but well merited executions, per. petual banishments, families left to pine in rags and wretchedness, or driven out upon the world to eat the bread of sorrow, and drink the tears of un availing regret. Of us, as well as of those of the olden time, it might be said, that " all flesh had cor rupted its way." Such, and still more horrifying, was the picture which, society had presented, when some benevolent individuals, viewingt se desolation which this moral plague had been spreading about it, resolved, if possible, to check its progress. For a long time they well and laudably exerted them selves; but, whether owing to their want of influ ence on the masses of the people, or the want of confdence on the part of the people themselves, these missionaries of temperance did not meet with the success which they so highly merited. The law of the land-Sir Michael O'Loughlin's act for the repression of drunkenness-was directed against It. The pestilence seemed for a while abated; but again broke out with increased virulence. By many of the Food and wise it was deemed incurable ; it was said that the Irikh should abandon their nature when they would abandon whiskey. God's oppor tunity, because man's extremity, had now arrived; and the day had come when the revered subject of our memoir, the Rev. vMr. Mathew, was to quit his comparatively private sphere, and to enter on the theatre of his country, there to enact a part the most singular, the most glorious, the most important in its consequences and rapid in its results, that man has performed from the days of the first apostles to the present time. Some of the Society of Friends in Cork had formed themselves into a temperance association, and had sought, most benevolently, to recall our fellow countrymen front their debasing habits. But their efforts, if not ineffectual, were not as successful as they could wish ; and, aware of Mr. Mlathew's sterited influence, they invited him to enlist himself in their laudable enterprise. lIr. Mathew told me the, names of these Friends, but I forget then,. 'here is; however, one circumstance whichl he men tionedl to me that I could not forget. A respectable Protestant, named Olden, aware of Mr. Mathew's aptitude for tho.?tdertaking. asked him to join the temperance mission, and addressed to him the fol-, lowing rema'rkablelwords-" Mr. IMathew, you have got the mission, do not feject it," Our apostle of temperance sesolsed at once to join, and give to the hallowed cause the aid of his seal, his influence, and hbi talents. For a year and a half lie preserved the even tenor of his Lay, sustained by the approbation of some, braving the obloquy of more, and dis. countenanced even in quarters whence he ought to have expected support. HIa had, however, taken his course, and he was resolved that nothing should iblige him to deviate from it. In a place at Cork called the Ilorse Bazaar he held his regular tem perance meetings twice a week, on Fridays and Saturdays. The members of his society increa'ed -the most obstinate drunkards in the city enrolled themselves in the Cork Total Abstinence Asso ciation. Along the banks of the Shannon his fame began to travel. First the men of Kilrush came in to be received; then some hundreds from Kerry; then from Limerick-until, some time in the month of last A ugust, the system burst forth as a pure and lambent flame, is hich now mantles a great portion of the surface of our island, cheering and illumining even the distant cot of the Galway fisherman. Many of my readers have already seen the details of the progress of temperance, as given in the jour nals of the day; but as numbers of persons, far whose perusal these pages are intended, have not read the newspaper accounts, I shall try to give an outline of Mr. Mathew's extraordinary mission, noting down, at the same time, any incidents that may be more particularly worthy of record. The great scene which first gave to the advance of temperance the character of a national move ment occurred on Mr. Mlatliew's visit to Limerick. lie had come to that city on the invitation of Dr. Ryan, the Roman Catholic bishop, to preach a sermon for some charitable purpose; and about the same time the reverend gentleman had received the following important and flattering letter from Mr. Fitzgerald, the mayor of Limerick: " As coroner, the numerous instances of sudden and awful deaths arising from intemperance which came under my observation were most appalling. I have held about one hundred and forty inquests since to 1st of October, 1838, and I can safely affirm that one half of that number were caused, directly or indirectly, by intoxicating liquors. There were eight cases of death by drowning, several by burn ing, and many from apoplexy, while in a state of intoxication; and within a short period four indi. viduals committed suicide, while under the hellish influence of strong drink. But, thank God, a brighter prospect is now dawning. " Your unparallelled exertions in the cause of temperance have been, under God, crowned with the most signal success, and I believe in no place more so than in Limerick. A moral regeneration has taken place among the people of this city, which is really most astonishing, and truly gratifying to every philanthropic mind. Our police reports are much lessened, petty sessions considerably reduced, and even summonses in the court of conscience have fallen off one third. Our streets and places of public resort are regular and quiet ; and that which must be most gratifying to you is the fact, that al though reports have at different times been indus. triously circulated of members of your society having broken the temperance pledge, I have not been able to make out a solitary instance of such being the fact. But those who have for so many years fat tened on the demoralisation of the people will die hard; though they may as well give up the ghost quietly, as their game is completely up. " That you may live long to continue the noble work you have so successfully undertaken is the sincere wish of, Rev. Sir, your very faithful humble servant, " O. 1H. FITZGERALD." On AMr. Afathew's arrival in Limerick, neither did the worthy bishop or any other of the rev. gentle. man's friends suppose that lhe could there have much to do in the way of administering the temperance pledge, on account of the numbers who had already gone forward to enrol themselves in the society. They were, however, rejoiced that they had so widely miscalculated. On the intelligence going abroad that the moral regenerator had arrived in the city, myriads from the surrounding counties began to pour in. In a short time the streets became filled with dense masses of the populace; and so great was the rush of the temperance postulants that the iron railing opposite the house of Mlr. Dunbar, the rev. gentleman's brother.in-law, in which he had stopped, were carried away, and a number of persons were precipitated into the Shannon. Fortunately they were all safely picked up, and no further acci dent occurred. I have been told by those who were spectators that some of the horses, with the riders, of the Scots Greys, who attended to keep order, were occasionally lifted from the ground and carried away for a short distance by the rushing multitude; and so densely were the people crowded that several, in their eagernessa to approach Mr. Mathew, ran along to their destination quietly and securely on the heads and shoulders of the vast assemblage. And here it may be inquired what have been, and what continue to be, the causes of these immense concourses of people-of the enthusiasm with which they press forward to this highly-favoured man, to devote themselves to temperance 1 From the many opportunities which I have afforded myself of form ing a judgment on thlis matter, the causes would appear to me to be the following : First. The extraordinary influence which, in this country, and from the remotest tames, the Catholic clergy have possessed over the people. My business at present is not to trace that influence to its source, nor to recur to the disastrous history of Ireland to show how it originated, and how it was sustained. This is unnecessary ; it might even be invidious and disagreeable to some parties so to do. Such unhappy recurrences may be spared. Be it now the duty of all, in our desire to procure the general weal, to sink every bitter recollection and to promote good will. But the fact cannot be controverted, that the influence of our clergy is paramount; and that to destroy or weaken it were impossible-such an attempt might even lead to the worst results. What former benevolent societies, then, have not been able to effect through want of this ascendant over the minds of our fellow-countrymen, a Catholic clergy. man, through means of his influence, may easily be supposed to accomplish. But in MIr. 5Mathew him self, and individually, some of the reasons may be discovered why such multitudes should hasten to attach themselves to a society connected with his name. These are the well-known zeal and sanctity of his former life, his devotion to the general good, and an almost universal impression that he possesses great virtue and power to cure, not only thle mental disorders, but even the corporal maladies of his race. The tinmes, too, had been favourable to Mr. Mathew's exalted undertaking. All the people had groaned under a bondage worse than the Egyptian servitude, and they sighed for, though they had not the courage to effect, their delivery. The drunkards and they were innumerable-who had nasted their health and energies by the excessive use of intoxicat. ing drinks, who had sent their families adrift upon the world to beg, to plunder, or to starve, wept in secret over the ruin they had effected, and were dis gusted and horrified at themselves, the perpetrators of it all. Still tile loathsome chain they could not ireak ; the habit of intemperance had almonst be. come interwoven with their nature. T'hey formed resolutions-it was only to forget them; they heard denunciations against drunkenness by their clergy men, but they soon forgot them; and, most mnelan. choly reflection I they also, in many instances, forgot the sacred solemnity of the oath by which they have been known to pledge themselves against this ruinous indulgence. Mlr. Mlathew's fame had gone forth ; the wondrous converstons hie had made, and the adherence of Ilis early disciples to their promise, made the slaves of the bottle everyvlwhere hope that in a visit to Cork their cure lay ; and this very conviction on their minds was a powerful means to effect their reformnation and ensure their persever. once. These may be the obvious and slatural reasons by which to account for the numbers and enthusiasm of (lr. Mathew's worthy proselytes. I have used the word natural emphatically because I think -others, of course, will hold a different opinion-that this good and great man has been raised up by God for the moral regeneration of iris country. In Limerick Mr. Matlhew's labours were facilitated by the kind assistance, for which he afterwards expressed himself indebted, of Captain Vokes, R.M., Colonel Malunsell, of the Scots Greys, Captain Griffen, &c.; Mr. lMathew, in pursuing his exalted destinies, had also visited WVaterford, Lismore, Ennis, Clon. mel, Thurles, Cashel, T'emplemore, Castlecomer, athndowney, &e.; &c.; in all which places he re* celved the active and valuable co-operation of the Roman Catholic clergy, the civil authorities, the military and police. I have heard him say repeat edly how grateful he felt to all his co-operators, arid my memory has been impressed with th~e names of Lord lill, son of the hMrquis of Downoihire, 'whomi Mr. Mathew met at Lismore, and Captaion Trafford of the Scots Greys, whose willing and eill. cient efforts to preserve order the missionary of teimparance experienced at Castlecomer. Where all the Catholic clergy, with very few exceptions, have t been most anxious and laudable advocates, it were t too long singly to enumerate them; yet when naming Cashel as one of the places honoured by a visit from Mr. Mathew, we Icannot pass by, without noticing it, the invaluable aid rendered to the sacred cause by tihe very respectable pastor of that parish, Dean M'l)onald, particularly when contrasted with the unaccountable opposition there afforded to the same cause by a clergyman of a different persuasion. In Ennis a circumstance occurred in reference to the temperance movement, which is too remarkable to be permitted to escape observation even in this brief history of our country's moral regeneration. The Rev. Mr. Hennessy, one of the curates of tile town, received a fictitious letter, purporting to be from the very Rev. Mr. Mathew, declaring, as it stated, tile reverend gentleman's intention to visit Ennis on tile following day. Mr. Hennessy read this letter from the altar. Tile consequence was, that the country for many a mile round was deserted, and Ennis became thronged with tile accumulated thousands. No Father Mathew, however, appeared. 'rlhe enthusiastic populace was sadly disappointed ; and the adverse journals in all directions spoke of the horrors perpetrated by the incensed multitudes. lleastly prostration in the streets of the drunken, in furiate rabble, plundering of provisions, demolition of houses, bloodshed and battery, and all such trifles as these were, for one week at least, paraded in what are called the Tory papers, as the consequences of the trick practised on the people. The trick was a dangerous one to try, but there were no such un happy results as these just detailed, since the horri fying outrrages were all a fabrication, as tile Lime rich Rerprter showed atterwards on incontrovertible authority. Mr. Mathew, however did cone after a while, and, aided by the active and zealous co-ope ration of the very Rev. Dean O'Shaughr.esy and the other clergymen of the town, he enlisted thou sands of these destructives under tie peaceful stan dard of Temperance. It were omerely a repetition of the same scenes, differing only as to tile localities, to follow Mr. Mlathew through the various stages of his extraordi nary career. I shall only notice those places wlhere I have myself been an eye-witness, or where the fervid enthusiasm of the people, and the unparalleled zeal and energy of the missioner, have been more re markable. After Limerick, one of the next striking manifesta tions of the popular veneration for llr. Mlathew, and the enthusiasm of the new converts to temperance, was exhibited on the reverend gentleman's visit to Parsonstown. As his coming to that town was generally announced by the highly influential pastor of the parish, the very reverend Mr. Spain, there was, as might be expected, an immense influx thi ther, not only from the adjacent parishes, but from parishes and counties far remote. In consequence of an application from Captain Duff, II. M. Borriso kane, a troop of the 17thl Lancers Irom Athlone, a detachment of tile 60th Rifles from Birr Barracks, and a large police force, were in attendance ; and, through the exertions of the gentleman just men tioned, as well as the other magistrates, the sub-in spectors of police, and the officers of the troop, con siderableorder was preserved. On entering the area, on which stands the chaste and beautifully con structed building, the Roman Catholic Chapel, a scene presented itself highly calculated to stir up, even in hearts not very susceptible of such impres sions, feelings of intense interest and awe. In front of tire chapel was stationed a large body of police, presenting a very fine and well disciplined force; outside these were the rifles on bended knee, with bayonets fixed and pointed, forming a barrier to op pose the rushing multitudes; whilst within and without this barrier, to keep the passages clear, the cavalry, " in all tile pomp and circumstance of glo rious war," with flags waving to the winds-moved up and down in slow and measured pace. Beyond, and as far along the streets as the eye could reach, were the congregated masses swaying to and fro with every new impulse, and by their united voices pro. ducinog a deep, indistinct sound like the murnaur of the ruffled waters of the sea. Within the vicarial residence, and in strong contrast to the stirring scene without, sat the mild, unassuming, but extra ordinary man, round (whom had collected this display of martial pomp and numerical force. lie seemed perfectly unconscious of tile excitement lie had pro duced, and spoke and acted as if he regarded himself as the least remarkable man of tihe age. Here I had been introduced by a friend to the apostle of tern perance. The following are the characteristics of his person and manners, which struck me on seeing him : -Mr. Mathew is of the middle stature, well-built for strength and the endurance of fatigue, and en tirely free from any courulency that could impede the active exercise of his members. Though now fifty years old, he is straight and erect as a tman may be at five and twenty. His complexion is sanguine, and indicative of rude health; and, on tile whole, he is as good a lhying argument for the excellent effects of temperance on the constitution as could be selected. Hiis hair is black ; very thinly, if at all interspersed with the blossoms of old age. Ils fore head is sufficiently extended to mark hirm a person of clear and strong understanding- his nose is Roman -his well-chiselled mouth and chin denote unde viating determination; and in his soft though ani mated eye there is a sweet, intelligent, benign ex pression. His manners are very prepossessing, being remarkable at once for their slnmpleness and urbanity; and, if Ihis smile be not a studied one for the purpose of winning converts to teetotalism, it is naturally one of the most attractive 1 have ever noticed. His dress is plain and scrupulously neat nothing a rla mode, and nothing ultra-clerical : it consists generally of long black frack coat, vest, &c.; of the same colour, and clerical boots. He has got a fund of good humour and patience, that seems to increase in proportion as he draws upon it. Fre quently is he addressed by a score of persons at a time, he is teased and hauled, yet his temper is never ruffled-irhis suavity and self-possession never leave him. I have seen professional men extremely ac commodating, ready to attend to their duties, no matter how arduous, at all times, " in season and out of season." Mr. Mathew may now be regarded as a professional enroller to the ranks of teetotalism, and never did I meet a man so accommodating in his profession. Afterspending many hours in receiving almost countless groups of postulants, hie will stop on his way to induct three, two, or even one, into the Temperance Society; or hie will rise from the table where he is swallowing a mouthful of refreshment, to administer the pledge, should he discover that there is another stray sheep to be brought back to the fold. I recollect one day particularly that I had the honour of attending him in hislabours. IIe seemed fatigued from the continral repetition of the form of induction. One man presented himself, and re quested to be enrolled. I said-" You had better wait, sir, till a few more shall come, and then you can induct them all together." " Yes, my dear friend," he replied, " but don't you perceive that this man is on the point of being intoxicated I if I do not now receive him hie may be lost." He accord ingly administered the pledge to the returning pro. digal. In some of the reports that were despatched fromn Birr regarding the ministry of Mr. lIathew, much stress was laid on the eagerness of the people to touch hris person and dress, or to have him impuse hris hand upon them. iThe lame, it was said, and tile blind, tihe deaf, and tile decrepid, threw themselves in his way to be relieved from their physical dis abilities; and the superstition of the people, as well as their unlimited veneration for the missionary of temperance, were dwelt upon, to tarnish the glonrious cause and its inimitable advocate. Such reports have been also furnished from other quarters, accom panied by disparaging commentaries. The acts of the simple or the superstitious are not the acts of Mlr. Mlathew, and should not be made to reflect upon him or his laudable undertaking. lie cures from drunkenness by receiving those who would come forth from its degrading captivity, and so far he is a worker of miracles; but he professes not to heal the lame, the blind, the dumb, or the decrepid. Of this he assures the numerous applicants for the exercise of his supposed supernatural power; and i! he touch the prostrate cripple, or the man who hlas been blind from his youth, it is merely to gratify him, and to be free from his importunities, Mlr. Mathew is not severe or repulsive in Iris manners. It would not suit the purposes of his extraordinary mission that he should be such-he believes it to be wiser, and he knows it to be more charitable, to have regard to the humility of the humble, and to abstain from ridiculing the weakness or simplicity of the illiterate. He encourages not their misconceptions; he wishes to dispel them, but in combating a deeply rooted national evil, he cannot see what irremediable mischief will follow, if thie people will arm against it those prejudices which arise from credulity rather than mralice. AMr. Moore, in history of Ireland, when speLking of the introduction of christianity amongst us, eulogises the pious policy of the first mission aries, who adapted sonme'of the forms and ceremonies of the Druidical superstition to the purposes of chris. tian worship, and thus smoothed the transition to the net! faith-'" The outward forms of past error," sans the author, " became the vehicle through which new and vital truths were conveyed." What im mense harm, then, can it be if an excessive belief of the people in the power of the priesthood be per. mitted to operate in extinguishing the besetting sin cf our country 1 It may, however, be replied that rae form of error may be used to effect good, but that error itself cannot; and that it is a plain, pal. pable error, to believe that this or the other man has or does exercise the power of miracles, unless there be unquestionable proof to the contrary ; and that in Mr. Mathew's case such proof does not exist. Al lowing all this, it surely will not be contended that miracles may not be wrought, and that some men may not be favoured with the power of performing them. Itis only, after all, believing too touch, to suppose that any one man does, on ordinary occa sions, perform miracles ; and what is there in this that Mr. Mathew is bound fiercely to denounce, es pecially when the superabundance of the people's faith may tend, and does tend, to the destruction of a foul and abandoned vice " The revered apostle of temperance does not believe that lie possesses this virtue, but lie is persuaded that the Almighty, in re gard to the extraordinary faith of some, anil in order to their entire conversion, may suspend in their favour the ordinary laws of nature. 'T'his is the ground which Mlr.'DMlathew maiy take ; and on this ground lie can scarcely be assailed. I have heard the reverend gentleman tell his postulants that lihe cannot do these things. W\'hat more can be expected from him 1 As I have alluded to the conversion of Ireland to christianit', in reference to their second conversion from drunkenness, I shall take leave to observe that there are between these two remarkable changes of our fellow countrymen some striking points of simi larity. Mr. Moore observes, that in the conversion of our ancestors to chtistianiry, the change was not slow and gradual, but quick and immediate ; lie re marks, beautifully, that " christianity burst forth at the first ray of apostolic light, and, with the sud den ripenessof a northern summer, at once covered the whole land." Fourteen hundred years have now passed since that memorable event. '1 he apos tolic light, if not lenclhed, had been sadly obscured; a moral :ight had fallen upon, and brooded over our beloved country ; the clouds of vice, if not of infide lily, were again to be dispelled. And how does the happy change take place " Not gradually, but simultaneously-" the face of the earth is renewed." We lie down a nation of drunkards; we rise again a temperate people ; and Ireland-sunken and de. graded Ireland-with one bound stands again erect, to assume that position amongst the nations to which the genius and warmheartedness of her sons, and her own unfading beauty and fertility, entitle her. Here then, in this point, there is between these two memorable events a striking similitude. As Ireland received the blessing of faith, so has she received the virtue of temnperance. It does not belong to the province of this work to inquire what may be the causes of these rapid moral revolutlons. Enough to say that it is the work of Providence acting upon the singular temperament, the intellectual peculiarities, ofa nation. hlie Irish are a people of quick, of in. tuitive perception; they see promptly, and see cor rectly what is good or evil. 'They are a people of ardour and impulse, and what they do they do at once. Their quickest acts are generally the best; and lie that would get them to do great things must go with the rapid current of their thoughts and feel ings. Their movements are not like those of other people, cool and quiet; they must be taken as it were by surprise, and then they are capable of mighty achievements. Hence it is that we have seen them at one moment sacrificing at the altar of the Druid, or at that of Intemperance, and in the next, by the Divine interposition, lifting the banner of the Cross, or prostrating the demon of drunken. ness. Attending these memorable epochs of our country's conversion, there are other points of re semblance-only one more 1 shall notice. Previ. ously to Saint Patrick's time, the seeds of chris tianity had been sown by other hands than his, but not successfully-hence the adage-" Not to Pal. ladius, but to Patrick, did God grant the conversion of Ireland." Uefore Mr. Mathew entered upon his mission, some excellent and meritorious men advo cated, but with little effect, the cause of temperance. For Mr. iMathlew the great task, as well as the glory of its accomplishiment, was reserved. And since the circumstances attending the introduction of Chris tianity and Temperance have resembled each other in some important particulars, I will here express a wish, in which I shall be joined by every lover .of our country, that as Christianity has been preserved to us unsullied for so many ages, so may the pledge of temperance in which our countrymen have en gaged, be invioiably observed to the latest posterity ! TO liie cos5Tt?veD. I 