CATHOLIC INSTITUTE. On Sunday, 1st November, the second monthly meeting of the Catholic Institute and of the Society for the Propagation of the Faith, was held in the school-room, Castlereagh-street. The Right Rev. Bishop having been called to the chair amid deafen ing applause, His Lordship said that he had no doubt but many members of the Institute and others also had been surprised, knowing the small means which he possessed, how it was that he had commenced the subscription towards the erection of St. Patrick's Church with the sum of £250, to which he had since added another £50. He thought it nothing but right that they should know their benefactor, and give credit where credit was due ; for the £300 which was subscribed and paid into the Society of St. Patrick they were indebted to the Society for the Propagation of the Faith. They might now under- stand what he meant when, on a former occasion, he said that for every shilling which they subscribed they would receive a pound in return. He trusted they would continue to subscribe to the Institute and to the Society for the Propagation of the Faith as generously as they hitherto had done, and in the day of need they would find a friend upon whom they could most completely depend (cheers). Mr. DUNCAN, honorary secretary, then stated that upwards of £44 had been that day collected for the Institute and for the Society for the Propagation of the Faith; that local auxiliary branches had been established, since last meeting, at Hunter's River, Appin, and Berrima; and, from the accounts he had received, he was happy to say that the same laudable spirit which had been evinced by the Ca tholics of Sydney was also displayed by their bre thren in the country. As a proof of this, and as a further testimony in favour of the ladies as collectors, he would mention that one lady in the Camphelltown district had collected nearly six pounds within the month (cheers). His Lordship said the object of these monthly meetings was not simply to collect money; they met also to take a review of events connected with religion during the past month ; and it had not escaped the notice of the officers of the Institute that certain as sertions had been made-certain propositions laid down-certain suppositions advanced-which mili tate against the equal rights of Catholics, as secured to them by the laws of the land. There was no ar guing against facts; they had facts to deal with; and now, therefore, that the statistical part of the business was over, they would proceed to that which more immediately concerned them. The meeting would be called upon that evening to express its sense upon certain propositions which had been ad vanced, and which seemed not exactly justifiable; but the nature of those propositions would be seen more clearly by the resolutions which would be submitted to their consideration. As those resolu tions were of some importance, and would require time for their development, he would not detain the meeting any longer, but request the gentlemen who were to propose the resolutions to proceed to bu siness. The Very Rev. Dr. ULLATHORNE then rose and said-The meeting would bear in mind that the chief object of the Institute was to furnish defence to Catholics and Catholicity against every species of attack, every act of oppression, and every threat of wrong on account of religion (cheers). On the last occasion of their meeting he had had to request their patience on the score of a rev. gentleman, whose name might now be passed over. He had now again to entreat their patience, not for himself, but for two gentlemen who were honorable members of the coun cil, and one of whom was a right rev. prelate besides. A resolution had been placed in his hands for the adoption of the meeting, which he would now read. 1\. " That this meeting has perceived with regret remarks made in the honorable legislative council, relative to religious persecution, calculated to wound the feelings of the unoffending, and to perpetuate remembrances which Protestants more than Catholics ought to desire to see consigned to oblivion." However unpleasant it might be in the hearing, he had to thank the right rev. prelate and the hon. member for having confessed the truth. That there had been getting up a combination, a sort of con spiration of certain individuals, for the purpose of keeping away her Majesty's Irish subjects from the common benefits of emigration was well known. The motive was suspected, but difficult to prove. It has now been openly declared by the mouthpieces of the party, and there can be no longer doubt. The objection to Irishmen, as being allowed to avail themselves of the advantages to be derived from the appropriation of the possessions of the crown, the right of which objection certain gentlemen take to themselves, is not grounded on their country, on their character, or on their less degree of utility to the colony; this is formally disclaimed : the objec- tion to Irishmen and the combination to exclude them from the common benefits, is expressly declared to be grounded on their religion (hear, hear). 'The sooner this fact is known in the proper quarters the better, and we thank the right reverend prelate and his honourable friend for their open declaration of the truth. The speeches at the close of the session were not printed in their organ, the Herald, until three days after the debate, and appear to have been carefully prepared. Dr. Broughton said " he must say that the objection was not to Irishmen as such ; but arose upon religious grounds: those who held with him thinking, that if the predominance of the faith adverse to theirs were ever established, as by the description of immigration now going on it might possibly be, the toleration and freedom of their own religious worship and rights would surely be inter- rupted. He entirely concurred it that apprehension." And Mr. James Macarthur had made the following remark--" He might think, and he hoped so, that some parts of the Roman Catholic religion were softening away by time; but, looking at the history of past times, he thought that there was ground for fearing that if the Roman Catholics once became a preponderating majority, the Protestants would not be tolerated in the exercise of their religion in the way that Roman Catholics are now." On the ground of religion and of unknown possibilities then alone are the Irish people to be excluded from this colony (cheers). Intolerance ! Why, what are these gen tlemen guilty of by this very deed (cheers) ? When will they take the beam out of their eye that they may see our motes clearly (cheers)? Intolerance! Do these gentlemen know to what dangers they expose themselves when they stir the question of comparative intolerance ? " lnsidious ness" too was a charge brought against us on another occasion by the right rev. prelate, who has got an unhappy knack of rising in assemblies and uttering dogmatic assertions ex cathedra respecting our con- duct, which he seems to expect that every one must believe without his ever giving a proof (hear, hear). And " undue influence ,'" forsooth, is a third unproven charge. It is high time to remind the right rev. prelate, and the supporters of his conduct, that they will not be allowed to insult and utter unproved charges against us, any more than they will be al- lowed to combine and conspire against the equal rights of her Majesty's Irish subjects, on the ground of their religion, with impunity (cheers). If the right rev. prelate, with his friend, has taken to the unmanly practice of throwing stones into another man's house, it is high time to remind him that his own windows are made of glass (great laughter). That there is a great deal of this delicate ma terial for him to protect, and also that it is most particularly frail and brittle (loud cheers). Why the church of England was born of intolerance (cheers). It was dandled in intolerance (cheers). It was nursed by " insidiousness '' (cheers). It grew up and strengthened and took possession of the land of our birth by the mere force of persecution, and even then would not have prevailed but by the aid of the arts of insidiousness. The church of which the right rev. prelate is the representative was gene- u.'ed from the very fountains of persecution and tyranny. Its father's name is " intolerance," and its mother's is insidiousness" (cheers). But we have not the dogmatic authority of the tight rev. prelate ; it is our duty to prove our assertions. I shall not disgust and harass your sense of decency by unco vering the beginnings of the church of England under Henry VIII.-the man who never spared any man in his heated fury or any woman in his vile passions. It is sufficient to remind you that out of these passions arose the first separation of England from the holy see, because the sovereign pontiff of the Catholic church refused to wrong and be consenting to the destruction of the innocent wife of a man whom history has agreed to call " a monster;" and that during the rest of his reign Catholics and Pro- testant dissenters were dragged, back to back, and face to face, on the same hurdles to the scaffold and the gibbet for execution, because they con scientiously denied that the spiritual powers of the apostles were united and solely possessed it their plenitude by this vicious layman. It was this first supreme head of the church of England, and not any pope, who prohibited the reading of the bible to all but "gentlemen and merchants, who might read, so it be done quietly and in good order." But these things, with the plunderings of the monasteries, shrines, and altars, and the creation of an anti Catholic interest by the distribution of the plunder among a set of laymen, were mere preparations for things to come. We must go to the reign of his son, the child Edward, to see the actual formation of the church of England in its present form, and the intolerance and insidiousness by which the charge was brought about. No sooner was Henry in his grave, and the child Edward, a sickly boy of nine years old, set on the throne, than the archi- tects of the church of England began their work of intolerance in earnest. The great masters of the work were Cranmer and Somerset. If I were asked to point out the most perfect specimen of a cringing hypocrite, I should point to Archbishop Cranmer, the real founder of the church of England. He had changed with all the changes of Henry- he had married and unmarried him as often as he chose; it seemed as if he could not possibly approach under the shadow of the presence of any earthly power greater than his own, but he immediately, by some infallible sympathy, caught a change from the sentiments of the man and of the moment; he was the most complete specimen of a church of England episcopal chameleon ever laid up in the historical cabinet of curiosities (cheers). No sooner had this man the game to himself than he appointed what was called a royal visitation, and a most woful visitation it was. Composed of his own creatures, selected from clergy and laity, and filled with his spirit, they proceeded to every district of the country. 'The moment they arrived all other spiritual authority, even that of the bishops, was made to cease, and they did what they liked with religion as well as its ministers. But did no one oppose this intolerance ? They very carefully prevented that by a little " insi diousness.'" The mouths of the clergy, even of the bishops, were closed ; no one was allowed to preach without an especial license from Cranmer and Somerset-and depend upon it they carefully ex amined the state of every man's teeth before they again opened his mouth (cheers and laughter). A book of homilies was composed by Cranmer, which it was made compulsory to read in every parish, that his own notions might alone prevail. Bishop Gardiner, a venerable and influential man, was at the head of the old party of the Catholic doctrines; he resisted and pro tested against these proceedings on the ground that they had no right to do these intolerant things by the King's proclamation against the law and acts of parliament. By way of reward for doing this duty he was sent to the Fleet prison. Meanwhile it was made high treason for any one to deny the su preme powers of the child Edward. Meanwhile Cranmer was preparing for more religious changes. Bishop Gardiner was again at large; it was neces- sary to get the mouthpiece of Catholic doctrines out of the way. How was this effected ? By a little more "insidiousness" joined to a little more in tolerance. He was commanded to preach at St. Paul's cross to the people; a sermon was written for him, he refused it. He was next commanded to preach his own sermon, but not to preach on certain subjects. He expressed his belief on the real pre- sence, one of the things forbidden him, and was im- prisoned in the tower for what they called his diso- bedience. Having thus got him out of the way, they went to work with fresh vigour. Cranmer translated the mass into English, which all minis- ters of religion were commanded to use instead of the old service. Having got so far, this chameleon of an archbishop set himself next to compile the '" Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments." Collier tells us that of the eighteen bishops brought expressly into the committee to compose this book eight of them voted against it : notwithstanding which the pream- ble of the act of parliament declares that it was composed "by the aid of the Holy Ghost, and with one common agreement." All other forms of wor- ship, even the one but lately established by the same man, were now abolished by act of parliament, and any minister of religion, whatever up to this might have been his faith, if he refuses to receive the new book with its new doctrines, or spoke against it, or officiated in any other form, was to lose a year's profit of one living and to be imprisoned six months for the first offence; to lose all his livings and be imprisoned a year or his second offence; and for his third offence to be imprisoned for life. Whilst, if any person either ridiculed the book, or prevailed on the minister to use another, he was fined for the two first offences; and for the third must forfeit all his goods and be imprisoned for life. The church of England seems now at length to be fairly established, but these were not the only in- struments employed. It may be as well to remind the right rev. prelate, who has such a horror of foreign bishops (cheers) and of foreign influence in religion that his conscience cannot rest whilst another bishop is in the land (cheers), British born, and a loyal subject of her Majesty though he be (cheers), because he joins to his other titles a fo- reign designation, derived from a country from which he derives nothing besides (cheers); it may be as well to remind the squeamish conscience of the right rev. prelate about foreigners, that the main instruments of Cranmer were not Britons but foreigners (loud and much cheering). He brought a number of them from Germany and Geneva, and even from Italy; put them in the universities and other places of influence, and consulted them on all occasions; and we have a history and list of their names as long and as dark as the night (much cheer ing). It was not Englishmen merely that changed the old religion of England and moulded her Pro- testant Church (cheers). The book of common prayer had not been imposed upon the conscience of every Englishman, under pain of fine and imprison- ment, more than three years, before Cranmer was seized with a now fit of change. He submitted the book to two of these foreigners, Bucer and Peter Martyr, and upon their suggestion this book, which had been solemnly attributed to " the aid of the Holy Ghost," was again reformed; and the new book, which the clergy objected to receive, was an- nexed to another statute, by which the bishops were ordered to coerce with new spiritual censures, and the magistrates with corporal punishment, all those who should use any other service in its place-to hear or be present at any other service or adminis- tration-be it Catholic or Protestant-than the one now set forth by the church of England ; subjected the offenders anew to imprisonment; and those who a few days before were liable to imprisonment for life if they used any but the former book of prayer, were now subject to the same penalty if they did not both abandon the former book and adopt the last changes made by foreign dictation (hear, hear, and cheers), A French translation was provided for the islands of Guernsey and Jersey but there was another country which presented for- midable difficulties. How was Ireland to be ma- naged? (laughter.) At that time very few Irishmen could speak English, and Paddy knew as little about French (laughter). Then again he was so obstinately bent on continuing a Catholic, because he could find nothing better (laughter). It was deemed expedient, however, to put down the Irish language if possible, and to have read prayers in it would not have served the purpose; so it was com manded by royal proclamation, that the book of common prayer should be read by the Irish clergy, many of whom did not know the language-in Eng- lish-to a people who knew nothing at all about it (laughter ). Talk of foreign religions, and unknown languages, and toleration, after that (cheers). For the historian informs us that they only succeeded in imposing the book in some places, and only by means of armed force. Said I not truly that the church of the right rev. prelate was born of intoler- ance and nursed by insidiousness ! What is the difference of position between that prelate and my- self in discussing the question of the comparative tolerance of the two churches ? That I have to defend a church of eighteen centuries, and of every country, whilst he is limited to one country and a space o f two centuries and a half (cheers). Even though the cases of intolerance were equal, the com- parison would still be far unequal and against him. Persecution had been practised in several instances by those who were members of the Catholic church; but it arose not from any principle of the Catholic religion; that religion had ever condemned such practices in her children. The persecution of the Albigenses, of the Lollards, and those under Queen Mary, were the chief; and it will be found on ex amination that they were set on fact by the prince, not by the prelate - by the state, not by the church, for the suppression of sects that mingled rebellion and principles destructive of society with their sec- tarianism. So blended with religion was their poli- tical acts and doctrines , that the one was rather taken as the test of the other, than as the actual and distinct ground of persecution (cheers). We saw on a former occasion the character of the Albigenses, and how they threatened the very existence of the human race. It was against them that the inqui- sition was established -a political institution belong- ing to the sovereigns of Spain, and not to the Catholic church. A member of the church of England must bury the remembrance of the court of high commis- sion and the star chamber, and many other things, before he ventures to talk of the inquisition (cheers). These institutions were fully as active, as inquisi- torial, as clerical, as oppressive, and as blood-thirsty (cheers). They were directed against Protestant dissenters as much as against Catholics. The court of high commission was expressly established to put down every opposition to the establishing of the church of England in the time of Queen Elizabeth. The doctrines of Wycliffe and the Lollards were impious, blasphemous against God, and destructive of all social order. If a king sins, say they, he ceases to be a king ; if a bishop or a priest, they cease to be such; if a magistrate, he is one no longer; anybody may depose them ; and any man who is without sin may take their place. The prac- tical application was everywhere rebellion and dis order ; when they passed from England to Bohemia they roused up the same turbulence there. The state persecuted them to protest her own existence, and the church has borne all the blame. No Catholic but condemns the persecutions of Mary, but what were they compared to those of her Protestant sister Elizabeth (hear) ? Had they been sanctioned by the church something might be said against her, but they were the acts of the queen. Cardinal Pole, the representative of the pope, and the head of church affairs in England condemned and opposed it in council, and the Catholic clergy openly preached against it in the pulpit. The Protestant historian of the Reformation, Bishop Burnet, remarks, of the head of the Catholic church in England at that period, " he never set on the clergy to persecute heretics, but to reform themselves" (cheers). They were the acts of the Queen, who, to an incre dibly greater degree than our own beloved sovereign Victoria, had been aroused and provoked by the Bradshaws and M'Neiles of the time, whose num- bers were larger, and who added acts to words (great cheering). Do I, or does the Church, ap prove her conduct? No (cheers) ! At the death of Mary, Elizabeth, who, during all her reign, had professed herself a Catholic and practised that reli gion, who, when Mary was dying, swore to her, and " prayed God that the earth might swallow her up if she were not a true Roman Catholic"--this same Elizabeth, who, even after her accession, received the sacrament as a Catholic, and ordered a solemn requiem for Mary's soul, had no sooner buried her sister, than, with the council of Cecil, she resolved again to change the religion of her people, whether they were willing or not. Who was this Cecil ? A man who had been a sort of lay parson in the time of Edward, enjoying a living and occupying a par- sonagee, who received the sacrament as a Catholic in the time of Mary, and was now to be the lay Cran- oner of Elizabeth. As usual, the change of religion was a matter of policy ; she apprehended a Catholic rival in Mary of Scotland, on the ground of her own illegitimate birth ; and, as usual, the means were intolerance helped on by " insidiousness." She issued a proclamation forbidding the bishops and clergy to preach, and allowing the use of the Ca tholic worship only until she had consulted parlia ment. This was the old plan of silencing oppo- sition. The bishops took the alarm, and refused to crown her. It was only after many expedients that a solitary one, the bishop of Carlisle, was induced to present himself and perform this office. She was compelled to take the Catholic oath, and be crowned by the Catholic ritual. This done, the old Pro- testant book of' common prayer was again corrected and amended, and commanded to be alone used by all ministers in all churches-- those ministers, and churches, and people, who up to that moment were Catholics-and this they were bound to do under penalties of forfeiture, deprivation, and death. The jurisdiction necessary to correct errors, heresies, and schisms, was vested in the queen; and all clergy men, magistrates, and officers, were compelled to take an oath that she was " supreme governor in all ecclesiastical and spiritual things." In vain did the clergy vigorously rise up in opposition-in vain did the convocation and the two universities join in signing a declaration of their Cathlolic faith--in vain did the bishops seize on every opportunity to speak and vote against the new measures. It was clear that the whole body of the clergy and of the people were in opposition-that intolerance alone would not effect the work. In the commons there were plenty of men who had fed on past church plunder, and hoped for more, but in the lords it was impossible to get on. It was necessary to call in the aid of " insidiousness." Five of the bishops and three doctors were commanded to dispute with eight reformers. The sittings of the two houses were suspended that the members might be present, but it was so arranged that the catholics should begin every day, and the reformers should always have the last word in reply. The catholics remon- strated, and as a punishment two of the bishops were imprisoned, and the other six catholics bound in heavy penalties to appear every day until judgment were awarded. They said it was for disobedience-- no, it was to get them out of the way until the Book of Common Prayer and the Church of England was established by a majority of three in the house of lords. The catholic bishops were now called upon to take the oath of supremacy; they pleaded con science, and were treated with scorn, deprived of their bishoprics, and every one of them put into prison. But now a new difficulty arose. Here was an episcopalian church without a single bishop. (Cheers and laughter.) Not even the means of making one. (Cheers.) So a few doctors of divinity were brought together in consultation, just as other doctors are brought to consult over a man when you are quite sure he is so sick he can live no longer(laughter and cheers). By the revived law of Henry VIII it required that each bishop elect be confirmed and consecrated by four bishops-one bislop only, (Kitchin of Landal, was willing to leave his prison for the purpose; the Catholic ritual and the ordinal of Edward had been abolished by parliament; thus there were neither bishops, ritual, nor law out of which to make a bishop. So these doctors in consultation (laughter) decided that on the emergency all possible sorts of spiritual powers -powers such as no pope or mortal ever dreamed of -were vested in the Queen (laughter), and she granted a sanatory, a sort of medicine, made of ink and paper, to heal all possible wounds, and defects, and wants (laughter), and they set to work. One Parker was to be consecrated archbishop. They found out four deprived bishops, two Catholics de prived under Edward, and two Protestants deprived under Mary. They took the illegal ordinal of Ed- ward; they confirmed and consecrated Parker, and when they had done he confirmed two of them (cheers and laughter). They gave him what they had not got, and when he had received it he gave it back again to them (much laughter), and with the help of these two he manufactured all the rest without law, or legal ritual, or canonical power, and I am afraid almost without the Gospel too (much laughter). Thus was the present episcopal church of England manufactured by the apostolic powers of this man; and that right rev. prelate who talks about our in- tolerance with so much authority, has no stronger link of connexion with the apostles and the universal church than this uncanonical proceeding (hear, hear). Fixed in their sees -the rightful occupiers of which were in prison-the new bishops proceeded to administer the oath of supremacy to their clergy. Those of the higher clergy refused and forfeited the livings; and if many of the inferior clergy ac- cepted, the historians tell us that they were either very poor, or from fear, or having seen so many changes, hoped for another soon that would enable them to right their consciences. Yet such a number of vacancies were made by the removal of the con- sciencious, that they were obliged to create a new class of ministers to fill up the gaps ; men selected from mechanics and laborers, who were appointed to read the service but were not to administer the sacraments (cheers). It was made high treason for any person to be reconciled to the Catholic church. Every person above sixteen years old, whatever might be his own faith, was compelled to attend the service of the church of England, under a penalty of loss of all goods and all profits from his lands for life. And if he went beyond seas to escape this intolerance, he suffered the same unless he returned within six months. The whole coun- try was covered with weeping, oppression, and blood. The people rose up in madness, as they had done in the time of Edward ; but their leaders had been carefully secured by their interest in the plun- der and possessions of the church. The monasteries at which the poor of the land had been fed and sup- ported were all gone; the land was filled with poverty and starvation, and poverty was made a crime. It was enacted is the reign of Edward, that if a poor man was found for three days begging and without employment, two justices might brand and burn in the letter V on his breast, and he was to serve the informer for two years as his slave, with an iron collar on his neck, arm, or leg ; if he absconded he was then branded with the letter S, and became a slave for life. Dr. Milner has collected the names of 204 persons who suffered death for the Catholic religion in the reign of Elizabeth alone : and of these 142 were priests, and 3 gentlewomen; 90 perished in prison, and 113 were sent into perpetual banishment. These deaths were of the most horrid description, and every species of torture was in use. Up to 1588 not less than 1200 Catholics appear to have suffered in one way or another, and the greatest severities had not yet begun. Nor were these persecutions confined to Catholics. In 1575 27 Dissenters at one time, 11 at another, and 5 at a third, were condemned for their errors, most of them by the same Protestant bishop. The wish of intolerance went on. Every Catholic gentleman refusing to attend a Protestant church was fined £20 a month, not less than £ 100 of our money. The houses of Englishmen were entered at any moment day or night, and searched for priests, books, or any furniture that might be used for Catholic service, under which pretence, jewels, and every valuable was plundered. The poorer people were thrown into prison for their faith in such num bers, that the counties could not support them or the prisons hold them. Four hundred were pre- sented at one session in Hampshire, and six hun- dred at another in Lancashire. Bishop Cooper, of Winchester, humbly petioned that to get quit of them a few hundreds might be sent to Flanders as pioneers and labourers in the army. We are told by Saunders that Ebner, Bishop of London, some- times himself directed the tortures inflicted in the tower ; and that on one occasion he caused a young lady of good birth to be cruelly scourged because she would not attend the public service. Where will the right reverend prelate find woman treated in our church as she has been treated in his? Mar- garet Middleton was the wife of a rich merchant of York ; she w as accused of harbouring a priest under the character of a schoolmaster ; she refused to plead guilty, and she could not plead a falsehood ; she was sentenced to the peine forte et dure. She was brought to the place of execution; after she had prayed, the sheriff commanded them to put off her apparel ; when she, with the four women, requested on their knees that for the honor of womanhood this might be dispensed with; but they would not grant it. Then she requested that the women might un- apparel her, and that they would turn their faces from her during the time. The women took off her clothes and put on her the long linen habit; then very quietly she laid her on the ground, her face covered and most part of her body. The door was laid upon her. Her hands she joined on her face. Then the sheriff said to her " nay, ye must have your hands bound." 'Then two serjeants came and bound her hands to two posts. Then they laid the weights on her, which, when she felt, she said, "Jesu, Jesu, have mercy on me (a strong feeling). She was dying a quarter of an hour. A sharp stone, as much as a man's fist, had been put under her back ; upon her were laid seven or eight hundred weight, which, breaking her ribs, caused them to burst forth of her skin (strong marks or hor ror). These persecutions marked the very spirit of that church -they were laid down from principles. The very bishops were the actors, and often the originators. They brought down the wealthy Ca tholics and Dissenters, whilst they imprisoned the poor- excommunicated them by name, and thus made them outlaws; rendered them incapable of sueing or recovering debts, rents, or damages; inca pable of making a bargain or contract, and unable to convey property by deed or will. Thus the work of church of England intolerance and insidiousness made progress under the first James. In the beginning of the first Charles, Lord Scroop was accused of leaning to recussacy because he had only convicted 1670 Catholics in the East Riding of Yorkshire in one year. In the time of Charles II., 800 Protestant dissenters died in gaol, whose crime was non conformity to the church of England. Has intolerance left the church and its prelates yet? Would the dissenter be freed from the Test Act and the Catholic from the penal laws, had these prelates had their will even now ? (Cheers.) Did they not cling to them to the last with the grasp of dying men? (Cheers.) Who had been guilty of intolerance in this country ? Who was practising it at that very moment. Who but the right rev. prelate who charges us with the possibility of being intolerant at some future time, made the attempt to revive and apply the penal laws in this very country against another bishop? (Tremendous cheering.) Who appealed to power and authority, and urged his point not openly and manlike, but covertly and insidiously? ( Much cheering.) Why the very name of Protestant signifies intolerance of another's creed, and even now are they protesting against Irishmen obtaining the fair temporal chances open to all, on the ground of his religion (cheers). The church will be in danger, was the conclu- sion of the right rev. prelate (laughter and cheers). There is no period of that Church's history in which, if I put my ear to the page of history, I do not hear her prelates shrieking out, " the Church in danger!" (laughter and cheers.) And the cry is invariably followed by some act or attempt of intolerance. For my part, if I had never heard the fact of the danger from such good authority, I should, nevertheless, have concluded that a church that was born of in- tolerance, of plunder, of insidiousness, of oppression, of tyranny, and of bloodshed, must ever be in danger (cheers). She is in danger in the mind of every man who hears her history (cheers) . And I would suggest to the right rev, prelate, that the best way of keeping her in the least danger possible, is to be so far silent in our regard as not to compel us to unlock and let out the history from its dark and troubled fountain. The very rev. doctor sat down amidst thundering applause. The resolution having been seconded by Mr. R. Blake, was carried unanimously. Mr. A. Duncan moved the second reso- lution-- II. " That this meeting has received with sur- prise an intimation on the part of the Right Rev. Dr. Broughton that undue means have been used to promote emigration from Ireland, in order to give the Catholic portion of the community a preponderance. That this meeting, not being aware of the existence of such influence, most respectfully invites his lordship to specify it; and in the meanwhile indulges the hope that the colony will suspend judgment as to the existence of this undue influence." -He observed that the resolution was a declaration on the part of the Institute, of their entire ignorance of certain efforts in favor of Irish immigration, which were believed to be imaginary until pronounced real by the Right Rev. Dr. Broughton. Rumours had existed and the imagination had been at work, but the only real fact of " undue influence" that had come to his (Mr.. D.'s) knowledge was to be found in the recommendation of the prelate himself in his official report ; and this ' undue influence" went in the opposite direction to that complained of. The right rev. prelate had, however, lent the weight of his testimony to the reality of what was before only rumoured and disbelieved; and the Catholic body had a right to demand of him for proofs of the assertion. This was the purport of the resolution he had the honor to propose, and after the splendid array of facts they had just listened to, he would not draw upon the imagination where facts were occult if not wanting; but at once put the question, and leave the Right Rev. Dr. Broughton to answer it. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Coyle and carried unanimously. Moved by Mr. Innes-- III " That the secretary be instructed to forward a copy of the speeches of the Right Rev. Dr. Broughton and Mr. James Macarthur delivered in the last sitting of the legislative council, as they appear to be authentically reported in the Sydney Herald, to the secretary of the Catholic Institute in London." The Very Rev. Dr. Ullathorne said before the resolution was put he wished to make one remark. The resolution was to the effect that the secretary be requested to transmit to the secretary of the Institute in London, the speeches of the Right Rev. Dr. Broughton and Mr. James Macarthur. The object for doing this was that those speeches might be immediately published in England; that they might be immediately made known to the people of England and Ireland, to the parliament, and especially to the Catholic Institute, which was established for the protection of British Catholics in every part of the world (cheers). It was to let them know at once what the gentlemen of the legislative council were planning with respect to immigration; to let them see that those gentlemen were for endea- vouring to introduce into the colony only English- men and Scotchmen ; and to deprive her Majesty's Irish subjects of their fair and legitimate rights. It was hardly necessary to explain to them that the revenue by which immigrants were brought into this country arose from crown lands ; these lands till they were sold were the possessions of her Majesty ; and all her free and loyal subjects had a right to avail themselves of the advantages arising from the disposal of them ; but those gentlemen said that her Majesty's Irish subjects should not; and yet they were not opposed to Irishmen be- cause they were worse labourers, or worse subjects, but merely on the ground of their religion. They wanted to establish a sort of penal law, to exclude Catholics as Catholics; and to provide a remedy for that, it was only necessary that her Majesty's minis- ters should be made acquainted with their proceed- ings. Being put in possession of the facts, they would not fail to do justice in the matter (cheers). The resolution was then seconded by Mr. A. J. M'Guigan, and carried unanimously. The Rev. F. Murphy moved that his Lordship do leave the chair, and that Dr. Ullathorne take it. The Very Rev. Dr. Ullathorne having taken the chair, Mr. W. A. Duncan moved that the thanks of the meeting be given to his Lordship the Bishop, for his able and dignified conduct in the chair. The resolution having been seconded by Dr. Harnett, was carried by acclamation. After the applause had subsided, His Lordship remarked, that the details which self-defence required to be opened before the meet- ing, must have been heard with pain. On those, however,who, finding no tangible cause of censure in the present state of things, had wandered into the regions of futurity, and given being to surmises and possibilities of a direct offensive character to an unoffending community, would rest the blame. Had the right rev. prelate and the hon. member of coun- cil busied themselves with the past, instead of the future; the one one might have learned the propriety of silence, and the other have seen the possibility of tolerance being exercised by a party which had had the benefit of long experience, continued even to the present day--and whose doings therefore may be looked upon justifiably with some degree of suspicion ( hear, hear). He would ask, what was there that had been observable in the conduct of the Catholic portion of this community to justify these surmises of future intolerance, and to merit that our conduct should be characterised as " insidious?" At all events, the present proceeding will not, his lordship apprehended, be thus stigmatised (a laugh). Undue influence is insinuated.-Where? he would ask; by whom? when? He could select a period when something of the kind was exercised, when the attack was insidious and the intolerance not an apprehension in the future, seen through an excited medium, but a reality of the present (hear, hear). Let the opposition made to the benevolent plan of the late governor to promote the cause of education be reviewed, in the means used by a party to frus- trate the design of one of the most enlightened statesmen of the day (cheers). In it might be seen ' insidiousness," and " undue influence," and some thing of "intolerance" (hear, hear). Though the Catholic community observed a strict neutrality for the sake of peace; yet the plan of education was denounced as favouring their views and subverting Protestantism In order to justify the denunciation, it was in the first place declared from a high quarter that the new plan deprived man of his birthright-- the reading and the interpreting of the bible. How far this assertion was correct it was not for him to say. And, secondly, that the Catholic church pro- hibited the use of the sacred scriptures to her chil- dren in the vulgar tongue. In corroboration of this second assertion certain propositions were selected, purporting to bear on the question, out of the hun- dred and one " propositions" extracted from the works of Quesnel. And now for that which to his mind bore the appearance of "insidious- ness." The terms in which each and several of these one hundred and one propositions, some of which were indeed blasphemous-destructive of social and moral order-were stigmatised--these same items were quoted as being applied to the few rejected propositions: so that to the uninstructed reader it appeared that the reading of the bible in the vulgate tongue had been so condemned by the head cf the Catholic church. Then the head of the church of England in the colony invited under his protection Protestants of every denomina- ti0n, to make common cause against a portion of the community which offered no provocation. Have we not seen within the last year how all dissentients from the church of England have been abandoned ? And now he would ask again, in what part of the conduct adopted by the Catholic community wer to be found those germs of intolerance out of which are to spring the overshadowing branches which darken futurity? In what do our "insidious" attacks consist? our ''undue influence ?" We invite inquiry and reply. If reference be made to our avowed practical assumption of equality in civil and religious matters, we answer that this line of conduct has been adopted for the very purpose of destroying intolerance. And, if there be any latent doubts respecting our rights, or any intention to call them in question, to the invitation embodied in the second resolution he would add another invitation. Let the question be raised forthwith ; let the authority which is to repress us be immediately invoked. We have been so long engaged in a struggle to establish, on an immutable basis, our rights-and, in establishing our rights, those of every religious denomination-- that we have been taught to endure; and can peace- ably hold on in our firm determination. In our earlier years necessity compelled us to petition for that which nature gave us at our birth. To necessity at length was surrendered that which to justice was denied; but we do not intend that one of those who bettered us shall ever sully his knee in ignoble dust, humbly supplicating his fellow man to be allowed as a privilege that right which God gave, which God alone can take away--the right of worshipping Him according to the dictates of conscience, and after the bent of our forefathers (immense cheering). Let Protestants, let Presbyterians, imitate our example. Let them mind their own duties, and meddle with no other community. So shall toleration and intoler- ance, words hateful to the Christian and enlightened pass into disuse, and our children's children be happily ignorant of their meaning in a religious case- a consummation devoutly to be prayed for; and which he trusted would be realised, all appre- hensions to the contrary notwithstanding. His Lordship sat down amidst loud cheers; and the business of the evening being concluded, the meeting dispersed. 