CHURCH OF ENGLAND On Wednesday, the foundation-stone of the new church in the the parish of St Lawrence, was laid by the Bishop of Australia. At the usual hour, the service for the Feast of the Circumcision was commenced by the Rev. Mr. Walsh, the minister of the parish, in the temporary chapel under Mr. J. T. Hughes' brewery. The chapel was well filled. After the service, the Bishop with a number of the congregation drove to the ground, and shortly after- wards a procession was formed, headed by one hun- dred and forty children belonging to the parish Sunday School. At the gate of the ground the procession was joined by the Bishop, and went to the foundation in the following order: The Children of the Infant School, Six abreast, with Flag, Clerk. Workmen engaged in the building. Foreman of works, with mallet and triangle. The Architect, with plans. Mr Metcalfe, with contract. Some of the congregation. The Trustees, with wands. Mr Hughes, with brass plate } Churchwardens {Mr James, with coins lier. W. Ii. Wo&h;, and Rev. James Edmonstone, with copies of the Liturgy and Scriptures. Mr. Norton. JSV^SSf "1 High Sheriff. Tlic Senior Chaplain. Thc Ministem of St. James* and St. Pcïer's. Upon arrival at tho ground, the cxxxii- Psalm was placed struck it with a mullet, saying-** I lay tins as thc foundation «ad corner stone of u church, ta bc built iu this place, lo bc named Christ Church, as dedicated to God who was iu Christ reconciling thc world unto himself: and to be set apart for the preaching of thc right Catholic faith, which wc be- lieve and confess, ia the name af thc Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost" After the Apostle's Creeed and some prayers, the Bishop delivered a short extemporaneous address, in which he dwelt particularly upon the fallacy of the principle advocated by many sincere persons, that the gospel should not be taken to persons until they ask for it themselves; and congratulated his reverend brethren and the auditory generally, upon the friendly intercourse which at present exists between the clergy and the people. At the conclusion of the address, his Lordship pronounced the usual benedic- tion, and the ceremony was concluded. The church is to be erected at the apex of the tri- angular piece of ground in front of the Benevolent Asylum, and will form a striking object upon entering the town by the Parramatta road. Pouca iMTxnrxHEScc-The following encur- eñes was made known to u« in a communication from an inhabitant of Gloucciler-strcet, and as he j statis himself to lia TO Leen an rya witorss, and ' hits furnished us with his name, we mention the circumstance, with LI view to call the attention or the Police Superintendent to it. Our informant slates, that on Thursday Ltt, the 26th ultim», he was standing at his own door, when he ob- served a countable come out of bit house and advance up thc street about twenty yards to » man who wai standing at his door, ho scixed him by the collar, and at the same time ure his stafTand made a blow at bim, almost sufficient to kneck a bullock down, but providentially the »tull was arrested in its progress by the top or the door way. A sailor who was standing at the door, in, sering the attempt of the constable, took the sluiTout of his hand and threw it away into the SIM t, another constable came up, the parties commenced a scuffle in (he house, aud cries or murder were heard issuing from it. Our inform- ant states that be went to the watcbhouse for assistance to quell thc riot, and on his teturu fou nd a patty or constables with the man and sailor in charge, and »ho were lodged in the ualckbuuc-. The next day thc constable preferred u charge of assault a gainst them, and they were ordered to pay a Gue or three pounds each, or go to gool Tor a month, to which alternative the sailor, not having the money, was reduced. Wou.oscosc^-Wc perceive that a meeting of thc inhabitants or Wollongong will beheld shortly, for the purpose or forming u bunk, or having a branch of one of the Sydney banks established. Wc would recommend thc hitler course as being thc most convenient, for thc country banks arc not required as banks of discount, so much as banks af deposit. In thc event of a branch or one of thc Sydney bantu being formed there, it will bc a great convenience to thc inhabitants both of Wollongong and Svdncy, if arrangements can bc made, lo make all cheques payable either Ut thc branch or Sydney. Thc Auction Company held their first sala yesterday, when they disposed or tho cargo of the jl/ario-TheTimor ponies fetched excellent prices. Mr. I. Simmons officiated os auctioneer. POPULATION.-We have compiled for the information of our readers, an account of the numbers of persons, free and convict, who have arrived in this colony during the past year. The total addition to our population during that perior, was ten thousand three hundred and sixty-seven free persons; and two thousand two hundred and sixty-one convicts. .... seventy-seven free persons; and four hundred and thirty-six convicts arrived in the following ships: Earl Durham, 56; Boyne, 234; Eweretta, 26; Margaret, 56; North Briton, 33; Charles Kerr 226, ...... ....... 667 free persons, as follows-Perfect, 40; Susan, 220 ; James Moran, 2£U; Indus, 36; Jessie, 9i; Potentate, 29; no convicts. The addition to the population in March, ivas 1702 free persons, and 431 convicts. Thc British King, 227 ; Garrow, 227 ; Gilmore, 30; Planter, SO; Susan, 296, Royal George, 112; Duchess of Kent,19: Aliquis.WS; Juliet. IS; Prince Rege nt, 220; Indemnity, 14; Lordmuiam Bentinck, 35 : and Royal Saxon, 80\. Con vic Ls-Pl anter, 171 (females); and JJ/m Barry, 320 (males). The increase in April was ll SS J rec persons. Auauitut C Hero of Malovn,272; Orient,346: Palestine 16; Brilliant, G ; Christina,46; and Morayshire, 110. In May, tic population of the colony received an j addition of 1007 free persons in thc following ships: Asia, 2T2; Spartan, 22; Ann, 2S; Mary Hay, 68; Formosa, 269; Lucretia, ll; Roxburgh j (males); and milby. 182 (females). Li July, the increase was SGI free persons. Midlothian, 37; William Mitchell, 13; Achilles, 14; Fer- guson, 40; Regulus, 10; Strathßeldtay, 2-17; lieber, 203. In August there arrived 268 persons. By the Navarino, 213; and Abberton, 45. In September the increase was 2088 free persons: and 440 convicts. They arrived by thc following stups: Ctrnwalt, 874; Calcutta, 33; Savins, 50 Bussorah Merchant, 236; Ludy Raffles, 260 Neptune, 234; Lord Glenelg, 9; Abbotsford, 70; Duncan. 40 ; Amelia Thompson, 247. Convicts -Parkfield, 240; and Blenheim, 200 (males). In October the increase was 266 persons. The Mel- rose, 9; William Mitchell, 5: i-Yon'sr, 208; Clensaitly, 44. In November tierc arrived 532 free persons; and 142 convicts. In the William, In addition to the population in December, there was 781 free persons; and 449 convicts. There arrived in the- Orient, 28, Royal George, 15; William Metcalf 13; Thomas King, 9; North Briton, 285; Eu phrates, 48; China,260; Samuel, 8; Andromeda 14; Minerva, 62;Superb, 89; Convicts - Ba rossa, 384 males; and Minerva, 115 females. persons; und 449 convicts. There arrived in tho CWeftf, 23, Royal George, 15 ; William Metcalf 13; Thomas King, 9; North Bnton,WS; Eu »*m/«t48; CAi/ro,260; Samuel.B; Andromeda 14; Minerva, 62; Superb, 89: Convicts-P rvna, 384malts; and Minerva, 115 females. SHIP NEWS. Tho frVliam Metcalfe is taking in cargo * * tU'swhttrf,forPortPhillip;shcwiIlsBiloni steam-packet put about eight o'clock the next morning, thc passengers having thus been detained about thirteen hours. One of the passengers upon being applied to for his passage money refused to pnv: and upon being prcised, delivered a Junius like Iwritten protest against paying, on account of thc expense ne hod been put to bv the detention. The contain became very irate, and declared he would stop tue passenger's "triings," but as it turned out that he was not a "' trpct bog," and there was nothing to of one hundred miles UUNTXR'8 RIVEH -The Tamar went on to the patent slip, Yesterday, to have the pipes that go through her bottom repaired ; it is expected she will bc ready to gu to scsi tomorrow evening. A steamer, for Morpeth, leaves the Commercial Wharf at seven o'clock this evening. London on Sunday next, takes home seventy-four passengers, amongst them ara Messrs, Street, and Hyndes, and families. QUARANTINE -- According to the returns from the Quarantine ground on Wednesday, there were two hundred ana two healthy ; sixty-nine were ia the hospital: seven have died since tue arrival of the ship, and there were seven new canes on the 21st ultimo. If no new cases spring up, the North Briton will he released from quarantine about the 15th instant. I'onr MAcq.tuniK._A. few daysiiocc the schooner tVnter Witch, and other vessels,nltemptcd to leave the harbour of Port Macquarie, on their return to Sydney. The Water Witch drew more water than the rest, and struck on the point of u rock, which went through her bottom and held her for a short' time, until a wave sent her on her beam ends, Sha' had a considerable number of pigs on board which were all destroyed,and her cargo was much damaged, so much so, that thc wniw,- which, was her prin- cipal freight, was sold on the spot at four shillings per bushel. Thc pilot was on Lourd at thc time the accident occurred. Three hundred pounds will bc required to repair the damages she has sustained. DESTATCJL-The steamer Maitland left Mor- peth on Wednesday morning last, at seven o'clock, and arrived in Sydney about dark thc same evening. She discharged her cargo, and at day- break yesterday morning started for Brisbane Water, where she Hrrived about eleven o'clock, and after slaying there about three hours, started on her return, and was alongside thc Commercial Wharf by seven in thc evening. 