Z vtjinal C 41'ruspotstastre.' ON TILE WANDERINGS OF THE HUMAN MIND.-No. 26. l '/hy are these contentions and schisms among you? Hare ts ist one God, and one Christ ? and one Spirit, and one calling in Christ? (7'he do we divide, and serer the members ty Christ, and raise sedition against the body? Your schism perverts many."-Sr. CLEMENT TO TriE CORNTHIIANS. Mn. ENtion-The poisonous seeds of schism sown by Photius in the Greek church lay festering and corrupting for an hundred and seventy years, and only required some ambitious and daring hand like his to make it produce an abundant crop of dis. session, discord, and irreligious strife. And such was Michael Cerularius, patriarch of Constantinople in the middle of the eleventh century. After the translation of the imperial throne from Rome to Con stantinople, the bishops of the latter see began to assume an ascendancy over other sees, even of apos. tolic foundation, yea, over the patriarchal sees of Antioch and Alexandria, and at last pretended to the title of universal bishop or patriarch. To this they had not a shadow of right on ecclesiastical grounds; for there was not even a bishop of Constantinople for many years after the apostolie times; and when a bishop was first appointed for Constantinople lie was only suffragan to the mnetropolitan of Ileracles. The bishops of Rome constantly opposed this as sumed title and dignity, and guarded the rights and prerogatives of the apostolic and patriarchal sees. Bence Photius saw no means of attaining his am bitious views without shaking off the supremacy of the bishop of Rome, acknowledged by the east and west as vicarial head of the christian churches, on the pretence that the pope and the Latin church had embraced pernicious errors. You have seen what these imputed errors were; he did not even insinuate that the bishop of Rome was not the chief pastor of the church of Christ, in consequence of his suc ceeding St. Peter, to whom Christ by a triple com. mission entrusted ".his lambs and sheep;" that is, the care of his whole church, both pastors and people; no, he only pretended ithat the pope had erred in some technical points of discipline, and on the pro cession of the holy Ghost from the Father and the Son. If Photius, who was one of the best scholars and historians of his age, could find any trace of the bishops of Rome having " assumed" a power or su premacy "in thingsspiritual" which did not descend from the Peter, he would be the first to bring it to light, and would most assuredly have used it as a most powerful argument against that power which he most dreaded upon earth. We have then the su premacy of the bishop of Rome reluctantly, though tacitly, admitted in the ninth century by the most implacable enemy of that supremacy. In 1053, Michael Cerularius, following up the schismatical and ambitious views of Photius, induced Leo, bishop of Acrida, metropolitan of Bulgaria, to unite with him in writing to John, bishop of Trani in Apulia, objecting to the Latin church that they celebrated the holy eucharist in " unleavened" bread, fasted on Saturdays, omitted " halleluias" in Lent, and such like insignificant points. St. Leo IX. an swered this letter by an exhortation to peace, alleging for these observances of discipline the ancient prac tice and tradition from St. Peter, especially for the use of "unleavened" bread in the eucharist. He sent Cardinal Humbert his legate to Constantinople, to vindicate the Latin church against these excep tions of the Greeks, and to preserve the union of both churches. He composed a learned and ample ex planation for that purpose, but in vain ; for the ob. stinacy of Cerularius resisted every explanation, and drew the greater part of the oriental churches into his schism. By his factious spirit Cerularius also embroiled the state; he fomented a sedition among the people, compelled Michael VI. to resign through fear, and go into a monastery, and got Isaac Com. nenus raised to the throne. Seeing that Isaac owed him his diadem in a great measure, lie wished to dic tate to and control that emperor according to his own ambitious views. But Comnenus cut him short, and got him secretly arrested and sent into exile, where lie died in 1058. Thus those who are rebellious to the admirable light that Christ maketh to shine for the guidance of his church, will not hesitate to rebel against the authority of the state when the state is not disposed to favour their wicked projects. After several negotiations between the pope, the patriarchs, and the emperors of the east; a reconci liation of the Greek and Latin church took place at the second general council of Lyons, of more than seven hundred bishops, held in 1274, by Pope Gre gory X., at which ambassadors from the emperor Michael Paleologus attended, who presented a pro. fession of faith, and a letter from twenty-six Greek metropolitans, receiving the points on account of which they first broke off from the Catholic church. However, the greater part of the clergy and monks opposed this re-union, and excited the people to resist the strong measures taken by the emperor to enforce the reconciliation effected at Lyons. Dis sensions from within and invasions from without hurried on the Greek empire to its fall. The em peror John Paleologus entered from state reasons into a new reconciliation with the Latins. He, ac companied by the patriarch Joseph, and a great many Greek prelates, attended the general council of Florence, held by Pope EugeniusIV., in 1438-39, when the Greeks were again taken into the commu nion of the church. They were allowed to retain their ancient points of discipline, and submitted to the supremacy of the pope, which point was never controverted by them. Again did the clergy and monks head a popular commotion against the re union, and those who subscribed to it; and thus continued in their distracted and schismatical course, till their country and empire fell before the victorious arms of Mahotnet II., in 1453. Several portions of the Greek schismatical church have bedla from time to time, since that period, taken into the communion of the Latin church; but the great body of them drag out a most abject and de graded existence under their Turkish masters. The patriarch has to pay large sums both for obtaining and securing the sultan's ltarott, or sanction for the exercise of Isis jurisdiction. He hsas to raise these sums from the clergy, and they in torn from ithe people, so that every rite and ordinance of religion may be said to be bougist and sold to tho itiltest bidder; yet the Greeks retain every article of fith, with the exception of the supremnacy of the pope over the esatern church, on t isleh mdern innova tars differ from the Catholic churcit.-Yours truly, JOHN SCOTT. 