ESSAY II. MEDICINAL USE OF SPIRITUOUS LIQUOR. -BY 'PROFESSOR EDGAR. (Continued jrom our last. J " Temperance Societies have collected and published an immense mass of facts, exhibiting, not the uselessness merely, but the absolutely noxious influence of even what is called the moderate use of spirit- uous liquor, in those very circumstances in which jt ,was supposed to be necessary : and in the living, practical experience of a million five hundred thousand members of Temperance Societies, abstinence from spirituous liquor is exhibited to the world as a blessing. One of these facts we shall quote, for the purpose of showing how very limited a use is made of spirituous liquor, not for prevention, or for the cure of imaginary disease in persons in health, as it is generally used, but for actual medicinal purposes, in common hospital practice. In the Baltimore Alms-house Infirmary, there were, in 1828 and 1829, four thousand and forty patients ; and that the medical treatment of these was very successful, appears from the fact of there having been only 322 deaths, 102 of which were cases of chronic pulmonary consump tion. How much spirituous liquor was used for these 4040 patients in the space of two years ? Five barrels of whiskey, and thirty gallons of other spirits. This no doubt seems to be a large quantity. It would, certainly, have been grievously against us, had it all been used strictly as medicine. But no such thing was the case. The whole of the whiskey was used for various purposes in the alms house, chiefly for stimulating liniments, and for making common tinctures. We beg particular attention to this important circumstance, for it is calculated to dis sipate much ignorance respecting the me dicinal use of spirituous liquor. 44 The uses of spirituous liquor in medi cine, are such as have been mentioned, — external applications, for example ; or for dissolving different substances, such as converting opium into laudanum. The actual prescriptions of distilled spirit, in en lightened medical practice, are very few ; and even these generally in quantities for which our most moderate drinkers would have little relish; for, moderate even to the very precincts of abstinence as tliey wish to represent themselves, they would be ill satisfied with having their spirits and water administered to them in tea- spoonfuls. " In the Baltimore Infirmary, to which we have just referred, there were only thirty gallons of distilled spirit used by 4040 patients during two years ; that is at the rate of fifteen gallons a year, or one- quarter of a glass for each patient in the course of a whole year ! Granting, there fore, that none of the medical attendants were infected with the old Brunonian heresy, and that none of the attendants on the sick drank any of the 4 universal medicine ' themselves, and that it was all used by the patients, and that it was right and useful m all cases that the patients should use it; — after all, what strength can the supporters and trumpeters of mar vellous 4 medicinal use ' derive from the example we have offered ? 44 Abundance of illustration crowd upon us, manifesting the safety and wisdom of the progressive diminution of distilled spirit in the medical practice. Who knows whether the time be far distant, when very many may unite in the opinion expressed by a high authority, — 4 4 That medical science would lose nothing by the total and eternal banishment of spirituous liquor from the face of the world V As we said at the commencement, — Temperance So cieties do not interfere with the discussion of such a question, their business being not philosophical investigation, but the publication of clearly ascertained practical truth, for great benevolent purposes. We - shall, therefore, content ourselves at pre sent simply with stating a few facts, calciilated to illustrate the beneficial effects resulting from renouncing even the mode- . rate use of ardent spirit. . - 44 A friend of ours gave us, a short time - since, the following account of his own experience. 4 1 was in the habit of taking a single glass of spirits and water each day after dinner, except when a friend called, on which occasion I seldom exceeded two. Beside this, it was necessary for me, as I conceived, to take, at times, a small quantity of undiluted spirit, as a remedy for flatulence. During the time of Lent, when I drunk no spirits, an advocate of temperance visited our town; and 1 was voted into the chair. His eloquence wast too strong for me; it is probable indeed" that I was more easily persuaded on ac count of my Lent abstinence from spirit uous liquor ; and I enrolled my name at the head of the list. Little did I think that my example would have had such an influence as that night evinced ; but when I went home to my wife and family, O, . what a hubbub! It will kill you, my dear ! It will kill you, papa ! was the uni versal cry : you have been so long accus tomed to take a little, that you cannot leave it off ; and then your stomach too, dear papa. Well, well, said I, be quiet; I have done nothing which I cannot undo, if I find my health giving way, or any other bad consequences following. 4 1 tried,1 he said, 4 and the success of my experi ment was most encouraging. My stomach complaint vanished ; — m truth, 1 believe it to have been created and nourished by the very thing which I foolishly took to cure it ; my health and elasticity returned ; and not even in the days of boyhood had I healthier days, or more dreamless nights, than since I became a member of the Temperance Society.' 44 A very intimate acquaintance of our own, who has himself profited not a little by renouncing his moderate - glass, gives, much better than we can, the following illustration of the truth of Temperance principles: — Some time after Temperance Societies had attracted public attention in the old world, I was passenger in a steam boat. After dinner, when the drinking apparatus made its appearance, a brisk cannonade upon Temperance Societies commenced, and all, except myself, were loud in expressions of condemnation ivtL,. ; ... ..nr. - - i . ' Let. Temperance be thy companion, so shall health sit on thy brow. " -y : " ' ' : ' - " - - - " ' or of ridicule. Among other things, the captain said,—' I would as soon part with that right arm, as with my glass of grog. ' Observing, after some time, that he did not drink though all were drinking around, I asked the reason. 4 I am going on deck/ he replied, 4 to remain for some time, and I have found by experience, that I am more liable to be affected by cold after having taken spirits.' 4 Why, ' said 1, 4 that is exactly what Temperance Societies say : they teach, that spirituous liquor, instead of being beneficial, is decidedly injurious, under exposure to cold.' 4 But,' said he, 4 1 take my allowance after coming off deck, just before tumbling into my berth, and could not enjoy a sound sleep without it.' 4 Did you ever try ?' I asked signifi cantly. 4 No, ' said he, 4 nor do I intend. ' Here the conversation dropped. Six months after, while strolling round the quays, I met the same captain, who, run ning to me, and shaking me most affec tionately by the hand, asked me, — 4 Do you recollect what you said to me the last time we met V I answered 4 No. ' 4 You asked me,' said he, 4 if I ever tried to go to bed without my usual allowance of spirits and water ? I have tried, and so long as I live I shall have reason to thank you. I took a little jam and hot water for a few nights, and soon found a very happy change ; my sleep became sound and , refreshing ; my appetite became keen as the morning air ; and my whole body and mind seemed renewed with fresh vigour. Perliaps you recollect a slight inflammation on my cheek, and round my mouth,— that used to annoy me sorely ; O, what a horrible business shaving used to be — and then, the moment I caught cold,, which was very often, the inflammation ascended and settled in my eye. All that, how ever, is long since gone ; and now I am as hale and as hearty as the day I was mar ried—thanks to you and the Temperance Societies — that I used to laugh at, but I would fight for you now.' 44 Only one other illustration, and we have done with our medical disquisitions. There is a very large Temperance Society, auxiliary to the British and Foreign; we shall not give either its longitude or lati tude ; but that does not prevent it from having one of the best of men as secretary. We have heard this worthy secretary give the following interesting account of his own case : — 4 1 was,' said he, 4 a martyr to the stomach complaint ; and while taking my moderate glass, I tried many remedies without effect. At length, being in Lon don, I consulted a medical man, and he advised me to take each day after dinner, a table-spoonful of brandy. I followed his prescription, but received no benefit. Being on business, some time after, in Edinburgh, where I had a medical friend connected with the army, I consulted him, and he recommended me to take an addi tional. table -spoonful of brandy after supper. I took his advice and his medi cine ; but, instead of improving, I became gradually and rapidly worse. In despair, I applied ' to, a third physician ; he asked me what I took for breakfast ; I told him that it was the usual bill of fare. 4 "It won't do at all,' said he ; 4 you must take porridge, and put into it a table-spoonful of brandy.' I tried to add this to my other prescriptions, but it would not work ; the porridge and the brandy would not go down my throat in company, so I kept to my old remedy. Implicit, how ever, as was my faith in my medical ad visers, I could not conceal from myself that my health was declining like the shades of evening ; my appetite was gone ; my strength had so failed, that it was ne cessary to carry me in a chair to my counting-house ; and the time seemed to be Hastening fast, when a bustling world would no more miss me, than the sun of to-day missed a dewdrop which was dried up by the sun of yesterday; — when my attention was attracted by some of the Temperance Society's publications. Well, thought I, if these tracts speak truly, I am far astray ; , and if my doctors say truly, that there is no remedy for me but theirs, I am posting fast to drunkenness and death; for, long since, their table-spoonfuls of brandy lost their effect in exciting me, and I have doubled and trebled them in vain, while each day I am drawing closer to the grave. I sent,' said he, 4 for an eminent physician, now a member of the Temperance Society, and told him I had calmly and resolutely taken my determina tion to renounce brandy and alHts associ ates. 4 Well,' he said, 'try1 I tried, and so long as I live, I shall have reason to bless ; Grod for the delightful change. I made no change whatever, but in the one particular; yet new life seemed, from that change, to spring up within me. My appetite returned ; my flesh and my strength returned. The elasticity of my early days was in my limbs once more. Some time after my recovery, I sent to my native village, to say, that if a few friends would meet me, I would try to ex plain to them the nature of Temperance Societies. On the appointed night I went, when to my astonishment, instead of a few friends assembled in a private room, there was half the village in a regular crowd. I had never made a speech in my life, yet what could I do ? there they were wait ing, come together for the express purpose of hearing me. Up I got, but what I said, or what I did not say, I know not, except something like this — 4 Friends and neigh bours, I .am no orator, nor do I need ora tory here, for you all knew the . ghost of me once ; and thanks to a kind Providence and the Temperance Society, you all see what I am now.' " 