TEETOTALISM. THERE is snell a total wont of spirit ia the Tee- total Societies, so much ginger-pap and lemon, syrup, so many grave lectures and anti-spirit sermons, that I am induced to give you a ferr scraps from the Ancients, and Jess Ancient in order, for a lime, to vary the monotonous hum- drum thread of life with which the wholesale advocates for total abstinence are endeavouring tn lead the winc-bibhers, spirit drinkers, and moderation men of thc day. I am not rm ad- vocate for total abstinence-I think it one of those extremes proposed no doubt for good purpose ned with good intent-yet those who so religiously keep a pledge to abstain, in toto could as well keep one to drink only a given portion, and not have those yearnings far even a gill, which I know many of the society herc ta indulge in, and who declare their wish that their year of trial was expired that they might once more teste a drop. If the teetotal rage extend over the colony, good bye to thc vinous aspirations of thc growers of the grape-vine- yards will become barren, atnie, and unprofitable -the-social circle and flo Ting bowl sparkling with gênerons wine, will be BS pleasures of by- gone days, the young and old will become spi- ritualized ; no, no, that cannot be, no spirit will be allowed, even in name, I suppose all such titles will become teelotaliscd, even the words of St. Paul, " Use a little wine for thy stomach's sake," will be expunged-I forgot, the medical men may order a little wine " for thy stomach's sake;" this, at least, ia comfortable and proper too, for here the moderate men may indulge a little, a very little, and not act contrary to the sanction of the wise and good in all ages. Those who have denied the virtues of urine, arc those who have not been able to drink it. Asclepiades wrote upon wise, and observed that the gods had not bestowed a more valuable gift upon mon-even Diogenes drank it; but be, like many of thc present time, liked that wine best which he drank at the cost of others, n maxim, adopted too, by Mosely, who, when asked what wine do you drink, Doctor, replied, " Port at home, Claret abroad." Hippocrates, the Father of Physic,' recommends a cheerful glass ; and Rhaxes, an'Arabian physician, says, no liquor ia equal to good wine ¡ Che boldest of ita advo- cates was Whitaker, physician to Charles the Second) who maintained that life could be pro- longed from infancy to old agc, without sickness, | by the usc of wine. It hu been not unfre quently asked whether wine was known to the1 antedeluvian world-that it wes, may be inferred from thc fact, that Noah planted a vineyard, and moreover, that he drank of the wine and waa drunk.-I do not with to put the question of wine drinking either upon Its antiquity or propriety, but simply as to the quantity; this much depends upon the capacity of thc stomach, but more upou constitutional habits; those who ¡¿ave been confirmed drunkards should not be pledged to abstain at once and entirely, for. they are not unfrctpiently obliged to reeur to their old habits, and then farewell to temperance Wino hu not only beca considered good for the body, for Il I* (fcc T-ry tiwi of physic, It cnret tbc goat, lue dwlle, »nd the y bib ls lc, but also invigorating to tho mind, Martial says AU alibi I drink, and Ka 'y bara »ll il», Uicrliu. and FUctbni Md divided iwsy. Old Geoffroy Chaucer had a pitcher of Trine allowed him daily. But these arc the opinions and ideas of the aacieuta; let us now iee what thc less ancient did and said. Ben Jonson had the third of a pipe of wine annually, read a few of his memoranda which prove that he owed mach of his inapiration to good wine, " Mera.) I laid th« piar oí täf ' Velponlone,' ind «rôle 'moat of it after a present of 10 dozen of Palm Sack ; that play, I am positive, will live to poa. ¡ tcrity, nnd be acted with applause. Mern., | thc first speech in my ' Catalina,' spoken by ? cylla's Ghost, was writ after I parted with my friend at the Devil Tavern, I had drank well that night, and had brave nations, there ts one scene in that play -which I think is flat; I re ¡ solve to drink no more water with my wine. I Mern, upon thc 20th May thc King sent m: a hundred pounds, at that time I went often to the Devil, and before I had spent forty of it, wrote my ' AlchymisL' Mern., 'The Devil an Ass,'the 'Tale of a Tub/ nnd other comedies which did not succeed, written by rac when I and my boys drank bad wine at thc Devil." - i I could give many more such scraps ia favour I of a moderate portion of wine, but for time and space which do not permit it. i THE GoTxntfOft--The Governor atatcd, in I the Council Chamberí on Tuesday, that he had promised to go to Port Phillip by the Seahorte, the first trip she makes after the lOtü October. Tua Fina ART».-We lately visited the col- lection of Por traits and Landscapes in oil, painted byMauriceFelton^sq .Hunter-street; and were moat highly gratified to find so clever an artist domiciled amongst us, though, wc believe, not much known ; hts modest unassuming eslitaate of his own performances preventing him from bringing tuinteZf forward into the rank* where his talents entitle him to stand; Amongst the portraits, we were particularly pleased with a very striking likeness of Captain Innes, aisíi ttnt police magistrate. The likeness of Mrs. Innes is equally striking; but being painted in the present ungraceful fashion of wearing the hair, its beauty as a picture ta sadly marred be- sides what lt would have been in n simple clas- sical mode. The ornamented costume, which answers so well in thc ball-room, is quite out of glace in a picture, and' infallibly injures ifs eauty. Another very excellent likeness is Mr. Morgan, of Pitt-street ; and one of Mrs. O'Brien, daughter of E. S. Hall, Esq., drawn partly from a cast taken after her death and partly from an engraving said to resemble her. The gem of the whole collection, however, is Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in her robes of state, which with other pieces, is to be disposed of by an AnT-tLiiotr, and we cannot too strongly urge on those who are desirous of procuring good pictures at a cheap rate, to pay Mr. Felton a visit and learn thc terms. CoüMiTTAL.-On. Tuesday last, . William Clarke, olia* Smith, was committed to take bis trial for stetting some hinges, the property of Mr. Bowden of George- street. A FAMILT or INCURABLES.-On Monday last Thomas Morrison, John Sullivan, Catharine Sullivan, and Margaret Halmes, were brought before the Police Court, on a charge of stealing a sailor's jacket, for which Morrison was com- mitted ; after which, Sullivan and bis wife were brought up on a charge of keeping a house of ill fame, m Kïut-street, when the former was scat ta take hts trial for the offence. Mrs. Catharine Sullivan was afterwards placed at tbs bar sud convicted of being a common prosti- tute, for which abc was sentenced to be confined and worked in thc factory for three calendar months. And Margaret Holmes was subse- quently charged with stealing a pair of shoes, tbs properly of Mrs. Sutlivnu ; but as she proved, by the evidence of the prosecutrix,.that thc shoes had bceu lent to her, thc case against her was dismissed. Thc four individuals above referred lo were all inmates of the same buil- ding, situate in Kent-street, CUMGENU, DARLINCIUUHST.-We are re rqussted to remind the inhabitants of Sydney, that the great sale of thc allotments anJ ground at Craigcud, the property of Sir Thomas Mitchell, S. G., situated on the summit of Wool- loomooloo Hill, embracing some of the finest views of I'ort Jackson, the town and its exten- sive suburbs) will, take place, this day, Kt the Auction Mart, King-street, without reserve, and at a credit of five yea», to commence at twelve o'clock precisely.-Cotnmuniçattd. ST. LAURENCE CHURCH.-The sum of £247 was collected on Sunday last, after the sermons preached in aid of the funds for the erection of Mr. Walsh's church. Considering the depressed state of the times, and that the evening was wild and stormy, this was a large amount. CIRCUIT Co CRTS,-Il was expected that the Berrima Circuit Court would close on Tuesday evening. His Honour thc Chief Justice lett town fur Bathurst yesterday morning. ERRATUM.-In lae first eolumnof ourleading , article of Tuesday, on the Census, it is said that " to the population of Sydney there have been added nearly twenty thousand souls within the last three years :" for three '' read thirteen. Those who hare filed these articles for future reference, will do well to correct this error with thc pen. CRICKETTI xe-Yesterday, a match at single wicket was played in Hyde Park, between a native of the Colony and a late arrival from Kent for five pounds. Some heavy bets were offered by those who knew the Native's play, but no takers were to bc found. The result was as follows :-Native three ; Immigrant two ; tile latter declining to make more pîay in thc affair, as he was of opinion that he could not get the Cornstalk to resign his bat. BUSHELLE'S CONCERT LAST NIGHT.-Tile house was crowded, and ibc whole went off well ; except that Mr. Bushelle broke down in " Graves or Blarney," having become hoarse from over- exertion. Wc sholl give n fuller account to Mr. Slade, the Commissioner of Assignment, has been seriously ill for the last ten days. ARMY.—The head quarters of the 96th Regi- ment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Carn- cross, arrived in thc Asia yesterday, and marched to the barracks in the afternoon. Thc band of the 28th Regiment went down to thc wharf to meet them. 