ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. SCHOOL OF ARTS. To the Editors of the Sydney Herald. GENTLEMEN,--During the debate of last Mon- day evening, at the School of Arts, Professor Rennie, in the exercise of his assumed authority, of Literary Dictator of New South Wales, made a violent, and in my opinion unjust attack on the matter and style of the address which I delivered, at an early stage of the discussion on the preceding evening. This severe castigation was I presume, inflicted on my ghost during my absence, a privilege which the Professor did not avail himself of during my presence. This Professor of the Encyclopædia charged me with sapping the foundations of virtue and religion, and ex cathedra, denied the I delivered either an oration or an address, and affirmed that he could not apply to it a more dignified appella- tion than that of a sermon. But, Gentlemen, as my principal object in requesting permission to make some observations on that interesting subject, was not to sap, but rather by the ex- ercise of my feeble efforts, to strengthen the foundation of religion, be uniting to the au- thority of Scripture, the deductions of reason and the testimony of experience, I wish to say a few words in reply. Although the flattering report of my per- formance contained in the Herald, would have satisfied my ambition, yet, as the charge made by Mr Rennie affects my professional character, I shall feel much obliged, if you will kindly insert in an early number of your paper, not this letter only, but also my Manuscript, that the religious public may form an estimate of my theological opinions, so far at least as they were expressed in my remarks on the subject of supernatural appearances. In conclusion, I beg to observe, in confirmation of my state- ments, that the Reverend Chairman appeared to assent to my observations, and stated in his official character "that I given an able and in- teresting view of the subject," and that the theological part of it was perfectly safe in my hands, though he cautioned ignorant persons against treading on the same grounds. I am, Gentlemen, Yours respectfully, THOMAS ATKINS. Sydney, July 28, 1841. [Having allowed a report to be inserted in the Herald which contained some severe stric- tures upon Mr. Atkins, we think it only fair to allow him to vindicate himself, although we cannot find room for his address. The discus- sions at the School of Arts, although important to the parties, are not of sufficient public in- terest to authorise us to insert correspondence on the subject, and we are sorry that we inad- vertently allowed remarks to appear in the Herald which gives Mr. Atkins a right to claim the insertion of his letter.-- EDS.] 