THE SPOIiTIKG- CHROtrXCXiE. THE FIKISH or TOM MOODV—THE CRAClt HUNTSMAN. "Gone to Earth!" (Cut up, and abridged from Pierce Egan.) One favour bestow—'tis the Jast I shall crave, Give a rattling view halloo, thrice over my grve 1 Nature makes us poor only when we want necessaries, observed the late Dr. Johnson, but custom gires the name of poverty to want of superfluities. The biography of huntsmen, in general, independant of their feats in tho chase, might almost be contained in tbe space of a few nut- shells. From the best information that we could obtain from a very old Shropshire huntsman, respecting the late Ton MOODY, we understand that for upwards of thirty years he had been the ' whipper-in' to Squire Forrester's pack of hounds in Shropshire; and also that he died in the service of that gentleman. It is said of the late Tom Moody, that he was one of the happiest fellows in the kingdom ; and likewise that be had not n spark of envy io his whole composition ; indeed, generally speaking, he was happier than his monarch, or the whole race of kings, queens, or lieutenant-governors, if the statement of the poet be anything like correct, that Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown I It is true that Tom Moody now and then went to bed will rather a ' funny nob,' but it n-as not distracted with the cares of the world; in truth, lie had nothing to rifle his thoughts ; to plague his his mind ; or to put liim on the fret respecting the finances. Day light opened upon Tom with pleasure, and the evening brought liim mirth and harmony • indeed his life was one complete steady course ; he had his regular employment for the summer; and the sports of the field occupied his time throughout the winter. Tom Moody was completely provided for—as the term goes—he had no taxes to pay, his master made all this troublesome affair to most folks 'all right' to him ; and the idea of getting over a tailor's bill never alarmed the ' crack huntsman:' all that he eared about Mr. Snip was, that the latter gave his toggery a regular sporting cut; well knowing that the Squire made the huntsman's tailor 'all happiness' at Christmas on the cash account. Tom Moody was generally called by his acquaintances 'a deep nn ;' hut he was quite out of the hunt as to anything like a politician, and he had, individually, as much respect for the Outs as the Inns ; but, nevertheless, as if by instinct, he had a very great respect for the high-sounding character of a Parliament man ; and Tom always appeared to stand in great awe when in the presence of such a person ; indeed, he had been taught from his cradle to have a most inviolable respect for his 'nETTERs!' Tom Moody never soared in society above the idea of a 'serving man,' and he felt con. tented and happy in his situation; but he was very anxious to be called a good ' whipper-in ;' and also to have the character of being an excellent huntsman. He was a jolly companion, and ' quite a feature' in the village contiguous to the ' Squire's Estate'—.'and the name of TOM MOODY the whipper-in,' was well known for miles round the country. The constitution of Tom Moody was as sound as a roach—"a pleasant, cheerful glass or two," said Tom to his friends, " will never hurt any body, provided they do as I do—to get up early in the morning and snuff the fragrant gale take plenty of exercise in tile open air ; and a day's hunting is sure to put any little excess over nig'ht to rights, without the aid of Old Drench'em, the apothecary. Better to hunt in fields for health unbought, Thanfee the doctor for his nauseous draught. Tom never troubled his friends that he was out of sorts, or that he was labouring under complaint of the head-ache! He was always happy to meet his acquaintances of an evening to recount over the sports of the day ; and it was quite a treat to hear Tom Moody give the ' view halloo !' He was a merrv fellow and fond of hearing a good chaunt at all times, but he preferred those songs which related to sporting; neither was Tom in the least degree backwards when called upon to add to the harmony of the evening. The following ballad was a great favourite with hiin, and the spirit and character which he infused into it, rendered the the above song not oniy a crock affair in its way, but it frequently produced for Tom a very loud ecore; so much satisfaction did this chaunt give to the members of the club: THE PLEASURES Of THE CHASE. A southerly wind and a cloudy sky, •Proclaim a hunting morning. Before the sun rises wc nimbly fly, Dull sleep and a downy bed scorning. To horse, my boys, to horse away, The chase admits of no delay: On horseback we've got, together we'll trot 1 On horseback, &c..; Leave off vour chat, see the cover appear The hound that strikes first, cheer liim without fear: Drag on him I ah, wind him, my steady good hounds Draw on./iim 1 ah, wind him, the cover resounds. How complete the cover and furze they draw 1 Who talks of Barry or Meynell ? Young lasher he flourishes now thro' the chaw, And Sauce- box roars out in bis kennel. Away we fly, as quick as thought j The new-sown ground soon makes them fault; Cast round the f heep's train, cast round, cast round, Try hack tbe deep lane, try back, try back,. 1 I hear some bound challenge m yonder spring Comfort bitch hits it there, in that old thick hedge. Hark forward 1 hark forward ! Zounds, don't make a noise. A stormy sky, o'erchang'd with rain. Both hounds and huntsmen opposes; 1 Invainony-brn'meftleyoutry, boys, In v%n. But down, yon ronst, to jiour noBta." . Eaeb motnent now the «ky-grows worso Enough to make a parson turso::, Pick through the plow'd grpond, plfck through, pick I through, - , .it'....'.-•! Well hunted, good honnds. well hunted, well iranted, If we can but get on, we shall soon make him^uake; Hark 1 I hear «ome hounds challenge in the ttildst of the brake, * .''".' •Tatliol tallio,- fliere I across the green plain; Tallio 1 tallio, boys 1 hare at him again 1. Thus we ride, whip, and spur, for a two hours' chase. Our horses go panting and sobbing, Yeung Madcap, and Riot begin now to race, Ride on, Sir, and give him some mobbing. But, hold—alas I you'll spoil our sport. For, though the old bound, you'll head him short, Clap round him, dear Jack, clap round, clap round, Ilark Drummer, hark, hark, hark, hark, hark, back. He's jumping and danglia in erery bush ; Little Riot has fastened his teeth in his brush ; Who-hoop, who-hoop, he's fairly run down I Who-hoop, Sic. Tom Moody used frequently to go to the Stag's Bead to have a look at the Shropshire newspaper, but he scarcely ever glanced his eyes towards the price of stocks; the majority of the House of Commons, or the advertisementsof" Sales by Candle!" "Aye," said Zom, "Here is what I want to see, who won the St. Leger Stakes at Doncaster Races 1 and how the odds are upon high bred cattle entered for the Derby—these are the sub. jects that I like to enquire into 1" Any thing concerning a steeple chase he would peruse every line of it with the most rapturous delight 1 But for a Fox Hunt 1 it was worth any thing to behold his ecstacy and view his actions—his whole frame was at work 1 he would not only read the account of it with the most unbounded glee, but he felt such an animated enthusiastic interest in any thing respecting the chase, that on his concluding the paragraph he woiild give the " Who-hoop!" so loud as nearly to crack the ears of the by-standers and almost strong enough to endanger the safety of old dame BungartTs china cups and saucers in the bar, which had been handed down from father to son for opwards of a century! Upon one memorable occa- sion, when Tom was in better trim than usual, the old lady observed, " La 1 Mr. Moody, you have given the ' who-who-hoop,' as you call it, so very loud and strong to-day, that you have absolutely set all my tea cups and saucers dancing 1" " I am not at all surprised at that circumstance," said a gentleman from London who was present "his voice is music itself: I am astonished, delighted, and scarcely know how to praise it enough, I never heard anything half so attractive and inspiring (lefore, in the whole course of my life ; and the tones of it are as fine, deep, and mellow as a French hornl" Indeed, Tom Moody well deserved the title of a ' crack-huntsman;' and a better one, it is said, could not have been met with all over England; he was nothing else but a liunsman—it was meat, lodging, and washing to him; nay, breakfast, dinner and supper to Tom the whole year round. He was a very high-couraged rider: and he performed such extraordinaryleaps at times, as to have intimidated the boldest horseman in the field; but Tom Moody had been reared and trained to the duties attached to the character of a huntsman from a mere boy; and he was fond of it to excess: in his cups he often said, that other persons might say what they thought proper about enjoyment or pleasure, but to him "there was nothing like hunting!" He was neither conceited nor obstinate ; but he improved his knowledge by experience, and turned it to good account on all occasions. Another most important feature in his conduct was, that he always kept his hounds healthy and steady, and he likewise made them love and fear him. In fact, no huntsman ever knew how to make the most of a pack of hounds better than the late Tom Moody did; or, to bring them into the field with greater vigour. As a judge of the constitution of his hounds, he was truly eminent; and whenever they were at fault he made his cast with judgment; he was likewise patient and persevering at all times, and never gave up a fax whilst there remained a chance of killing him. Such were the qualities possessed by the late Tom Moody towards establishing his character as a " crack Huntsman." Amongst the oddities, who visited the club at the Stag's Head, was " Old Amen," the parish clerk, of the Caleb Quotem sort of folks in societv, who would undertake every thing, but who did nothing veil; yet one of the comer-pins of the club, and who was very much attached to Tom Moody. He was a prime old soul; but, nevertheless, a complete man of business; and it used to be his boast, when checked now and then by some of the sober members of the club, on account of his being too much addicted to drinking. "Never mind," retorted Old Amen," I can give you Scripture proof for every thing that I do; therefore listen, ye Parisees, ye reprobates, ye sinners, and learn that there is a time for every thing in this probationary life—there is a time to dance, a time to sing, and a time to drink ; and, if these three things do not make a man dry, w hy then you may say, that Old Amen is no conjurer." The parishclerk was a sort of butt for the club to crack their jokes upon • but he, nevertheless, took it all in good part; observing, at the same time, that he would much sooner put up with a skit upon him, than lose a good customer; besides, said he, I shall have my time when I shall be one with them. Old Amen, in order to be grateful to Tom Moody, for his attention and good nature towards him, one evening, when the former was at the cluh, and rather • fresh,' he mustered up courage, and thus addressed the ' crack Huntsman': " My dear Tom, you know we are all liable to die once in our life time; and, perhaps it may come to my turn first—you know we are here to-day, gone tomorrow ; put•under the sod next; and perhaps forgotten altogether in a little month ; but, for the friendship I bear towards you, if I live the longest, I will write your epitaph ; and may I be choked if I will suffer you to be 'earthed" without leaving some remembrance hehind you. TOM MOODY the prime < whipper-in" shall not be forgotten by his friends!" " I am much obliged to you, Old Amen," replied Tom, " I want no eipitaph." " Stop, stop a bit," said the clerk, with a loud hiccough. " but you are a good fellow, and ell good fellows deserve an epitaph. Besides, it encourages trade, and that is a substantial reason why you should have an epitaph j only ask the stone-mason if I am not right." "No, no, my old Boy," replied Tom Moody, " I thank you all the same, but I will not trouble you to write an epitaph on my account. I have been often and often in at the death, and repeatcdlyjoined in the ioudiiazzas; therefore I should not like exactly to steal off, as it were, to my cover, with-out some of my friends saying, there goes poor TOM MOODY, we will see the last of him. And as I do not think it proper or decent for you, Old Amen, as one of the persons belonging to the church, to join in what I am now going to request of the club to do for me, I take the will for the deed. But if the members of the club will give a BATTI.1NG VIEW-HALLOW OVER MY CRAVE, WHEN I am called by the Master of all things to give up the chase, I shall die contented." The members of the club at the Stag's Head assured Tom that the persons who might chance to survive him, would almost split their windpipes in his service,, not only out of respect to him as a prime member of the club, but to do him that justice he deserved •as.a'craek huntsman.' "And," said -the Old Clerk, " why, certainly, Tom, my occapation is a grave one; andjny office requires propriety of demeanour, if I must not join inthu hallo, 1 can wink at it, and that will be all the same. But, come, Tom," said he, " don't be down-hearted, because wc have been talking of'giving up the Ghost' you are worth a thousand ' dead ones' yet; therefore, give us a toast, and one more«ong, when we shall finish the evening like jovial souls: (siii^ingj Ti« thy will, When ! die, tot a tear chonld be shed, ' No hie jbcet eograved on my .state; .. ' But pour on my coffin a bottje of red, And say that my drinkjiig is'Jbne. . : "You area jolly Old Cook," replied Tom, "and I cannot refuse jou any ;thing; " Here's horses strong, dogs heiithy, earth's stopped, and foxes plenty !" " Bravo I" said' Old Atfien, " you see my glass is empty 1 Silence, Gentlemen, for Mr. Moody's song:" • Silence for Mr. Moody's song. Are yon all ready for Mr. Moody's song ? Yes.- Then wait until Friday next, when you shall We it—for too much ofa good thing is good for nothing; so rein up your expectations, if you please, until the 14th of May, when it shall he again— " To Rock wood, hark; hark I High, wind him, and cross him, Now Rattler boy—hark." BIBLE FOB THE BLIND The Lords of Her Majesty's Treasury have just awarded the stuns of £400 towards printing a Bible for the blind, under the superintendence of a committee at Glasgow, and which was to be finally completed this month. It will be contained in fifteen volumes, large super royal quarto, and in all there will be 3,300 volumes printed. There will be in each 2,470 pages, each containing 37 lines, and will consist of 1,160 reams of paper, weighing 9,8601bs. Tbe New Testament has been already completed in four volumes, and contains 42 lines in each page. No fewer than 10,850 volumes have already been published by the Glasgow Society for the Instruction of the Blind. THE SYDNEY COLLEGE.—We have much pleasure in announcing that our townsman Mr. Braim has received the appointment of head master of the Sydney College, with a salary and appurtenances falling very little short of £1,000 a-year Port Phillip Patriot, 8th April—[We have the best possible authority for saying that this paragraph is more amusing than instructive. Mr. Braim's prospects are, as yet, at all events, perfectly " in nubibus;" and the fact of his existence upon this sublunary sphere is unknown to the parties most concerned ED. SYD. GAZ.] IMPORTANT TO MAGISTRATES On Wednesday last Mr. Justice Burton, in addressing the Attorney-General, said he observed that the in- formation against one of the prisoners stated that the magistrate had committed him for a felony, but it was not sufficient to say that only; there ought to be some specific offence mentioned in the warrant upon which a. prisoner was committed • such a committal as that alluded to in the informal tion to which he referred was in fact illegal. It was a very common error to speak in those general terms, but the offence itself ought to be expresslv mentioned: were a warrant of that kind to come before the supreme court it wouid cause considerable embarrasment, and would in fact be deemed illegal. He hoped therefore that the magistracy woul.l bear the circumstance in mind, to avoid it for the future— Australasian Chronicle. 