THE SLAVK SHIP. We were i,n boaid a slave ship, bound to the rnasl of Afiua. Wr had passed tlic si raits uf Uibraltar, und were King ulV llaibary one clear biinht i-senini!. wVen it came my turn to lake the helm. The ship waE liecnlnied, mid everything nround was at silelll as the liny after the deluge; the wide monolony nf water varied oiilv bv the clam iocs of the moon on tie crest oi' the ivuves, made n.e lliiuk the old fdUcs; uf Nei-lune were triie, hiul lhat Am pliilrits mid l.rr N-iad- ivere rpiirliiig on Ihe un face of il,.. ,c.-a,i wi-li dianwnui in their hair. Those fai.ci. - were fuliuweil by Ih.iualil' of wife, (hilil.in. ,'?.,! '? MvoivnS.vect llon.e,' ,ill,I H,l «e,P ,.,!,lily en..u-li j'lmliled togctli.-r ju:|,',cnh I !,ea.il. '..igh n'ove my Lend, n IhimI, deep, aiid t.-nible voice rail out. ?? Sund from iimier!' 1 suited lo n,i feel-it unstU e-i-- t. man signal when anylhins win to ',e tiirown from the sluou,!s-Hnd niechanieiillv I sung out tlit usual .n.sivcr, ' Let uo :' rtutnulhing i ame ; 1 U,!.c,J up lo ill- s'irouds— there whs ni.thin.,.' ihcic. 1 scan h'-l the deck, and found that 1 was aU.ne! I tiled lo Ihink that it whs :i ditaui. but lhat nunil so deep, «, stern, so ilrearlfiil. iuni! in my e.irs like the bursting of a cnniipn. Mv tlmughtii were so totally oc cupied with Ciis sirHn|;c nrrurrrnrr. tlmt I lujcd iloivn on the deck, but rould not clo«e my cyesun that night. In the morning I told tlie crew what 1 Ud heard. They laughed at -.lie, »ud were all day long full of tlieir jokes aiiout '? Dicnniinfr. nniciful inliivrailleiy. Kc was alall.ncaillvy. malignant-looking Spanianl, who carried daring »n.l lordly nmn. and was dreaded by tlie wh'lc creiv, who buasted of crime as if it ga*e him prc-ctnincnce nmong his fellows. lie laughed longest anil loudest at my story. '? A most uncivil ghost, Tom,' said he; -when such chaps come to sec me. I will make them show themselves. I'll not be satisfied without seeing and feeling as well a« hearing.11 The sailors all joined will, him ; and I. ashamed of ni» alarm, was glail in be silent. The ncit night Dirh Burton look the helm. Dick Imd nerves like an o*, and sinews like a whale : it «-( litllc be feared ou the earth or heneath it. Tlie clock struck one. Dick was leaning on the helm, us he 'aid, tliinkinc nothing of me or my 'tory. when that aivful voice again .called from the shrouds-' Stand from under.' Uick darted forth like nn Indian arrow, » hicll Whey hay goes through nml through a buffalo, and wings on its nay as if il had nut left ilealh ill the rear. It was a moment before he had presence of mind to call out ?? Let go !' Again nothing was seen nor heard, ami all around resumed its awful silence. Two iiiKli-E. ill succession, at one o'clock, the same uneilthly sound run Min.imh the air, nnd made the lieails of our stoutest -nilors iiuuil. At List Ihe crew glee.- pale when il was spoken of, nnd the worrt nf us never went to sleep without saiinjl 'ur prayer.. A« to myself, I would !.»«? W-tn i:l,aiier| to the ? - all nit ,ife to have gut out of the veswl. riultherewe were in tlic vast .uliuiuVnf the ncenn, and Ibis in visible being was ui]|i u«. N- une put a bold limn Antonio, the Spaniard. Il-: laughed at our fear., am) defied Satan himself to terrify tain. However, ivhen it rnnie his turn at the holm he refused to go. Several limes under the pretence of illness, he was excused :Vom a duty which all on board dreaded ; but, at last the caplnin ordered Antonio to receive a dozen round lashcsevery night until he should cnn*.en1 lo perform his share of the unwelcome odicc. For a while th is was born patiently; but at length he called out, ' I may us well die one way al anut her^give me over to the ghost.11 That night Antonio kept watch on deck ! Few of Ihe errw slept— for clpeetntiotl ol ! tilsrm had vtrctclred our newts upon the rack I At one o'clock the voice called ?? Stand from | under.' « Let go,' screamed the Spaniard ! tvilh a voice that »?-? truly terrible. Tin. wal [nnscrered by n shriek of laughter— and -ucA us if the fiends sung lo each oilier from p»U to pole, and the buss was bowled in hell Then came a sudden crash upun the deck, ai if our masts and spars had fallen. We nil rushed tn the spot, and there wn« a cold, stiff gigantic corpse. 7'he Spaniard siid it wm throwu from the shrouds, and when he looked at it, l,e ground hi. teeth like a madman ; ' 1 know him,' elduinied he; 'I stabbed him leitliin an hour's tail of Cuha, and drank Iiii blood for breakfast.' We all stood aghast at the monster. In fearful whit|ien tre mked what should be dnn- uilh the body— Finally, we agreed (hat the dreadful sight mutt be ihronn into the tea, l'our of Us attempted to raitc it, but Iiiiiuhu strength wa. of no avuil ; we might as well have lugced at Atlas. There il lay stilt, rigid cold, and iniinoveablc u- if it formed purl of Hie vessel. The Spaniard was furious. » l-cl me lift him.' said he. '? I lifted him once, and can do it ngnia; I'll teach hitu what it is to cumc and trouble me' l!e took the body round the wai-l and attempted to mote it. Slowly and heavily the corpse raised itself up— its railcss eyes opened — its ligid aimi stretched uu\ and clasped its victim in a close licit ll- giapcl— and rolling over lo the side of the ship, they tottered in an instant over the waters; then, with a loud plunge, sunk 10 get her. 