POLICE. For the Week ending March 12, 1841. Edward Watson was charged by constable John Grier, with assaulting him in the execution of his duty. Mr. Grier, an ew jaclt-in-office, deposed Ihut he bud a woman in custody, und that Watson came up and said that no convict constable should lake her in custody. After a long pause, and as if-something like " Amen stuck iu his throat" he deposed that the prisoner kicked him. Constable I'rancis Mntklin, of whom a biographical sketch may be entertaining, if not amusing, (having originally been cliurcli pew opener at Hamilton, and flajjellntor of the Dis- trict) but now raised to the honorable situution of waiting gentleman in tbe Police-office, and a most cut ing character, deposed that lie saw Watson shore Grier at the time he had a woman in charge, and called Grier a convict constable. Constable Peacock swore the prisoner was brought in charge for assaulting Grier.—The prisoner was fined 20s. John Boncy was charged by IUkinsberry with sleeping in (lie open air. Boney is a very reflecting man, ana preferred perambulating by " moon light alone," and falling into a brown study, lUinsberry thought he had fallen asleep. Discharged. Benjamin Glover, an awful spectacle of tlia effects of repeated drunkenness. This man, of nearly 20 years standing, was now ordered to the stocks for default of payment of 5s. for his darling sin. Amelia Bustone was charged by Serjeant J jhn llill, with using bad language to him, and fined 5). She was then changed with abusing Mrs. Hill, in the most «hocking way possible, calling her names, and " sinniwaling" about robbing Government. Never was any thing so shocking, it would have shocked a Moll Flagjon, if she had been in a barrack room all her lifetime. Fined 5s. William Harding was charged by Mr Bryant with stealing bis best silver mounted spectacles, to which tlie prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six months hard labour in chains. Mr. Constable Tucker, of notoriety, appeared as mace, and all the persons answering to his charge pleaded not guilty, and the Bench evinced their good judgment and discrimination by discharging them. Mr. Tucker had better retire to Adelaide, or else resume the pick axe and shore! work, and he would be more at home, or any other good line of business. William Cox was charged with a breach ofthe Quarter Sessions Act, in harbouring a female convict servant, and fined £l and costs. Mr. Dawson, of Kangaroo Point, was charged on the information of prisoner constable Taylor, for breach ofthe Sunday Clause of the Licensing Act. This very unfuir and ungenerous matter was concocted by the informer, whose character on the Police-office records renders comment needless, and another prisoner constable Monday. These two worthies seem to have ruled the roast et that station for sometime past during the illness of the District Constable. The proper practice hitherto has been to receive informations only from Districts, who of course are free men, and supposed to discharge their duties honourably ana conscientiously, nnd it was the duly of these prisoner constables to have imported this charge to their superior officer, who very fortunately for the ends of justice are vested with a discretionary power on mutters of this kind under the impression that iliey will do their duty, void of all pecuniary interested motfves or intent to harrass or vex the public. The question as to persons travelling by boats to and from Kangaroo Point, oa Sundays, being " bona tide travellers," is certainly a very knotty point to decide, but in this instance the respectability of the persons who went to Mr. Dawson's house on the occasion in question, would no doubt (bod the circum'lance been properly communicated, as it ought to have been, by these prisoner constables to their superior officers,) hate prevented these proceedings against an honest and unoffending landlord. After the case was gone through on the part of the prosecution through the evidence of constable Monday, wlu> stands not No. 1 m the Police Office, constable Williams and Clark, a poor boatman, who by virtue of his employ, had taken the persons over, and dragged in us evidence, some desultory conversation took place between the defendant and the Bench, who look occasion to remark that they weredetermined to stop all travelling of pleasure from liobart Town to Kangaroo Point on Sunday; so that it appears Sir Andrew Agneiv's ghost has appeared in liobart Town. Jlorality-in a colony like this should be supported, and so ought perjury and chicanery to be punished, but after what was alleged by a most respectable and honourable tradesman ofHobartTown, in allusion to Monday's condnct, unless he can satisfactorily refute the charge, he is no longer fit to be in the Police, and unless it is enquired into the Police deserve all the odium they daily receire ({trough the admission of such fellows as this Monday. To say the least, some quick, discerning, stirring, active constable, in the shape of a chief, at Kangaroo Point is mupb required. The case against Mr. Dawson was dismissed. ' Mr. Blackburn, the publican at New Town, was charged on tlie in formation of Mr.Swittwith breach ofthe Quarter Sessions Act, in permitting a constable lo be and remain in his licensed public house when be was on duty. The case was clearly proved, and the only thing Mr. Blackball could offer in justification or extenuation was, that District Constable Poultney had occasionally, and perhaps necessarily been seen under and close to the windows of his public house. Fined 5s. and costs. Thomas Hughes was charged by constable Poner, with assaulting him in the execution of his duty, to which he pleaded not guilty. There appeared to have been too much of the extra official on the part of Powers in this business, and Hughes was discharged. 