EXECUTION. On Saturday lest the extreme sentence of the law passed into execution on llemor and Wallace, at Lauucestou, for 'robbery. As many as 500 persons were present on the occasion. The Iter. Dr. Brown and Mr. Cothum attended the prisoners, who were extremely penitent, Tbe following, taken from tiie Launreslon Courier, is s literal copy of a letter written by Wallace, a catholic, a short time before he suffered. It is an extraordinary production :—' tier Majesty's Gao>, Lnunceston, January 22nd 1841. Reader,—Whoever you be into whose hands this may fall, consider these woi-ds as much for you as for Thos. llemor, and as much for them who bears. Thos. llemor, I find it my duty to warn you of your danger for three reasons, 1st because you were an accomplice of mine in crime; 2nd because you are my brother as descended from Adam; sod lastly because <ny inward monitor urges me to do so. I now as a dying man exhort you to cast yourself on tbe Anchor of hope, before a ground surf rises and carries you into the depth of (he waters from whence there is DO recovery. You may say where is this Anchor of hope, it is everywhere, and at every persons call, who calls in sincerity. This Anchor is Jesus. How are you to make your call so as it will be considered sincere. 1 st, consider who made you, and 2nd, what yon ore, and 3rd, what you were made for. Answer to these three considerations, you know God made you, and put in you an immortal toul which will never die; secondly what you i re. Conscience tells you a wicked sinner. Thirdly what you were made for. God himself, and nis Prophets, Apostles, and holy Ministers, and now myself tell ypu that you were not made for an inhabitant of this earth. Your time here is a leave of absence lo prepare you for another and a better world, or vise a much worse. You will eagerly say I desire uo worse; tell me Paddy how I am lo escape worse. I will tell you Thomas. Behold 1st the love of God, 2nd his condscension, and 3dly his mercy, end lastly his power. First his lore in making you in his own image and likeness, and providing a maintenance for you, further as by the fall of our first parents, Adam and F.ve, we were doo.ned to dealn eternally, and why did we not die. Because God loved-usr and in mercy, and formed a covenant with Adam and Eve, and to all their posterity that he would raise of tbe seed of tlie woman what would kill the serpent, and atoue in full for their sins. And did God do all this, yes, when the fulness of time was come, says Saint Paul, God sent forth his son made of a woman made under tbe law. The Atonement was no other than God tbe Son the second person of the blessed trinity, he was conceived of the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary, perfect Man as well as perfect God. lie was accused -by the very persons for whom he condescended lo leave bis Mansion of Glory, and come upon this wicked earth to give his life a ransom for our sins; they, the Jews accused him wrongfully, what was the consequence, he was condemned and ordered for Execution, to be crucified, nailed to a cross of wood crowned with thorns, or to say it better spike nails—pierced with a spear by the soldiers, and a Kobber and a Murderer reprieved before him. You may be hardened ana say, well, Christ would not have suffered all ibis if he could escape. O, I will not believe you are that hurdened. But however he could have escaped all had be chose, be was perfect God as well as man, all things tofiim was possible, and nothing impossible. It is in this instance you may beheld the love Go,i had for fullen mail, and has for you, what did Cliiist gain for me. Answer pardon of my sins, on condition only 1 believe in him and love him,and on those conditions he has promised, you much more, he lias promised to reward the good with eternal happiness, and give them a crown of glory, a crown did you say, yes a crowu fur exceeding the costly crown ever a Monarch wore on this earth. O, what a treasure. Ti-11 me Paddy how am -1 to get this endurable riches Believe in God. Iiope in God. And love God Pnylo God for his Holy Spirit. Uc is continually paying attention, if you pray in f«ith, and out of a good motive, that in sorrow for the sins you have committed, and a firm resolution through God's assistance, never to commit them no more, God will have mercy on you as hp had on roe, and will grant you your request, and teach you how you con please him; may God grant it, Thomas. I will now speck of God's great mercy of which I am at present a living monument, you know Thomas a deal of my character, you know how hardened I was, and what wieked crimes I was addicted to, andv you have heard no doubt I would not be instructed for a long time after my present condemnation. But thanks be to God for his love he lm displayed to me, his wisdom, and mercy towards me was wonderful, wretched and rebellious as 1 was. He saw me when a far way off, and sent his spirit to compel me to come, and opened my understanding in order that he might see my danger. 1 looked and saw myself on the brink of eternal destruction, and Satan behind just going to push me into everlasting burnings, where the worm never dielii and the fire is not quenched. 1 was alarmed, I had no time to loose, I immediately inquired, Lord whm shall X do to be saved, his Holy Spirit answered believe on the Lord Jesus, ana do good works, and thou shall be saved; I earnestly enquired what was good works, the Spirit and Christ replied, prayer and fasting, which will produce three virtues that most pleases me; these three virtues is Faith, Hope, and Love, or as it may be called Charity. 1 immediately set about this jreat work, recommended by God's Spirit, I (new through weak faith it must be true, and for ever be praised the Holy Trinity, who all assisted this great work of salvation, lie does not always comfort sinners, he offers them pardon, and allows lliem to choose or regret, therefore his love and mercy lo me is greater. I am shortly to leave this dreary world, and were my free pardon now before me, I firmly resolve through God's spirit, was that free pardon offered me for committing a mortal sin, I would sooner die than commit the sin. lam bappy in my mind whether I live or die, God's will be done, I am sure I will be for ever happy when I die, think not this vanity it is God, and his spirit showed me it. On Wednesday night Jesus Christ appeared in the foim of man at the foot of my bed, thereby teaching an example otfiumifiiy, he was clothed from head to foot in a pure white robe, and a napkin on his head. He then spoke, to me in spirit, und what did he say. Language wonderful attended wilh joy, says he, fear nott I nm thy shield, 'and exceeding great reward you might have beard m° praying after. Thos., I could tell you a great deal more, but my paper will not allow, therefore, if you value your own soul and eternal welfare, vou will niiuyour wicked ways, look first ai ihe dreadful donm awaiting me, and then look at who you are offending. Hell and damnation is awaiting for you if you continue to offend so loving, so merciful, so powerful, so just and good a God and Father as God is. Repent, and whal awails you, a crown of glory, the company of the glorious and' blessed Trinity, the company of Saints and Angels, and mine I hope. O suth riches—and dreadful such miseiy. You must be in one of these conditions lo all eternity, eternity, eternity Think seriously, reflect on these truths, and do not content yonrseir with once or a dozen times reading, or else you have no regard for me, and may God in his mercy strike this home to your f heart and produce the desired effect for Christ sake, and it mil add to my ... happiness PATRICK W,J,,rr J • WAltiCt. / 