S CHALTEBR I. . D AALYT ;CLU3S nouma. - The lain :was dashing in torreirts q Yait thep win w .pa-ns, and the ~viid sweeping in- heavy -and ,fitful geats.along the dreary and deserted 'i tiweets, - asla.party of three ,persons I sat over theirwine, in that-stately.old 1 pile which once formed the resort of ,the Irish Members, in College Green, IJ :Dublin, and went ,by the .name -of .I ' aly's Club House. The clatter. of ailling tiles and chimney-pots-the jarring of the window-frames and "owling of the storm without, seem ";ed little to affect the' spirits of those within, as .they drew closer 'td a lazhiig fire, before which stood asi sminall table .covered with the debris -of a'dessert, and an abundant supply .of bottles, whose characteristic ?length of .neck indicated the rarest twries of rance and Germany ; while the 'portly. magnum of claret--the wine, par excellence, of every Irish ..gentleman of the day--passed rapidly freinharid to hand, the conversation .did "not languish, and many a deep and.hearty laugh followed the stories 'hich everyno.w and then were told, assome reminiscence of early days -was'recalled, or-some trait of a for :hier companion' remembered. One.of the party, however, was ap ,arently engrossed by other thoughts than those of mirth and.merriment around ; for, in the midst of all, he would turn suddenly from theothers hand devote himself to a .number of scattered-sheets of:paper,upon which ?e. had written some lines, but whose crossed ,and blot ted .sentences:attest .ed.how littlesuccess:had waited ;upon his literary labours. ''1'his individual wvas,'a'short, plethowic-loaking, .white fhii ed nian, ofabou t li ty,\with.a.deep ;iound'ivoice and.a .chuckling, -smoth ,er inglaugh, ,which, .whenever.he in diilged, :not only 'shook .his own am' il.e person, but generally created a .ppetty earthquake on every-side of him. For' th'e present, I shall not stop to "iprtichularise him more closely; but, w*hen Al-add, thattbhe person in.ques 'tion was a well known Memb her of the i-ish . House of Commons, whose a ,cute-underst anding-and practicalgood -sefse'Were'veiled under an aflected ..ndwll,dissembled habit ofblunder ing, that did far smore for his party than the: most violent and pointed attaiis';ol'his more accurate associates some of-my readers.may anticipate.me in ;pronouncing him-to' be:Sir Harry Boyle; USpor'his' left sata' figure tle most uilike"him',possible,; he.was a tall,.thin, bony :man, with.a .bolt-up. sight air, and a moat saturnine .ex -pression; his eyes were covered by a deep green shade, which fell far over .his face, but failed to conceal a blue scar, that crossed his cheek, enped in the -angle of his mouth, and im parted to that feature, when hbespoke an apparently abortive attempt to ex tend towards his eyebrow; his upper lip-was covered with a grizzly and ill-trimmed moustache, which added much to :the ferocity of his look, while a thin and pointed beard on his chin gave an apparent length to the whole face that coml)leted its rueful character.--His. dress, was a -single-breasted -tightly-buttoned frock, in one button-hole of which a red ribbon was fastened, the decora tion of a foreign service, which con ferred upon its wearer the title of Count; and, though Billy Considine, as he -was familiarly called -by his friends, was a thorough Irishman in all his feelings and affections, yet he had no objection to the designation he. had gained in the Austrian army. The Count was certainly no beauty, but, somehow, very few men of his day had a fancy for telling him -so ; a deadlier hand and a steadier eye never covered his man in the Phmenix; and though he never had a seat in the House, he .was always regarded as one of-the government party, who more than once had -damped the ardour of an opposition member, by the very significant .threat of "set ting Billy at him." The third figure of the group, was a large,:powerfully built, and handsome man, older than' "either of the others, butnot -betray ing -n :his -voice and carriage any touch of time. :-He was attired in the-green coat and :buff -vest which -formed the livery -of -the .club.; and in his -tall, ample forehead, clear, well-set eye, and still ;handsome mouth, bore evidence that no great flattery was necessary at 'the time which called Godfrey O'Malley the handsomest man in Ireland. "Upon my conscience," said Sir Harry, throwing down-his pen with an air of. ill-temper, " I can make nothing of it; .1 have got -into such an infernal habit of making bills, that I can't write sense when I want it," "Come, -come," said O'Malley, "try again, my dear fellov.. If you can't: ucceed, .i'mn sure ,Billy and. I 'have no chance." -"What have you -written'.? 'Let us see,"--said 'Considine, drawing 'the' ;parerrtowards him,' and holding it to- thbeight, "why, what the devil is all this ? you-have made him. 'drop down dead after dinner, of a ling ering illness,' brought on by .the de bate of yesterday.' " -"Oh,'impossible.!" -".ell, -read it yourself; there it 'is, and,as if to make the thing less credible, .you talk of his 'bill for, the -better :recovery of small .debts.' tI'm sure, O'Malley, your last '0o -nleits were Jnot employed in that -manner." "'Corie, riow," said Sir .Harry, 'CQ-ll -set-all-to rights with a. postcript, ' Any one iwho questlons'the tiaove statement, is politel-y requested, to. dallb~nRr CMr.Consiilin,' .16, Kildare, Street, who :will 'feel happy to afford him every -satisfaction -.upon Mr. O'Malley's decease, or -pon miscellaneous .matters." " Worse and worse," said "O'Mal ley.. " Killing -another. man will: never persuade the world (thati ['m dead." " "But we'll wake you, :ad have a glorious funeral." " And, if ariyn man doubt the statentientif,~'ll ~call him out," said the Count.. " A better still" satid :Sirr~Hari,. "O'Malley has his action at law fort defamation." "i see I'll ?never get down -to: Galway at this rate,' said O'Mal ley; " andas the new electfion takles place on Tuesdayweek, time presses. There are more writs flying after me -this instant, than for all 'the government boroughs." " And there will be fewer retitrns, -1 fear," said SirHarry. " Whois-the chief creditor," asked the Countri. "Old Stapleton the Attorney; in Fleet-street, has ii st f the morni6r gag-es." ,- - "Nothing to ibe idone ith him in this way," said Considine, balancing the cork-screw lilke a hair trigger. -. -,No ch diie oi. f.. i '-" - . '? M•ay -e," agid Sir ~arry, "eie might .come totterms if l.were to all andsayR--you are angious todclose accounts; as your death has juist .taken place. -:You know what I .mean. "'I fetar so' 'shold lie,' were you • to say -so. :-No, .no, Bovle,.just try a plain straiglhrt-forward paragraph :abolut my death. We'l .haive it in SFalkner's paper to-morrow; on rfriday the': funeral i can place, amid, with the blessing of God, I'll conme t tof?f .-.Qi.: pttird.y :.at'Athbone, in Stime to canvass themarket." \- " I think it wouldn't be bad, if your ghost were to appear to old Timins the tanner, in Naas, on your way down. - You know he ar •rested you once before." " I prefer a night's sleep," said. O'Malley ; " but come, finish the 'squib for the paper." ,c Stay a little," said Sir Harry, 'musing; "'it just strikes ene that if ever-the matter gets out, I may be in some coifounded scrape. Who knows if it is not a breach of privi lege-to report the death of a mem ber, and to tell you truth, I dread the Sergeant and the speaker's warrant with a very lively fear." " Why, .when did you make his acquaintance"? said the Count. " Is it possible you never heard of Boyle's committal.? said Q'Mal ley, " you surely must have been abroad at the time; but it's not too late to tell it yet. "' Well, its' about two years since old Townshend brought, in his enlistment bill, and the", whole country was scoured for all our vo ters, who were scattered here and there, never anticipating another call of the House, and supposing that the session was just over. Among others, up came our friend Harry, here, and, the night he ar rived,.:they made him a " Monk of the sdrewv," and very soon made him forgiet' is senatorial dignities.s SOn the evening after his reach ing town, the bill was brought in, and, at two in the morning, the division took place-a vote was of too much consequence, not to look after it closely-and a castle messen -ger Was in waiting in Exchequer street, -who, -when the debate was .closing, put Harry, with three others, ·into a coach, and brought them down :to the House. Unfortunately, how .ever, they mistook their friends, -voted against the bill; and, amid the loudest .cheering of the -opposition, the government party were defeated. l'he rage of the ministers knew no 'bounds, and looks of defiance -and eevei threats ,were exchanged be tween the ministers and the desert ers. Amid all 'this poor Harry fell fast asleep,, and.dreamed that he was !once more in Exchequer-street, pre Isiding among the monks, and mix ing .another tumbler. At length he awoke and looked about him-- the clerk was just at the instant reading, out, in his usual routine manner, a clause of the new bill, and the re mainder of the house wasin.dead silence. Ha rry looked again around onqevery side, wondering where was the hot water, 'and what had become of the whiskey bottle, and above all, why the.company were so extreme ly. dull and .ungenial. At length, with a half shake, he roused up a little; and giving a look of unequiv ocalcontempt on every side, called out 'upon my soul, you're pleasant companions-but I'll 'give you a chant to enliven you.' So saying, he cleared his throat with a couple of short coughs, and stri:ck up, with the voice of,: a Stentor,, the following verse of a popular ballad : " And they nibbled away, both night and day, Like mice in around'of'Glo'ster; Great rogues they were all, l}oth great and small From Flood to Leslie Foster.' .' : . SGreat togues all. C Ohorus boys.' ' ilf he was not joined -by the voices of hisft;ieifds° ii the soing, it wiras pro bably beciiuse such a roar of laugh ingr hever wias hecard since the walls were oodfed over. The 4vhole house rose.in a mass, and my friend Harry was hurried oveir the beicheies'by the Sergeant-at-arins,: arid left for three weeks in Newgate, to practice his melody." .. " All true," said ,Sir Harry, " and worseluck to them ifor not: liking music; but' comc now, willthis do ? -' it is our 'melancholy. duty 'to announce the death- of Godfrey O'Malley,Esq;, late member for tlfe county of Galway, which took plac;e on Friday evening, at Daly's club house. This esteemed gentleman's family-oneof the oldest i IreJaind, arid among whonm-it was hereditary not to have any children- "' Here a burst of laughter from :'Considine and O'Malley interrupted the reader, who with the greatest difficulty could be persuaded that he was again btilling it-" The devil'.ly iawiay with it'," said 'be, "I'll never succeed." "Never mina," said OiMalley; "the' first'part will do 'admirably; arid let i~s ,now turn o.u attention to othermatters." A fresh magnum was called for, and oiver .its ibspiring contenits all the' details of the funeral were. plan ned.; and, as the clock struck four, the party separated for the night, well' aisfiied vwitlithe ridsilt of their TO BE CONTINUVBD. 