CATHOLIC CHURCH, NORFOLK ISLAND. (Continued from our last.) MR. EDITOR — Thus are the more permanent features of this church described. Yet, before concluding, I would briefly notice some few of the paintings, as they enhance the effect, and cause a relief. They are of various sizes, and judiciously disposed, with due regard to the subjects as well as to the light, and they are uniformly framed accord- ing to the style of the building. Those of the larger size cannot be less than eight or nine feet by six or seven, and might serve as excellent altar pieces during the time of the principal festivals. One of them, for instance, the Babe of Bethlehem, near the ox and the ass, smiling on his virgin mother; the three kings, preceded by an angel and the star, the offerings, the musical instruments, to celebrate the birth of a son. Another very good painting is a Last Supper. I noticed, also, a Saint Patrick. This saint is habited in his episcopal dress, adorned in imitation of embroidery. The outer garment is a cope, beneath which is a linen alb, or surplice The episcopal gloves appear embroidered on the backs, and on his head is the mitre. Before this picture, and moved, no doubt, by the recollection of his country and his country's patron, whom in his early days he had been taught to regard, there stood some one unfortunate prisoner, enjoying the sight, no doubt, or invoking in his behalf the sympathies of the saint. However, besides this instance, it was gratifying to observe the numbers there are who devote the short time allowed them by the govern- ment from hard labour to contemplation on the em- blems of death, judgment, the punishments and rewards to come, and the scenes of Calvary, with which they are here so happily supplied. We were apt to flatter ourselves that crime could scarcely enter such a place, but with repentance. Men who affect to believe morality independent of religion may here witness the happy change she has wrought, in the altered conduct of so many who are yet expiating offences of a former reckless life by their protracted banishment. The generality of the paintings, which are three feet by three or four, have their originals in the national gallery. The first attracting our notice is the Poor invited to the table of Christ. Then the Prodigal, which appropriately exhibits in its "en- tourage" the swine watched by a dog, and sheaves of wheat indicative of the abundance of the paternal roof. Next follows Regnauld's Deluge; and, to repeat its description in the Historic Gallery, the people are on the point of being buried under the waters; one of them carries his aged father, and endeavours to reach the top of a mountain; a female employs her last efforts in raising her child from the surrounding element. The next is the Annunciation of Gentileschi, an Italian painter, who died in London in the sixteenth century. The subject is beautifully executed. The angel has one knee on the ground; with his hand he points to heaven, in order to attest his mission; in the other he holds a lily, symbolic of the purity of Mary. The virgin, standing with downcast eyes, listens with much reverence to the envoy of the Lord. Then follows Lebrun's Christ in the Desert. Our Saviour, tempted by the devil, has just put him to flight; the angels then approach him, and present him with nourishment. Further on is the Miraculous Draught of Fishes, by Rubens; the subject is taken from the fifth chapter of St. Luke. Another, by the same, is the Resurrection. Then the Christ taken from the Cross, by Vandyk; Titian's Jesus Christ at Em- maus; Carlo Dolci's Jesus on the Mount of Olives. The artist has done full justice to his model in the figure of our Saviour, and in that of the angel pre- senting to him the chalice and the cross. Then follows Jesus baptized by John in the Waters of the Jordan. Angels are represented assisting at this scene, and the Holy Ghost sends his rays from on high. The "entourage" is in the Byzantium style. The Last Judgment is a conspicuous painting, and one likely to strike with terror a reflecting spectator. The Judge appears seated on a throne, the trumpets sound to the four quarters of the globe, and the dead arise. Further on appear the angel Raphael and Tobit; and the Decollation of St. John, by Rubens. The scene of the latter is the interior of a prison by torchlight. The executioner has dis- severed the head, which he presents, bleeding, on a dish to the daughter of Herod. Further on we are reminded of Raphael's cartoons in the well-executed pictures of the Lame Man Healed and Christ's Charge to St. Peter. The Incredulity of St. Thomas, by Guerchino, is also a very good copy. It is said of this painter that he produced more than six hundred altar pieces, about one hundred and fifty great subjects and portraits of sovereigns, exclusive of his cupolas, ceilings, and frescoes. Guerchino appears here in the company of Albano and Le Sueur. The St. Francis at Prayer of Albano is a good picture for the congregation it is intended for; it is in itself an instruction on prayer. The saint, at half length, is seen at the entrance of a cave, with one hand on his breast, the other on a human skull; he contemplates the crucifix placed before him. The subject from the palette of Le Sueur is Christ at the door of the sepulchre after his resur- rection, appearing to Mary of Magdalen. It would be endless continuing the catalogue, and giving at the same time an adequate description. It would be trying too much the patience of the reader, particularly as these subjects are so well known. One word, however, on that of Saint Phi- lomene, whose life is as interesting and as poetical as any that could be produced. She is represented with the crown of virginity and the palm of mar- tyrdom, and all the emblems of the tortures she underwent, as they are sculptured on her monumental stone. Saint Philomene was the daughter of a Grecian prince, and at the early age of sixteen suf- fered a cruel martyrdom for having refused the hand of Dioclesian, who destined her for his queen; and the motive of her refusal was the vow she had made of remaining ever a virgin for the love of Christ. Cast into a dungeon in a part of the imperial palace, Diocleslan daily visited her, renewing his attacks, some of which, but for the grace of God, she ac- knowledges would have been fatal to purity. After various tortures she was sentenced to be pierced through with darts; the archers bend their bows, they gather all their strength, but the arrows refuse to second their intentions; for, after repeated deli- verances through the manifest interposition of the divine power, the tyrant having been also frustrated in his attempts at cruelly depriving her of life by casting her into the Tiber fastened to an anchor, she was at length dragged through the streets of Rome, and beheaded. Thus did her soul take its flight to heaven. How useful such paintings may be, particularly in churches, as books of instruction for the ignorant, and also in this instance as regards their tolerable execution, perhaps the following instance may show. The bell had rang the hour for the celebration of the divine mysteries, while a crowd were gathering in the church; some children were also walking around, satisfying a desire of admiring the pictures. Curious to listen to their remarks, we joined them. Their attention was engaged at the time by one Madonna della Seggiola, that most valuable produc- tion of Raphael, and so celebrated for the inimitable grace and suavity of the virgin. It is stated some- where by De La Martine that every mother delights in teaching her child early to lisp the name of the Blessed Virgin Mary, which is honey to their mouth. These, it appears, had been fed with it also, and they could immediately recognise the subject, as well as appreciate its attraction, for the "Hail! full of grace, the Lord is with thee — blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb," were the words which came readiest to ex- press their emotions of mind; and thus, while one of them repeated what he had learnt on his mother's knees, another used an exclamation equally con- clusive- — "Oh, our good mother in heaven, how mild she looks!" and, in truth, as they passed along did the Madonna appear to smile a blessing on them. The same children were the moment after attending serving the holy mass; their winged surplices, their crimson dresses, which trailed on the pavement; their piety and innocence, together with the flaming tapers cradled in the breeze of the sanctuary, pre- sented a happy emblem of the eternal adoration before the throne of God, and of our own soul, as well an invisible flame from this dark earth tending unceasingly to heaven. The voices of the prisoners, too, joined with the sacred instruments, and rising in accents of prayer and adoration, evidently found their responses, and created a marked devotional feeling in every heart; a penitential sorrow appeared awakened; sullen despair fled from its habitual seat on many a brow before us; hope was revived; the once hardened and reckless, if he yet refused a tear while listening to the sacred hymns, muttered at least a supplication — his supplication for mercy. The sound of the storm or the roar of the waves without appeared less majestic than the effect of the solemn chaunt under the roof of the prisoners' church; and, while the flowers around the altar were distilling their incense, the accent of their voices, together with the perfume and the offering of the sacrifice, ascended to heaven. ALUMNUS. 