UPS AND DOWNS; A TALE OF THE ROAD. "'Cast thy bread upon the waters ; for thou slialt find it after many days." We are no enemies to improvement; vet im provement sometimes effects changes which we cannot lielp regretting. In its march, it- occa sionally 'sweeps away old land-marks to which a Jong acquaintance had attached us. It now and then disturbs old associations, and removes obiects and customs on which some of our pleasantest recollections were wont to dwell. It is in a spirit of this kind that we contemplate the departing glories of stage-coach travelling, and all the joys of the road. The flashing, rat tling, dashing carriage-and-four— the- good-hu.- moured, civil, intelligent, and story -telling guard, full of anecdote and fun — the village inn (the stage), the changing of horses with all its excit ing and amusing accompaniments — the fresh start, and the general hi'arity which the sense of; rapid motion, seconded by a bright shiny day, never fails to inspire. All this is about passing; away. The little that has been left by the steam boat will soon be extinguished by the- dull, mono-, tonous railway. One of the first, if not the very- first, lines of road in Great Britain, whose prosperity was in vaded by the steam-boat, was that between Glas gow and Greenock. The steam-ships of the G-lyde quickly laid up the Glasgow coaches in tlve coach-yard, turned adrift their guar Is and drivers, arrested the life- and bustle that pervadad". its whole length, and reduced it to what it now is — merely the ghost of a road. "k; But it was onc-e otherwise'5 with'- the' Greenock road ; and well do- we recollect the long coaches, like so many Noah's arks mounted on wheels, that- used to ply in dozens on that now-despised and neglected highway, and the manv pleasant andfmerry excursions on which they joyously bore us. It was on one of these occasions that we picked up the following incident. On the occasion alluded to, wo were proceeding to Greenock by the— — we- forget the name of the coach, hut it was one whose pannels were adorned by a series of pictorial representations of coak-leaves, green oaks — referring to the com monly- believed but -false etymolo-gy of the name of the town above-mentioned. We were seated besicle the driver,5 a fine intelligent old fellow, who had been upon the road for upwards of twenty years. It was a delightful day, and we were roll in a cheerily along, when we came suddenly at a turn of the road, upon a boy of ten or twelve years of Itge, who was trudging the footpath towards Greenock. He seemed sorely fatigued, and so exhausted that he could ' hardljr prosecute his journey.' Compassionating the- poor boy's situa tion (for he was very indifferently clothed) we called the driver's attention to him, and hinted that he might do a worse thing than give the poor, lad a, seat on his coach. Our friend demurred, alleging that he might be found fault with ; and' adding something about the hoy's being, lie had' no doubt, some run- away apprentice from Glas gow, going to Greenock to .enter on board ship as a sailor, such occurrences being frequent in these days. " We will give you a reasonable fare for the boy," said we. " Tuat alters the case,' replied the driver, and without saying another word lie pulled up, and called on the boy to mount. The boy hesitated, and stared the surprise which lie felt ; he eoukl not believe the invitation was in earnest. ' Come up, ynu young r ogu e, y-o w, ' repeated the driver ; " here's a gentleman going to, pay your fare to Greenock, al though I dare say- you. don't deserve it for I'm Sure you've run away from the loom, or some other honest calling, aricl 1 left your mother with a heavy heart." The: boy now no longer hesitated, but catching the projecting iron footstep of the coach,' was -in; a twinkling seated on the top/ apparently to his very great satisfaction. - . Some of our London read ers may not be aware 'that 'Greenock , stands in somewhat the same relation to Glasgow that Gravesend does to London. " This affair, sir, of picking up the hoy," said the driver, after we had again started, " puts me in mind of a rather curious incident that liap- ! pened some years ago on this road." "Aye," said we, "what was it?" " I'il tell you what it was,"' said" our friend the driver; and lie immediately gave us the following ! story : — " About fifteen years ago," he began, "there was amongst my passengers one day, a lively, kind-hearted, buxom elderly lady, seemingly well to do in the world'; for she was clad in siiks, and sported a purse a yard long, and well filled. " Well, as we- were getting along, as we are just now, and not above a mile from this very spot, we- overtook a boy in precisely the same situation as this one here ; he was barefooted, too, and was sadly knocked up with walking; he could hardly crawl along, and his face was "all begrimed with weeping. The poor boy appeared . to be- in a sad case, to be sure. Well, the good soul, my lady passenger, seeing him, her honest motherly heart bled for the poor boy. She thrust her head out of the window, and called on me to stop. I did so. She then pulled out her purse, and putting some silver into my hand" (double the amount required), desired me to hand the hoy into the coach, she having previously obtained the leave of the other passengers to do so. I; immediately did as she desired'me— thrust the. boy into the coach, slapped close the- door, mounted my seat, and drove off. " I of course knew no mcirp-of: what passed at this time ; I laid down my- passengers, boyvand all, at the White ITart Inn, Greenock, and "there my knowledge of them ended. " Two or three davs after this, however, I hap pened. to have one of the gentlemen up with me again who w#s passenger when the lady brought the, boy into- the coach, and, he told me that- she. was extremely kind to him, as kind as a mother could have been. On their arriving at the White Hart, she took him- into the house, and gave him a plentiful supper, paid for his bed there, and breakfast next morning ; and, at parting, put a guinea into his hand. The hoy stated that he had been bred a weaver; frankly owned that he had run away, hut gave as a reason the harsh treatment of" a stepmother, and" an unconquerable aversion to the loom. He also added' that it- was his intention to go to sea, and' that he had a ma ternal uncle in Greenock,., a carpenter, who, he had" no doubt, would assist in getting him a ship, although he- did not well know where to find" this relative. "Well, you.seo, sir," continued the- narrator, " time, after this, wore away as it had done before, year after year, and here was I, still handling the whip, as I am doing now. Ten years, I think, or thereabouts, 'had passed away, and 1 had long- since forgotten alt about the boy and" his kincl patroness, when a smashing, fine-looking gen tlemanly young1 fellow, with the cut of a sailor about him, although wearing a long coat, and sporting rings on his fingers and a bunch of gold seals at his watch, mounted one day on the, coach box beside- ine. He had engaged and. paid for ari inside seat, hut took the out from choice. . , r i , "'Well, old fellow,' said he (for, like Vail class, he was frank and cheerful), ' Well, olS fel low, ' he said, sitting down beside me, /up with- your anchor, and get under weigh. Come, that's it,' as he saw me lay the whip to the horses, 'give her way there — send her through it, my hearty. It's a long while since I was on a coach before, though I've been in a gig often enough. Well, then,' savs I, ' sir, them 's- more dan gerous. than coaches.'" " ' Avast there,' says lie, ' what sort of' gigs do. you- mean V "'Why, two-wheeled ones, in course,' says I. " Alia, out there, old bov,' says he> slapping- me on the shoulder i ' the gigs I mean have no wheels at all. " ' Queer codgers they'll be,'" says I. " ' Not a bit,' says he, 'Aren't ye up, old fel low ? Don't ye know that a certain kind of sriiall boat belonging to a ship is called a gig V " ' Didn't know it, sir,' said I. ; ' Well, you know it now, old chap ; so bear it in mind, and I'll give you a glass of brandy and water at Bishopton.' i " Well you see, sir,", continued the narrator; "all this is not much to the purpose of my story, hut I just wished to give you some notion of the pleasant off-hand way of my passenger. " Having cleared Gartsdyke, we were getting along cheerily, when the captain— for T had by this time found out that my passenger was captain of a large West- India ship that had just/arrived at Greenock, and that he was now on his way to Glasgow to see his owners, who resided t'Ufer.0— :I say we were getting along, cheerily, and? were within three miles of Bishopton, when the captain spied a decent-looking, hut poorly dressed, old woman trudging albng the ft>otpath. "'I say, skipper,' " says lie- to me, '\vhat; do you think of our shipping that poor old girl, arid, giving her a lift" on h'pi\ voyage ? She seems hardly able to makeao-y- way to,win'ard.' " Not being very fond of picking up stragglers . in that sort of way, I at first objected. When I,, did" so, lie exclairned, with a sailor's oath, ' I shall ' have the - gifl on board. I'll never forget that I was in a similar situation once myself ; nor will/ I ever forget the kind old soul of a woman that lent me-such a hand as I am now about to lend to Iter. IH never pass any poor devil in these cir- . cmnstances again — man or woman, old or young, . withing offering them a berth in the craft in which' . Dm sailing, so long as there's room to stow them.' Saying this, and at the same time adding, that he would 'pay me all charges, he sprang off the coach, and had the old woman bv the hand in a twink ling; '-leading her towards the ebachy which I had now stopped. " ' God bless -yori, sir,' said the old..woman, as she tottered along with him. 'It will/' indeed,,,, be a great relief to me ; I am not so able to walk" as I once was, and far. from being so well able to pay for any other conveyance ; and I. .have a long road before me.' " ' Where are you going5 to, my good old wo- . man ?' said the captain. " ' To Glasgow, sir she replied. 'T live there, and hfttse- been down at; Greenock, seeing soriiri . friends there who, I hoped, migb$ have done something for me. But, they all had some excuse or apology for not assisting me, and have sent hie- away nearly as poor as I went ; and that, God knows, was poor enough.' Never mind, mother, pop in there in the mean time,' said the sailor, holding the door of: the- coach in one hand, .arid taking the arm of the old woman with the other to help her in : ' Pop.,, in, and we'll carry you comfortably through .- to Ghtsgowy 'and give you a bit arid a sup by the way, to keep youv oUh heart up.' : " Ilaving seen theKild'oinari seated/ the 'cap tain secured tlie door,; arid -Tsu'mingli-is-'sahry me, we drove on. >!->/-. / ' " On reaching Bishopton inn, where \vc change horses and rest-a .bi:ti,>> the-. captain, the moment, the coach stpppjed, - leapt down; opened the coach door, .and handing; jqutthe ;old woman,, led; her into the . tony '.id-;>a«d,-fqrha/;private room, for : himself and her. (They were shown .into ;one, ( ? \Vherf'!tiidaWtairi' ordered some refreshment to \\- Ifer .bVowght— sorii e cold fowl, arid some wirie.and-, j haffdV; . ' . ' | iv?";Lle noyv pheed; the old woman at the table, i and' hegri'tiiieljiing her to the various good tilings. ; that were' on it. While this . was going on, hp j sent for hi e. ' When I. e nt ere d— '.Come awav, | skipper /; kaid he,, spemingly much delighted vvi th j his eiriployment of. lielping ' old motiier,' as hp ! callediieri; "tb tneJ nicest iriprSjels' he could '.pick. ouri'Ubme.away,' (skippprV.'said he, ' and let. us " see-how you'eari splice the niain brace;' Saying which, he filled irie up half a turiibler of brandy and water. " 1 " In the mean time the old lady had finished, her repast, arid, under the influence of the com fortable feelings which ;tlie -.refreshment she had taken;haff excited little talka- tive. Well,'; said slie, after'agairi .thanking her eriterfainer, for his kindness, ' it is curious how tbirigg; Jdb'-: sometimes ; 'come .'-about for I cannot but idokf'aftj;' ' '(ad'ffres'sing the' oaptain,) ' on your, kindness th me' this ; day ris .a return from . trie h and of; Pro vi drince " for. a .siirii 1 ai act .of effari t y.,.. th at I orice bestb'wcd pri a needy person,'' aiiii tria t not very far from where we arc at this moment silting. It's now, I think, about- ten years since,' edfifinried: ifre otSYa'ly ,' 4 that, as I was going by coachi down to Greenock— I was then in easy cir cumstances, had plenty of the world, for my hus band was then living and carrying on a thriving business— I saw a poor boy limping along the foot-path, and seemingly exhausted with both hunger and fatigue. . 44 4 W ell, sir, pitying the poor young thing, I bad him taken into the coach, treated him as kindly as I could, and provided him with a night's quarters in the White Hart Inn, and put a trifle of money into his hand besides.' " 44T wish; sir, here interposed my informant, speaking in his own person, 44 you had but seen tlie captain's face, while his guest was relating this iricident. It grew pale, then flushed, while liis eyes sparkled with an expression of intense feeling ; lie was, in short, greatly excited. At length, jumping from his seat,. he rushed towards the old lady, and seizing both her hands in his, exclaimed in a rapture of joy, 44 4 God bless your old heart, mother ! — I, and rio other, am— or rather was— the boy whom you so 'generously relieved on that occasion. I recol- lect .it well ; and, now that my attention is called to it, I recognise in your countenance that of my benefactress. That countenance was long present to my memory, and the kind deed with which the reminiscense was associated, is still treasured up in my inmost heart. I never— never forgot it, and never will.' ' 44 I t was now the poor old woman's turn to be surprised at the strange incident which had oc curred ; and much surprised she was, I assure you. She clutched the young man's hand with her palsied fingers, and looked earnestly in his face for a second or two, as if struggling to iden tify it with that of the boy whom, ten years before, she'liad relieved in his distress. At length — ";< Yes, sir, you are the same,' she said. 4 1 recollect that boy's look well, and though you are mtich changed— being now a tall, stout, full-grown roan—I bail trace that look still in your sunburnt sir,' she added, you have repaid the kindness.' Have I, indeed ! No, that I haven't !' ex claimed the captain. 4 That's not the way I pay such debts. However, we'll talk more of the piatter when we get to Glasgow ; for the skipper here, I see, is impatient to get us off.' 44 ' And such was the case— my time was up ; so we all got, as the captain would have said, on hoard again, arid started. 44 1 may mention here," continued the narrator, that I, too, now perfectly recollected the incident of the boy's being picked up, and recognised, in my present passenger, the old woman, the person who had done that act of charity. The captain, however, I 'should not have known. Of his face I had no recollection whatever. 44 Well, sir, I have now only the sequel of the story to tell you, and shall make it short. 44 Captain Archer— for that was the name of ef britleman of whom I have been speaking — having ascertained that his . benefactress was in very distressed circumstances, hr husband hav ing died a bankrupt some years before, gave her a handsome sum in hand to relieve her immediate necessities, arid settled on her an annuity of j£30; per annum, which was duly paid till her death;, by The owners of the ship he commanded." . 1-;; 