ENGLISH EXTRACTS SIR ROBERT STOPFORD. MALTA, MAY 15. - A farewell entertainment upon a grand scale was given on the 11th et this month to Admiral the Hon. Sir Robert Stopford, by the officers of the Mediterranean fleet, at the Uniou Club House, Valetta. The Strada Reale was partially illuminated in the neighbourhood of the auberge, on either side the portals of which appeared a large anchor, wrought in amber, coloured lamps. The hall of the spacious building was lined with flags and emblematical paintings on canvas, and Turkey carpets covered the winding stairs ascending to the reception room-a marquee tastefully formed of flags ; here the music from an excellent band invited us into the noble ball room before us, the coup d'ail of which was highly effective. lt might have contained, at the time we entered, about six hundred guests, and the bright eyes, animated smiles, glossy ringlets, and gossamer robes of the fair forms that flitted around us, the gay uniforms of naval and military officers, onj the frequency of oriental costume, there being many Turks, both male and female, in the room belonging to the suite of the Prince of Lebanon, altogether atruck us, as sober travellers, with no little admiration. Sir Robert Stopford and Lady Stopford, occasionally joined by their son and daughters, formed a very interesting group in one corner of the ball room. The admiral, at half.past nine o'clock, had been received at the entrance of the auberge hythe stewards, anti we may say by the whole company assembled, on his arrivât in the rooms, with strong manifes- tations of attention^and respect; and he con- tinued looking on at the mazy dance until he was conducted to the seat of honour at the supper table. This was laid in a long and lofty hall, which was thrown open about twelve o'clock. At the lower end was a pyramidical transparency, in the centre of which appeared Greenwich Hos- pital, the government whereof the noble admiral returns to England to enjoy ; and around this painting were medallions bearing the names of the ships in which he bad served. On the outer line of the illumination was a picked crew of boys belonging to the fleet, dressed in blue jackets and white trousers, mounted oaf above the other, the boy upon the topmost step whim- sically " rigged" as a Greenwich pensioner, and gt the sound of his " pipe" the steps were man- ned and unmanned; On either side the trans 1 Bsrency were little matine drummers, the rattle ôf who?* drums joined in with the acclamations of the guests 2? they hailed the toast ot the night. Round the cortó? of the supper-room were shields, with the names of ships, the officers of which were the "founders of the feast" spread upon one long and well-covered board below, and consisting of everything that pould Çamper appetite in the form of a cold collation, he decorations of the table were highly embie, matictl of the cause of the entertainment ; and a fine frigate, launched from the confectioners hands, rode gallantly on a jellied sea in the midst. Champaigne was literally more easily to be procured than water, and many hundred corks must have Started from thc bottles' necks ere the supper table, crowded with constant relays of guests, saw, the last reveller deport. Sir Walkin O. Pell, in a neat and emphatic ad- dress, proposed the health of the commander-in chief, in whose honour the entertainment was given ; upon which, Sir R. Stopford rose, amid much cheering. With a voice strong as though age had taken little from the worthy Admiral's powers, he thanked the chairman and the com 6any assembled for the compliment paid to him. [e spoke of the length of his present stay on the station, and the satisfaction it had been to hint that during his command the most perfect understanding had existed between the fleet and the. good people Of Matta ; ' the sailor* had been much on shore, but their conduct had been orderly, and the authorities of the island had brought but few charges against them, lt might be expected of bini that he would refer to the successes of the British ams in Syria*; he would do so but slightly ; those successes, be need not say, had been the source of proud satisfaction to him. He had reason to thank ali the officers under his command, many of whom he now saw around him, for their steady and gallant conduct in the late operations. He had to thank bis second in command, too, Sir Charles Napier; but had Sir Charles Napier never been in the fleet, be felt assured that there was not a captain 1 commanding a ship forming part of that fleet but, placed in Com. Napier's situation, would as ably .nd as gallantly have carried out a commander in chieffs orders. Much bsd been said as to whom the credit of the successes in Syria be- longed ; he (Sir R. Stopford) thought that (tore would have been little difficulty in discovering who would have borne the blame bad the British arms met with reverses ; all that was done lead- ing to the late favourable results, had been done by his (Sir R. Stopford's) orders as commander | in chief ; and he again said, that had not Sir Charles Napier been present, others would have been found to perform the. part Sir Charles had performed ; where all had done their duty, cap- tains and lieutenants, and mates and midship- men, and seamen. The gallant admiral, after .gain thanking those around him for the honour they bad done him, sat down amidst thunders of applause. It indeed appeared to give great satisfaction to many in the room, that the com- mander in chief had, in some degree, replied to the vspourings of Sir Charles Napier, at Liver- pool, where he would not allow any one to have a right to share bia laurels ; but it is impossible to please everybody. sir Robert Stopford's speech wu followed , by many others. Captain Sir Samuel Ro- ! rr«* Propra frCftltU íí gk £b*rlC! i _ ? ' . Napier/' encouraged by but little applause on the mentioning of his name ; and then came tliat toast oh which all parties are agreed-"""' Thc Ladies."1 Again thc bands in bull-room struck np, and thc dancing was re- newed, which terminated not until the sun looked in upon the dancers and bade them good morrow. The regatta took place this week Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Thc men of-war were dressed with flags, many parties were given on board them, and the boats of the fleet performed their parts well ; nor were the amateurs backward in the race. The Tyne, of twenty-six guns, sails to-morrow for Athens. The Princes» Charlotte remains at Malta till further orders; it is supposed they will come by I the Polyphemu», which is daily- expected. The ! Powerful sails immediately for Syracuse to water. MAY 15, FOUR O'CLOCK.-I have just heard a report that there have been disturbances at Beyrout. The Benbow is ordered there; she goes to-night, and the Stromboli follows. The In- constant, now at Beyrout, it is said, has had to support the authorities ; but there is no getting at particulars.-From a Correspondent of U.S.G. RELIGIOUS . TRACT SOCIETY. -The annual meeting of this society was recently held in Exeter-hall. The chair was taken by John Labouchere, Esq. It was stated in the report, that this society has circulated during the past year, including the issues of the foreign societies, 24,000,000 of tracts, which is 461,538 weekly, in 86 different languages. The total issues of the society since its establishment, 42 years ago, has been 340,000,000. The receipts of the society, including the sale of publications, were nearly £00,000. The amount of its grants, in tracts, and libraries, was £7817 Us. 10d., and the amount of subscriptions, donations, &c;, £5662 15s. 2d.; leaving a deficiency of £2154 16s. Sd. : The report was adopted unanimously, when several powerful appeals were made for increased support on the part of the members and friends of the society ; after which a consi- derable sum was collected. -THE DEVON AND EXBTRR SOCIETY OF MER- CHANTS FOR PROTECTION AGAINST FRAUD.-We have much pleasure ia noticing that the mem- bers of this institution hsve presented to their late Secretary, J. B. Wilcocks, Esq, solicitor, who has lately removed from this City to Ply- mouth, a handsome Silver Salver, with the fol- lowing inscription richly engraved :-"Presented to James Blackmore Wilcocks, Esq., by the members ef the Devon and Exeter Association of Merchants for Protection against Fraud, on his leaving Exeter and relinquishing the office of Secretary to their entire satisfaction at the zeal, energy, and attention, with which he has con- ducted the said office, and of their appreciation of the usefulness of this institution, for the establishment of which they are indebted to him. May 2nd, 1841."-The elegant and richly en. graved plate was manufactured by Mr. Sobey, of this city.-Extttr Western Luminary. THE POLYTECHNIC "DISSOLVING VIEWS." A novelty of a very curious nature is at present the great object of pleased surprise at the Royal Polytechnic Institution. Messrs. Cary, the opticians, have succeeded in the discovery of a method of applying the hydro-oxygen light to the illumination of magnified pictures on the disc-used for the purposes of the gas microscope, the effect of which is altogether new and unexampled. In all there are eighteen separate subjects, and the peculiarity consists in a meta- morphosis taking place on the surface of the canvass unlike anything ever seen before. A picture is reflected on the disc, the representation of a landscape, for instance, in which the first view shows the houses and trees covered with snow; an almost imperceptible change takes place, and the same objects are seen under the influence of spring; these in their turn give way to the heat and light of summer, which finally " dissolve " into the mellowed hues of autumn. A sea engagement, in like manner, is faithfully pourtrayed. At first the vessels near each other before a shot is fired ; presently the rising smoke indicates the commencement of the work of destruction ; a third change exhibits the forlorn condition of the defeated vessels, with their masts and rigging cut to pieces, and the standard of England betokening victory ; and a fourth pre- sents us with Greenwich Hospital and its ship covered river front, in all the quietude of peace. The resources of this art are evidently exten- sive. A train of sequent events, or a succession of scenes, may be pictorially illustrated by its powers, in a way at once surprising and beauti- ful. Pictures fade from the light like departing visions, and others take their places with stealthy and ghost-like approach ; and although each shadowy change takes place in the presence of the spectator, the eye fails to discover its details, so illusory is the metamorphosis. Some very appropriate and well- played music accompanies the various changes. The spectators are enrap- tured with this delightful, and, let us add, scien- tific exhibition, for its attractions spring from philosophical principles; and the applause at- tending its demonstrations is more like that which is heard in a theatre than within the sober walls of a Polytechnic institution. CORN LAWS, Ac-We copy the following paragraph, as very applicable to the present state of parties in this country, from Mr. Buckingham's new work on America:->'It is impossible to read these accounts of the im- mense resources of the production of food which the United States of America contain, and whiph a journey across the State of New York alone is sufficient to verify, without lamenting the first imposition of any prohibitory laws against the freest intercourse between this country. and Great Britain, in the interchange of their res- pective productions. The first, effect of our refusing to receive American grain free of all duty, hos beeu to' induce the Americans to pro- hibit our manufactures by a high tariff, and to set up manufactories for themselves; and the next effect has been to keep up the price of food at so high & rite in England, as to put it out of the power of millions cf our population to obtain sufficient for their full and proper nutriment. We thus do each other mutual in- jury, without the slightest countervsiling good. If we would permit a free trade in grain, the Americans woutd take from us more than double the amount of manufactures that they now con- sume, paying us in wheat snd flour, and would never think of becoming our rivals ns manufac- turer*. But because we will not take their pro- ducts in payment, therefore they not only will not buy of us, but they set up as our rivals or opponents ; and, from their abundant food, they will in a short time produce goods at rates suf- ficiently cheap to meet us in foreign markets, while »vary yesr wt" increase our difficulties and lessen theirs, till they pus us in the rape, and leave us unable to overtake them. The ' most melancholy feature in this question, how. ever, is this-that by our free admission of cot- ton and other southern products of America, we really uphold the system of slavery, under which these articles are produced; while by refusing the same free admission to the grain of tho north, we force them to become manufacturers, j and thus in a double sense take the' bread out of I the mouths of our own citizens; lt is, indeed, ! high time that this evil were corrected. There is, perhaps, yet time to amend it now, but if left for a few years longer, it will be too Ute ; and those influential and powerful classes in Eng- land, who now vainly imagine that they are pro- tecting their own incomes from land by this fatal policy, will be among the first to lament th»t they did not take warning before the labour- ing chusas of the country were reduced to a stste of want, of which the wealthiest among the land holders will then feel the burden." PavssiAN MILITARY MUSIC-The King of Prussia has directed a collection of the airs and marches used in his army to be printed. _ It contains fifty-nine slow marches, amongst which are compositions by Frederick the Great, Frede- rick William III., and the present Crown Prince of Hanover; and one hundred and eighteen quick marches, the composition of the Princess of Prussia» Spontini, Mozart, Beethoven, and other distinguished writers. Besides these are twenty- nine marches especially composed for the use of the cavalry, among which is one written by the Princess Albrecht, whose consort is a general in that branch of the Prussian ser- vice. Rear Admiral Thomas, of Stonehouse, hu received the appointment of Commander- in Chief in the Pacific ; Captain Tucker will shortly commission the Dublin, 50, at, PorHmouih for 