SCENE -IN All the ' IN a DOWMNU-Sl'llEET NIGHT. Lords Melbourne and J, Russell asleep. (Ghost of Huskisson rises.) ToLordi. Russell Let me sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow Poor Huskisson first victim to bee trade, Yet not like thee, by treacherously intent On measures (Vaught with were Britain's pride, The mercliiat?by whose toil enduring skill War, famine, run fled from off her shore ; Think upon Huskisson, despair and fly! (Ghost of Wilberforce rises) To Lord J, Russell. Let me sit heavy on thy could to-morrow ! Thou that wouldst thou have buttered negro blood, fib vilest price! too sweeten slavish tongues, And dead the sweets of office to forego j 'Trni'or lo liberty awake, awake ! Think upon Wilberforce despair and fly I (Ghost of a Pauper Mother rises ) To Lord '. Ht'sstLL. Let me sit' heavy on thy soul to-morrow! that in a workhouse fell condemned to pine, Of husband, children, home, of all bereft, A pauper, at all hospitable Board Ol'(Jriaidiaits pitiless was starved to death ! To-night in the division think on me, And ere to-morrow's dawn despair and fly (Ghost of Lady Flora Hastings rises.) To Lord MEi.uounNE. Cruel and guilty, Guiltily awake! And in revise and amend thy day?. Think upon me ! the sport of lustful tongues! Think- how 1 perished in the prime of youth, Liv lies malicious dominate tauntingly (less li in ink upon Ila tings, and despair and fly ! (Ghost of Sir R. FeiigusonWmi.) To Lord 1. is Russell. Let me sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow ! that have fought and bled for Britain's fame Now mourn the spots which made its fair renown My name-, which living covered thy fond stains, cannot avail thee now in triennial : '1 think upon Nottingham, despair and fly ! (Ghost of William Arises,) To Lord J. RussE"LL. The first was I that helped thee to the seat, The last was I that felt by treachery; In the division think on the King betrayed, And fly in terror of thy guiltiness ! Dream on - detain me, in terror and disgrace ; Beaten, despair despairing, quit thy place I To England. ¦ 1 lied for hope, ere I could lend thee aid, But cheer thy heart. and be thou not dismayed ; God and good angel from li I on England's side, Ald Russell bills in height of all his pride 