BARNA31' RUDGE. -a CIIATER iir. "A strange story I" said the man who had been the cause of the narration-" stranger still, if it comes about as you predict Is that all I" A question so unexpected nettled Solomon Daisy not a little. By dint of relating the story very often, and ornamenting it (according to village report) with a few flourishes, suggested by the various hearers from time to time, he had come by degrees to tell it with great effect; and "is that allt" after the climax,, is not what he was accustomed to. " Is that all P'.he repeated, " yes, that's all, sir. "And enough, too, 1 think." " I think so, too. My horse, young man : he is but a hack hired from a roadside posting house, but he mnistscarry me to London tonight." " Tonight.i" said Joe. "Tonight," returned the other. "What do you stare at I This tavern would seem to be a house of call for the gaping idlers of the neighbourhood " At this remark, which evidently had reference to the scrutiny he had undergone, as mentioned in the foregoing chapter, the eyes of John Willot and his friends were diverted with marvellous rapidity to the copper boiler again. Not so with Joe, who, being a mettlesome fellow, returned the stranger's angry glance with a steady look, and rejoined : " It's not a very bold thing to wonder at your going on tonight; surely you have been asked such a harmless question in an inn before, and in better weather than this. I thought you mightn't know the way, as you seem strange to this part." The way-" repeated the other, irritably. IYes. Do you know itl" "rll-husph !-1'll find it," replied the man, waving his hand and turning on his heel. " Land lord, take the reckoning here." John Willet did as he was desired; for on that point he was seldom slow, except in the particulars of giving change, and testing the goodness of any piece of coin that was proffered to him, by the appli cation of his teeth or his tongue, or some other test, or in dloubtful cases, by a long series of tests termi. -asting in iis'rejection. The guest then wrapped his garment about him so as to shelter himself as effec. tually as he could from the rough weather, and with out any word or sign of farewell betook himself to the stable yard. Here Joe (who had left the room on the conclusion of their short dialogue) was pro. tecting himself and the horse from the rain under The shelter of an old penthouse roof. " He's pretty much of my opinion," said Joe, -patting the horse upon the neck ; " I'll wager that your stopping here tonight would please him better than it would please me." ' He and 1 are of different opinions, as we have 'heen morethan once on our way here," was the short reply.. r So I was thinking before you came out, for he .has felt your spurs, poor beast." The stranger adjusted his coat collar about his face ad made no answer. "You'll know me again, I see," he said, marking the young fellow's earnest gaze, when he had sprung into the saddle. "The man's worth knowing, master, who travels a road he don't know, mounted on a jaded horse, and leaves good quarters to do it on such a night as !t'5i1." "' You have sharp eyes and a sharp tongue, I find." " Both I litipe by nature, but the last grows rusty sotietimes for the want of using." " Use the first less too. and keep their sharpness for your sweethearts, boy," said the man. So saying he' shook his hand from the bridle, -struck him roughly on the head with the butt end of his whip, and galloped away; dashing through the .mud and darkness with a headlong speed which few badly mounted horsemen would have cased to ven. ture, even had they been thoroughly acquainted with the country; and which, to one who knew nothing of the way he rode, was attended at every step with great hazard and danger. The roads even within twelve miles of London *were at that time ill paved, seldom repaired, and very badly made. The way this rider traversed had been ploughed up by the *'heels of heavy waggons, and rendered rotten by the frosts and thaws of the preceding win er, or possibly of many winters. Great holes and gaps had worn into the soil, which, being now filled with water from the late rains, were not easily distinguishable even by day, and a plunge into one of them might have brought iown a surer-footed -horse than the poor beast now urged forward to the 'utmost extent of his powers. Sharp flints and stones rolled from under his hoofs continually ; the rider could scarcely see beyond the animal's head, or 'further on either side than his own arm would have extended. At that time, too, all the roads in the neighbourhood of the metropolis were infested by footpads or highwaymen, and it was a night, of all others, in which any evil disposed person of this class might have pursued his unlawful calling with little 'fear of detectton'. Still the traveller dashed forward at the same reckless pace, regardless alike of the dirt and wet which flew about his head, the profound darkness of the night; and the probability of encountering some 'desperate characters abroad. At every turn and angle, even where a deviation from the direct course might have been least expected, and could not pos sibly be seen until he was close upon it, he guided the bridle with ian unerring hand, and kept the mid dle 'of the road. Thus he sped onward, raising himself in the stirrups, leaning his body forward until it almost touched the 'borse's neck, and fiou. tishing his heavy whip above his head with the fervour of a madman. There are times when, the elements being in unusual commotion, these who are bent on daring 'enterprises, or agitatedhby great thoughts whether of good or evil, feel a mysterious sympathy with the tumult of niature, and are roused into corresponding 'violence. In the midst of thunder, lighining, and storm, marty treinendoai 'deeds hiave been committed; men, self-possessed before, have given a sudden loose to passions: they' could no longer control. The demons of wrath and despair have striven to emulate ihose who ride the whilwlnd arid direct the storm; and man, lashed into madness with the roasing winds and boiling waters, has become for the time as wild and raerciless as the elements thtemselees. Wheslhec the traveller was possessed by thoughts 'which 'the fury'of the eight had heated and stimu Eared into a quicker current, or wvas merely impelled by soestrong motive to' rescht tile journey's end, on hemwept nore like a husted phantom tan a man, nor checked his pace until, arilviug at some cross roadis, one of which led by a. longer route to the place. whence he had lately started, he bore down so suddhnly uponi o vehicle which was combitg towards himr,that in the effort to avoid it lie well nigh pulled his horse upows hisl haunches, and narrowvly escaped being thrown "Va oho I 'cried the voice of a main. ' What's that ¶ who goes there I" "A friend!I" replied the traveller, " A filend I" re ested ' rie voice, " Who calls himiself a friend anrides like that, abuning Heaven's gifts irn the shape of liorsefleshi, and endangering, Diot only his uwn neck, which might ho no great matter, hut the necks of other people ?" SYou have a lantern there; I see," said the trt yeller,' diamountliig. " LAnd it me tar a moment. Yists lave wounded toy hiorse, I thiink, with your shaft or wheel "" v ' Wounded him1". gried the other'; " if [ haven's killed him it's. no fsult of yours. What do you mbiazi by gallepleg 'sarig the king's highway, like tatGies me' the light, returned the traveller, spnatchtiing it fomn his hand, " and, dorn't ask idle questnonat of a miii'r jvho is in no mood Inc talking." " If you hadsavid~youwere in no mood for talking before, I shouild 'jiet hals' have been in no mood for lighting," said the voice., ", Hous'ever, as it's rthe poor horse that's damaged, and not you, one of yo~u as welcome to the light at all events-biut it's uot the crusty one." The traveller returned no answer sto this speech, but, holding the light neiar to his panting and reekiug beast, examined himrn t liub and carcyse. Meats' while rthe oilier man' sat very composedly in his vehi. clo, which was' a kind of chasio wirti a depository for o large bag of tools, and Watched his penceedings with a careful eye. The looker-os was a round, re'd-faced,'shturdy ya man, with a double ethin, sod a voice husk withgo living, good sleeping, goosd huthdu'r, ahd goud ielh lie was past thu pr~ime of hlfo,but Fatiter Fime Is not always a turd parent; and, though he tsrrieu for none of Iss children', often Inys 'his' hmand light~lyigion' titoseowho hidve tsssd!hili.'well,'ittkikngthemi 'old' men and wotiten inexorably ennish,' bift leavbigl their hearzs~and iepirlts'yentig and flnhol'vlgott. 'WIth suc, people the greheadh lobit 'thi impression of than old fello*r's' thnd in. givIng' themn his' blessing. tsnd evehy wrlnkle bitt v,'sdtoh 'In the quiet chiersdar of a well spent life. :.Thejmrson wh6mn the' ttivelldr 'had' so abhruptly enno'wntered' was 'of this' kind, bluff, hale, linaty, and in a green old age : at peace with himself, ani evidently disapsed to be so with all the world Although muffled up in aivers coats and handker. chiefs, one of which, passed over his crown, and tied in a convenient crease of his double chin, so. cured his three cornered hat and bob wig from blow tng off his head, there was no disguising his plump and comfortable figure; neither did certain dirty finger marks upon his face give it any other than an odd and comical expression, through which its na. tural good humour shone with undiminished lustre. " He is not hurt," said the traveller at length, raising his head and the lantern together. " You have found that out at last, have you?" rejoined the old man. "' My eyes have seen more light than yours, but I wouldn't change with you." "What do you mean?" " Mean I I could have told you he wasn't hurt five minutes ago. Give me the light, friend; ride forward at a gentler pace, and good night." In handing up the lantern the man necessarily cast its rays full on the speaker's face. Their eyes met at the instant. He suddenly dropped it and crushed It with'his foot. "Saw you never a locksmith before, that you start as -if you had come upon a ghost ?" cried the old man in the chaise; " or is this," lie added hastily, thrusting his hand into the tool basket, and drawing outoa hammer, " a scheme for robbing me l I know these roads, friend. When I travel them I carry nothing but a few shitlings, and not a crown's worth of thenm. I tell you plainly, to save us both trouble, that there's nothing to be got from me but a pretty stout arm considering my years, and this tool, which mayhap from long acquaintance with I can use pretty briskly. You shall not have it all your own way, I promise you, if you play at that game." With these words he stood upon the defensive. " I am not what you take me for, Gabriel Var den," replied the other. "Then what and who are yout" returned the locksmith. " You know my name it seems. Let me know yours." " I have not gained the information from any confidence of yours, but from the inscription on your cart, which tells it to all the town," replied the traveller. " You had better eyes for that than you had for your horse then," said Varden, descending nimbly from his chaise. " Who are you '1 Let me see your face." While the locksmith alighted, the traveller had regained his saddle, from which lie now confronted the old man, who, moving as the horse moved in chafing under thetightened rein, keptclosebeside him. " Let me see your face, I say." "Stand off I" " No masquerading tricks," said the locksmith, " and tales at the club tomorrow how Gabriel Varden was frightened by a surly voice and a dark night. Stand-let me see your face." Finding that further resistance would only involve him in a personal struggle with an antagonist.by no means to be despised, the traveller threw back his coat, and stooping down, looked steadily at the locksmith. Perhaps two men more powerfully contrasted never opposed each other face to face. The ruddy features of the locksmith so set off and heightened the excessive paleness of the man on horseback, that he looked like a bloodless ghost, while the moisture, which hard riding had brought out upan his skin, hung there in dark and heavy drops, like dews of agony and death. The countenance of the o!d locksmith was lighted up with the smile of one expecting to detect in this unpromisitg stranger some latent roguery of eye or lip, which should reveal a familiar person in that arch disguise, and spoil his jest. The face of the other, sullen and fierce, but shrinking too, was that of a man who stood at bay ; while his firmly closed jaws, his puckered mouth, and, more than all, a certain stealthy motion of the hand within his breast, seemed to an nounce a desperate purpose very foreign to acting, or child's play. Thus they regarded each other for some time, in silence. " Fumph I" he said, when lie had scanned his features; " I don't know you." " Don't desire to I " returned the other, muffling himself as before. " I doe'r," said Gabriel. "To be plain with you, friend, you don't carry in your countenance a letter of aecommendation." "It's not my wish," said the traveller. "My t humour is to be avoided." " Well." said the locksmith bluntly, " I think I you'll have your humour." " I will, at any cost," rejoined the traveller. " In proof of it, lay this to heart-that you were never in such peril of your life as you have been within these few moments; when you are within five minutes of breathing your last. you will not be nearer death than you have been tonight!" " Aye 1" said the sturdy locksmith. "Aye I and a violent death." " From whose hand 1" From mine," replied the traveller. With that he put spurs to his horse, and rode I away; at first plashing heavily through the mite at a smart trot, but gradually increasing in speed until I the last sound of hia horse's hoofs died away upon the wind; when be was again hurrying on at the same furious gallop which had been his pace when the locksmith first encountered him. Gabriel Varden remained standing in the road with the broken lantern in his hand, listening in stupified silence until no sound reached his ear but the moaning of the wind, and the fast falling rain; when he struck himself one or two smart blows in the breast by way of rousing himself, and broke into an exclamation of surprise. " What in the name of wonder can this fellow be I a madman 1 a highwayman ? a cut throat 1 If lie had not scoured off so fast, we'd have seen who was in most danger, he or I. 1 never nearer death than I have been tonight I I hope I may be no nearer to it for a score of years to come-if so, I'll be content to be no further from it. My stars! a pretty brag this to a stout man- pooh, pooh I" Qabriel resumed his seat, and looked wistfully up the road by whtich the traveller had come, murmur. ing lnao half whisper: SThe Mayrpole, two miles to sthe Maypole. I came the oilie oad from ithe Warren, after a long day's work at lacks and belts, on purpono that I should not canto by the Maypole and break my pro. mine to Martha by looking in-there's resotutaion I Is would be dangerous to go on to London without a isghts and it's four miles, and a good half mile besides, to the halfway house; and between this and that is the very place where one needs a light atost. TIwo miles so she Maypole I I told Martlta I wouldn't; I said I wouldn't, and 1 didn't-thters's reasloltion I" Repeating thene two last words very often, as if to cotnptnaate for the little resolution heo was going to show by piquing himsseif on she g rest resolution be had shown, Gabriel Varden quietly turned back, determining to get a i~ght at the Maypole, and to take nothing but a light. When he gas so the Maypole, however, and Joe, responding to his wellknowts hail, came running oat to the horse's bead, leaving the door open behind hitm, and disclosing a delicious pesective of warmth and brightness; when she rudd loam of the fire,. atreansing through the old ted carsis of the common stinm, seemed to bring with it, as part of itself, a pleasant hum of voices, and a fragrant odour of steaming grog and rare tobacco, all steeped as it wvere in tho cheerful glow; when ithe shsadowes, flitting across the curisan, aitowed that those inside had risen fromi their snug seats, and were making room in the snuggest cotner (how wvell las knew Ihat cotner!) for the honest locksmith, and ao broad glare, suddenly streaming up, bespoke the goodness at she criacklin log from whsich a brilliant train of sparks was ,loutlesq at that momaent sehirling up the chum. ney so honour of his couling; nvhen, astperadded soj these etiticemtents, titers stole upon huts from ithe distant kilehen a gentle sound of frying, with a musical clatter of plates and dishes, snd a savoury sianeil that made even sthe boisterous wind perfumke, Gabriel felt hsis firminesi oozing rapidly sway. Hei trievd to lout stoicaily at she tavern, but his features woutld relaxc into a look of fondness, He turned his isead the other wa , and the cold bisek :ourntry leemed to frown him off, and to drive him for a refuge into its hospitable arms, 'rThe merciful man, Joev," said thae locksmith, ' is merciful to his beast. I'll gel out for a little whiile." And how natural it was to get oat, And bow unnatural it aeemad for s sober man to be plodding jvearlily along tharoughs miiy. roads, encountering the rode buffets uf the witid asnd pelting of thto rsln, 4vhtn there was a clean floor covered whith crisp white sand, a wall swelts hearth, a blazing fire,a fable decorated with while ollsh, brigh pewier fisgons, and otiher tempting pruparatinan for a well cooked meal2..-.wlen there were ilseso tisinga, and comisthbyidlajoisetl to maike the'most of them, already tohlfa liaqtdaade iatretthig hlim to eitjoymoent1 