R1ianter tuunpbrrl,'0 Wlork. -o PERSONAL ADVENTURES OF MASTER H UMPHREY. THM OLD CURIOSITY s5IOP.-CiiAPTIER XVC. The sun was setting when they reached the wicket ga'e at which the path began, and, as the rain falls upon the just and the unjust alike, it shed its warm tint even upon the resting places of the dead, and bade them be of good hope for its rising on the mor row. The church was old and gray, with ivy clinging to the walls and round the porch. Shun -Ding the tombs, it crept about the mounds, beneath which slept poor humble men, twining for them the first wreaths they had ever won, but wreaths less liable to wither, and far more lasting in their kind, than some which were graven deep in stone and marble, and told in pompous terms of virtues meekly hidden for many a year, and only revealed at last to executors and mourning legatees. The clergyman's horse, stumbling with a dull blunt sound among the graves, was cropping the grass; at once, deriving orthodox consolation from the dead parishioners, and enforcing last Sunday's text that this was what all flesh came to; a lean ass who had sought to expound it also, without being qualified and ordained, was pricking his ears in an empty pound hard by, and looking with hungry eyes upon his priestly neighbour. The old man and child quitted the gravel path, and strayed among the tombs; for there the ground was soft, and easy to their tired feet. As they passed behind the church, they heard voices near at hand, and presently came on those who had spoken. They were two men who were seated in easy atti. tudes upon the grass, and so busily engaged as to be at first unconscious ofintruders. It was not difficult to divine that they were of a class of itinerant show. men-exhibitors of the freaks of Punch-for, perched cross-legged upon a tombstone behind them was the figure of that hero himself, his nose and chin as hooked and his face as beaming as usual. Perhaps his impertutbablecharacter was never morestrikingly developed, for he preserved his usual equable smile notwithstanding that his body was dangling in a most uncomfortable position, all loose and limp and shapeless, while his long peaked cap, unequally balanced against his exceedingly slight legs, threat. tned every Instantto bring him toppling down. In part scattered upon the ground at the feet of the two men, and in part jumbled together in a long flat box, were the other persona of the drama. The I hero's wife and one -child, the hobby.horse, the doctor, the foreign gentleman who not being familiar with the language is unable in the'representation to i express his ideas otherwise than by the utterance of the word "Shallabalah" three distinct times, the -radical neighbour who will by no means admit that a tin bell is an organ, the executioner, and the devil, were all here. Their owners had evidently come to that spot to make some needful repairs in the stage arrangements, for one of them was engaged in bind. ing together a small gallows with thread, while the other was intent upon fixing a new black wig, with the aid of a small hammer and some tacks, upon the head of the radical neighbour, who had been beaten bald. They raised their-eyes when the old man and his i -young companion were close upon them, and pausing in their work, returned their looks of-curiosity. One I of them, the actual exhibitor no doubt, was a little t -merry faced man with a twinkling eye and a red c nose, who seemed to have unconsciously imbibed I something of his hero's character. The other, that was he who took the money, had rather a-careful and cautious look, which was perhaps inseparable I from his occupation also. The merry man was the first to greet the strangers with a nod; and, following the old man's eyes, he observed that perhaps that was the first titne-he had I he had ever seen a Punch off the stage. (Punch it -a may be remarked, seemed to be pointing with the s tip of his cap to a most flourishing epitaph, and to t be chuckling over it with all-his heart.) f " Why do you pome here to do this?a" said the i -old man, sitting down beside them, and looking at the figures with extreme delight. i " Why you see;" rejoined the littleasan, " we're p putting up for to night at the public Jhouse yonder, a and it wouldn't do to let 'em see the.present com- I: pany undergoing repair." a " No I" cried the old man, making signs to Nell r to listen, "why-not,-eh? why not 1" s " Because it would destroy all the delusion, and take away all the interest, wouldn't it?" replied the c -little man. " Would you care a ha'penny for the h Lord Chancellor if you know'd him in private and I without his wig I certainly not." ii "Good!" said the old man, venturing-to touch a one of the puppets, and drawing away his hand t with a shrill laugh. " Are you going to show 'em d to night ? are you ?" h " That is the intention, governor;" replied the other, " and unless I'm much mistaken Tommy-Cod. han is a calculating at this minute what we've lest -through your coming upon us, Cheer up Tommy, f it can't be much," The little man accompanied -these Ilatter -words -t with a wink, expressiveoof the estimate he had formed -a of the travellers' finances. To this Mr. Codltis, who had a surly, grumbling -manner, replied, as he twitched Punch off the tomb. L stone and flung him into the box, 5 " I don't care if we haven't -lost a farden, but you're too free. If you stood in front of the curtain and see the public's faces usI do, you'd know human catur' better." " Ah it's been the spoiling of .you. Tommy9 your taking so 'that branch," rejoined his companion. "Whsen you played the ghost in the reg'lar drama in the fairs, -you believed in every thing-except ghosts. n lint now -you're e universal mistruster. I never see a a man so changed."'C " Never mind," said Mr. Codlin with the air of a v -discontented philosopher. " I know better now, and p'raps I'm sorry for it." P Turning over the figures in the box like one who a :knew and despised them, Mr. Codlin drew one forth and held in up for the inspection of his friend " Look here; here's all this Judl's clothes falling a so pieces again. You haven't got a needlo and " thread I suppose 1" Tltelittle-man-ahoek-his head, and scratched it g -ruefully as he contemplated this severe indisposition -ti of a psincipal performer. Seeing that they were at a loss, the child said timIdly-: - "'I have a needle, sir, in my basket, and thread l9 -tao. Will you let me try -to -mend It for you'h I so think I can do it neater than you could." - Even Mr. Codlin had -nothing-to -urge against a proposal so seasonable. Nelly, -kneeling down be. side the boxy-was soon busily engaged in -her task, j saud accomplished it to a miranle. Whileshe was thus -engaged, the-merry little-man -looked at her with an interest which did not appear a so be diminished when 'he -glanced at her helpless ~t -companion. When she had -finished her work lie -thanked her, and enquired whither they were-tra. "s velling.* o " N-no further to night, I think," said the child, si looking towards her grandfather. -c If you're wanting a place to stop at," the man remarked, "I should advise you to take up at the, same house with us. That's it-the long, low, white house there. It's very cheap." The old man, notwithstanding his fatigue, would have remained In the churchyard all night if his new t acquaintance had staid there too. As he yielded to s this suggestion a ready and rapturous assent, they o all rose and walked away together; he keeping close I to the box of puppetain which he was quite absorbed, \- the merry little man carrying it slung over his arm by a strap attached to it for the purpose, Nelly \- having hold of his grandfather's hand, and Alr. Cod. a lin sauntering slowly behind, casting up at the a church tower knd neighbouring trees such looks as he a was accustomed in town practice to direct to draw. , ing room and nursery windows, when seeking for a I profitable spot on which to plant the show. The public house was kept by a fat old landlord t and landlady who made no objection to receiving their new guests, but praised Nelly's beauty and were I at once prepossessed in her behalf. There was no other company in the kitchen but the two showmen, t and the child felt very thankful that they had fallen s upon such good quarters. The landlady was very s much astonished to learn that they had come all the way from London, and appeared to have no little curiosity touching their farther destination. The child parried her enquiries as well as she could, and with no great trouble, for finding that they appeared to give her pain the old lady desisted. " These two gentlemen have ordered sapper in an hour's time," she said, taking her into the bar; "and your best plan will be to sup with them. Meantime you shall have a little taste of something that'll do you good, for I'm sure you must want it after all you've gone through to day. Now, don't look after the old gentleman, because when you've drank that he shall have some too." As nothing could induce the child to leave him alone, however, or to touch anything in which he was not the first and greatest sharer, the old lady was obliged to help him first. When they had been thus refreshed the whole house hurried away into an empty stable, wheoe the show stood, and where, by the light of a few flaring candles stuck round a hoop which hung by a line from the ceiling, it was to be forthwith exhibited. And now Mr. Thomas Codlin, the misanthrope, after blowing away at the Pan's pipes until le was intensely wretched, took his station on one side of the checked drapery which concealed the mover of the figures, and, putting his hands in his pockets, prepared to reply to all questions and remarks of Punch, and to make a dismal feint of being his most intimate private friend, of believing in him to.the fullest and most unlimited extent, of knowing that lie enjoyed day and night a merry and glorious ex istence in that temple, and that he was at all times and under every circumstance the same intelligent and joyful person that the spectators then beheld him. All this Mr. Codlin did with the air of a man who had made up his mind for the worst and was quite resigned; his eye slowly wandering about during the briskest repartee to observe the effect upon the audience, and particularly the impression upon the landlord and landlady, which might be produc tive of very important results in connexion with the supper. -Upon this head, however, he had no cause for any 1 anxiety, for the whole performance was applauded to the echo, and voluntary contributions were show. ered in with a liberality which testified yet more t strongly to the general delight. Among the laughter I none was more loud and frequent than the old man's. i Nell's was unheard, for she, poor child, with her head drooping on his shoulder, had fallen asleep, and slept too soundly to be roused by any of his I efforts to awaken her to a participation in his glee. I The supper was very good, but she was too tired to eat, and yet would not leave the old man until t she had kissed him in his bed. He, happily insen. sible to every care and anxiety, sat listening with a vacant smile and admiring face to all that his new friends said; and it was not until they retired yawn. "ing to their room that he followed the child up stairs. It was but a loft partitioned into two compart. t ments where they were to rest, but they were well t pleased with their lodging, and had hoped for none so good. The old man was uneasy when be had lain down, and begged that Nell would come and r sit at his ,bedside, as she had done for so many nights. She hastened to him, and sat there till he slept. There was a little window, hardly more than a I chink in the wall, in her room, and when she left I him she opened it, quite wondering at the silence. I The sight of the old church, and the graves about it, in the moonlight, and the dark trees whispering among themselves, made her more thoughtful than 1 before. She closed the window again, and, sitting down upon the bed, thought of the life that was I before them. Shte had alittle money, but it was very little, and when that was done they must begin to beg. There was one piece of gold among it, and an emergency might come when its worth to them would bet increased a hundred fold. .It would b.. best to hidet this coin, end never produce it unless their case wasI ebsolutelyidesperate, aiddno other resource was left them, Her resolution taken, she sowed the piece of gold into her dress, and going to bed with a lighter heart. sunk into a deep slumber. (To tie conttuned.) 