? MASTER HUMPHREY'S CLOCK. PERSONAL ADVENTURES OF MASTER HUMPHREY. THE OLD COaiOSITY SHOP—CHAP- XV. Tbey were now in tke open country; the houses were very few and scattered at long intervals, often mile? apart. Occasionally they came upon a cluster of poor cottages, some with a chair or low board put across the open door to keep the scrambling children from the road, and others shut up close while all the family were working in the fields. These were often the commencement* of a little village; and after an interval came a wheelwright's shed, or perhaps a blacksmith's forge ^ then a thriving farm, with sleepy cows lying about the yard, and horses peering over the low wall, and scampering away , when harnessed horses passed upon the road, as though in triumph at their freedom. There were dull f>igs, too, tarnuig up the ground in searefcof dainty "food, and" grunting their monotonous grumblings as they prowled about, or crossed each other Ih their quest ; plump pigeons skimming round the roof, or strutting on the eaves; and ducks and geese, far more graceful in their own conceit, waddling awkwardly about the edges of the pond, or sailing glibly on its surface. The farm-yard passed, then came the little inn, the humble beershop, and the village tradesmen's; then the lawyer's aad the parson's, at whose dread names the beershoptrembled; the church peeped out modestly from % clamp of trees ; then there were a few more cottages; then the cage, and pound, and oot infrequently, on a bank by the way side, a deep old dusty well. Then came the trimlyhedged fields on either hand, and the open road again. they walked all that day, and slept that night at a small oottage where beds were let to travellers. Next morning they were afoot aga : n, and though jaded at first, and veiy tired, recovered before long, and proceeded briskly forward. They often stopped to rest, but only for a shortspace at a time, an J still kept on, haying had but slight reft eshment since the morning. It nearly five o'clock in the afternoon, when, drawing near another cluster of laborers' hutfi, thejchild looked wlstfully in each, doubtful at which to ask for permission to rest awhile, and bay a draught of milk. It was pot .easy to determine, for she 'Wjis tinwd \- Her® was a .crying child, ~«nd there a noisy *rife. >-2n this, the peopleieeemed too poor j iH thatj tdo many. ,At length she stopped at one where ttie family were; seated tamnd a table-^MeSy because there was an old man sitting in 'a cushioned chair beside the hearth," and slip thought lie was a^ndfaiW.' and tvouid for hers. There was, besides, the cottager and his wife, and three youn^ sturdy children, brown as berries. The request was no sooner preferred than granted. The. eldest boy ran out to fetch some'milk, the second dragged' $wb stools towards the door, and the youngest crept to iris mother's ^own, and looked at the strangers from beneath his sunburnt -hand. <5od : save yoti, mister,*' said the old cottager in a thin piping voice; are ypu t^avfiHing " Xes, sir, a long way," replied the child, for bettjgrandfather appealed to iter. 1 " Prom London -?" enquired the oW man. The ihild ^d'jeS. Ahl -he'liad been in London many a time— used to go there oifln once with waggons. It was nigh two- aor!-*hh.ty year since he had been there last, and tie dfcHiear say there we're great tJhahges. Like enough ! HVhad changed, hioifself, since then. Two^and-thirty jeer. was a long -time, wd eighty-four a great age, though there was some hfe-hati known that had lived to very hard upon a hundred, and not so hearty as he neither—no, nothing like it. Sit tljee down, master, jn the elbow chair/' said ihp old man, ifcoockiagius stick upon the brick floor, ?tn d trying to do sharply. '* Take a pineh onto' that box- I don't take much inysdf, for it comes dear ; but I find if wakes me up sometimes, and je're but a boy lo me. I should have a soa pretty nigih as old if lie'd lived, but they listed him for a soger—became back though, for all he had but one poor leg. He always said he'd be buried rear the sun dial he used to climb upon when he was a baby, did my poor boy, and his words came true—you can see the place with your own eyes; we've kept the turf up ever since." He shook his bead, aad, looking at his daughter with watery eyes, said she needn't be afraid that he was going to talk about, that any more. 0.e didn't wish to iroisbte msbodv, and if he troubled anybody by what he said, he asked pardon, that was all. The milk arrived, nnd.the child producing her little hasket and selecting its best fragments for, her grandfather, they made a hearty meal. The furniture of the room was veiy homely of course; i* few rough -chairs ana a table, a curner cupboard.with their little stock of crockery and deif, a gaudy tea-tray, representing a lady in bright red tiralking out with a very blue parrot, a few common colored scripture subjects in frames upon the well and chimney, an old dwarf clothes-press an^ eight-day cloefc, with a few bright saucepaas and a kettle, comprised the whole. But everything was clean and neat, and as the child glaneed round shejfelt a tranquil air of comfort and content, td which she had long been unaccustor ed. '* Ilbw far is it to any town or village?'* she asked of the husband. " A matter of good five mile, my dear," was the reply, " but you're not going on tonight ?" • 1 1 Yes, yes, Nell," said the old man hastily, urging her, too, by signs. " Further on, further on, darling, further away if we walk till midnight." " There' s a good barn hard by, master,'' said the man, " or there's traveller's lodgings, I know, at the Plo a an* Harrer. Excuse me, butyou do seem a little tired, and tra'ess you're very anxious to get on"— *' Yes, yes, we are,'' returned the old man fretfully. " Further away, dear Nell, pray, further away." " We must go on indeed,'* said the child, yielding to his restless wish. " We thank you very much, but we cannot 6top so soon. I'm quite ready, grandfather." But the woman had observed, from the young wanderer's gait, that one of her little feet was blistered and sore, and being a woman and a mother too, she wonld not suffer her to go until she had washed the place and applied some simple remedy, which she did with such a gentle hand, rough grained and hard though it was with work, that the child's heart was too fpll to admit of her saying more than a fervent " God bless you!"—nor could she look back nor (rust herself to speak, until they had left the cottage some distance Tiehind. When she turned her head, she saw that the whole family, even the old grandfather, were standing ib the road, watching them as they went, and so, with many waves, of the hand and cheering nods, and on one side at least not without tears, they parted company. They trudged forward, more slowly and painfully than they had done yet, for another mile-w thereaboate, ^hen they heard the sound of wheels behind them, and looking round, observed an empty cart approaching: very briskly, Tbe driver on coming up to them stopped his horse and looked- earnestly at Nell. " Didn't you stop to rest at a cottage yonder?" he said. " Yes, sir,*' replied the child. " Ah! They asked me to look out for you," said the man. " I'm going your way. Give me your hand. Jump tip, master." This was a great relief, for they were very much fatigued and could scarcely crawl along. To them the jolting cart was & luxurious carriage, and the ride the most delicions in the world. Nell had scarcely settled herself on a little heap of straw in one corner when she fell asleep for the first time : that- day. She was awa&ened; by the stopping of the cart, which was about to turn up a bye. lane. The criver kindly- got do^n to help her out, and pointing to some trees Hp a very- short distance before them, said, that the town lay there, and that they bad better take the path which they would see leading through this churchyard. Accordingly, towards this spot they directed their weary steps. CHAPTEB XVI; The sun was getting wlien tliey reached the wicket gate at which the path began, and, ,as the rain falls upon the and the unjust alike, it shed its warm tint even upon the resting places "of tlre dead, and bade them be of gt)od hope for its rising on tire ntorro vr. The church --was old'and grey, with ivy clinging to the walls .and-N<und the porch 1- '^Shunning tbe tpmbs, it crept £tbout the auounds, beneath whjch sl^pApopr humble men,' twining for them the first wreatiis they bad ever won, but wreaths less liable to. wither, and far more lasting in their kind, than some which were graven deep in stone or mafrble, and tolfl in pompous terms ofVirtues meekly bidden lor many a year, and only revealed at last to executors and^moornifig . . The clergyman's horseistumbling with a-dotl bjunt sound -among the. graves, was cropping the grass;, at once deriving orthodox consolation from the dead parishioners; and enforcing last Sunday's text that this-Was what all flesh came to ; a lean ass who had«onght to expound it also, without ^being qualified and' ordained, was pricking his ears an an eqapty pousd ^ard by, and looking: with hungry .eyes upon hb priestly neighbour. - Tlie old man and child quitted the gravel path, and strayed among the tombs-j for there the-ground was soft, and ehsy t^iheir'tired feet. Afe they; passed behind the ^iKh, they heard voices near at hand, and presently came on those who had spoken. - * • They^ werp two men.who wene seated in easy attitudes upot the grass, and so busily engaged as to be at first-unconscious of intruders. It was not difficult to divine that tbey were of a class of itinerant^ showmen—exhibftbrs of the freaks of Punch—for, perched crosslegged upon a tombstone bdiind lhem was the figure of that hero himself, his nose and chin as> hooked and his face as beaming as usuaL Perhaps his imperturbable character was never more strikingly developed, for he preserved his usual equable smile notwithstanding that his body was- dangling in a most uncomfortable position, all loose, and limp and . shapeless, while bis long peaked cap, unequally balanced against his exceedingly slight legs, threatened every instant to bring him toppling down. In part scattered upon the ground at the feet of the two men, and in part jumbled together in a long flat box, were the other persons of thi drama. The hero's wife and one child, the hobby-horse, the doctor, the foreign gentleman who, not being familiar with the language, is unable in the representation to express his ideas otherwise than by the utterance of the word " Shallafcalah" three distinct times, the radical neighbour who will by so means admit that a tin Sell is am organ, the executioner, and the devii, were all here. Their owners had evidently come to that spot to make some needful repairs In tbe stage arrangements, for one of them was eneaged in binding together a small gallows witlT thread, while the other was intent upon fixing a new black wig, with the aid of a small hammer and some tacks, upon the head of the radical neighbour, whti had been beaten bald. They raised their eyes when the old man and his young companion were close upon them, and pausing' in their -work, returned their looks of curiosity, One of them, the actual exhibitor no'donftti i littiiFinerfy faced man with a twinkling eye and a red nose, who seemed, to have unconsciously imbibed something of his hercfe character. The other, that was he who took .the money, had rather a careful and cautious look, which was perhaps inseparable from his occupation also. I The meny. man was the fifst. to greet the strangers with a nod $ and following the oh! , man's jeyes, he observed that perhaps that was the .first time he had ever seen a Pnnch oflp the : stage. ^Punch, it may be remarked, seemed to be pointing with thelap of his capto a most j flourishing epitaph, and to be chuekling over it with alt his heart.^ "Why do you eonie here to do this ? " said the old- man, sitting down beside them, and looking at the figures with extreme delight. " Why you see," rejoined^ t^e little man, " we're put up for the night at the public house yonder, and it wouldn't do to jet'em see the present company undergoing repair;'* "No!" cried the old man, waking signs to Nell to listen, "whynot, eh? why not? " -" Beeaose it wouid destroy aflthe delision, and take away all the interest, wouldn't it f" replied the little man. " Would you care a ha 'penny- for the Lord Cb'ancelibr if you k«iow*d him In private and without his wigp Certainly not." " Good 1" said the old man, venturing to touch one of the puppets, and drawing away his hand with a shrill laugh. " Are you going to shew 'em to night ? Are you?" " That is the intention, governor," replied the other, and xraless I'm mucfa mistaken, Tommy Codlin is a calculating at this minute what we've lost through your coming upon us. Cheer up, Tommy ; it can't be much*" The little man accompanied .these, latter words with a wink, expressive of the estimate he?had formed of tbe traveller's finances. To lhis Mi- Codlin, who had^s^ly, grumbling naartner, jnipli^; as fie fn^ped Pnoch off Ae tomb-stone and fiunjg him into the box-~ " I don't care if we haven't lost a fardel, but yon*re too free. If you stood in front of the curtain and see tbe public's faces as I do, you'd know human oatur' better*' . " Ah, it's been- die spoiling of yon, Tommys your taking to that branch^V rejoined his-companion. " When you played tbe gh(»t in the reg'lar drama in- tbe fairs, yon oelieved in every thiDg—except ghosts; But 1 BOW you're a universal mistruster. I never see a man so changed;" "Never mind," said Mr Codlin, with the air of a discontented pliilosojpher. "I know better now, and p'raps I'm sorry for it.'" \- Turning over die figures in the box like one who knew and despised them, Mr Codlin drew one forth and held It np forthe inspection ofhir friend, " Look -here ; here's all this Judy's clothes felling to pieces sg&in.; You lmeA't got-a needle and thread I suppose?" \- The little man shook His head and scratched it ruefully as he contemplated this severe! indisposititm of a principal performer. Sedng thai they wete at a loss, the child said timidly;— " I have" a needl^ sir, in my basket, aad thread too. Will you let me try to mend it you ; I think I conld do it neater than you could." Even Mr Codlin had nothing to urge against a proposal so seasonable. 'Nellvv down beside the l)ox, was Bbon enc little,mto' Wbd&t; WsSrointaEet^i^^ did not^.apfiBfar to he dimi^elieifiifhfll^re bad fiinsfi^' .her vrbft^W m ^ were itny^iBg. , " N—no laUherto^h^i dank,"and child, Jodking towards hergcandfatber. " If ypn're w^ntingra place to, stop-at," the man remarked " I should advise you tq take up at the same house with us. I'hafs it—the long, lo*f, tfhite house fhfere.' It^s very cheap. 1 ' The old mau, notwithstanding his fifigfip, would have remained 'iri the chhrchyaH all night if his. new acquaintance -had staid tte^ too. As he yielded to this suggestion a readyand rapturous assent, tliey all ros^;aEfdiwalked away together; he keepbg^losertof^bjb^gjrpf puppets, in which he was quite Jibit^bed, the merry little man Partying It slOp^ ov^iis iom by a-strap attached tb ft fbr the <purp&g;, Nelly having hold of her grandfethefshdnd, itridiir Codlin sauntering slowly behind, Casting up at the church to^er and neighbouring trees such looks as was accustomed io towa practice to direct to drawing room +and nursery windows; when seeking .fbr a profitable spot on which to plant the show. The ptiblie house was kept by a n fat bldlandlord and landlady who made no objection to beauty and were behalf.. There was. DO other coujpaay ia djte kitchen hnt the two showmen^ and^ the^hildt felt veiy thankful that they,had fallen upon such «o6d quarters. The iandiady 1^^ yerV much astonishfed to learn that they had liome all the way from London, and appeared t 0 have no little curiosity touching .their farther destination. The ehHd parried her enquiries as well as she could, and with no great trouble^ for finding that they iappeared to giye her pain the old lady desisted. " These two gentlemen have ordered supper in an hour's time," she said; takicg her into the bar? "and your best plan will be to snp with them. Meantime yon shall have:a little taste of something, that'll do you jgood, for Z'ni sure you must want it after all you've gone through to-day. Now, don't look after tiiue old gentleman, because when you've drank Chat he shall have some too." ~As nothing could induce the'child to leave him alone, however, or to toueh anything in which he was not the first and greatest sharer, the old- lady was ottliged to help him firsts When they, liad been thus refreshed the whole house hurried away into an empty stable^ where the show'stood, and where, by the light of a few flaring candies stuck round a hoon which hung by a line from the ceihng/itjiiB ; to be forthwith exhaited. And now Mr 13iomas Codlin, the misan> thrope, after blowing away the Pflfi^ jnpes until, he was intensely wretched, took bis station on onie side of the clie^ked dnipery vriiich conceded : die mover- o f b n ^ to all questions and lemarks of Pnnch, ahd to make a dismal feint cf being his most intimate private friend, of believing in hixn to the fullest and most UDllmited extentj of knowing that he enjoyed day and night a merry and.^orlons existence in that temple, andtupf atail time and under every circnmstance the samB int^Iigent and joyful person that the o^isbMte then beheld him. All^^this 14T Godlin did wfth the air of a tnan who for the worst aqd was quite resigned ; his eye slowly wandering about during the briskest repartee to observe the effect upou the audience, and particularly die impression upon the landlord and landlady, which might be productive of veiy important results in connexion with the supper. ifpon this head, however, he had no eause for any anxiety, lor the whole performance was applauded to die echo, and voluntary contribudons were showered in with a liberality which testfied yet more strongly to the general delight. Among the laughter none was more loud-and frequent than this old man's. Nell's was unheard, for fche, poor child, with her head drooping on his shfraldeiyhad fallen asleep, and slept too soundly to be roused by any of his efforts to awaken her to a participation in his The rapper was very good, but she was too tired to eatj and yet would not leave the old man until she had kissed him zn his bed. He, happily Insensible to every care anti anxiety, sat listening with a vacant smile and admiring face to all that his new friends said; aud it was not until they retired yawning to their room that he followed the child np stairs. It was buta loft partitioned Into two compartments where they were to test, but they were well pleased with their lodging, and had hoped for none so - good. • Tbe old tnan was uneasy when haphftd laid down/ aaddiegged that Wellwould oome and rft at bUkJxs&siilefMs; she haddoneforso.many Rights. jShehastened to hlm, and.sftt tb^re till he slept. - There was a little windo w,, hardly more than a cliunk in the wall, In her room, and when sbe left'him she (Reined it, quhe wondertng at the alenoe. "Hies^ghtoftheflldchiurch, and the. graves dboutit, in the Inoonlight, and tbe dark trees, whispering among tbemsdves, made her more thouRhtful than before. She closed the- .. ii. , . it wasVory little, and - iratein that was done tbey inust ^begin ti> beg. There mm owe piece of gold among it, and an emergency mightcome whea ite worth to them would lie increased n hundred Jbld. It would be best to hide, this coiu^ .apd neyer produce. it ui^ps their case waaabsolutelydesperaie, and no other r^ttrce was iefr^^ Her resoluddn taken, she jKwed &e; piece of gold into her dress, «ttl going to bed with a lighter heartsunk idto ct< 