PEN AND INK SKETCHES OF HIGH AND LOW LIFE, IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. THE NIGHT MARE. "Is this a hammer that I see before me?" "Tis but fancy's dream." THE philosophic reader will not fafl to observe the influence of slight occurrence* upon the human mind, end the power ther have of becoming impressed upon the imagination so as to influence conduct evenwhen the mental- faculties are in a state of repose.- We hare been drawn into this moralizing mood by receiving from our artist a copy of the Pen and Ink Sketch given with the present number of the "Independent". It represents Tim Short (Long life to him) in a state of somnolency, labouring under theinflictions of the foul fiend Incubus in theembodied form of the Agent of the Hammer Company.- According to the authorities in this malady, "the senses are not quite lost, but astonished and overwhelmed as is the understanding and imagination'' so that the Patient seems to think some** huge weight is about to fall upon him and crush him. Young people are very liable to this distemper, as are fat people and men of mueh study and application of mind, by reason that the stomach in aft these, finds some difficulty in digestion." And now gentle reader we will detail* you no longer from the sketch.. The prostrate figure before yoUj is that ot your friend Short, a gentleman of peculiar temper- ament, of fi agile and delicate organization, full of sympathies and antipathies. Shakspeare says, Art. Antipathy- " Some men there are love not a gaping: pig- Some that are mad if they behold a cat.. And others when the bagpipe singsi' the nose- Cannot contain their Urine." Now these lines, barring of course the concluding one, which is de trop describe the temperament of Tim Short. His last, greatest, deadliest aversion is to a Hammer. Even in sleep, busy fancy, has conjured up the ghost of a hammer, expanding with the help of imagination to the dimensions of the fabled weapon of the God Thor. And wielded by the powerful digits of the Atlas of the Adelaide Hammer Company. Already it is about to fall upon him and crush him ; about to cut the career of Timothy—Short—He awakes and behold it was a dream, —a fallacy. "Alas poor Short." 