SVOEJElf GAZETTE. ?asMaamnMaaguaanDnnB THURSDAY, AUGUST. 1941. innaaBBBaaBnBBgBtnH Legislative Council. THE expected debate on the Police and Gaol Establishments took place on Tuesday. The whole proceeding was a' slate, nat and" unprofitable well may the public sigh for a home representation well may the people of New South Wales languish for an elective assembly, when they have no better advocate and orator than Mr. James Macarthur. We will not be unkind to the " Cicero of the Cowpastures," for we could not be so, without ingratitude-doubt- less he did his best he has our thanks but, for the people, we must say, it is deplorable, that we have no more strenuous advocacy. Mr. James Macarthur was mealy-mouthed to a fault-and be met with the common recompense of that quality-he was bullied for his pains ; the little, feeble, irresolute attempt that he made at free-speaking was so timidly put forth, that it elicited nothing but contempt. He quoted Burke, and if the ghost of Burke had stood by, he would inevitably have deplored the misery of being dragged into bad company for some of A is noblest sentiments were pronounced to be mere declamation, and, according to Sir George Gipps, would be. coughed done" in the House of Commons The truth is, that Burke's character is as good in ever, but he lost caste by reason of the old proverb " register a society." Mr. Macarthur should have been supported by his relation, Mr. H. Macarthur, who is in comparably the better debater of the two, and the Colony owes no thanks to the rest of the dumb members who sat around. Poor Sir John was moved in the spirit, but of course his efforts were little worth. Mr. Jones, who might really have been serviceable in the cause, whom the Colony moreover greatly relied upon, could say nothing for us, though he was quick to detect irregularity in Mr. Macarthur's proposed resolution while the honorable member from Shoalhaven, having no acres in the debate, was as quiet and composed as we really generally wish he would be. The amount of the Estimate for Police and Gaol Establishments for they year touches the iiioderatesum ninety three thousand pounds ! independent of the sums already voted for the judicial departments of the Judges, Supreme Court, Sheriff, &c.; &c.; All these expenses up to the year 1835, were borne by the home government, and Sir George Gipps endeavoured to prove that there was a BARGAIN made upon our behalf, from and after that time, that we should pay them our- selves but, in a bargain made, there must be two parties there must be a quid for aqua there must an equivalent show it us here, Sir George what did we receive in exchange, when this enormous burthen was shifted, from the shoulders of the Chancellor of the British Exchequer to those of the Colonial Treasurer? Mr. Macarthur proposed that one half only of the expenses of the Police and Gaol Establishments should be borne by the Colony, and this was abundantly generous for, now that the system of transportation has ceased, it can- not be urged that the Colony is deriving any benefit from convict labour though it must not be for one moment lost sight of, that the '. materiel" of a large proportion of our population gives occasion to this awful outlay for the preservation of public peace and good order. It may be very pertinently demanded-in what part of the civilized world, a charge is made to the extent of nearly, if not fully, one pound per head per annum for judicial protection? and yet this is to be charged upon us, and the security derived from it is notoriously insufficient We shall take the liberty to give our version of the BARGAIN between this Colony and the mother Country, but in doing so, we will not be so completely hoodwinked as not to take into our review all the circumstances of the case. This Colony was established with the express view of providing an arena for the useful employment of English criminals-to remove them from the temptation to crime, and by industrious habits, to work out their reformation-the plan worked well and the British Government held out the advantage to capitalists, and to respectable men of every class, the inducement of grants of land, and a supply of convict labour, if they would locate in New South Wales, and further their views-many did so and it was acknowleged in the House of Commons that the Home Government was relieved of expense, to the amount of thirty pounds per head, for every criminal our settlers took off their hands ; the time, however, arrived (in 1839) when, the industry, energy and judgment of the early settlers raised the character of the Colony, in home estimation, so highly, that Lord Goderich thought it safe to discontinue the generosity of Government in giving away the land he would establish a system of SALE. Five shillings per acre was the price fixed upon-but markets especially call the attention of Sir George Gipps to the fact-the proceeds of such sales were solemnly promised to the object of promoting emigration, and that alone. How has this promise been kept? This is and was the only real BARGAIN that was ever yet made, " tacitly" or otherwise, between the Colonials of New South Wales and the Ministers of the Crown has been most grossly violated the upset price of land has been raised-the system of sale has been tampered with, at the pleasure of each successive Colonial Secretary, and the Colonists have been defrauded of the legitimate proceeds of their industry, as it has best suited the views, or squared with the necessities of the magnate of the time being. The vapouring of the Governor about the Colonists surrendering their assigned servants, if they find them unprofitable, is altogether beside the question there is, and has been a bargain, and it ought to be adhered to all the benefits are not, ought not to be, on one side let the Government of England, we reply, set their criminals, if they please, to the task of digging useless hole and filling them up again ; let Lord John Russell send his convicts to Norfolk Island to play at skittles, or practice gymnastics, as his pleasure may be-but while we are the recipients of such an inflammable set of tools in the [labour market, let us at least have a fair share of the profit to be derived from handling them-and before the convicts are demanded back, lay out our land fund according to its appropriate-its devoted object. We are bound to give a fair consideration to His Excellency's arguments-and we cannot overlook what he has said about the necessarily increased expense which arises from the dis- persion of the convict population but if this is an advantage to the settler, is it not equally a manifest advantage to the executive adminis- tration the dispersion of criminals, if the Go- vi rnment have any moral motives to guide them, will be one of their dearest objects-and they might well pay for its attainment. We are told that the British Government maintain three regiments here, while one suffices for the protection of other Colonies whose fault is this The people of New South Wales are surely not, by any possible sophistry, to be made responsible for the necessities of London, Manchester, Leeds, and the other overgrown cities in our native land -it is indefeasible that they should have an outlet for their criminals, which sad it is to say, is in most cases, only another name for their unemployed and starving population but all this relief is not to be worked out at our expense. Independent however of the BARGAin, His Excellancy displayed the large share of the real cost of POLICE (which we take to be a comprehensive term for the charge in dispute that the Home Government bears& gra Hyde Park Barracks, the Female Factory, the Stock- sides, and Hoad Gangs-and he says that we ought therefore to be satisfied-we say No! We are willing we are anxious to employ every convict you will give us, who is capable of management-you derive a direct and immediate advantage by having them taken off your hands but when we find their propensi- ties uncontrollable, we have a right to return them to you, and you not we must provide for their safe keeping. (To be continued.) . 