Varieties. TPws QUKen A I? KrNG or PRTUGAL-.-As 9 was returning through Cintra, I met a lady ri \- ding. up hill,, with a goodly form, round, com-. fortable looking face, blondhair, and light com ,plexion, the Dutch lady (in short) of .Vandyke. eI saluted.her, as one -is accustomed-to salute the passer by, but behind her came two females, two .-of these-regular .Portuguese figures one meets so -oftenin'Lisbon, whose leather.coloured pinched' . countenances formed a strong contrast to the -white-skinned, well conditioned features of the "?emale equestrian who went before them. The alfrst surveyed me with a! smile, the others with a \- scowl, and-I was in doubt to what nation:I should -assign the heterogenous trefoil, when up came a .number-f- cavaliers, among whom a-tall.young s figure was conspicuous, who greeted-me with a driendly nod. A train of' lackies, and two lan. cers,who brosughtaup the rear,.solved the enigma- it was the'King and Queen. :I was naturally an paoyed with myself that I had not bestowed a seemly reverence on such distinguished persons, but there was no remedy. The young-monarch -is one of those fiue,-manlyfigures with which the .-bouse of Coburg provides the thrones of Europe, and loved by his subjects, If the Portuguese are Scapable of loving anything .foreign. While -I looked-at the light-haired Fleming-figured Queen, SI was; involuntarily reminded of our never-to-be. forgotten Augitstus-Duke of Leuchtenberg, ard his lonely tomb in the monastery of St. Vincent. \--Hailbronner', Trraels?in the East sand Eire. .-vhere. - iPslxa?I:,iTI T .s UNITED STATIES TOWARDS 'GanAIT Ba ?In?.-Among the mass of the peo ple, there was a levity in' contemplating war which asteonished and pained, and a bitterness, in -speak. ing of England which irritated and annoyed me. eAmong- the.wealthy and educated, ihestility to f&Britlsh; interests assumed the place of antipathy to the British people: to whom,indeealthey.were .ready to accord.all the respect and extend all the ..civilities towhich collectively or indivhdually they " might be entitled. ,I was, however, exceedingly ,pleased to;find,'that-among the superor odfiera .-of the army and navy-veterans who had served \- with:credit against Great Britain in the war of 1812-there - existed .a cordial disposition to do ejustiee to England and to oultivate frieadly rela. Stions with .-her people. While; professionally, :they would have rejoiced at " being,called into ac - t.ive service, -so -far as my military and naval ao quaintance extended, the. members.of both pro . fessions concurred in the hope, (in which 1. hear-. tily joined,) that harmony between the two na. tions:might long be maintained. *While in com .pany with some officers of rank -in the United :States' armny,probable results:of a-war, In.case' hostilities should break out,were good-humouredly .discussed. -I fought the 'battles of my.own land as gallantly. asI could, without disparagenent.to her assumed opponent; claiming, of course, al -timate success in the hypothetical struggle. On the other-side, Itiwas.admitted, that, in the outset, superior dtsripline .and military resources; more ample and.4mmediate would give .us the advan tage; but. that-in ?u year or. two, at all-events, 'i three or four, these advantages would be. coun t-ter-balanced and victory be secured to the-Union. 'Should -war =take place,SI am ,lirmly of opinon .-that it will not be of short duration ; for its obh ject, on the part of the United States, will be to lower.the'dictorial tone too-often assumed by Eng. Iabshmen, to"eradioate British influence. from.North ,America,,and-to.raise domestic manufactnre:to a' pitch that'may 'enable them to maintain their . ground afterwards-in defanceo?f foreign.competi tlon.-xKeunedp'...Te.as. SINULARa Awusczor.-Onen erniog, 'in-the .eourse of this tour, the bishop, Colonna of Loin bes, togeiher with Petrarch, .his friend Lalius,-: \- .nda sufficient suite of.attendants set out to visit the- highest of the mountains.that form the chain ,of th'e Pyrenees,froa the summit of which can be .descried both France and Spain,as well as the seas -thatlS wash their shores. As they were ascendinga -to this mountain top by a steep and tortuous ,path,- they stopped in iight of a picturesque *.astle. Its owner, an aged Arab, came out to .-meet them, He had made many-campaigns in ,bygone years, during the war which' his fellow bbllevet'r waged againat the king of .Castille and -Granada. Afterwards, he had traversed France -andFlanders as a merchant, and acquired wealth .renough to purchase the lordship of this fief. The •turban?on his head marked him outas a Saracen, lwhilst the nimerous suite that followed 'James 'Colonna ~ehowed that he was a .distinguished personage. The Arab oourteously saluted the -c?mpsany, and, addressing himself to the Bishop -.of Lombes; aid, ",' Welcomeillestrioi i 'avaliero, .and your-worthy followers. It would delight me A/t youplease to accept the hoeapitaliby which I can -offer you, and refresh yourselves in my castle." r.l admire your courtesy," 'answered the bishop, ." 'apd your.hbospitality,. which is not restricted to thlis ofryour own faith, but extended also to the _ollowers of Christ. I ,qee the truth of what was often told-me - i my father. In -the -course of his.nisfortanas and wanderings, he met with men of opposite.preade, that seem calculated to-cherish the deadliest hatred between them;. but be found that this oiroumetence could not eradicate that sense of humanity and brotherhood which nature baa:planted in the learts of men,, When the Arab learnt the bishop's name and family, he ex .cklai'nied, "The son of Stefano Coloana'" ! i' knew that gr.eat n.an at thebcourt of Paris, and he re lated to me himself the terrible persecutions that he underwent from' the injustice of Pope Boli face." James Colonna told the Arab that he and hise, party would.ist ,him with the greatpast .plea sure on his iaetqrn . from. the mountain top ; and he kept his wortd. The guests were received in-a spacious saloon. and.. ftound a ;table-covered with 4he richest viands and silver tankards foaming -wi.tl, lentwine ' How is this P" said the CoMihuiha, - 'athensanslon t au Msaul man there is an overflow of wine, which is so ri gidly forbidden bythe prophet of Mecca. " The Massalman answered, him, " Sir, the law of Mahomet which prohibits wine .is accommodated to the climate of Arabia, where water is the natural and only beverage. 4n warm climates the aqueous part of the -blood soon dissipates itself by perspiration ; hence they drink the simple ele ments, and not strong liquors, which make the globules of the blood coagulate. When the Arab, therefore, comes to a cold region be may dispense with this law."-aTomas Campbell's Life of Petrarch. ANcraTr F?3UNCK M srsanxzs. - Nothing could exceed the gross improprieties of many of these pieces. They were many of them written by ecclesiastics; and Michael Jsan,.bishop of Angers, composed a mystery, which contained the whole life. of our Saviour, and was performed with great applause at Poictiers. Lazaras, when raised from the dead,-related in this performance' all that he had seen in hell at much length,' together with a thousand other absurdities. Mass was said in the pit, before the commencement of the play; and the painter, who had painted the. sccne which represented Paradise, cried out to the spectators, " You see there, gentlemen, a more beautiful Paradise than you have ever seen, or ever will see."-Trollope'e Suamner in' Western France. " ENGLAND AND FRANCE CONTRASTED.-The parallel between England and France, in relation to the condition to which the greater part of their respective population is reduced, may be drawn in two words :-France is poor, England is miser- able. This might easily be proved from the prin- ciples we have laid down. Since misery is poverty felt by its contrast with wealth; since riches are necessary to set the phenomena of misery in evidence, it is among the English nation that it must be most intensely felt; where the opulence of the few affords the most striking contrast to the poverty of the many.—Buret on the His- tory of the Working Classes in England and France. A WOMAN-HATER.-Not so much as a foolish fat scullion will he suffer in his house. Even the white window;curtains were taken down, as bear. ing too much resemblance to female drapery. For every why there is a wherefore; et voice lcfait . he formed'an early attachment to a very beautiful girl, much his inferior in" fortune ;-he was sent abroiad, but continued most romantically constant. As soon as his father's death made him master of a noble estate, 'he married ?er. Two months after their marriage she ran away with his most intimate friend, whom she had known a fortnight. .Life and Literary Remains tf L. E. L. RELATIONS BETWEEN LABOUR AND CAPITAL.. -Labour, where the workman possesses no other kind of capital, as is the case with several classes of operatives, has not the economic character of an article of traffic ; wages do not belong to a market; for the operative does not stand before his employer in the character of a free seller. It may be said, that the capitalist is always free to purchase labour, and the workman always forced to sell it. The value of labour is .completely destroyed if it is not sold every moment. Labour differs from all articles of traffic, because it can neither be stored nor saved. To the operative labour is life, and if that life be not daily ex changed for food and raiment, 'it dwindles away and becomes extinct. The capitalist or purchaser of labour is placed in a very different position; if his wealth is unemployed it is unproductive. but it is not destroyed. He can afford to defer the bargain until more favourable conditions are offered. In a word, labour is not always demanded, and is always obliged to offer itself. Auret on the History of the Working Classes in England and France. ,'REPUBLICAN RESISTANCE TO THE RUSSIANS \--WASHINGTON.-- The most brilliant, entertain-' ment.I attended was given by the Russian Min ister, Mr. Bodisdo, who certaihly carried away the palm from the corps , dipomatigue in pro riding amusement.for the fair and fashionable. Among the arrangements of.,Mr. Bodisco's establishment, I could not help being attracted by the splendid' garniaure of posse of black servants, who, .with cocked hate and vestments stiff with "barbaric pearl and gold," did their ministering ,in a style of conasious importance. that must have rejoiced the self-love of " All the htussiand," couold they 'have witnessed by delegation the gorgeous show. I have been tempted into a notice of ~these sable servltors by a characteristic anecdote, which I heard in refer ence to the trappings with which they were invested. The Russian.Miaister had been waited upon previously by white attendants, an excellent classan the States, phen rwell chosn; but of course, with republicsn ideas. ofpersonaldignity. On a certain day, Mr. Bodisco summoned his male attendants, who were attiaed in the usual garb of citizens, and announced with an air of graciousness, that his Imperial Master the Empbsor had, as a mark of respect, been pleased personally to select a irnifdm for his (the Minister's) household, which ws one of the most attractive description.; and whi he invited them to eamine, in full peraInslop fo - their grateful acceptance~of the same. After brief survey of the cocked hts, emblazoned cjats, and glowing inexpjrsiiles, the '.' helps ". 1hdrew to hold a conferencein a corner of the a artment. After due.deliberation, une of the b y intima'ed their 1annimous decision, .that for ny-free citizen to year such monmtebank'equips ents out of doors was qui!e;impossibl;; bqt th was ra minority of their number notindisposed to wear thiem in doors, provided a suitable adldition (onedolhir per diem) were made o their jay. The egooia tion terminated abruptly;. nd the offended Minister transferred the insu ed habiliments to the readily acquiescent Africa , who bore their saeerdotal!honours with evide elation. ·Iinmay add, that I have not seen whl servants in livery lA the United Stalit, exce 'ince or twice in · New York; and there the uuniiorm was of each an unostentatious description as hardly to merit the name.-Ketedjy's 7enr." , REMINISCENVES ON THE P TA' AND PAESLEa IG;os ow FRANc.--The Count D'Artois. or Monsieur, I -had met in the ye.ar 1802-3, at Donington Park, the seat of the Earl of Moira, under whose princely roof I9sed often and long, in those days, to find a hospitable home. A small party of distinguished French emigrants were already staying on a visit in the house when Monsieur and. his suite arrived; and among those were the present King of France and his two brothers, the Dec de Montpensier and the Count de Beaujolais. Some doubt and uneasiness had, I remember, been felt by the two latter-brothers, as to the reception they were likely to galan from the new guest; and as, in those times, acropped and unpowdered head was regarded generally as a symbol of Jacobitism, the Comte Beaujolais, 'who, like many other young men, wore his hair in this fashion, thought it, on the present occa sion, most prudent, in order to avoid all risr of offence, not only to put powder on his hair, but also to provide himself with an artificial queune. This measure of precaution, however, le I to a slight incident after dinner, which, though not very royal or dignified, was at least creditable to the social good humour of the future Charles X. On the departure of the ladies from the dining room, we had hardly seated ourselves in the old fashioned style, round the ire, when Monsieur, who had happened to place himself next to Beau jolais, caught a glimpse of the ascitition tail which, having been rather carelessly put on, had a good deal straggled out of its place. With a sort of acream ofjocular pleasure, as if delighted' at the discovery, Monsieur seized the stray ap pendage, and bringing it round into full view, to; the great amasement of the whole company,; popped ic into poor grinning Beaujolais' mouth.! On one of the evenings of this short visit to Monsieur, I remember Curran arriving unex pectedly, on his way to -London; and, having' come too late'for?' dinner, he joined our party in the evening. As the foreign portion of the company was then quite new to him, I was able to be useful, by informing him of the names, rank,' and other partioelars'of the party he found assembled, from Monsieur himself down to the old Luc de Lorge and the Barow de Rolle. When I had gone through the whole' list, " Ah, poor fellow " he exclaimed, with a mixture of fun and pathos in his look, truly Irish, " Poor fellows : all dismounted cavalry 1" On the last evening of Monsieur's stay, I was made to sing for him, among other songs, '' Farewell, Bessy i" one of my earliest attempts at musical .compoal. tion. As soon as I had finished, he paid me the compliment of reading aloud the words as written under the music; and most royal havoc did he malte, as to this day I remember, of whatever little sense or metre they could boast.-Moore's Poetical Works, vol. vii. ETRUscan GnAvas . ATErLY ONwun.-The. sepulchral architecture of the Etruscans preserved, even after they had ceased to exist as a nation, very much of, original character. The most. rema'rkable of its remains, which are chiefly anbterranean, may be easily reduced to a few classes." Most of those, for instance, in the .metropolis of Vulci, on Lucien Bonaparte's estate called Canino, are chambers or suits of .ehambers excavated in the soft rock, entered by descending galleries or staircases, and without any erection rising above tie ground. Others, like those of Tarquini, near Corneto, are in the interior .similar to the tombs of Vulci, but are covered by larger or smaller mounds of earth. We have an example of a third class in the huge sepulchre or collection .of sepulchres at Vulci, which the peasants call the Cocumella; being a cluster of excavated:ohambers over which is.piled one immense tumulus more than 200 feet in diameter, and composed euternally of heaped soil, but having internally considerable masses of stone work. A fourth kind are hewn in the perpendic. ular sides of cliffs,' like those in the forest or Barmazo, and have either plain entrances or ornamental facades, some of which formcomplete Doric fronts; with volutesiand other decorations foreign to the order. In the few which were raised above ground, and compesied entirely of masonry, the favorite form seems to have been that of a conical tower, which in some cases con tained the sepulchral chaisbers ; while in others, asin the structure called theTomb of the Horatii at Albano, it'was only an embellishment, and rose from a quadrilateral building, in which the, body 'was laid-Edidinburgh' Ci'&net; Library, No. ?.7X. Italy and t'e Italian Islands. A .RoYAL DzrN nt.-His Majesty was not a gross feeder..l is meals weireattea:iddidby~the "Nauzir ", or steward of the household, who al ways sees to the preparation of them, and is an.' swerable for their being unmixed with any dale, trious drugs. The Chinadishes,.with silver covers, being placed on the tray, are sealed by the Nauxir," and he accompanies them to the royal presence; being placed on the " sofra, " which is of ishawl, on the ground, he breaks.the seal, rand then His Majesty dips his fingers in the dishesi. Having'asoertained their quality, hebu ries his knuckles in the 4chillou, " or mountain of rice, of which he is very fond . Nothing must be served that requires carving, beyond pulling the limbs of a ftowl with the ingers, for.even majesty never deigns to use a spoon, fork or plate. At a respectable distance stands the " Hakeem bashee, " or chief physician, to watch the royal f:eeding, and to prescribe an instant remedy should his Majesty choke himself, or eat aiything to disagree with him. The hour of dinner is between eight and zilne.-Fowler'a Three ears in Persia. CatNEEs MAT-OuVss.-E-Ridipg being out of 'the question, we were obliged to bb contented with a walk; and accordingly proceeded to iool?? at the mat.*ouses intended for the , reception of tphe presents.. Thoey were about half a mile from our place of residence, and proved to be very apacious. The fsCility and cheapnes with whict the Chinese erect these immense mat-warehouses is very remarkable. The admirable manner in which the use of the bamboo combines lightness with strength renders it a most valuable resource to this ingenious and industrious people. Their temporary theatres, their halls of reception on public occasions, and their warehouses for storing goods are erected of these mats, at a few hours notice, and serve equally well to exclude the heat and the rain. They can be built of almost any height or breadth required, on account of the ex treme lightness of the materials. Not a nail is used in their construction, nor even a cord ; but the thin strips of the bamboo bind every part together in a perfect manner; and, whenthe end of their erection has been answered, they are taken down and carried away with equal ease and despatch.-Davie's Sketches in China. 'ORIENTAL ULTRA-POLITENESS : FEMALE CU EIosITY : WNDasoR.-In a very few minutes we saw her Majesty come on the Terrace; and every body ranged themselves on both sides of her to pay their respects and have a peep at their youth ful Sovereign. She was plainly dressed; and we had the honour and gratification of seeing her. She passed by close where we stood; and had in attendance upon her, Lord Melborne and Lord' Falkland: there were many others who were not pointed out to us. We were,'of course, steadfastly gaeing upon the interesting face of that young lady, who holds so high and important a post as the Queen of Great Britain; and we were asking ourselves, whether she would not, in all probabil ity, have been happier, had her lot been to have passed through life as Princess Victoria, without being called upon to fill the high responsible po sition she now does.! When, attracted'by seeing, us in our sostume, she turned her head and look. ed upon us, we made our salaams, (an Indian bow:) but we received an answer in that looi: n 'answer toh~hat had been passing in our minds We saw in an instant that she was fitted by nature for, and intended to be, a Queen: we could per ceive a native nobility and expression about hers which induced us to believe that she could, al though meek and amaiable, befirm and dedsive; and that, whether Whigs or Tories were the" Ministers of the day, she would still be Queen, and have her own will, and judge for herself. * * * *'Shkortly after she had passed us, one of the attendants came to inquire who we were, and .what country we came from; which we informed him; but he returned 'again, to say, that her Majesty was pleased to know our names and, as we knew the difficulty an Englishman has to pronounce our names, wdegave our cards to him ; which he handed to I.rd Melbourne, and no doubt were read to hek Majesty, who did us 'the honour, upon .reaching the end of the Terrace, again to look upon us, andl-what to her was the novelty-our costume. We felt highly honoured in being thus noticed By our gracious 'Sovereigri -the greatest in the world4 and we were highly delighted with the loyalty which the English peo ple present evinced towards her Majesty; as we observed every inrdividual that was on tile Terrace take of their lata and pay proper respect and homage to her.-The Parsees in England. A DZLICATE ArPPETIT.-The Lady Beatrice, says the lagend, was a great gourmette in her way. She was, as people often profess themselves to be, ¶' fond of children."' She liked' them newly born, and dressed simply, on the gridiron; and she had a cook whose broiled babes were chef d'euvree ofthe then infant art of cookery.' But new born infants are, fortunately, not so plentiful as new-laid eggs; and 'the Lady Talmont's dai ly dinner acted as a strong ," check on popu lation." Upon one occasion, when there was not a child to be had for love.or money, it so hap pened that the cook's wife became the mother of a fine boy.' It only wantedhalf an liour of dinner. His credit, his place,.nay, perhaps his character was at stake !. And the struggle in his bosom, between the father and the cook; was tremendoiis. He looked dangerously at the child, as, eyeing its limbs professionally, he stood feeling the edge of his long knife with his thumb,:and casting a side glance, from time to time, at the gridiron. But at length ature triumphed over art ; and the cook yielded to the father. Dashing his white cap from his brow, he rushed into the presence of his hungry mistress, and spoke to her so elo quently of the impropriety of indilgiing, as she did, in the pleasures of the table that she not only, with noble self-denial, renouaed, for the future, the favourite luxuiry to which she was so partial; but determined to expatiate her pasut dinners,, by walking barefoot on thorns, from Talmont to Fontenelle.-- ollope'# BSunmer' in Western France. GnosTs IN ANcIENT Roaee.-The 'power of magicians to raise the dead was long doubted or denied'by the learned; and the elder Pliny men tions with merriment that he had seen the Greek Apion. This man had discovered the marvellous root osyrites, (perhaps the mandrake of the middle ages,) which was a preservative against poisons, ;ut cost life to him who pulled it; and he had evoked the shade of Homer, to question him as to the plade of hii birthr but professed that he durst not reipeat the answer which the spirit had given. On the other hand, it was doubted that ghosts were wont to rise on their own accord. The same writer avows his belief, of such occurrences after relating gravely, as an incident really supernatural, a palpable trick played by :Sex tuus Pompeius in his campaign against. Julius Caesar ; and Pliny's nephew is still mnore un equivocal in the;confession of his faith which he makes in telling.several stories of apparitions, one :of which happened to a freedman of his own. and is the most foolish of the series. Ose .of his legends, the well-told adventrite of Athenodorus of Athens, with its hauntedhoise advertised, its murdered-man buried in the court, and its chains clanking at midnight, is in every particular s ghost story suited to modern times;. and, indeed, it is little more than an amplification of the lying tale invented by the roguish slave Tranio in Phlitnus, in which we detect the original of Ben Jonmon's Alchemist.-Edinburgh Cabinet Libray; No. 29. Italy and tile Ilalian Islands, Vtol. 1. 