English Extracts. he Decdh of M. Niemcemiçz.-The Journal dfs pla Deba's ann unois that Poland has just lo»t one of ils mest d'si illiibtiious aud tr.ed citizens, in the person of Julien U>-in allcj Niemcewicz. a venerable old man, 84 years of age J r m i his youth, be wa« distinguished for his piog-e-s in liteia.uie ",-' Ile waa one of ihe must eminent imnci.s of the p.rea1 ?".*«' Cons'iiuent Diet of 1791. Aide-de-camp of Kosciusko i-3 wounded and captured hy his s'de, he suffered a long con- r~" finement in the dungpons of Si. Pelersbiira. Having been All set at liberty at the accession of the Emperor Paul, be emigrated to America with Knsciusko, the otd companion in *"tr am.s of Washington, who granted (hose exiles an huuourab'e u. hospitality. Though a cultivator and American cùteen, be \ylx hastened, in 1807, lo serve his native couniry, for whom B ¡IIK( new'eia had commenced, and whose vicissitudes fiom Ilia 'j«rll period he constantly shared. As sccrct,oy and member of . g venate, member of the Council of Public Imiiurtion, _ President of the Society of the Friends ol'the Sciences and latterly appointed to a mission to England in 1831, he was incessantly devoled to his country, ¡lis li'erary woila in /-v prose and verse were a continual echo of the event»; which ^ occurred in Poland, and io which he had peiformed so dis- ^ tinguished a part. wj Death of Sir Wilmot Horton.-' We regret on j, to announce the decease of the Right Hon. S'u Hohen by ' Wilmot Horton, Bart., which took place yesltrday afternoon 51 at Sudbrook Park. Sir Robert had been for soma time in .1 ? very precaiious stale of health, bul his medical attendants had not anticipated so early a termination of his ii ness. Wnen actively engaged inpulilic life. Sir Ruben's chief endeavours were directed lo relieve the disties«es of he labouring classes by means of emigration ; indeed, he wa« « the first person who called public' attention lo the happy A t fleets that might be produced throtwhout the over-populated ' parts of Ibe empire, by enabling the poor to seek in our co- Ssuo lonies Hut market for their industry which could no longei Tb° be provided at home. Sir Robert,s name will long be remembered in the colony of Ceylon (the govemment of which he administered for the period of six years), as the reformer of numerous abuses, and the patron of every improvement which seemed adapted to the wants of the colony.—Chronicle. Longevity.—William Monro, farmer, near Urquhart, in Inverness-shire, died on Thursday week, at the extraordinary age of 101. He had a distinct recollection of the rebellion of 1746 ; and used to mention an incident well calculated to take firm hold of the memory of a child. Residing at that time with his parents in the neighbourhood of Culloden House, he had received from the Lady of Culloden as a present, a goose's egg, which was taken from him by the hungry soldiers. The seisure of a treasure so valuable in his eyes, made an impression on his mind, which the lapse of almost a century failed to eradicate. He spoke also of seeing the soldiers, as they passed the farmyards, practising thir musketry upon the poultry— a probable evidence of the abundance of ammunition and the scarcity of provisions He was, of course too young to have a definite remembrance of any circumstances but such as were personal to himself. He was a man of intelligence and piety, and with the excep tion of his hearing, retained, his faculties in considerable vi- gour up to the time of his death: No Compromise with the Tories.—Mr. Feargus O'Connor, through the medium of his paper, the Northern Star, thus addresses the Chartlists:—"I was shocked and horror struck to hear the very mention of a compromise, at the meeting held last week at the Crown and Anchor, and my principal reason for writing now is, to enter my protest, upon my own part, against such a course. And then, I am told that tb¿ Tories will set me free, (¡mid . ? Heaven! my limbsthough strong, would refuse their office ., when told tiiey owed their liberty to my country's greatest ,, , oppiessor. What I be allowed to walk abroad and say. he ', owes his freedom to the Tamworth baronet 11-the man <>. «Those name stands second only to that of Cast erea^h in ^ 'he bloody book of Ireland's sad cat «loelia of mu bril ? oppression! Who has gone ftulher to set Catholic »¡¡ansí .. Proleílanl, and Orangemen against native lr;sh, til .in Mr ..',"' Robert Peel t Noone. And am I lo walk ubio.id as 11 " living monument of gratrude to bim far Hie po«.ses-ion' of " , ilia- Iibei ty of which tie lias lobbed my counliy : N ,, no; .', . never never, n»vei ! I'irsi p-risb O'Connor! Tins cum- ? promise h-is aedrd my doom for ihe remainder of my dr.-a y '? imprisonment! Fur, by the ghost of many a inurdeit-d " lii.lim n, and by my eumur«,'s wrongs, 1 swe.ir, that if an order foi my liberalen come lo morrow from a To.y Uover- I ^'J'' mein, 1 will n> t leave my dungeon." I «-' Major Malcolm, oí the third light.dragoons, j ^ is to accompany Col. Sir Heriiy Pottinger to China as his I ' official «»»¡«tant, I . Departure of the Lord Lieutenant for Devonshire-An express ai rived yesterday forenoon from Castlehill,, Devunslnie, the seal of the Earl of Fortescue, nienliuniiiK tint Ins loidsbitr was suddenly reduced by illness to a slate of great debility-so much so as deeply to alarm his n ble family for the result. The last accounts received to day are somewhat more favourable, but lillie hopes are entered of.the venerable Karl's recovery. Lord Ebringion has applied to the Queen for permi-sion in leave his Govern- ment .for a while; und when her Majesty's letter is recived -say about Friday or Saturday - the Louis .Iust'ces will be sworn in, and Ins Excellency will hasten lo Devonshire. -Dublin Evening Post of Tuesday. The King of Denmark has pardoned a man who in 1KI12 was condemned to (.¡erpeiual imprisonment for having stolen from ihe Uvoal Museum two precious vases in solid gold. The prisoner is now in his 83d year. The limperor of ftussia distinguished the day of his son's um Hage by di charging the-dtbts of-i5 pri- soners, winch umuunted to 30,00'' silver roubles. Glasgow. - We regret to learn that s-nne of the cotton-spinners in Glasgow and neighbourhood are in a few days to commence working short lime.-Glasgow Constitutional. Rr-ur-Admiral Elliot (the brother of Lord Min'ojis to beihenow Lord Commissioner of (he Admiralty in the place of Sir William Pa.1er, who is aboui to leave ihis country lo take the command of the Untish fleet in China. Failure 'it Glasgow.-We regret to announce the faillir.- of the extensive ccinmercial house of Grant & Co. of Glascow; iluir liabilities are said lo ?mioiiut to £180 000, and ii is feared ihe effect will be fell by inauy other houses. 