The LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-Emigiiation. A second adjournment of our irresponsible Law Manufactory, has taken place for about three weeks, in order to allow of time for reports to be made, I on three most important subjects on Emigration, -the amended Insolvent Law, and the constitution of Joint Stock Companies : the work which has been turned out, during the time the Council has sat, is of rather a curious pattern, but pretty much of the old fabric, the salaries have been noted, at the rate of 16 knots an hour ; numerous blunders have been botched up, two acts have been resolutely persisted in, contrary to the opinion of one of the Judges, and two or three trifling measures have been adopted, leaving, till the last moment, two, at all events, of the most important matters, which any Legislature, is responsible or otherwise, can be called upon to consider and decide upon. Let us look at the Emigration question first. Of a verity the Colony is placed in a curious position. Ship-load after ship- load of Crown Prisoners is pouring into the country, for the employment of whom a "system" has been invented, which, excluding such benefits, as were attached to the old plan the good old plan, the simple rule, of making convict labour generally serviceable, comprises every possible absurdity, included in the comprehensive title "Prison Discipline." Is there a single human being man, woman, or child, except- ing always that glorious land of literary sucklings, the Dominion small texts of Mr. Elliston's pure morality concern- that does not shout with derision, when it hears the scorn-provoking words probation party, admiringly lisped forth by a petty Constable? why, the little boys and girls, as they play in the public streets will have their joke and their jibe at this penal science humbug, happily ignorant, in their young innocence, of the horrors and privations to which its miserable victims are exposed. To return to Emigration : is labour wanted, and if so, of what description? We hear, that, in the farming districts labour is wanted and that if it be not adequately supplied, the forthcoming harvest will be deteriorated in consequence. On the other hand, we learn, that there are many persons, of some indeed we know ourselves, who are wanting work, and ready to be employed. Assuming however, that the Agri- culturalists require labourers, this will bring cheques tion of Emigration to apparently a very simple issue, the providing of Farm servants; and, by ascertain wg the number required, than which nothing could he less difficult, it would then have to be determined, in what manner they could be best supplied. And here rests the difficulty. The records of Emigration, at least to this Colony, will show that, under the systems already in use, good farm servants are the smallest class imported : it is not the agricultural, but manufacturing labourers, that are most wretched in Britain, and it needs no ghost from the grave to tell us, that they are not the class we want fire. Thus under the present system, there are many objections to the introduction of ready-made families a man and his wife, " without any incum France" are highly in request, but these again do not abound in our Emigration cargoes, which, as far as they have gone, have been composed of individuals, the least possible calculated for the wants of the Colonists. j I Emigration, to be decidedly advantageous, must be conducted upon a fixed principle, and directed to a specific purpose : above all must every ences gagement be given by the Government to the promotion of the useful arts and manufactures. The formation of a peasantry, by the letting out of the Crown Lands, for a certain period, at a reasonable rate, little more in fact than an improving lease, with a power of purchase at the end of the term, would eventually, and at no long distance, produce a most essential benefit to the whole Colony by this plan an inducement to emigrate would be constituted, which would tend, almost immediately, to advantages of no common character there would resume certainty, then that, in the prophetic words of Sir John Franklin, this Colony would become the granary of the Australian territories, while industry would be encouraged, and comfort and happiness be extended in a ratio, proportionate to their importance. But the great, perhaps the only real obstacle to this or any other general measure of utilitarianism, is the greedy capacity with which the Home Government clings to the Land Fund, inspecting the appropriation of which they have disgracefully broken faith with the Colonists. What- ever might have been Lord Goderich sincere intention, regarding the ultimate application of the Fund, the bargain was, that it should be expended solely and entirely in the promotion of Emigration : this was the stipulation :-" You must buy the Government land, henceforth ; but, we promise, that the money so expended shall be applied to the introduc- tion of labourers, to till and cultivate such land, as well as to the importation of free Emigrants, generally." It is needless to point out how shamefully this compact, for compact it was, has been broken, while large sums have been paid for land,'Emigra tion has been at a stand still, or but so limited, as to be nearly valueless. A large amount has been voted, by a specific order from the Autocrat at home, to pay for our Police and Jails; and if we are not very much mistaken, a considerable slice will be carved out of the cake, by and by, to defray a portion, if not the whole of the expences of the abominable and worse than useless Probation Gangs. Of course. there will be "protests" enough by the " Independent Members," against such an abomination but, what of that the money will be voted, and of course paid. We do not pretend to know what may be the views of the Committee, appointed by the Lieutenant Governor to enquire into the circumstances connected with this important question : several witnesses have been examined, both masters and servants and, to render the sources of information more complete, an Honourable Member Mr. Ashburner, has volunteered to collect evidence, on the other side of the Island, previously to the re-assembling of the Council, at the latter end of the month. There has been certainly, an amazing quantity of talk about this same Emigration and the Government has shown its earnestness in the matter by appointing an Agent, with a very handsome salary, and numerous officers, " health" and otherwise, at stipends somewhat considerable, so for so good, we mean for the fortunate office-holders, for, whatever is to be the ultimate result of any public measure, our old enemy, Monster Patronage" is sum running in A», V,30 c&th; vicar ( wHöt^^Äarw'o^rvf - next?) have furnished the Old Gentleman with some very crumbly and comfortable pickings. For our own part, we look upon Emigration with no very sanguine hopes, as to its advantages : we are fully aware, that the suspension (we use this word ad- vised) of the Assignment system, has occasioned all this bother on the subject ; but there is one very material and important consideration to be attended to, the means, namely, of paying for this legion of labourers, which is about to be imported, to the extent of some ten thousands worth. That there are some gigantic flock owners, and agriculturists, who can count their acres by thousands and tens of thousands, who require labourers, and who will gladly engage them at any price, we readily admit ; but, that the community at large require a superfluity of Emigrants, we much doubt at all events, unless the Government adopt some rational method, eventually beneficial to master and servant, the result of their Emigration will be the encumbering the Colony, struggling as it is with its numerous difficulties, with a host of idle and useless paupers. On reference to the other important measure, now under the consideration of a Committee of the Council, namely, the amended Insolvent Law, we we have in this number published part of the evidence, which, in our opinion, is somewhat meagre and unsatisfactory. We shall, however, examine it more carefully, and offer such remarks upon it, in our next, as we may deem advisable. the " J Wvo* 