THE OLD GAOL. As SOLILOQUV. Sa d monument of human depravity, I hail thy fall ! Thou art. dismantled, thy chevaux- de-frise is east down, and shall come forth from the furnace as instruments of peace- ful agriculture.. TJM'nc ochred walls arc levelled with the ground to he rebuilt in some quiet habitation. Thy condemned cells are migrated, and thy donatories admit the light of heaven. Thy manacled ones are unfettered,, and every living limb within1 thy precincts, is. free- The gaoler no longer turns the key upon the culprit for the last time ; the sentry no longer paces and wears away the stones of thy platform; and the executioner shall no more attend with the fatal noose. Thine accustomed sounds Itave died within thee. No imprecations, nor ribald laugh by day ; no stifled sigh, nor stertorous dreaming, nor hurried prayer, nor clank of fetters by night. The pass word at the gate, the ring of arms, the rattling of keys, the shoot of 'the final death bolt are no more. How many, blasphemies have arisen from- these courts, how many romances of life have here been terminated, how many tragedies have been recounted, how many deeds of guilt confessed, how many agonising supplica tions sent up ; hut they arc no more. Ten thousand culprits have passed, and repassed thy portals, and wliere are they ? hundreds and thousands have here suffered execution, and where are they ? and thou too; art perishing. Man and his works vanish. But a lesson lies in thy dust, let me hear thy warning and thy confession. As the southern breeze sweeps over the ruins, I see the congregated atoms rising into spec tral forms y and I hear the hollow moaning of the departed. Speak ! for men will listen, ye are fraught with the wisdom of another world, ye are returned from the dead. Say what demon first turned your steps to this fatal inclosure; and made it the termination, of liberty and life-. Hark 1; I catch the sound's of Ignorance — Pride — Oppression — Want — Deism ; these arc the faint whispers of a few.. But why arc the thousand silent ? — tell me, thou, benevolent F— , guilty and unfortunate ghost!' The storm is rising, thy lips are moving;, the echo of thy word's peals on tlie blast, and the thousand join, with you in. the one word, Intemi'erance,. O that? your se pulchral sounds could pierce the hearts of the priests of intemperance-,, and your gaunt forms could hang upon the- shrouds of the death-freighted ships,, and' that you ould make yourselves heard in tlie Legisla tive Council'. What say you more ?; " Warn the living that they follownot our course and aome hot to ourend ?" Of what then shall I, warn- them ? " Of Intemperance." But is there no further wisdom , to he learned fromtlie unseen world ? " Yes, tell the peo ple to bind the agencies of Intemperance, and they will have sin ail occasion, to fetter and to execute men." n 