ss OB T a v. OLD BACHELORS. (From La Belle Assemble ) They are wanderers, and mm beers never at home, Making sure of a welcome wherever they roam. And every one knows that the Bachelor's din Is a room set apart for these singular men A nook in the clouds, of perhaps five feet by four, Though sometimes, purchasers, it may be rather more, With skylight, or no light, ghosts, goblins, and gloom, And everywhere turned, " The Bachelor's Room." These creatures, they say, are not valued at all, Except when the herd gave a Bachelor's ball ; Then, dress in their best, in later gold broidered vest, Mrs known as a fact, that they act with such tact. And they lisp out " lion- do?" and they coo and they are; And they smile far awhile, their guests to beguile ; Condescending and bending, for fear of offending ; Though inert, they exert to be pert and to flirt; And they turn and they twist, and they e'en play at whist; And they whirl and they twirl, and they whisky and are brisk; And they whiz and they quiz, and they say with their eye ; And they sigh as they By For they meet to be sweet, and fleet on their feet ; Advancing and glancing, and dancing and prancing ; And bumping au J jumping, and stumping and thumping- ; Sounding and bounding, around and around ; Hiding and gliding, with minuet pace ; Pirouetting and setting with infinite grace. They Uko dashing and flushing, lashing and splashing. And racing and chasing, and pricing and facing ; They are frittering and glittering, gallant and gay, Yarding all morning, and lounging all day ; Love living in London-life loitering away At the Club and at Crockford's, the Park and the Play. But when the Bachelor boy grows old, And these butterfly days are past When threescore yeursïtbeir tale have told, He then repents of his. When he becomes an odd old man, With no warmer friend than a warming pan ! life is (directly, fretful and weary-in fine, Loves self and his band, and his dinner and wine; And he rules and he prates, and he rends the debates, Abuses the world and the woman he hates ; And is proving and dozing, and coming all day ; And shoring and boring, and roaring away. And he's stuffy and puffy, and buffy and stuffy. And musty and fusty, and rusty and crusty, Sneezing and wheezing, and benzine and freezing, \- And grumbling und fumbling, and scrambling and fumbling, Falling and brawling, and spraying and crawling, And withering and gathering, and quivering and shivering Woking und aching, and quaking and shaking, Ailing and failing and always bewailing ; Dreary and weary, and nothing that's cheery j Groaning and moaning, his selfishness evening And sighing and crying, when lying and dying, Grieving and heaving, though nought is he leaving, But wealth, and ill health, and his self and his self, Then he sends for a doctor to cure or to kill, Who gives him offence. as well as a pill, fly dropping a hint about making his will And as fretful antiquity cannot be mended, The lonely life of the Bachelor's ended. Nobody mourns him, and nobody sighs Nobody misses him-nobody cries, For nobody grieves when the Bachelor dies. 