THE COURIER. attache at showers. HOBART TOWN TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16. WE have already alluded, en passant, to the project shortly to be carried into effect, of consigning- the charge of our Hospitals to a detachment of Regimental Surgeons, to be imported from England; and we now recur to the subject, in order that the fullest attention may be given to a measure from which, it is seriously to be apprehended, consequences materially injurious to the interests of the colony may flow. We know not with whom it emanated whether with our present chief of the hospitals or his predecessor, or from heads of far greater capacity than either : but be it from whom it may, it is at least an example of the truth of the adage, nemo mortalium omnibus horis sapit and as we trust to be enabled to show the evils and disadvantages which must inevitably attend upon such an arrangement, it may probably not be thought infra, dig. to retrace the mistaken path. It is proposed that six army surgeons should be forwarded from England to take charge of the hospitals throughout the colony. In the first place, let us see what sort of persons these are likely to be. They must be selected from those on half-pay. Will any of this class, who are independent of professional income, leave their otium 'cum dignitate in comfortable England, to breathe again the odours of an hospital ; or once more burden themselves with the onerous and anxious duties of their profession and in Van Diemen's Land too? Not very likely. Will any who are desirous of income and reputation, abandon the prospects which Europe holds out to a man of even ordinary professional talent, to enter upon the un- certain adventure of a trip to a penal colony, prompted only by the meagre salary of an Assistant-Surgeon p Equally unlikely. What interesting variety are we then to be favored with P Simply the privilege is reserved to us of selecting from one or other, or both of the remain- ing classes : either those who, from conspicuous inefficiency in their profession, are unable to procure em- ployment though most anxiously seeking it for necessity sake, but who are compelled to beguile their leisure without dignity, in the best way they may, amongst the economical restaurants of London or those who, having pretty well outlived their faculties, either from some crotchet peculiar to the age of imbecility, or from the pressure of straitened means which their old age happens unfortunately to be afflicted with, are glad enough to go pottering over the ars medicaments again in a colonial appointment, for the sake of the full pay it so unexpectedly restores them to. Have we not, had specimens of the staff surgeons selected for us ? And do they not bear out the correctness of these views P But even supposing it possible that active and well-qualified regimental surgeons were to be sent out-even these, we maintain, would be in a manner unsuited for the duties required of the officers in charge of our hospitals. The medical practice which their experience, as connected solely with the t army, has alone rendered them familiar with, would he altogether insufficient for the demands of a community composed of both sexes, all ages, and every variety of habit. What, generally, knows the army surgeon of the diseases of women and children ? Is he, with his necessarily superficial acquaintance with these branches of his profession, qualified to direct, and himself profession- ally officiate, in an hospital where these are received And, also, to how many varieties of disease are not men exposed in mixed society, which rarely present themselves in the practice of a military surgeon, rendering his experience of them proportion- ally shallow ? It is preposterous it would be a grievous wrong to the community-to engraft such incongruous members upon its institutions. Such are the more conspicuous objections to the introduction of this class of medical men, so far as they themselves are connected with the practical duties they would professionally have to perform. Let us next trace the fatal consequences with which their importation cannot fail to remarked in other important respects. The college-the yet embryo college which is one day to shed its intellectual light throughout the colony, and whose genial influence it is hoped will be felt even in the remotest recesses of the country-this valuable institution, as it will unquestionably ultimately prove is contemplated to provide, amongst other professional education, that which is necessary for the medical student and indeed it would appear that this is even a prominent object in view, one of the most frequently urged recommendations of New Norfolk as its site, being the vicinity of the hos- pital for the benefit of the medical class. Now let the reader imagine one of either of the varieties of surgeons we have mentioned being in charge of this at the time when the eager student from the college seeks the practical illustration and experience so in- dispensable to his successful progress. The inefficient officer, with all the evils of his superficial, erroneous information-the superannuated, with his forgetful nesS, uncertainty, and ignorance of all around him or last, and least in point of evil, the tolerably good army surgeon, but with his incomplete experience What could be gained from these towards the accomplishment of anything like a medical education ? This officer too would, ex officio, probably be regarded as being entitled to the medical chair and as, under the proposed arrangement, he would be of the kind we describe-a rare race of "scullers of simples," and learned in the disjecta membra-would truly distinguish the college of Van Diemen's Land. But we will even suppose the difficulties with reference to the education overcome, and those "children of the soil" who have rendered themselves perfectly qualified, are ready to embark on their professional career Where are they to look for an encouraging prospect ? Have they been cheered in the anxious prosecution of their studies by the hope that they would attain, at the first suitable opportunity, a public appointment, which, while it conferred a certain income would be a voucher to the public of their com- petency ? No ; strangers fill these posts. The, stimulus, the reward, are alike lost to them, and the' uncertain success of merely private practice is all that is left ; its risks in no small degree augmented by the same unnatural cause. But the supposition of these circumstances is altogether vain for the fatal influence would be felt in the outset, not in the sequel : no one would venture to commence the study of a profession where it was obstructed by the serious disadvantages we have alluded to. Thus the medical portion of the college prospectus had better be at once expunged j for so surely as the hospital appointments are shut out from the local medical talent, so surely will there be no necessity for such a class. Far rather let us say -"AH superfluous branches We lop away, that bearing boughs may 11 we." For plentiful we are justified in believing the " bearing boughs" will be, and of the country's growth ; which may commendably be estimated as constituting a claim to our first regard-especially when borne out by the consideration that they have also, by their local experience and education, a special adaptation to the circumstances of the community which is to aid and be aided by them. OTHER resorts failing, the Colonial Times of Tuesday last has tried the old ADVERTISEMENT hoax over again, as a means of kindling a sympathy in its favour; and the last attempt having missed fire, even with the precaution of heading it " Advertisement," in large type, the present is not only so designated, but, as an extra bait to incredulity, is stated to have been actually paid for a in other words, is not gratuitous. But, alas ! such extreme solicitude bespeaks the misgiving with which the second endeavour is ushered before the public view; its godfathers and godmothers might well apprehend that' such a superfluity of cunning would out-diddle itself. Beyond these natural tokens of distrust there is little to distinguish it from its precursor, being the same mendi- cant solicitation to the respectable emancipists to espouse their cause, with an additional spice of assurance for having broken down in an entreaty of the same nature when their pretensions were even less object than at present, surely it is but lost labour to renew the effort endeavors auspices. The respectable emancipists do M need to be told, that to preserve the esteem they have learned, and to keep united with the general social compact in which they are at present bound up, they will refrain from stepping out of its ranks to enlist in this forlorn hope. Mr. John Macdougall says he is not the individual who figured in the philosophical chair. If he be not, how came he, upon our bare reference to Beck's anecdote, without a syllable to couple him with it, at once to fit the cap on his own head and indict for injured character ? And whirligig or no whirligig, what claim has Mr. John Macdougall to kindle social strife in Van Diemen's Land? His proclamation tells of breaks in the Sister colony, which he thinks this Island would do well to imitate. He may pipe a long while, however, before the Tasmanians will dance to such a tune ; they prefer peace to discord and if this disposition should change, will assuredly choose a Spite of contention better worth the picking than Mr. John Macdougall's broken down libel case. The voice of the late jury is as the voice of the multitude on this occasion and the Times will gain no converts to its assertion that the jury out of the jury-box have disowned their professions in the jury-box. One other new characteristic in the proclamation, which, though a most imposing one, we had nearly overlooked, is the scholastic termination-" Honi ton qui mal y pense," designed for such ductile readers as, beholding the delusion of that part of the hand- bill vouchsafed in their mother tongue, might yet attach some moral weight to an invocation from the dead languages ! We would have suggested " Pro- pria quat manners" as a mere moving appeal : but tastes differ and we must go on to notice other de- clamation in the Times fit, to awake the ghosts of POTT and SLIJRK from the grave. We are denounced as fiends and demons for publishing the particulars of the late libel trial speculation, whereby Mr. John Macdougall only mildly endeavoured to put us through a course of fine and imprisonment for certain remarks in our paper which he admits a knowledge were, not ours (vide Colonial Times, Oct. 20,) reflecting upon some personage who went through certain evobVt!«-7 which he declares was not be followed up by the in- conceivable wickedness of touching upon a subject of such sacred privacy as the waylaying assaulting, are. battering a gentleman upon the Queen's high road. In imitation of the Times, whose must refer to classical authority to assist us in these straits, and we desire to suit or fall upon the beautiful moral apostrophe, " verbum personate concordat cum none nation," &c.; 