? We most defer our general notice of Bulvxr'p '' Kiena, the Last of the Tribunes," llntil next week,—in consequence of the criminal trials occupying'so much of our back page space; We will, however, find room for the following: . " The Conspirator becomes the Magis- TRATe—At midnight, when the rest of the city seemed huslled in rest; lights were streaming from the windows of the Church of Stf Angelo. Break, ing from its echoing aisles, the I ting and solemn nbtes of sacred music stole at frequent intervals upon the air. Bienzi was praying within the church (.thirty masses consumed thfe hours from night till morn, and all the sanction of religion was invoked to consecrate the enterprise of liberty. The sun had long risen, and the crowd had been long assembled before the cliurfch doorj and in vast streams along every street that led to it, when the bell of the church tolled out long and merrily • and as it ceased, the voices of the choristers within chanted the following hymri,—in which were somewhat strikingly, though barborously, blended, the spirit of the classic patriotism with the fervour of religious zeal:— THE HOMAK HYMN OF LIBERTY. Let the mountains exult around! On lier sevcn-hill'd throne renown'd, Once more old Rome is crown'd Jubilate 1 Sing out, O Vale and Wave! Look up from each laurell'd grave, Bright dust of the deathless brave! Jubilate t 1 Pale Vision, what art thou ? ho, From Time's dark deeps, . Like a Wind It sweeps, Like a Wind, when the tempests blow: A shadowy form—as a giant ghost It stands in the midst of the armed host 1 The dead man's shroud on It6 awful limbs; And the gloom of its presence the day- light dims: And the trembling world looks on aghast All hail to the Socl or the mighty Past ! Hail 1 all hail 1 As we speak—as we hallow 1—It moves, It breathes From its clouded crest bud the laurel wreaths As a Sun that leaps up from the arms of Night, The shadow takes shape, and the gloom takes light. Hail 1 all hail! The Soul of the Past, again To its ancient home, In the hearts of Rome, Hath come to resume Its reign ! O Fame, with a prophet's vo:'ce. Bid the ends of the Earth rejoice! Wherever the Proud are Strong, And Right is uppress'd by Wrong;— Wherever the day dim-shines Through the cell where the captive pines j Go forth, with a trumpet's sound! And tell to the Nations round On the Hills which the Heroes trod In the Shrines of the Saints of God In the Cresars' hall, and the Martyrs' prison- That the slumber is broke, and the Sleeper arisen ! That the reign of the Goth and the Vandal is o'er; And Earth feels the tread of The Roma Nonce more! As the hymn ended, the gate of the church opened ; the crowd gave way on either side, and precoded by three of the young nobles of the inferior order, bearing standards of allegorical design depicting the triumph of Liberty, Justice, and Concord, forth issued Kienzi, clad in complete armour, the helmet alone excepted. His face was pale with watching and intense excitement—but sti rn, grave, and solemnly composed ; and its expression so repelled any vociferous and vulgar burst of feeling, that those who beheld it hushed the shout on their lips, and stilled, by a simultaneous cry of reproof, the gratulations of the crowd behind. Side hy side, with Rienzi, moved Haimond, Bishop .of Orvietto ; and behind, inarching two by two, •followed a hundred men-at-arms. In complete silence the procession began its way, until, as it approached the capitol, the awe of the Crowd gradually vanished, and thousands upon thousands of voices rent the air with shouts of exultation and joy- Arrived at the foot of the great staircase, which then made the principal ascent to the square of the Capitol, the procession halted ; and as the crowd filled up that vast space in front—adorned and hallowed by many of the most majestic columns of the temples of old—llienzi addressed the Populace, whom he had suddenly elevated into a People. He depicted forcibly the servitude and misery of the people—the utter absence of all law—the want even of common security tn life and property. He declared that, undaunted by the peril he incurred, lie dovoted his life to the regeneration of their common euuntry ; and he solemnly appealed to the people to assist the enterprise, and at once to sanction and consolidate the devolution by an established code of law and a Constitutional Assembly. He then ordered the chart and outline of the Con stitution be proposed to be read by the Herald to the multitude. It created, or rather revived,—with new privileges and powers,—a Representative Assembly of Councillors. It proclaimed, as its first law, oue that seems simple enough to our happier times, but hitherto never executed at Rome:—Every wilful homicide, of whatever rank, was to be punished by death. It enacted, that no private noble or citizen should be suffered to maintain fortifications and garrisons in the city or the country; that the gates and bridges of the State s'lould be under the control of whomsoever should be elected Chief Magistrate. It forbade all harbour of brigands, mercenaries, and robbers, on penalty of a thousand marks of silver ; and it made the Barons who possessed the neighbouring territories responsible for the safety of the roads, aud the transport of merchandize. It took under the protection of the State the widow and the orphan. It appointed, in each of'the quarters of the citv, an armed militia, whom the tolling of the hell o{ the capitol, at any hour, was to assemble to the protection of the State. It ordained that in each harbour of the coast, a vessel should be stationed, for the safeguard of commerce. It decreed the sum of one hundred florins to the heirs of every man who died in the defence of Rome; and it devoted the public revenues to the service and protection of the State. Such, moderate, at once, and effectual, was the outline of the New Constitution ; and it may amuse the reader to consider how great must have been the previous disorders of the city, when the common and elementary provisions of civilization and security made the character of the code proposed, and the limit of a popular revolution. The most rapturous shouts followed this sketch of the New Constitution; and, amidst the clamour, up rose the huge form of Cecco del Vecchio. Despite his condition, he was a man of great importance at the present crisis: his zeal and his courage, and perhaps, still more; his brute passion, and stubborn prejudice, had made him popular. The lower order of mechanics looked to him as their head and representative; out then he spake loud and fearlessly—speaking well, because his mind was foil of what he had to say. «Countrymen and Citizens!—This New Constitution meets with your approbation—so it ought. But what are good laws, if we do not have good men to execute them ? Who can execute a law so •well as the man who designs it? If you ask me to •rive you a notion how to make a good shield, and my notion pleases you, would you not ask me, or another smith, to make it for you? If jou ask another, he may make a good shield, but it would not tie the 6ame as that which I should have made, mod the description of which contented you. Cola -<li Biensi has proposed a Code of Law that shall be our shield. Who should see that the shield be- \- come what he proposes, but Cola di Bienzi ? Ro iiansl I suggest that Cola di Bienei he entrusted by the people with the authority, by whatsoever name lie pleases, of carrying die New Constitution into effect;—and whatever be,the means) we, the People will bear him harmless.' 'Long life to Bienzi!—lonsj live Cecco Vecchio! He hath.spoken well I—none hut the Law-maker shall be the Governor 1' Such were the acclamations which' greeted the ambitious heart of the Scholar'. The voice of the people invested him with the supreme powlir. He had created a Commonwealth—t(j become, if he desired it, a Despot!" 