THE INSOLVENT BILL. WE have now given a thorough and care for reading to the " Bill for giving relief to Insolvent persons, and providing for the due collection, administration, and distribution of Insolvent Estates, within the Colony of New South Wales, and for the prevention of frauds effecting the same." As far as we can understand it, it appears to us to be on the whole an exceedingly judicious measure, embodying those im- mutable principles of justice between man and man, by which alone the relative obligations of debtor and creditor can be ascertained and determined. When we qualify our suffrage with the remark, "as far as we can understand ii," wereferto the technicalities oflawlauguage. This language is one of the barbarous re- lics of a barbarous age. It is full five hundred years behind the mark of modern civilization. Stiff, quaint, involved, inverted, bombastic/tautological, it is one of the worst imaginable vehicles in which thought can be conveyed from mind to mind. It darkens where it should enlighten obscures where it should illustrate perplexes where it should direct. . Of the name of language, indeed, it is not deserving for it is a villanous perversion of the "pure English undefiled," in which British subjects are accustomed to conduct the business and the social intercourse of life. It is the slang of a sect-the jargon of a trade. Lawyers have a sordid interest in keeping it up, for to the mass of mankind it makes them seem wise and learned above what is written. It is in keeping with the pantomime of was a part of that system of nonsense and affectation in which the learned professions, in olden times, delighted to enfold themselves ; of which the growing intelligence of society is, however, becoming heartily ashamed ; but to which lawyers cling with a preposterous obstinacy peculiar to their order." The bill now before us, distended to a hundred and four clauses, occupying j thirty-three pages of foolscap, is in about the ratio of a peck of chaff to a pint of wheat. Let any man accustomed to com- position Take it in hand, and, by a course of critical winnowing and sifting, separate the sense from the rubbish, gathering the one into the garage of a neatly worded code, and leaving the other, " nowhere aloft," to " Fly o'er the back side of the world far off Into a limbo large and broad, since called The Paradise of "Fools ;" and he would reduce the whole to a few perspicuous paragraphs, over which the eye would glide with pleasure, and of which it would cost the understanding but a small effort to take in the whole scope and import. However, we must deal with the thing as we find it, and " through the palpable obscure," endeavour to "find out our uncouth way." Until within late years, the English law of debtor and creditor was founded upon the old feudal principle of lord and vassal, which invested the rights of the landlord with an inviolable sanctity, and, as a consequence, enforced the obligations of the tenant with a rigour from which all considerations of mercy were absolutely excluded. Not content with giving reasonable support to the creditor's demand, "Pay me that thou seest," the law, pointing to the noisome dungeon, thundered in the debtor's ears, " Thou shalt not come out thence until thou hast paid the uttermost farthing." With a sternness more befitting fiends than human beings, it shut its eyes to every thing but the one abstract fact, that there was an unsatisfied j debt. Whether non-payment was the result of moral dereliction or of physical necessity, the law disdained to enquire or to care. Whether the creditor was extortionate, or simply just-whether the debtor was a rogue to be branded, for a victim to be pitied whether the claims of the one and the obligations of the other demanded the iron rod of penal justice, or required the interposition of the golden sceptre of mercy it was beneath the majesty of the law to consider for a single moment. All its investigations, alter its reasonings, all its philosophy, all its solicitude, were directed to the one dry point, " Is the debt owing ?" and when once it had arrived at the affirmative, there remained in the whole compass of its resources nothing but the simple dictum, " The debt must and shall be paid." tailing obedience to its fiat, albeit as impracticable as to pluck the sun from the heavens, the non-paying debtor must be cast into prison, there to pine and languish until he should either have paid the uttermost farthing, or have given up the ghost. Thanks to the progress of sound philosophy, and of the humanizing influences of Christianity, this diabolical severity no longer disgraces British jurisprudence. The law now recognises the proposition that insolvency and delinquency are not always convertible terms, and that justice, not less than mercy, will sometimes be more effectually upheld by the extinction of the debt, than by the incarceration of the debtor. In our next article, we shall enquire how far this principle has been adhered to in the framing of the Insolvent Bill now pending. 