EESIE CAMPBELL, AN ABERDEENSHIRE TALE. " I dinna think that I'll let ye gang to the hills the day," said the wife of John Campbell to her daughter Eesie, as the latter was hurriedly con- cluding the dairy-work of the morning, in order to bestow her customary attendance on her father's sheep. " But I maun gang, mither," replied Eesie ; " it's folly o'ye to speak that way, when ye ken it's speanin'- time, and the ewes are aye far doun to kepp the lambs gin this time o' day." "I'll sen' Andrew to them, lassie; I canna think o' you gaun, after what I've' suffer't for ye the nicht !" — and the matron's frame shook as she spoke with all the violence of an hysterical fit. " What said ye, mither ?— suffer't for me ? For gude's cause, tell me hoo !'' "Oh, lassie, I've thocht ye unco alter't an' fey- like this while ! Ye use't to come doun the glen i' the gloamin' singin' as merrily as the mavis ; but noo ye steal hame as quiet and dowily as a ghaist, an' we never ken o' your comin' till ye're close by the hearth-stane.' " Gae, mither ; wad yd hae me as deavesome an thochtless as whan I was a bairn ?" "Ye're but a bairn yet, Eessie ; its nae length o'days that's alter't the lichtness o' yer heart. Many a nicht ha'e I beseech't the Almighty that nae ill might befa' ye whan ye was beyon' the care o' a mither s e'e. But yestreen — Oh, lassie, siccan dreams as I had !" "Noo, mither, gin ye be among yer dreams again –– " " Haud yer peace, Eesie ; though ye're the ae puir lamb o' my bosom, an' maybe had mair o' your ain will than was gude for ye, I winna let ye speak lichtlifu' o' what's affeckit me sae sair." Eesie stood for a while, gazing into the swim- ming eyes of her mother, with parted lips, and cheeks dyed with the flush of anxiety and fear. At last, with a shudder she cast down the little bundle that contained her dinner, and throwing her arms round her mother's neck, protested with tears that she would never again insist on doing aught contrary to the peace of one who so dearly loved her. There was not in the wide valley of Glentanner, nor in all its neighbouring dales, a maiden whose delicate beauty could be at all compared with that of Eesie Campbell. I have seen her portrait, taken in her sixteenth year, by an itinerant limner, who in all probability was unqualified to treat such a subject with justice ; yet that delicious picture was perhaps equal to the most accom- plished artist's conceptions of earthly loveliness. With the rich expression of the bright blue eyes, and exquisitely formed mouth, was mingled a large portion of archness, and a little self-will ; but no one could look on the combined beauties of that likeness without being suddenly convinced that the original must have been a creature in whose presence no young heart could beat coolly. And it was so. All the youths of the district openly professed their admiration of the fair shepherdess of Glentanner : the sons of the most opulent of the peasantry counted the portionless daughter of John Campbell, and the richest would gladly have laid their whole wealth at her feet ; but no one who came in the character of a wooer was graciously received by Eesie. One by one they were sent drooping away, stung to the heart by the careless looks and cruel wit of their icy- bosomed mistress. It became the common opinion that her cousin Andrew, who had been rared by her father, and was now his servant, was in secret the favoured admirer of the haughty maiden. This report was wholly without foundation. An- drew, indeed, loved her with the whole ardency of a young and passionate heart, but his affection met no encouraging return. Eesie treated the playmate of her early days with sisterly kindness, but ever, when they sat together under the trees at evening, if Andrew ventured to cast his arms around her, as a Scottish shepherd will ever be doing with the mistress of his bosom, she would repel his embraces gently, but determinedly ; and then, while Andrew sighed and looked downcast, she would lay her hand on his, and say, pityingly, " Dinna be grieved, Andrew, for I canna help it." For several summers, Eesie had been a shep- herdess by choice, preferring the exercise of the mountains to the duller duties of the household ; in the fulfilment of these she was, however, more than ordinarily expert, and, her mother's con- stitution being delicate, her assistance was fre- quently required at home. On these occasions Andrew supplied her place on the hills ; and one day being sent to order her attendance on her mother, who had been taken suddenly ill, he was surprised to find the sheep separated into strag- gling parties, and Eesie nowhere to be seen. At last, on nearing a beautiful little green hollow, which he remembered as one of her favourite places of resort, Eesie appeared, and Andrew, without taxing her apparent carelessness, implored her to hasten home. " I've been sleepin' like an idle' thing as I am," said Eesie ; " Oh, Andrew, mak haste an' gather the sheep to their ain range." But Andrew, who had remarked an un- usual degree of confusion in his fair cousin's looks, and had, besides, caught a glimpse of a male figure amid the tall broom that grew at the bottom of the hollow, threw himself on the ground, alleging that he was too tired to attempt such a task, until recruited by a few minutes of rest. Eesie looked on all sides in evident uneasiness ; but being again reminded by Andrew of her mother's illness, she hastened off without farther hesitation. When she was out of view, Andrew stepped down into the hollow, and in the centre of a clump of foxglove and. fern, discovered a young man, dressed in a style above the common, and apparently asleep, with his face partly turned towards the ground. Andrew doubted the reality of the unknown one's slumber, yet, through natural civility, refrained from disturbing him, and sat down at a distance, determined, however, to ask him a few questions, or at least procure a more perfect view of his person when he should think fit to withdraw. But in a short while the bark of an unbroken dog, who had followed Andrew to the hills, forced him from his watching-place. The animal had attacked a portion of the flock, and was driving them down into the glen. An- drew succeeded in recalling him ; but, on return- ing to the hollow, although he had scarcely gone fifty paces from its verge, the stranger was no longer visible. Andrew's wrath rose high; " Ket- terin ! landlouper ! coward !" shouted he, "come forward and explain what you mean by lurking here." But his angry summons was disregarded, and he lingered near the spot until nightfall with- out success : the object of his anxious curiosity appeared no more. It was evident that Eesie was permitting the addresses of a person much above her in rank of life — a circumstance of the most dangerous character, and which she ought on no account to have allowed to take place clandestinely. At supper, Andrew was sad and thoughtful. He observed Eesie steal frequent glances at his altered countenance, but he spoke not for a while. At last, looking earnestly on her, he said, in a tone austere and reproachful, "Wha is't forbye you that tak's his mid-day nap amang the brackens o' Evan's-howe ?" A burning blush rushed over Eesie's neck, cheeks, and forehead ; her eyes sparkled ; and the agitation of her frame was such as to quench every attempt at a reply. " He's a braw sweetheart yon," continued An- drew. " I dinna won'er noo that ye slicht the sunburnt lads in hodden grey that come to woo ye. But ha'e care, Eesie ; chaps o' yon stamp dinna court a pair man's lassie for the purpose o' makin' her a better bairn." Eesie rose up, sobbing aloud, and seemed about to quit the apartment ; but turning towards Andrew, she murmured out, " I suppose ye'll tell my father, out o' ill nature just." " It wad certainly be nae mair than my duty," replied Andrew ; "but gin ye'll promise faithfully to keep nae trysts wi' unco chiels for the time to come, what I've seen s'all never pass my lips." The girl solemnly protested that the gentleman in question had been only twice in her company, that she had repelled his advances, and laughed at his splendid promises, and was determined to meet him no more. This was about the end of summer, and late in the following spring the colloquy occurred with which our story commences. At noon on that day, Eesie's mother was obliged to retire to bed by a violent head-ache, the consequence of a rest- less night. Her husband came in about the hour of dinner ; and. on her inquiring if his meal had been prepared, he replied in the negative, adding, that he had seen Eesie proceeding to the hills more than an hour before. His wife raised herself with a look of alarrm. " Hoo can that be ?" said she ; " didna Andrew gang to the sheep ? Ye're surely jokin', man." What for shou'd I be jokin' about the matter ?'' he replied ; " an hoo are ye lookin' sae fleyed- like? She's been concern't about her lambs, an' gane to see gin they were richtly lookit after." " Gin Eesie's to the hills the day," cried the mother, starting from her bed, " some mischief 'ill befa' her, as sure' s the sun's in heaven !" And, allowing no time for farther remonstrance, she rushed out of the house. "The woman's de- mented," cried her husband ; and he followed, but failed to overtake her. She hastened up the mountains with a speed surprisingly at variance with her years and infirmities. Andrew met her as she was about to sink with fatigue, but he could not satisfy her hurried and distracted inquiries. The only person that he had seen during the day was a horseman who had crossed the hill called Corri-Asgill, and then turned towards the western extremity of the glen. John Campbell now came up, and, though sur- prised to learn that his daughter had not been seen by Andrew, urged his wife to return home, alleging that Eesie might have returned during their absence. To this the matron would by no means consent, and the party forthwith separated, that their search might be the more effectually pursued. Campbell, however, in a short time returned to his house ; but finding it still vacant, he went the round of the neighbourhood, in- qiring in vain for his daughter. No one had seen her, and the father, now seriously alarmed, again repaired to the hills, and, in conjunction with his wife and nephew, urged the search until the deepening twilight rendered further exertion useless for the night. As they descended the hills together in silent sorrow, Andrew threw himself down on the verge of Evan's-howe, as. if out- wearied, and his uncle and aunt sat down near him. The temper of old John Campbell was stern and unsocial — not naturally, but from painful collision with the world. Toil, embittered by misfortune, had been his lot through life. Dif- ficulties, in interminable array, had arisen in his path, as one mountain overtops another, and his heart had become saddened, and eventually hard- ened, as he looked forward on a prospect of hope- lessness and hardship. Andrew had been for several years his only companion, and the youth, almost necessarily, had imbibed a portion of the the old man's austerity of character. Some of their best feelings had become callous, but at this moment they perhaps felt more than hearts keenly sensitive could have borne. Andrew sat with his face hid in his hands until the silence was broken by a brief question from his uncle. " Andrew, what think ye can be the meanin' o' this ?' " I hae ower led a guess at the meanin' o' it," replied Andrew, in a grief-choked tone. " Weel, and gin that's the case, what for ha'ena ye spoken oot ere noo ?" cried his uncle impa- tiently. " I dreaded to speak, for I saw I'd been sairly to blame. I've keepit that a secret which ye ocht to hae kend, but it was oot o' tenderness to the lassie ; and forbye my tellin't micht hae been o' little use." Andrew then proceeded to relate all he knew concerning Eesie's acquaintance with the stranger whom he had seen near the place where they sat in the course of the previous sum- mer ; and adding as his opinion, that she must have eloped with that unknown person. His aunt looked upward with anguish in her eyes, while her husband involuntarily stamped with his feet in an agony too wild for words. The judgment of Andrew relative to the abduc- tion of his cousin, was, after all, merely conjec- tural : this the party were glad to allow, when their feelings had become somewhat more cool. Various excuses were invented for the absence of one whom they loved too well, to accuse rashly of depravity ; but successive days of painful and unavailing search at last quenched every hope, and forced suspicion into its original channel. It was a doleful summer to the inmates of that cottage, which was once gladdened by the pre- sence of Eesie Campbell. The bereaved mother would frequently forget all her household tasks, and sit through the long, bright day in a trance of woe, so deep and full of despair, that the sound of her own heavy sigh, echoed through the silent house, would cause her to start, as from a feverish dream. John Campbell pursued his ordinary avocations with unaltered perseverance, but his mein was changed and his looks were rueful and downcast. Andrew wholly estranged himself from every species of recreation, and, excepting a few occasional words of comfort to his afflicted aunt, scarcely spoke to any one. The fields were grey and bare and the brown dry leaves trembled in the cold breath of the departing year, when one morning a female figure, slender and feeble-like, and clad in a flimsy garment, torn and stained apparently by a long rude jour- ney, was discovered leaning against the fence of John Campbell's garden. Her head was sunk on her almost naked bosom, and her long black tresses hung dishevelled, and wet with the chil- ling autumnal dew. Mrs. Campbell came from the house at day-dawn,— was it a ghost that met her eyes ? She drew near slowly, but in an instant sprung forward with a scream, for she saw it was her daughter ! " My Eesie ! my ain dear Eesie !" but the drooping girl returned not the embrace of her overjoyed mother. "Oh, take your arm away," she exclaimed feebly; " I am the creature of sin and guile — stand aloof, and curse me, that I may die !" But her father had drawn near — his eyes met her's, and their glance flashed to hea soul. She clung to her mother, and hid her face in that fond and throbbing bosom. The old man turned twice away, and as often returned. " Poor misguided thing !" he at last said ; " I dinna speer whaur you've been, nor hoo ye've sped, I see't in yer wan cheek — in yer wastit frame. Ye hae the look o' a broken heart, an' hard reproof cou'd only add to its pain. Ye had, indeed, the only joy o' our hearts in keepin', an' hae lost it alang wi' yer ain comfort an' peace. But come in, my bairn ; yer young days were sweet an' harmless — God grant ye penitence for youth's transgression ; an' peace o' mind may be our portion after a'." From day to day, in a retired corner of her father's cottage, Eesie sat speechless and tearless. The soothings of parental affection moved her not. But still, when the old people retired to rest, Andrew would draw near his forlorn cousin and the anxious mother could frequently hear, through the early hours of the night, earnest and vehement whisperings, and heart-rending sobs, and bursts of passionate weeping. ".hat has Eesie tauld ye ?" she once asked of Andrew. "That lying villainly has betrayed her," was his brief and sullen answer. "Dinna speak roughly till her, Andrew;'' added the tender- hearted parent. "Hoot, woman, hoo shou'd I ?— she's less to blame than ye wot of," and he turned surlily away. One night Eesie's mother awoke from her usually unsettled slumber — a hand clasped her's fervently, and warm tears were falling fast on here face. She raisen herself hastily — the hand was as suddenly withdrawn, and she heard the light footsteps of one hurriedly quitting the apartment. Starting from bed, and throwing on a portion of her dress, she went instantly to the little bed- room usually occupied by her daughter, but found it deserted. Hastening to the door, which she found unbarred, and gazing abroad, she heard a distant voice cry impatiently "Come !" and im- mediately after she discerned the light slender form of her daughter cross the summit of a knoll which rose between her and the blue northern sky. Rushing wildly on, she reached the top of the rising ground behind which the fugitive had disappeared, but she saw no moving object to direct her pursuit; further, and heard no sound save the low intermitting moan of the distant forest. Distracted and bewildered, the matron rapidly retraced the path back to her house. — "John," she exclaimed, in a tone-of screaming lamentation, "Eesie' s awa' again — she's awa' wi' some ane, an' she'll never be seen mair !" " Can it be possible that the villain has ta'en her aff again !" cried Campbell ; " I'll hunt him to the earth's outermost neuk.! Bill Andrew, rise." John Campbell burst from his room, bare- headed and but half dressed. He ran to the place where his old claymore had hung for many a year, but his wife arrested him by the intelli- gence that Andrew was not in the house. Campbell stood musing for a while. "I think I see through the meanin' o' all this," he at length said ; " I think I noo read the meanin' o' the 1ang mutterings atween E esie and Andrew, and o' phat he lately hinted to me aboot the possibility of gettin' justice for the puir thing. He's an honest lad, and she can come to nae harm while she has him to guide her." It was indeed as he surmised. Eesie had, in her evening conversations with Andrew, gradually disburdened herself of the particulars of her sad story, which she had intended to bury for ever in her own bosom. Her lover, she said, was a' young Highland gentleman, the owner of a con- siderable estate in Speyside. On that day when her mother related her alarming dream, she had gone in an agony of remorse to tell him she could no longer continue this clandestine courtship, and that if he could not appear openly as her suitor, she must part with him for ever. He had prepared, however, on this very occasion, to execute a scheme which she feared he had too long contemplated. Calling a small band of High- landers to his aid, he forcibly, but yet, with all appearance of gentleness and respect, placed her on horseback, and mounting behind her, while his followers ran by their side, carried her off towards his castle. There, notwithstanding all her re- monstrances, her tears, prayers, and almost frantic distress, he retained her in captivity, till, sinking beneath the sense of a ruined reputation, she had become the guilty creature she now was. For some time her lover was unremitting in kindness and attention, and soothed her with promises of speedily making her his wife ; but at length a time came when he made light of her distresses, and was at little pains to alleviate her load of shame which weighed upon her. One evening, being slightly intoxicated, he had treated her with absolute rudeness, and she rush- ed from his abode in a state bordering on dis- traction. For many weeks she had wandered she hardly knew whither, and supported she could scarcely tell how, till at last, finding herself near her father's cottage, and believing that her end was approaching, she had drawn near in the manner which has been described, that she might see her beloved parents once more before she died. "You shall not die," Andrew warmly said, "while you have a cousin to see you righted." And he had persuaded her to conduct him to her lover's castle, in order that he might make an appeal in the first place to his generosity, and in the second use more powerful means of com- pulsion. The pilgrimage of the cousins was long and painful, for their road lay over that tract of moun- tain ground which divides the dales of the Dee from those of the Spey. Eesie was often like to sink with fatigue and natural weakness, when Andrew cheered her on once more by suggesting hopes of a happy termination to their journey. At length, wayworn and exhausted, they came within sight of the castle ; and Andrew, leaving Eesie in a cottage hard by, under the charge of an old woman, walked forward to inquire for the laird. As he was crossing a piece of low brushwood in order to get into the avenue, he met a young gentleman in a hunting dress, and a fowling-piece under his arm, whom he at once perceived to be the individual he was in quest of. "What are you wanting here, fellow ?" said the laird, in the tone of a country gentleman reproving the intrusion of a vagrant into his domains. "I want justice," said the peasant emphati- cally, at the same time drawing himself up to his full statue, and showing a figure of uncommon muscular power. "I am no justice or peace," replied the gentle- man, hardly comprehending what he said. "Ay, but you can give justice for all that. I am Andrew Campbell, sir, cousin to a young woman, Isabella Campbell, whom you last year forced away from her friends, and have brought almost to death's door. I have come a hundred miles, sir, and I would willingly have gone a thousand, to ask if you will perform your promise, and make her ance mair honest and happy; That is the justice I want at your hands." "Why, Andrew, my good friend," said the young gentleman, " it is a pity you should have taken so much trouble. I liked your cousin very well ; but it is not for me, you know, to become son-in-law to a cottar in Glentanner, and shake you by the hand, honest fellow as you no doubt are, as a cousin. But the worst of it is, that I am married already, and Miss Campbell, I dare say, would hardly like to be a second wife to any man." And he smiled at his own humour. "Then I can tell you that you are a base and infamous traitor, and that I only spare you now that I may make you repent what you have done in another way. You have broken the heart of the sweetest lassie that ever sun lighted on, and are bringing her parents' grey hairs with sorrow to the grave. Go, profligate, to your fine house, there, and if you can enjoy it while so many innocent hearts are sinking under the effects of your villany, yoii are more to be pitied than they." He turned without waiting for a reply, while the laird stood for a minute, paralysed by his boldness, and then slowly walked towards the castle, revolving the words that had been address- ed to him, the meaning of which, it is to be hoped, made an impression more than temporary. Andrew hastily rejoined the wayworn Eesie, who saw enough in his countenance to require little information respecting the result of his mission. The hapless girl sunk down on her chair, on learning the whole truth, and remained for some time in that abject state of stupor which intense grief usually produces, her head upon her bosom, her hands crossed on her lap, her whole frame contracted and convulsed, and her lips pressed closely together. " My poor wounded doo!" said Andrew; in a tone of the tenderest pity, as he awkwardly attempted to rouse her spirits, and cause her to take some refreshment, which the poor woman of the house was offici- ously offering. After waiting an hour, Andrew, all impatience to be gone from a place so odious in his estima- tion, led forth his disconsolate cousin, and com- menced a retrograde journey to Glentanner. Before they had well entered among the hills, Eesie's extreme debility compelled Andrew to carry her in his arms. On the evening of the second day, he sat down to rest on the summit of a steep mountain. The shadows were gradually deepening down in the vallies ; but on that elevated spot, the sun still shone bright through the barred clouds that seemed to grate the doors of the west. His last rays deepened a sudden flush which rose on the wasted cheeks of Eesie, and she raised herself, and seemed about to. speak ; but her head again dropped on the bosom of her faithful lover, and before the twilight shades had closed on the mountain tops, death had stolen upon her blighted heart as softly as sleep falls upon a wearied child ! And Andrew bore her remains hack to a village which they had passed. The pride of Glentanner rests from her sorrows in a dreary churchyard near a stream far from that on whose banks she had spent the innocent and happy days of her infancy. * * * * It was in autumn that the inhabitants of that village looked forth on a party who surrounded the grave where they had laid the corpse of the fair stranger. An aged female knelt on the turf, her grey hair veiling her face, and mingling with the grass ; and there stood by her the bent form of a man of fourscore years. His mien was calm, but the round tear rolled fast over his sunken and furrowed cheeks ; and he stooped, and attempted to raise a younger man, who lay with his face to heaven, and smote the earth with his hands, and called down curses on the head of some one unknown. "Your prayers are the unacceptable breath- ings of disappointed passion," said the aged man ; " listen to the curse of a heartbroken father. May the destroyer of our peace feel only what a parent feels as he weeps over the crave of a lost daughter. — Chambers' Journal. — o — SINGULAR NOTICE. — The following is a literal copy of a letter received by an English clergy- man through the post-office :– " Reverend Sir, I forbid the Bands of Marriage between Edward Blewett and Mary Ann Howells ; the Reason his, he is under Eage, and She Have got a Husbant a live, and she is wend Away from Hem ; he his in the Harmey, and she his with her Hunkell, so you carnt Marrie them, Sir, nor Dursent." AMENDE HONOURABLE. — The Pennsylvania Sentinel contains the subjoined "amende hon- ourable," which ought to satisfy any reasonable person :– "Amende honourable.— We yesterday spoke of Mr. Hamilton, of the Chesnot Street Theatre, as a 'thing.' Mr. H. having complained of our remark, we willingly retract, it, and here state that Mr. Hamilton, of the Chesnut Street Theatre, is no-thing." THAMES TUNNEL. — On Tuesday the first stone of this gigantic undertaking was laid on the Wapping side of the river, at which interesting ceremony Mr. Brunnel, the engineer of the works, took occasion to make a few remarks to the miners and others who have been engaged in its con- struction. He observed that they might soon expect to open a door for the shield on the south side ; and that they could already hear the knocks, as it were, at the door. They might form an appropriate idea of the vast work they had accomplished, as the tide was then at high water ; and he was cordially thankful to them for their conduct and perseverance through difficulties and dangers without example, having had to contend with the four elements in their worst shape, viz., water under immense bodies, the earth occasion- ally in a fluid condition, fire formed by explosive gases, and air with the occasional force and power of thunder. Many of their companions had suffered from these causes, but he trusted that they would concur with him in allowing that their sufferings had been attentively alleviated. 