LACONICS OF THE AGES ßlislrosx-A charming thing when it can be had Traill's. A piece of furniture in the possession of which you are never secure, however high you may have paid for it. A furnished lodging, let at so much per month, which you mavquil without giving notice.- BEAUFORT. The Present Day -Willi many it is synonymous with formerly. Not so with the.- DIRECT. Suicide A man who takes it into his head to seek happiness in the next world rather than try his fortune in (his. He who kills himself, may be compared to the servant that leaves his master because he cannot obtain his wages. ONE OF THE WILD DISAPPOINTED. Pride. - A barbarous usurper, exacting every thing, excuse me nothing, suspecting always, and punishing incessantly. It pronounce-only decrees, and would behold only siaM THE GHOST OF DURHAM. Tete a Tele. Every woman that grants one, becomes his victim. Mrs N. Quick. - An imposter. who grows rich beneath the shade of contt-mpl.-Sin J.C. Puppets little figure, which serves to set great messmate an advantage.- To DE SEEN NEAR PIMLICO Good Company-An assemblage of persons tired of existence, who endeavour to make time pass less tediously, by amusing themselves with talking nonsense when they have exhausted their stock of calumny and slander. LADY BAY GoNVF.llSATtONE. Talent. - When a woman tells you that such a man has great talents, it is very wrong to laugh. LADY B. Moderate Man One who believes in God, and condemns no one WHO is TO FIND IHM 1 Testimony. - Anact nearly always suspicious, because it is influenced by the persons or particular views of him who gives it.- THE GHOST OF J KM MY WOOD. Public Opinion The sovereign of the world, whose decrees are executed in a manner somewhat slow but always sure. Public opinion is always in the same direction with public interest. Consult the popula- fun, and prosperity of your ports, see if your trade is brisk, and if your shops have customers, and your inns are full : this is a much better criterion of/mo/tcnyHiiioiilhaiiJiKirwt/j speeches and addresses. JOHN BLACK. Throne. The to of the weak Prince, in which he is laid by his Ministers. The bed of the voluble ous Prince, on which his mistresses Miflle him with flowers, is isle of firm sat only of good Prince-WFLUNCTUN. Purgatory The cons salary police of the other world, speaking ' Papistically "-JOHN M'HALB. Manuscript. An article fabricated at a very small expense, but retailed to the public at a very high price.- Bulioir - Prodigal A madman who, lighting his lamp at mid-day finds his oil extinguished at nights'. Duncombe. Falsehood. vice that requires sacrifices and grimaces, and by which nature is continually immolated at the shrine of tah at Uxbridge. Profundity.-Tl;i» is what many authors pretend 11\. Their works are like the catacombs, deep dark, and empty -J. H fraud. Theatres place to which people professedly go to be amused, but where the coquette Lots to seek nervous attacks, the Journalist articles, the art 01 hisses, the film in signals for discussion, and delicious food for Islander. Lord Allen. Good JS'atui'ii. - A quality that exposes its possessor to ridicule, and sometimes to condemn'. Albans. Arbitrary Lams. - Fire arms, which almost invariably burst in the hands of those who use them Melbourne. Familiarity -A relaxation of nearly all the rules of civilized life, introduced into society for the sake of' conveniences soft expression of sentiment-a flattering imposture of greatness-an alluring snare of' interest a measure of false policy with one's superior, as they feel not at all obliged to us with it and with our inferiors, as-I lessens their respect for us Which of the Sheridan's. Political Assemblyman instrument of popular liberty, often paralyzed, or turne 1 aside from its original end. A union of persons, who know better what they will not do, than what they will do and who, to.-, Frequently do that which others and that they should do. C. S. Lejev o. Mediocrity.-'Mediocrity of fortune is that print at which our happiness demands that we should stop -nurra mediocrities, a mediocrity equal in value to gold Mediocrity of them is the means of rising still-born medic crites, gilded ii.ediocnly. lam the " perfection of medio- crity."- Palmmtm. Affectation. An language, it weakens the thrust; in manners. it spoils grace and beauty's Noble Poetess. 