OROHOO, THE FAIRY MAN, A REMINISCENCE OF CONNAUGHT. "Were we to believe the chronicles of our grandmothers, Ireland at one period was held in fee simple of witches, warlocks, white ladies, fairies, and leprechauns; the earth, the air, and lhotsky, were peopled with them. every crumbling and desolate cabin on the Btcrile moor or common, was tenanted by a witch ; while the margins of our beautiful laughs, the bosoms of our silent and seques- tered gives, the recesses of our romantic mountain valleys, the echoing walls of every mouldering edifice, and the mystic circle of each rude hill forth, were the chosen babies tions of unearthly beings. Nor was this belief held by the uneducated alone ; many who moved in respectable situa- tions in society, were a (Tec ted by it; and otherwise sensible and well informed people on this head were deaf to the voice of reason and the dictates of common sense, and would as soon doubt the truth of Holy Writ as the existence of supernatural agency; and so interwoven was the superstition in the social system, that no event could happen from the cradle to the grave, in which the good people were not implicated for good or evil. Did the head or a member of the leading family died the wail of the banshee was sure to be heard in the twilight. Was a favorite child smitten with disease, the beautiful, the beloved was 'believed to be changed for a squalling, raven- ous and decrepit! starveling. Did your cattle pine, or was your dairy not productive, your cows were either elf shot or bewitched. Was the wife of your bosom snatched away in her bloom, in the most interesting though dangerous moment of her existence, the fairies were whispered to be the authors of your misfor- tunes to have spirited her off, and to have left in her stead a wooden substitute. Well do I remember the thrill of fear, mingled with a degree of pleasurable awe, with which I listened, some forty years since, to the narratives of a venerable, aunt, who was lingering out the evening of her existence at my father's fireside ? her only occupation being, rocking the cradle and keeping the youngsters from bottling their shins. She was an experienced dame, and withal pious, but would as soon doubt her own identity as that of witches and fairies, and her memory was still stored with instances of their winter science. These t then believed most implicitly, particularly as in many of them " the family was concerned. She could relate how her grandfather one morning detected a hare in the act of making one of his cows, which he fired at and wounded, and on track- ing the blood, discovered it to flow from the thigh of an old crone who inhabited a neighbouring hovel. She also could tell how an elder brother had surprised aleprahann in the act of making shoes for the good people,? could describe his dress minutely, and how he had escaped captivity by making a feint with his own at my uncle's eye, and causing him to wink when in the very act of seizing him, and thereby marred his fortune. She also knew a child which was taken from its mother's arms at night, but luckily missed before he could be conveyed through the key' hole, and on the outcry of the bereaved parent, was dropped with a whack on the floor uninjured, it never occurred to her that probably the child had rolled out of bed accidentally. There was another tale often told by her, which it would be worse than heresy to doubt, as she knew the parties intimately. An honest man named John M'Kinstrey, who resided near Maheraveely, in the county Monaghan, was once compelled to leave his warm bed in " the witching time of night," on a certain pressing occasion, and ride post haste for a worthy dame whose assistance was indispensable. While returning with the ¦" howdy" safely stowed on an ample pillion behind, he heard the strokes of an axe reverberating through a neighbouring wood, and voices in conversation. Curiosity prompted him to draw up and listen when he distinctly heard the question asked, " What are you doing to-night?" and to his dismay the answer was responded, " I'm making a wife for Jack JVl'Kinstrey:" "Faith," said Jack, "you'll make no wife for me, my man I'll do very well with the one I have and giving his good beast the spur, regardless of the nock, bones, or outcry of his freight, he never drew rein until he had his better half clasped in his arms, where he held her in a death's grasp , until the crisis was over, and thus baulked the fairies. Thus was the whole system of society pervaded by the idea of supernatural influences and the consequence was an undefinable dread ? and fear, hanging like the sword of Damocles over the heads of all, and embittering existence, 'Tis true. the evil was only imaginary, but not on that account the less hurtful; for, being a mental malady, it was the more difficult to be counteracted or eradicated, and often led to real anxiety and distress, as in the case of M'Kinstrey, whose ideas being full of witchcraft and fairy freaks, never reflected that the noise and voices he had heard ? might be a practical joke of some of his neighbours, and in consequence suffered all the suspense and trouble incident to real danger. Hut the diffusion of useful knowledge and the dissemination of sound education among all classes, has latterly effected a mighty change innate intellectual powers of the people. Such' reverses as those referred to, though sometimes used to " adorn a tale are now unheeded and there are few indeed who harbor for a moment in sincerity the absurd idea of evil agency. There may be, 'tis true, some exceptions a few old women may be still haunted by the prices of other days, and in some remote districts, a belief in witchcraft certainly prevails, engrafted by early prejudiced, and fostered and kept alive by the practices or knaves, who profess to avert the effects by counter charms, and live like many others, on the credulity of the public ; but, generally speaking, the thing is defunct gone to the moles and the bats. But there is an exception. In several districts in Ireland, in Connaught especially, an idea is very prevalent that it is in the power of evil-disposed persons to deprive their neighbours of their milk or butter. This is said to be done in various ways, the most usual being the use of a corpse hand, which is kept shrivelled and dried to stir the milk and gather the butter. Another plan is to follow the cows on a May morning, and gather the soil which forms on a stream running through their pasture, and milking your own cow on it. Indeed, the means used are represented to be so simple, that the very absurdity of the Chiltern its own refutation. Yet it is believed in, and that firmly: and in order to prove that such is the case, and also expose the trickery and legerdemain by which some knaves succeed in throwing dust in the eyes of the natives, I will relate an one currence in which I was concerned; and to open the matter fully in all its ramifications, windings, and train of into a rather minute detail, the rather as I confess-'! was for a short time myself almost inclined to credit his exis- fence in short, believed myself the dupe of a fairy man. Some time since I resided in the neighbourhood of the Explains of Boyle, a celebrated pasture country, and was the possessor of a cow whose milk and butter were plentiful in quantity and excellent in quality, and materially contributed to the comforts of my family. She was a beautiful and a gentle creature; and I flattered myself that in her [ possessed the foundress of a numerous herds, and the germ of a profitable and extensive dairy. As before observed, the idea was very prevalent there that it was in the power of evil disposed persons to deprive you of your milk and butter, and I heard many complaints of the kind ; the general voice fastened the imputation on a woman who lived in the vicinity, who was locally termed as the Hawk," and certainly the fire of her eye and the sharpness of her book justified the appellation : she was a comely middle aged person, in rather easy circumstances, her husband being a small farmer; but he lay under the suspicion of being concerned in a murder some time before She was a reputed witch, and the entire family were disliked and avoided. One morning in the month of January, I was informed that a woman had come into my kitchen, who occupied herself in watching the motions of the family, without stating her business. On going down, I found her well dressed and well looking, but with a very sinister cast of countenance. On asking if she wanted me, she said she had heard I was in want of some geese, and that she had a few to dispose of.?" How many?" said I. "A goose and a gander," she replied. " How much do you want for them 1" " Seven and sixpence." *' Seven and sixpence I" I exclaimed in surprise, as the usual price was then from one shilling to one and sixpence each. " Why, how many have you?'' as I really thought I had made a mistake in the number. " A goose and a gander," said she. " And do you suppose me to be a goose to give such a price as that?" said I. " Oh!" said she, " they are good geese, and only I wish to serve you, I would not offer them at all." ?' Indeed I am much obliged by your good wishes," said I; " but as I think you want to impose upon me, you must take your geese to another market, for I will not have them at any price, and the sooner you to (do yourself off the better." She got highly offended, muttered something about my being sorry for refusing them, and went away in high dudgeon; and after she was gone, I found it was " the Hawk" who had favored me with the visit. On the same morning, a gang of strollers, consisting of tinkers, chimney sweeps, a brace or two of beggars, and a piper had pitched their last on the road side, a short distance from my residence; the members of the party had distributed themselves over the surround- ing district in pursuit of their various avoca- tions; it also happened to be churning day, and my wife having set her vessels in order, was proceeding with her lacteal operations favorably the milk had cracked, the butter was expected when the sound of music was heard, the paper attached to the party had come to give us a specimen of his skill; he' favored us with a few Connaught plantings, was duly rewarded, and departed. Shortly after he was gone, two buxom baggages, brown and bare legged, with cans in their hands, kerchiefs on their heads, and huge massive rings on their fingers, came and tie married an alms. They were told there was nothing then ready, on which one of them asked a drink. I have nothing to offer you but water," said my wife, " until the churn is done." " Well, water itself," said she on getting which she look a sup or two, put the remainder in her can, and went off; and, strange as it may seem, my butter went too. And from that day in January until May eve following, note morsel had two from our beautiful Brownie. As I did not put any faith in witchcraft, I was willing to attribute this to some natural cause affecting the cow, though the milk showed no perceptible change in either quantity or quality ; neither did she exhibit any symptoms of ailment or disorder, except that she began to cast her hair. She was well supplied with good fodder, comfortably lodged, and well attended, and every possible care taken of the milk, but all to no purpose; the butter was not forthcoming; and for my in- credulity I was laughed at by my neighbours. as? Your cow is bewitched," cried they! " and you may as well throw chaff against the wind, as think you will get your butter back, till you get the charms' Some said " the Hawk" had it, some said the gipsy took it away in her can, and others that it followed the piper. He that as it may, I had to eat my bread but fearless, and brood over my loss, without even the comfort of common condolence. Various were the counter charms recommended for my adoption. " Send for Fraser the Scotchman from beyond the Lough," said one; " he fears neither man nor fiend, and he will surely get it." *? Send for a the Hawk,' and clap a hit off her ear," said another. " Let them keep their mouths full of water, and never speak while they are charming," said a third. Id short, I found there was as many ways of getting it back, as there were of losing it? all equally simple, and probably as efficacious. Thus matters continued until the early part of the month of April, when one morning a man c Tod, who desired to see me. I found him a light, active, 'nice-looking fellow late in stature, and spare in habit, but sinewy. well set and well knit, and regularly smoke dried. He was pretty well clad in frieze, cord breeches, and yarn stockings and pumps; his cattle on one side, a culty in his month, and a certain jauntiness in his air, and crafty audacity in his look which seemed to say, ? I'd have you to know I'm a clever fellow." *' So," said he at once without preamble, "you've lost your butter." "" Yes," said I, " has certainly gone." " Well, if you like, I'll get it for you. My name is Oroboo (O'Hara); ? I live at Sheer Hiawatha people call me the Fairy runs can find things that's stolen, and I keep the ? gravelly." " Indeed!" said I.: why you must be a clever fellow ; but can you get my butler?" " Not a doubt of it' said he, '? if it is in the country." I had heard of the garvally before, which was described as a crooked thing, like the handle of an umbrella, covered with green baize. It was formarly in much repute for swearing on-: and a terrible thing it was, for if you swore falsely and it ron nt! your neck, your mouth would turn to the back of your head, or you'd get such a throttling as you'd never get the better of." it had latterly, however, lost much of its value, or rather of its fame by an unbelieving vagabond working it on and swearing to a manifest falsehood, without suffering any visible inconvenience. But to return to Oroboo. He made no stipulation, but requiring a deep into, some water and salt, with a little of the cow's milk, he commenced by desiring my wife and me to stand forward. He then asked our names, if I was the owner of the cow, how long I had had her, if that woman was my wife, when we had lost our butter, and if we suspected any person for making it. To these queries answered as was necessary. But to him last I replied I did not believe in t witchcraft. I " Don't you believe in fades ?" he asked. " Scarcely," sad I. " No matter," said he " maybe before I am done, you will believe in them. He then in a very solemn manner poured some water into the plate at three several times that in the name of the Father," a drop ; " in the name of the son," ditto ; " in the name of the Holy Ghost," ditto. He added the milk in the same manner, and then sprinkled in the formula. He now stirred round the mixture three times with his finger, repealing the words as before, and desired us ( to do the same. To this I demurred, for it did not wish to evince any faith in the pro- codling, by taking an active part; but he i combatted my scruples by asking, " was it not I done in a good name." Certainly for so far I < saw nothing very objectionable, and my wife of feeling no scruple on the subject, at their joint '< persuasion I did as directed." t He next made the sign of the cross over at the plate with his hands, and waving them c over his head, cut several curious figures in the air, at the same time muttering an unto- : telligible jargon I could not understand, but which as I could catch a sound or syllable, : bore a close affinity to what is called bog a Latin. Gradually he became much excited ; t he raved like a demon, stamped with his feet, and threatened with his fists ; now his tones ( were those of supplication or entreaty, anon I of abjuration or command ; while his eye it seemed fixed upon, and to follow the motions s of some To him invisible being, with which he appeared to hold converse. Suddenly he gave an unearthly scream, as if in agony of (emir and perturbation, and holding up his hands as in the act of warding off" a threatened danger, he retreated backwards round the room, pursued us it seemed, by an implacable enemy. Now, this was all acting, to be sure, but it was inimitably done, and I confess, even armed as I was with unbelief, it made a very powerful impression on me. I a knowledge I ties! not at all feel comfortable. I did not like the idea of being in the same room with the evil one, who to all appearance was chasing my friend the conjurer round and round it. I felt an indescribable sensation of dread creeping over me, and if I mistake not, there were a few drops of perspiration on my brow and my hair, of which I have not a supers- j bundatice, to my apprehension, began to get stiff and wiry. My wife too, clung closely to my side for protection, and the agitation of her mind was evident by the audible action of her heart, which in that case beat only responsive to my own. Having taken breath, he asked for a ribbon which be passed over his forehead, and round his head, and bringing the ends in front, knotted it over his nose; then twisting it round his fingers in the manner children call a cat's cradle, he knelt down and peered through it attentively into the mixture, which I imagined at the moment fermented and sent up a blue vapor. After gazing a few seconds in this manner, " the !" said he, " she is not far off that j has your butter; bring me a lighted candle, which on being brought he placed in the plate. " Now, said be, " both of you kneel down.; do as I do, and say as I say, and we will have her here directly." s? No," said I decidedly, " we will not." " Why, exclaimed he, " don't you want to get your butter ?" " Yes," said I, " I would like to get my buyer, but I don't choose to resort to a charm t to obtain it " 1 " No doubt this is a charm," said he, "hut j it is done in a good name; and I have done it before as good as over you were." in " So much the worse," I replied ; " that t holy name should never be profaned in such a t manner, and I am sorry any person would be so wicked or so foolish as to encourage you in your tricks. I neither Uko you nor your proceedings, and the sooner you go about your business the better' it He started to his feet in a passion, blew <> out the candle, seized the plate, and attempted i to throw the contents into the fire-place but it my wife, who did not wish her health to be a wot, took it from him and laid it past. He a fumed and stormed, said I tell him take a great deal of trouble on my account, and insisted on s proceeding; but I was determined, and being c considerably chafed and annoyed by the ? transaction, I again ordered him off, and left a him. to in a few moments I heard the noise of a j violent altercation and scuffle, and I was loudly c called on. I hastened to the scene of eon- c station, and found my wife holding Orohoo by the neck, and preventing his departure "What's all this.?" 1 exclaimed. This fellow," said she, " when he was going, took a live coal out of the grate, and told me to take care of my children." This he stoutly denied, until confronted by the servant, and I threatened to give him up to the police as an im- poster, when he quailed, and acknowledged that he had said so, but. that he meant no harm by it.?" And sure," said he, " there's, no harm in bidding you mind, them; for if your cow was hurt, so-may your children. You're not treating me well," he continued ; ?' T came altho bidding of a friend to do you a good turn, and asked nothing of it, and now you're putting me out; you'll be glad to see me yet, though. But take my advice; never throw out your Sunday's ashes until Tuesday morning, and always sweep your floor in from the door to the hearth.'' And away he went. My heart now beat easy, for I thought we had fairly got rid of the fairy man : but I was to be still further mystified and bewildered On examining the place over which he had performed his incantations, we found the contents to so thick, yellow, and slimy, with a red sediment like globules of blood at the bottom. This seemed extraordinary, as I certainly watched him closely, and did not see him put any thing in of the place but milk, water, and salt. The mouth now drew near a close, and our bread was still butterless. This often causes; the morsel to stick in the throat of my poor dear partner, who felt none of the scruples of conscience with which I was affected, and firmly believed ber cow was bewitched. " Here we are day after day losing our substance, and might have if only for your squeamishness in not letting the fairy man 'finish his job." Thus she would argue, and hesitated not to call me a fool; nay, a down- right ass and indeed my neighbours were much of the same opinion ; one of them, a respectable farmer's wife, was particularly pertinacious. " My Robin," said she one evening, as they were harping on the old siring, my Hobin was down in Sligo, and he heard llialifyou got the coulter of a plough, and made it red-hot in the fire, while you were churning the butter would come back ; or if you chose to churn on Sunday morning before the lark sings, you will surely get ii."-?"Teir.pt me no more with your spells or Sabbath breaking ; I will have none of them," said I, impatiently; " I will never barter my peace of mind for a pound of butter, if I should never eat a morsel." but, in truth, my peace of mind was gone, for the continual urging and hammering I was subjected to made me heartily sick, and I inwardly resolved to sell the cow the first opportunity, and so end the matter. On May eve, in the afternoon, I had occasion to leave home for a short time, and on my return was rather surprised to find all the windows closed and the door locked against me. I knocked and called for admittance, but received no answer; and hearing the noise of churning going on within., " fast and furious," the truth flashed across my mind.; and lamenting my wife's credulity, 1 retired to the garden to await the result. In a short time she came running out like one demented, clapping her hands and screaming, " Oh ! we've got (the butter, we've got the butter !" and on going in I found a coulter whizzing mu] sparkling at a while heat in the fire, as ass's shoe (which had been found a few days previously) under the churn, my worthy neighbour aforesaid standing over it, panting and blowing from the exertions she had made on my belief, and wiping the dew drops from her ready comely countenance, and in the. churn, floating like lumps of gold in a sea of silver, as if no a churning of butter as ever we were blessed with. Well, I own I was staggered, and being triumphantly asked, " Now, is there no witch- craft or virtue in a red-hot coulter ? ' I could scarcely muster up courage to utter " No." In vain I protested the batter ennio back because " Brownie'' got back to her pasture, in consequence of the change in her feeding, from dry fodder to the mellow and genial produce of' spring, as the loss at first was owing to the transition from grass to hay. Twin to no purpose to argue thus-: all else were positive it was otherwise; bu whether the virtue was in Orohoo's incantations, the efficacy of' the red-hot coulter, the influence of the ass's shoe, or the tremendous pummelling the milk was subjected to on the occasion, no one could exactly say. A few days after, I conversed on the subject with an intelligent person, a herd in charge of an extensive stock farm After hearing my story to an end, he indulged in a hearty laugh at my expense. "Faith," said he, " I took you for a sensible man, and did not suppose you would credit such folly." " I'd as soon believe my mother was a bishop, said I, as put any faith in it some time ago. But how can I get over the chain of circumstantial evidence? not a link of it wanting. " First, the Hawk,' coming with her seven and sixpenny geese, then the gipsies and the piper, and losing my butter just then." 'Tis very easy," said he, " to account for it. In the first place, you took your cow from grass and fed heron hay." " Yes, bushe had plenty of winter cabbage, and we gave her boiled potatoes." " J list the thing cabbage is good for plenty of milk, but not for butter. I'll Ptigageyon gave her the potatoes warm." " Yes."" And she got a scour?" " Indeed she did, and her hair fell of." ?" So I thought And afterwards she got in good condition ?' " Yes." " Oh I say, she put her butter on her ribs. Did you kill a pig at Christmas ?" did." Where did you put your bacon in press? " Why, under the shelf in the dairy." of now the murder is out ! Never as long as you live put meat, either fresh or salt, near your milk vessels ; if you do, you will surely spoil your milk and lose your butter." '* This may account for my loss, but what have you to say to his coming back ?" " Why, what's to hinder it, when your bacon is in the chimney and your cow at grass?" «' But the real blobs in the plate, and Oroboo fighting the devil for me, what do you say to IhatT- Here he gave way tosuchaviolentfitof laughter that I really thought he would burst the waistband of his doeskins. " Orohoo! ha! ha!?Orohoo! ? ha! ha! lia the greatest villian that over breathed. He came to the one time that I had a cow sick, and said she was fairy smitten, and that he would cure her. He began with his tricks with the milk and water, just the same as he did with you ; but I watched him closer and when I saw the smoke rising out of the plate, I got him by the neck, shook a little bottle of vitriol out of the cuff of his coal and took a paper of red earthy powder out of his waistcoat pocket." I looked aghast and confounded. Was I, then, the dupe of the fairy man The thought was humiliating, i and I even wished that I had remained in ignorance, Luton reflection had reason to congratulate myself that it was only a temporary lapse, and that I was right in my original "opinion, that-, except the witchery of a pair of blue languished, or the fairy spell of a silver tongued syren, there is now no evil of the kind to be apprehended. 