[?] THE IRISH DRAGOON. A WORD OF EXPLANATION, Kind Public, Having so lately taken my leRve of the stage, in a farewell benefit, it is but fitting that I should explain thp circumstances Which once mopp bring me before you — that I may not appear intrusive, where I have met with but too much indulgence. A blushing debutant entre nous , the most impudent Irishman that ever swaggered down Sackville-street — has requested me to present him to your acquaintance. He has every ambition to be a favorite with you ; but says—God forgive him. — he is too bashful for the foot-lights. He has remarked — as, doubtless, many others have done: — upon what very slight grounds, and with what slender pretension, my Confessions have met with favour at the hands of the press, and the public; and the idea has occurred to him, to indite his own. Had his deter mination ended here, I should have nothing to object to; but, un fortunately, he expects me to become his Editor, and in some sort respon sible for the faults of his production. I have wasted much eloquence and more breath in assuring him, that I was no tried favorite of the public; who dared take liberties with them < — that the small rag of reputation I: enjoy, was a very scanty covering for my own nakedness ; that the plank which swam with one, would most inevitably sink with two ; and, lastly, that the indulgence so often bestowed upon a first effort, is as frequently converted into censure on the older offender. My arguments have, however, totally failed, and he remains obdurate and unmoved Under these circumstances 1 have yielded; and, as, happily for me, the short and pithy direction to the river Thames, in the Critic, "to keep betwepn its banks." has been imi tated by my friend, 1 find all that is required of me, is to write my name upon the title — and go in peace. Such, he informs me, is modern Editorship. 1 conclusion, 1 would beg, that if the debt he now incurs at your hands remain unpaid, you would kindly; bear in mind, that your remedy lies against the drawer of the bill, and not against its rnere humble endor- Jblil'. Harry Lqrrequer. prussclt, March 1840, CHAPTER I. daly's club house. The rain was dashing in 'torrents: against the window panes, and the wind sweeping in heavy and fitful gusts along the dreary and deserted streets, as a party of three persons sat over their wine, in that stately old pile which once formed the resort of the frisli Members, in College Green, Dublin, and went by the name of Daly's Club House. The clatter of falling files and chimney-pots— the jarring of the vyindow- frames and howling of the storm without, seem ed little to affect the spirits of those within, as they drew closer to a blazing fire, before which stood a .small table covered with the debris of a dessert, and an abundant supply of bottles, whose characteristic length of npqk indicated the rarest wines of France and Germany ; while the portly magnum of claret — the wine. par excellence , of every Irish gentleman of the day— passed rapidly from hand to hand, the conversation did not languish, and many a deep and hearty laugh followed the stories which every now and then were told, as some reminiscence of early days was recalled, or some trait of a for mer companion remembered. One of the party, however, was ap parently engrossed by other thoughts than those of mirth and merriment ardund , for, in the midst of all, he wquld turn suddenly from the others1 and devote himself to a number of scattered sheets of paper, upon Which he had written some lines, but whose crossed and blotted sentences attest-r ed how little success had waited upon his literary labours. This individual was a short; plethOric-looking, white haired man, of about, fifty, with a deep round voice and a chuckling, smoth ering laugh, which, whenever he in dulged, not Only shook his own am ple person, but generally created a petty earthquake on every side of him; For the present, I shall not stop to particularise him more closely; but; when I add, that the person in ques tion Was a well kno wn Mem ber of the Irish House of Commons, whose a- cute understanding and practical good sense were veiled under an affected and well-dissembled habit ofjblunder- ing, that did far more for his party than the most violent and pointed attacks of his more accurate associates some of my readers may anticipate me in pronouncing him to be Sir Harry Boyle. Upon his left sat a figure the most unlike him possible ; he was a tall, thin, bony man, with a bolt-up right. air, and a most saturnine ex pression; his eyes were covered by a deep green shade, which fell far over his face, but failckl to conceal a blue scar, that crossed his cheek, enped in the angle of his mouth, and im parted to that feature, when he spoke an apparently abortive attempt to ex tend towards his eyebrow ; his upper lip was covered with a grizzly and ill-trimmed moustache, which added much to the ferocity of his look, while a thin and pointed beard on his chin gave an apparent length to the whole face that completed its rueful character. — His dress, was a single-breasted tightly-dmttoned frock, in one button hole of which a red ribbon was fastened, the decora tion of a foreign service, which con ferred upon its wearer the title of Count ; and, though Billy Considine, as he was familiarly called by his friends, was a thorough Jrialiujau In all his feelings and affection a, yet lie had no objection to the designation he had gained in the Austrian army. The Count was certainly no beauty, but, somehow, very few' men, of his day had a fancy for telling him so ; a deadlier hand and a steadier eye never covered his man in the Phoenix; and though he never had a seat in the House, he was always regarded as one of the government party, who more than once had damped the ardour of an opposition member, by the very significant threat of "set ting Billy at him." The third figure of the group, was a large, powerfully- built, and handsome man older than either of the others, but not betray ing in his voice and carriage any touch of time. He was attired in the green coat and buff vest which formed the livery of the club; and in his tall, ample forehead, clear, well-set eye, and still handsome mouth, boi'e evidence that no great flattery was necessary at the time which called Godfrey O'Malley the handsomest man in Ireland. "Upon my conscience,'' said Sir Harry, throwing down his pen with an air of ill-temper, ?? I can make nothing of it; 1 have got into such an infernal habit of making bulls, that 1 can't write sense wheq I want it," "Come, come," said O'Malley, "try again, my dear fellow. If you can't succeed, I'm sure Billy and I have no chance." " What have you written ? Let us see," said Considine, drawing the paper towards him, and holding it to the light, " why, what the. devil js all this ? you have made him 'drop down. dead after dinner, of a ling ering illness, brought on by the de bate of yesterday/ " "Oh, impossible !" "Well, read ' it yourself ; there it is, .and, as if to make the thing less credible, you talk of his ' bill for the better recovery of small debts/ I'm sure, O'Malley, your last mo ments were not employed in that manner/' "Come, now," said Sir Harry, "1,11 set all to rights with a postcript, ' Any one who questions the above statement, is politely requested to call on Mr. Considine, 16, Kildare, Street,, who will feel happy to afford him every satisfaction upon Mr. O'Malley's decease, or upon miscellaneous matters/' \ " Worse and worse," said O'Mal ley. " Killing another man will never persuade the world tfiat I'm dead." "But we'll wake you,, and have a glorious funeral." " And, if any man doubt the statement, I'll call him out," said the Count. " A better still" said, Sir Harry, " O'Malley has his action at law for defamation." "I see, I'll never get down :to Galway at this rate," said O'Mal ley ; " and as the new election takes place on Tuesday week, time presses. There are more writs flying after me this instant, than for all the government boroughs." "-And there will be fewer returns, I fear," said Sir Harry. " Who is the chief creditor," asked the Count. " Old Stapleton the Attorney, in Fleet-street, has most of the mort gages." "Nothing to be done with him in this way," said Considine, balancing the cork-screw like a hair trigger. " No chance of it." May be," said Sir Harry, " he might come to term's if 1 were to call find say — you are anxious toclpse accounis, as your Ueutli lias Just taken place. You know what I mean." " I fear so should he, were you <o say so. No, no, Boyle, just try a plain straight-forward paragraph about my death. We'll have it in Falkner's paper to-morrow; on Friday the funeral can place, and, with the blessing of God, I'll come to life on Saturday at Athlone, in time to canvass the market." " 1 think it wouldn't be bad, if your ghost were to appear to old Timins the tanner,, in Naas, on your way dpwn. You know he ar rested you once before." "I prefer a night's sleep," said O'Malley ; " but come, fjnish the squib for the paper." "Stay a little," said. Sir. Harry, musing ; " it just strikes me that if ever the matter gets out, I may be in some confounded scrape. Who knows if it is not a breach of privi lege to report the death of a mem ber,. and to tell you truth, I dread the Sergeant and the speaker's warrant with a very lively fear." " Why, when did you make his acquaintance" ? said the Count. "Is it possible you never heard of Boyle' committal ? said O'Mal- ley, " you surely must have been abroad at the time ; but it's not too late to tell it yet, " Well, its' about two years since old Townshend brought in his enlistment bill, and the whole country was scoured for all our vo ters, who were scattered here and there, never anticipating another call of the House, and supposing that the session was just over. Among others, up came our friend Harry, here, and, the night he ar rived, they made him .a " Monk of the screw," and very soon made him forget his .senatorial dignities. .. ' On the evening alter his reach ing town, the bill was brought in and, at two in the morning, the division took place— a vote was of too much consequence, not to look after it closely— and a castle messen ger was in waiting in Exchequer- street, who, when the , debate was closing, put Harry, with three others, into a coach, and brought them down to the House. Unfortunately, how ever, they mistook their friend's y voted against the bill ; and, am ifl the loudest cheering of the opposition, the government party were defeated. The rage of the ministers knew no bounds, and looks of defiance and even threats were exchanged be tween the ministers and the desert ers. Amid all this poor Harry fell fast asleep, and dreamed that he was once more in Exchequer-street, pre siding among the monks, and mix ing another tumbler. At length he awoke and looked about him— tlio clerk was just at the instant reading out, in his usual routine manner, a clause of the new bill, and the re mainder of the house was in dead silence. Harry looked again around on every side, wondering where was the hot water, and what had become of the whiskey bottle, and above all, why the company were so extreme ly dull and ungenial. At length, vvith a half shake, he roused up a little, and giving a look of unequiv ocal contempt on every side, called out 'upon my soul, you're pleasant companions— but I'll give you a chant to enliven you.' So saying, he cleared his throat with a couple of short coughs, and struck up, with the voice of a Stentor, the following, verse of a popular ballad ; " And they nibbled away, both' night and day, Like mice in a round of Glo'ster ; ctraat rogiies thevwere all. both ereat and smalls From Flood to Leslie Foster." ' Great rogues all. 'Chorus boys/ If he was not joined by the voices of his friends in the song, it was pro bably because such a roar of laugh- . ing never was heard since the walls were roofed over. The whole house rose in a mass, and my friend Hairry was hurried over the benches by the Sergeant-at-arms, and left for three weeks in Newgate, to practice :his melody." " All true," said Sir Harry, " and worse luck to them for not liking music ; but come now, will this do ? — 'It is our melancholy duty to announce the death of Godfrey O'Malley, Esq., late member for the county of Galway, which took place on Friday evening, at Daly's club house. This esteemed gentleman's family — one of the oldest in Ireland, and among whom it was hereditary not to have any children — — ' " Here a burst of laughter from Considine and O'Malley interrupted the reader, who with the greatest difficulty could be persuaded that h|e was again bulling it— " The devil fly away with it," said he, " I'll never succeed." - I "Never mind," said O'Malley; " the first part will do admirably ; and let us now turn our attention to other matters." A fresh magnum was called for, and over its inspiring contents all the details of the funeral were plan-: ned ; and, as the clock struck four, the party separate for the night; well satisfied with the result of their labours. . . f to be continued, 