Ari incidents A few days ago a snug party of half a dozen sworn brothers in teetotalism adjourned to a house not far from the Barrack-square, for the purpose of having a jolly blow out upon a par- ticularly festive occasion. The table groaned under " all the delicacies of the season," and the feast of strong animal appetite and the flow of the pure element was proceeding with delightful harmony when lo ! at the supply of the third plate full of plumb pudding, for moderation in gormandizing is no part of the temperance or teetotal pledge at the third place full, one of the band of brothers dropped his. " chopsticks," and declared to his startled companions, " There was Brandy in the pudding ! 1 yes ! he could not be mistaken, he had of yore had too familiar an acquaintance with the evil spirit ?'' Eau de vie" not to detect his presence, whatever shape the monster might assume!" AU was now consternation the pledge broken the vow violated the Rubicon passed! who could tell what might not be the extent of their backsliding. One member who evidently did not approve of the interruption to his enjoyment, and who continued his absorbing process, ventured, with a pause, to suggest it might be fancy. The cook was summoned, and upon the first blush of his ambitious visage, it was evident he was no teetotaller, his very look evidently in creased the alarm of the unwitting offenders? anything however is better than suspence, and the chairman plunged at once " in medias res with the home questions' Fellow is there death in the pot. "I don't know exactly what you mean," returned the man of white apron and nightcap, ?'? but I have seen the ugly beast in any pot of mine "Fellow, . fellow, there's brandy in the pudding ?" " Brandy! to be sure, and I hope, gentlemen, you will not say that I have spared it? it is the only liquor I ever used to moisten the Hour when I makes a pudding, and I always uses Toby Green's best." Here was a dilemma 1 only imagine the consternation of the guilty party. After a short consultation, it was agreed to call for a washing tub, and give up the evil one. It was the next best thing to giving up the ghost, and who could survive the imputation of having broken the pledge. It must be done instanter, else the treacherous duodenum might get possession of the intruder, and rejection would be hoi>»'«",» men came a cry for strt~"";" pumps?-ome preferred zinc ; home and a decided choice in favor of ippecca cuanah?oneliked mustard; but this was thought too warm, and savoured of stimuli. At last however, they were all suited to their inclina- tions, and the writer of this incident, who was professionally employed, declares positively he has never seen. such powerful cascading since he visited the Falls of Niagara. What steps were taken to supply the vacuum, the deponent vouchers not, for not being of the testator fraternity, he was not permitted to prescribe. 