ANOTHER LEAF FROM THE LOG OF I SCAPEGRACE. AFTER the town of St Pierre, in the Island (J I Martinique, surrendered to the British crane 1809, when order and confidence we call lished, we had little else to do but amuse selves . " There is a beautiful sandy beach on the i_" hand side of the town, the bay say arineditiinM soweconsidtrcd this beach an excellent fJi to try our luck with the fishing nets Nor" we disappointed, we never failed each moral to catch as main as afforded a comfortable n to the whole of the ship's company WeM we caught was so serious in shape, size K character, that it could not fail to afford much gratification to a naturalist In«11*"/. see our curiosity night he called to action I was a literal throwing pearls to remedy had not a philosopher from stem to stern" ship, there were some of these fishes is tiful in form ! and the different shades of coW * use en to excite our admiration r°uS""?¿ taught as we were, and some ugly, IVY and" abhorrent in an equal dence, and attitudes of others in all shapes, feels. as""', if it were to form the bases of a chain to" the two extremes insects It was on the first morning of our 1 auto, j news on this beach, when vic thoughts; caught enough, and begin to long free of amusement, that is to prepare s d easy last, part of what we had caught, Ita to menced to gather the fish into barker to J, them to the boat, I, of course, we F J , any body else, but in trying to lift my "«" Larger size to the bucket, I felt an AJS. claim to cut; away, e, -.- ? any body else, but in trying to h ft or) larger size to the bucket, Hanlan bable sensation throughout his whole r it was a piece of hot iron, as far J "shed and I did not know what to make I recovered my self-possession, lover I make assurance doubly sure, I f fd £ with both hands No sooner do I lost I received such a peak in 5 and get joints, as made me imagine they were dr JL I was fairly obliged teacher in ¡T¡;^ tells me .wton^menumoui.^to'«^, and I was actually in that state "hen W J mending officer came towards. Scapegrace," said he, " SQU look as II V seen a ghost come, before planned, ariel let us get on board to breakfast, for I begin to feel rather peckish." I am making all the haste I pan," sail I, " but this fellow is really too heavy for me." " What," says he, " that paltry fish," and touching it with his great toe, (of course we were all barefooted), a convulsive spasm ap- pa ed to distort his features ; he stood aghast; I IHicve his very hair curled on his head and shoe 1 mi end ; he was fairly paralyzed. The fish, I need scarcely say was a large torpedo. We managed to get it into the boat, however, though not an individual among us had the niosUbstant idea that any animal in the creation possessed such p\\.traoiduinry faculties. It was pulls amusing to hear the sage remarks made by each upon this singular fish; but most of us concluded that the fish was possessed by an evil spirit. ________________ 