N -ews of the Day. Tun DDArtNro OLAss.-The adjourned dis cession of the question, "Was the 'career of Napoleon Bonaparte.benefisial to Eun-ope," will be resumed by the Debating" Society, at the Mechanio's c&hools; of Arts on Menday evening next. Snccxurea Daeoeur-New EN.LAND.-By a letter received.from Mr. Commissioner Mayne, of New England, dated Oct. 27, we regret to learn thatthe.whole of that extensive district was suffer •ng extreme distress from drought-no rain having fallen for a considerable period, the water-holes had become dry, cattle were perishing far lack of :water and f,od. Plains of miles in extent are described as being without a blade of grass, or bearing the slightest symptom of vegetation, and preseti.ng an aridity of appearance almost na exampldl in New South Wales. Govaenwain.r Omrcas-Hovns or ATrZND awea.-We regret to state that the Colonial S-. cretary has beep suntble, from indisposition, to attend to thea dAut~e of his office sinace Tuesday last., The hourseof attendance at thisas well as at the other Government offices, if strictly enforced, are incompatible with the healtli of the Clerks and impede the despatch of public business. The attendance required being from 9 in the morning until 4 in thso evening, no time being allowed for refreshment or recreation. Thus, yotbath who have never? before' known fatigue or -restrint, are at once. placed in an office where seven hours attendance and close application at a desk is re quired at their hands. To indefatigable attention' to the duties, and unvarying observance of the rules of his office may be attributed the indispo sition of the Colonial Stcretary. Zeal for the Publio service and for the despatch of Public business, doubtless canused the adoption of the present hours of attendance but they have failed to produce the desired effect. When the youth nl Clerklasa; been seated at his table or desk for four or five hours writing or examining papers, he becomes fatigued, his task irksome, and his desire is, not that his duty were performed, but that the hour were come for leaving the oofie. Were the Clerks.eallowed eashour, from one till two o'-clool, for taking refreshment and recreation, and refained at the offloe an hour longer. in the eveningS, the Public business would be expedi ted, Ond the Clerks materially benefited. 5Aq.a ov Lanss.-On the 12th of January next, Ihe t nlonial Treasurer will put up to anotion at the Cologial Treasury, portions of landsw on `the',i i.. ~ SrU a orIs@ bi t QYornmcut, ia tbo following cauntiec:--Tthurst, wVer* orel-nd, F, Brisbane, Hunter, Noithumberlnd, Durham, sluht Gloucester. Roxiburgl, W~ellirgto., Ph?!lap, Cam. in S den, Argyle, Georgians, Murray, fI.ia, Cookl, tho and St.'Vinccnt, • . IsuwgsT.--On Wednesday, an inquest was " s. held at Hill's public house, Pitt- street, on the of l ,body of Mvaggaret M'CoQ, aged 56 years. It am appeared by the evidencc' adduced that the de. h-on ceased, on the preceding iday, fell from a bench fora on-which she was sitting and instantly expired. pe Surgeon Russel testified that deceased's death was on f caused by intemperance, and the Jury returned a sev verdict accordingly. .tat pstsrxoLoor.-On Tuesday evening, at the app Mechanics' School of Arts, Mr. John Stewart A delivered a lecture demonstrativo of the benefits nan arising from malking the study of physiology a for branch of general education. In consequence of Hal the tempetatous state of the weather on-Tuesday gay .night, the attendance was but small, and Mr. the Stewart, -at the request, of the Committee, will, ma therefore give a repetition of bis.lecture this ati evening. .wh P- ENC?-?TauET Nonrs.--The attention of bra Mr. Miles is requested to the disgraceful and filthy hoj Sstate of the north end of Prince.street : as, though we believe it -to -be the duty of the in spector of the district to see to the removal of all t S.nuisances, the duty so required is, in this part of wvi t the town, entirely neglected. The centre of the T the street is hereabouts made the receptacle for 6a the ashes, aeapsuds, reFise food, 8sc. ,which pro. , duce a nauseous and unwholesome efluvia, far let .from pleasant in these scorching days. The na Police Act provides a remedy for this, and it til should be enforced. As the north end of on 'l Prince-street iscapable of very great improvement, em we had heped that a beneficial change might in " take place on the first .occasional .visa of the in Assistant Town Surveyor, butwe observe that this as gentleman prefers riding down George-street, pi it! rather than endanger his neck by attempting a in i, survey of this street (far north.) GROUND SsAuss.-On Tuesday 'last, a shark w st was seen off Aspinal and Brown's whastf, thy some to g of the crew of the ' Seringapatam,' whaler, who st immediately lowered a boat and proceeded to at attack the voracious monster which had just com- to menced feeding on the carcase of a dead horse g, then floating down the stream. One of the sea t men" struck the shark with a harpoon, while a another wounded it severely with a spade, and at c length it was killed and towed aloagside the 1, e ' Seringapatam.' On being measured, it proved a to be thirteen feet in length and sit in- drcumfer-- i ence. Shortly afterwards, another shark was seen j id in the harbour, and the same boat's crew, after l of some delay, succeeded in destroying'it, when it was found to measure twelve feet in length, tid c on being cut open, the body of a dog was found it in it, entire, and having suffered no decomposition. Id Both eof the sharks referred to were of the kind 4 usually known as ground sharks, which are the rr, most ravenous of their species. 1 CourrcTAL..-On Wednesday last, Thomas bt,, Connell, a corporal in the 96th regiment,was fully he committed for trial on a charge of having forged ck two cheques for £5 each, on the Commeroial Bank, or Sydney, in -the 'name .of Lieutenant ing James Chambre of the Mounted Police Corps- er, On the same day, a boy, named John Davis, was in committed on a charge of stealing a piece of.fira wood, value six-pence, from the wharf of Mr. van Andrew Young, Liverpool-street- On the as s-e ?12 day, a man named Jackson was committed on a bad charge of stealing half-a-crown from aanntociceted person -with whom he was in .company. DaA-DanrUL ACCTDENT mr InBlTrlrzai.-On Tuesday evening last, the Catholic Orphan Schuol tn- House on the South 'Head Road, was struck by nto lightning, which entered at various parts of the building. ' The shock was so wqolent as to throw to the ground most ao edamn thiple ( v ser. was discovered that three children named Eiden was Bellisford, aged ten years,. raencts Meany, aged nine years, and Johui ox, aged seven years, had t of been visited by tue electric fluid and were quite t in dead. -Several otherrindividuals were ealso :lihtly for scorched and otherwise injured, and the nurse Sbeuiagiug to tse? esiaibishmene had the sole of her shoe torn off, butlSappily escaped uiaharmedn-O r Wednesday, an inquest wae held on the bodies of the deceased children, and a verdict of " Died by the effects of Lightning" was returned. BATHERS BEWA&E.-On; Tueaday las, a .whale.boat was observed making way through the water at a spanking pace, and as her speed was maintained without pulling or sailing, her motive' power became a subj.-ct o consideraole interest tb tbhelookere-on. Some ventured.to suppose that she was propelled by the Archimedian screw ; but as nothing like a whirligig was visible at her tarn,,, this supposition was abandoned for one of 'a mere. general nature, namely, that the boat aforesaid must be going it, at the instance, and. in virtue of some novel but potent application of steam power, with which thebystanders were one and all utterly unacquainted. But there was no farther occasion for speculation on the subject, as it was soon ascertained that one octhe harpooners of the Semingapatam, whaler, had taken the liberty of putting an iron into a large shark that was -luxuriatingly discussing the delicacies involved in the carcasa of a dead horse. The shark, it appears, had no notion of chalybeates, and,occoidingly, cut his stick, taklingwitlh himthe boat, and proceeding at 'a killipg pace,. in the circumnavigation of Goat Island, which feat he having achieved to his liking,. e, gave, up the ghost, having "afforded some eCeillent" sport. to his pursuers. The length of this monster was thirteen feet, anti the girth 'seven feet. It was discovered, when the uith was killed, that the harpoon had struck just above one of the petoral fas, and had gone completely throdghtheo hark. -Comnmwunicated. P0nLac House Ronnnavr.--On Tuesday i~ , Mr. Charles Bath, a 'publcan at irickfielj Hill, discdvered that tlesum of ibarty-hinep-oiinds ten shillings, in note ?and silver, had been abstract. edfrom a drawer in his bed.rooms, A? ?ma pamed. Larigboyine has' been taken~.into custody on mae. picion of being concernet l' the theft, but has ~cearonendsd for-further evidence. '•'?at WAr n oss Tr '- n Monday last, the :ian, named Williams;,who had been. p. prehended on a charge of stealing a. carpet bag containing bills and money to the 'amosiant of £?o0, the property of Mr. Walah, a lodger at the White Horse ,Inn. George-street, was fully committed for trial.-On Tuesday, Thormaa Itos" who had been taken idti; custody on suspicion of being concerned in the aforesaid robbhry, was ordered'to be discharged. (From tAe GovernmerJ Gatele.) . CONVEYAwNC ". i WATER.--Notics I hereby given, that.rendera will' be ieceived at the Cq lonial Secrethry's Office, rulstil Mmday, thbe29th instant, at twelve o'clock; from persons willing to Contract foi` Conveyance, either by steam or sailing vessels, of cabin and steerage passengers. troops, prisoners, and stores, 'for the Colonial service, to and from Melbourne and Sydney, for the year 1842. 'lh6 tender mustatate the rate of each cabin passenger, likewise for each steerage passenger, soldier, or prisoner, with and without the supply of the established ration for ?ca'h, as well da the rate per ton, measurement, or weight for stores. Payments will be made at Sydney, by quarterly bills, 'on the production of the receipts and certificates from the proper Oficers, tof the due performance of the services required. Parties tendedrog,'ortheir agents, are.requested to apply to ,the .:Master. Attendant, .for any information, required, and to attend at this On8ce at.thoiwie of opq'in? tie' t.eders. . Friw CATL.S.-Some tne attle a re slaughtered at Mr. George Hill's taughter.hu in 4uesex-itreet-indeed, weraowe to take one cG those already' tslughtered'et a criteriti, w?: } wroighcd 1316 lbs, they are such as ere tcldoen sewn in Sydney. SAvAoi AssAULT..-On Monday la~, ase-rvnt of Mr. Wells, of tho. Lord Neleon Ind, found a man concealed under the stairs in his mzyter'a house. He immediately attempted to drag him forth, when the fellow (who proved to be on Frederic Framier) struck himseveral violent hbloa on the bend rwith a quart- pot, whirs; s 9: severely wounded that very little hopes are enter. taned of his recovery. Frazier.-has eies been apprehended by the police. AccrDswr.--On Monday last, as an engneer, named Dove, was assisting to fix a new boiler for the steam engine, at Mesars. Barker a4n SHatlen's Mills, part of the brickwork underneath gave way, and the boiler slippli? downr crdshed: the engineer against a wall. The unfortunate I. man was quickly extiicsted from his fearful pee. Srtion and medical assistance was soon procure d; when it was discovered that, although?4.h a 4 , ,e were broken, the sufferer had received such severs f bruises and other injuries, that but very fail r hopes are entertained of his ultimate recovery, t Gasannmas' CAL NDAfr.-Novemiber In Aug.; tralia, as regards the annual seasons, corresponu f with the month of May in the arctic hemisphere. a Turnip fallows now receive their final ploughing, and are generally manured as soon after as cir. earnstanoes wall permit ; the ploughing of ner land is also brought to a close. The farmer has e now an opportunuity of observing:wha t parts o! t the lately sowed crops are likely to fall, and ,f ought to lose no time in pleugbing up such as , are most likely to do so, and thensow backwheat it in their stead. This nay altobe sowed on land to Intended to receive wheat seed, for which it is; is an excellent preparative, it being a lugominous t, plant of easy culture, fertillzing the soil, ahd be. a ing ripe in ?ufieienit time to admit of being bar.' vested soon enough to allow the grjitid to be plonkged and towel wite wheat; beild caback *k wheat is regarded as being very good foreing 1e food for fattening swine previounto their being lo staughtered. It may also be observed, that in to scarce seasons Europeans use this as a substi. n- tate' for bread oern. These operations being so gone'throngh, the farme'" ought to"employ his a" teams in collecting manure, of which he will'get lie a good quantity frord the tiedi of pondsa and at creeks-he ought also to employ them In bring. he :Ig in time for the same purpose. This intervel ed also affords a favourable opportunity for collect. ;r- l ,g stones to 'raise fences, and also for bringing uon in building .materials in order to raise a tab ter stantial farm house, barn, store.honse; ∾ bie t it sides, in this month, the wheat harvest generly. .nd commences, for which the huswsandman onghtU Lid get every provision made which time and ecinm.: on. stances will allow. For instance, he ought ind to engage a aufficieert .umber of reapers, igor. the der that his crop may be rut down in proper time, and netbe suffered to remain in the ground after it is fully ripe-because, when this is the nacs 'ce, if it he shaken by even a light brees, a ily quantity of the grain is thrown from the ear ao the ground, and is oneequently lost to the pro. oial prietor. Another object is to get the barne anready f'or receiving the crop, they ought not only to be swept clean and freed from old grit if, was every description, but the. farmer wi'l find it r- profitable to wash them within and without with M a . scd'iea of q tick.?iime, which. will ho.t only. *give them an 'appearance f el?unlinaes. but will .destroy the small vermin which subseq4uctly .destroy the grain and reduce its value. Ioor4sr 'to secure wheat properly in this Colony. the sai# .operations are tnenesary that are carried on ls Britain, vis.-It should be cut in. proper season \if fort our or the market, it should be cut when flesh ripe and well winnowed, and taken dry its to the fareyardV , and every meas. ?,oy :I vrm¢?t' it from beomi r-be '`. wi tl] bond and that 4he?°botttnF'jt;re ,not uno I nece..arily occupied by:grest ana&s; ppet parts or. wild flowers--for most bt thoe beingnsarcharged with moisture, tend greatly to spoil the grain by their moisture entering into the stalks of the wheat, Wihich by its sahbsquent movement,, gives birth to mildew and othel?iseases, whldi will seriously aiffrct the quality as well as the qutptlty of the wheat. It is.advantageous to ote? up the bottoms 'of the heading sheavesbe. fore theysare laid on the stock, for the'pu'tpo,' of allowing the grass and sower taps to faliet before the sheaves are laid on. After the gr?ht has been properly winnowed, it ought.to b; carefully removed and stacked, in the barnratd: -the stacks should be built of a circularor oots, penal form, on, ataddles, having a crtral ve;t' throughout to oauso a current of air. to circulate; through the mid lie 'of the stack. The vent. if, possible, should be left open for a few days efter, the stack has been built, but the thatching a:sdu the heading ought to be put on as son: as pot.s sible after the building has been completed." moreover, whenever there Is an appear?nce of; rain, the central vent should be closed bya go d! layer of straw, in order to prevent it from resoh. ing the heads of the sheaves. : The importance` of proper stacking is apparent, from thefact; that' wheat is found to keep bestin"th-sficak.,e td us'!. so. that the farmer who wishes '?tdianose of h4 crop to advantage in New. Sduthl .Wales, uiist generally keep it past him for four or five monthr.' The hop plantation dhould now be attended, to, in' order that the ground may be freed from 1weeds; 'the good binds may be' tied. up. and the', useless ones removed from'the soil. . November is also the season in Australia for eaking ha',' ;which ought not to be cut: till ~itly ripe whei: 'intended forfodde, and should'; bperfetly diy when it is removed from. the .fleld tothe farm-, 'yard; when it is intended to gather "the seeds) from the hay, the 'tting should ibe commenced! when theigrase isasharp ape. , The ..sheep.shear. ing and washing in' the upland tdistricts is the pftinipireisimployment, for; the 'month. Inthe orchardi esuch trees?as have: been inocbate iaei summer, should have the yotip. shoots tied'to, the' tops of the stoek, 'or a stake ahould'?bs driven into the ground 'near, them for: thilpare? , pose, so that they.may not be injured bp.the wind. Great attention. should now be paidto the budded rand&grafted; tres, and each, tsuhbi) as s lt'snot grbd from the.eye; of the bud,..or tt. teatat be e.rdmoved; a,; order that they maey ýo*o. tessesd-thie nourishment which the graft or'" bud should receive from the stock. 'Evergreeua may now' bse Ipropagated : bylaers 'from the' young shoots of thie summer growth. :The layler oft -ose, appte, and banana suckers are to7 bie te, muoved.. in the kitchen garden, ,.ebott :thei beginning of the month, we may soweabbaige sand carrots, and, as oportunity offers, F~ench "beaut mAY ay bo oired.-aThfig' Almanac. -.-·· -ter, 