y n, *.*'i,,urf?rmrrrwxxa SYDNEY GAZETTE. 1UE>DAV, MAY .5, 10U. The present alarming state of the financial -relations of ihe Colony will, of course, com .mand iho earnest and early attention of the -Colonial Council,-and our Legislators, while they must, of necessity, be cognizant of our di li-.nijH, nul iioU'a'û lo probe deeply for the root . of the evil. " Mugnus, oui pottst rcrum cognobrere caujas." Among the causes, then, we would suggest ?the heedless extravagance of our ratio ofim -portí, in proportion to exports. The balance of trade'is frightfully against us, while the great hulk of Mir importation has been for merchan-, ilizo, which may either be considered as super- fluous, or with which »ve could easily supply ourselves, -Of these, salt provisions, sp:rils, -wine, grain, flour, hot ses, cofU-e, tobacco, .sugar-nye, and ten, are among the most pro minent Air the cost; and every one of these, under industrious, and above all, economical] management, might bo raised in this Colony, not only in sufficient quantity, and of salUfac tory quality, for our own consumption, but for .export. But what is economical management? .undoubtedly (he wise-adoption of means to die" end ,. and this i^ here utterly neglected. , Wo have rejected the prison labour from England, and we keep a hive ofdrones at Nor .folk Island, for the amusement of the advócales, .ol' humunity run mad, whil<> nil the efforts of .the industrious sellier, and all the speculations, .of hard working dioncst enterprise,' in the no .lilest of all pursuits, agriculture, are pnraljvzsd for want of roads,-and for want of farm labour \- of all other, the best and most appropriate .Channels for the employment of the convicts ! and then we quarrel about iho religion of the free labourers we do get. 'Let us take ihesc matters a little in detail. Salt beef! in the .name of Heaven, we ask, if lhere is any prac tieal management in the Colony? why should WE import beef? Why,-badly as things ure ma «aged, the people of Sydney con buy meat of -the carcase butcher, and salt for themselves, at a considerable reduction on themerchanis'invoice ?price of -European stuff, worth in quality about . lialf as. much. Of all things in the world, «ever was any thing so practically stupid, a9 our importing beef ! " Spirits !-we believe there arc now some- where about 400,000 gallons of spirits in bond ; iba cosí of irhich alone, independent of the aiJ¿a»aHMa«»aaC3lM^"""'-T I llllllll IChUMHM JW» j Colonial duty, muslamonut lo above £100,000. > j J The quantity of wine that is in the Colony, ia almost inconceivable, but not being in Govern- ment bonded stores, we, of coirse, are without returns. Sir John Jamison, Messrs. Bushy; and some other intellectual and influential gen 'ilemen in lhe Colony, told tis, some eight yenrs ago, lhat we wore going to maka our own wine, and al least supers de the disgrace nf importing from (ho Cape; we look in vain for lhe fu fil ment of the prophecy t Our own di-tilleries are at least equivalent to every necessary supply of spirits, and maugre all the dogmas of the free trade system, and without advocating the teetotal humbug-we say, in the present state of our ii nances, a prohibitory duly should be id on THEM Wo have said again and again, that the dis- tress of lhe Colony in respect of grain ir? 1839, was no1 owing to any incapacity of the Colony, or to any want of enterprise in the settler, bul principally to the difficulty of sending his pro- duce lo market ; and next, lo tlie shameful sys- tem of controul, which has been held in Sydney over the priée of corn, by a few individuals, so that it hearne a matter of desperate adventure for a settler lo grow more wheal, &c; , than was actually necessaty for the consumption of his own establishment, lest he should reap - the loss of his outlay.'-iha consequence of this has been that Brother Jonathan lins already carried away Tots of our " mopusses,"-and will deluge us willi flour to the injury of our farmers-and tahe\nothing of us in the nay of barter. HOUSES, too \ - because our exports were looking up so strongly, we must lake to importing ponies and Valparaiso mares to degenerate the breed of the Colony, after all the spirited efforts that have been made, at great personal sacrifice by many men, both of high and low degree, lo servo iho Colony in this respect. But, wo had so much purplufl cash, we must squander it at South America, as well as the United Stales. Such has been the heedless nature of our ex- penditure, and the slovenly management of our resources, and what have we lo stand up against -we are not to be blamed that tbe price of wool has fnllen-we can only regret that our oil irado has degenerated into a bagatelle, but we must apply the principles of practical domestic economy lo the Colonial purse, and turn eveiy effort to production here, and a pre camionaiy system of import. -It is one circumstance greatly to be regretted, that some of our leading men, have not the spirit to do something in the way of practicd (ffort, to promote the useful cultivation of lhe vino, (lie tobacco plan!, the sugar cane, and the-tea tree here. Tiny sadly want tlie ghost of Robinson Cru oe among them. The age boasts of the advances it has mnde in the science of political economy ; but if we could get Daniel Defoe, fTesh from his house it» Aldgate, we do verily believe, the good old citizen would kittlo np our saiurnity, much to his amusement, and our profit i 