MR. MANN'S SPEECH ON THE LATE COMMISSION OF LUNACY. ON the opening of the Coulton Monday morning, Jan. 1st, which had been adjourned from Sa turday Mr. Mann rose and observed that it would be worse than useless for him to enter upon the nature of those duties which the Court and Jury were called upon to discharge. There was not a gentleman among them, he was sure, who did not feel as deeply and keenly as himself, that the life blood of the man's life, upon whose case they had met to institute a judicial enquiry, was bound Up in the careful exercise ot' their judgment, and that should they by their verdict pronounce him insane they might as well erase his name from the roll of human existence. The Anchorite and Eremite might seclude themselves from so ciety, but they did it voluntarily, and looked for a reward in the end. But, in the lunatic, they took from him heaven and left him hell-they made him a living corpse without the protection Of the tomb. The case before them required much consideration. The evidence that had been adduced did not he thought-in point of fact he was sure it did not- ! sustain the ca«e which had been attempted to be made out. In proceeding in this argument, therefore, be should first show them the nature of! the duties imposed upon them. The writ »as is sued to the Sheriff. It was not like those issued ^ in England-it was scarcely so extensire. It, was formerly the practise to issue them to the Sheriff in England, but now a body of gentle-, men were appointed, and the writ was of a more, extensive nature. The writ he held in his hand gave them to understand that Mr. M'Pherson was lunatic; that he was incapable of the manage ment of himself and his affairs; that he had alienated part of his goods and chattels ; and it went to direct them to enquire, whether be was' lunatic, and how, and after what manner, and at what time this had commenced. Now, it was very obvious, from the nature of the writ, that they should have a very clear and distinct idea of what lunacy was,and what was necessary to con stitute a man a lunatic. He had hoped to have gathered some distinct notions from Messrs. Nash and Wyatt, but he was sorry to say that they were not so explicit as to enable him to gain any light. It bad been quaintly but very justly said,-if yon lay by anything for ten years, you are likely to have some use for it ; and it singularly happened, that he had something which he had laid by upwards of ten yeats, and for which he had now use-it was his test of madnesss or lunacy. His test was drawn in part from some articles which had appeared in the Edinburgh Magazine, and which at the time had excited some attention. It was there said that idiotcy was the absence of mind ; and that madness was the aberration of mind ; and that madness might be known by a man's drawing right conclusions from wrong pre mises-. Now-, when a man was lunatic, he ad mitted, that that state of madness would lead him to fix upon wrong premises, and draw right conclusions from them ; but he found that this definition did not hold-in point of fact, it was essentially defective--for many a man not at all chargeable with madness might, draw right con clusions from wrong premises. Now, his defini tion of madness was this :-madness is the con tinuous assumption of wrong premises, in the face of, and contrary rb, the. evidence of the senses, and the deduction from these premises of right conclusions. If that definition was ri¿ht, they might get a clear notion of what lunacy was ; whether under the head of mania or melancholia ; or in other «Ords, whether it was the madness of phrenzy, or the madness of dejection. The essence of madness» as appeared from the above definition, lay in a man's per sisting in seizing hold of wrong premises, in the face of the sense3, and although, there were facts before bis eyes to the contrary. He would give an instance. A man who is lunatic seizes hold ! of the idea that he is a monarch, although he is j surrounded with all the filth of a dungeon, and ai! the wretchedness of our. common nature; and, so impressed is he with this conviction, that, in spite of everything to the contrary, he believes himself to be possessed of as much glory as a monarch if seated Upon the throne of i the universe. This was the very essence of madness :-the exercise of the creative power of the mind, raismg an ideal world around the madman, which shuts out this our Work-day existence, and teaches him to act in a world of his own creation. He must be allowed here to quote a beautiful passage from our immortal Bard, which in earlier life had made a deep im pression on his mind, and which illustrated this point more clearly than any other language he had ever yet heard. It might seem strange to introduce Shakespear into that Court as a text book, but the pertinency of the illustrations he was about to introduce from it would at once be acknowledged. His first passage was from the ''Midsummer Night's Dream," and it formed part of à convergí tion with Theseus and Hippo lyte, in the 1st. sr ene of the 5tb. act. "Bip. «Ils strange, my Theseus, thal these lovers speak of "The. More strange than trite I never may believe These antique fables j nor like fairy toySi, Lovers, and madmen* bave such seething brains. Such shaping fantacies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends. The.lunatic, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination ali compact ! One sees more devils than vast hell can hold ; That is the mailman : the lover, all as frantic, Sees Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt, The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling. Doth glance froai heaven to earth, from earth to heaven ; And, as imagination bodies forth These foitts of things unknown, the poet's pen { Turns them to . shape, and gives to airy nothings A local habitartoir, and a name. Such tricks hath strong imagination ; That, if it would but apprehend some joy, I It comprehends some bringer of that joy : Or, in the night imagining some fear, j Now easy, is a bu*h supposed a bear. i How wonderful and yet how strikingly jus* is this description ! It was that in fact which forms in the positive-the " work-day world"-around him; he conjures up " the forms of things un known," and gives them " shapes and local habitation i" or in more chastened, and less poetic phraseology, he lays hold of premises, which if light in themselves, hts reasonings upon them, and bis conclusions from them, would also be right. But, before they concluded a man mad, 'hey must prove that there was this " see thing brain," these *' shaping fantasies, " these tricks of strong imagination ; " that the roan ia fact made a world for himself, and that he lived in that world,as though it was really ii existence. There might be an approach to it, and yet not be the thing itself. His deduction from all this thefore, was, unless there was strong proof of the fantistic exercise of the creative power of the mind-this continued assumption of wrong pre mires, in lhe face of, and contrary to, the evi dence Of the senses-that he was not mad. But ht« argument would, perhaps, be strengthened by giving them an opposite case. It was the scene in the Twelfth Night, between Malvolio and the Clown. The Clown assumes the char acter of the Curate.and proceeds to visit Malvolio. Mal. \In an inner apartment.'] Who calls there ? Clown. Sir Topaz, the curate, who comes to visit Malvolio the lunatic Mal. Sir Topa», Sir Topaz, good Sir Topaz, go to my lady. Clown. Out, hyperbolical fiend 1 How vexest thou this mani Talkest thou nothing but of ladies? Mal. Sir Topaz, never was man thus wronged; good ^ir Topaz,1 do not think I am mad ; they have laid me here in hideous darkness. Clown. Fie, thou dishonest Sathan ! I call thee by the most modest ter «ns ; for I am one of those gentle ones, that will use the devil himself with courtesy-Say'st thou that house is dark ? Mal. As hell, Sir Topas. Clown. Why it bath bay-windows transparent as barricadoes, and the clear stones towards the south-north are as clear as ebony, and yet com plaitiest thou of obstruction ? Mal. Ian not mad, Sir Topas ; I say to you j thi~ house is dark. Now, here they had precisely ah opposite case-no "seething brain"-none of the "shaping fantasies'*-no assumption of false premises, but a man confined in a dark room, maintaining that it was daik, and a man charged with madness, resisting the imputation of being mad. The clown asserts that the room i* light, but Malvolio persists in it that it is dark, and Malvo io was right. Here, was not one single characteristic of madness. A man might he eccentric, or be might have about him a great deal of absurdity, and yet not be mad. But, notwithstanding this clear and broad distinction, it had been said, and very justly said, that if a man's absurdity revolved in such a circle as to touch nobody but himself, the man Was only called singular; but if it was of sùch a nature as to extend to the feelings of Others, he was first called a madman, and then confined. He might sit with his face to the tail of his own horse if he pleased, or ride it in whatever other manner he would-, and only be Considered a little whimsical or fantastical ; but sa sure as he played these pranks with the horse ol his neighbour or bis friend, so sure were they to pronounce him mad. But he must return to his definition of madness-he must in other words again remind them, that where there was not the continued assumption of wrong premises, in op position to the senses, with right conclusions drawn from them-there was no ,proof Of mad ness. If this argument would apply to Mi McPherson-and if it could be proved, that by the assumption of such premises, fae had dissipated his property, or was incapable of managing his affairs, why then they must find him lunatic. But if not-however great his eccentricity-01 however absurd some of the stones told of him might seem-yet they could not find him mad. Having, as he hoped, so fully impre^ed upon them his ideas of madness, he should now analize the evidence before him, and apply, as be proceeded the test be had laid down. And first, he shocld call their attention to wim) he called eccentric freaks-verging, perhaps, io some cases to what might be called lying state ments-such, for instance, as his account to ali Newland of what brooght him to the race-course, He told Mr Newland, that he had brought his master to the race-course. Now, this was no proof of lunacy, though it - Wis; very absurd, Were he lo pronounce Mr McPherson a lunatic On suco evidenre as this, he might pronounce a friend of his-an eccentric being-a lunatic j whc had sent for him at midnight, and bad had him roused up, merely to play the fool with him; The fact was, in the case ot Mr M'Pherson, it was a mere joke ; it began in itself and ended tn itself, and no further reference was made to it. There was no assumption bf false premises, with the drawing of right conclusions; nothing of die working of the brain, or of the "shaping fan tasies,' which conjured up a new world around him. and which could lead them to suppose thal the man was mad¿ Then again, be had taken Mr M'Farlane'8 horse, and bad ridden down tc the Poi? and had put on Mr M'Fariane'strow sers, which he had very truly said were too large ; but he bad never insisted that Mr M'Farlane's horse was his, nor had he ever laid claim to Mi M'Fariane's trowse ~~own. So from begining to end it would be found, there was no new world created . around him ; títere weie, to be sure, some few eccentricities ; bet the working of the man's mind was in thc region of imagination and not in the region ol fact. But he came now to that which- was thc very essence of this enquiry-Mr M* Pherson*« . dealings with property. Now, according to thc I writ, they must find something like a disposition to touch property ; an alienation or a dissipation of a large portionof his goods or chattels. He should take this both positively and negatively. And first, be had asked every one of Abe witnessa whether they had ever known of any dissipation oj property, and the answer of each one had been, that they had not; Mr Stephens hid admitted thai he had never found a check, but for a bona ndt consideration. Thus the ground work of th« writ was undermined. But let them take tin negative view of the question. He had asked Mr Kinchela if he would go over to Port Chicóle io the Abeona, and Mr Kinchela had »aid that he would if Mr M'Pherson would make him cap tain, but he never' imagined the Abeona was bis own, nor did he convey «üch an impression to Mr Kinchela. Here, agiin, there was eccentri city, but no madness; for if it bad been madness, be would have gone from it, or have gone-further into it; but of diese neither tbe one nor ibe other was to be seen. Mr deeyn's case was also in point. Mr M'PheYsOa had met with Gleeson, and had spoken to him about his property ; but he had not said-"youScoundrel, vou have got my property, and I must have it ;" on the other hand, he quietly asks bim, what he wiri take for it, and upon receiving his answer, he employs the prooer means to get ¡t¿ Were they to divest their minds of all they had heard elsewhere, there was nô Stronger case to show the absence of the assumption of wrong premises and the drawing of right concisions from then, br to prove that the man was living in the actúa! world around him; and not in a world of his Own creation. Mr. Stephens had indeed «»id, that the note sent to him for the loan of £5000 was in the nature of a check, but Mr. M'Pherson bad dented that that was his intention, and had told them that he had not yet received an answer to his note, and the bargain, with Mr. Gleeson, therefore, was not yet concluded. But Mr. Newland's case j came still nearer and nearer. Mr. Nash's test of! madness was, that a man would stick to an error. ¡ But when Mr. M'Pberón was inforiried by Mr. Newland that he bad no money in the (lank of , Australasia, be at once drew a, check. upobT the right bank. The lunatic mind w*s strong in -its weakness, but here there was no delay in the cor rection of the error. The most that <*ould be made of this was, that it was the act of an un reflecting mind, but not of the mind of a mad man. He would now, however, come to.the tes timony of the medical men. As a professional man himself, he felt a strong inclination to place im plicit confidence in the man he employed. He bad looked, therefore, with great earnestness to the opinions of the medical men who had been examined, under the hope of obtaining some de finitive test of madness, but he was bound to say that, if they followed their guides in the evidence which they had then given, they must, as a mat ter of course, find Mr. M'Pherson sane. Mr. Nash had first formed Iris opinion of Mr. M'Pherson's madness from his having applied to bim under the notion of having been poisoned, when in reality there seemed to be nothing the matter with him beyond a little ordinary exciter ment occasioned perhaps by drink. But still Mr. M'Pherson might have had good cause to believe thU, and his application under such a notion for medical advice was but a poor test of madness. All Mr. Nash had seen of him since amounted in pomt of evidence to a mere nothing. He had offered to sell Mr. Nash two sections of land at Encounter Bay, which he alleged had been bought from Mrs. Hindmarsh by Mr. Osborne ; but. supposing him not to be joking with Mr. Nash; it had come out in evidence, that the above was a bona fide transaction-and therefore in this case could prove nothing. There was a wide distinction between hypochondriacism and monomania, and a still wider between eccen tricity and madne«s. He had. given mern instan ces of eccentricity, and would now give them One of hypochondriacism. The great Pascal through life had laboured under the idea that there was an immense precipice on his left side, and it was observed on taking his chair -that he always looked to see that he did not sit tod near its edge. But no one thought Pascal mad, al though on this one point there was a continuance of the erroneous impression through life. -If sticking to aa error, however, was to be consi "dered a test of madness, Mr M* Pherson was not mad, as had been proved in the case of h s trans actioa with Mr New'and. Mr Wyatt said that Mr M'Pherson had spoken to him of having bought a wife. There was -something odd m the expression, but it was easily accounted for. Mr M'Pherson had told them,tbit he laboured under the impression that Messrs Nash and Wyatt had come to trifle with bini, and he had determined to arouse them. One Ôf Mr Wyatt's tests was, that he spoke at the time under great excitement, and yet there was the absence of fever. And another was, that when a man was mad there would be an adherence lo error. But Mr Wyatt had seen Mr M'Pherson bat once, and had never gone back to see whether the man's error came within the predicate which he himself had put. What weight then could they attach to his testi mony? He should have seen him again abd again-he should have gone all round the com pass of those subjects-- he should have tested them as they had been tested in that court-and then his evidence would have been entitled to some consideration. In the face of Mr Wyatt's evidence, he would assert that it was hypochon driacism, and not madness, and therefore the ca«e was placed out of court. Between the principles which he had laid döwn, and the evidence of one Of the medical men, however, there was a close and determined analogy. It was the evidence Of Dr. Rankin, the facts of which were, that though he lived with him, he bad never s:*en him in a state of decided insanity; that it was more an approximation to an irregular action of the mind ; that he was at alt times capable of being roused to a correct judgment, and that when thus roused up he was capable of conversing very correctly. If Dr. Rankin's evi dence was correct, it would be imposable for them to come lo any other conclusion, than that there was not insanity. For if he wai capable bf being rouged up to speak and judge correctly, it did not fall within the compass of the illustration he had given, but formed its very opposite. Though he may be told with. Malvojiô, that'the sun is sbining around him, whilst he feels himself pent up in darkness, he will not believe H.- Bat when a man can be roused up by a word, and be led to judge and speak accurately, there was no more madness, than «here was in him at the pre sent moment. He had now applied his definition of madneS; to the evidence which had come before the court, and should proceed to Mr M'Pherson himself. If the jury did not take his definition of madness, let them form one of their own, but let -them not suffer their minds to be warped by the definitions they had beard in connection with' the medical testimony, except that of Dr. Rankin They had seen Mr McPherson in that Court, and had fully examined him, and they had had im pressed upon them the importance of distinguish» .ing between eccentricity and madness. He felt disposed to rest very strongly upon what Mr McPherson had said, and though perhaps there might be some evidence of weakness of in-nd in him i yet there was no evidence of roa-Iuess. But he must resort to his old author "Shakespear1' for an illustration. It was the scene between the Prince of Denmark and his Motherin the exit Of the ghost. " "Quent. This is the very coinage of your brain; This bodiless creation, ecstacy ls very cunning io-*. Hamlet. Ecstacy! My pulse, as yours doth temperately keep time. And makes ashealthful music : it is not madness* What f have uttered : bring tee to the test, And I the matter will re-word 3 which madness Would gambol from/* Here was another test of madness, and its opposite was strongly illustrated m the case of Mr McPherson. Madness never " re -words the arter;" it sticks to its purposej and revolves thin its new Created world J it draws every og wUhhj Hs vtiftsX, « «id it re&rstes; th* iparae thought, bat where madness'existed the re-word ing of the mattèr was out of the question* Now, what was their test? They had heard Mr. McPherson-he had been "questioned upon every point elicited iii the evidence-he had offered reasons for what Seemed strange, and whimsi cal, and absurd-he had told them how hê amuser) Messrs Neale and Wyatt-he bad cleared up all that had been said as to the Banks -he bad explained the nature of his in terview with Mr. Gleeson, and his application for the loan of £5.000-he had connected thé statements of Mr. Kinchela and Tine or two other fitnesses--be had not reiterated the^same thought, and ** gambolled" from it, which madmen do but he had " re-worded the matter**-had ro'd them what were the identical expressions used-and had concluded with informing them that he was perfectly cognizant of the natpre of ; that enquiry, and that he was satisfied as to the equity of the proceeding. Now, when this " re-wording of the matter"-« thing which"'never happens to i madman as it had done to Mr. McPherson-wa* found, how could they pronounce him insane 1 In no one instance had he " gambolled"from the questions which had been put, but confined him self strictly to suitable replies. Before he closed, he would observe, that there was Such a thing as an approach to madness, hut that was a thing into which,strictly speaking, they had not met to e»iqu re. There might he an approach to mad ness without taking a man out of this world of ours--without diverting him of the power of managing his ordinary aflfiirs with discretion; but however close that approximation, unless. - they found the thing itself, they must not pro nounce Mr. M'Pherson insane. Sir Walter. Scott had talked of a man having " a bee in his head"-that is. that there was a disturbance within, which led a man to act in a silly way; but all that might exist without madness.. His test of sanity was, that the man was in this world ?-the every day world around him- and not in the world of idealism. Now, his proof that Mr. M'Pherson was not insane might be expressed thus :-First, he does not create wrong premises . and draw right conclusions therefrom, but he draws premises from things actually eiistiug around him-, and argues wrongly thereon, or otherwise misun derstands them. But this was an inversion óf the proportion with which he hid set out. Secondly; there was no proof of these (wo great classes oF madness-neither the raving attendant upon ac tual phrenzy, nor the dejection attendant upon melancholia. Thirdly, there was the power of recalling matter, and of re-wording it correctly* and without leading to anything erroneous* Fourthly, there was no dissipation of property; Fifthly, it had been absolutely impossible to fix upon any lucid interval. Now, they were to enquire into positive madness. But, where there was madness, there were also lucid Jptervals, after which the man was as mad as before, if. thev found madness at all, therefore,-which was' the thing they were first to enquire into,-they should seek to know when it began, and at what time the lucid intervals occurred; but, if they cou d not tell when tb? madness began, and were unable to distinguish between madness and lucid intervals, you must give it all lucid in ter va'. The Jury not haviug been able to agree upon a verdict were discharged. 