CONSTANTINOPLE, MAY 20. — The news from the provinces becomes every day more alarming. The insurrection- ary movements in Bulgaria were the result of an extensive conspiracy in all the Turkish European provinces, which prematurely declared itself in consequence of the acts of violence committed by the Albanians at Nisse. Tranquility was far from being re- established. Albanian deserters con- tinued to overrun the neighbourhood of Boultchonk, committing the greatest excesses. The same scenes have oc- curred at Trebizonde, where the population, consisting of Christians, Turks, and Jews, immediately went over to the Russian territory, where they were provided with money and promised exemption from taxes for ten years. In Syria troubles have also broke out, and some Turkish troops have been driven back by the moun- taineers. In Crete the insurrection is complete, raising recruits, distributing arms, and furnishing men throughout the Archipelago,—Times. No Compromise with the Tories — Mr. Feargus O'Connor, through the medium of his paper, the Northern Star, thus addresses the Chartists :— "I was shocked and horror-struck to hear the very mention of a compro- mise. I am told that the Tories will set me free. Good Heaven ! my limbs though strong would refuse their office when told they owed their liberty to my country's greatest oppressor. What I be allowed to walk abroad and say, he owes his freedom to the Tam- worth baronet ! ! —the man whose name stands second only to that of Castle- reagh in the bloody book of Ireland's sad catalogue of modern oppression ! Who has gone farther to set Catholic against Protestant, and Orangemen against native Irish, than Sir Robert Peel? No one. And am I to walk abroad as a living monument of grati- tude to him for the possession of the liberty of which he has robbed my country ! No, no ; never, never, never ! First perish O'Connor ! This compromise has sealed my doom for the remainder of my dreary imprison- ment ! For, by the ghost of many a murdered Irishman, and by my coun- try's wrongs, I swear, that if an order for my liberation come tomorrow from a Tory Government, I will not leave my dungeon." Wickedness of the Corn Laws.—By a return recently published by the House of Commons, it appears that, since 1828, when the present execra- ble corn law was passed, 2330 qrs. of wheat, 63 qrs of barley, 7133 qrs. of oats, 4 qrs. of rie, 23 qrs. of peas, 38 qrs of beans, 42 qrs. of Indian corn, and 26 cwt. of flour have been aban- doned in bond and destroyed. The hogs, supposing it were damaged, were not allowed to eat it :—supposing it sound and wholesome, it was not per- mitted to reach she mouths of the poor. It was destroyed in the presence of the proper officers. The return is very particular, and fiscal laws made by landlords very precise. To make sure that not a grain of these more than 3000 quarters of corn should be used, it was " all destroyed," so says the return, " all destroyed under the in- spection of the proper officers," ap- pointed, of course, to destroy the abandoned corn. What an outrage against the goodness of God ! and this was soleminly perpetrated under the sanction of the laws of the most enligh- tened (Qy.) nation on the face of the earth. A century aud a half ago the Dutch were execrated, by all Europe for burning a few nutmeg, and a little mace and cinnamon, in order to keep up the price of the stock in their hands. But their conduct is angelic compared to that of our land-owning Parliament, which diliberately orders human food to be carefully destroyed under the in- spection of the "'proper officers," rather than allow the hungry people to eat it, whom its measures have reduced to poverty and want. They take the precaution diliberately, and of fore thought, to order it to be destroyed; making it doubtful whether a more conspicuous example of resolved and avowed wickedness is to be found in the annals of legislation.—Sun. If the love of money is the root of evil, what must the loss of money be ? When does a man " cover himself with curses as with a garment." When he is in the habit of swearing. Avoid green fruit—keep it always from your children.—Remember " an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure." The Printer.—" I pity the printer," said my uncle Toby. " he's a poor creature," rejoined Trim. ' How so ?" said my uncle. " Because, in the first place," continued the Corporal, look- ing full upon my uncle, " because he must endeavour to please every body. In the negligence of a moment, perhaps a small paragraph pops upon him; he hastily throws it to the compositor, it is inserted, and he is ruined to all intents and purposes." " Too much the case," said my uncle, with a deep sigh; " too — much — the — case," " An', please your honor," continued Trim, elevating his voice, and striking into an imploring attitude, " an', please your honor, this is not the whole," '" Go on, Trim," said my uncle, feel- ingly. " The printer, sometimes," pursued the Corporal, " hits upon a piece that pleases hint mightily, and he thinks it cannot but go down with his subscribers; but, alas ! sir, who can calculate the human mind ? He inserts it, and it is all over with him. They forgive others, but they can't forgive a printer. He has a host to print for, and every one sets up for a critic. The pretty miss exclaims, ' Why don't he give us more poetry, marriages, and bon mots ?—away with these stale pieces.' The politician claps his specs on his nose, and runs it over in search of a violent invective; he finds none ; he takes his specs off, folds them, sticks them in his pocket, declaring the paper good for nothing but to burn. So it goes. Every one thinks it ought to be printed expressly for himself, as he is a subscriber; and yet after all this complaining, would you believe it, sir," said the honest Corporal, clasping his hands beseechingly, " would you believe it, sir, there are some subscri- bers do not hesitate to cheat the printer out of his pay ! Our army swore terribly in Flanders, but they never did anything so bad as that !" " Never ! said uncle Toby, emphatically.—Amer- iean paper. Public Opinion.—The sovereign of the world, whose decrees are executed in a manner somewhat slow but always sure. Public opinion is always in the same direction with public interest. Consult the population, and prosperity of your ports, see if your trade is brisk, and if your shops have customers, and your inns are full; this is a much better criterion of public opinion than, journals, speeches and addresses. None are so fond of secrets as those who do not intend to keep them ; such persons covet secrets as a spendthrift covets money—for the sole purpose of circulation. Among the Chinese there are seven grounds for divorce, of which the fourth is talkativeness in women. Singular manner of Crossing a River. —The mode in which we passed the Oxus was singular, and, I believe, quite peculiar to this part of the country. We were drawn by a pair of horses who were yoked to the boat on each bow by a rope fixed to the hair of the mane. The bridge is then put on as if the horse were to be mounted; the boat is then pushed into the stream, and, without any other assistance than the horses, is ferried across the most rapid channel. A man on board holds the reins of each horse, and allows them to play loosely in the mouth, urging them to swim ; and, thus guided, he advances without difficulty. There is not an oar to aid in impelling the boat; and the only assistance from those on board consists in manœuvring a rude rounded pole at the stern, to prevent the vessel from wheeling in the current, and to give both horses clear water to swim. They sometimes use four horses; and in that case, two are fixed at the stern. These horses re- quire no previous training, since they indiscriminately yoke all that cross the river. — Lieut. Burnes' Travels into Bokhara. 