SAM SLICK ON BRITAIN AND HER COLONIES. from the third series of the clock maker John Bull has got a'most a grand estate in these colonies, and a'most an excellent market, and don't know nothing about either : fact, I assure you ; and if it warn't they speak better English here than the Bri- tish do, yon wonlu tanc'y yourself at home a'most, for every thing you hear , see, or touch he e, is English. Jist look at Blue- nose and see what a woppiu', great big, two- fisted crittur he .is: you won't find such a made man nowhere a most. He is more nor six foot in his stocking feet (and he has got 'em to put on, too, which is more nor half the British have,) as strong as a horse, and as supple as an eel. Well, when he is born, he isn't much bigger than a kitten ; a squallin', squeelin', kiciten, o gainly little whelp as you ever see a'most. Now, what is the first thing they do with him ? Why they wash the young screech-owl in an English bowl; wrap him up in English flannel and fasten it vvith English pins ; and then dress him in an English' frock, with an English cap trimmed with English lace. If the crittur is sick, they give him English physic with an -English 'spoon ; and the very first word he lams to speak is " English."' As soon as he. begins to use his trotters, and run about, lie has = an English, bat, shirt of: English linen, coat of English cloth and shoes of English leather. Arter that they send him to school, an' he writes with an English pen, made from an English knife, uses English ink out. of an English ink stand, and paper made in your country, and ruled with an English pencil. He spells out of an English dictionary, and reads out of an English book. He has hardly learned what Ampersand means, afore they give him a horse, such as it is, and he puts an English bridle into his moui, and an English saddle on his back, and whips the nasty spavin'd, broken- winded brute, with an English whip ; and when he stumbles,- and throws him off, he swears a bushel of horrid English oaths at hiui. He trims the great, shaggy, hairy, beast with English scizzors ; combs his nasty thick mane with an English comb ; curries his dirty hide with English curry comb ; and then ties him up in his stall with an English haltar. As soon as his beard comes, and sometimes afore, for I have known boys actilly shave for a beard,) why he goes and gets a British glass to ad mire his young mug in ; he lathers his chin with an English brush and English soap, a-lookin' as big as out doors, and mows away at it with an English razor, sharpened on a British hone, and stropped on a British strop ; then he puts on an English collar, and lies it up with an Eng lish stock, and I hope I may be skinned if he don't call himself an EnglishwiaM. A chip of the old block he is too : and young Blue-nose is as like old John as two peas, the same proud, consaifed, self-sufficient, , know- nothin' crittur; a regular gag, that's a fact. He never waits till he has a place to put his wife in, or anything to support her with; he trusts luck for that, catches the bird first, and then makes the cage. Well, see how lie goes about that: he cuts down the trees to build it with an axe of English iron, saws it with an English saw, planes it with an English plane, puts it to gether ri'itli English nails, driven by an English hammer, and then paints it with English paint and English brush. The sashes has Euglish glass, kept in by Eng lish putty; the doors are hung upon Eng lish hinges, and secured by English locks (against British thieves tho', for they forgot to reform them afore they shipped them out) ; the floor is covered with imported carpets, the windows with imported cur tains, and the fire made in imported stoves, and fixed with imported tongs and shovels. When be gives a liouse- warmin' to his friends for he is rather amorous of a frolick, the plates, knives and forks, decanters and glasses, and every thing else is English, and when the boys and galls go for to dance, hear the musick that's all ! Pretty musick it is too, afore tunes came in fashion, I guess ; but hear it. English fifes, English flutes, English drums, English pianoes, and English fid dles, (not to mention Scotch ones, of which mum is the word.) But what's the use of talkin'. If I was to tell you what they have got that they have to send to Britain for, it would take a month ; but I'll tell you what don't come : wood, water, stone, and airth, is all that they can call their own, that doesu't come from England, unless it be a few. thousand wood en clocks I introduced here, to let'em know when grog time comes. Well, the next house Blue-nose gets into is a small one, where his nose and his toes touches the roof. You'd think he was done with England now, and that he could take nothin' out' of the world with him, no more than he brought into it; but he ain't fin ished yet. The goney wouldn't die happy if this was the case. He don't like to be separated from English manufactures even in death, for he is so used and so attached to the Old Country, that he calls his own native land Nova 5colia, and England lie calls--what do you thiuk now P why, he calls it " home he does upon mv soul ! No, Sir, the grave don't part'em, nor death shut his pan nolher, for, as soon as he is stiff, he is dressed in an Euglish shroud, and screwed down with English screws into his coffin, that is covered with English cloth, and has a plate on it of English ware, for the worms to read his name aud age on, if they have learned to spell. The riiinister claps on an English gownd, reaes the English sarvice out of an English book, and the grave is filled up agin with airth, shovelled in with an English shovel, while every man, womaii, and child that bears his name pulls out an English handkerchief, to wipe their eyes and blow their noses with, and buy as much English black cloth, crape, and what not, would freight a vessel a'most; for, bavin' larned the multiplication table airly in life, the number of his descendants would make you stare, 1 know. His children run the same rig round the same course, till they end by being packed up in a snug pill-box, in the same grave-yard. And yet John Bull says, colonies are no good. Why the man is a driveliu', sni veling divelin' idiot, and everlastin' born fool, that's a fact. Buonaparte said he wanted ships, colonies, and commerce ; one fool makes many! Every delegate, patriot and humbug that goes from here to London, if he gets by accident to a public dinner (for folks to see he ain't black) and is asked for a toast, rises up, lookin' as wise as a donkey, and says, " ships, colonies, and commerce !" 'til it becomes a standin' toast. . Buonaparte was a fool, and didn't know what he was a -talkin' about, for colonies means dH three. Them that have no colonies will lose the other two along with them. Yes, John Bull is a blamed blockhead, a cus -. But what can you expect of such critturs ? ail they can do is to grunt like a pig at corn time. The way they dont know nothin' is most beautiful, and, them that make speeches to England about the colo nies too. There ain't p'raps, no one sub ject there is so much nonsense talked about as these provinces ; it's ridiculous, it makes hie larf so, it actilly busts my waistcoat buttons off; it fairly gives me a stitch in ' the side; and I must say I do like, when I a chance, to " Snub a Snob.11 Some nice calculator has ascertained that of; the men- who commit' suicide, two thirds . at least are bachelors. The only wonder is tht the other third are not bachelors also'. Anecdote of a Rat.-— A gentleman in Bordeaux lived chiefly on toast-bread aud coflee. He only eat one piece at a meal, and one cup of coflee ; he generally read the news whilst his coffee was getting ready, and upon one occasion he forgot his coffee had been brought in, and he had taken notice of it. A large rat entered the room and cleared the plate of the toast, and knocked his cup of coffee over on the tray, and began drinking the coffee. He was struck with astonishment. , It came, he states, the following day, just as the ser vant announced that the coffee was ready, and he asked the rat if he was come to his breakfast. The rat leaped upon the gentleman's knees, and from there upon the table, and began clearing the plate as before. When the rat had drank all the coffee offthe tray, the gentleman asked the servant to bring two pieces of toast bread, and two cups of coffee, and the rat came for five mornings in succession in the same way as mentioned above, ; and the sixth' morning ! the cat entered just as breakfast was announced, with the rat in its mouth, and leaped upon the gentleman's knee, and dropped the dead rat upon the tray, at which the gentleman took ill, and if it had not been for medical aid, he certainly would have given up the ghost. He ordered the rat to be stuffed, and to be laid upon the table every time he sat down to have his toast and coffee. Royal Self- Possession. — During the first interview that Prince Albert had with the Queen immediately after her Majesty's accouchement , his Royal Highness, with great delicacy of feeling, expressed a fear lest the nation might experience some dis appointment when it should become known that the Royal infant was not a Prince. Her Majesty, notwithstanding the neces sary exhaustion under which she must have laboured, replied, with great naivete , ' Never mind, Albert, the next shall be a boy !" — Morning Post , December 8. Irish Education.— The widow of the late Thomas Drummond, under-secretary for Ireland, has given £1000 to the Na tional Board of Education, for tbe establish ment of a foundation for training school mistresses, to be called the Drummond School. The Chief Remembrancer has has given .£200 for the same object. It is said that the " Drummond Testimonials" will be placed in the grounds attached to these schools. The Lucrative " Calling" oe King craft. — Kingcraft is far Irom being the least successful of the different ways of making money, when those who follow it happen to be of a saving disposition. Even - the just abdicated King of Holland, who was only in " a small way of business," has managed to retire with a fortune of 168 millions of francs. This is really a very pretty sum wherewith to be comfortable for the remainder of his life. He might have done worse in another line. Those who remember his speeches will recollect how profusely they were interlarded with the expression of his ardent wishes for the hap piness and prosperity of his faithful Nether- landers. It is satisfactory to know that he was all the time taking excellent care of himself. He was not the man to ruin him self while looking after the interests of his subjects. Christina of Spain, too, another abdicated personage, lias, it is affirmed, rea lised a cansiderable sum wherewith to so lace her retreat from the cares of the regency. If she, iu tbe midst of the tur moil of Spanish affairs, with so much mi sery around her, and discontented subjects to boot, could save a good sum, why we must form a very exalted notion of the capabilities of kingcraft to enrich all who are engaged in it. It differs too in most other trades in being almost all clear profit; it comes likewise all out of the peoples' pockets. When princes make fortunes, it is well known who must " suffer." Mo- narchs create nothing except in the way of burthens ; they do not belong to the " pro ducing classes," except as regards the families they leave behind tliem, aud which it is the long established privilege of the people to provide for in a style suitable to the magnificent style of their bringing up. Rumours are afloat touching the abdication of another illustrious individual — Louis Philippe. If well- founded, he will be ano- . ther instance of the immensely lucrative na ture of the royal " calling.'' He has cer tainly amassed money enough to retire. At sixty seven he must need some repose ; at present he is the richest and most wretched sovereign in Europe. Let him but give up business, and lie need not fear being shot at once or twice a year to teach him the precariousness of all earthly bless ings. Our firm belief is that he would gladly retire, provided he could view the throne of the barricades as a sufficiently es tablished concern to insure the tolerance of the son lie destines to succeed him. Remuneration of Authors.- — Frag ments of History, by Charles James Fox, sold by Lord Holland, 5000 guineas; Fragments of History by Sir James Mack intosh, £5000 ; JLingard's History of England, £4683 ; Sir W. Scott's Buona parte was sold, with the printed books, for £18,000 — the next receipt of copyright on tile two first editions only must have been £10,000 ; Life of Wilberforce, by his sons, 4000 guineas ; Life of Byron,, by Moore, £4000 ; Life of Sheridan, by. Moore, either 2000 or £3000 ; Life of Hannah More, £206o ; Life of Cowper, by Soutney, £1000; Life and Times of George IV. by Lady G. Burv, £1000; Byron's Works, according, to Mr. Murray !s advertisement, £20,000 ; Lord of the Isles, half share, £1500; Lalla Rookh, by Moore, £3000 ; Rejected Addresses, by Smith, £1000 ; Crabbe's Works, republication of, by Mr. Murray, £3000; Wordsworth's" Works, republication of, by Mr. Moxon, £1050 ; Bulwer's Novels, from 1200 to £1500, each ; Bulwer's Rienzi, £1600;: Marry at's Novels, 1000 to £1200; Trollope's Fac tory Boy, £1800 ; Hannah More derived £3000 per annum from her copyrights during many of the latt'er years of her life ; Rtiudall's Domestic Cookery, £2000; Ni cholas Nickleby, 3000 ; Eustace's Clas- sicalTbmy 2100; Sir R; Iriglis obtained for the beautiful and interesting widow of Bishop, Heber,. by the sale of this Journal, £5000 .Murphy's Almanac. £3000.— Tegg on Copyright , - . 