DISCUSSION OF THE DRINKING QUESTION. On Monday evening the lecture room and Com-I mittee room of the School of Arts were as usual crowded to the doors, about 80 strangers pd for admission. Mr Rennie took the chair at half past 7 o'clock, and read several of the papers standing over upon the ghost question. Other papers will be referred to the Committee. Mr John Davis opened the debate in a way praiseworthy and well reasoned speech; for though there was an occasional smile and titter at a few rather palpable slips in grammar such as seen for "saw," yet the smilers felt, that his common sense logic (quite as good as the best College Syllogisms) was not so easily to be laughed down. He pointed out some extraor- dinary chronological mistakes in Mr M. Bourne's account of distillation, and quoted some of the highest medical authorities, such as Cherx, Darwin, Mayo, and A. T. Thomson in refutation of what of what had been said about the digesti- bility of combined alcohol in wines and malt liquors-amongst others, Mr Stuart, Colonial Hospital Surgeon here, who had found pure alcohol in the brain. But the main featured Mr Davis's speech, was his minute evidence on OPIUM-EATING IN SYDNEY which we shall now give in detail, consisting of the testimony of twelve medical men and dealers in the drug. 1\. Called at the shop of Welsh and Eldridge was told there was more opium sold three or four years ago than now. - Shopman knows only four opium eaters ; says there is a sensible de- crease in the sale of opium within the last two years. 2. Called at Norrie's ; as far as his ex- perience goes, no increase whatever in the sale of opium within the last two years. 3. Called at the shop of Huntley & Edwards; shopman knows a few persons who have been in the habit of using opium for years ; says there is a decided decrease in the sale for the last two years. 4. Saw Mr Jesset : he knows but one opium eater; has observed no increase; sells very little; 5. Saw Mr J.C.Russell, who says opium eating has rapidly decreased ; used to sell a good deal three or four years ago , has not sold half a pound with- in the last two years, nor more than about an ounce (to go up the country) within the last six months. 6. Saw Mr Glennie who from his five or six years experience says there is a decided decrease in the use of opium within the last two years : there is less sold now than ever. 7. Dr. Mckellar of the Dispensary states. that out of about 8000 patients visited by him during last two years, he has met with only two opium eaters, and one of these a debauchee. 8. Saw Dr. Fullerton, who in a considerable practice, chiefly amongst the working classes, during the last four months has not met with one opium eater. 9. Saw Mr. Cuthill, surgeon to the Be- nevolent Asylum, who states he knows of no opium eating in Sydney, except a few old per- sons, who have used it for years to allay the pain 'of functional disease. 10. Called at Mr. Camp- bell's, surgeon, George-street : the shopman sells opium to several who have taken it for years; no increase whatever in the sale. II. Saw Mr. Stuart of the Colonial Hospital ; knows no opium eaters except a few old hands ; thinks it untrue that opium eating has increased with tee-totalism 12. Mr. Harpur's testimony is the same with the last. Mr. Davis made some facetious remarks on tee- totalism not being Utopian, and sat down amidst unbounded and most deserved applause. Mr. Slatterie, in reply, made one of the best speeches we have ever heard from him,-facetious, good humoured, and well delivered. His chief argument was, that men of well regulated minds have the principle of salutary restraint from in- temperance within themselves ; and, though in desperate individual cases, the tee-total principle might be adviseable, it was too sweeping to be safely applied to the general mass of society. He is improving much as a speaker, and a great favourite, from his imperturbable good humour. Mr. Hill opposed both the Teetotal and Tem- perance principle in a maiden speech, very cre- ditable to himself, and well received by the audience, though a few of the very hot-headed party-men opposed to him, shewed a most illi- teral and disreputable spirit of disapprobation. Jlr. Hill's chief argument was, that the two societies fostered a violent spirit of proselytising and of interference with human liberty, substi- tuting for the tyranny of the sensual desire of drinking the no less to be deprecated tyranny of the Societies' Committees, and the iron fetters of their pledges. Mr. Vannett read an extract from Archdeacon Paley, promised by him at last debate, to prove that a man when drunk is only responsible for his actions in the proportion of three fourths to one fourth. The audience, by their smiles, seemed to think Dr. Paley was rather out of his depth in these calculations. Mr. Currey, in a rather long but able speech, 'began by ridiculing Dr. Paley's calculation, as adduced by Mr. Vannett. He successively took hip and rebutted the arguments of Mr. Bourne, Mr. Slatterie, and Mr. Hill, by minute documen- tary evidence from the London Teetotal Report, for 1810. Amongst other testimonies, he gave that of Lord Morpeth, as to the very extraor- dinary improvement achieved by Father Mat- thew in Ireland. The Rev. D. McKenzie, considering the late nes of the hour, recommended those who were, like guns, primed to the muzzle with speeches, jo have recourse to the safety-valve of the news- papers to let them off, in case of accidents from explosion. The rev. gentleman then went into his peculiar views of the statement and bearings of the question ; and conversation upon this en- Baed between the Rev. M. T. Adam, the chair Kan, and Mr. Rae. Mr. Garratt (past 10 o'clock) moved an ad- journment, and will of course open the debate for Teetotalism next Monday evening, when he will be answered by Mr. Holdsworth, for the temperance principle. The chairman announced a general meeting of all the members of the School of Arts inter sted in the debates, to elect a president, a vice President, a secretary, and a committee-of-man- agement, for preparing questions, &c;, and to Bathe necessary laws, on Saturday next, when the chair will be taken at eight o'clock pre- cisely. 