THE LAU®CESTON COURIER. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. By the Ullstoater we have Swan River papers to the 2nd January. The settlement is de cidedly progressing. The foundation stone of the first church, at Perth, was laid in the presence of the Governor, and a large assemblage of the inhabitants on New Year's day. The corner stone of a new Wesleyan Chapel had also been laid at the same place. This looks well for the spread of morality at the Swan, a commodity which we 'have been given to understand was, till lately remarkably scarce. At the half yearly meeting of the Bank proprietors, the chairman laid the usual returns upon the table, by which it appeared that the circulation had encreased twenty -five per cent., and the deposits about seventeen per cent. The amount of specie had diminished eleven per cent., and the securities had encreased twenty per cent A dividend 12s per share was declared ?on the half year. Provisions were high, the tenders for sup plying the military with fresh meat had been accepted at Il^d. per pound. About 200 ewes of various ages were sold by auction for £3 10s. per head The tenders for supplying 2,000 bushels of Colonial wheat had been ac cepted at an average of 11s. 7d. per bushel; for grinding the same, 2s 5d. per bushel. The Island Queen had arrived at Leschen aull. This is the first vessel chartered by the new kustralind Company, and had on board Mr. Austin the Chief Surveyor, nine assistants and thirteen men. The chief commissioner, M, W. Clifton, Esq. F. R S. with his family, and a number of emigrants were daily expected. The surveyors were actively engaged at Les chenault in prosecuting their labours, and pre paring the way for the expected emigrants. The following vessels were lying in Gage's Road, the Shepherd, Heroine, Ullswater, Vixen, Champion, Elizabeth, Venus, and Georgia American whaler. We have observed with some degree of astonish ment that, whilst at Hobart Town, becoming respect was paid to the memory of the late Princess Augusta in the usual manner, by hoisting the union Jack half mast high, at this port no sue)] customary token of respect was complied with. On Sunday the union Jack was flying as usual at the flagstaff head ; and there was not a single vessel in port that com ! plied with the custom usual tin such occasions. Is this the fault of Government in not extend ing their instructions upon this point to Laun ? ceston, or with whom does the.dnty.rest.iu such cases? We last week enquired what bad become of the Road Act, and we now repeat our enquiry, ? hoping for better success; for no one has as yet enlightened us on the subject. ? To-day was the one named for the Act to come into operation, and yet it is not enrolled. We suppose there fore, as a matter of course, that the measure has been abandoned. What a precious bungling set our legislators must be! ' We are quite sure however, the Act died from natural causes,, and this probably is tlie reason why its extinction . has not been made more publicly known. We have been informed by an official gentleman . likely to be acquainted with the truth, that had Government been aware that transportation to r this colony would lmve continued, the RcJad Act never woald have been' brought forward, and llmt it bus been abandoned merely on account pf the alteration in the determination of the I Home Gpvernment. | The Clokmel ? A tecerit arrival from Port Phillip, brings us further intelligence respecting the loss of this splendid vessel. A board of enquiry has been held at 'Melbourne, consisting of Captain Lewis, Colling; and Roach, and 'from the result of their investigation; it ?would appeal that the loss of the vessel is attributed to the chief mite, who it -is said, departed from the orders of the capujin. The Port PhiOip Gazette, says—' Many of the passengers and of the crew gave their statements, which were embodied in affidavits to be sworn before the Police Magistrate* From the general tenor of the evi dence thus tendered, it would appear that a departure from the orders given by Captain Tollervey, on the part of the chief mate upon taking his 'watch,' led to the catastrophe. The course directed by the commander after quitting Ram Head, keeping S W. A W., would have cleared Wilson's Promontory, but the mate con ceiving 'that the captain was too timid of liugginp the shore,' gave orders to steer the vessel more to the west ward. After striking, had the ClonmeTs engine been ' backed.' (asitissupposed)slie might have been saved, but keeping ' xvay' upon her, in hopes of driving over the sand bank, is the cause of her now being embedded five miles inland upon the spit. A vessel is about being despatched to recover the vessel, or at least her engines, and also to bring up the remainder of the crew who bare been left in charge.' To this the Patriot replies as follows, and if his version of the affair be correct, we cannot too much censure the tenor of the above paragraph. ' The Clonmel. — It was not to be expected that so disastrous an event as the loss of the Clonmel could have occurred without giving rise to a great variety of opinion as to the probable cause which led to such a calamity. These opinions have already assumed all manner of forms within the compass of probability. Our contem poraries the Herald and Gozet'eh&ve;, we regret to see, given publicity to one of these versions of the catastrophe which has no foundation to rest upon sufficient to war rant such a step. The chief officer of the Clonmel has been accused of altering the course of the vessel without the captain's knowledge, and this alteration it is alleged was the cause of the loss of the ship. This accusation, however, has no better ground to stand upon than the evidence given by a young man who himself stands charged with pilfering from the wreck, and whose state ment goes no further than that he heard the chief officer direct the helmsman to keep closer to the shore, but this was at a time when, according to the evidence of the other passengers, the vessel had not reached Rams Head, these directions therefore could have no influence what ever on the course followed, subsequently to weathering that promontory. We do not come forward to defend the chief officer of the Clonmel, for anything we know, he is as culpable as some one assuredly is, but thinking it highly blameable in our contemporaries to give pub licity to so serious a charge on such insufficientgrounds, we think it but fair that we should endeavour to counter act tho mischief which such an accusation could not fail to produce.' Thus it will be seen, that in the general opinion of those best acquainted with the wreck of the Clonmel, there is great culpability to be attached to some one. For our own part we can offer no opinion upon the sub ject, but hope that the matter will be carefully investi gated and the result made as public as possible. Cricket ? The return match of Cricket between the Tamarand Laun ceston Clubs will be played at the Jlace Course on Wednesday next. Inquest. — An inquest was held at the Court House, on Friday, on view of the body of a child named John Woodly, who was found dead in its bed on the morning of the previous day. The death having been produced by natural causes, as proved by the evidence of Dr. Grant a verdict of ' Died by the visitation of God', was returned. Ginger Beer. — An information was laid on Friday against a female for selling Ginger Beer, without a license, which although it was withdrawn enables us to caution those who have been, and still are in the habit of so doing, that they render themselves liable to a penalty of from ten to fifty pounds It is incumbent upon the informer to prove the article to be ginger beer and if he can do this, the information stands good, under whatever other name it may be sold. 1 1 is a mistaken idea of some shopkeepers that the act can be evaded by selling ginger beer and calling it Imperial. Execution of Watson and Wallace. — On Satur day morning the last sentence of the law was carried into effec on the above unfortunate men in the pre sence of the largest assemblage of spectators ever col lected to witness a similar scene in this town, there be ing not less than five hundred persons present on the occasion. The prisoners ascended the scaffold about ten minutes past eight, in a firm and steady manner ac companied by the Sheriff, the Rev. Dr. Browne and the Rev. M. Cotham. After praying fora few minutes in which the prisoners joined in the most fervent and devout manner, the fatal bolt was drawn, and their suf ferings soon brought to a termination. The unfortu nate culprits have since their condemnation exhibited the most sincere repentance, and their supplications for mercy upon the scaffold were offered up with a tone of repentant piety that would have pierced the heart of the hardest and most obdurate of sinners. Wallace, who is a Roman Catholic, on the morning before his execution addressed the prisoners in goal in an impressive and pa thetic discoure exhnrting them to profit by his example, and be warned by his fate. So fully penitent did he ap pear to be that we really believe, louse his own empha tic language as expressed in a letter which will be found in another part of our paper, ' that if a free pardon were offered to him on the condition of committing a mortal sin. he would sooner die than commit that sin.' We entirely agree with the general opinion as to the policy and justice of this execution. We are decidedly, of opinion that the circumstances of the case were such as called for the merciful interposition of His Excel lency, and that by taking the lives of these unhappy men an inducement, a very strong inducement is held out to others to carry their crimes to the extreme and to fight for their lives rather than surrender into the hands of death. Besides, the actual crime for which they were convicted was one, which in these days ought not to be punished with such severity, even supposing a beneficial result to ensue, and even supposing the example to be' attended with good. Much less then is that severity justifiable, when according to the laws of our very na-' ture, it must prove rather an incentive to the commission of crime, than a terror for its prevention. Yet, there is this consolation as far as regards the unfortunate beings themselves; that the sincerity of their repentance will procure from a Higher Power (hat mercy and forgiveness which was denied to them. by man. . At the date of the latest departure from England, four 'vessels with prisoners on board, were on the point of sailing for this Colony Captain Montagu was ex-' pected to sail iu the lady Baffles on the 6th Nov. According to the Port Phillip papers, received on Saturday, it seems that there is at least some probability of saving the Clonmsl. She lies about five miles on the sand, with ten feet water in her hold ; she swings at high water, and -when the cutter Sitters left,- had not. sustained any. material injury., We regret exceedingly to observe that Captain l'ollervey received some severe personal injuries at the time of the wreck, and incon sequence o'f the: tendon of the ankle-joint having been broken, one foot has been rendered useless for life. Amongst the uninsured property on board, was upwards of £800 worth the property of Captain Cain. Bosh Fires,— In every part of the country these fires continue to increase in an alarming degree. -This town has been almost burried in smoke for the last 2 or 3 days, and on Saturday, .the wind suddenly shifted to the north, and in less than half an hour, the Whole '.town, which; had been perfectly clear the rest of the day, was so com pletely enveloped in smoke, that we can compare it to nothing but a New Norfolk fog. When the wind blows from the south, vessels some miles at sea, feel the effects of the smoke. It is reported that an alarming bush fire which originated at Port Sorell, spread rapidly over an extensive tract of country to the N. W. until it reached East Arm, consuming fencing, split and sawn timber, and other properly to a considerable amount On Thurs- j day last, at Woolmers, the estate of Thomas Archer, Esq., a bush fire broke out. and thirty men were em ployed in extinguishing the flames, which threatened to destroy a large quantity of standing corn We hear of numerous instances in which fences and crops have been thus destroyed, and in most cases arising from the imprudence or negligence of servants. Mr. Ross was met at Port Phillip by a gentleman just returned from thence. 'He had only then landed, and told the gentleman that he had come away without Ipnvp as ho harl lipfnre asked and cou Id not obtain it — that he was anxious to ascertain what chance he could have as a professional man there, before he threw up his appointment; but that having been docked of £ 100 a year from his salary, he could not afford to maintain his family in Hobart Town. He expressed his intention of returning to Van Diemen's Land in two or three days. He subsequently consulted the Police Magistrate Mr. Simpson, and received every encouragement to practise at Melbourne. It must be admitted, notwithstanding all the hubbub and various conjectures made about his departure, that he went hence in the most open manner; and it would indeed be strange if the supposed defalcation could after all be accounted for. Bets were offered last night that he would come back before the arrival of the Vansittart Our impression now is, that it never was his intention to abscond. — H. T. Courier. Cockatoos ? We extract the following from a Swan River paper being aware that many of our cultivated districts are infested with immense numbers of cockatoos during seed time and harvest, to the great injury of the crops, and the interests of the agriculturist : - ' The following experiment which has been successfully tried by a gentleman residing in one of the southern districts of the Colony (Swan River) with a view to the destruc tion of the Cockatoo, is published for general information, it is a well known fact that these birds during harvest time destroy an immense quantity of wheat and that it is quite impossiole to get within gun-shot of them, as they have what may be termed ' watchmen' perched on the trees adjoining the wheat field, to give warning of the approach of their enemy— man. We give it in bis own words: * Lay two sheaves of wheat in the field — place under them five pounds of gunpowder, (blasting will do. ) Then lay a pistol well primed with fine gun powder alongside, attach it firmly to a stake — fasten to the trigger a cord five hundred yards long, and retire, placing yourself in such a position that the ' lookers-out' may not see you — yon will presently find that the Cock atoos will perch in vast quantities upon the sheaves — when you find them covered with these birds, pull the string sharply, off goes the pistol, the explosion of the mine follows, and the unhappy birds are ushered into the air and eternity.' The gentleman who tried this plan informed us that be blew up 20 at one time ; and snch I was the astonishment and terror of the watchman depu ted to give intelligence of danger, that they communica ted the news to all the remaining Cockatoos in the dis trict—they all decamped; and, up to the present time, have not returned. We recommend this admirable plan for general adoption.' , THE following is a literal copy of n lptter written by Patrick Wallace, who was executed on Saturday last. We are assured that it is his original compilation, without the aid of books, or any assistance whatever ; if so, it is rather an extraordinary production, and the accuracy of the spelling, together with the correct distri bution of the capitals, would seem to imply that Wallace was a man of more extended edu cation than is usually to be found amongst his class. January 22nd 1841, H M Goal L Reader, Whoever you be into whose hands this may fall, consider these words as much for you as for Thos Hemor, and as much for them who hears. Thos. Hemor, I find it my duty to warn you of your danger for three reasons, 1st because you were an accomplice of mine in crime 2nd because you are my brother as de scended from Adam and lastly because ray inward mo nitor urges me to do so. 1 now as a dying man exhort you to cast yourself on the Anchor of hope, before a ground surf rises and carries you into the depth of the waters from whence there is no recovery. You may say where is this Anchor of hope, it is everywhere, and at every persons call, who calls in sincerity. This A nchor is Jesus. How are you to make your call so as it will be considered sincere. First consider who made you and 2nd what you are and 3rd what you were made for. Answer to these three considerations, you know God made you and put in you an immortal soul, which will never die ; secondly what you are. Conscience tells you s wicked sinner. Thirdly what you were made for. God himself and his Prophets Apostles and holy minis ters, and now myself tell you that you were not made for an inhabitant of this earth. Your time here is a leave of absence to prepare you for another and a better world, or else a much worse. You will eagerlv say I -desire no worse, tell me Paddy, how I am to. Escape worse. 1 will tell you Thomas. Behold 1st the love of God 2nd his condscension and thirdly bis mercy and lastly his power First his love in making you in his own image and likeness and providing a maintenance for you, further as~by the' fall of our first parents Adam 'and eve we were doomed to death eternally and why did we not die- . Because God loved us and in mercy and formed. a Covenant with Adam and Eve and to all their posterity that he would raise of the seed of the woman what would kill the serpent and atone in full for their sins. And did God do all this, yes when the fulness of time was come says Saint Paul God sent forth his -Son made of a woman made under the law. This Atonement was no other than God the Son the Second person of the blessed trinity, he was conceived of the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary perfect Man -as well as perfect God. He was accused by (he very .persons for whom be condescended to leave his Mansion of Glory and come upon this wicked earth to give his life a ransom 'for our sins; they, the Jews accused him wrongfully, what was the consequence he was condemd and ordered for execution, to be crucified nailed to a cross of wood crowned with thorns, or to say it better spike nails— pierced with a spear by the Sol diers and a Robber and .a Murderer reprieved before him ; You may be hardened and say, well ChriBt would 'not have suffered all this if he could escape. O I will not believe you are that hardened But however he could have' escaped all had he choose, he was pet feet God as well as man all things to him was possible and nothing impossible. It is in this instance you may behold the love God had 'for fallen Man and has for you, what did Christ gain for me. Answer pardon of my ins, on condition only J believe in and love him 1 andlon those conditions he has promised you much moibe has promised to reward the Good with Eternal . haplineas and giyfe thenrjRErqwn of -ilory, a crown'rdid ?yoiatwijei i.'.a «n-wh'-ftr exceeding the costly cfown eve] a'Monarch wore on this earth. O what what a tredure. Tell me paddy rhow am I to get thisendurble rict s. Believe in God. Hope in God. and love ; Go ,„ ..pray-to God for his Holy Spirit. He isppn timiliy paying attention, if you pray in faith and' out of good motive that is sorrow for the sins you have con nitted and a firm resolution through Gods assist anc never to commit them no more, God will have mei y on you as he had on me and will grant you your reqi 2st, and teach you how you can please him; may Goi grant it. Thomas. 1 till row speak of Gods great mercy of which I am at {resent a living monument, you know Thomas a dea of* my Character you know how hardened I was and what wicked crimes 1 was addicted to and you have ' head no doubt I would not be instructed for a long tiihi after iny present condemnation. But thanks be to God for his love he has displayed to me, his wisdom and nbercy towards me was wonderful wretched and re bellious as 1 was. He saw me when a far way off and sent his spirit to compel me to come, and opened my understanding in order that I might see my danger. 1 looked and saw myself on the brink of Eternal destruc tion and Satan behind just going to push me into ever lasti ig burnings where the worm never dielh and the fire Is not quenched. I was alarmed I had no time to loose I immediately inquired, Lord what shall I do to besdvjed, His Holy Spirit answered believe, on the Lord Jesus and do good works, and thou shalt be saved, £ earnestly enquired what was good works, the Spirit and Ctjrist replied, prayer and fasting which will produce thiee virtues that most pleases me, these three virtues is Faith, hope, and love or as it may be called Charity. 1 immediately set about this great work, recommended, by God; Spirit I knew through week faith it must be true, and for ever be praised the Holy Trinity, who all assisted this great work of salvation. He does not ahvajt comfort sinners, he offers them pardon and allows them to choose or regret, Iherefore His love and mercy to me is greater. 1 am shortly to leave this dreary world and were my frA pardon now before me 1 firmly resolve through God's spirit, was that free pardon offered me for com mitting a mortal sin 1 would sooner die than commit the sin. ] am happy in my mind whether I live or die, Gods will be done 1 am sure I will be for ever happy when I tlie, think not this vanity it is God and his spirit showed me it On Wednesday night Jesus Christ ap peared in the form of man at the foot of my bed thereby leaching an example of humility, be was clothed from head to foot in a pure white robe and a napkin on his He then spoke to me in spirit and what did he say. Language wonderful attended with joy says he fear not,1 1 am thy shield and exceeding great reward you might have heard me praying after. Thos I could tell you a great deal more but my paper will not allow, therefore if you value your own soul and Eternal welfare, you will mind your wicked ways, look first at the dreadful doom awaiting me and then look at who you are offending. Hell and damna tion is waiting for you if you continue to offend so lov ing so merciful so powerful so just and Good a God, and father as God is repent, and what awaits you, a crown of Glory, the Company of the Glorious and blessed trinity, the Company of Saints and Angels and mine I hope. Osucb riches— and dreadful such misery. You must be in one of these conditions to all Eternity Eternity Eternity. Think seriously reflect on these truths, and do not content yourself with once or a dozen times reading' or else you have no regard for me, and may God in his mercy strike this home to your heart and produce the desired effect for Christ sake and it will add to my happiness. PATRICK WALLACE. 