CUAPTEIk X. It was on one of those mornings, common in early spring, when the year, fickle and changeable in its youth, like all other created things, is undecided whether to step backward into winter or forward into summer, and in its uncertainty inclines now to the one and now to the other, and now to both at once-wooing summer in the sunshine, and linger ing still with winter in the shade: it was, in short, on one of those mornings when it is hot and cold, wet and dry, bright and lowering, sad and cheerful, withering and genial, in the compass of one short hour, that old John Willet, who was dropping asleep over the copper boiler, was roused by tile sound of a horse's feet, and glancing out at window, beheld a Iravellerof goodly promise checking his bridle at the Mlaypole door. He was none of your flippant young fellows, who would call for a tankard of mulled ale, and make themselvesas much at home as if they had ordered a hogshead of wine;' none of your audacious young swaggerers, who would even penetrate into the bar -that solemn sanctuary-and, smiting old John upon the back, inquire if there was never a pretty girl in the house,'and where he had his little cham ber maids, with a hundred other impertinences of that.nature; none of your free-and-easy companions, who would scrape their boots upon the firedogs in the common room, and be not at all particular on the subject of spittoons; none of your unconscton able blades, requiring impossible chops, and taking unheard.of pickles for granted. lIe was a staid, grave, placid gentleman,, something past the prime of life,, yet upright'in his carriage for all that, and slim as a greyhounds He was well mounted upon a sturdy cheLititcob,, and had tihe graceful. seat of an experienced horseman ;, while his riding gear, though free from such, fopperies as were then in vogue; ~is'handsome'and well chosen. Hie were a riding coat of somewhat brighter ,green than might ;have beetsexpected to suit the,,taste of a gentleman of his years, with a short black .ielvet; capes laced pocket holes and cuffs, all of a.jaunty fashion; his linen, too, was of the finest kind, worked in a rich pattern at tihe wrlsts and throat, and scrupulously white. Although he seemed, judging from the mud, he had- picked upon the way, to have come from London, his horse was as smooth and cool as his own iron grey periwig and pigtail. Neither man nor beast had turned a single hair; and, saving for his soiled skirts and spatterdashes, this gentleman, with his blooming face, white teeth, exactly-ordered dress, and perfect calnness, might have come from making an elaborate and leisurely toilet to sit for an equestrian portrait at old John Willet's gate. It must not be supposed that John observed these several characteristics by other than slow degrees, or that he took in more than half a one at a time, or that he even made up his mind upon that without a great deal of very serious consideration. Indeea, if he had been distracted in the first instance by ques. tionings and orders, it would have taken him at the least a fortnight to have noted whalt is here set down ; but it happened that the gentleman, being struck with the old house, or with the plump pigeons which were skimming and courtseying about it, or with the tall Maypole, on the top of which a weathetcock, which had been out of order for fifteen years, per formed a perpetual walts to the music of its own creaking, sat for someliltle time looking round in si lence. Hence John, standing with his hand upon the horse's bridle, and his great eyes on the rider, and with nothing passing to divert his thoughts, had really got some of these little circumstances into his brain by the time he was called upon to speak. ' A quaint place this," said the gentleman, and his voice was as rich as his dress. "' Are you the landlord?" "At your service, sir," replied John Willet. a, You can give my horse good stabling, can you, and me an early dinner (I am not particular what, so that it be cleanly served) and a decent room, of which there seems to be no lack in this great man sion," said the stranger, again running his eyes over the exterior. "You can have, sir," returned John, with a rea diness quite surprising, "anything you please." " It's well I am easily satisfied," returned the other with a smile, "or that might prove a hardy pledge, my friend;" and saying so, he dismounted, with the aid of the block before the door, in a twink ling. " Halloa, there I Hugh l" roared John. " I ask your pardon, sir, for keeping you standing in the porch; but my son has gone to town on business, and the boy being, as I may say, of a kind of use to me, I'm rather.put out when lie's away. Hugh ! a dreadful idle vagrant fellow, sir, half a gipsy, as I think ; always sleeping in the sun in summer, and in the straw in winter time, sir-Hugh I Dear lord, to keep a gentleman a waiting here, through him. Hugh I I wish that chap was dead-I do indeed." " Possibly heis," returned the other. " I should think if he were living, he would have heard you by this time." " In his fits of laziness, he sleeps so desperate hard," said the distracted host, " if you were to fire off cannon balls into his eats, it wouldn't wake him, sir." The guest made no remark upon this novel cure for drowsiness and recipe for making people lisely, but with his hands clasped behind him, stood in the porch, apparently very much amused to see old Johrn with his bridle in his hand, wavering between a strong impulse to abandon the animal to his fate, and a half disposition to lead him into the house, and shut him up in the parlour, while he waited on his master. " Pillory the fellow, here Ire is at last," cried John, in the very height and zenith of his distress. " Did you hear me a calling, villain?" The figure he addressed made no answer, but putting his hand upon the saddle, sprung into it at a bound, turned the horse's head towards the stable, and was gone in an instant. " Brisk enough when he is awake." said the guest. "' Brisk enough, sir I" replied John, looking at the place where the horse had been, as if not yet understanding quite what had become of himn. " He melts, I think; he goes like a drop of froth. You look at him, and there he is ; you look at him again, and-there he isn't." Having, in the absence of any more words, put this sudden climax to what he had faintly intended should be a long explanation of the whole life and character of his man, the oracular John Willet led the gentleman up his wide dismantled staircase into the Maypole's best apartment. It was spacious enough in all conscience, occu. pying the whole depth of the house, and having at either end a great bay window as large as many modern rooms, in which some few pains of stained glass, emblazoned with fragments of armosial bear ings, though cracked, and patched, and shattered, yet renained; attesting, by their presence, that the former owner had made the very light subservient to his state, and pressed the sun itself into his list of flatterers; bidding it, when it shone into his chainm her, reflect the badges of his ancient family, and take new lhues and colours from their pride. But those were old days, and nowtv every little ray came and went as it would; telling thie plain, bare, searching truth. Although the best room of the inan, it hIad thie melancholy aspect of grandeur in decay, and was mucht too vast for comfort. Rich rustling hangings waving on the walls, and, better far, the rustling of youth mnd beauty's dress; the light.of women's eyes, outshining the tapers and their own rich jewels; the sound of gentle tongues, and music, and the tread of maiden feet, had once been threre, and filled it with delight. But they were gone, and with them all its gladness. It was no longer a home; children were never born and bred there; tihe fireside had become mercenary-a something to be bought and sold-a very courtesan a let who would die, or sit beside, or leave it, it was still the same; it missed nobody, cared for nobody, had equal warmth and smiles for all. God help tihe man whose ieart ever changes with the world, as an old mansion when it becomes an ico! No effort had been made to furnish this chilly waste, but before the broad chimney a colony of' chairs and tables had been planted on a square of carpet, flanked by a ghostly screen, enriched with figures grinning and grotesque. After lighting with hisa own hands the faggots which were heaped upon thie hearth, old John withdrew to hIold grave council with,hie cook, touching tile atranger's entertainment; while the guest himself, seeing small comfort in the yet unkindled wood, opened a lattice ih the distant window, and basked in thie sickly gleam of a cold 'vlarch sun. Leaving thie window now and then, to rake the crackling logs together, or pace the echoing rebm (frorn endlio end; he closed it when the fire wvao quite burnt up, and having wheeled the'easiest cihir into thie warmest corier, atiimmoned John Willet.. , . "Sir,"said John., He wanted pen, ink, and paper, T'lhere was an old standishi on the high mantel.rshlelf containing an apology for all,three. , Having set this before him, the labdlord nias retiring; when hermotioned' him to ! There's a houaBe!not' fCai roumt heroe,' said ethe guest when he had wvrittpp a few lines, " which you call the Warren, I believel" Ap this,was saidin the,tonq of ope who knewltih fact, and; asked the question as a.thingof 'course,, John contented himselt- with nodding iis head in the aitrmative ; at the same time taking one hand out of his pockets to cough behind, and then putting it in again. " I want this note," said the guest, glancing on what he had swritlt q . n folding it, "conveyed there without losifv lisre, and anannnser brought: back here. Have a messenger at hand?" John was thoughtful for a minute or thereabouts, and then said yes, " Let me see hitm,' said the guest. This was disconcerting; for Joe being out, and Hugh engaged in rubbing down the chestnut cob, he designed sending on, the errand Barnahy, who had just arrived in one of his rambles, and who, so that he thought himself employed on grave and serious business, would go anywhere. " Why, the, truth is," said John, after a long pause, " that the person who'd go quickest is a sort of natural, as one may say, sir; and though quick of foot, and as much to be trusted as the post itself, he's not good at talking, being touched and. flighty, sir." "You don't," said the guest, raising his eyes to John's fat face, " you don't mean-what's the fellow's name-you don't mean Barnaby 1" " Yes., I do," returned the landlord, his features turning quite expressive with surprise. " low comes he to be here?" inquired the guest, leaning back in Ihis chair; speaking in the bland, even tone, from which he never varied; and with the same soft, courteous, nevetr-changing smile upon his face. " I saw him in London last night." " He's for ever here one hour, and there the next," returned old John, after the usual pause to get the question in his mind. " Sometimes he walks, and sometimes runs. He's known along the road by everybody, and sometimes comes here in a cart or chaise, and sometimes riding double. He comes and goes, through wind, rain, snow, and hail, and on the darkest nights. Nothing hurts him." " He goes often to this Warren, does he not?" said the guest carelessly. "I seem to remember his mother telling me something to that effect yesterday. But I was not attending to the good woman much." " You're right, sir." John made answer, "he does. His father, sir, was murdered in that house." "So I have heard," returned the guest, taking a gold toothpick from his pocket with the same sweet smile. " A very disagreeable circumstance for the family." " Very," said John, with a puzzled look, as if it occurred to him, dimly and afar off, that this might by possibility be a cool way of treating the subject. " All the circumstances after a murder," said the guest soliloquising. "must be dreadfully unpleasant; so much bustle and disturbance, no repose, a con. atant dwelling upon one subject, and the running in and out, and up and down stairs, intolerable. I wouldn't have such a thing happen to anybody I was nearly interested in on any account. 'Twould be enough to wear one's life out. You were going to say, friend-" he added, turning to John again. '' Only that Mrs. Itudge lives on a little pension from the family, and that Barnaby's as free of the house as any cat or dog about it," answered John. " Shall he do your errand sir?" " Oh yes," replied the guest. " Oh certainly. Let him do it by all means. Please to bring him here that I may charge him to be quick. If he ob. jects to come you may tell him it's Mr. Chester. He will remember my name, I dare say." John was so very much astonished to find who his visitor was, that he could express no astonishment at all, by looks or otherwise, but left the room as if Ire were in the most placid and imperturbable of all possible conditions. It has been reported that when he got down stairs, he looked steadily at the boiler for ten minutes by the clock, and all that time never once left off shaking his head ; for which statement there would seem to be some ground of truth and feasibility, inasmuch as that time did certainly elapse before he returned with Barnaby to the guest's apartment. " Come hither, lad," said Mr. Chester. " You know Mr. Geoffrey Haredale 1" Blrnaby lauglhed, and looked at the landlord as though he would say, " You hear him 1" John, who was greatly shocked at this breach. of decorum, clapped his finger to his nose, and shook his head, in mute remonstrance. " He knows him, sir," said John, frowning aside at Barnaby, " as well as you or I do." " I haven't the pleasure of much acquaintance with the gentleman," returned his guest. " You may have. Limit the comparison to yourself, my friend." Although this was said with the same easy affa bility, and the same smile, John f:lt himtelf put down, and, laying the indignity at Harnabj's door, determined to kick his raven on the wvary first oppor. tunity. "Give that," said the guest, who had by this time sealed the note, and who beckoned his messnger to wards him as hIre spoke, " into Mr. Haredale's own hands. Wait for an answer, and bring it back to me-here. If you should find that Mr. Haredale is engaged just now, tell him-can he remember a message, landlord?" "When he chooses, sir," replied John. "He won't forget thlis one." " How are you sure of that?" John merely pointed to him as lhe stood with his head bent forward, and his earnest gaze fixed closely on his questioner's face, and nodded sagely. "Tell him then, Barnaby, should he be engaged,' said Mr. Chestiier, "that I shall be glad to wait Itis convenience Itere. and to see him (if1 he wi)1 call), at any time this evening, At the worst .1 can hae\ a bed here, Willet, I suppose?" ';' Old Johln, immensely falttered by the perso'ai n o: toriety impiied. in this familiar form of address, an.. swered, with something like a knowing look, " I' slould believe you could, sir," and was turning over in his mind various forms'of eulogium, with the view of srelecting one appropriate to the qualities of hIis best bed, when Iris ideas were put to flight by Mlr. Chester giving Barnaby the leiter, and bidding, him make all speed away. " Speed l" said Barnaby, folding the'little packet in his breast, "Speed! If you want ~'oie'uliutry anid mystery, comne here. Here l" SWith that, Ire put iris hand, very mu~h to John Willet's horror, on the guest's fine broadcloth sleeve, anl led him stealthily to the back windbw. " Look down there," he said sotsly; "do you mark how they uhisper in each other's ears ; then dance and leap, to make believe thly are in sport 1 Do yots ee how they stop.for a moment,.Wvlen they hink there is no one looking, and. mutter among ,hemselves again; and rlthen Iow they roll and giambol, alighaed withr the mischief theyie been plottingl Unok at 'em now. See how they whirl:and plunge. And now they stop again,sandwlwhisper, cauiouuslv together, little thinking, tijd, howoifte I have'lsin stpoa nthe g rass andw achd, them. I say, w!ant is it~ hat they plot and hatch 1 o you know P' " They J"fd ialyrjilothes'i? ri'r'en~ed the guesrt " such ns we wear ; hanliig on thoasp iups to dry, an1 fiutteripQ',iu ti , i' l ;." ,td -' ,, " 1 . .46 i;lothes ' echoedi arnaby, looking close into ,his face, and.falling quickly back.: IJ"'ttl lia I W~Hy, holv'tiici better to be silly, than as, wve as you I You don't see shadowy people there, like those .that live in sleep, not you. Nor eyes' In the knotted panes of glass, nor swift ghosts when It lo0wa hart, nor do yop liear voices in the air, nor see men stalking in the sky-not you I Ilead a merrier life than you, with all your cleverness. You're the dull men. We're the bright ones. Ila I ha I I'll not change with you, clover as you are, not I I" With 'That, he waved his hat above his head and darted off. A strange creature, upon my word I" said the guest,, pulling out a hlandsome box, and taking a pinch of snuff. " He wants imagination," said Mr. Willet, very slowly, and after a long silence; "that's what he wants. I've tried to itnstil it into him, many and many's the time; but "-John added this, in con fidence-" behan't made for it; that's the fact." To record that A1r. Chester smiled at John's re mark would be little to. the purpose, for he preserved the same conciliatory and pleasant look at all times. He drew his chair nearer the fire tl!ough, as a kind of hint thiat he would prefer to be. alone, and John, having no reasonable excuse for remaining, left him to himself. Very thoughtful old John. Willet was while the dinner was preparing; and if hlis brain were ever less clear at one time than another, it is but reason able to suppose that he addled it in no slight degree by shaking his head so mueh, that day.. That Mr. Chester, between whom and Mr. Haredale, it was notorious to all the neighbourhood, a deep and bitter animosity existed, should come down there for the sole purpose, as it seemed, of seeing him, and should choose the Maypole for their place of meeting, and should send to him express, were stumbling blocks John could not overcome. The only resource he had, was to consult theboiler, and watt impatiently for Barnaby's return. But Barnaby delayed beyond all precedent. The visitor's dinner was served, removed, his wine was set, the fire replenished, the hearth clean swept; the light waned without, it grew dusk, became quite dark, and still no Barnaby appeared. Yet, though John Willet was full of wonder and misgiving, his guest sat cross- legged in the easy chair, to all appearance as little ruffled in his thoughts as in his dress; the same calm, easy, cool gentleman, with out a care or thought beyond his golden toothpick. " Baroaby's late," John ventured to observe, as he placed a pair of tarnished candlelticks, some three feet high, upon the table, and snuffed the lights they held. " Ite is rather so," replied the gests sipping, his wine. " He will not be much longer, I dare say." John coughed and raked the fire together. " As your roads bear no very good character, if I may judge from my son's mishap, though," said MIr. Chester, "and as I have no fancy to be knocked on the head, which is not only disconcerting at the moment, but places one, besides, in a ridiculous position with respect to the people who chance to pick one up, I shall stop here tonight. I think you said you had a bed to spare 1" " Such a bed, sir," returned John Willet; "aye, such a bed as few, even of the gentry's houses, own, A fixter here, sir. I've heard say that bedstead is nigh two hundred years of age. Your noble son a fine young gentleman-slept in it last, air, half a year ago." " Upon my life, a recommendation I" said the guest, shrugging his shoulders and wheeling his chair nearer to the fire. "See that it be well aired, Mr. Willet, and let a blazing fire be lighted there at once. This house is something damp and chilly." John raked the faggots up again, more from habit than presence of mind, or any reference to this reo mark, and was about .to withdraw, when a bounding step was heard upon the stair, and Bainaby caime panting in. " He'll have his foot in the stirrup in on hour's time," he cried, advancing. " lie has been tiding hard all day; has just come home ; but will be in the saddle again, as soon as he has eat and drank, to meet his loving friend." " Was that his mcssage 1" asked the visitor, looking up, but without the inallest discomposure, or at least without the smallest show of any. "All but the last words," Barnaby rejoined. 'l He meant those. I saw that in his face." "This for your pains," said the other, putting money in Ihis hand, and glancing at him steadfastly. "' This for your pains, sharp Barnaby." " For Grip, and me, and Hugh, to share among us," he rejoined, putting it up, and nodding,.ashe counted it on his fingers. " Grip one, me two, and Hugh three; the dog, the goat, the cats-well, we shall spend it pretty soon, I varn you. Stay-look. Do you wise men see nothing thlere,'now 1.'! He bent eagerly down on one knee, an& gazed in tently at' lte smoke, which was rolling up the chim ney in a thick black cloud. John Willet, who appeared to consider himself particularly and chiefly referred to under the lernm wise moo, lopked that way'likewie, with great solidi.y of feature. : "' Nowwhere do they go to, when they spring so fast up there," asked Barnaby; "oeh' Why do they tread so closely on each other's heels, and why are they always in a hurry; which is what you blame me for, when I only take pattern by these blisyT'oll ab&bii; me. Moir' of 'en I catching Io each other's skirts; ansil as faist is they go others come I What a merry dance it isl I would that Grip and I coulid frisk like that !" " What has ie i?n j!hat basketat his back i"as'ked the guest after a few moments, during which Barnaby was still bending down to look higher up the'clhim. ney, snd ernestly witching the smoike . ? ip tli a.?". he. answered, jumping up before John, Willet could reply; rshaking it as he spoke, and stoopling his head to listen. In thisn WVhat is the?e here?' Tele hj7n 'l-: " A devil, a devil, a devil," cried a hoarse voice. " i-lere's money I" stlid Blarnahy, chinking it in is 'lind *" mo?n~y for ?ii 8atGrip'l" Slulrrail hburrasi hurrah!" .repliedtthe raYen, * kkepup your spirits. Never say die. Bow, w . , Wo ' ' .. Iulr..Wiitllet,, who appeared to entertain strong doubtst whether acsttomer in a laced coat and line linen could be supposed to have any acquaintance evoe iv withl the exlseriicaf i'uceh unpolite gentry as the bird claimed ,to. belong to, took Bartnaby.offat this junctur.e, with theo view of preventing any otlier Ilnmproper declarations, and quitted the rodst ivltl his very best bow. , o,,, '. ,, (To iw oqitlnled . A, Goon Itui.--A- gisnlemhan who employed' several labouters made it a rule never to aylany tutn. however. small, withoutt getting a re eospt. 'lThe shame, which, thosleouwho.were unable to waite their- names .Jiltain.nsetting' their, marks, hnouh no observationwas, inadd-on, the circunm. tance, hsadi perceptible teffct iin inducing them i seekl.instructlon for their children, and, in more 1han ootinstance, for themtelves~-i-ptourtal f Clii .llmlfon. Let re .dt.n~et 