MAXIMUMS & SPECIMENTS Of William Muggins, Natural Phi- lospher and Citizen of the World. There is two subjects as has come very often under my obserwation during my passage through the world, in which I have never yet been able to see my way clearly; and wat's more, on which I has never been able to find nobody as could give me any rational information. I alludes to "popular traditions" and "popular superstitions." Hevery country abounds with the first, and hevery hindewidual as lives and breathes—no matter how strong his intellect, how sound his educa- tion or how elevated his station— has more or less a belief in the exist- ance of certain signs and tokens by which his fate is governed. Now the question that arises to me are—what are the cause of this strange infatuation ? 'Tis true that " coming events cast their shadows before," for we expect certain things will happen, when we see certain natural signs of their approach ; but why does a mag- pie hopping across one's path, meet- ing any one on a flight of stairs, placing knives across, spilling salt, walking under a ladder, seeing the new moon through a glass window, coming back for something forgot after commencing a journey, turning one's shirt or stocking after putting 'm on wrong side first, and a wariety of other equally ridiculous trifles, forbode ill luck ? Thousands will tell you they do, but no one can give anything like a reason for such be- lief. For my own part, though I have never lived in a haunted house, or seed a ghost, or believes in any of the unlucky things I has enumerated, yet I has every now and then werry strange presentiments of things as is going to happen to me. Fight the weakness as I will I can't get over it, and many and many's the event has comed to pass, that has been previously pictured to my imagina- tion by the interpretation of dreams and strangely fancied omens. Many, perhaps may say to this, "pooh, pooh! Mr. Muggins, you are a silly old driveller," but I says boldly, " look at home." Larf, and pretend to despise all such super- naturalness as much as you please, there aynt no man, woman, or child (old enough to think,) but who, when they gets to themselves and cogitates hover their ways and means and hopes for advancing to honors and good fortune, but wot has, like me, a strong dash of superstion, and sets great value of certain signs and tokens as omens of success , or failure. Rosso decided his luck by throw- ing stones against a tree. Napoleon, Lord Byron, Sir Wal- ter Scott, and a thousand other great men of old and modern times, had their lucky and unlucky days, and believed in ghosts, and acted upon omens. The more I thinks upon this strange subject, the more I gets puzzled at it, for its perfectly evident that the strongest as well as the weakest minds gives way to these—what shall I call em? waking dreams! No, that won't do—I'll look for a good comprehensive word in the dicks-. nary. I have it, these chimeras— that's the ticket, for they are both wild and fantastic infatuations, as nuffin can subdue. Now wot - what I wants to know are this—whether this ere passion for reading the book of fate are a weak- aness as a natteral to us, or a poison instilled into our minds by ignorant attendants in our early childhood, which, like a blot on a sheet of white paper, can't never be thoroughly era- dicated? I am inclined to think 'tis . the latter, for I recollects some years ago, catching my nus maid telling my youngest boy a hawful ghost story, with a running accompaniament of lucky and unlucky signs, which, I have no doubt, made such wiwid himpression on his unfledged brains that he has never since been able to get rid of the infection. Now for " popular traditions." Almost of 'em are some way or other connected with ghosts, and, though I never knew any body who had ac- tually clapped eyes on one of them wot they calls in the mellerdrammers "Mystic Shades." I has conwersed with many who has assured me that they himplicitly believes such things does exist, and that the identical " shade" us war the topic of conwer- sation, did haunt such and such a building, or appear to such and such a person. I recollects when I was some years ago at Gainsborough, in Lincoln- shire, hearing of a werry strange affair as took place in the John of Gaunt's Castle. It war at that time conwerted into a theatre, and stood in the middle of a large plot of waste ground called the Mart-yard, in con- sequece of the fair or mart being held there. A painter war all alone in the theatre one morning arter re- hearsal, painting a scene on the stage for a new piece that war to be bringed out that night, when happening to look into the audience part of the house, he saw sitting in the left-hand stage-box a lady dressed in a strange old-fashioned style, with a werry high frizzled head of hair, stuck full of blazing jewels, a henormous large ruff, werry long waist, and a hoop petticoat hembroidered all over with gold, staring him full in the face. At first, he thought it a joke of one of the actresses, who had dressed herself and placed herself there to frighten him (for the place was uniwersally believed to be haunted, and nuffin could tempt nobody to re- main in it alone after dark,) but after a bit he beginned to get frightened, for there the figure sat firm and motionless, staring at him with a firm and ghastly smile. "W--h--o are you ?—w—h—a—t do you w—a—r —n—t ?" said the now hawfully ter- rified painter, involuntarily hadwan- cing to the happarition, but at every step he took nearer to it it grew more and more indistinct, and at last to- tally wanished. " It is a ghost," said the poor fellow, as half dead with fear he was rushing out of the build- ing, but just as he left the stage he turned his head and gave a look back, and there, in the same spot, and the same attitude, sat the lady, staring and grinning at him as per last. This story aynt no fiction, though I don't wouch for the pain- ter's woracity ; it is well-known in Gainsborough, and the painter, when he recovered from his fright, painted the portrait of the lady from recol- lection, which picture are now in possession of a gentleman at Hull. Then, again, there war a house in the old town of Plymouth as war said to be haunted, and war obliged to be pulled down cos nobody dared to live in it. The history of it war, that every night, as soon as the clock struck twelve, (by the bye, that's the fashionable hour for hap- paritions,) the hinmates used to hear the sound of feet, in high- heeled boots, walking round the table, and the rustling of silk as if a lady in a dress of that material war were sitting oposite the master or mistress of the house. This used to be repeated all over the premises, but hinwariably stopped at a closet in a bed-room, on the second floor, which for many years had been nailed up. This closet was at last opened, and when the planks at the back of it war taken away there war found, at the back of it, the skeleton of a female—no doubt that of the ghost with the high-heeled shoes, which had been murdered and buried there, but did not like such close quarters. This story is strongly believed all over Plymouth. Then the history of the old man who sits on the top of the old flight of steps on the Exeter side entrance of Trotnes. Nobody dares say they disbelieves it. He is said to sit there every day, dressed in a long great coat and a white night-cap under his hat. Why he chooses to exhibit himself ayn't exactly know- ed, for there's warious rumours afloat. Some says he war a pauper as loved the spot when he waralive, and so returned to it when he war dead, because it war on the shady side of the way ; others observe he war a smuggler looking out for squalls ; others that he war an old soger, as locked the wheels of the coaches going to London ; but let him have been what he war, there's hundred's in Trotnes at this werri minit, as will tell you they is well hacquainted with somebody as has seed him. Then, the belief in faries, or pixies as they is called in common through- out Devon. Dartmoor has a thou- sand wonderful legends of 'em, and noboby ever loses their way in heaths or moors, or gets benight- ed in the woods and fields, arout feeling perfectly conwinced they has been "pixy led," which means they has been enchanted by the faries, who has led 'em a wild goose chase. Ask any country lad or lass the meaning of the beaten circles, as is sometimes seed in high grass fields. "They is ' prixy-rings,' " will be the sure reply, "made by the little people when they dances in the moonlight." There's a little stream in Ply- mouth as runs down a street as leads to Frankfort-street and the begin- ning of George-street, which is a peculiarly favorite haunt of the pixies. Night arter night they holds their revels there, and woe to the unfortunate mortal who hin- trudes upon 'em. Many and many's the good dame, particularly at Christmas rime, who, in stoop- ting to fill her pitcher with water, has been topped over by the mis- chievous elves and treated with a good ducking. The superstitions about bees in Devon and Cornwall is werry strange. I one day seed an hold 'oman putting her mouth down to the entrance of one of the hives ; and as I had never seed such a pro- ceedin' afore, I axed what it meant. "I'm jest," said she, " whisperin' to the bees to tell them that the master of the house is dead; for if I didn't give 'em notice of it, they'd all die or go away." I could relate a thousand other strange superstitions of warious countries and places; but the oddest on 'em all is the ghost of the bache- lor's legs, at the Dean John at Canterbury. This singular happa- rition is unrivalled in the history of spirits; it is the only case on record of a bodiless spcetre. It consists (if anything ghostly can be consis- tent) of a pair of handsome Hap- pollo legs, cased in spotless silk stockings ; two small and elegantly shaped feet, in high shoes, with red heels and diamond buckles, which trip along with a mincing, springy, tiptoe motion, and carefully step over puddles and other promenading obstructions. This delightful ex- hibition is to be seen every night, between the hours of twelve and two. The late howner of the airy pedestals is supposed to have been a French emigrant marquis, as lived by his legs—that is, teached dancing —who, when he died, took his body off to France, but was obliged to leave his legs as security to the Alien Office, that he would return as soon as he had settled his affairs. So much for popular supersti- tions. Now for the conclusion of Tom's Hindian story. "I found myself," said the old boy, resuming his hadventure at the point he left off at the evening afore, "in the midst of the party of the guard, which war scouring the grounds in all directions. "' Heroo !' says they, catching a glimpse of me, and firing their matchlocks. " ' Walker!' says I, twigging my landmarks, and cutting back, and out like a racer when he passes the Red-house, and is lifted on for a win ; 'you aynt got me yet, snowballs.' On and on I ran, followed by ten or a dozen of the blackguards, who kept on continu- ally amusing themselves by firing at random through the trees and bush- es till I comed to the ladder. You may suppose it was but one, two, three, afore I got up ; but jest as I had got to the top of the wall, and had throwed one leg over, and war pulling up the rope, my pursuers got a full view of me, and fired a volley, and I dropped on the ground.' "Wounded ?" says Mr. Spoff, in great anxiety. "No,'' says Tom, "not so much as scratched ; the lubberly swabs couldn't hit a haystack, much less a man as war waggling about. 'Ah! hoo !' says I, mocking on 'em as I scrambled on my feet and chucked a large stone over the wall; ' Good bye, spooneys,' and away I cut to the lieutenants quarters, where I found him and his friend quite safe, and dressed in their uniforms ready for parade. " ' Glad to see you, Wheeler,' said the lieuteuant ; 'we war afraid you war nabbed. Go into my room and wash your face, and put on your jacket, and then be off to your quar- ters, for depend upon it there'll be an infernal shindy kicked up about our frolic.' " ' Yes sir,' says I, touching my turband as I war going. 'I begs pardon, gentlemen—you see'd 'em of course ?' " ' Oh, yes,' says the lieutenant, we had a capital view, and should have got off without discovery, if my friend here hadn't imprudently wen- tured too near.' "Well, as we expected, there was a devil of a row, and all the troops war hinspected, but the cul- prits was never found. "And now I comes to the had- wenture of the griffins." "Ah!" says we all, deeply hin- terested, "we shall hear that at last" "Don't be too sure," says Tom, with a malicious wink, "there's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip—I may put it hoff to a future opportunity." "No, no," says we, " give it us now, we can't wait." " Well." says the old boy, "I won't tantalize you no longer, here goes :"— "The little affair I has just rela- ted, having, in coorse, made a great noise, war the common topic of con- wersation among all the men and hoflicers of the different regiments as war brigaded with ourn, and, as is usual in all cases of hextrornary daring, there war numbers who longed to try a similar hadwenture on their own accounts. Among the rest war two young chaps as had just comed from Europe, and had been drafted to the troop to which I and the serjeant here belonged. They war two of the reglerest Simon Suckheggs as hever war suffered to walk alone, and war the butts and laughing-stocks of the whole div- ision. These two sappys, or griffens, (which are the Hindian term for hall them as hasn't been twelvemonts in the country) happening to be at a grog-shop with me and the serjeant, and a lot of our gamesomest blades, the conwersation happening to turn hupon the wisit to the Rajah's ha- rem, they expressed themselves werry warmly on the subject, and hended by boasting that if they had a chance they would have behaved werry different. " ' Indeed,' says I, spying a game, 'wot would you have done ?' " 'Why,' says the heldest of the two, who war a fine, fresh- coloured strapping country lout of nineteen, ' I'd ha' picked hout the one I liked best, and carried her away and mar- ried her.' " 'And I would ha done the same with another,' said his compa- nion, who war his werry double in happearancee and stupidity and he- werry thing. " ' Oh,' says I, looking at 'em werry mysterious, and whispering ; ' spose, I could put you in the way of proving your words, would you have pluck to wenture?' " ' Wouldn't we !' says they, un- common walliant ; 'try us, that's all.' " ' Mind,' says I, shaking my head, and looking more mysterious, " It's certain death if you gets cotched .' " 'Oh, we dont care for that' says the heldest, who was the leader; only you give us the chance, we'll stand by all the risk.' " 'Agreed!' says I, 'meet me and the serjeant here to-morrow night and your curiosity shall be gratified ; but mum— keep it dark— for the slightest suspicion would bring us all the halberds.' " 'No fear!' says they ; 'we'll be snug,' and away they went. " As soon as they war gone I and the serjeant and the others has a hearty good larf, and then we har- ranges a plan for gammoning 'em. "The time happointed comed, and me and my friend here, who war the two principal performers, war ready to receive our wictims. 'Now' says we, as soon as they showed, 'come along and we'll take you to the gardens of the harem ; but re- member, if you speaks one word, you are lost.' "We takes 'em a long round, till we comes to a walled garden at the outskirts of the town. 'Here's the place,' says we ; 'now for the signal.' With that I makes a scream like a peahen, and presently afterwards a little door hopened in the wall, and a hold native 'ooman happeared with a lantern. 'Salem aleicum' says says she, which means, How do you do, or somethiug hequivalent to it. 'All's right, mother?' says I. 'Yes, says she; 'Wanko—Rajah all sleep, no hear nutfin.' 'That 'ill do, says I, now take care of these two gintlemen. "Wot, aynt you two going with us ?' says the spooneys, beginning to feel a little queer at the thought of being left alone. " 'No says I, it won't do for so many of us to wenture. Good bye, take care of yourselves, for for you is on a werry dangerous hen- terprise. With that we takes leave on 'em, sees, 'em in at the garden gate, and then runs round to the front door, for we had bringed 'em to the werry house from which we started, which war formerly a palace, with a werry fine garden. The old 'ooman who war one of our comrades, dressed up Hindoo fashion, persuaded the two fools to let handkerchiefs be tied over their eyes, and suffer themselves to be led by their guide, whom you may believe gived 'em a precious dance hup and down steps, through long passages and cetra, till he bringed 'em into a room we had prepared for the hoccasion, where me and the sergeant, dressed as a couple of Circassian Sultanas, war seated on the floor, surrounded by a party of nautch gals, which are dancers as attends weddings and parties. 'Now take off the handkercheefs,' says the hattendant to the two spoo- neys. "Off they went, and our wictims war preciously astonished. " 'Wonderful!' says they, had- wancing to lay hold on us. " 'No, no, don't go near 'em yet,' says the guide, 'or you'll frighten the dear creeturs. The Bayaderes is going to dance—I'll tell you when to approach.' "All this time we two covies war sitting cross-legged on two pieces of carpet, smoking long hookers and drinking rack punch. " ' Hollo!' says the spooneys, 'if the sultanas ayn't smoking !' " 'To be sure,' says the old ooman, ' they pipes continually.' " 'And drinks too, eh ?' says the heldest wictim. " 'Yes,' says the mistress of the ceremonies, 'they gets regular top- py every night' " 'You don't say so,' says the hinnocent chaps " 'I does so,' says the old 'un ; ' Zirazazazima seems funny already, and Azimarackamoonshee ayn't much better. Look how the pretty lambs gambols.' " 'This war the cue for me and the sargeant to begin our capers, so we sets to and rolls about on the carpets, and then gets up and dances and sings a little, and then we sits down and smokes and drinks again. " 'Now for the Bayaderes,' says the old ooman, and off went the gals, and gaved us an out and out caper, which the sargeant and me, pertending to be werry drunk, jined in, and reglerly alarmed and asto- nished the two wisitors with our hex- traornary wehemcnce. " 'Now,' says the old un, ' I'll introduce you.' So he walks up to us, and, with a lot of werry low sa- lams, speaks a lot of gibberish, and presents the the two chaps. " We, in course, replied in the same language, and pinted to the carpets, and in haction told 'em to sit down beside us ; then we clapped our hands and the old ooman bringed in refreshments, which wars bitter nuts and salt and water, which we made 'em eat and drink, and then gave 'em a couple of sticks and forced 'em to stand up and dance a war dance with us and the Bayedaries and away we went like fury, tapping, 'em hover the shins and elbows, and whopping, 'em till they war black and blue. "Hall - all of a sudden, in the middle of the dance, the old 'oman runs and pretending to be in great con- sternation, tells in the gibberish, and in English, that the Rajah was coming, and that we should all [be] killed ; scream, scream went Bayaderes, and I and serjeant [pre-] tending to be in great desp[air]; clung to the two chaps and pu and hauled ' em round the room jabbering all the while like o'clock; in the midst of hall th- ere confusion the lights were put hout, and a loud knocking was heard at the door. "Come with me' says the old un, takin' the hands of the two wictims ; "I'll get you into the garden by the secret door. In coorse they war werry glad of such a chance, and let themselves be pulled away hout of the room along a passage into the garden, but the moment they got out of the house, a lot of our chaps who were waiting for 'em, throws a couple of table cloths over their heads binds 'em hand and foot and carried 'em in again. " 'So, so, we've cotched you in the fact, you damn'd rascals,' says the native landlord of the grog shop who war in the spree with us, an- hacted the part of the Rajah; [got] fetch a couple of sacks—we'll teach you to intrude into our harem, guards, get your bowstrings ready, we'll strangle the villians, and chop them in pieces ; fetch the b[lock] and chopper. Ah! there's the sacks—that's right, be ready to them with the pieces, and then ca[rry] them down to the river. Ah! the[re is] the block and chopper, that's right. Now, executioners, get your str[ing] ready—that's right —- now unb[ind] them, we'll teach them to run away with our sultanas.' " All this time the two chaps were hunable to see, but they heard the trailing of the sacks on the floor, and the chopping of the axe on the block and the twanging of the bow-string and they war trembling in the a- gony of alarm; but when me and the serjeant beginned to feel the necks, as if we war putting on the bowstrings, they fell on their knees and roared for mercy. " 'Off with 'em,' says the pre- tended Rajah ; and away went [the] table-cloths, and discovered to hastonished eyes of the wictims drinking-room of the grog-shop, [and] me and the serjeant, and a lot of [their] comrades, larfing and making on 'em." So much for Tom's heastern story and so much for Plymouth, for a or two afterwards I took leave of my kind old friend and his family, and re- turned to London. I gets home all right and confort- able, settles my haffairs, re- opens my shop, and goes on well all the pagoda opposition ; but after the nuisance war removed, I went be- fore the wind, and war doing a steady good trade, when an took place which made me miserable, and larnt me another son, and this is my reflection on MAXIMUM. We never knows the true value of nuffin until we loses it. SPECIMENT. Once upon a time there was a man who lived in great affluence, with horses and carriages, a fine house and hevery day the best of eating and drinking ; till, at last, he got so customed to luxury, and he took the good things as corned to him as matters of course, and he set walue hupon nuffin. Now, it's out that this man suddenly tumbled into hadwersity, and was rec to the extreme of poverty. "Oh! he would cry, thinking back of for- mer times, " wot a hungrateful, sensible beast I war when I had my comforts about me : oh! if I live my life over again, would make such on 'em," So it are with all on us. It are a meloncholy truth that we trifles with our hap- piness and affections, and he wishes, when too late, that no more store on the blessings that are taken from us. 