I.oNnos FASHIONS von DCCIMru r.—PeLins, satins, velvet3, levantines, and moires d'Orient foulards, are the materials now in demand, and the favourite cclour£ aro scubieuse, orange and black, and ame- IliysL Cloth dresses and reilingotes are preparing in Paris; thoy are made full in the skirt, with tight bodies and sleeves ornamented with buttons. Tight sleeves are becoming vi-ry general, of the AmadiH form, with two seams ; llie skirts are very full round the waist; the corsages with Ihreo scares continue in fuvnur •, they are much improved by a treple row of buttons, which continue down the front of the skirt. Gimp trimmings are much worn. Cachemere dresses are ornamented with velvet buttons of the same colour. Chambery gauze is very fashionable for young ladies > dresBes, cmbroidod with silk, silver or gold. Tho guipure lace of large and heavy putternes is quite outof favour, but Urussels lace and blonde have lost none of their value.. Lace scarfe, both black and white'are very fashionable \ some are also ofembroided muslin, lined with pink gauze, and trimmed withlacc. Mantillesofembroidedorgondy, with padgodes to match, from pretty Additions Ian silk dress. Plain cambric collars, edged with Valenciennes, are iu fn vour : also the cols, russes, amazon, and cols a la Franfaise. 13ournous, mantelets, rlialcs mantcaux, and tnnntes edged with velvet, and shortnmteasK of flannel vritb hood, &c.;&c.; are all in demand now : the mo?t elegant are the manteax crispen of velvet,lined with white-silk and trimmed with ftir. Mantelets aro made in Paris of Ibelongfielerine form, with points terminating with a tassel, trimmed nil round with a ruche. Fars arc made in demand from the boa to the trimming on the dress, and muffs inflated with air ineteiid of being wadded are much approved. Straight scarfs of velvet, wadded end quilted in large checks, are very fashionable in Paris ; the only trimming is n rich'iringe st each end, -or sometimes two or Hire rows of black lace, Velvet is the favourite material for bonnets, and black is preferred; velours perle is also used, ornamented with flowers of feg- her of the colour. Capotes' nf.velvel mised with, atin have been introduced in Paris, olso capotes i oilisses of white velouieepingle, and saun bonnets urered with » resille of twisted silk- Chenille »s n f.rour for,bonnet ornaments. Evening coiffures part ike much of the Oriental style. The Wir is dressed Ligber than it has lately been worn, ringlets ore shorter: wreaths 4 la Talliere, rosita, pompn, and cerice are ftshionable, The headdresses composed of law and flowers continue in favour; they are worn very backward on the herd. Coral continues t > be worn in Paris, and ornaments are made of it fortbedropcry and front of dresses. TUE TIIEMHE.—The Licensed Victuallers have ordnred a bespeak at the Theatre to-morrow—tho performances are Ko. 23, Jolm- ftreet, Adelphi; (lie Happy Man: mi my Husband's Ghost; with (to use a loycr's term) other entertainments. We are sorry to E car the Theatre is not properly supported. We would recommend the leading dramatists to get up some new play, on " liaising the Wind," when, considering tbe'times, there is little doubt that the house would £11. ADVtnnstv. —Belts Life in London, in answer to acorrespondeir, states that marriages and deaths inserted in newspapers are charged as advortiseroen's, but do not pay any duty. TENOUKS.—The Commissariat have called for tenders until the 2nd of June, for 15(1 tons of 12 per cent, flour. We beg to rccommpnd the Assistant Commissary General in future always to bring forward the tenders for supplies immediately sfter the harvest. Ifibisisdonethetillerofthe ground will be benefitted, bulif it is deferred later in llie season the jobber and dealer only reap tlie advantage, and on increased price is paid by'the Government. IjipnovEMEX'TS—The buildings intended for public offices, connecting tlie Court Ilouso and Police Office, are fast approaching comple:ion, and will add much to the appearance of the green at the corner of Macquuric and Murray-streets. Wo regret to see no workmen employed on tlie very handsorae Supreme and oilier Courts, is raucli couiDlaineil of. Tbere is hardly any epice for tlie former Courts, and tbo latter hare no room appropriated for their use, as ..„... in all other f__ parts of the world, if ordered " outof Court," iliero' is only a choice tweon ,I,e !> atl ' » nl1 ll,e public street. Tlie repors cm,tinIIes in tl,B same ' narrow — siructed, ill-united concern, hardly affording room to sit, much less l.ike notes. Vorily wo require some kind of a Legislature, and aJew Me:nb . rs who could hove (bo moral courage to urge these maticrs on the attention of the Executicc, when the estimates were under consideration. THE LAUKCESTON AovErmsKn.—This paper hits thought proper to doubt the accuracy oi'u late report in this journal. Wo recommend him lo hare some authentic information or data before he does so a^ain, fur we are «t a heavy expencc in fcoepin„ efficient reporters, and it will require the aid of something more tangible than a pardgrajili, even in the Laurceston Advertiser, to make the reader sceptical to the accuracy of our icporis. A CoKTEMPonjinr.—We have caused great offence to o Friday's print, because wo hare given publicity to ihe price of our journal, and have said that other newspapers ore. inferior to our own ; for only doing this n hack w iter has come out wi course n species of vilification os wo have read—not cxccpting the remarks of the rival r papers on tlie J'icLwxk papers, Has tho unfortunate penman for once reJlectcd thaL such uhuss in not calculated to injure us— it does not eriucB his superiority, except in one respect, l'ossihly wo may even receive a fecond edition frotn the same respectable source iu another paper this evening for inserting: a letter in this number from one of our subscribers. Wo have n rod in piclle for the whole of tho den; or us IIIB Courier has it, the vilo portion ot the press," which we will never pollute our paper by inserting; but if it 13 considered udviseable wo will give a few shelshcs in another mode— " now foremost iu the light, Not quite a fe'oa, yet but half a Knight j Heboid, in rariausthrongs tlie scribbling crew, For notice eager, pass in long review," ITrw Arroi\SMrKr.—Our paper of last Friday containod the appointment copied from the Gazette, of llr. Forstcr 10 be Director, and Mr. Thomson to be Hogistrar of the Probation System. These fficers are rendered necessary by tho lien-system, ceedin^s nnd keep statistical details for the information of the Secretary of Srate. liXrrvcE5 or POSTAOE.—The haary tor levied by the Local Government on letters through tlie Post Office, obliges us to coll the attention of our corespondents to the standing announcement that all letters addressed us, must be pre-paid. We hope the lime will one daytrrive, when the small sum received from the Post Office will not be considered as a means of taxation, but rather that the general revenue shall contribute to support and encourage communications, furofall theinju liciou-imi osi ions of Government^ tas for obtaining knowledge and information is to us the most impolitic. We had hoped that the Government of Sir John Franllin would have kept pace with the inarch of intellect in the mother country, by reducing lon moderote scale the carriage of newspapers and letters, but as yet noibing lias been done, and it is quite out of the power of our incompetent Legislature to forward a h 16M1,re oftl,is ^"eficinl kind; the initiation of »U sevcral S S sum's i of S Jute fur t letters S from parties S wishing l E to become subscribers to this journal. Kvon thigis ohjectionable, although gratified ns we are at all times to receive an accession to our subscription list, yet as our paper is sold at a price hnrely remunerating the costs of the labour and pipar; it is hoped th.t same consideration will be shown us in future in this respect. STEAMERS.—Advices have been received from England, that three river-built steam boats, the property of Messrs. J. Muirbead & Co., and intended forthis Coloayand Melbourne, were lo he sent out in all January. WHEAT STRAW,—It is not generally known that wheat sti aw is an es( client ftod for horses. Kimrod has the following remarks on the subject: — "Had any one said to me only six years back, ' What do you think of wheat straw os an article of food for horses? Do you think you could bring a race horse to the post in lit condition to run, on wheat corn and straw V I Bliould have returned a smile. Well, see what n change has eight years' residence in France wrought in my opinions and experience on this subject. I am now not only convinced that, to the fact of horses ooting as much wheat straw as they dobay, i3 to bo attributed their general healthy condition, and n.m-necessity for physic, even to those that work hard, and eat much corn (post and diligence horses, lor instance); but I was informed by Lord Ileurv Seymour at Paris, last March twelve mouths, that his racehorses, those of course doing good work, were eating noti.iag but wheaten straw and corn. It is my sincere conviction that, putting what we consider ohigh state ofcondition out of iho question, tlie comparativoly more healdiy state of French horscsover our own, is to be attributed to Iho alternative proportions of good wheaten si raw, together with the occasional use of bran, either mixed with their food or water." DARING CONDUCT.—On Saturday two constables at Westbury were remanded to the watch-house there under sentence for gross misconduct, when they seized upon two fowling pieces, locked the whole of the constabulary force in tho watch house, and took to the bush. They visited Mr. Bolger immediately afterwards, and carricd away a doublebarrelled gun. They are men of desperate charactor, and it is feared their courso will bo attended with mischief.— Launceston Advertiser. THE MmLANO AOIUCULTUHAI. SOCIETY,—A meeting of this Society took place on Friday last, to take into consideration the propriety of addressing tho Government on tlu present mode of accepting yearly tenders. This is intended indircclly, we presume, to find fault wiJithe injudicious importations of foreign flour. It would have been more proper that such a society should communicate with tlie Governmeuton thishighlyimpolitic tnensure'direct. in- stcad of doing it by a side wind. We hare not heard the result of the meeting. BtrrcHEHs'MEAr sun rne TrNDcits.—The communication on the moat contracts is under consideration, and will appear, if on enquiry, iho facts aro as reun>u>nl«l Tin BAU-.-Yhe gala given by Captains Rossi au<l Crozier, and tbeoBicersof H. JU. Ships W « and Terror, will tste place Ibis evamng, and we have 2 doubt will bo the most splendid fete o^the |kind that has ever been given atthis port, We »ill endeavour to dojustice to the entertainment as Tar as our descriptive powers will allow, in our next num- B E ARREMPR TO MOBDEN.—A few days since one OR the convicts at Port Arthur, named Minnignn, (who by the liyo was recently respited from (lia gaHows at Lounceston), attempted to murder one of his f el low convicts, named Travis. The circumstances which led to the diabolical attempt ore uearly as follow:—It appears that the worst characicrs and most determined absconders are worked in a party by themselves, general in breaking stones, the wholo class being made fast, for additional security, to a lone chain. Some of these men bad contrived to conceal a file, which however was discovered and taken nway. The suspicions of tins ill-omened gang fell upon Travis, as the person through whose Fnstrumeutality the concealment oftlie file had been discovered, and on tlie day that the murderous att w n a f c tempt wasmade, Minnignn accused Travis of having betrayed their secret, telling him at the same time that there was something in store for hioi, and that lie was as suto of it as if he already bad bail it. U hen the men were released from lheir chain to retire to their cells, Minnigan rushed at Travis and struck him with bis stone-hammer on the bead. I lie unfortunate Travis fell, abd tho blow was repeated. Such was tbo terrific effect of the lirst blow with the hammer that (be boneabuvo tlie right eye was quite desroyed, as well as the eye sight. 1 be second blow'innde a deep gash behind the ear. Aluililgan is flillv committed for trial—Courier Tnr. ARCHBISHOP OF DUDUR—In our last page, will lie found a sketch of Dr. Wbately, from (lie lien of Musi;. We insert tbis pa-jer, because toe Doctor lias made himself known to us by slatoinents which bo has lustily uttered to our prejudice. .MjNnm.s.—Mr. Reeves bus favoured us with n latde, winch"any person cunou'sin faen'brtHWn^llfii see at our office. 