Original Correspondence. To the Editor of the Australasian Chronicle. SIR--Through the kindness of friends I have seen your paper of the 23rd ultimo, in which I have read, under the head of "Original Correspondence," "Flogging men into Protestantism--another case," a letter, dated Goulburn, October 19th. 1841, signed "Observer" (not Lang's). In this letter I am held up to the world as having been the cham- pion of persecution in this colony; and, although a "Christian minister," the inflictor of suffering for "conscience' sake." I abhor and detest the spirit of religious intolerance which you have so unmer- cifully and unjustifiably attributed to me; and must request that you will allow this letter, containing my defence, to occupy the same place in your columns as the one compianed of; this I conceive I have a right to claim on the ground of common justice, and, allow me to add, with nothing less can I be satisfied. I knew the late Mr. Fitzpatrick well. He was, at the time named by your correspondent, my nearest neighbour; and, as I am reminded in con- versing with his son, I rendered himself and his family some friendly offices, of which he ever seemed to retain a grateful remembrance, evidenced by a warm interest in my own and family's welfare, expressed by him on every occasion of my meeting him in Sydney or elewhere. Judging, then, of this man's character, from all I can recol!ect at this distant period, I cannot suppose, nor do I believe, he was ever flogged on any account; and that he was ever punished by my order, in the slightest degree, I utterly deny. As your correspondent presumed that the case related by him must be well recollected by many now living in Windsor, I lost no time in addressing some of those who were most likely to give an impartial account of the distribu- tion of justice in those days of religious persecu- tion!! The following short reply from a respectable Roman Catholic schoolmaster, at the time and place alluded to, may perhaps be sufficient:-- "REVEREND SIR--I respectfully beg leave to state that in the year 1810, you found me, a Roman Catholic, keeping school at Wilberforce, contiguous to the town of Windsor, and which I continued so to do till August, 1815. During this period I never knew you, in any way, to persecute any individual on account of his religion; nor did I ever suspect you of making any difference between Catholic and Protestant, Churchman or Dissenter, in any of your magisterial decisions; but at all times you appeared equally desirous to promote the welfare of all classes of the community. --I remain, reverend sir, your sincere, humble, and obedient servant, "JAMES KENNY, Senior. "To the Rev. Robert Cartwright." Hoping for an early insertion of the above in the Australasian Chronicle, I remain, sir, your obedient servant, ROBERT CARTWRIGHT. Senior Assistant Chaplain. Goulburn, November 3, 1841. [As we have no object in view but truth, we most readily give insertion to the letter of our reverend correspondent, which certainly is a satisfactory disproof of his imputed connexion with the transac- tion referred to. That we, and probably also our correspondent, have been to that extent imposed upon, we have no doubt.--ED.] MR. EDITOR--A friend of mine, who has just arrived, smarting under the awful effects resulting from Father Mathew's go-ahead warfare against the "liberty of the glass," implores me to forward for your inspection these outpourings of his overcharged bosom and humbly prays you will assign them a niche in your literary temple. He also gives me to understand that their appearance in the Chronicle is of the utmost importance to his wife, inasmuch as the knowledge of her "fling" at that "turncoat spalpeen," Lin, being in print may act as a sort of safety valve, by permitting the escape of part of that extreme rage and disappointment with which she is nearly quite overpowered. I give you a faithful copy of the original, with the exception of some trifling arrangement in what my friend calls has "meethur."--Your obedient servant, RODERICK. King's Falls, Appin, 8th Nov., 1841. "TEETOTALLY UNDONE." Air--"There's nae luck." When "March of Intellect" began To stride through people's skulls, It bothered many an Irishman, And spoiled his thrade in bulls! But small, we'll say, was that mischance, Compared with all the woe Brought by the "March of Temperance"-- Our grog shops' overthrow. (Chorus) Och! there's little call for rum or beer; There is no dhrunken fun; And publicans will be, I fear, Teetotally undone! Ah, Father Mathew, jewel dear, You've brought strange things to pass; Why, you've raised the price of chaney-ware, And lowered the price of glass: Quart pot you've kicked clean out of doors, And kags to staves get knocked; While all our spirit marchants' stores Are badly overstocked. Our inns you're turning in-side out, And taverns make no show! And on our grand hot hells, no doubt, Cowld wather yet you'll throw. This crazy world, all must allow, Is made of downs and ups; For high imparial vessels bow To tay and coffee cups! 'Tis that same tay and coffee thrade That bothered me outright: My wife's high notions low are laid, And grandeur put to flight My daughter, too, will brake her heart Long filled with hopes so big, To bate the grand piany-forte, And couch it in a gig. My wife knows how to milk and churn, And patch owld shirts and smocks; But now "a hand" she hates to "turn," Unless to turning cocks. Of tay she dearly loved a cup, Before she left Kildare; But since this temp'rance shout rose up The tay-pot she can't bear. She says "tay dhrinkin" is a plan To take poor landlords in, Hatched by that chaney-munster-man, The son of Brien o-Lin. For fear the price of his bohay Would down to nothin' come, He took to cry up dhrinkin' tay, And cry dowen dhrinking rum!" Must spirits, then, give up the ghost, And life desart our jails, And sneaking Temperance "rule the roast" In this fine New South Wales? Must sly informers sink all hopes, And skulking "thraps" be few, And Masthur Ketch, with "soap and ropes," Get no odd jobs to do? Bad luck was certainly my lot, When first I choosed the thrade, And thought from dhrunkard's gill and pot My fortune would be made. So boys, when you from Ireland come, Take warning by my tale, And shun the thrade in beer and rum, Just as you'd shun a jail. Och, there's little call, &c.; OWEN BULGRUDDERY, (Late of the "Pig and Weathercock.") The Diario di Roma announces the death of Marchesa Quarantotti, aged 112 years. It states that, until two years ago, when she began to feel the infirmities of age, she enjoyed perfect health, and all her intellectual faculties were in full vigour. 