MISCELLANIES. . "EGVPTUK D&AMAS.;—Rude dramatic representations are popular among 1 the Egyptians (says Dr. llowring.) They 'generally turn upon one of the two subjects mobtinterestiiig to them, namely, their Teligion and their'taxation. The religious dramas usually introduce a Christian giaour, upou whom the process of conversion is -operatingin the shape of severe bastinadoings, always ending in the triumph of Mahomedan orthodoxy; the Christian sufferer sutrendering little by little, and at last, in plenty of blows, getting, plenty of belief. In the other department of amusement, the tax-gatherer is generally introduced demanding 10Q piastres from u poor fellah who has only ten in the world, and who is fearfully flogged, amidst the laughter ofthe sympathising, for not doing what it is imposisble he could do. NEW AMI IMPORTANT SURGICAL OTIIIATINN.— On Thursday last the Bubcutaneons section of the muscles of tibe bad- for the cure of lateral curvature ' of the Bt'>:e, was for the first time in this country, performed by Dr. Hunter, professor of anatomy, Andersonian University, Glasgow in the presence of a numberof elite ofthe medical profession. The operation consists in cutting across the muscles of the back that produce the curvature, and although it lias the appearance, at first sight, of being a formidable operation, yetitissn cunningly and simply performed under t'he skin that the patient, although in this instance a delicate young lady, complained of no pain, lost no more than three drops of blood, anil was only 30 seconds under the hands ofthe operator. —Glasgow Paper. PHILOSOPHY OF KATJNC.-—That we eat too much in proportion to our absolute wants cannot foi a moment be doubted. But the pliancy of nature to throw off such repletion shows the skill of the great architect in our construction; if it were not so. our health and happiness would be perpetually subjected to all the hazardous consequences arising out of the blindness of our appetites. As rational and recording beings, the time may come when it may be far otherwise. We are already tar removed from the hunting savage, whose appetite, like the boa constrictor, is glutted at one meal for the sustenance of many days. But the true philosophy of eating will not be understood till we have discovered the means by which food may be so varied as to be the best antidote to disease. It must always be remembered, that as the waste ofthe body is constant and progressive, so ought to be the supply. Much is said of the virtues of abstinence, but abstinence would seldom be required if intemperance did not exist: temperance is the happy medium by which both may be avoided.—[Franfcum's JJiscourse,—a little book from which all mny receive some useful hints touching their health, and more particularly those who are, from their habits or occupation, predisposed to corpulency—to which clnss it is immediately addressed.] A 'GHOST STORY—In the hot weather of this last summer, Lord Asbburnbam's very oh] uncle, the liisbop of Chichester, was waked in his palaco at four o'clock in the morningby his bedchamber door being opened, when a female figure, all in white, ^entered, and sat down near Lim. The prelate, who protests he was uot frightened, said, in a tone of authority, hut not with the UBUHI triple adjuration, " Who are you?" Not a word of reply, but the personage heaved a profound sigh. The bisbop rang the bell, but the servants wers so sound asleep that nobody heard him. He repeated his question ; still no answer, but another deep sigh. Then die apparition took some papers out of its pocket, end read them to itself. At last, when the bisbop had continued to ring and nobody to come, the spectre rose and departed as sedately as it had arrived. Wl.nn the servants did at length appear, the bishop cried, "Well! what have you seen?" "Seen, my lord ?" " Ay, seen; who or what is the woman that has been here ?" " Woman! my lord !" {I helieve one ofthe fellows smiled; though, to do her justice ]-ady Onslow did not say so.) In short, when my lords had related his vision, his domestics did humbly apprehend that his lordship had been dreaming; and so did his whole family the next morning, tor in this our day even a bishop's household does not helieve in ghosts ; and yet it is most ccrtain that the good man had l»een in ao dream, and told nothing 'but what he had seen; for, as the story ocirculated and diverted the ungodly at the prelate's expense, it came at last to the ears of a keeper of a madhouse iu the diocese who came and deposed, that a female lunatic under his care bad escaped from his custody, und, finding the gate of the palace open, had marched up to my lord's chamber. The deponent further said, that his prisoner was always reading a bundle of papers.—Letters of I{. Walpole. CONTIUDICITOSS is LOVE.—" A tall man never marries a tall woman—aud the ugtiest men generally possess the most lovely wives. Talent frequently unites itself with ignorance ; and the blue-stock - ing usually selects an uneducated husband. The modest, prudeat, and virtuous girl bestows her heart upon the spendthrift or rake; and a quiet, domesticated man cherishes an attachment towards a giddy and gay woman. Love is composed of contradictions. 