THE LUNACY O? NATIONS. IT lias been said that nobody is perfectly sane. The meaning is, that al! men are apt, more or other, to run into extravagancies of thought or conduct. But if any one is sometimes a little mad, the occasional insanity of masses of people is yet more obvious ; witness the Crusades, the Alchemists, the South Sea and Mississippi Bub bles, the Cock Lane Ghost, the Reign of Terror in France, Camp Meetings in America, Revivals in Scotland, and the exploits of Mad Tom in Kent. When folly happens to he infectious, every crackskull strives to outdo his neighbour, and the lunacy of each is aggravated by that of the others. Thus whole nations run mad at times, and many nations together. If the French, the English, and the Amelie aus should go out of their mind at once, no part of the world will escape the contagios. Are there not svítoms of Ute approach of this universal lunacyt The folly of individuals commonly displays ttssîf tn extravagancies of love, jealousy, vanity, ambition, avarice, or regenge ; that of masses in some absurd faith ; and that of nations in the craving for war without an object. War for the mere sake of war is the desire of a lunatic peo p'e. The fit seems to have set in upon France and Britain and the Uaited States. Throughout these countries at this moment everybody is talking of war, and nobody can tell why. Some eighty millions of people tax their ingenuity tn vain to discover any reason for cutting each other's throats ; and yet they expect a dreadful conflict, and are preparing for it as if it were inevitable. Nay, more-and this is the grand symptom of the I ra mic state-they seem bent on provoking themselves and each omer to anger, by the dis play of a jealous spirit, by extravagant preten sions, by raking up old grievances, and by strut ting and crowing as if tor the mere purpose oi picking a quarrel. They are like Irish peasauts at a fair daring each other to begin the party fight. Their only apparent motive is that they are sick of peace and prosperity. The occurrence of this detestable sent ment may perhaps tte explain^!. As there is a period in the life of individua s during which the vio'ent passions predominate, and contests for any abject, or even without an object, are productive of pleasure, so it may be thai each generation of a people may wish to enjoy the s'irou'us of war. The affjùrs of nat "ons are settled by the men of fi o tn thirty to fifty tears of age. Now of these, whether in France, our own country, or the Uni ed States, very lew have lived as men in time of war-have indulged in the intoxication oí glory. Neither have they any personal experience of the miserie« of protracted war. Ia proportion to their longing for the un'asted excitement i* their ind'fivrence to the penally of disgust which they have never felt. They are tired of the stale peace, and are goin£ to ba tie for the novelty of the treat. No one can otherwise account for the pl-iin tendency to war anion" nations WMCU have yet to make a quat rel to fight about. When nations go to war without a cause and without an object, their onlv busings? is to injure each other as much as possib'e Ttie extent of mutual injuiy that may be inflicted in this case is beyond calculation ; for the destructive power of steam navigation has not yet been ascertained ; and such vast interests have grown up during a long period of friendly relations among the three leading nations of the earth-interests wholly dependent on the continuance of peace-that war must be more destructive economically than physically, whether to the French, or the English, or the Americans. The mere blood shed in action between nation and nation seems a trifling matter when compared with the con vulsions of trade that would occur throughout the region of war. France would indeed suffer less than England or America from disturbance of the established order of industry and commerce ; but then, to make the balance even, France can scarcely go to war without the accompaniment of apolitical revolution at home. While the Southern producers of America and more than half the manu facturers of England were ruined-while grass was growing in the streets of Manchester and New York-the French would be destroying each other in civil broils. And then there are the state of slavery in America, and the state of pauperism in Ireland, and the state of chartism in England and Scotland, as elements of further destruction-all brought into activity by the state of war. For doing harm in all directions this war would be as signal as for being without a cause and without an object. It would perhaps be destructive in proportion as it was aimless. In the absence of any reason for going to war, they talk in France of sending steamers to burn Brigton, and in Eng I land of buming Buffalo and New York, and in ! America of buming Montreal or Liverpool. People seem to be possessed by the Devil, lt is a clear case of the lunacy of nations.-Colonial Gazette, March IO. 