THE HEADERS OP THE ' TRUE COLONIST.' The suspension of this Journal for live weeks, in ninth year of its existence us the 'Journal of the people, the exposer and opposer of oppression, cor- ion, and incapacity in public men, requires from proprietor some particular explanation, for the faction of 'his readers, both in the Colony and in . nin. It is unnecessary to remind the friends or enemies of the True ' Colonist,' of the sentiments which it, and all connected with it, were regarded every delinquent or incapable public officer, by private extortioner and oppressor, and by the gade pretenders to public spirit and honest in endence of principle, who had been detected in rting and betraying the cause of the community, the purpose of gratifying their own selfish feelings interests. The public of this Colony know that nil-' persons, who once figured conspicuously as pretending champions of the public rights, had I iccted themselves with the 'True Colonist,' as a ns of acquiring .popular fame, und muking^them-l [BUI LLll^,VJLWlll\% 111 1,111^ V1IC3 \Jk vhv. Vluv^lluu^lUf s to make them appear worth the purchasing by e| of the means of payment which this Govern-I tpdssesses for satisfying unprincipled men, who d basely set themselves up for sale. These men, all traitors in every cause, have been the bitterest nies to the '.People's Journal,' which they for iy pretended to support, and by means of which had brought themselves into notice, by having ived themselves and many of the public into the sfjthat the existence of the ' People's Journal' :nueu on uiem — mac im;y uuu uicutcu mm au^ ed it, and that they could silence it or barter its uiples with as great facility as they, changed their , and make it like themselves, the fawning syco lt of that authority of which, they had so recently \ the violent and vindictive, and often unreason I opponents. Or, unable to convert it into the aded sycophant of an imbecile and dishonest eminent, they would gladly have made use of it vehicle- for their own lampoons and vitupera s against the very parties with whom they ap ?ed to be on terms of hollow friendship and con [nce;. while the ostensible conductor of the 'Peo- te Journal,' and the Journal itself, was to bear whole obloquy and consequences ot the con t of those double-distilled traitors, inding that they could not prostitute it to this vile lose, they had recourse to every means for its sup islon. They felt its influence as an accusing re 1 of their own political ' profligacy and treachery,' they found it necessary to manifest a most furious against their own formerly professed principles confidants, as evidence of the sincerity of their rinciplcd change of principle, to secure the cbn lice of the authorities, whom they felt it their :vest to conciliate. The conductor of the ' People's frnal' was assailed by ever}' species of oral and fited slander and calumny, in his individual cn Rty, and the Press instead of being devoted to mnt I of public interest, was converted into a weekly icle of personal vituperation. To put an end to ? , the Proprietor of the ' True Colonist' was corn ed to seek the protection of the law, and in plaee nyoking .the_ criminal justice 'of the country for punishment of the grossest slanders that ever ;ruced the press of any country, he appealed to civil nrnrfss. and cave his trndueers everv op tunity of proving the truth of their calumnies. s they boasted that they would do. 'he ' Courier' and the ?' Advertiser' had made iimultaneous attack on the personal charac of the proprietor of this Journal— the 'Ad- tiser' for the reasons which we have shewn — the mirier,' having the same object in view, was in ated by different causes. The editor of the eoplc's Journal' had brought under the notice of authorities in England the conduct of the Attor -uenerai, me ijruuier ui uic ciuiui ui mi= ^uu ,' in charges which were unanswerable by that cer, or. by the Government which supported him, hat conduct. They knew that their accuser, if charges did not me.et vwith attention from the retary of State, woufd'.peVsevere in bringing them are Parliament, 'wh.ere^th'ey must meet with at iipri,. and where thejiTesult' must be fatal to the used; and thqir o^iiope! rested on destroying character of the aceuseri;and raising such a pre ice against him',*as wpu£d]pr.event any member of liament from entertaining ffis charges. The par who controlled the ?'^e.burier' felt that they st either destroy their accuser, or that lie must ceed in destroying them. This made the hatred the ' Courier' and its ? conductor against the rue Colonist,' always bear more the appearance dir and open war, than the base and treacherous ignity displayed by the ' Advertiser.' The re' t of the trials for one of the libels published by fi of those Jounrals is beforevthe public, and they (e given their judgment' on th;e,ve7iJJLCt of the jury feach case, which we know excited equal ostonish 'nt in the minds of the plaintiff; # defendant, of every one who heard them';:i|We will not e stop to comment upon the unpreMklented var s: a full and faithful report of 'tlie;' whole pro lin'S will be preserved in ari6^her-'^prm, and nr mnn Wlm rends will iudue dfrthem without uiring any comments from an interestid party, will merely observe, that the principjlsbject of plaintiff was fully attained in the -itolljp^ion of personal character from the foulest slanders that ivwere published against any man, andforswhich ? Judge, who tried the case, said, that ino';an}ount lamages could atone, if they were meaflt.ifo.:«toply the character of the individual, whicK th'^de lants maintained they did not, and the' juJft to, astonishment of the defendants themselyesi.be ed them. The 'justification set up by thefie3itor he ' Courier.'i was the most absurd that ever.^jas sented to the consideration of any court ofjutjm^ [ the plaintiff, contrary to theadvice of,bo||iSM nsel, insisted upon joining issue. ;:J^^| lough he was a'ssured.that he~must;obla8lwlg-: nt on demurrer, being determined that h^?ould il himself of no legal technicality' to. .prevent the sndant from proving every thing that he possibly Id allege in justification of his slanders. The mdaht travelled back through the files of the oj'onist' for a period of five years,7 and raked ether every thing that he could put of its columns, ihew that the plaintiff had libelled other people, ord Qlenelg and Sir George Arthur,' 'Death 1 the Bailiff,' ' Lady Franklin and the Ghost of ly Hester Stanhope,' were dragged before the f as a shield to the slanderers— but in vain. 1 te will not at present dwell upon the details of the ence, some of the points we will at future oppor jities'refer to, particularly the evidence of Mr. fencis Smith, ? which certainly was a libel upon |py Franklin, such as we have never heard or read (having been permitted to be uttered in any court of justice against. any: individual, who was; no party to the matter, at issue. The Judge laid down the law oii the trial of ' Robertson v. M'Dowell,' as clearly and as impartially as ever it was laid down in any case ; and he told the jury, that one portion of the libel was the worst arid most maliciously wicked that he had ever read of, and that if they thought it LV.UlLJ'.lYUa JllbGMUVU LU tl|IJJl^ IIS LUC piUlll(-lU, II* U1U impossible for him to say what he should consider a sufficient amount of damages to mark the abhor rence which every man .must feel at such a libel. But he hoped, for the'sake of humanity, that no man could have intended to make such a charge against another without being, able to. show a shadow of foundation for it., The intended application was so evident,' that it was impossible for any doubt to exist about it 5;b'ut the counsel for the defendant, with the Greatest effrontery, denied it. and said that some /br»w-?r;piiblicati6h would shew that it did not apply to the plaintiff, but .that publication was not pro duced, although the.flles of. the editor,. and. thoscof -in- JJUMliaill.1 Ullll ^JtU^ll LU4.Uk, Ul 111C \JUUUU) VI *Zl II ill in the; possession of the.defehdant ; and the file of the !' .Courier',' belonging, to the ?' Advertiser' office was also produced by him, yet, strange to sayj this paper could not be found. Yet the jury in a matter so, seriously affecting the character of the parties, believed the assertion of counsel against the evidence'pf their own senses. We have since seen the papeij referred to, and we find that it.proves;the very opposite to what the Attorney-General says it would prove ; but we have no great apprehension that the I discovery of this will give any serious trouble to, the consciences of that jury, who gave a farthins damages for such a lihcl. and who rriiiUl hn lersuadedlto believe that a charge of the sacrilegious performance, of the most solemn transaction between man and his Creator, was not intended to apply to! the individual character of the person charged with I having committed it. The plaintiff was strongly! cautioned against allowing the names .of some of the jury who tried this case to remain on the pannel, unsuicu mill iucy wuiim, unuer any circumstances, give .a verdict against him, having themselves been annoyed liy| his former . exposure of certain public abuses. The reply of the plaintiff was, ' I am fully convinced that the persons referred to hate me with a most cordial hatred, but I believe that they are men who would not disregard their oath ; and they cannot be deceived as to the meaning of the libel.' We hope that they did regard their oaths, and that tllflir illtimnpnt wn« rlppnivpr! ! Vitlf nf frVm ffp nrn pnn_ vinced, that no other twelve men could be found in similar verdict on the same evidence. But to the nstonishment: of every person the Judge who had laid down the law so clearly, and given a ' charge' so directly opposed to the verdict returned by the jury, on the application of the defendant's counsel UClblllGU LUltU^llVC bill; |llUllltlli Ul CUBIS. Ik »Ud HUB most unaccountable conduct in the Judge, which made the Solicitor-Generul consider it perfectly use less to proceed with the trial of the second case before the same Judge and jury. The learned gen tleman has been most unjustly censured for not carrying through the second case, although he gave it up'-to-his junior counhc-1 with- thc-full concurrence of the plaintiff ami his attorney. Mr. Anstey has also been most unjustly blamed for the. manner in which he conducted the second case, because he expressed to the jury his opinion of the verdict of the preceding day, und told them that he knew what would be the decision of a jury in England on such a case as that on which he was addressing them ; although after what he had witnessed on the pre ceding dav. he, would not venture to anticipate what a Colonial jury might do. We will, at some future time, shew to bur readers some specimens of what English and Irish juries have been told by such men as Erskine and5 Curran ; and if we could believe it possible, as has been asserted, that 'the jury were offended at Mr. Anstey's address, and thereby in duced to give a verdict against his client, we should very mucli regret that Mr. Anstey did not tell them ten times more .than he did on that head. The Judge throughout the whole of this trial behaved to Mr. Anstey in the most unfeeling and insulting manuer, his very assumed courtesy and kindness being the greatest insult of the whole. We know that Mr. Anstey felt it, and although he could not, in the relative situation in which he stood to the Judge, at such a. lime notice, much less resent, his Honor's conduct : it is impossible that he can ever fnwrptit! nnd we think it more than nrobable that he will yet make his Honor see cause to regret it— if he has not already seen it. Mr. Anstey is not fit to live in this Colony; and although we consider his departure a Colonial loss, yet, on his own ac count, we are glad to find that he is proceeding to a country more congenial to his feelings and his sen timents. Tha/bcc-ple °f this Colony have lost al most thejtfMwtion of the honest, bold expression of thoig^Wti belongs, to free men, and which thev^B|||p|Jprcciate in the land of their fathers. TbJffljp^ncc of the convict system on the one handTand the character of our Colonial Government as a Penal Colony on the other, i has tinctured with an odour of slavery and slavish feeling, every senti ment and principle in the Colony ; and no man can expect to prosper who does not yield to its influence, the few daring spirits who cannot and will not bend to its influence^ must in succession suffer persecu tion and ruin, hut kindred. spirits will be raised in greater numbers, until a revolution takes place in the f.Vini.nntor nf flip iinnnlp. with the chance of the svs tem of Government Mr. Anstey is not fit to be a slave, or a slave^jjitcr, or to live amongst slaves, he is, therefore, wise to betake himself to the land of freedom, where, men may, without fear of being set up as objects to be destroyed, think and speak nnH net ns hp.comes free men. But to return to the trial, ' Robertson v. Abbott.' The defendant in one of a series of libels hud des Iribed the plaintiff as a person whose ' life had been spent in profligacy and treachery.' At first he had Expressed his determination to justify and prove the truth of his slander; he made repeated applici%ions for time to plead, which he obtained ; and when at last the Judge would grant him no more time, he got the trial put off for a whole term, because the plaintiff had in the ' True Colonist' made a refer intimating to the plaintiff, that if he again referred to the trial, he should put it off for a year, and then try it at Launccston, and compel the plaintiff to find security for paying, all the costs of having it tried there, before lie would allow the trial to proceed. The plaintiff was advised on this to withdraw the record, and to consider the case as already decided, but he would not listen to such advice; the defen dant pleaded the general issue, ' Not Guilty.' At the trial he admitted the publication of libel the, and pleaded that it did not allude to the personal character or conduct of the plaintiff, but to his poli tical writings,, and then attempted to justify the chargeof profligacy and treachery by shewing that the plaintiff in his newspaper, when he and the de fendant were on terms of friendship and connected in business; hail admitted some .articles favourable to the defendant's claim- to. the .'Swamp' at Laun ceston, and that subsequently, (when he was butter informed upon the subject,) he had written against that claim, and had charged the defendant with set ting up a newspaper to support tlie Government, to which he had always been opposed, with a view to ootaining compensation iroui xne puuuu .purse iur the value of property to which he had, no just claim. , . ' The Judge laid down the law very clearly, shewing the distinction between personal libel, and the license givcu ro puonu wnixrs iu uuuuciuu mu ou tings . and , principles- of '?their opponents,' as those principles were, set forth. in their writings. And the jury .'believed, tlie assertion of theJpiertdant, ttuvt he did not intend to, injure';. and that the charge a' having spent a life in treachery ami profligacy was not culculated to* injure the personal character of the plaintiff,' . and that it was an net of political '' treachery and profligacy' to write in support of -a i-ausR nn the faith of renreseutations made bv an interested party; and nfterwards, on discovering the fallacy of those representations, to write against it; and that one such act justly subjected the party guilty of it to the charge of having spent his whole life in ' profligacy and treachery :' and they found a verdict for the defendant ! ! ' '\\\7rt will «r\f Afl*.i*« f»nn wnrrl nf pnmmPTit. imnti tills verdict; we ure bound to believe1 that the jury de cided according to their oaths and the best of their judgement, but it can be no libel to say that the public have returned a very different verdict. It was the. intention of the plaintiff to have moved the Court for new trials in both cases; but the judge .who tried the cases, granted the defendant in the first case a certificate, to deprive the. plaintiff of costs ; and in the second cuse, granted the de fendant a eertincate tor immediate execution ior :osts; and in a very few days a writ of ca. sa. was issued against the plaintiff for ; something about £40, which was not executed through the courtesy Df the defendant's attorney, Mr. Rowlands, who gave the plaintiff notice of it in time to allow him to settle it before the writ was sent into the hands of the Sheriff. But we are bound to submit, and to acknowledge this to be tlie perfection of justice in a British Colony at the antipodal ; to think the con trary or certainly to mxmuaie Kuen a inougm \vuuiu subject us to four years imprisonment,' according to a promise once made to us by Mr. Justice Montagu, und we must do his Honor the justice to say, that he has kept his promise to us in spirit, although we have not vet afforded him an opportunity of fiiltillinu it to the letter. These cases ure now closed here, but they will be brought under consideration else where. The plaintiff has, although at a considera ble expense, defied his calumniators to substantiate one word of their slanders against his character, and they have shrunk from the attempt. It is but justice to Mr. Jones and Mr'; Austey to state, that they both iWuVned-rnWr-reW iii each - nure-TimJi-tlifcysiufiiii; result of the trials, and to Mr. Young, that he de clined to make a charge for his part of the business. llius marKiug irteir vciuiui. uu wig i-.u&^b. We cannot pass over the conduct of the Attorney General, as counsel for the defendant. He challenged the whole panel of the special jury (because the Sheriff hud, as he was bound to do according to the then existing law, summoned the plaintiff, on the alphabetical list), and then taking an opportunity to repeat the insults which he had attempted to heap upon the plaintiff in the Legislative Council, by ob jecting to his qualification as a special juryman, 'but which were overruled by the Judge, who stated that the fact of his being one of the parties being quite sufficient to strike his name out of the list, that he would not listen to any other objection. Other three gentlemen were then objected to, on the ground oi qualification, and the panel being thus reduced to the number that suited tlie Attorney-General's views, the trial proceeded with a jury of twelve. The At torney-General having, in fact, had tlie opportunity of striking out ten ofthe names that were (/allotted, whereas the law only gives euch party the right to strike out six ; and we have been refused the right of challenge in a :case of criminal prosecution for libel where we had no counsel, because said the Judge — 'You have the right to strike out six names.' It appears to us that this would of itself be sufficient grounds for a new trial; but we have Judge Monta gu's opinion on that subject already, in his certificate granted in the one case, and execution in the other, und in the face of that opinion it would he folly to apply to the court here, of which His Honor forms an equal moiety; and it is ;more fof-tue interests oi society that the whole affair should come through the Secretary of State under ' consideration of the Law Authorities in England. We thought it indispensible that we should lay before our readers the above statement, although the time has now so long passed since they have seen the reports of the trials in the other papers. . .We must do Mr. M'Dowell the justice to say that, /?» report in the 'Courier' of Mr. Jones's opening speech was very fair, and his improvement on- the speech ofthe Attorney-General Was not to be com plained of under the circumstances, but he ought in fairness to have reported the other case, for. Mr. Abbott's report was most disgracefully unfair. Both as regarded Mr. Anstey individually, and the case of Kin niinnt' Tim t- n»»r\rf nnc _? i U AVPrV TflSTlPfifc. WOrtllV Ilia \jllV;H\lt ?M. **l- * \r^J\J* «? ?? v»--j -?? »? ? — - j ? :^- ? / - *r of the ' Advertiser.' We regret that we cannot now do Mr. Anstey justice by reporting the trial in this journal, as its circulation will be comparatively lim ited in the other form in which we intend to pub lish it; but Mr. Anstey has the satisfaction to know dint hp. has the crateful approbation of his client, who is satisfied that he did not lose his cases from any defect of zeal or ability in his counsel, lie has also a stronger testimony of the manner in which he discharged his duty to his client in the insults and injuries which have been heaped upon him by a non descript Government and its venal organs, since he had the temerity to appear as the advocate of the Editor of the ' People's Journal,' and to speak truths which no other man, except himself, ever had the courage, in the situation in which he stood to utter in Van Diemen's Land, since the reign of the In his address to the Juvy, the Attorney-General, talking of the plaintiff said, with great energy,— ' Chush the webtch ! !' which our readers will remember as a plagiarism, we think, from Voltaire, or from his correspondent, Frederick of Prussia, originally applied to the Christian religion and it* Divine Author. Outside the- Court-house, this con servator of the laws and public peace said, ' 1 will never let him alone until I. cuush him! ' . And in accordance with this praiseworthy spirit, so becoming his high office and uwful powers, the learned gen tleman thought proper to entertain the Legislative Council with some of his low witticisms, us he thought, at our expense, but really at his own; for every man who heard him, and who has read the report of his gratuitous and ill-timed attempt at insults, knows the cause by which it was excited, nnd that he was driven so wide of his propriety by the agonizing writhings inflicted upon him by the tjiuths, the unanswerable truths, contained in the petition of Jackson ar.d Addison to the Secretary of State, for the preparing of which he blamed us. But what on earth had that to do with our right to the title of Esquire ? or our qualification to be re turned on the. Jury List? But we beg to inform him, that if he perseveres in his threatened purpose an this head, that we will not leave the matter to be decided by him nor by the Police Magistrates whom iie'attccipted to bully; but that we will bring the whole facts, and his conduct and motives in the affuir, before the Secretary of State — aye, and be fore the House of Commons too — the point at issue is certainly not worth contending for, it is, in fact, ridiculously contemptible; but it involves a prin ciple which is terrific when we look at the office which Mr. M'Dowell holds, and the fearful power which that office gives him. But it is fortunate that he has determined on applying his 'crushing' powers to an object that is not formed of very fragile materials, and that, even if ' crushed,' will prove to lie a mouthful of gravel, that will most probably break his fangs. Another instance in which the Attorney-General departed out of his course for the carrying. into effect his 'crushing' purpose was, in bringing forward in Council the assertion, that we had lodged sureties under the Newspaper Act: now the fact is, that we had lodged sureties six years ago under the then existing law, and when the last act was passed we had neglected to renew our sure ties until we were threatened with an information. We then consulted Mr. Alfred Stephen, the late Attorney-General, who told us, that as the matter stood we were not legally liable to any penalty, and that the information must be quashed. Informa tions were successively laid by Mr. Rowlands, Mr. Sutton, arid Mr. Jacomb, or his solicitor, Mr. Dob son, but they were never brought to trial. But after the printing of Jackson arid Addison's petition to the Secretary of State, which was not printed ut the UU1UC UK UUT IJUIJl 1 , LUC UUVdUUl guvc HiaLi uutluiio to the Attorney- General, to file criminal informa tions against the petitioners, ' arid all parties who were concerned in getting up the petition, or in publishing it ; so determined was the benevolent and just Sir John Franklin ' to crush every wretch' who dared, even in a petition to the Queen's Minis ters, to bring the conduct of his Excellency's Go vernment under the notice of the constitutional ad visers of his Sovereign iu a lawiul and constitu tional form. It is fearful to contemplate the con dition of a community where the Government is not content to have recourse to the means which have been resorted to by Sir John's Government to ' crush' freedom of discussion in the public newspuT 'iii'iTuaf EVGU stieKbtolnnmiuare'tiiosewho ire suSer ing wrong from seeking even a consideration of their coriipluints. Fortunutely for Sir John Frank un, some pruueut menu, or cuuciuus cuuuscuur uuu persuaded him to de.ist from his fearful purpose. But we regret for tlie sake, not only ofthe people of this Colony, but for the sake of all the mis-governed Colonies of Britain, that Sir John did not proceed with the threatened prosecution ; it would have been a most appropriate sequel to the repeal of the sta tute of James, and arising out of that daring inva sion of the constitutional rights of British subjects ; out Sir John Franklin has just gone far enough to uilbrd us grounds for bringing this attempt at in timidation under the notice of the British Parlia ment. But we shall not subject ourselves to a re petition of such threats by sending a copy of our petition to Sir John Franklin, or by publishing it iu the Colony ; but we take this method of making his Excellency acquainted with the subject of our peti tion, so that he may furnish the Secretary of State with any explanation or' justification of the pro ceedings of which we complain. We were present in the Legislative Council when Sir John declared his resolution to direct the Attorney-General to pro secute the individual who had addressed copies of the petition to the members of council, and all par ties in any way concerned iu it j and Captain Swans ton stated publicly, that the Attorneys-General had received positive instructions to that effect. But, not content with this, the Government gave positive orders to the Crown Solicitor, and that officer served a notice on Mr. M'Dougall that he should prosecute him if he allowed us to print our paper airain at his office. Now the Government might with equal jus tice prosecute any person for reading the ' True Co lonist,' or'.for letting a house to the proprietor, and we expected that we should next hear of a similar notice being served on our kind and worthy land lord, Mr.'M'Lachlan, for allowing us to live in one of his houses ; for we have been for six years the duly registered and legally responsible printer and publisher, as well as sole proprietor of the 'True Colonist.' But Mr. M'Dougull in consequence oi this threat, refused to allow us print at his office, :,i.,r*..V,v :niilili,mtifinL- \\\nl'twn thp nlnsp nf flip, vnfir. which our readers will observe was a most opportune season for putting down a rival newspaper, by sus pending its publication just at the season when peo ple were most likely to order another paper, on the suppression of that to which they had ulways sub scribed; and we find more than one newspaper pro prietor had by some mysterious means, found out our subscribers, and sent their papers to them un asked, with some intimation or insinuation that the ' Colonist' was dead. We were in course of making arrangements for the removal of our printing and publishing to cur present office; but all pur exertions and our faculties were for a time par alyzed and suspended by the unparalleled pro ceedings of the Judge and jury, in our actions for libel, connected with the denunciations uttered against us by the Governor and Attorney-General, and the proceedings consequent thereon ; for a pro secution such ns the Government threatened against Mr. M'Dougall, was without precedent in the history of penal laws. We had lodged the sureties for the only purpose in which tlie Government could have anv interest, nanielv. oeairist' blasphemous and sedi tious libel. There has not been for many months the most remote approach to alleged libel in any oi our writings ; yet, at the very moment when the ter rible denunciations of the Governor and the Attorney General made' it appear dangerous for any man to show us an act of kindness — and when it was appa rent that we were marked for destruction by the au thorities—not for any offence committed against the laws, but for upholding the laws— when it was seen what it was possible to get a jury to think of our right to the protection ofthe laws, and the summary manner in which a Judge could set the final process of the civil law in operation against us, contrary to the then existing practice, in the exercise of the au thority vested in him — when the Attorney-General had first in his place in the Legislature, and after wards in the Supreme Court, boldly usserted, that we were unqualified to sit upon a jury, and not possessed of eighty pounds a-year, wherewith tosupport and edu cate a large family — that wns the moment chosen by. the Government to interfere in u matter in which it had no shadow of legitimate interest, to destroy our property, or to compel us, in the face of all these apalliug circumstances, to get two or four persons to be hound as sureties for a man against whom the Governor declared in his seat, as President of the Legislature,; that he would direct the Crown Lawyers to seek for grounds of prosecution in a Petition and complaint addressed to the Secretary of State; — whom ? the Attorney-General called upon a jury to crush as a wretch, by depriving him of the protection of the law, and whom the same Attorney-General after wards declared he would never leave until he hod crushed him. We were afraid nnd ashamed to ask any friends to become surety for us; and two whom we did ask said that they would lodge the money for . us, as a guarantee to any persons who would, give their names as sureties, but that they would not in- ' cur the consequences of such denunciations as had : ' ? been uttered against us by giving their names to the . jrovernment as our sureties. We had resolved to yield to the terrific power that vas arrayed against us, and sacrifice a property which it had cost us six years and mnny sacrifices to jstablish, and to seek protection under some other Government that had more respect for British laws md the rights of British subjects, and where a long period of arbitrary rule and abused authority hod not enslaved the ininds of the people. Just as we had formed this resolution, we received assurances, that the suspension of the People's Journal had pro duced 'a sensation all over the Colony, which was ? ;ruly gratifying to us. We received proofs that we lad a host of. sincere, though secret friends, who ivcre afraid to invoke the vengeance ofthe Govern ment and its emissaries, by openly avowing them selves our supporters, nnd we felt that it would be sowordly to desert a righteous cause in which we had laboured so long, and suffered so much,: just at the time when the crisis must be at hand ; for we feel ns the ruling faction feel, nnd they show their feelings by their deadly rage, (for nobody ever thinks of .Sir.';.... John Franklin in 'the matter,) that the exposure of, the proceedings connected with the repeal of the ' statute of James is the most fatal blow that has ever been struck at the system of misrule and corruption by which this Colony has been cursed. We gave in the names of our sureties on Friday week, and did not receive notice of their approval until Thursday, which is the cause that our Paper did not appear in time for Friday's post. ? ? ? ?' ? ' The True Colonist' will, for the present be pub'- r lished as usual, on Fridny, aiLthe original ..pffice.pl ., .'...' ? the ' People's journal,' No. 07, Tiiizabetli- street, ' in its present formj which will be found to contain as much matter as tlie.' Courier,' ' It is our intention to publish it twice a-WjCek' the moment we can get compositors to accomplish that work. Our present expenses are enormous, .owing to the scarcity of printers, nnd high rate of wages ; but, notwithstand ing our severe losses under a persecution of ten years, we have been enabled to meet these for a time by the generous aid of several sincere friends. ? We should have used much larger paper, if we could have obtained a larger press ; but being now quite independent of any publication, we trust that our . readers will find ' The True Colonist' greatly im proved as a newspaper, both in variety and quantity of information. A large portion of our space wiU be regularly devoted to agricultural subjects; and we pledge ourselves that no provocation will tempt us to pollute pur columns with the personal vitupera tion which has disgraced the Press of the Colony. We solicit the patronage of our advertising friends, for it is on this that the profits of a newspaper en tirely depends. We trust that our readers will for give us for having occupied so much of our space with what appears to relnte to ourselves; but 'men ' of discernment will see that most of this long detail, relates, in reality, to a matter of vital interest to the community, — for it is not the individual, who writes, that avhitriirv nower seeks to crush, it is the hold nnd honest advocacy of truth, justice, and the interests of the community, that is sought to be put down ; so that corruption, oppression, official neglect and inca- . parity, may flourish in undisturbed security. But wp. fpnr that innnv of our readers will look no farther at this detail than tlie wrongs inflicted on the indivi dual ; although we are happy to find that a large pro portion of the community fully appreciate the 'value of the People's Journal, not ns they say for any posi tive good it has accomplished, but for the abuses which the/tcJ/' ot it has prevented. In imitation of the Proprietor of rthe ' Courier,' we have placed our own motto at the head of ,,pur- j Leading Article. The translation is — 'Glory is the reward of virtue;' and it will-be our humble' enclea- ' vour, in the arduous struggle in which we are en jagcd, never to lose sigiu oi tnu iruui wmen u inculcates. . . . . ' 