-.'1ERSONAT. ADVENTURES OF MASTER I UMPH1 REY. Tit OLI) C UnItsITY 51101'.-OIIAPT'E xIV. As it was very easy for Kit to persuade himself that the old house was in his way, his way being anywhere, ho tried to look upon his passing it once more as a matter of imperative and disagreeable ne cessity, quite apart from any desire of his own, to ,which he could not choose but yield. It is not un common for people who are much better fed and taught than Christopher Nubbles had ever been, to make duties of their inclinations in matters of more doubtful propriety, and to take great credit for the self denial with which they gratify themselves. There was no need of any caution this time, and no fear of being detained by having to play out a return match with Daniel Quilp's boy. The place was en tirely deserted, and looked as dusty and dingy as if it had been so for months. A rusty padlock was fasted on the door, ends of discoloured blinds and curtains flapped drearily against the half opened upper windows, and the crooked holes cut it the closed shutters below were black with the darkness .of the inside. Some of the glass in the window he had so often watched had been broken in the rough hurry of the morning, and that room looked more do serted and dull than any. A group of idle urchins had taken possession of the door steps: some were plying the knocker, and listening with delighted dread to the hollow sounds it spread through the dismantled house; others were clustered about the keyhole, watching half in jest and half in earnest for " the ghost," which an hour's gloom, added to the mystery that hung about the late inhabitants, had already raised. Standing all alone in the midst of the business and bustle of the street, the house looked a picture of cold desolation; and Kit, who remembered the cheerful fire that used to burn there on a winter's night, and the no less cheerful laugh that made the small room ring, turned quite mourn fully away. It must be specially observed in justice to poor Kit that he was by no means of a sentimental turn, and perhaps had never heard that adjective in all his life. He was only a soft hearted grateful fellow, and had nothing genteel or polite about him; con sequently, instead of going home again in his grief to kick the children and abuse his mother (for when your finely strung people are out of sorts they must have every body else unhappy likewise), he turned his thoughts to the vulgar expedient of making them more comfortable if he could. Bless us, what a number of gentlemen on horse back there were riding up and down, and how few of them wanted their horses held ! A good city speculator or a parliamentary commissioner could 'lave told to a fraction, from the crowds that were cantering about, what sum of money was realized in -London in the course of a year by holding horses alone. And undoubtedly it would have been a very large one, if only a twentieth part of the gentlemen without grooms had had occasion to alight; but they hadn't; and it is often an ill natured circumstance like this, which spoils the most ingenious estimate in the world. Kit walked about, now with quick steps and now with slow; now lingering as some rider slackened his horse's pace and looked about him ; and now darting at full speed up a bye street as lie caught a glimpse of some distant horseman going lazily up -the shady side of the road, and promising to stop at every door. But on they all went, one after another, and there was not a penny stirring. "I wonder," thought the boy, " if one of these gentle man knew there was nothing in the cupboard at home, whether he'd stop on purpose, and make be lieve that he wanted to call somewhere, that I might earn a trifle ?" He was quite tired out with pacing the streets, to say nothing of repeated disappointments, and was sitting down upon a step to rest, when there ap. .preached towards him a little clattering jingling . four-wheeled chaise, drawn by a little obstinate looking rough coated poney, and driven by a little fat placid faced old gentleman. Beside the little old gentleman sat a little old lady, plump and placid like himself, and the poney was coming along at his own pace and doing exactly as hIe pleased with the whole concern. If the old gentleman remonstrated by shaking the reins, the poney replied by shaking his head. It was plain that the utmost the poney would consent to do, was to go in his own way up any street that the old gentleman particularly wished to traverse, but that it was an understanding between them that he must do this after his own fashion or not at all. As they passed where he sat Kit looked so wist fully at the little turn out that the old gentleman looked at him, and Kit rising and putting his hand to his hat, the old gentleman intimated to the poney that he wished to stop, to witichs proposal she poney (who seldom objected to that part of his duty) gra ciously acceded. "1I beg your pardon, sir,"said Kit. " I'm sorry you stopped, sir. I osly meant, did yost want your -horse minded." " I'm going to get down in the nest street," cv. turned the old gentiensan. " If you like to comne on after us, yen may hsave the job." Kit thanked him, tsnd joyfully obeyed. The poesy ran off at a sharp angle to inspect a lamp post on tlte opposite side of the way, and then went off at a tangent to another lamp post on the othser aide, Having satisfied hsimself that they were of tite same pattern and materials, he came to a stop, ap parently absorbed in meditation. "Wiii you go on, sir," said the old gentleman, gravely. " or are we to wait-itere for you 'till it's too late-forour appointment." The pansy remained immoveable. ' Oh you naughty Whisker," said tlte old lady. " Fie upon youl I enm ashamed of such conduct." The ponoy appeared to be touched by this appeal -to his feelings, for he trotted on directly, though in a sulky manner, and stopped no more until he came -to a door whereon was a brass plate with tlte words " Wislherden-Nosary." litre theo old gentleman got-out and helped out thea old lady, and then took from under the seat a nosegay resembling in shape nod dimensions a fuil sized warming pan witla tite -handle cut short ofl' Thsis, the old lady carried into the htouse withs a stately air, and tlte old gentle. man (who had a club foot) followed clone upon iter. Tisey went, as it was easy to tell from ithe sound of their voices, into the front parlour, wihich seemed to be a kind of office. The day being very warns and the street a quiet one, the windows were wide open, and it was easy to itear through tite Venetian blinds all tlsat passed inside. At first there was a great shaking of hands and sshufling of feet, succeeded by thse presentation of sthe nosegay, for a voice, supposed by the listener to be that of Mr. Witherden she notary, was heard to exclaim a great many times, " oh,, delicious l" " ohs, SIsagrant indeed I" and-a nose, also supposed to be tlte propesty of titat gentleman, was Iseard to in Isale thsescenst with a snuffle of exceeding pleasure. I brought it its hostour of the occasion, sir," said the old lady. Ah! an occasion indeed, ma'am ; an occasion which does honour to'me," rejoined Mr. WVitheaden the notary. " I have had many a gentleman arti cled to me, ma'am, many a one. Some of them are, now rolling in riches unmindful of their old com panion and friend, ma'am; others are in the habit of calling upon me to this day and saying, ' Dtr. With erden, sonio of the pleasantest hours 1 ever spent in my life were spent in this olfice-were spent, sir, upon this very stool;' but there was never one among the number, ma'am, attached as I have been to many of them, of whom I augured such bright things as 1 do of your only son." -Oh dear!" said the old lady. " How happy you do make us when you tell us that, to be sure I" ' I tell you ma'am," said Mr. WVitherden, "'what I think as an honest man, which, as the poet ob serves, is the noblest work of God. I agree with the poet in every particular ma'am. The moun tainous Alps on the one hand, or a humming bird on the other, is nothing, in point of workmanship, to an honest man-or woman-or woman." " Anything that Mr. Witherden can say of me," observed a small quiet voice, " 1 can say with in terest of him, I am sure." " It's a happy circumstance, a truly happy cir cumstance," said the Notary. " to happen too upon his eight-and-twentieth birthday, and I hope I know how to appreciate it. I trust, Mr. Garland my dear sir, that we may mutually congratulate each other upon this auspicious occasion." To this the old gentleman replied that lie felt as sured they might. There appeared to be another shaking of hands in consequence, and when it was over the old gentleman said that, though he said it who should not, he believed that no son had ever been a greater comfort to his parents than Abel Gar land had been to his. " Marrying as his mother and I did, late in life sir, after waiting for a great many years until we were well enough off-coming together when we were no longer yong, and then being blessed with one child who has always been dutiful and affee tionate-why, it's a source of great happiness to us both sir." " Of course it is, I have no doubt of it," returned the notary in a sympathising voice. " It's the con templation of this sort of thing that snakes me de plore my fate in being a bachelor. There was a young lady once sir, the daughter of an outfitting warehouse of the first respectability-but that's a weakness. Chuckster, bring in Mr. Abel's articles." " You see Mr. Witherden," said the old lady, that Abel has not been brought up like the run of young men. Ile has always had a pleasure in our society, and always been with us. Abel has never been absent from us for a day; has he, my dear !" "Never, my dear," returned the old gentleman, " except when he went to Margate one Saturday with Mr. Tomkinley that had been a teacher at that school he went to, and came back upon the Monday; but hie was very ill after that you remember, my dear; it was quite a dissipation." He was not used to it you know," said the old lady, "and he couldn't bear it, that's the truth. Besides he had no comfort in being there without us, and had nobody to talk to or enjoy himself with." " That was it you know," interposed the same small quiet voice that had spoken once before. " I was quite abroad mother, quite desolate, and to think that the sea was between us-oh I never shall forget what I felt when I first thought that the sea was between us!" " Very natural under the circumstances," observed the notary. " Mr. Abel's feelings did credit to his nature, and credit to your nature ma'am, and his father's nature, and human nature. I trace the same current now, flowing through all his quiet and un obtrusive proceedings.-I am about to sign my name, you observe, at the foot of the articles which Mir. Chuckster will witness; and, placing my finger upon this blue wafer with the vandyked corners, I am constrained to remark in a distinct tone of voice -don't be alarmed, ma'am, it is merely a form of law-that I deliver this, as my act and deed. Mr. Abel will place his name against the other wafer, repeating the same cabalistic words, and the busi ness is over. Ha Ita ha! You see how easily these things ate done I" There was a short silence, apparently, while Mr. Abel went through the prescribed form, and then the shaking of hands and shuffling of feet were re newed, and shortly afterwards there was a clinking of wine glasses and a great talkativeness on the part of everybody. In about a quarter of an hour Mr. Chuckster (with a pen behind his ear and his face inflamed with wine) appeared at the door, and con descending to address Kit by the jocose appellation of " Young Snob," informed him that the visitors were coming out. Out they came forthwith; Mr. Witherden, who was shoet, chubby, fresh coloured, brisk, and pom pens, leading the old lady wialh extreme politeness, and the father and son followed them, arm in arm. Mr. Abel, who had a quaint old fashioned air about him, looked nearly of the same sge as Isis father, and bore a wondetful resemblance to him in face and figure, though wanting something of Ihis full, round. cheerfulness, and substituting in its place a timid reserve. In all othser respects, in the neatness of she dress, and even in else club foot, he and the old gen tlemen were precisely alike. Having seen the old lady safely in liar nset, and assisted in else arrangesnent of her cloak and a small basket which formed an indispensable portion of her equipage, Mr. Abel got into a little box behind which had evidently bean made for his express ac commodation, and smiled at every body present by turns, beginning with his mother and endisig with the poney. Thore was then a grest to-do to make the poney hold up his head that the bearing rein might be faatenad ; at last even this wss effected; and thu little old gentleman, taking Isis seat and the rleis, put Isis hand in his pocket to find a sixpeoce for Kit. lie had no isipencee, neither had else old lady, nor Mr. Abel, nor the notary, nor Mdr. Chuekater. Thse old gentleman elhought a shilling too reach, but shore was no shop in Cthe street to get change at, so lie gave it to the boy. " There," lie said jokingly, " I'm coming hera again next Monday at the same time, and mind you're here my lad to work it out." " Thank you sir," said Kit. "' I'll he sure to he here." He was quite serious, but they all laughed heartily at his saying so, especially Mr. Chuck star, who roared outright sod appeared to relish the joke amtazingly. As the poney, with a pre sentiment that lie was going some, or a determi nation that he would not go anywhere else (sahicli was the same thing) trottod away pretty nimbly, K~it had no time to justify himself, and went Isis way also. Having expended lila treasure in such purchates an he knew would bo most acceptable at home, not fergetting some seed for thne wonderful bird, he Itastened back an fast as lie could, so elated witla hin succean ond great good fortune, that Ito more titan half expected Nell and the old man avould have arrived before him. (Ta be coustiuant.) 