A DUEL IX THE TIME OF HENRY THE THIRD. A SKETCH FROM THE FRENCH HISTORY. For some time past King Henry the Third had neglected his puppies, his monkeys, and paroquets. He was no longer seen to hurry through the streets of Paris, and running from convent to convent to deprive the nuns of their lap- dogs, poodles, and other pets whose beauty or tricks had attracted his notice. The true friends of the house of Valois, in tlxeir gratification at witnessing such an alter ation in his habits, were loud in their ex ultation, and declared that the king was ashamed of his former follies, and would yet restore to the throne of France its old majesty, and reinstate it in the integrity of its power. The partisans of Guise, on the contrary, were dispirited and anxious, as they were apprehensive that Henry would recall to mind the promise of his youth, and his glorious victories at Jarnac and Moncontour. They were both how ever quickly undeceived ; his friends in their hopes, and his enemies in their fore bodings ; as the festivities and masque rades of the carnival had only temporarily suppressed the monarch's regard for his old friends, the dogs, monkeys, and paro quets ; and to this absurdity were super added other attachments, both pernicious to the state and discreditable to the king. During the tumultuous and extrava gant revelry of the last days of the carni val, and that unrestrained license with which the penances, fasting, and mortifi cation of lent are ushered in, the king had occupied his time in running at the ring, sallying out at night to assault and mal treat the citizens of his good city of Paris, and committing all manner of disorders in its streets and alleys, in company with his four minions, the Seigneurs Livarot, Cay- lus, Maugiron, and Saint Megrin, distin guished as nymphs and satyrs. The king look no pleasure in any soci ety but that of these gentlemen, who boasted everywhere of their extraordinary influence over their master, in order to gratify their ambition, as well as to create a party in their favor. No place could be obtained but by their interest, and those who had occasion to solicit anything at Court, paid homage to them ; they were constantly surrounded by a gang of intri guers, who buzzed about them like a swarm of wasps ready to assault a hive, to plunder it of its sweets. The ladies, too, received them everywhere with smiles and caresses; for they were the king's favourites, and all benefices and courtly distinctions depended upon their good will. Their arrogance and iuxury exceed ed all that had yet been seen even at the court of Catherine de Medicis. Discon tent and murmurs were daily excited by their insolence and audacity, while the ranks of the Guises were swelled by the malcontents. An affair of gallantry, in which Mar guerite, the queen of Navarre, had figur ed, embroiled Caylus with a spark named D'Eutraguet, one of the boldest of the youthful adherents of Lorraine. King Henry had exerted all his influence to prevent the feud from breaking into open violence, and he frequently repeated to his courtiers, "If I do not get rid of my sister, I shall have a civil war even in my closet." Notwithstanding the earnest instances of Queen Marguerite's brother, the two amorous rivols hated each other with the utmost cordialiality, and no opportunity was omitted of a mutual interchange of injury and mischief. It happened on the twenty-seventh of April, 1578, that D'Entraguet was on duty at the Louvre, and amusing himself in the palace court at the noble game of primero, in which he had an opportunity of profitably applying the lessons he had learned therein from Madame de Mont- pensier, at the Hotel de Guise. At each deal of the cards, he swept the board of the stakes, and quickly emptied the purses of the rival players. " By St. Marguerite ! ' exclaimed Caylus, throwing a handful of gold crowns on the table, " it shall never be said that the Guises win gentlemen's money, to pay their rebel shopkeepers with," and he challenged D'Entraguet to another game. " By St. Marguerite ! rejoined the lucky D'Entraguet with a sneer; " you have recourse, my dear fellow, to an un- propitious patroness. Surely you forgot that you have never yet gotten anything from that quarter." This observation, and ironical tone with which it was uttered, made all the by standers laugh. Caylus's cheek became deadly pale, but as he had been ridicul ously jilted in his intrigue with Margue rite, be was reluctant to make use of this pretext to quarrel with his successful rival. He therefore suppressed his re sentment, and sat down at the table with as indifferent an air as he could asssume. The contest, however did not continue long, and in two throws Caylus lost all the guoney he had in his purse. " Coufusion !" exclaimed Caylus, fling ing his glove in D'Entraguet 's face, " there is roguery or witchcraft here." The other respouded to this with an awful malediction, and instantly precipi tated himself upon bis enemy poinard in hand. In an instant the table, benches, stools, and money were upset, while the two opponents, whom their friends had seized and held fast, made vain attempts to get at each other " Bastard of St. Barrabas,"foamed out Caylns, " I proclaim you lor a heretic, a scoundrel, aud a traitor !" " You are a wretch, and unworthy of the name of man!" was D'Entraguet's reply. " I shall expect you at the Tournelles, in two hours," shouted Caylus, " with sword and dagger, to fight to extremity, without mercy, and while the heart beats, and the hand can hold the weapon." ' Yes, crawling reptile, I will wait you there until death, and I promise you before the sun sets I will have your body thrown to the crows of the slaughter-houses.' Caylus was on the point of replying to this injury, when Henry the third appeared on the balcony, over which he idly leaned, accompanied by Livarot and De Maugi ron. Not to alarm his master, Caylus resumed his calmness, and left the spot to look for his seconds. ' Who are these groups," demanded Henry ; " have the Leaguers taken arms, and do they come to besiege my palace of the Louvre ?" " Sire," said St. Megrin, "they are the impertinent Guises, who have dared to come here and insult your friends." " My cousins of Guise are always troub ling me," exclaimed the king, despairingly. "They harass me night and day ! Who will free me from this accursed kindred ?" " That will I, my liege," answered the young St. Megrin, promptly. "You, my dear child — they would kill you. These devilish Leaguers will drive me mad !" The king covered his face with both hands, and, stamping furiously on the ground, entered his oratory to pray God to deliver him from his enemies. On his side D'Entraguet hastened to the Hotel de Guise to take advice, and to find friends to act as his seconds. He made the duke acquainted with his wishes res pecting the disposition of his estates and family. Having made his preparations for the combat, he presented himself to the duke to bid him farewell, when the latter stopped him, saying : "You surely cannot intend to go to the field in this manner— why, you would be massacred like a child, for what resistance could you possibly make with such a slight weapon as that by your side ? It is but a mere parade-sword, only fit to hunt the heretic dogs. D'Entraguet, I lend you this good and trusty rapier ; its blade is strong and well- tempered ; and, remember, young man, it is the weapon I used under the walls of Chauteau Thierry.'1 Henri of Guise unbuckled his sword from his belt, and handed it to his friend, who received it respectfully, and kissing the hilt, which was worked into the shape of the cross, he left the hotel, attended by Schomberg and De Riberac. The duke hastened after tliem, and stationed himself at a window in a house which overlooked the place of combat. The clock of St. Paul struck four, when Schomberg D'Entraguet, and De Riberac made their appearance on the Tournelles. Three minutes afterwards Caylus, Mau- guiron, and Livarot arrived in a royal carriage. Having taken their position, the two combatants bowed to each other, while the others formed a ring around them. " I only invoke my lady and my king,' said Caylus, putting himself on his guard ; then gracefully lifting his left hand to his lips, he blew a kiss to a lady, who stood at a window of the Hotel Boisy, covered, from head to foot, with a white veil. " I," said D'Entraguet, " call upon heaven, and my true heart." " If I recoil one inch, or overstep this limit," observed Caylus, fixing his scabbard in the .sand, "may I be ever hereafter looked upon as a poltroon." D'Entraguet did the same, and their swords crossed. The contest was fearful and protracted ; strength and agility had alternately the advantage. Caylus was tbe more practised and skilful, but the other was the robuster ; and thrusts and ripostes, lunges and cuts were parried as quickly as they were de livered. Sparks of fire followed the clash ing of their swords, and the two antagonists Icept their word faithfully, for neither receded an inch, covering themselves adroitly with the guard of the sword and the poniard's hilt. The Leaguer, who perceived that his adversary sustained the combat less vigo rously than at first, pressed him with in creased fury and vivacity. Caylus had already received several wounds, when Mau giron, seeing his friend covered with blood, endeavoured to part the combatants. "Fall back," screamed Caylus, "fall back — we have promised to fight to ex tremity, without pity or mercy." Saying this, he made a desperate lunge, and graz ing D' Entraguet's arm, could not recover his guard in time enough to parry the latter's thrust, which he received in the breast, the point passing clean through his body. " Heaven is with us," cried M. de Guise, impatiently drawing aside the curtain be hind which he had viewed the fight ; " yes, gentlemen, heaven has preserved one of the bravest champions of its catholic army." Tbe duke then reverentially crossed him self, and those who stood around followed his example. The vieled lady who had been observed at the Hotel Boisy, shrieked and fell as Caylus rolled in the dust, and was not seen again. The hapless minion was almost expiring, when he was raised, and carried into the hotel. The only injury suffered by D'Eutraguet was a slight scratch in the arm. The quarrel was supposed to be settled, and the surviving parties prepared to leave the ground, when De Maugiron stepped forward, and almost breathless with rage, said, " No, no, gentlemen, we cannot allow this pretty business to go off so. Before we bid you good morning, I must measure swords with De Riberac.' ' I am not the man to balk yon," ans wered the latter, putting his. hand on tbe hilt of his sword " As for this little Schomberg," ob served Livarot, "I had intended to let him off, after I hau pulled his ears; but now, blood calls for blood." In au instant, the four gentlemen's wea pons Hashed in the air. No entreaty, ho remonstrance, availed to prevent the fight. The minions and their adversaries flung themselves upon each other furiously ; and, at the very first onset, Maugiron and Schomberg were killed on the spot. Livarot received a cut on the head, which opened his skull, and Riberac, pierced through and through, gave up the ghost when the sword was drawn out of the wound. The fight ceased only from lack of com batants; and the factions, their passions somewhat moderated by this dreadful slaughter, carried off their killed and wounded; and tears of sorrow succeeded their shouts of maddened rage. The last thrust had been scarcely made when the anxious monarch, advertised too late of what was going on, hurried to the scene of death. He had so repeatedly in quired for his minions, that bis attendants were under the necessity of communicating to bint what had transpired in the court of the Louvre. As his carriage turned the corner of the Boulevard, he was stopped b7 those who bore De Magtiiron'3 corpse. The prince put his head out of the window, and, recognising his friend's body, flung himself out of the carriage, and rushed like a madman to the litter, upsetting all who were in his way. Perceiving tbe blood-, stained dress, and pale features of Maugiron he burst into such a fit of tears, and uttered such cries, that the bystanders weie con fused and ashamed ; and, keeping a mourn ful silence, they entered the Hotel Boisy together. The king rushed headlong to the room where Caylus was lying; who, on seeing the king, said, Sc You, at least will not abandon me." The monarch would have clasped him to his heart, but the surgeon interfered. ' Take care, sire ; have a care said Master Ambrose Pare ; " nineteen wounds are not so easy to close up.'' " Nineteen wounds !" murmured Henry, with a deep sigh, and almost fainting. Master Pare exerted all his skill, and used the cabalistic terms of his surgical vo cabulary to prove to his king that the wounds were not essentially or necessarily mortal. "'Ah! repeat again those blessed words of comfort, Master. Ambrose; "save my friend — save him, doctor — and I will give you a hundred thousand livres. And for you, my dear Caylus, when you recover, I have a" hundred thousand crowns ready.'' These Words the king constantly repeated, as well as sighs would allow him. The minion lay in this state three-and thirty days; during which time the king scarcely quitted his pillow. He ad ministered his drink with his own hand, assisted at the dressing of his wounds, and, to amuse him, sang songs composed by Ronsard and Desportes. At last, the fatal day came, and Caylus expired in the king's arms ; his last words were, " Oh, my king, my kind king !' When they brought him the sacrament, and exhorted liim to repent and confess his sins, he screamed, in blended accents of grief and rage, " I am not yet in bell, demons ! why do you torment me ? What is the use of all this ? Your God abandoned me to my self during my life, and I do the same to him now.'' With this awful imprecation, Caylus died in terrible convulsions. For the honour of the last Yalois, we will not recount the extravagances he committed. He wept, groaned, upbraided heaven and earth ; and, when he had fairly exhausted his tears and lamentations, had the coffin, in which De Maugiron's body was em balmed, placed alongside Caylus's bed, and went alternately, from bed to bier embracing the bodies of his friends, and regretting their untimely fate. A few days before the combat, he had placed two ear-rings, of in estimable value, in Caylus's ears ; these he now removed, and hung thena to his chap- let of beads. All tbe court received orders to attend the funeral of the minions in deep mourning, at the church of St. Paul, and over them was erected a superb mausoleum, which the Leaguers destroyed, during the troubles, in 1588\. The day after the duel, the princes of Guise," and their" friends, interred De Riberac and Schomberg in the church of St. Gervais; and over their tomb swore to avenge their death. vaammansnm Artificial Slates. — The following process has been adopted for the purpose of making pasteboard slates, so as to ob tain all the advantages of slate for writing or drawing, without the disadvantages of its fragility and weight. To one part of the puip of common while paper is added an equal quantity of argillaceous earth. The substances must be kneaded together wiih linseed oil, and then pressed thin and shaped to tbe required sizes. These leaves of mixed clay and paper are well dried, polished, and then covered with oil on both sides. The artificial slates thus prepared are not acted on by water, and scarcely by fire. They are besides, very light, convenient, and very cheap. Casus Belli. — Two British jack-tars were lately discussing the probabilities of the war with France, when one of them observed to his brother-sailor — " But Jack, I heard the Capt'n say as how we shuldn't go to war, 'cause there wasn't a casus belli — now what the splinters is that ?" "What?" quoth Jack, scratching his head, as though he could tickle the ex planation from his brains to his finger's ends ; " What ? Tom ; why a case of the belly, to be sure." " O 'tis, is it?" re sponded Jack ; then, hitching up his un mentionables, and flinging put his leg in the favourite jack-tar style, he exclaimed, " Then d — n me, if we don't give 'em a oelly-full !" American Industry.— Oliver Amen, of West Bridgwater, Massachusets, com menced in life by making a dozen shovels which lie took to market in a waggon. He now owns extensive factories, em ploys ninety workmen, and has four teams to carry his shovels to market. " Supporting the Press.'' — Having dinners throughout the country; putting the proprietors of all the papers within thirty miles distance, to the expense of sending reporters to make speeches out of the ma terials presented on the occasion ; giving as the last toast on the list, " The Press, the guardian of our national liberties,' having just before taken care to make the reporter pay even for his admission ticket. Prudence of a Debauchee. — Charles II. never permitted the revels of the night to be referred to on the following morn ing. By this means he in some degree prevented the over-familiarity of his less eligible associates, and put a stop to ex pectations that he might have held out in the hilarity of the moment, and the over- fulness of his heart. Among his boon companions, also, he seems to have been more on his guard than might have been expected. To one who importuned him for a favor in one of his jovial moments, t( you had better," he said, " ask the King to-morrow." Violent Deaths. — In the second An nual Report of the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, just pub lished, the following cases are registered under the head of " Violent Deaths" in England and Wales for the year 1838. — Suicides, 1058 (of whom 751 were males, and 307 females) ; murdered, 76 ; overlaid by mothers, 17; killed by lightning, 24; taking laudanum (not suieides), 18; drink ing gin, 2 ; taking Godfrey's Cordial, 3 ; taking hartshorn inadvertently, 1 ; applica tion of calomel to cure tbe itch, 1 ; from an overdose of tartar emetic, 1 ; charcoal burnt in the bed-room, 2; drinking hot water from the spout of a tea-kettle, 25; from the bite of a dog (not hydrophobia), 1 ; from the bite of a viper, 1 ; sea-sick ness, I. 