Select oftrg. THE LOST PLEIAD. by let1tia e. iandon. Th.en. .carm the wanderings long and lonely,: As ii ,'tlie. world held them, them only ; I , . The gather.'d flower, winch is to. bear Some gen tie secret whispered there; .Tiie seat beneath the forest tree; ' Tne breatPiess silence, wmcu to xove , Is all that eloquence can be ; The looks ten thousand words above ; The fond deep gaze, till the fix'd eye Casts on each a mingled dye ; The interest round each little word, Though scarcely said, and scarcely heard. Little love asks of language aid, For never yet hatli vow been made In that young hour when love is new ; lie feels at first so deep, so true, A promise is a useless token, When neither dream it can be broken. Alas ! vows are his after sign !— . We prop the tree in its decline — The ghosts that haunt a parting hour, With all of grief, and nought of power ; A chain half sunder'd in the making,— The plighted vow's already breaking. From such dreams all too soon we wake; For. like the moonlight on the lake, - One passing cloud, one waving bough— The silver light, what is it now ? —Said I not, that young prince was one ' Who wearied when the goal was won ; " To whom the charm of change was all That bound his heart in woman's thrall ? + —At first 't was like a frightful dream : " Why should such terror even seem ?' Again— again — it cannot be ! Woe for such wasting misery! — : This watching love's o'erclouding sky, Though still believing it mast clear; This closing of the trusting eye ; The hope that darkens into fear; The lingering change of doubt and dread ; All in the one dear presence fled. Till days of anguish past alone, Till careless look, and alter'd tone, Relieve us from the rack, to know Our last of fate, our worst of woe. . m -—They parted as all lovers part, — She with her wrong'd and breaking heart ; s But he, rejoicing lie is free, Bounds like the captive from his chain, ; And wilfull' believing she Hatb found her liberty again : O r if dark thoughts will cross his mind, They are but clouds before the wind. —Thou false one, go ! — but deep and dread Be minstrel curse upon thy head ! — Go, be the first in battle line, Where banners sweep, and falchions shine; Go thou to lighted festival, Be there the peerless one of all ; Let bright cheeks wear yet brighter rays If they can catch Prince Cyris' gaze ; Be thine in all that honour'd name, Men hold to emulate is fame ; Yet not the less my curse shall rest, A serpent coiling in thy breast. Weariness, like a weed shall spring Wherever is thy wandering. Thy heart a lonely shrine shall be, Guarded by no divinity. Thou shalt be lonely, and shalt know It is thyself has made thee so. " " Thou hast been faithless, and shalt dread Deceit in aught of fondness said. Go, with the doom tliou'st made thine own ! Go, false one! to thy grave — alone. — 