ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. In '.Uic House of Commons, on tli'e 23d March, Lord Million moved a reso lution to the effect, that in the opinion of the house the large increase in the number of convicts permanently confined 111 lllA ilttll/c iti rirnnt Tiriloni nTlli/«n Ill »v.UW A-M.Vtl.U, "HIIUUpll sentenced to transportation, is highly inexpedient. In the speech, of nearly 1 wb:. hours' duration, with which the nolJlc'- lord prefaced his motion, he en deavoured to show that the Government , in determining that convicts sentenced to transportation for seven years should he'eonfined in the hulks, had violated the spirit of the law, even though the letter of the law might not have been infringed. It was found that the hulks did not inspire the same salutary terror as a sentence of transportation. It had also been found impossible, owing to the nature of their construction, to introduce into the hulks any of those Improvements in prison discipline to which of late years public attention had been directed. The most important objections, however, to the hulks was, that convLts con tinued there experienced, on their dis charge, all but insuperable difficulties, if they attempted to obtain honest em ployment. The example of- France presented a faithful picture of what England would come to, if the system of the hulk's. was persevered in. The noble lord also argued that the system of transportation had been too hastily con demned. He admitted the existence of abuses, but many o( those might have been remedied ; and in spite of the abuses of the system, it has been attended by no inconsiderable benefits, and has reformed a far greater number of offen ders than would have been reformed had they remained in England. His lord ship dwelt likewise on the well-known dissatisfaction' created in New South Wales by the cessation of a supply of con vict labour.. He came to the conclusion, that a new colony might he formed on the north-western const of New Holland, "tytube cue evils of the assignment sysjtpm of New South Wales might be fiyoidcd. . .. Lord John Russell justified the course which lie had felt it his duty .to take by the result of the inquiries instituted by the transportation committee. It was not sufficient to show the evils insepar able front the system of the hulks; it was necessary to suggest an improved plan before the noble lord called on the House to abandon the system at present acted oil. Now the difference between him self and the noble lord (Lord Mahon) was only one of degree, for the noble lord recognised the evils of the assign ment system, which might to be said to Lave constituted the principle of the penal colony of New South Wales. Lord John Russell said he did not agree with the Archbishop of Dublin and sonic others, that transportation should be altogether abolished. Many convicts were still sent to Australia, but on a system not subject to the capricious re gulations to which transportation was formerly subjected. He wasof opinion, however, that it would he expedient to letain the practice of employing in the dockyards prisoners sentenced for a brief number of years. At the same time, he did npt think that such a punishment ought to be inflicted by the Secretary of Stale, but ought to be regulated by an act of Parliament. This opinion he Lad developed on a former evening, and lie had already introduced a measure to carry out his views. Ilis lordship con- eluded by moving the previousqucstion. Mr. Pakington condemned the un certainty of the law at present adminis tered. A judge who sentenced a man to transportation cnnld u..u»v,as long present practice continued, what tjie effect of the sentence would really l'c to the prisoner. With some modifi cations, transportation might be made a most valuable secondary punishment, and it ought, therefore, by all means to lie retained. Mr. Hume thought that the change in the system of transportation had been too suddenly adopted. He agreed with the noble lord, that the convicts, on their discharge from the hulks, must return to their former vicious courses. He did not approve of the power of com mutation vested in the Home Secretary by t lie existing system, but while the decisions of the courts of law continued so uncertain and partial, the power vested in the Home-office was a necessary protection for the subject. Mr. Hume passed some flattering compliments on Lord Mnliou /In- Ms nl>lc im e.iti'gution of this question, and on Lovd John Russell for the enlightened attention he hud given to the general subject of criminal jurisprudence. Mr, Law vindicated the tribunals of the country against the prejudices which might arise from the remarks just made on the uncertainty and partiality of their decisions. The judges, when they pronounced sentence on criminals, were bound to take the previous history of every prisoner's life into consideration, and hence there arose an apparent in equality of punishment. Mr. Law gave it as his opinion, that transportation was the only effectual system of secondary punishment that could he adopted. He thought the hulks objectionable, and \- should, therefore, give the motion his support. 1 ' 'Mr. Fox Muulc referred to the report Ofllie transportation comhiittce, and to the effect produced by it on the public lniiid. It became in consequence im possible to persist in sending out the same number of convicts to New South Wales, and though lie did not' altogether approve of the hulks, yet until some better secondary punishment was sug gested he was not aware of any other to which , they could have recourse. lie quite agreed with the opinion put, for ward, that the discretion now vested in the hands of a minister of regulating the amount of punishment, was an im proper one. lie hoped the noble lord who had brought this subject before the House in so able a manner would be satisfied with the publicity obtained by the debate', and would not press the House to pronounce an opinion on the resolution. Mr. Fox Maule gave it to be understood, that Lord John Russell was at present engaged in maturing a measure for the introduction of a more effectual system of secondary punish ment. Mr. Estcourt pronounced himself averse to the hulks as a punishment. Lord Ilowick was as averse as any man to the system of the hulks, yet he hoped the House would not adopt the resolution now before them, the adoption of which must have the effect of leading to the re-establishment of the former plan of transportation to the Australasian colonies. A return to such a nlan would be fraught with the most serious evils. His lordship made a comprehensive state ment of the changes rendered necessary by the report of the transportation com mittee. He admitted that their informa tion on the subject of secondary punish ment wns very defective, but he hoped that nothing would be done likely to lead to a revival of the system of trans portation to the Australian colonics. . Lord Mahon snid he had beard nothing to induce him to withdraw his motion. On a division the resolution was affir med by a majority of 40 against 28. — Morning Chronicle , March 24. Monday, March 15. The House having resolved itself into a committee, Loan J. Russf.t.i. rose to move that her Majesty be authorised to guarantee a loan of £210,000 to be contracted by the commissioners of South Australia. Mis T.ni-flulwp bog-ni, by C.-v|jlutllillg' l tic system on which South Australia had been colonised ; and in so doing, enter ed upon a comprehensive statement of the history of that settlement, and of the circumstances that had led to its financial embarrassments, which, in his opinion, were naturally derived from the Acts of Parliament by which the colony was established. Hi's Lordship consi dered the principle of selling the public lands, and applying the proceeds to the conveyance of emigrants, to be an excel lent principle; but the second great principle on which the colony wns found ed, namely, that which prescribed that the whole expenses be defrayed by the colony itself, was, in his opinion, a more doubtful one, and one which could hardly fail to involve the colony in debt, as had been the case in l lie present instance. The system on which the colony had hitherto been governed ought, in his opinion, to he changed ; either South Australia should be entirely self-governed, or it should he governed as the other colonies of England were ; but the present nnomalous and mixed condition ought to be put an end to If, added his Lordship, the committee thought it proper that the colony should govern itself, and that the persons there should have a representative constitu tion, though lie confessed that that was not his opinion, he should feel no insu perable objection to it. He should feel that it would, in time, though perhaps not until after a considerable period had elapsed, struggle through its difficulties, and obtain considerable prosperity. Let this course be taken, or let that which he had .proposed be adopted, but let. tliern not any longer continue this third couroo, wlunh had been most embarrass ing to the Secretary of Slate, wliicli had led tlie government and the com missioners into a series of measures which lie thought highly unadvisable, and which were entirely at variance with those principles upon which the colonial government was usually conducted. He trusted that the committee, and that the parliament, would think it right, that they should extricate the colony from its present difficulties. Loud Stanley complained that the government had not earlier come down with a definite statement of their views. The noble lord, he said, had staled his views, .and in most of those views, as far as they had been slated, he perfectly concurred. His lordship explained the grounds 011 which he himself, when Colonial Secretary, had withheld his consent from the establishment of the colony, uiid he was very much ampiiscd to learn from the papers now on the table, that on the very day after lie left office, his successor was pressed to give his assent to the plan, on the ground that he (Lord Stanley) had given his concurrence to the principle of it. The colony had originated in delusion, and had gone on m delusion till the bubble hurst. His lordship agreed to the. prin ciple of selling the public lands, and ap plying the proceeds to emigration ; but the lands ought to have been sold at a minimum, not at a uniform price, and the expense of surveying the lands ought to be charged to the emigration fund, which ought to be formed not of the gross but of the net proceeds of the sale. It was necessary for parliament to inter fere lor the protection of the 1.5,000 persons who had been tempted to em bark their fortunes, in that colony, bift he did not think it right that the govern ment should call on the house Cor so large a loan, without having previously laid before the house a bill to explain distinctly the system and principles 011 which the colony was in future to be administered. lie was very unwilling to occasion any unnecessary delay, but he hoped the noble lord svould allow the chairman to report progress, would con sent to postpone the present motion for a week or a month, and in the mean time 'would place on the table of the house, in the fullest detail, the measures which it was his intention to propose. Some conversation then followed across the table between LortJ J. Rus sell, Sir .11. Peel, ancl, Jhe Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the urgent neces sity of raising the money to pny the hills, now overdue. Lord liqwick thought that .there should be 110 delay in paying off these bills, which if they were returned protest ed to the colony would lead to an addi tional cliarge of 20 per cent. , Mr. Hutt defended the South Aus tralian Commissioners against the at tack made by Lord Stanley, who, lie said, lmd either not. read the act on which Jthc colony had been established, or did not understand it. The lion, member added, that up to the present moment this colony had not, cost six pence to the mother country,, yet. after an existence of four vears it oonlninorl n population of 15,000 inhabitants, and a inrger amount of capital and fixed slock than the old colony of New South \Vales. The difficulties of the colony,, lie con sidered, had arisen from the acts Of the colonial office, and, tinder these circum stances, he hoped the house would not refuse to relieve the colony by sanction ing this loan. Mr. Mackiunon, as one of the origi nal commissioners, said, that at 'the time the administration was taken out of their hands nothing could be more pros perous than the condition of South Australia, the commissioners having a balance of £70,000 irt their hands; but when the new salaried commission was formed the confidence of the public was shaken, and the sales of land ceased ; and hence arose the present bankruptcy Sir R. Peel urged anew the proposal of T.nnl Sliinloy, and askpd wlmtoccu rit.y they had J,iiat the loan now asked for would not be followed by fresh de mands. The expenscstpf the colony, it nppearedj were £140', 000 a year, "and 1 lie revenue only £20,000. Theexpenses would probably be immediately reduced ; but what guarantee had lliey that they would be so lar reduced as to secure them against the necessity of a future loan ? He would propose the postponement of the present motion for a short period, and that government should to-morrow, or on as early a day as possible, lay a statement on the table of the sums that would be necessary, and that then the government should ask, in a committee of supply, for a vote of credit for the amount required. Lord J. Russell admitted that the proposal of the right lion, gentleman met the exigencies of the case, and he had , therefore, no objection to accede toil. Lord Stanley observed that Lord J. Russell had had the wliqle, intervening time, from August to January, for pre paring his measures, but had not chosen to undertake the responsibility incident to his station. Mr. Baring denied that there had been any disposition to shrink from re sponsibility. Mr. Grote disagreed from those who had pronounced this colony to he a failure. He thought that with respect to this money even a small delay would be a great evil ; it would introduce the precise danger apprehended on theolhcr side — the danger of a supplemental de mand. A ship was going out this very week to the colony, and the worst effect would follow if she should carry thither the news that Parliament had refused this assistance. . f Lord Elliot concurred in the general dcsire th.it the grant should be imme diate,, and vindicated the self support- iiig system of colonization. Mr. Divelt slated some particulars of the colony's prosperity and the resolu tion was withdrawn till Friday. Friday, March 19l/i. The house having resolved itself into a committee, The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved for a vote of cVcdit of £155,000 for the relief of South Australia, which was agreed to. — Stirling Observer, March 25. Fashions for April. — (From La Belle Assembled. ) Morning D.'ess : . Foulard robe of one of the new spring patterns ; a high corsage, light to the shape, and trimmed down the centre with butterfly knots of ribbon; long tight sleeve'.' Col- lercttc with the same. We call the attention of our readers to the forms of both, ; as they are perfectly new. Drawn bonnet, of maize coloured gros de France ; a small, round, and moderately open brim ; the exterior trimmed with ,q wreath of Easter daisies mingled with wild flowers. — Morning Visiting Dress : Robe of slate-coloured popeline d'ete ; the corsage is half high, and crosses in folds ; the sleeves are demi-large. Lace col- lerette and cuffs. Rose-coloured satin capote lined with white satin, a small moderately sized shape, the brim and crown in one ; a ruche placed in zig-zag, and rose-coloured ribbons ornament the exterior ; . the interior is decorated with small sprigs p.f,. ponceau, flowers. — Cos tume forjLqiigsJiamps : Robe of one of the new shot silks ; half-high corsage, displaying- a cambric, chemisette, bor dered .".\yitjh Valenciennes ; the .pelerine is trimmed with a ruche, which descends cn lab Her down the fionts of the skirt, rounding off and encircling the bottom ; a flounce is let in, but in front only, as high as the knee, and headed by a ruche. Rose coloured crape chapeau, n round brim completely encircling the face, and meeting under the chin , the interior is trimmed on each side with a rose and a 'gcrbe of foliage ; the exterior with rose ribbons and a bouquet of ma rabout. — Dinner Dress : Mpire robe ; it is blue shot with white; a low corsage opening n camr on a square corsage, the latte trimmed with a row of point lace, laid on plain; the former finished at tlie edge with folds, and a row of point lace, disposed cn pelerine. Short tight sleeyc'with manclictle and ruffle to correspond with the corsage ; the ruffle surmounted by a bonillonnc. The head dress is ti-chapcau d la belle poide, composed of black velvet ; the brim is round and short on one side, it descends on the other on the throat, with the cor ner lightly turned lip, and is cleft at the upper part. The interior is trimmed with sprigs of gold flowers, and the ex terior with black ribbon striped with gold, and 'a bouquet of long curled white ostrich feathers, shaded with blue. Evening Dress : Groseilln satin robe ; tlie corsage very low, and quite square nt top, is trimmed with a row Of cogues, to the lower mitre of which is nttnrdipd a fall of point luce. Short tight sleeve, terminated 'with a point lace ruffle ; it is surmounted by a row of coqnes, which we should observe are composed of satin ribbon corresponding with the dress. Similar ornaments, but of a larger size, form a tablier on tlie skirt. Demi- coiffure composed of white crape em broidered in gold, and ornamented with gold tassels. Half-length Figures. Ball Dress : Tulle robe over white satin ; the cartage cut extremely low, and draped all- round in full folds. Short sleeve formed of bias tucks by groscillc marguerites with green hearts. The skirt is trimmed with three bias tucks ; they are each looped in compartments with flowers to correspond. Head- dress of hair, djsposed in large soft curls at the sides, iind a twisted knot at the back of the head. A cordon of damask roses encircles the knot, and terminates in sprigs on the curls at the sides. Captain, Douglas'. — At the levee, 011 Thursday ,-lnst. Captain Douglas, late commander ofthe Cambridge, merchant ship, was» presented, to the Queen by Viscoqnt Pahncrston, when her Majesty was graciously pleased to confer on him the honour of knighthood. The case of Captain Douglas is one. which this great maritime nation may well be proud of. He arrived at Singapore the peaceful master of a merchant ship, but hearing there the condition in which Captain Elliott and other British sub jects in China were then placed by the oppressive conduct of the Chinese au thorities at Canton, he immediately got rid of his cargo, purchased some 32 pounders, doubled his crew, laid in a good store of amunition, and gallantly set sail for Canton river ; and all this lie did on his own personal responsibility. In his short passage from Singapore, not a moment was lost in working this willing crew at the guns. lie entered tiie Canton river, cleared for action, and gnllantly took his station inside the very valuable fleet of British merchant ships there lying at anchor. There happened to be 110 vessel of war in tiic Canton river at that moment, but Captain Douglas was. alone sufficient to afford protection. He repelled all assaults, but he was unfortunately severely wounded in the attack upon the Chinese junks at Ivow- Lune, on the 15th Sept., 1839\. Well, when British vessels of war did arrive, it necessarily followed that the -gallant mission of Captain Douglas was at an end ; but we have not done with this Captain Douglas. On the arrival of the British vessels of war, lie fell back into the merchant seaman, .and proposals were-, actually made to .him by some American Cap tains for tlie purchase of his 32 poun ders. '\No," said Captain Douglass " you want these guns to sell them to the Chinese ; but I'd rather chuck them overboard' than sell you one of them." We need scarcely add that Captain Douglas has already been reimbursed for the expenses lie incurred in the pub lic service, and wc sincerely trust that there is truth in the report that both he and his gallant crew have, moreover, received a handsome gratuity from her Majesty's government. — Observer. The public are alreadv in nossession of the facts that Captain Douglas, of the Cambridge, has been reimbursed bis expenses for his gallant conduct in the Canton river, and that he received on Thursday week the order of knighthood. In addition to the honour thus conferred, lie and the crew of the Cambrylgo Imvo received remunerations' 6'n the 'following scale To Captain Douglas himself has been awarded £2,000 ; to the first officer, £100 ; to the second, £60; to the third and fourth, each, £50; to the surgeon and purser, each, £80 ; to the warrant officers, £40 each for those engaged in the action of Kow-lune, and £30 each for those not engaged ; to the petty officers, £15 for those engaged, and £10 for those, not engaged ; to sea men in action, £8 ; to those no', in action, £4; whilst two seamen who have been severely wounded are allowed £20 each.' It is an interesting feature in "this affair, that it is the first instance of an officer of a private merchant ship receiving the order of knighthood for his services, although officers in tho .East India Company's service have been known' to receive that distinction. This acknowledgement of valuable ser vices is regarded witlv much satisfaction. Th(> True, Scotsman, newspaper, one of the organs of the chartists, gave up the ghost on Saturday last. In an nouncing its approaching end, the editor stated as ,a known fact, that 110 chartist newsnaner published in Scotland u>n« paying i tsclf.— G lasgow A rgus, April 2. We are assured that the report which appears in some of the Irish tory jour nals — that Lord Ebrington is to be re called from Ireland, to take the place of Lord Normanby, as secretary of state for the home department, who is, it is al so said, to proceed to India as governor- general, in the place of Lord Auckland — is in all parts a mere fabrication. — Weekly Chronicle, April 4. A short, sharp, but most decisive debate took place iti the House of Com mons on ' Wednesday, upon the second reading' of the bill for the admission of the Jews to Municipal Offices, which was opposed by Mr. Gladstone and Sir Robert Inglis, defended by Mr. Mac Onnlsiv— and parriwl 1w n mninrit.v of 108 to 31. — Weeklu Chronicle. April 4. Persecution Among Dissenters. — The college committee of the Presby terian general assembly have entered into a formal protest against the appoint ment of the Rev. Dr. Montgomery and the Rev, John Scott Porter, as profes sors of the royal Belfast, institution, for teaching a. system insulting to God, and subversive to Christianity — viz., Arian- ism. Dr. Montgomery and Mr. Porter are distinguished clergymen of the re monstrant synod of Ulster, and were universally respected for their virtues and attainments. The Calvinistic pres- byterians of the Synod of Ulster, how ever, are seeking to expel them from the Belfast institution, which receives a par- liamentary grant. — Dublin paper. Accident on the River. — A party of emigrants, intending to proceed to Syd ney in the barque Helm, and who were leaving St. George's pier, 011 Tuesday evening, in a boat, were swamped under the following circumstances, which have been detailed by Mr. James M'Kce, engineer on board tlie Nun, Woodsidc steamer : — We started at about half-past seven, p.m., from George's pierhead for Woodside. Our nearest course lay be tween the Albert and the Druid, two of the Steam-tug Compnny's vessels. To clear the bows of the Druid, wc had to shave tlie stern of the Albert with our larboard paddle-box. We had not quite readied the A Ibcrt when a boat dropped from under her starboard quarter, and struck otir larboard bow. She drifted astern, but before she reached our pad dle-boxes the engine was stopped, and the boat swamped under our paddle boards. We dared not move the engine, as we feared that some of the. persons from the boat might have stuck to the rings or paddle-boards. Boats imme diately came out from the Albert, Driud, and several other vessels anchored near the spot where the aciidont occurred ; they succeeded in picking up eleven of the unfortunate individuals, including the boatman and ilis son, whose names arc, wc believe, Talbot. The boat was one of the ffiirs belonging to the parade pier-slip. Tlie Druid's boat saved four or five. It was useless in us to launch a boat, as those from the anchored ves sels were in readiness, and on the spot instanler. We kept the engine unmoved until we had drifted to tlie leeward of the Druid, and searched the paddle- boxes, for fear any person might have clung to the wheels, as is often the case in such occurrences. We did not move until every assistance necessary had been provided. The Nun is an iron hunt, of very fast sailing qualities, and would shoot n-head after the engines were stopped. The last man saved wns picked up under the bows of the Mona Steam- tug. Only one person was drowned ; but a woman who was taken out ol the water died on Wednesday. — Liverpool Journal,- April 3. , Arrival of Convicts by the Rail Road. t— On Monday, forty male convicts, under sentence of transportation, ar rived by the train at the terminus at Pad dington,v by the ' Great Western Rail road; in t wo large prison vans, from the West of England. Immediately on their arrival, post-horses were in readiness, and tlicy set off at full gallop for Wool wich, to be put on board the hulks, preparatory to being sent off to New South Wales. They all looked fine healthy young men, and were heavily chained and strongly guarded. — Ibid. Death of Earl O'Neill. — (From our correspondent.) — Dublin, March 25. — This estimable and patriotic nobleman died this morning, at Bclton hotel, in Sackville-street, after some weeks' suf fering tinder severe illness. His lord ship was an Irish representative peer, Lieutenant of Antrim, Vice-Admiral of Ulster, and Colonel of the Antrim Afili- lia. He had also been one of the Post masters-General in Ireland, for which he enjoyed a pension. Ilia death will be deeply regretted by all classes of the Protestants of Ireland, of whom his lord ship was, throughout along life, a steady and energetic advocate and supporter. General O'Neill, Member for Antrim, is now Earl O'Neill; he will, of course, vacate his seat in the House of Com- mons. — Weekly Chronicle, April A, The largest Ship in the World. — The Mammoth, building by the Great Wes tern Ship Company, at Bristol, will exceed 3,600 tons (about 600 more than any other ship in existence). Thesnving of room by her being built of iron will admit of her carrying coals for both the outward'ancl home voyages, a matter of much importance from the inferior quality of American coal. Her engines are of 1,000 horsepower. -She will be enabled to cany an unusual quantity of canvas, and is expected to make the passage of the Atlantic in ten days. — Liverpool Advertiser. There are now thirty vessels in the London and St. Kathcrinc Docks fitting out to convey emigrants to Sydney, Hob.ut Town, Canada, New York, and to the infant colony of New Zealand, which are to sail during the month of April, and they will carry out in all about five thousand passengers.. The uuiuiu tu iiutv 4JCUIUIH uut bricks as ballast. — Morning Chronicle, March 24. Van Diemen's Land Company .—The JGtli annual meeting of the proprietors of shares in this undertaking, was held in the com- pany'sliousc in Old Broad- street, on Monday 1 last, for the purpose of receiving a report relative to the affairs of the corporation, and for the election of directors, &c.; The chair was tnken hy Mr. Bornie, the governor. Tlie. minutes of the last court were read. The secrctnry, Mr. G. II. Ilowell, read the report of the directors, the siibstanco of which was as follows: — It stated that the annual meeting had been delayed in order that returns might he received relative to the company's stock, &c.;, in Van Diemen's Land. At Circular Ilead the establish ment of the company was in a satisfactory condition. The building of a vessel to trade with Laiincestou had bccii completed, and she had taken in her first cargo of live stock, timber, &c.; Tlie jetty at Circular Head had been extended. The roadstead was necoming lrcqueutcu. mere was an increase in the quantity of land cultivated last year. At the Surrey and Hampshire hills the company's stock and plant were in a satisfactory state. The herds had been classed, liy which they had been rendered more tame nnd domesticated. The cattle at those hills were- estimated at tho value of ,£15,000. The experiments in crossing the sheep had been successful. In 183G there wns an increase of 76 per cent., with the loss of dj per cent. At the Hampshire hills the increase of sheep was, in 1837, 98 per cent, with n loss of 44 per cent ; nnd 111 1830, 97 per cent, with a loss of 3 per cent. At Wonlnorth the plan of improving the pastures had succeeded. The number of ewes expected to bo lambed next season was nearly 3,000. At Emu Bay the estab lishment was in excellent order. The sales of stock had produced £3,433. Tho stock of sheep the company had in 1840 wns 0,738: of cattle 1,980 ; of horses 225; niid of deer and swine 100. The vnltie of the live stock in August 1840, was £'45,493; in August 1839, it was £"41,008. Tho land under tillage in August 1810, was 1,072 acres. The clip of wool of 1839 had re alised £900 Os. 9d. The report then went into details relative to a change of manage ment in Van Diemen's Land, the appoint ment of Mr. Gibson as a successor to Mr. Carr, and to the necessity that existed of introducing a tenantry into the country, as the act for the abolition of the assignment system had partially come into operation. The governor said the most important fea ture in tlie report wns the change of the company's agent in the colony. This change had been rendered necessary from many circumstances, not tlint the integrity of the present agent was at all to be impeached in nuy way to he impeached. Mr. Gibson, the party elected to he their agent, had great local knowledge, and he was alive to the importance of respectable tenantry 011 the company's lands, upon the accomplishment of which much of the success of tlie com pany depended. With respect to the com-: pauy's property in tlie colony, lie would briefly call the attention of the meeting to it. The original cost ofthe stock of horses, cattle, sheep, &c.;, on this land was £20,428. In the last yenrthe stock was worth £'25,490. The value of stores, See., on hand was £20,000, and the company had 350,000 acres of land, which, including the expense of clearing 100 miles of road", farming an area of 40,000 acres, &c.;, were valued nt £218,750, while tho total capital advanced by the proprietors was now £'180,000. The affairs of the company might, therefore, be snid to lie iu n prosperous state. The as signment system was 011c which wns now for consideration. Convicts would still he sent out, hut the directors looked forward to the period when the compnny's lands would lie well tenanted, especially as it was their intention to net most liberally to emi grants. The remaining survey of the com pany's land would soon he satisfactorily completed. The company might increase their stock of sheep (now 10,000 head) to any extent, as land wns cleared and shelter provided. A liberal policy was tlint which was required in the extension of the com pany's stock, Sic., in the colony. He (the governor) was not, therefore, disposed to recommend that any dividend should lie declared this year, 'i'ho difficulties that had intervened since the last annual meeting in tho selection of n clergyman of the Protes tant Episcopal Church, to watch over the religious and moral habits of the people on tho company's land, had been removed, and a gentleman perfectly qualified would . soon be sent out to tho colony. The governor stated to the meeting that the directors had that day received adespatch from theiragent stating that he had nil offer for the pur chase of 10,000 acres of the company's lands, which wns under tho consideration of the board. The election for filling up the va- rnnrins in llm li'vl rtf rlii tors who have gone out of office took place, and tho meeting adjourned . — Weekly Chro nicle, April 4. Scientific Disco very.— At tho last meeting ofthe Academy of Sciences M. Gnnunl presented an important essay which is likely to produce a considerable sensation among the public as well as io< the scientific world. M. Gaunnl lias been for ninny years occupied with the idea of preserving meat bv injection. Thus, 4lb. weight of saline mixture injected into the carotin artery of an ox penetrntes all tho vessels nnd prevents a putrid decomposition. M." Gnnnai ex hibited legs of mutton preserved two years since by this plnii; and which were found to be perfectly sweet. M. Gnnnnl employs for this purpose the muriate of alum. Tliis discovery is considered ns valuable in pro- serving provisions for the navy.- Age, Aphl4. Capture oe a Wiiiteboy ry the Mar quess of Waterford,— On Sunday last, during divine service, the house of a man named Cnrhery, steward to Mr. W. Roe, of Rockwell, Fipperary, was attacked hy an armed party, who demanded arms of a ser vant girl, the oniy inmate of the house, sho assured the ruffians there was none in the house; they then forced her into a room, from which sho contrived to mnko her escape to Rockwell House; she was pur sued and .fired at, without effect, hy one of the party. The Marquess of Waterf'oi'd, who was returning from a church in the neighbourhood, hearing of the outrage, set off in full pursuit, and, after a run of a mile and a half " over a sporting country'"' cap tured the culprit at tlm Commons of Cnsliel. Tho eccentric Peer then placed; his prisoner in his phicton, and drove him to Rockwell, where he was fully identified, and com mitted for trial at tlie next Assizes. — Ibid, Archibald Bolam.— A letter has been received by a gentleman in this neighbour- ' hood, from a friend in Australia, dated the 28th of September, 1840, from which the following extract has been made :— "Bolam who was banished for the murder of Millie is in Sydney; Mr. G. saw him in his office. He is appointed a clerk at the Convict Bar racks in Hyde-park, Sydney, and is much thought of. He has, I believe, a separate cell and some little indulgence, but is dressed in the convict dress. He has be haved very well, but of course receives no pay; in about eight years lie may get a ticket-of-leave for good behaviour, and then work for pay, or if he have money may set up any thing he likes." And this is' the treatment that convicts of the deepest criminality are subjected to by transporta tion to a penal settlement under a Liberal Government! Many poor virtuous fellow- creatures, now pining in Whig workhouses would gladly exchange situations, in every thing but their guilt, with men placed in an office, and treated with " indulgence" but honest poverty, it appears, is to fare worse than atrocious crime. — Age, April 4. The Son of Robert Burns.— Major ' Burns, the sun of the justly celebrated ' Scottish poet, who has recently completed tlvntltV-QIV VAnr«i' enrvinn in Tnrlio 1 1 v w... miu tVJlf) now holds an appointment under the factory commission, has been officially engaged du- ring the last ten days, in ascertaining the condition of the persons employed in tho paper and other factories ill the locality at' Maidstone, perhaps the most favourable district for the health of those employed of any in the> kingdom. It would hen" libel upon Maidstone to suppose that Major Burns has not been welcomed by the lovers ' of belles leltres amongst her population. Major Burns is rather of shorter stature than his highly-gifted father, hut possesses a considerable resemblance to the poet, iu tho upper part of his face, and much of that conversational facility iu which poor Burns is said so singularly to have excelled, refined and polished hy intercourse with the talented nnd the great. A complimentary dinner was given to Mr. Burns, at the Haunch of Venison Inn, on Monday, hy several ardent admirers of his lather's extraordinary genius. — Dover Chronicle. The Nary.— Sixteen wnr steamers arc ordered to be built, six of the first elasi and ten of the second ; nil to be nrnied with guns of ten-inch calibre. Several of these will be laid down im mediately, and the frames of the whole converted without delay, so as to lie ready against the engines are prepared. — Naval and Military Gazette. The Queen lias been pleased to appoint William Cornwnllis Symomls to be Deputy Surveyor- (jenrul of thecolony of New' Zealand. — Lirenwl Mail, March 10. Emiokation or PAurrn Fr.MALri to Al-sth.uu, — It will be recollected tlmt a week or two n»o, n report appeared in the papers of 11 meeting" if the board of guardians and directors of tlie parish of St. Mnrylebonc, at which it was resolved, by the ensting vote of the Chairman, to send to South Australia as emigrants, some of the refractory and- dissolute female paupers nt tlmt time in the work house of that pnrish. Certain arrangements having been made for their conveyance, the public became acquainted with the fuct through tlie me limn of the press, that it was intended to send these fe males to this distant part of the globe, without a Surgeon. Alatron or Superintendent 011 hoard, and without any: prospect of nn asylum for tliein until they could get employment "when they had nrrived at their destination. Much surprise nnd discontent having been expressed on this account, several meetings were held in the parish in con sequence. At one convened hy the Board of guardians, yesterday, Mr. Busliell moved that that part of the minutes leluting to the sending pauper I'eniiiles out its eniipr.mts to Australia be ex punged. This motion wns seconded mid carried ; the lioard uftcrwards t n'ercd into n discussion re specting n communira'inn winch had been re ceived from the Poor-law Commis doners, desiring s-itne information upon this subject. Mr. Bushcil moved " Tlmt the re, or: of the comtnitec, recoin- mendin ; that certain female paupers lit sent to Australia, not linving been adopted by tlio Hoard, tl.o Directors and (iunrdians of tlie Poor 0.' .St. Mnrylebone do not iliink it necessary to furnish the Poor-law Commissioners with u copy thereof." Mr. Gibson seconded the motion. Air. Katli'inne considered the way in which the public press had taken up this mntter would be beneficial, if in 110 other way, in teaching n lesson to that hoard not to commit again such hasty and unwise acts ns would expose them to public obloquy, (hear.) Air. Keusett said this subject laid occupied (ho attention of the Legislature, hut lie did not seo what the Poor-law Commissioners lmd to do with it, (Hear.) Ever since it had conic to the know, ledge of these girls tlmt tliey were not to go to Australia tlicy lmd refuse'! to work, and had acted in the most outrageous manner. Yesterday tlicy got up into the bed-room and would insist on keeping up u fire, in opposition to the orders of the master. Tliey became so debased and insub ordinate tlmt it was the duty of the hoard to get rid of them in some way. The second motion having also been carried, the Secretary wished to know if lie was to communicate the resolution pnssed by this Botird to the Poor-law Commis sioners prior to its confirmation. Air. Kcnsett should object to such n course, ns on the confir mation lie intended to object to any correspon dence with the Somerset I louse gentry whatever. The application of tlio Poor-law Commissioners for information was, therefore, refused. — Standard April 3. Model of Hohart Town. — Air. Peck's model of tlie above p'nee, constructed on the spot, nftcr C » » 1.1 fj iuur jciira immuiise cure ana muour, is uuiv uii view in the Union Gallery, Slater-street, i t forms n very striking object on entering the room, nnd wi!l,_ no doubt, prove highly interesting and at tractive to all clusses of our townsmen. Tlio Hobnrt Town press is unanimous in its praise of the accuracy and faithfulness of the copy, nnd certainly their opinion, speuking from actual oh- servution. is entitled, to every, deference. 'Tho Hobart Town -'Jdi'eiiijpr einapks — '.' It appears to us, after a careful inspection, tlint ns nn exact copy of the town, with all its streets, public build ings, churches, chapels, &c.;, it is a specimen pf correctness ns extraordinary ns it is interesting— of the general taste of the urrangement of this model, nothing we can say can do it justice." Air. Jcntor, who is fnmilitirly known to many, from his former connexion with the Waterloo model, has the mnnngenient of this unique exhi bition. — Livcrpoal Muil, March 25. The New Bayonet. — Sir Tlussoy Vivian ha! noticed the new percussion musket in. tlio House of Commons, but wo have since heard of a for midablo appendage to this weapon. The daily papers sny that tlie new bayonet is tvyo arid a huff feet in length, nnd one and a half inch brond, nnd of n proportionate tl ickncss.. One edge is formed to cut as n sword, and the back is serrated. TljiJ saw portion is intended to cut pnlisndos, and tlio great length given to the bayonet is intended ns n protection . against tho nttneks of cavalry. Tlio whole weight of t ho gun nnd appendages appears to be nbout fourteen pounds. — -Atlas, March 13. Austiiaman and Van Diemen's Land Wool.. — 1st combing, Is. 10(1.; to 2s. 4(1. ; 2nd ditto" Is. Gd. to Is. lOd ; iplr ditto, qlsi 2d. to- Is. 74,: grense, 8d. to Is.; 1st clothing, "is. 9d. to 2s. 4d.; 2nd ditto, Is. 3d. to Is: Gil.; 3d ditto, Is 3 I. to - Is. Gd.; grense, 3d. to lid. ; Cape, 3d. to 2s.— Standard, April 3. Meluouunk Edited by William Kr.nn ; printed by Joseph Thompson, nnd published by him nt the office, Collins-street, for the joint benefit of the said William Kekii, and Joseph Thompson, nnd of John Pascoe Fawknep. (sole proprietor). 