Domestic Intelligence. CAPTAIN NICHOLSON We beg to congratulate our worthy Harbour Master, Captain Nicholson, on the unanimous and gratifying testimony re- cently borne to his character and qualifi- cations by the Members of the Legislative Council, in the discussion of the Estimates for his department. Amongst the numerous officials in the various departments of our Government, we know of none who, in retiring from the active duties of life, will carry with him to a greater extent the unaffected good wishes and respect of all classes of the community, but more especially of those whose avocations have called them into constant intercourse with him than Captain NICHOL- SON. We trust, therefore, that in awarding some compensation for his long and ar- duous services, the Council will not fail to remember that that economy is the most ju- dicious which dispenses to faithful servants of the Government a recompense proportion- ate to their deserts, and that not with too niggardly a hand. THEATRICALS.—The Victoria Theatre opened for the season, yesterday evening, but the at- tendance although numerous and select, was not so great as we had imagined it would have been. The improvements which, during the recess, have been effected in the Theatre, add materially to the beauty of its appearance, and the effect is greatly increased by the brilliancy of the gas, with which also the house has been lit, and which by the dazzling of its rays, con- tributes a pleasing brightness to the whole scene. Not having been enabled, from want of time, to witness the whole of the performances, we are unable to enter into any criticism upon their merits, but the POOR GENTLEMAN, which was the opening piece of the evening, appeared to go off very well. We were sorry however, to observe, that Mrs. Knowles, who sustained a leading character, did not appear to be in possession of her usual vivacity, and seemed to laboring under the effects of severe indisposition, notwithstanding which, she exerted herself to the utmost to obtain the approbation of the audience, and her endeavors although made with evident pain to herself, were successfull. EXECUTION.—The Piscator, which arrived on Sunday last, brought intelligence of the exe- cution of the two aborigines who were convicted at a late special session of the Supreme Court, for the murder of Mr. Assistant Surveyor Sta- pylton. They suffered the extreme penalty of the law on the 2nd instant, at a place called Windmill Hill, about one mile from Brisbane, in the presence of about a hundred of their countrymen, and persisted in declaring their in- nocence to the last moment, and asserting that the property of the deceased which was found in their possession, had been given to them by others. LIVERPOOL. There was a wedding in high life at this town on Tuesday last, upon which occasion the festivities resorted to in commemo- ration of the happy event, were of such a nature as to render the neighbourhood a scene of the greatest gaiety during the day. The happy couple were J. J. Moore, Esq., and Miss Peters, the daughter of a retired officer of that name After the nuptial knot had been tied the wedding guests, who were both numerous and respectable, partook of an elegant dejunè a la fouchette, which the happy bridegroom had prepared for their entertainment; and in order that nothing might be wanting, the fine band of the 28th regiment, enlivened the company by the well-known brilliancy of their music, having been expecially sent for from Sydney for that purpose. BREAD.—A considerable decrease was effected yesterday in the price of the staff of life, by the commencement in business of a new establish- ment, styling itself " The Brisbane Steam Flour Mills Bakery;" it has began by selling the two pound loaf, for which 7d and 7½d. had been charged by the other bakers, at the re- duced price of 5d.; and we are informed by competent judges, that the bread thus sold is of an excellent quality. If they continue in strict adherence to this course of selling a good and substantial article at the lowest possible amount of profit, they will without doubt be compen- sated largely for their exertions by the extensive patronage of the public, who will not fail to en- courage an undertaking of that description. And whatever may be the result, it cannot fail to produce a benefit to the public, for there is nothing so efficient as competition, to reduce the practice of monopoly. POUNDKEEPERS.—We refrain from publish- ing our correspondent's letter on this subject, as we think it rather libellous. He should report the case in the proper quarter. We are aware that many reasons for complaint are daily given by poundkeepers to settlers in the country, but the charge which the letter of our correspondent brings against an individual in this case is rather of a serious description. All we can say in this matter is, that poundkeepers should be more cautious in describing the marks and brands of the cattle sent to their pounds, for if it is a felony to deface or alter a brand or mark upon a neighbouring beast, decidedly it is an offence of much the same colour for a pound- keeper to report falsely of the brands in his custody, with the felonious intention of pur- chasing them at the pound sale before the real owner can have any intimation of where they are. SUPREME COURT.—The Civil Session of this Court, commenced on Monday the 19th instant, since which time it has been principally occu- pied in the adjudication of the assessors cases, most of which are for the recovery of debts in- curred by the non-payment of promissory notes and bills of exchange. A powerful argument in favour of extending the jurisdiction of the Courts of Requests, may be gathered from the fact that the greater portion of these actions are brought for the recovery of comparatively small accounts, and some of them but little above £10, so that a person to whom debts of this description is due, is compelled to resort to all the legal paraphanalia and delay of a suit in the Supreme Court, before they can recover their demand ; and it may often happen, that even when it has been so recovered, the expence, de- lay, and loss of time attendant upon such re- covery are so great, that the successful plaintiff is bona fide a considerable loser. Besides these grievances, it is a matter of no small import- ance that the time of the Supreme Court and its officers (who ought to be much better em- ployed) is principally taken up in the adjudica- tion of cases that might, with equal justice and propriety, be determined by an inferior and less costly tribunal. INSOLVENT COURT.—Mr. Justice Stephen sat as usual in the Insolvent Debtor's Court, on Friday last, when the cases of several insol- vents were gone into, but none of them being of public importance in their nature, we refrain from giving the particulars. Two insolvents were discharged. A third was sentenced to fourteen days imprisonment in the common gaol, for making a fraudulent division of his property ; and the cases of several others were postponed till Thursday next, to which day the Court was then adjourned. NORFOLK ISLAND.—From the news which has reached us by the brig Governor Phillip, we learn that the affairs of this settlement are in a state of great confusion, and that a spirit of insubordination appears to have resulted from the relaxing effects of Captain Maconochies' system, which is likely to be productive of very serious effects in the future state of the island, unless measures of greater strictness are adopt- ed, for the purpose of repressing the evidently increased audacity and turbulence of the con- victs. Nine convicts have succeeded in effect- ing their escape in a boat a few weeks since, being the second party who have thus found means to elude the vigilence of their superin- tendents, within the last two or three months. A disagreement had taken place between Cap- tain Maconochie and the police magistrate, Mr. Charles Ormsby, which ended in the dismis- sion of the latter, who has accordingly come to Sydney, in order to solicit an enquiry into the whole affair. THE ESTIMATES.—The Legislative Council will meet at twelve o'clock to-day, for the further consideration of the estimates of expen- diture for the year 1842. COUNTRY NEWS.—Our recent stoppage has placed us greatly in arrear of our contempora- ries, in the above as well as in many other particulars, and many communications from our correspondents in the interior, received during the past week, have been necessarily put aside, from the oldness of their date, or mislaid, in consequence of the circumstances with which our subscribers have already been made acquainted, by the article addressed to tliem in our last publication. Now, however, that the cause of our neglect has ceased, the deficiency will be speedily made up, and our articles of internal and other intelligence, will be continued with the same regularity as here tofore. HORSES.—On Saturday afternoon last the splendid entire horses lately imported by our spirited townsman, Mr. C. Roberts, per Ab- berton, were landed at Deloitte's wharf, near Miller's Point. There were six of these noble animals all safely got on shore in a condition which reflected the highest credit on the parties who had the management of them during the voyage out. A large number of gentlemen were present at their landing, and every one agreed in the opinion, that this was the most splendid stud of horses ever imported into the colony. Two of them were very superior hunters ; two were thorough-bred ; and the other two were of the famous Suffolk Punch breed, and were amongst the finest specimens of the kind ; the whole stud are well calculated to make a great improvement in our breed of horses. NEWS AND RUMOURS OF THE DAY.— The total amount of the Ordinary Revenue of the colony (exclusive of Port Phillip) for the half-year, ending 30th June last, was £45,600 an increase on the first half of 1840 of £10,000 ; the ad valorem duties levied at rhe Custom House, was £9,600. The amount of land revenue was £26,000, a decrease in the half- year of £40,000.—In the first half of 1840 duty was paid on 34,299 gallons of spirits dis- tilled in the colony ; in the first half of the present year duty was paid on 12,237 gallons, a decrease of upwards of 22,000 gallons. In the second quarter of 1840 duty was paid on 60,919 gallons of spirits imported ; in the second quarter of the present year on 52,583 gallons. The total amount paid into the Colo- nial Treasury for duty on spirits from January 1st to June 30th 1841 was £61,726 9s. 7d.— In the first six months of the present year, £17,667 10s. 6d. was paid into the Colonial Treasury as duty upon tobacco. The duty payable on tobacco being two shillings per pound, it follows that the consumption during that period was upwards of one hundred and seventy-six thousand pounds, or one pound and a half for every man, woman, and child in the colony.—On Tuesday last, about mid-day, as Mr. Button, residing in Phillip-street, was taking a walk in the domain, a man sprung out of the bush upon him, knocked him down, and suc- ceeded in relieving him of about nine shillings, and would probably have proceeded to further violence, as to stripping him, &c;, had not some one called out " Holloa what are you about there," when the thief made off taking the cash as his only prize.—On Wednesday last a meet- ing of the proprietors of the Bank of New South Wales was held, when a dividend of seven and a-half-per cent, for the half year ended the 30th June last, was declared : and the reserved fund was increased by the sum of £1,500.— On Friday last, Mr. W. Muller, tailor of George Street, put an end to his existence by poisoning himself during a fit of temporary insanity.—On Saturday last, William Bachelor, a constable of Parramatta, was committed to take his trial for perjury.—A report has reached Sydney of an affray with the blacks in the neighbourhood of the Clarence River, by Major Oakes and a party of mounted police, in which about twenty of the aborigines were killed or wounded. It is said that government intend to institute an in- quiry into the occurrence.—A man named George Alison, was, on Thursday last, com- mitted to take his trial, on the charge of steal- ing a cheque for £10 17s, 6d., drawn by Messrs. James and William Macarthur, on the Bank of Australasia, in favour of Mr. Hugh Kennedy, publican, of Wollongong.—A boat containing three persons who were proceeding to the immigrant ship Helen, on Thursday last, was unfortunately capsised, and one of the men named Thomas Hobson, by trade a bricklayer, was drowned. By the prompt exertions, however, of a waterman named Johnson, who happened to be on the spot, the other two were safely brought to land.—Not less than nineteen informations for breaches of the Police Act, were disposed of at the Police Office on Friday last.—An adjourned Petty Session for the transfer of publican's licenses was to have been held at the Police Office on Friday last, but owing to the absence of one of the magistrates another adjournment took place. —A female prisoner of the crown named Mills was, on Friday last, sentenced to two months imprisonment in the third class, factory, for stealing a pound of butter from a little girl. A public meeting was held at Bathurst, on the 17th instant, when an address to the Governor was resolved upon, praying that some measure might be adopted, for the establishment of an hospital in that vicinity. Another meeting will be held there on Friday next, for the purpose of considering the question of Coolie Immigration. —A married woman named Jane Storey was, on Saturday last, committed to take her trial, on the charge of stealing a ring from a neighbours house while employed at work.—A Coroner's Inquest was held at Driver's public-house, corner of King and Elizabeth- street, on Thurs- day last, on the body of a government man, named Samuel Heley, attached to the Bradley's Head stockade, who died from a rupture in the intestines on the previous day ; verdict accord- ingly.—Another was held on Friday, at the Hope and Anchor, Parramatta-street, on the body of a female named Ann Matthews, who had been found dead in a ditch on the Botany Road, at an early hour the same morning, where she had fallen while in a state of helpless intoxication ; verdict, death from suffocation, while in a state of intoxication.—A third In- quest was held at the same place immediately after the foregoing one, upon the body of a woman, named Norah Moore, who died in consequence of certain injuries which she had received, by reason of her clothes taking fire while she was in a state of intoxication ; ver- dict accordingly.—Notwithstanding all the ex- ertions that have been made to discourage the practice of furious driving, offences of that description are of daily, and almost hourly oc- currence, and too frequently do they pass off with impunity. An instance of this met our own view yesterday, in which a lady and child crossing in the neighbourhood of Jamison- street, narrowly escaped being run over by a cart containing three or four drunken fellows, which was being urged along at a furious rate. The only remedy for the evil rests with the vigilence of the police.—There were only thirty-one cases of drunkenness brought under the notice of the Police Court yesterday, being a considerable reduction upon the usual aver- age, which may be computed at about seventy or eighty. We would gladly add, that from this criterion the progress of intemperance may be looked upon as having received a material check, but we are fearful that such is not the fact, for judging by the result of our former ob- servations, the tipsical statistics of Sydney ap- pear to be as variable in their nature as the state of the weather, or as the fluctuating sta- tistics of the British money market.—The im- portant ghost debate at the School of Arts ap- pears to be still carried on with great vigour. 