ORIGIN OF PAUL AND VIRGINIA." (From a French Print) Everybody is acquainted with Bernardi de St. Pierre sweet tale of " Paul and Vir- ginia;" but everybody is not aware of the historical truth connected with that charming work. The author affirms in a note at the end of his book that Virginia has actually existed, which allegations is denied by an inhabitant of the Isle of France Pan is a fictitious character, and Marguerite and Madame de Latour never resided in L'Enfoncement ties Protres, which properly has belonged from father to son to the Verchem family. It is upon one fact only that the author has composed his graceful romance, so remarkably for its style and the way in which the plot is conducted. It is of Mr. Mallam, senior, too early wrested from the bar and science which he honoured, that we borrow the circumstances connected with the loss of the ship St. Geran. He himself wrote them as follows, to the Isle of France, in 1918 : - A lady, from whom we have learnt various particulars of the play which Bernardin de St. Pierre made in our island in 1798, remembered well that being one day in the country, and the conversation having fallen upon the hurricanes of those parts and the calamities which ensue, the loss of the St. Geran and death of Virginia were related before him, when he was deeply struck with the tragic end of that young lady. The historical truth of this is thus In 1840, a person having asked an inhabitant of the Pamplemousses, who bore the same name as that given in the tale to Virginia's mother, whether he were not related to that lady, the latter replied that the young lady wrecked in the St. Geran did not bear the name of Latour, but that of Mdlle. de Mallet; that her brother, one of the officers of the Isle of France regiment, was still living. That inhabitant offered to make the Inquirer dine in a few days with M. de Mallet, who would not fail to tell him all that was authentic respecting his sister's shipwreck. This meeting took place. The communication was soon turned upon the loss of the St. Goran, and Bernardin de St. Pierre Tale, when M. de Mallet entered into details, of which the following is the substance ; - " My father, said he, " had sent my sister to France to be educated. She was on her return, in 1733 or 1744, in the Company's ship St. Goran, M. de Monsoil, com manner, when, on the evening of the 23rd December, a violent hurricane arose. I in the afternoon, a ship had been signalled, but her name, had not been ascertained. - Absorbed, no doubt, in thoughts of my sister, my mother woke in the night in alarm, affirming that they had beheld in a dream a wrecked ship, on board of which her (laugh tor was in great peril. All that was said to quiet her was of no avail. At dawn, the report having been spread at the Pamplemousses, where we resided, that a ship had been wrecked at the Poudre d'Or, my mother would go thither herself; but upon my father's observations, she was persuaded to send some blacks under the guidance of one named Oomingue. " When they reached the part of the coast where the ship had been wrecked, she had gone to pieces. M. de Labonrdntmiiye and several employes, civil and military, who had repaired to the coast in order to succour the shipwrecked, informed the blacks that Mdlle. de Mallet was among the passengers on board the St. Geran, and that she had perished. One may easily imagine the despair into which this mournful intelligence threw the family. As for my mother, she had been beforehand persuaded as the reality of the warning which her dream had given her." " It is true," continued M. de Mallet, " that one of the officers of the St. Geran had fallen deeply in love with my sister on the pa sage ; this we learnt from some of the man saved from the wreck, and it is rendered very probable by the circumstances that accompanied a . When that officer saw the ship stranded and beaten by a tremendous sea, he offered to save my sister if she would but consent to strip. She refused to do so, declaring that it was impossible to reach the shore, and hoping that the stern of the ship, whereupon she stood, might resist the tempest. The young man in despair then plunged into the sea. reached the shore, and after recovering some strength, returned on board with a little bough of a shrub, to show that it was not impossible to get on landing was then day-light, and, as M. de St. Pierre says, one could distinctly see from the there the St. G cran'b suffered beaten by the billows which were soon to scatter its wreck. A young man was also to be seen etc deavouring in vain to persuade my sister to cast off her clothes that he might save her. The danger increasing every minute, he availed himself of a moment when the waves received to throw my sister over the welfare, and at the same time he plunged after her, but they were seen no more," Such are the principal circumstances of M. de Mallett's nana ion. The fact of his sister's death in the shipwreck of the St. Geran. The name of the officer who wished to save her was Long champ de Montendie. The corpses were not among (In se found on the shore after the hurricane. That of Mdle. de Mallet was not deposited at the Hall da Tombeau, as the tale says. That bay received its name in the early times of the establishment of the colony, because a Protestant lady was buried there. The eggs ters of the Pamplemnuses Church have been kept since the year 1740, and they make no mention of any death referring to that of the unfortunate girl who sacrificed her life TO modesty. A GHOST STORY In the hot weather of this last summer, Lord Ashbnrnltam's very old uncle, the Bishop of Chichester, was waked in his palace at four o'clock in the morning by his bedchamber door being opened, when a female figure, all in white, entered, and sat down near him. The prelate, who protests he was not frightened, said, in a tone of authority, but not with the usual triple adjuration, " Who are you in Not a word of reply, but the personage heaved a profound sigh. The bishop rang the bell, but the servants were so sound asleep that nobody heard him. He repeated his question'; still no answer, but another deep sigh. Then the apparition look some papers out of its pocket, and read them to itself. At last, when the bishop had continued to ring and nobody to come, (he spectre rose and departed as sedately as it had arrived. When the servants did at length appear the bishop cried, " Well! what have you seen?" "Seen, my 'lord V " Ay, seen ; who or what is the woman that has been here?" " Woman I my lord !" (I believe one of the fellows smiled ; though, to do her justice Lady Onslow did not say so. In short, when my lord had related his vision, his domestics did humbly apprehend that his lordship had been dreaming; and so did his whole family the next morning, for in this our day even a bishop's household does not believe in ghosts; and yet it is most certain that the good man had been in no dream, and told nothing but what he had seen; for, us the story circulated and diverted the ungodly at the prelate's expense, it came at last to the ears of a keeper of a madhouse in the diocese who came and proposed, that a female lunatic under his care had escaped from his custody, and, finding the gate of the palace open, had marched up to my lord's chamber. The deponent further said, that his prisoner was always reading a bundle of papers. Letters of H. Walpole. EGYPTIAN DRAMA.- Rude dramatic representations are popular among the Egyptians (says Dr. Bowring ) They generally turn upon one of the two subjects most interesting to them, namely, their religion and their taxation. The religious (Iranias usually introduce a Christian glamour, upon whom the process of conversion is operating in the shape of severe baslinadoings, always ending in the triumph of Mahomedan orthodoxy; the Christian sufferer surrendering little by little, and at last, in plenty of blows, getting plenty of belief. In the other departments of amusement, the tax-gatherer is gene rally introduced demanding 100 piastres Ironi a poor fellow who has only ten in the world, and who is fearfully flogged, amidst the laugh- ter of the sympathising, for not doing what it is impossible he could do. NEW AND IMPORTANT SURGICAL OPERA- LYONS-On Thursday last, the subcutaneous section of muscles of the back for the cure of lateral curvature of the spine, was for the first time in this country, performed by Dr. Hunter, professor of anatomy, Andersonian University, Glasgow, in the presence of a number of elite of the medical profession. The operation consists in cutting across the muscles of the back that produce the curvature, and although it has the appearance, at first sight, of being a formidable operation, yet it is so cunningly and simply performed under the skin that the patient, although in this instance a delicate young lady, complained of no pain, lost no more than three drops of blood, and was only 30 seconds under the hands of the operator Glasgow Paper, ya 