TBB CHARTISTS. On the 29th May Mr. Duncombe introduced a petition whith, as two, men could not lift it, could only be brought within the door of the House, signed by 1,200,000 people for an address to the Queen for a Government upon Chartist principles, and for the immediate liberation of Mr. Feargus O'Connoi; and all other political prisoners. Mr. Duncomlie moved the address. The House divided equally, fiftv-eiirht oncachside. The Whig Speaker gave Waiting vote against it. Mr. O'Connor is candidate For Leicester, awd Ids election' is certain. It is supposed he will'be then immediately liberated, when his resentment against his oppressors wili have full play. He has published the following address to the Chsirtists in his newspaper the Northern Star.-—' "I was shocked, and horror-struck, to hear the very mention of a compromise at the meeting held last week at the Crown and Anchor, and my principal reason for writing now is, to enter my protest upon my own part against euch a course. And .then, I am told that the Tories will set me free Good Heaven 1 My limbs, though strong would rel fuse their office when told they owed their liberty to my country's greatest oppressor. What! be allowed to walk abroad and say, I owe my freedom to the Tamworth Baronet I—the man whose name stands second only to that of Castlereagh in the bloody book of oppression! Who has gone fur. ther to set Catholic against Protestant, and Orangemen against native Irish, than Sir Robert Peel? No one. And am I to walk .abroad as a living monument of gratitude to him for the possession of that liberty of which he has robbed my country? No, rii^; neref, never, never 1 First perish O'Connor ! _ This compromise has sealed my doom for the remainder of my dreary imprisonment I' For, by the ghost of many a hundred Irishmen, nnd by my country's wrongs, I swear that if ah order for my liberation come to- morrow from a Tory govern, ment, I will not leave my dungeon." Syria, April, 20 ••—Cilonel Rose has assumed the command of the British forces in Syria The Officers of the Staff are to be distributed forthwith to different stations of theprovinces of Syria, and Palestine: Major Harvey proceeds to Jerusalem: Major Wilbraliam to Gaga; Colonels M'Niven; Churchill, and Freestun, to Naplouse, Damascus, and Tripolis; Major Bocciociampc to Aleppo A Military Commission proceeds forthwith to the South of Syria, for the purpose of surveying and reporting upon the state of the country, particularly with regard to its general points of defence. This Commission consists of Colonel Alderson (Commanding Engineer in Syria), Lieutenant Aldric, B. E. Lieut. Rowen, A. A., and Major Robe. The 'Engineer Officers and Sappers and Miners aro ordered round to Acre, to repair and re-construct the fortifications of that fortress. The presence of the English gives the most unbounded satisfaction, and the greatest confidence to all the Christian population. Trade is reviving, and the portofBeyrout ,is filled with shipping: a new andcommodious quay is being constructed for reception of Merchandize, under the direction of Commissary-General Ramsay. The Turkish authorities, however, are still back- Ward ; they look to the resumption of their former power, merely as a means of personal aggrandisement. Like the Bourbons at their restoration, " ils n'ont rien ouhlii, ils n'ont rien appris." It will require abler and distinguished hands to do that for Syria which Europe demands and has a right to expect. Military Deaths Generals—Fuller, 2 W. I. Reg.; Sir R. S. Donkin, K.C.B.O.C.D. Col. of the 11th P., and Surveyor-General of the Ordnance. Colonels—Tucker, late of 5th W. I. R.; Bridgman, Unatt., Beyrout. Lieut.-Colonels_Booth, K.H. 43rd F. ; Hon. H. 11. Molyncux, 1st -Bn. 00th F. ; W. Baker, Rl. Mar. Majors—Hike, 15th Hussars; Irwin, Unat.; R. White, late of Rl. Mar. • Dammers,h. p. 1st L. I, Gcr, Leg. Captains—Considine,' 69th F.; Cordon*, late of Ul. Engineers; Vanderpant, h. p. 9th F. Lieutenants— Lord J. Beresford, 10th Hussars; Farquharson, 7th Hussars; Sealy, 65tb F-; Von Eberstein, late 7th R. Vet. Bat.; Nash, h.p. 4th F.; 12. J. Danes, h.p. 30th F.; Tboburn, h.p. 35th F.; Hemsworth h.p. 50th F.; Farie, h.p. 82nd F.; A. Graham, h.p. 10th Reynolds, li.p. 90th F.; Phillips, h.p. Indop.; J. Graham, h.p. 27th F. Ensignsl-J. Blake, late 1st R. Vet. Bn.; Hodgins, late 12th do. ; 'Bandon, h.p.- 64th F. Qartermaster—Vale, 21st F. Medical Department—Surgeon D. M'Lean, h.p. Staff; Surgeon Easton, h p. 15th Dr,; Surgeon Coldstream, h.p. 26th F.; Surgeon Dedbrooke, h.p. 1st Prov. Bn. of Mil, Chaplain—Burrington, fi.p. 106th F. A jury was empannelled before Mr. Higgs,' at the Burlington Arms, Old Burlington-street, to inquire into circumstances attending the death of Major John Bolton, aged 34, late of her Majesty's 7th Dragoons, who died suddenly whilst staying at- Nerot'a Hotel. It appeared that the deceased retired to bed at 11 o'clock on Friday night, perfectly sober, and apparently in excellent health and spirits ; and on the following day was discovered in bed, quite dead, Mr Marley, the surgeon, deposed to death being caused by apoplexy. Captain Robert Richardson, of the 7th Dragoons, said the deceased had always enjoyed the best of health. Verdict Died by the Visitation of God. Punishment of Death The bill for taking away the punishment of death in certain cases exempts from capital punishment the following offences: Embezzlement by servant of bank of England note, bill, bond, &c.;, belonging to the Company, or relating to Irish or other annuities transferred to the Bank; embezzlement by servant of South Sea Company of similar notes or bonds; secretly using stamps or dies for deeds, or gold land silver plate, to defraud her Majesty; and the riotous demolition of churches. By the bill the first class'ofoffences is to be punishable by transportation Tor life, or for a term not less than seven years, or imprisonment for period not exceeding three years. Rape, and other capital offences, are also exempted, and are to be punished by transportation for life. The act to commence and take effect on the first of October, 1841. The Ilioer Thames.—The removal of the old London- bridge has caused a considerable change in the river above, and also, though in a less degree, below the bridge. Owing to the contracted arches through which the water had to make its way at the old bridge, there was a fall of from 4 feet 9 inches to 5 ft.at low water. This fellis now reduced to about 2 inches, so that the low water line above the bridge is nearly 5 feet lower at spring tides than formerly. In consequence, a greater increased body of tidal water 'now flows up and down the river; and as it meets with no obstruction, it flows with a decidedly greater velocity. The effect of this is to scour and deepen the channel of the river; its influence in this respect being sensibly felt as far up as Putney-bridge, 7£ miles above London-bridge. The spores above the latter, that were formerly foul and muddy, are now becoming clean slnnjjle and gravel; and near low water the beach is quite hard and firm. The shoals' are also decreasing below the bridge, and there can be little doubt that tbe change will, at no distant period, be felt from the Nore up to Teddington. Before the removal of the old bridge, a barge, starting from the pool with the first of the flood, could not get farther than Putney-bridge without the assistance of . oars. But, under similar, circumstances, a barge now reaches. Mortlake, four miles further up, before using oars, and with a little'help she may reach Richmond; and, taking'horses' there, may get to Teddington in a tide. The descent down the river has been equally facilitated; the'mean velocities of the flood and ebb between London-bridge and Westminster-bridge are flood three miles on hour, extreme three and a. half; ebb three 1-6; extreme three j M'Culloch's Statistical Account. Racing.—The Cape of Good Hope Racing Club has promulgated the scale for carrying weights for age, It is for two-year olds, 7st.; three-year olds, 8st. Gibs.; five-yearolds, JOst, 4lbs.; six-year olds and aged, 11st. 81bs. Mares and geldings allowed 31bs. HOBABT TOWN:—Printed and published W the Proprietor, ROBERT LATHROP MUBHAT, of the DynnjTuo House, at the Printing- office, in Collins* street, Hobavt Town. 