Select iJoctrj). — e©«— OLD BACHELORS. They are wanderers, and rambler's— never at iinme, Making sure of a welcome wherever they roam, And ev'ry one knows that the Bachelor's den Is a room set apart for these singular men — A nook in the clouds, of perhaps five leet by four, Though sometimes, perchance, it may be rather more, With skylight, or no light, ghosts, goblins, and gloom, And ev'ry where term'd " The Bachelor's Room." These creatures, they say, are not valued at all' Except when the herd gave a Bachellor's ball ; Then, drcst iu their best, in tbeirgoid broider'd vest, 'Tis known as a fact, that they act with much tact, i And they lisp out " How do ?'' and they coo and they sue ; And they smile for awhile, their guests to be- guile; Condescending and bending, for fear of ofiend- iug ; Though inert, they exert to be pert and to flirt ; And they. turn, and they twist, and they e'en play at whist j And they whirl and they twirl, and they whisk and are brisk ; And they whiz and they quiz, and they spy with their eye; And they sigh as they fly ; For they meet to be sweet, and be fleet on their feet; Advancing and glancing, and dancing and prancing; And bumping and jumping, and stumping and thumping; Sounding and bounding, around and around; Sliding and gliding, with minuet pace; Pirouetting and setting with infinite-grace. They like dashing and 'flushing, lashing and splashing, And racing and chasing, and pacing and lacing; They are frittering and glitering, gallant and Yawning all morning, and lounging all day; Love living in London — life loitering away At the Club and at Crocklord's, the Park and the Play. But when the Bachelor boy grows old; And these butterfly days are past ; When threescore years their tale have told, He then repents at last. When he becomes an odd old man, With no warmer friend than a warming pan ! He is fidgetty, lretful,and weary — in fine, Loves self, and his bed, and his dinner and wine: And he rates and he prates, and he reads the debates, Abuses the world— and the women he hates ; And is prosing dud dozing, and cozing all day; And snoaring and boring, and roaringaway, And he's snall'v and puffy, and huffy and stuffy, And musty and fusty, and rusty and crusty, Sneezing and wheezing, and teuzing and freezing, And grumbling and mumbling, and stumbling and tumbling, Falling and bawling, and sprawling and crawl ing, And withering and dithering, and quivering aud shivering, Waking and aching, and quaking and shaking, Ailing and failing, and always bewailing; Dreaiy and weary, and nothing that's cheery ; Groaning and moaning, his selfishness owning; " And sighing and crying, when lying and dying, Grieving and heaving, though nought is he leaving, But wealth, and ill-health, and his pelf and liis self. Then he sends for a doctor to cure or to kill, Who gives him offence as well as a pill, By dropping a hint about making his will : And as fretful antiquity cannot be mended, The lonely life of the Buchelor's ended. Nobody mourns bim, and nobody sighs- Nobody misses him— and nobody cries, For nobody grieves when the Bachelor dies ! 