policy, THE OLD VICAR. Some years ago, ers Time and Taste Had turned our parish topsy-turvy. When Daniel Park was Darned W'iBtr-, And roads as little known as scurvy, The man who lost his way between St Mary's Hill and Sandy Thicket, Was always shown across the Greer., And guided to the Paris is without. Back flew the bolt of lissom I rib ; Fair Margaret, in her tidy strife, Led lbs born traveller up the path. Through cerealist rows of boys and myrtle : And Don and Sancho 1 ramp and Friday, "Upon (he purl mr steps to lected, Wagg'il all their wives, and seemed to say, " Our Hinder knows you : you're expected." Upton's the Reverend Dr. Brown, Uprose the Doctor's ' winsome morrow The lady laid her knitting down, Her husband clasped his ponderous Barrow : "* Tl'Autc'er re Uraitger's case or creed, . funny or Pupils, saint or sinner, Inform i a stable for his bleed And others for himself, and di mir, ill, when he reached his journey's end, And warmed himself in court or college, He had not gained an honest friend, And twenty curious scraps of knowledge ; - If he departing as he came, With no new light on love or liquot,-. Good south, the traveller was in blue, And not the courage, nor the Vicar. His talk was like a stream which runs With rapt 1 change from rocks to roses : It slipped from politics to pass ; it passed from Mahomet to Messrs : Beginning rub this laws which keep The planets in their ra is at courses, And calling with some precept deep For dressing eels, or shoeing horses. He was a shrewd and sound divine, Of loud Dissent the mortal terror ; And -when, by dint of page and line, He 'stable-fed Truth or startle 1 Error, TI s Baptist found him far too deep 5 The Dust sighed with saving sorrow ; And the lean Lo vice went to sleep, And dream end of last ng pork to-morrow. His sermon never sold or show's That EirtLia foul that Heaven is gracious, "Without refreshment on the road From Jo one, or from Athanasius t And sure 11 righteous zeal inspired The band and head that penned and planned them; For all who understood admired. And some who did not understand them. "-He. writes too, in a quiet way, Small treatises and smaller verses ; And says, rema a son ohaK and clay, And hints to noble Lords and nurses i True histories of last year's ghost, I am to a single, or a turban; And tries for the Air ning Foal, And nothing for Sylvanus Urban. -He did not think all mischief figure Although he had a knack of joking ; he did not make himself 11 bear. Although he had a taste for smoking 1 _'¡7ií¡ what religious see s run mad, He held, in fits of di 1rs learning, That if a paris belief a bad, 1'. will not be m, moved by burning. Anil he was kind, and loved to sit in the low but or granted cottage, And praise the former's homely wit, And share the widow's homelier cottage : At his approach complaint green mt 6d ; And when his hand under and the sitting, The cLammy lips of Peter smiled The welcome, which they could not utter, He always had a tale for me Of Julius Caesar, or obscenity ; From him I learn'd the rule of three, Cat's cr sale, leap-frog. and Quat genus : -1 used to sing his powdered wig, To steal the staff be put such trust in And make the puppy dances jig When he began to quote Augustin. Abck the change 1 in vain I look For haunts in which my boyhood trifled ¡ the level lawn, the tricking brook, The trees 1 climbed, the beds rifled The church is larger than before ; You reach it by a marriage entry ; It holds three hundred people more And pews are fitted up for gentry. Sit in the Vicar's seal : you'll bear The dot true of a seemly Jobuian, Wmse him 1 is white, whose tone is clear, and hose phrase is very Ciceronian. Where is this old man laid look down, Anti construct the slab before you, efficacy GUL1I-LMUS BROWN, Vir nulli now demands Laura. 