MISCELLANEOUS. THE NUMBER SEVEN.-Seven is composed of the two perfect numbers, equal and unequal, three and four ; for the number two consisting of repeated unity, which is no member, is not perfect. It com- prehends the primary numerical triangle, or time, and square, or quartile ; conjunctions considered by tho favourers of planetary influence, as of the most benign aspect. In six days creation was perfected, on the seventh day of the seventh month, a holy observance was ordained to the children of Israel, who feasted seven days, and remained seven days in tents. The seventh year was directed to be a sab- bath of rest of all things ; and at the end of seven times seven years commenced the grand jubilee. Every seventh year the land lay fallow ; every seventh year there was a general release from all debts, and al h bondsmen were set free ; from this law may have originated the custom of binding young men to seven years' apprenticeship, and of punishing incorrigible offenders by transportation for seven, of twice seven, or three times seven years ; every seventh year the law was directed to lie read to the people. Jacob served seven years for the possession of Rachel, and also other seven years. Noah had seven days warning of the flood, and was commanded to take the fowls of the air into the ark by sevens, and the clean beasts by sevens. The ark touched ground in the seventh month and in seven days a dove was sent out, and again in seven days after. The seven years of plenty, and the seven years of famine were foretold in Pharoah's dream by the seven fat and the seven lean beasts, and the seven ears of full and the seven ears of blasted corn. Nebuchadnezzar was seven years a beast ; and the fiery furnace was heated seven times hotter to receive Shadrac, Meshac, and Abednego. A man defiled was by the Mosaic law unclean seven days ; the young of both animals were to remain with the dam seven days, and at the close of the seventh day to be taken away. By the old law man was commanded to forgive his offending bro. ther seven times ; but the meekness of the revealed religion extended hishumility to seventy times seven. "If Cain shall be avenged seven-fold, truly Lamech seventy times seven." In the destruction of Jeri- cho, seven priests had seven trumpets seven days, and on the seventh day they surrounded the walls seven times, and after the seventh time the walls fell. Balaam prepared seven rams for a sacrifice : and seven of Saul's sons were hanged to stay a famine. Laban pursued Jacob seven day's journey. Job's friends sat with him seven days and seven nights, and offered seven bullocks and seven rams as an atonement for their wickedness. In the seventh year of his reign, King Ahasuerus feasted seven days ; and in the seventh directed his seven cham- berlains to find a Queen, who was allowed seven maids to attend her. Mirizian was cleansed of her leprosy by being shut up seven days. Solomon was seven years in building the Temple, at the dedication of which he feasted seven days. In the tabernacle were seven lamps ; seven days were ap- pointed for an atonement upon the altar, and the priest's son was ordained to wear his father's gar- ment seven days. Abraham gave seven ewe lambs to Abimelech, as a memorial for a well ; and Joseph mourned seven days for Jacob. The rabbins say that God employed the power of this number to perfect the greatness of Samuel ; his name answer- ing the value of the letters in tho Hebrew word which signify seven ; whence Hannah, his mother, in her thanks said-" That the barren had brought forth seven." In scripture are enumerated seven re. j surrections. The widow's son, by Elias; the Shuna- mite's son, byElisha; the soldier who touched the bones of the Prophet; the daughter of the ruler of the synagogue ; the widow's son of Nain ; Laza- rus, and our blessed Saviour. The Apostles, chose seven deacons ¡ Enoch who was translated, was the seventh from Adam ; and Jesus Christ the seventy-seventh in a direct line. Our blessed Savi- our spoke seventy times on the cross, on which he was seven hours ; he appeared seven times, and after seven times seven daj'S he sent the Holy Ghost. Hippocrates says, thut the septenary num- ber, by its occult virtues, tends to the accomplish- ment of all things : to be the dispenser of life and fountain of all changes, and, like Shakspeatc, he divides the life of man into seven ages. For as the moon changes her phases every seven days, this number influences all sublunary beings. In seven months a child may be born and live and anciently it was not named before seven days, not being counted fully to have life before that periodical duty. The teeth spring out in the seventh month, and are shed and renewed in the seventh year, when infancy is changed into childhood ; at twice seven ripeness of age, at thrice seven years the faculties are developed, manhood commences and we become legally competent to civil acts ; at four times seven man is at the full possession of his strength ; at five times seven he is fit for the busi- ness of the world ; at six times seven he becomes grave and wise, (or never ;) at seven times seven ne is at his apogee, and from that time decays ; at eight times seven he is in his first climatric ; at nine times seven, he is in his grand climatric, or year of danger : and ten times seven, or three score years and ten, has by the Royal Prophet been pronounced the natural period of human life.-"May we so number our days, that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom." EFFECTS OF IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT._The following dreadful narrative of the sufferings of a poor man and his wretched family, is worth a vo- lume of elaborate discussion on tho inhuman Im- prisonment for Debt Law. An inquest was held before Mr. Wakley, at the Black Horse, Queen. street, Seven-dials, on the body of a man named Robert Hughes Summers, aged 51, who was found dead in his bed, on the morning of the 9th instant, at his lodgings. No. 6, in tho same street. The deceased, an Irishman, was a day labourer, of sober habits, married, with a family of eight children, all of tender age, and depending upon him for sup- port. Deceased was employed to work on the roads at Holloway, receiving for his six dajs' la- bour 14s. About three months ago he was con- signed to Whiteeross-street prison by his landlord, for £2 rent owing, which the latter, although offered by deceased 2s. a-week till the debt was paid, refused to take. In the above- named prison, deceased went through all the penalties of such a place, invariably sending the meat there allowed him home to his starving wife and children. The miserable woman applied to the parish for relief; but she was given to understand that unless she consented to give up her liberty by going into the workhouse and be separated from her family, the ; parochial authorities would have nothing to do wjth her. This demand she hesitated to comply with, expecting daily her husband's release. The charity of her sister-in-law was then drawn upon, and here the unbounded generosity of the Irish character in the intercourse of relations was called into action. The sister, Matilda Strakey, the wife of a journeyman tailor with six children, living at No. 25, Queen-street, devoted part of her earnings, and pledged her own clothes to assist in procuring food for her unfortunate relations. The debt of the deceased was increased from £2 to £7 by the costs of the landlord's attorney. Of course the deceased was entirely beyond the reach of paying the money, but the Thatched House Society being made acquainted with the case, paid the £2, and obtained his discharge. The imprisonment and total wreck of the domestic comforts of the unfor- tunate deceased, and the sight of his starving, im- poverished, and naked wife and children, on re- turning to his stripped home, as the witness said in evidence, " broke his heart." He, however, imme- diately on leaving the prison returned to his work, having to go backwards and forwards from St, Giles's in the most infirm state of health, some- times returning wet through to the skin, without a single article of apparel wherewith to change, and the only food he could afford himself was, morning and evening, a cup of weak chocolate and some dry bread. On Tuesday week last he had nothing to eat, and in the midst of all his misery he died in the night by the side of his wife. The evidence of the sister-in-law was given without the slightest effort on her part to force into notice any one of the facts (so honourable to herself and distressing in its details) upon the attention of the jury. Hav- ing viewed the body, tho Coroner remarked that he never saw such a scene of misery as the apart, ment they had just witnessed exhibited. The jury were also greatly affected at the recital and spec- tucle which had been presented to them, and re- turned a verdict of " Natural death," accelerated, they believed, by the imprisonment and privations he had undergone. They then raised a subscription of a shilling each to relieve the immediate neces- sities of the family, to which the Coroner liberally added £1 10s. The widow of the deceased, a re- spectable-lookingbut evidently half-starved woman, was then sent for into the room, and the amount was placed in her hands. She was most grateful for the timely relief thus afforded her, and the jury expressed themselves satisfied, from the cha- racter they had ascertained she bore, that she would make a judicious use of the money given to her. The Coroner and Jury coincided in the hope that the dreadful distresses of this family would reach tho notice of a humane and generous public. SUCCESS OF TnE MATRIMONIAL ADVERTISEMENT. -The following account of the success of the Baron Van Halberg's matrimonial advertisement has ap- peared in the German Journals :-" It will be re- collected that, two months ago, this bold Baron Van Halberg do Broech, applied, through the Eu- ropean press, for a wife, giving in lively terms, a description of himself, and enumerating with great delicacy, the graces and virtues with which she whom he sought must be endowed. This step of the rather eccentric Baron has ledto the most happy results. He has, without ajoke, met with a perfect woman. With his conscientious punctuality and delicacy he is now preparing, with his mind at rest, a circular letter to those condescending young ladies who have offered to surrender to him their hands and hearts, and all their charms, amounting to no fewer than 749. The gallant gentleman, who is repairing his ancient castle to receive the Queen of the Tourney, deeply regrets that the terms of his own letter and his innate sense of delicacy will not allow him to publish the 749 letters he has received. Some of them, he says, are so beautifully composed, that if exposed to the light of day they would in one week extinguish by their brilliancy the celebra- ted correspondence of Mme. de Sevigne, and render it stale, and unprofitable. The most spirituelle, he says, as might be expected, came from France. There are 27 from actresses, singers, and'danccrs ; 101 from grisettes, conturieres, enlumineuses, and modistes ; 53 from duchesses, countesses, and mar- chionesses ; 329 from Parisian literary ladies, whose names are always mentioned in a whisper. The honourable and discreet baron, however, to prevent the possibility of his yielding to temptation, has announced through the press that he has burnt all these perfumed missives. The letter he is prepar- ing will be his adieu to the press and the public. Henceforth he declares he no longer belongs to the world, but is devoted to the treasure of beauty which the " Wheel of Fortune has brought to him." EXTREME OLD AGE.-The register of burials at Denmark-hill, Camberwell, contains the following entries :-" May 5th, 1658, Rose, wife of William Hathaway, buried, aged 103, who bore a son at the age of 63. Her husband, who was about the same age, survived her three years, being buried 3rd October, 1661, aged 105. 2nd June, 1687, Robert Hern and Elizabeth Bozwell, King and Queen of the Gipsies. 22ndNovember, l775,Elizabeth Jones, aged 125." A few months before the death of the latter, an account of her was published, in which it was stated that she was then in the perfect posses- sion of her faculties, and that she remembered being at service when Charles II. was crowned. Lusus NATURE_There is now in the posses- sion of Mr. Austin, landlord of the St. George's Tavern, Lambeth-road, an extraordinary specimen of Nature's freaks in the animal creation, It con- sists of two perfect lambs, the union of which is even more complete and indissoluble than that of the celebrated Siamese twins. These strangely combined animals were yeaned last season on Mr. Harrison's farm, near Bury St. Edmund's, and lived six hours after birth. One skin covered both, the bodies being incorporated ; and, except that the outer hind and fore legs rise perpendi- cularly from the quarters, the animals are in all other respects perfectly formed. It is worthy of remark, that they are not only of different genders, but belong to different species of breed, one being a South Down, the other a Leicester. Of the latter fact, the peculiar shape of the head, together with the distinguishing marks on the legs, afford irrefragable evidence. This singular prodigy has been examined by several scientific gentlemen, and by all pronounced unique. CONSTITUENCY OF GREAT BRITAIN.-The num- ber of electors on the various registers of Great Britain for the year 1839-40 was as follows, viz: England- Total number of county voters, 452,651 ; total number of borough voters, 319,189. Wales -County voters, 36,833 ; borough voters, 10,939; gross total number of electors in England and Wales, 819,012. In Scotland, the total number of county voters was 47,002 ; and that of borough voters, 35,G97 ; making altogether 82,699. Thus the gross constituency of Great Britain amounted, in 1839-40, to about 902,311. The gross total constituency of Ireland was, in 1839-40, 154,687 -equal to moro than one-sixth part of the consti- tuency of Great Britain, including England, Wales, and Scotland. THE ROYAL SPEECH (as concocted in the Royal Nursery).-My Lords, I am happy to inform you I continue to receive from Mess-dames Packer and Clark, my wet and dry nurses, the most perfect assurances of love and affection for the Princess Royal. It gives me pleasure to inform you, that notwithstanding the high price of sugar, I have been enabled to meet the expense of caudle and pap without a new grant. I rejoice to say that my first Minister is extremely comfortable in his apartments in the Devil's Tower, and highly satisfied with the fare I daily provide for him. It will be for you, my lords, to decide whether his private residence in South-street, could not be converted into a Go- vernment office, and Brocket Hall into a union bastile, and the proceeds placed to the credit of the country. Fifty-guinea Poll is rapidly conquering the most difficult parts of our language, and the Prince has likewise made considerable progress in the English tongue. My favourite horse has dis- played such astonishing knowledge, that he has fully proved himself worthy of a stall, and my monkeys have played so many tricks that they fully bear out the assertion, that you, my lords, and the rest of mankind, are mere monkeys without tails. GENTLEMEN OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.-It gives me pleasure to know the tea- dealers have, by anticipating a rupture with China, made it matter of indifference as to what became of the Celestial empire, they being able to supply my subjects with tea gathered from our trees and hedges. Rest assured, Gentlemen, Father Mathew has no disci- pies in the Royal nursery ; the premier nurses of the British empire will 'stand by their order,' and maintain the supremacy of brown stout and old Tom. MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN.-I am happy to inform you that I am quite recovered from the shock occasioned by my sitting on 'chummy' Jones, in my dressing-room ; but I trust, my lords and gentlemen, that you will lose no time in making it known to seamps, vagrants, and others whom it may concern, that my Palace must not be copverted into a refuge for the destitute. The Prince is daily re- ceiving lectures on law, from Mr. Selwyn, and cur- tain lectures from me. It is, my lords and gentle- men, with feelings of pride and satisfaction that I can inform you I have not the least cause to regret the choice I have made ; I only wish every married woman in my empire had drawn so capital a prize in the matrimonial lottery. I most sincerely hope your time will not be wasted in much fighting for the possession of Downing Street, nor endeavour to rival the Prince's parrot in jumping Jim Crow. 