THEY!-A GRAMMATICAL FANCY. -a (y Robert Chambers, Author of the "History of the Scottish Rebellions," &o.;) Before saying a word upon the subject, I must make an apology similar to that presented by honest Andro Symson, episcopal minister of a Galloway parish, before the revolution, when, in singing the praises of Sir David Dunbar of Baldoou, he says, his mute '-gainst Priscian avrc. He, iHE ALONE, terre ray prishloners. As good Andro's congregation of one required to be spoken of in the plural, so do my friends THEY need to be ment!oned as only singular. The truth is, THEY is a collective ideality, a most potent plural unit, who does a great many remarkable things in the world, without ever being called to account for them, and without anybody knowing very distinctly who or what he is. I venture to say, that hardly a subject of his Majesty does not, day by day, refer events and deeds to the agency of iTHEr, and yet never has presumed, to this blessed hour, to consider who this mysterious personage-this great unknown -this finer spirit than Ariel-can be. In very truth, he is a most impalpable being, and susceptible of a wonderful variety of shapes. Thereis no height of greatness, and no depth of degradation, vwhich he may not arrive at. Sometimes, one would suppose that he is the government itself-sometimes only a town council. One of Trair's employments is the disposal of criminals. " Are 'anTEY going to hang this fellow 1" one man will ask another. "' Perhaps rTHEY will only banish him," is the probable answer. If the culprit be not decently and humanely hanged, the people get dreadfully enraged at l7n?I, and look as if they would almost tear his eyes out. TitEY also has a great deal to do in public works. " Why did Trrery make the road so crooked ?" " TilEY have put up a very absurd set of lamps, I see." " What. in wonder's name, do TIcEY mean by building a temple up th'ere like a boy's peerie, or an hour-glass?" TsvYr sometimes gets praise for his exertions in this 'line, but oftener blame. Then THEY is thie author of all kinds of rumours and surmises. " They say -what say they-let them say I" is an inscription on a wall within Aberdeen cathedral, four bundred years old ; and I do not doubt that THiEY would have given currency to scandals regarding the mother of mankind herself, in Paradise, if there had been any other lady to tell them to; or if T?iEY had then existed. Old newspapers say, "TriEY write from St. Petersburg that the Empress Catharine is about to fit out an armament for the Caspian." " TiEY talk at Rome of a change of councils in the Vatican." Modern quidnuncs are also filled to the brim with things which THnEi has been circulating. "TiEY are now making out Lord - to be non compos." " Tnsy will have a marriage to be on the tapis be. tween So ANo so and So AND so ;" personages, by the way, who claim a sort of kindred with TIiEY, and certainly are of imagination all compact. THtEY is sometimes admired for his power, sometimes blamed for 'his stinginess. " THEY, used to write capital solid books long ago." " THEY used Burns very ill when he was alive." It certainly was bad of THEY to treat Burns so scurvily; but unfortunately the fellow is so utterly impersonal that we blame without knowing what we are doing. THEY has a great deal to do with the naming of things. He may be called, in arithmetical language, the Grand Denominator. Indeed, I do not believe that Adam himself named more things than THEY. '" What do THEY call this place?" one will ask a 'coachman, on nearing a town, village, or gentleman's seat. " THEY call it Ashbourne," or whatever else, is the reply. " What do THEY call yel" is the ordinary question of a rustic boy to his unknown com. panion, and so forth. Ttsev is also the grand censor of all things which happen in the world. "I will not do this, for what would THEY say of me?" is a common expression when a man hesitates upon some equivocal step. He may be convinced, from irrefra gable data, of the propriety of what he contemplates ; but then he could not convince THEY of it, and, of course, in these circumstances, he must let the scheme drop. TitEY thus prevents many things that would be bad, many things that would be only strange, and many things that would certainly be good, if he could be convinced of it. A most uncompromising fellow is this THEY I He knows very well that he cannot enter into another man's bosom, to see all the various reasons and tendencies which lead him towards the thing he aims at ; but nevertheless, pre suming that he is quite omniscient, or at least fully as well acquainted with every other particular man's business as his own, he never hesitates to give a decided contradiction to any proposal lie is not, ex facie, pleased with. Many are the good original schemes which THEY Ilas spoilt, from a hasty con clusion without premises. THtEy, also, amidst all his multitudinous and most Protean varieties of character, is a general scapegoat for all the mischief he hlas done in a household. '"I see user have cracked that decanter." " TuEr hIave at last made an end of the globe in the lobby;" or, as I once heard said by the lady of a hIouse cursed withll a breaking woman servant-" I declare Trniev have broken the very kitchen poker I" Such are a few of the doings of Trier inh is household capacity; and it must be owned that, in this light, he is very great, and often comes aboveboard. The grandest aspect, however, in whlich TvEY ever appears is when ire stands up es a representative of the government of the country. " 'l'is' are going, I see, to bring us into war with France." " THiEY intend, it seems, to resume cash payments at the bank." No matter whether the affair refers to privilege or prerogative; rno matter for the claims of thie particular ofhcer under whose hands it ought to fall; King, Lords, Commons, T'reasury, Admirolly, and Horse Guards, all melt, like mixed colours, into the single white light of itruv ! Things may be different under tite reforms bill; but, heretofornre, there has hardly been any precise government but Taler. "'iuY crowns the king, signs the orders of council, passes all bills through tite legislature that will go through, fits out armies and rigs fleets, makes war and concludes peace, is church and state, Swing and the press. T''as is a being of past history, antd of present ex istence; a tyrant, or the people. Titer is the great ruling pronoun of the world I CtIlutctl Musinc.-It is in religious ceremonies, if well performed, that music appears in her grandest and most commanding character. Sie asuists in imparting those feelintgs of pure religion which form so acceptable an offering to the deity ; and her melting harmony penetrates the heart, and bends the haughty spirit to contrition. This waS tithe effect formerly produced by her powers ; and even to this day, in the Roman church, the beauty and solemnity of the music produce wonderful effects on the mind, and contribute towards the enthusiastic feelings of the devout. Throughout Europe the greatest mantess of their day have proudly contri. buted their talents by composing Stabat Mlatrcrs, AliJereres, and Motels for the Catholic churches, and the heads of the musical department have shown their judgment in adhering to the most effective pieces. But this has not been the case in the Pro. testant church, where the exquisite psalms of David, which admit of such fine scope for the imagination of the composer, are as badly arranged as they are ill sung. Some psalms and anlhems, which ale rarely,, if ever, performed, are deserving of tile highest commendation, but, take the aggregate, and they are very far below mediocrity. T'ho Evangelical dissenters fall into an opposite extreme, for their hymns are anything but dull, and often breatlhe too much of amatory feeling for so holy a place. I heard of a clerk who, to please his minister's pre. dilection for a particular tune, selected for it a psalm which, in his opinion, was exactly the thing; but, unfortunately, the last line of the verse, " I am a poor polluted worm," was obliged to be repeated three times to make out tite melody, and was sung in the following ludicrous mtanner:-" I am a poor poll, I am a poor poll, I am a poor poll-houted worm."-Nathan's llusurgin. HIGHLAND MUSic.-Thoe Pibroch, though various and desultory in its movements, seems inspired with such fury and enthusiasm, that we are irresistibly infected with all tie rage of ple cipitate courage, notwithstandlirg the rudeness of the accent by which it is kindled. 'IThese wild effusions of natural melody, which were played Iefore tile chieftains in imitation of the battles wh:ch they fought, or in lamentations for the catastrophies of war and ilte extinction of families, are terrible and mournful in a very high degree. At the battle of Quebec, in 1760, while the British troops were retreating in great disorder, the general complained to a field oflicer in Frazer's regiment of the bad behaviour of his corps : " Sir," said lie, with some warmlth, "you did very wrong in forbidding tile pipes to play this morning; nothing encourages the highlanders so much in the day of action ; nay, even now they would be of use." " Let them blow like the devil, then," replied the general, "if it will bring back the men." The pipes were then ordered to play a favorite martial air; and tile highlanders, the moment they heard the music, returned and formed with alacrity in the rear.-Nathan's t tMusur gia. PowER or Music.-I had devoted the News Year's Day of 1810 to the family of W. Sprakeling, Esq., of whom to speak as their supe rior endowments merit might seem fulsome; but the remembrance of those happy hours of mental luxury must always remain engraven on my heart. W'e had all assembled in tile old wainscotted parlour of Restoration House, Rochester (formerly a palace of Queen Elizabeth), determined to enjoy the convi viality of the season ; and I believe a more jocund party seldom met. At the request of Mrs. Sprake ling I commenced singing " Ilhe Vision of Bel. shazzar," from the Hebrew Mlelodies. As I pto ceeded Lieutenant Bovill became much agitated; at the conclusion of the melody lie fell into strong hysterics; and so powerfully was he affected that several hours after, on the subject being alluded to, lie turned pale, and looked so distressed that we were apprehensive of a relopse.-When arranging the second number of Hebrew Melodies 1 ued fre quently to sit at the pianoforte with an infant on my lap scarcely six months old. One air, which I was adapling to " Herod's Lament for Mariamne," ilisa. riably caught his attention. The instant I began he would throw himself back on my arm, fix his eyes with melancholy expression on my face, and sigh as profoundly as if Ihe understood every note and word. So extraordinary was the sensibility of his look and manner, while listening to that particular strain, that tears have risen to the eyes of the engraver and printers, whio,while waiting for their work, witnessed so remaskable an ins'ance of the effect produced by music on so young a child.-When residing at Kingsdown I was in the habit of giving musical parties every foitnight', and generally composed a song for the occasion. I had selected those beau tiful lines of Lord Byron, " As o'er the cold sepul chral stone." The music, as characteristic of the words, is plaintive. When my pupil (Mliss Evans, of Bristol, a young lady of promising talent,) had finished singing the song I perceived the regards of the company attracted towards my little boy (then under four years of age), who was standing by the pianoforte, with his eyes fixed on the singer, and in the attitude of absorbed and wrapped attention. From being naturally florid he became pale as ashes, while tears ran in quick (though silent) succession down his face; and so deeply had the music im pressed him that it was not till after the performance of several lively airs that he recovered his usual cheerfulness.-AKathan's Musurgia. PHRENOLOGY, &C.;, IN THE THIR TEENTH CENTURY.-The following extracts from St. Bonaventure are curious:-" The disposition of the parts of the human body present numerous va rieties, which, when interpreted by art, seem to cor respond with different dispositions of tihe mind. Our masters in this art of interpretation are Aristotle, Avicennes. Constantine, Palemon, Loxus, Pale. moteus. We will follow in their train." lie thean enters into details, from which we select only a few lines:-" A very large head is an ordinary sign of stupidity; a very small one betrays the absence of judgment and memory. A head flat and sunk in the crown shows fickleness of heart and mind; when elongated, after the manner of a hammer, it has all the signs of foresight and circumspection. A narrow forehead reseals an indocile mind and unruly ap petites; a too wide one would mark want of discern. ment. If it be square and of just dimensions, it has been stamped with the seal of wisdom, atd perhaps of talent." Hle thitus concludes: "In general, when all the parts of the body preserve their natural proportions, and there reigns among themn a petfect harmony of form, measure, colour, situation, motion, we may be allowed a no less happy dispo sition or arrangement; a contrary disposition of ithe members leads us easily to suspect equal disorder in the understanding and will. \We may say also with Plato, that our featuraes are often like those of sonme animal, whose mode of acting and Itabits our conduct will often resemble. But (thle words ale remnark able), above all we must bear in mind, that exterior forms do not necessarily mark tile interior characters which correspond to tlhem--whlile itley betray tile bent, they cannot destroy the liberty of tihe soul. Furthermore, these marks are mnerely conjectural, and sometimes uncertain, so that to judge hastily would be rash. For tile nialk or index may be purely accidental; and, if it be the work of nature, the inclination which it represents, may yield to tile ascendancy of an opposite habit, or may be restrained by the directing bridle of reason." THE REV. R. MACKLIN AND THE DERBY SAINTS.-We hear that two Sundays ago the Rev. tlr. llacklin preached a furious sermon at Derby, against the Queen, the ministry, the devil, and the Pope. Tie rev. gentlemen exhorted his congregation to pray for their minister, that assis tance might be granted him to pray that this country might be delivered from the wicked people who con stituted the Queen's court. Lord Byron (one of the aforesaid wickeds) happened to be present, and appeared much flattered with this raving portraiture of himself, his royal mistress, and his friends. There was a meeting of clergy the other day about establishing a general cemetery at Derby. The Rev. Mr. Howard objected to church people and dissenters being buried within the same inclosure, though in separate ground appropriated for each. Another divine thought the dead might lie still if there was a sufficient fence between churchmen and dissenters; but, whereas one thought a gravel walk an unobjectionable division, attother considered an iron fence necessary to preserve the peace, and ansother declared that nothling short of a hIigh wall would suit him. 'IThe nmeetlng was adjourned to consider thllese charitable notions; and at its next assembling one may perhaps learn what rampart is fully adequate to prevent the disembodied spirits of the departed from clashing together in spiritual war fare alter death, and fighting their battles of ortho. doxy and heterodoxy, to tie damage of the church establishment and disturbance of uncontroversial ghosts.--Drrbyshire Chronicle. By a parliamentary return it appuears, that, out of two hundred and twenty-seven rewards offered by government and the police during the last four years, only thirteen have been claimed. TsIIS EFFECTS.OF StPIRITS UPON THE Srlastcrt,-'l'he stomach is a hollow pouch, some what resembling a bagpipe in form, capable of containing from about a pint and a half to two pints of fluid. It is, in common with the intestinal canal, lined with a very delicate and exquis tely sensitive membrane. ''his, membrane, to use the phrase of a popular writer, " is no thicker than gold leaf;" and it is well known that a leaf of gold can scarcely be touched without destroying, or at least injuring it. In like manner, the stomach is readily inconvenienced by having any thing Irought into contact with it that is of deleterious tendency; a kind provision of nature in order that mankiud may not err in their choice of alimentt Now, in the healthy state, the blood vessels that ramify through every part of thi stomach are so small as scarcely to be discernible to the naked eye, except here and there, where a feint line may he traced branching off in various directions, indicating that it is supplied with the necessary quantity of blood for organisation. But, almost immediately after spirits have been drunk, a great change is produced ; and the chan nels that heretofore were invisible, on account of their minuteness, become so turgid with blood, as not only to be prominent and perceptible to the naked eye, but to present almost the appearance of a red patchwork of vessels. This is occasioned by the debilitating eifct which is produced upon the returning vessels of the part, through diminished nervous energy, and by the increased violence with which tilhe blood is driven through the arteries gene rally from the absorption of the spirit-causing it to distend tile weakened coats of the vessels of the stomach which the sapirit has temporarily paralysed. Thiat such an effect is absolutely produced upon the stomach is evident, not only from the train of symp toms to which it gives rise, but from the appearances which have been witnessed after death. Such a condition must, of course, more or less, prevent the secretion of gastric juice, and therefore materially interfere with the digestive process. The contrast whlich exists between the smooth, glistening, and almost semi-transparent appearance that marks the heahlty stomach, and the fiery aspect which is quickly kindled up through the action and influence of diffusille stimuli, is great indeed ! Such an ilnjected state of vessels is reckoned among the cha. racteristic phenomena of inflammation; and inflam mation is not unlrequently the actual result of a draught of raw spirits. But the delicate membrane undergoes a strange alteration in the habitual dratm drinker. It not only becomes temporarily injected by the contact of spirits, but it seems gradually to acquire a permanent turgessence of vessels. Hence arises that unpleasant nausea and excitability of the stomach which are experienced each morning ere the wonted potation is resorted to. Those who have been in the habit of indulging in spirituous liquors can bear ample testimony to this fact. 'They can speak in cogent terms of the great inconvenience they experience in the morning after the night's debauch. They can tell of the uneasy sensations with which the stomach is oppressed, the heavy load and the overpowering nausea under which it labours, and the frequent but useless efforts it makes to relieve itself. PROGRESS OF CATIIOLICISM. - A cheering proof of the happy progress which our holy religion is making in this metropolis, was afforded on Sunday, the 13th instant, in the fact of there being upwards of forty converts amongst those who were confirmed on that day at St. Mary's, Moor fields.--Orthdios Journal. LITrtATURtE. -'Tlhere is great em ployment at present in England for men of acknow ledged taste and genius in the editorship of our classic authors. Campbell, Southey, Barry Cornwall, andl Mr. 'l'alfourd, have each consented, at the instigation of publishers, to prepare new editions of favorite authors. Leigh Hunt is likewise occupied in a similar way. FRANCE.-PARIS, Nov. 15.--The Archbishop of Lyons and his clergy, and indeed the whole clergy of the south, have presented an exam pile of the most heroic charity since the commence ment of the fatal and destructive innn:lations on the Shone and Rhhone. Thie archbishop has published appeals on behalf of the unfortunate sufferers, and watches over them with the care of a father or a brother. The vicats and curates visit them, and bring them assistance arnd consolation. T'he zeal which they have exhibited on this melancholy occa sion gives them a powerful claim to the gratitude and affection of the people, and by placing them, as ministers of religion, in such a light before the pub lie, must elff-ctually serve the cause of religion itself. IBut it is thius that in great public calamities the Catholic priesthood has ever acted; it is thus that the misfortunes of tihe poor mani have ever called forth their pious energies, and there is but little necessity to remind thile people of Ireland of the fact. In Lyons the archiepiscopal palace has become the home of the houseless and of the destitute, who have been rendered such by the unforeseen and insur mountable violence of the elements; and in the centre of the city some of tire priests may be seen going about the streets with a little cartload of bread, for the purpose of administering relief to the poor. Last week was decided before the correctional tribunal of Bruges, a case which excited very con. siderable interest. An action for libel was brought against the editor of a newspaper, for accusing the nuns of the order of the " Good Shepherd" of bar barous cruelty towards the unfortunate creatures for whom their establishment was opened as an asylum. 'lThe accusations of the journal were proved to be perfectly false and unfounded, and the editor was condemned to pay a fine of 2000 francs, and undergo a severe Imprisonment. MUSICAL RATS.--At my late residence in Alfred-place, Kingsdown, where neither rat nor mouse had ever been seen, to my great annoyance, after I had been there.a short time, my apartment became completely beset by thenm; and so impudent were these little animals that (notwithstanding my cat and trap did infiniteexrcution daily) they would deliberately make their entr6, with as much inde pendent nonchalance as if invited. I at length became so disgusted at the sight and smrell that 1 left the house; and, after having been assured that no mice were ever seen or heard at Vincent-place, D)urdhlam Down, I fixed my berth there; but, alasl like thie ipoor Frenchman, I was doomed to be an nqoyed, for 1 had scarcely been there a week before, to my astonishment and chagrin, " Monsieur Tonson came again;" in short, thie little wretches, as usual, did ample justice to my bread and cheese. My nest door neighbour, the respectable widow of an officer in thie army, often expressed her surprise that we should be thie only family who were ever plagued by mice, and she has since written to say that nit a mourse visited the house after we left it. In fact, music was the charm that enticed them; it was the constant singing and performing on the piano-forte that proved the magnet of attraction. Bonnet, in hIis history of music, says that an officer, being shut up it the 8astile, had his flute allowed him ; upon which, after playing awhile, the mice came issuing fromu their holes, and thie spiders, suspending them. selves by their threads, assembled round himr to enjoy his melody. Sir John Hawkins gives an extra ordinary anecdote of a simnilar circumstance. 'I'The Abbd Olivet also describes tile taming of a spider by the sound of a bagpipe.-NrMthan's dltlsurgia. T'InU POLITN ESS.-Poolitoness it a just medium between formality and rudeness; it is, tn fact, good nature regulated by quick discernment, whichl proportions itsell to every situation and every character; it is a restraint, lard bIy reason and be nevolence, on every irregularity of temper, appetite, end p:assion. It accommodates itself tor the farntastic laws of custom and fashion, as long as they are not inrronsistent with the higher obligations of virtueo and religion. T''o give efdcacy and grace to polite ness, it must be accompanied with some degree of taste as well as delicacy; and, although its foundation must be rooted in thie heart, it is not perfect without a knowledge of the world. In society it is the hIappy medium which blends the most discordant natures; it imposes silence on the loquacious, and iucisnes the most reserved to furnish their share of conversation ; it represses the despica ble but comnmon ambition of being tihe most prominent characler in the scene; it increases thie general de sire of being mutually agreeable; takes off the offensive edge of raillery, and gives delicacy to wit; its preserves subordination, and reconciles ease with propriety ; like other valuable qualities, it is best estimated when it is absent. No greatness can awe it into servility, no intimacy sink it into coarse fa miliasity; to superiors, it is respectful freedom; to inferiors, it is assuming good nature; to equals, everything that is charming; studying, anticipating, and attending to all things, yet at the same time apparently disengaged and careless. Such is true politeoess, by people of wrong heads and unworthy hearts disgraced in its two extremes, and by the geoserality of mankind confined within thie narrow bounds of good breeding, which is only one branch of it.-Lonnger'r C'toson* Pluace Bt0. MUSICAL ANIMALS.- " Being in the country one day I had a mind to see whether beasts, as it is commonly said of them, take pleasure in music. Whilst my companion was playing upon an instrument I considered attentively a cat, a dog, a horse, an ass, a hind, some cows, some little birds, and a cock and hens, which were in the court below the window where we stood. The cat paid no regard to the music, and, to judge by his physiog. nomny, he would have given all the symphonies in tihe world for one mouse-ho stretched himself out in the sun, and went to sleep ; the horse stopped short before the window, and as he was grazing raised his head from time to time ; the dog sat him down on his hind legs, like a monkey, lixing his eyes steadfastly on the musician, and continued a long tine in the same posture, with the air and attitude of a connoisseur ; the ass took no notice at all of us, munching his thistles very demurely ; the hind set up her large broad ears, and seemed very attentive ; the cows gave us a look, and then marched off; the little birds in a cage, and in the trees, strained their throats, and sang with the utmost eagerness; whilst tile cock minded nothing but the lihns, and the liens busied themselves in scratching the dunghill.-A ison, quoted in Nathan's tntraurgia. T''hll Augsburg Gazotto states the losses consequent on the iinundations in the provinces have engaged the attention of a committee of the chambers. The King has presented the minister of commerce with 100,000 francs out of the civil list to be distributed to the sufferers ; and the heads of the royal f.munily have also contribuied to the fund. 