TIJK hXl'K UA0KS. tl'UOM OUK SI'UllTINd rOUUIS'il'UMUKN'r.i . Tbu Huuiebush Kaces uru over, and the |ilca suro we durlved from tlici two dtiys* iiruuccdtngi* was not superior to tlmt witli which wu record thcli*. Kiidwuufiii Ihou. \Vi- view lhii linneilts rcsultln(f from this well organized cstabllshtnunt nut merely as respects tho interests of tho Turf, but as closely 'Identified with the general be hoof of the colony. Thu sporting- circles de scribe a much wider aren, than, at a superficial 'glance, may be Imagined'. Thence wo vlew( with great satisfaction, the dlsposltlon'to estab lish races throughout tho colony. So long as the several races arc undur good niauagoment, (and the existanco of accurate huad-quarteirs will go far to effect this), tho more the better. In this matter, an hi all others, emulation U.tha key ..stone .of.cxceilcncu, and of the general ad vancement' of that particular art or science, in which such emulation Is oxei-dscd. Our l'arru matta friends it secni», actuuted by this praise, worthy ft-cilripf, arc about to enter the fluid, and try what ? stand th«y wm inake in the sporting: calendar. We understand thatigond sport inay be expected. Huiri;rer, we oursclve-i cannot bfCur any bplnioh on the point. We'hi'ive merely to say that ;.wu 'desire to see an ihouourable spirit of- emiilatioH, and therefore hl-artily1 wiMrsuc eess to thu '.Parramiitonlnim.' , . In these n-*narli8, we are; perhaps1 off 'Ihu, cfjurso soineuhat, ti\ift shall therefore strike into! the dlrcfct silbiwt Walter. Thursday ? opened with a very unpromising inornliifv, and 'con. tlnued' so, ' till long' after onu o'do'ek. Thu af temooU'.wos m'oru favourable, although through- 1 ont thokdny, the weather was' doubtful. Our| sporting friends, howuvcr, were too aiMent'tti be dererred by 'the ? trifling conslderatlpn'1 of- a prospective -ducking. '?The roads and vtlle-race ground'-vere thro»geil«t-a'very eariy'iperlod of the day. ? Ills Kxcullencj*' the (lovomorwas^lot present, but Sir 'Mftiirlee O'Cbnnell, Sir John Jamison, and several other leading- and influen tial gentlemen'' were there. The first race of the day, was for a Gold' Cup sahTtolic \vortli U-'lOO, and mi enclosure of onu hundred Sovereigns. . Jerry *Hneak added ano. thcr leaf to-his chaplct^winningboth'Tieatsvcry Cleverly ,'th'e latter partictila'Hy. Jerry has noiv cstabllshc'd ! himself as possessing in a'high de gree,' the true grand ?essentials, in running, speed, and stoutness. ' AVo suppose we are to take ortr k'avu vf rhim 'till August. 'Whilst on the subject of thin race, it mnj be us well to correct our former, report relatlvo to Stranger, having ; received information fromiHead Quar ters that he came in second. The second race was the llotnebush Stakes, of Ten Sovereigns, with Fifty morcatlded from the fund, which was 'won by Flirt. The firnt heat was ' du facto,' got by Kleauor, but it was adjudged by the. stewards to Zcphyrinc in mn sequunce of Eleanor crossing the race. A dis pute arose out -of this decision, but her onner has now wholly conceded the point. Some disappointment was occasioned in tho third race, owing to the .hurdles not bving up. It was therefore duteimined to make it a flat race. The eronnv of this contest was thus gone, but so ' far as the running went, nothing could be better contested. Frederick, rode by-Lieut. ' Chambre, won, but Ills competitors required him ' to play all lie knov.' ? It may lie criiifi '?'— «V said,;jhnf 'the skill and nianatri-mcnt nf the rl(lorf-.contrJi»«te(Kto't1ic victory, not less than the capabilities of tho horse. Mr Chambre has a -compact scat, -and -hs'an easy liuuiiMiihe rider. AVe-;anuot conclude Otrr noticn'orthese inter esting and highly satisfactory races, n-lthout acknowledging the valuable service.-, of the gen-: tlemen,* more linmcdiatly- engaged in institu ting, organising, and currying them into opera tion. There arc a feu* minor points in the' economy of'the matter,' which arc'&usc;'eptibleof amendment. .These, howover, will doubtless present . themselves 'to the proper -oflltffcrs, and will be corrected on the next occdsldn. The August races, we . confidently . anticipate, will present 'us with a meeting adequate to the highest expectations. -It was gratifying to see tho proceedings of both days, conducted with order and propriety in every respect. The unsuccessful.; sportsmen bore their disappoint ment with temper'and good feeling, relying on the ' Chapter of Accidents' -to 'bring them ' better 'luck next tlui-V Tho Turf may now be srtid'tb'W'i ''refog-' nhed' departmcnt'in Aitstrnllu, and being now fairly established, our sporting annals here after cannot but be ltonouritbleto tlie Colonists, I and Intcrcritlng to-the sporting world 'generally. We have all tho means and appliances for tak ing a' liigh stand in tin- racing calendar, and It -is to be hoped -that we shall -do so. At nil events, we make a good staff, as witness the rages to come, in Hha order In which they.are , down': ' ?? ?' Pagc(s nivcr, JJOfh inst., amd the two fol lowing days ; Ilathui-ftt, Slst Instant'; Wollongong, 13th April 1 ?rurramatta, 'SOtlrdltto-; Dnrllnton, 28th April; Ilrlngalla, 2i'trd June ; While other. towns and districts have the establishment of races under consideration. — Advance Australia. Burolahy. — Between two .niiil throe o'clock, nn Sunday morning lout, the family of Mr Blair, living 'in tliH cottage at the Steirm Flour Company's Mill, Was distmbt-d hy hearing a ncriso. Suspicion Vouseil Mr 13\. from his lied, who gtiHssing righlly the ciuisA, conri'nied liimseif in a iliiVk corner of his bed-room, nnd waited in fearful sus rifMisB for further demonstrations of nliirm. Presuntlv a slow and. cautious step was heaid. .Certain that thU was the npproncli of u iniduiKlit visitor, Mr U. alarmed, vm lesniutely bent on capturing the ofl'under, resolved on grappling with him nt nn in stant the must unexpected, It whs nil vlKnlile to.obsorvu this precaution. Tim room was dark, and no flickering \ay of light ftnrved its friuiullv aid to shew whe ther the man was armed or not with n wciipon. alike poised to attack or defend. Ho imo r«d him. mid then Mr 1). who is liiuisulf n portly jiorsoiingn, clam-d In a Htni|{-;l'i. Tin' coiidtet whs HVrcn. The midnight visitant wa*» tlm firH-HiigliiH«muii of tin* |-rt'tnis( s, who kmuv, of eourse, that Idt-ntity nf piunon wmilil tut hi un iustnnt ntiuli! out ; iind ytit whh tills ktiowledgu. and tho eouvli'tfou tlmt khoIi recognition would bo vlvltt'd with, nt W-nst, traii*purta tiun to u peiml mittletntMit fur lll'i1, Iih could nut resist thu temptation which urged him to tlio c-iirmilH--|au of n riood ho foul, Thfi rnubf-r fmight stoutly, nnd even nought to chukn his n-'-ntute dutniuor, who, neveitheltfss, inuliitulned hi* hold, mill kept it, till the st'.rutims of ?-lts II, ulniiniJil tho noighbuurs ; some of whum. liurryiii-r with lights, dirurtcd tho steps of others to the sceuu of uction, wliero'thoy soon aocured the robbi-r nnd escorted him to the watch-huiiKe, VA handsome silver watch, which Mr 0. informKfl Mr Windever yeaterduy hud cast him £0 in Scot land, 'tb- gethor with some, gold brt-nst- pins, was found in prisoner's posHussion. lie was fully oomniilted to take his trial fur tho bur glary. , , A L6veh!!I — ITaut Ton III — A somo what singular and equully ludicrous piece of business linn been mnuo tho subject of police -talk fur the last few days, in which tho reputation of a highly respectable family is concerned, nnd an individual holding n Government appointment in receipt of £'240 n-yoiir stilury. The matter i« one incomprehensible maze of tnyxteiy. From what diligence uf enquiry our police reporter has made, tlie following parti eului's may 'be relied on: — A' respectable young' until, who dates not longer than eighteen months' acquaintance sinco he Htnigratt'd to the Colony, managed to ob tain nn introduction into a family of great opulence residing iu tho neighbourhood uf Myde Pnr'k.' Once having obtained n foot ing, such was the respectability uf tho gentleinnn by whom lu; hud been introducKd, our gallant was nt all titnus ndn/itted a wel come guest. Ho came and went, passing cuurtesies.nutl thocdmmon civilities ensued. At length his visits became morn frequent; he was almost ta daily boarder. Miss E ,ii ? was the 'sunl's idol of;his eye.*'^ The iii tiotluction was guarantee for-.tho honor nnr) charncter of the suitor, and ,.htf broame: privileged by the purents tf- m»ko' his a'itli osses to tljti young lady. These were, coutinuod with * untiring 'nssiduityi,-. aud every thing promised .fuir that a happy, uuion Hvould -tirke- place Family settlo meut, what people cull pin-money,' was. n thing which rendered it indispensably necessary 'to cull in the assistant! of a lawyer. Such an one was promptly resorted, to-^-not a hundred milesfrom thu junction of Pitt anli 'King stredts. The attorney-' arriving. was'shewn iuto nn nparttnent, of which -it might 'he s:iid nentntrss und olcgaiico in 'the -arrangement of furniture were combined. Tho paraphernalia of a good tnbln was'ittvitingly plnced before'the ' man of law,' itnd iu thu discussion of'the inoiutiilt, oilr'hero leading thu ntniublu, Hie -accomplished, the beautiful and bluJliing Miss— ? , discuursed on 'tender pros pective particulars. The lawyer, amazed, stt uck with the recognition of a known face, ?ynt stranye to sity, for ?' u mnn of law,' he chose rathur to 'be minus of costs for the settlmnuut deeds, than to lend himself to dis honour. The .gentleman referred to 'by tliis cirOuurstance, adds lustre tn his uhnrnctur and profussion. 'It is With much regret tlmt we are not 'enabled to give a more full developeineiit of particulars. The Jkxulc wns--aii exposure — -the suitor was denounced n dissolute character, nn assuming soft of personuge, uud having no Cretensions to'the character'of gentleman ; is moutlily'receipt of sithtry was not more than bsirely ample to mect'the dumand of a bnchelor spendthrift, and 'such n onu our Romeo was. Juliet 'is in a bad Way ; sorry that bad things are told of her loviir. Juliet denounces tliutn as uncharitable cuucltisiou.s, and all forged falsehoods: — she wiil not cast utf her lliver — no, 'never! The Police -iinve 'been npplied to— tlio young lady is in thfthumbur to elope, and thu heru uf the talc is doubtless thu plotter of some assignation. A family's peuce is heieiu concorned, nnd t'ho iriterfurence of the Polices being edited on, they are bound to uivt- It. -Th»--«iti(j. wrnnt* thu R(.ntl» man ruferred to'fean be rhar-:uablu with is, in trespassing dn the premises. He must keepthe Queen's high roud or pathway; no one miist go down side paths or nlldvs. To tell the story delicately well, thu b«ro -vsas told that liis former visits could be dispensed with. He went waging war, notices ofnetion, and nil the legal He nunciatious 'of 'Veligcful Wrath. 'Out of this grows n case'iu which the gentlouirfn of the long robe will be concerned. Some person, actuated by h iltsaife 'tb disturb thu peace of a reputubie 'family residing in Sussex-street, has ?ventureil one or two nights since to m.ike'recutirse to dress, a la dramatique, 'in perstJilificatidn of Muinlot, and anpuar on the premises n't nn unseuKonUbk- hunr n't liight, alarming t be 'inmates nod neighbourhood A ser vant of the fninilv to the liousu we allliile, having 'to go into ''the back 'juird, saw -a figtlre passing by ui untied in the grave- like white clothing of some'eorpse. 'Shu 'had just'been reading'the Au- nrrfliairexcclitloh report of the six men who were hanged la-st week, nnd in'her ghostly concepfions, she nothing wonting, and ripe to sup pose ?'? nil things possible' that rippunr in. a liewspuper, believed nothing more nor less tlitin 'thnt the object she had just seen was some ghostly visitant,. A screum'! away went the candle-stick, stick nud candle together — the path no longer illumined, presented the dreary sp.ice of darkness. But the cries, tho family disturbed, brought some yonng men to thu lescue. The ghost wn* seen perched on a ten feet brick wall ; the neighbour hood wasalnmied; in front and bnck streets every one was 'eager to cdtch him, but he esi-uped. The geirtlemnn on whose pre mises this stranger intruded, adverting to the 'circumstance says, quoting h'is own words, 'should this ; noctnrnnl intruder fttol again disposed to re-visit the scene of bis petfurmances in the above locality, a messenger will be prepared to pursue iiim that may probably introduce itself to the tune of ' My not yet.' ' Thrbatisnino Lettkrs — -A young- man who emigrated to the colony about 'fifteen months, and since that period has been engaged ns a managing clurk in a highly respectablu house in town, fur somo tress pass, was discharged by his employer on Friday lust. The clerk referred to. being u niHii of ordinary dissolute habits, and known nbout town, particularly by those who nud recognition on the .pavd, as may be rendily gleuiied from mich cimrso of habits, had little at command, still less of ready cash. To commence on the work of forgery, or to go out iu a felonious career, ho whs not yet prepared, but lodging money and aii iitnntv waistcoat pockut— a treasury from which he was formerly ill the liahit of drawing in handsoine amounts, nuw echoing to tho tune of un empty ex rthequer, tho offender in question directed his genius to make money in as Irrespon sible way as thu law would kduiit. Mo wrote n letter to hU employer, wf which the following copv haR been ahliginglyj Ii-iihIimI tu us:—' Pitt-meet North, Murch % 1841, Hi'spt-cted Sir— -Vuu hi»re din unrded mo ; fifteen moutlia t Whs 4iononrud with your cotilldHUcu aurt your ^ognrds. You fnuiirl mu, truly, puniiyiHRn,1-iit I ask you whitthuc 1 hnve'uot donu much towurds ?mtnlilUhlng vou in business. Your houses Is tin- best fur tiudo in town; no retail urocury hmlnHHs onn equal your'**, If 1 did stray n little from tho Htrlol path of honost duty last ni({ht, I inn willing tu suhinit nnd to ucknowledgo mysulf in error; but if you be disused to tuke udrntitngo of somo Tiutruiiifliiu in writing which arn in c.tisl once, thuii / duclure to i/uit that your biwi ne«is nnd coniiHxious I will oxposV. T will denounce you I Inevitable ruin will follow, and you will bu the suporstructuro und the lirpUndwork of your own destruction!' ThU'cnao is in nbeyauce. The Chief Con stable, a shrewd Judge, and u man of busi ness, U of opinion that things will be nccominodated ; both parties, says Mr Mitchell, will find it to their advuutnge to do so. He perhups knows more than h« chooses to say oh the matter, pnrticulnrly when taking a glance round, he sees a reporter -present. Oh 1 what a sly peep is directed !-how much the pupil of the eye is distended whun some one comes to take his place as a reporter in the reporter's boxt Thk Mysteiuous. — There is n parson going about town dressed in the first style of fasliiob, who seizes on every opportu nity of thrusting his card into every lady's hand, nnd by. that means bringing himself into notice. He passes off as a medical man. A lady of the first rank iu coloninl society resented this outrage and called a constable to her aid. Sut-jeant Smith, of thn Sydney Police, took prompt measures on the snbJRct, and led the piofessor of Ksculnpiusotr Subsequent enquiry proves him to be ah arrant impostor. Though dressed well, ho has nut n second thin? to call his own, nnd is in lodgings. It is u question with the Polico whether one or two freaks of this worthy does not involve him in a charge of ?? obtaining money under false pretences.' -?? Caution to Captain^ 'of Ships. -—Be?' 'tween ulo ven- and twelve o'clock on Sunduy; night' last, a boat was discovered made fust under the bows of a brig lying at anchor in Cockle Bay, off the Commercial Wharf;; the sailor on watch immediately gave an alarm, when n .rustling about the fore pat t of the vessel was heard, aud notwithstand ing the darkness of the night, a man was' .observed quickly descending from the bow sprit by the martingale, and from thence under the bows into the suspicious boat, which immediately put olFitt the direction of the Western Shore and escaped ; upon examination, 'It {Was found that the gib had been Completely cut away from the stay, and tho , fore- topmast stay-sail nearly so when -the alarm .'was muilc. It is to be hoped that this will act us a caution for a Strict watch to be kept: on board vessels lying 'in -the -purt of Sydney.-* — Corres- pondent, , We 'have ijhs't 'seeh nn engYjfviiigi exe cuted by Mr Baker, of 'Kfrig-jJtreet, of the New 'Church of Saint Peter, -at Cook's iiivttr. It is like most woiks b'f art. com mitted to this artist's -care, done with fide-' lity. Uu frame-work 'the migntving will look Vvell:: a useful und'iiulisponsable addi tion iu ull collections1 of -colonial paintings aud pictures. ' \y 1Hoi- sn.STi:Acait-s.'-tFhelPoHce have just captured a man, who up tho country passed by the mime of -Kidd, nnd in towu by thu - uumu of Smith. A warrant hud been out; for his apprehension niuiiy months ago.; Uu Sunday last ho -was pounced on by i Reynolds, n very active Police dflicer, who,; after some struggle, and by the help o sullicient uid, lodged him in the wutclif' huusu A gentleman from the Vass Dis-i trict attended yesterday at 'the Police-; Ollice and ideutilied thu man. The -Bench have ordered him tu be forwarded to the ' Polico Bench of 'thrft district 'to unswer'to the charge. J William M'Cafrery, who-tit present 'is in i hold by the Sydney Police, charged with fraud, 'and recognised (unlucky recogni-' tloti J) by- the Chief 'Constable yesterday, J the instant lie 'saw 'his 'fu'ce as-a runaway acquaintance, having 'had 'him before 'in ' baud, nnd a prisoner -of the Crown, 'since which time he has been wniifiut;, mul I'o lice exertion 'to find otit 'Itix'hiding-'place ?hitherto unavailing. The 'disposition of 'the Sydh.e'y Police-: force -tat the'laiJt races was excellent. 'In ?spectors Molloy, ^Jugeiit, 'Price and Rvnn, ] with rill 'f heconstables that could Well be; ?spared out 'of 'town, with a portion of: ticket-of-leave-men, were employed With-: out 'intennissidu ?thee'iUi're of 'three days. | 'Parties were posted on the whole line of' road 'from 'Homebush to Sydney. The booths 'were .seen 'closed before dusk, and leaving- only somehalf dozen on the ground, ! the rest, hied 'themselves for the roads, ' hunting'in pairs. The-Police most certainly j did thelfditty, and good order was every-' where predominant. The ordinary 'Police ' consisted -of sixteen men, and the same { number of ticket-of-lea've special constable!-, , between wholn they 'Were placed alter-' iiately, u't distances oT three-quarters of a, mile. _ , Serjeant Smith, 'Mth 'Iris won'ted. adti -vity, has two frail unes in charge by whom he expects to reap somu important infor-' rnntion in respect of thefts committed, of which they are the receivers, nnd some *? uot suspected' 'ones are the thieves. MRS. PROUT'S CONCERT. -»- To-morrow evening this lndy purposes giving a Con cert at the Uoyal Victoria Theatre, under the distinguished patronage of Ladies Gipps and Mitchell, as also some other influential ladies in our fushionable circle. Of Mrs P.'h capabilities 'ns a pianist, we hnve had occasion to notice some time since. The programme can boast of some excel lent pieces of music, and no doubt full justice will be done to them by all the parties engaged. Mr Bushelle sings on this occasion ' Largo' and 'Whon Time hu'th bereft theo.' A robbery was committed on the Race Course the other evening by a well known footpad, and, next morning, upon present ment -of the a flair at the Police, the of fender was in a fair way of heing discharged for want of sufficient pioof touring- home conviction to the party. The chief cou ntable saw the loop-hole of escape; but, unwilling to let 'a customer' slip through his fingers, resolved on one effort, and moved their Worships to grant one day's remand, This rensonublo request being uccorded, Mr Mitchell forthwith despatched a constable to the Race Ground, where the .alleged robbery was reported to have taken phico, to make search for thu property stolon, the want of which had so -nearly procured the prisoner his enlargement. This prompt thought, however, was for- tunately the means of discovering a valu able watch; for a shower of rain having partially removed a light covering of mould beneath which it had been hid by tho robber .over night, uomo portion at its up p&ndqges; peeped nbova ground. Some money was also Moluu nn tlio ucenslon, but in nearchiiig for this, Police, vigilance had not boon nultu so successful. Tilts piisoner has since ooun coiomltrod to take hia trial. A Correspondent direct s our ntluntluii to thu ronilssiioss of thu cunstable.s whosu duty it la to presarvu tho jnilillo pr-aeo,nnd the prnvinloiiH of thu linpoiuidlug Act, Iu thu iiui-jhbouihuod of Uluokwuttla Swamp, Pigs uml goats uro seen everywhere nt lurgo, much to tboaiinoyuiico of 'tlio iiMlgli* bourhuud, We hopo Mr Inspector Kyiiu will «n« Uils nuUanoo «buted. Th.) U-oIlongoiTir dist.ictnill dmihtlew hail with somu piiduthu estiiblishment of n couch, whli-n liait eomrnonced rnnuitin betwuen Dajito and thnt tiluce, nnd thencn returning. The conch is a commodious vehicle, uud Mr Bruwu hns koiiio right to expect hi: will bu limply- supported in his undertaking. Thuru are not. wantlnn spirited mon in all our new settlemenu uud dependencies, but for want of propQr encouragement niuiiy useful projeots are foregonu, and thosuwhioh arestaited not being properly nided by the united Rnergies of a neighbourhood, the undertaking, Sse ful as it maybe, is presently knocked on the huad. ???'.. The Principal Superintendent op Police. — We think it right not to suppress but tb make known to the respected head of the Sydney police department, the vagaries practised by some of the small fry on Sunday lust. We have it upon the authority of no fewer than five individuali holding publip houses, nnd meu of un doubted probity nnd character in society thnt they were' importuned by constable*' ?fairly begging nt their doors to be aeived with spirits. These live persons have bean with us, nnd declure that the most im pudent efforts were made bv them to induce tho publicans to serve. Not content with being denied by the publicans, thev had recourse to means the most disgraceful, in endeavouring to entrnp their children into an infraction of the Act of Council. \Vo shall look over some papers long since cast by, to find the ably written letter of Lord John Russell, while /Home Secretary of State, tu the Magistracy, enjoining them to be very cnrefulju f-iving heed to charges supported and sustained exclusively on in terested evidence. s\Ve blame publicans, who have been thus annoyed, not coming forward with proper spirit to Captain Innes, and making their griovonce known, Thev will perhaps answer^hht by doing so, thev would bring down upon thorn. the vengeful ire of the subordinates of the Sydney police. ' But we* tell everyrespectable licensed vie tualler in Sydney, that the Superintendent of Police will at all times, listen in privat*. to the complaint of a publican— i-he bcinf in' his own right a special constable, aad therefore, his repute is much higher in the scale' of society than aphid' constable. We would 'like a case of this sort to- bo brought on for hearing, and' our reporter present. We know what would be the result. * No publicau having truth o» hi^ side 'ilc'o'd cure for. a biittalion of police.. Hut he must keep them; one and. aft at a proper di-'tutice. '....' ; ' AVjj.are'inforrhed that it, is. thia intent Ion .of, Sir 'I1. Mitchell to proceed soutbwards In a' few weeks, upon uu expedition, having for its 'object to determine the sources of the river Murray. 'Preparations' are now making 'fdr the Surveyor GeneralVtkpar ture. We will, probablv. add much^o our ' uccuriite 'knowledge of Gipp'« Land., ' TJiKPuusnYTEtiY; — The Parrnmirtta Po lice Conit on Saturday last, was th'ronged by persons interested in -tho hearing of a. case 'iu which :-£-i. - Stewart -was Charged with forcibly ejecting a Rev.\Mrsi*urvis- from 'the chapel to which die hid been appointed. (There we're, those who chosii . to'ie'tain their old minister, and heuco a a scene of tumult of'the most : disgraceful chitradter. We .promise insertion of a lengthy report in qiir next. Ti-e (|rnKAfnE.--The Ilecfrl of Mid Idtfiian was played la'st night most ad mirably. We have not room iu our pre sent number for a critique, but will ende» vour'todo justice to it in our' next. Tho. Ann, from Sydney, arrived at Port Phillip on the 5th instant ; site was ud1 vet oed to return to, this port; , 