says POETRY. The following lines are from the pen of Mr. Sterling, "son of Captain Sterling, chief Editor of the Times. Mr. Sterling-, junior, is a gentleman of very great ability. On the occasion when Maroro arrived in England with Don Carlos, this gentleman write an article against him as the betrayer and murderer of his friend Mr. Boyd, who was shot in Spain, and whose death excited a great sensation in England SOIIIP years ago. The next morning Marloo was off for Paris. We had this fact from an eye-witness of Maroota retreat. THE EGYPTIAN VISION. 'Spread below the glistening moonbeams Lay the desert bare and vast ; ' O'er it moved a mighty Shadow By no earthly being cast. Toward those walls of Ptolemnia Ccsur-de-Lion stormed of Old, * Sale t passed the shade gigantic, As a shape by seers foretold. «'J'«"8 not England's lion monarch, '-II who wore the cross divine, but a greater far than Richard, Darkened now the white inror.abico. 1 Pale his large imperial forehead, Terrible and fair his face, Keen dim eyes unwavering glances, Slow the vision's gliding pace. At the amid the palmy desert, Higher be than e'en the palm, Eyed the city's midnight ramparts With a granite statues calm. a On those walls the turbaned warder. Heard a windy whisper sweep, ' S early rising 'and the sand waste, Echoes o'er the billowy deep, Haughty bastions 1 once you failed me, Broke my fume's unconquered sword, Me whom Mantle's walls withstood but Alexandria award as laid. 'Twas the Briton's fated banner Charmed your flowers against my stay, "Saw my braves thousands perish Saw my glory melt away. Know ye ramparts ! I am near you, Strengthening your inviolate town, For or the king of England hastens, Not to save but smile you down' ! Be, thou time-built boast of Acre ! Loftier now than ever before ; . Thou that could'st endure my onset, IS'o'er must thou be conquered more. Morning dawned, the shadow vanished, -Wid the voice had ceased to sound ; Eu a louder utterance followed Crash on crash and shook the ground. From a thousand mouths of terror Bolt on bolt is volleying last, \- And above the smoky darkness England's banner crowns the most. Slowly yields each solid bulwark To that iron tempest's power ; 'J it), as from a flaming furnace, Leaps to heaven the central tower. Death is now in Acre's chambers, Horror cramps each living heart, And the few surviving warriors O'er the broken malta depart. Kigbt again is on the desert. And again the mighty ghost, Jew with darker fiercer glances. Broods about the routed host. One a wounded hoary chiffon, Who had seen him in his pride, sawyer he led his bands to Acre, Knows the look he then defied. Now the aged warrior sees him Torn, although a shade, by paid, v Stalk in gloom along the desert, 'Started by England's ships again. for he flies where Egypt's ruling Spread their mounts along the Nile As hire the pyramids of I church's Cannot here the thundering isla ! "Where the city of Iskander, Greater more than even he, listens to the booming of the melancholy sea. There. beneath the stars of midnight, Stands the old heroic Rliost, To lowing with his gaze the billows As they journey round the coast. 'And he seems to track them onward. 'Till amid the Atlantic roar, S cers with all her soils a vessel Bearing still his t color. In it sleep the mouldering relics, Whose great spirit marks them new ; While he OOPB that frigate's progress With intent and mournful brow. . They who guide her o'er the waters I stoning sturt they know not why ; Can they hear the guns of Acre'? O' that shadow's dreamy sigh 1 Lila the kings of Karnak s temples, Like Sesostris' self he rose : Wow with a hem be rests in darkness; Let him, War! at last report Still while Britain's tale is chanted, 'Till the stars of time grow dim, "twill be bright among her plot Yes, but she never quailed to him, JOHN STERLING. 