SABBATH OBSERVANCE. The Sub- Committee of the Legislative Council who were appointed for the consi deration of the Sunday Shooting Preventive Bill have framed the following Report "Your Committee have not entered upon the consideration of this question, without a strong sense of the difficulty attendant on the attempt to make it the subject of legislation. They entertain, however, what appears to them a well grounded persuasion, that by far the greater number of persons who are opposed to the enactment of any fresh legal restrictions or penalties, would still admit the propriety and necessity of some interposition of the law for the maintenance of at least an outward respect for the Divine ordinance. Few, it is thought, possessing any religious feeling, could be found to toleiate the conclusion that even the most open and profligate violation of the proper ' decencies of the Sabbath Day must be allowed to pass unpunished by law, because the con sciences of individuals ought alone to determine the degree in which a reverence for it shall be | manifested. The principle, therefore, that legal I restraints of some sort must be imposed, being thus generally admitted, the remaining question is only as to the limit to which they should be extended. Your Committee, in seeking to de termine where the line of legislative interference should be drawn, have governed themselves by the following considerations; that where any act is of such a natnre as 10 render it manifest that it can be, done only with a view to profit, it undeniably alnounts to a breach of the Sab bath, and should therefore be prohibited or punished by law ; if, on the other hand, it can be alleged that a particular act may be done on the Lord's day from motives of piety, charity, or necessity ; then although it may be impossi ble to determine that it is actually done from such motives, but the contrary may in the greater number of instances be rather suspected, the law, nevertheles, is restrained from interfering, be cause it might otherwise, in many cases, punish acts which are strictly lawful and proper ; the admission of these principles, your Committee are sensible, must leave unnoticed and unpu nished' a vast variety of acts which in reality amount lo a profanation of the Lord's day. Still they ate of opinion thai the principle itself is a correct one ; because the law accomplishes all that from its very nature it lias power to do, in prohibiting and punishing ail acts which undeni ably amount to a breach of the respect due to the Lord's day ; and it necessarily passes over others not because it approves or sanctions them, but only from defect of clear and certain proof that they are of a prohibited character. Your com mittee accordingly approve of the bill to pro. hibit shooting for sport or profit on a Sunday, fully concurring in the statement contained in the pieamble, that it is a scandalous and in decent practice, tending to the great dishonour of religion. Under similar grounds, they re commend the enlargement of the Bill, by the introduction of clauses to prohibit the practice on Sundays of boxing, cock, and dog fighting, the breaking in or racing of horses, gambling, and all other riotous pastimes for amusement or profit. Your committee also find that great anomalies prevail, and serious difficulties are thrown in the way of an effective suppression of profanations of the Lord's day, in conse quence of the provisions of the Towns' Police Act being confined to the mere limits of cer tain towns. Hence it arises, that ail points be yond those limits, it is questionable wheiher any law can be put in force against Sabbath- breaking ; and the power of the magistrates is set at defiance, even while the greatest irregu larities are known to prevail. As a remedy for this, your committee recommend the extension to all parts of the colony of sections in the Towns' Police Act which have reference to the becoming observance of Sunday. A very fruitful source of the neglect of such observance is found in the appointment of the Tuesday and Friday in each week as the market days in Sydney; the consequence being that parties having goods or produce to bring to market from a greater distance than one day's journey, are iu a manner driven to have their carts upon the road on Sunday, either in going ta market or in returning ; and in this necessity tftey find their justification, in addition to this, many settlers, who are engaged in this traffic, are known to employ the early part of Sunday in packing their goods, and making preparations for starting. Your committee, therefore, de cidedly recommend, that the market days in Sydney should be changed to Wednesday and Thursday in eaeh week, whereby one pie- text for the custom of employing Sunday as a day of merchandise would be removed, and tbe practice itself, they hope, in some measure put a stop to. But for its more effectual suppres sion, they recommeud that tiie packing of goods or merchandise, and the loading of carts, drays, waggons, or other carriages of burthen, on Sunday, with articles for sale or traffic, should be punishable by a fine, and that there should be a penalty also upon setting out on Sunday from any house, station, farm, or homestead, with any such dray, cart, or waggon, loaded or unloaded, or with droves of cattle, sheep, horses, or live stock of any description, going towards or returning from any market. They are of opinion also, that the enactment by which a double toll is imposed upon any such carriages passing through a turnpike gate, or crossing at any ferry on Sunday, ought to be repealed ; it having been found quite ineffectual as a check upon Sunday traffic upon the roads, and even supposed to be a quittance or release from every other penalty. Your Committee also consider it necessary that all agricultural operations should be prohibited on Sunday, including mowing and hay-making, and the reaping, gathering, binding, carting and carrying away from the field, of any crop or produce ; ex cept in cases where there shall appear to be an evident necessity for so doing to prevent the serious injury or destruction of the same by the weather, or from other unavoidable causes. The question as to the reality of the alleged necessity might be safely left in all cases to the judgment of a single Magistrate sitting in Petty Sessions. It is also, thought expedient that during the summer months, from November to February, the market hours in Sydney, should on Saturday nkhl be prolonged till ten o'clock, in order to give the labouring class an opportu nity of making their purchases alter finishing their day's woik, instead oi being compelled to defer them until the Sunday morning, as is stated to be the case at present. Aud your Committee recommend that His Excellency the Governor should be requested to introduce a Bill into the Council for trie attainment of the purposes described in this Report." News and Rumours of the Day. — The Windsor races came off on Wednesday last with gieat eclat. — The erection of the new military barracks at the South Head Road is progressing rapidly. — The building which is in course of erection in Hyde Park, by Mr. F. Lowe, for the exhibition of his Modei of Syd ney, is now in a very advanced state, and it is probable that in a short time that interesting ex hibition will be opened. — -J. Lord and H . Kater, Esquires, were yesterday fined in the sum oi £5 each, for non-attendance as special jurors in the Supreme Court. Street Robbery. — A seaman belonging to one of the vessels recently arrived in this port, was attacked by a man at .a late hour on Satur day night at the corner of Pitt and Market- streets, and after a short scuffle was robbed of his handkerchief and other property. The thief was soon after taken into custody, and on being searched the missing handkerchief was found upon his person. He was brought be fore the Police Court yesterday for examination, but remained for the evidence of the prosecutor. Legislative Council. — The Council will meet at twelve o'clock this day. The loilow- iug is the order of business for discussion, viz : — t. Hunter's River Steam Navigation Com pany Bill ; second reading. 2. Australian Auction Company Bill ; second reading. 3 Circuit Courts' Jury Act Amendment Bill; second reading. The following notice of mo tion also appears of the minutes for this day, and will be moved by the Colonial Secretary; that out of the sum of £63,056 8s , being the excess of the amount appropriated for the ser vice of the year one thousand eight hundred and forty, there shall and may be issued and appled any sum or sums of money not ex ceeding £22,399 Is. 9J., to supply the defi ciencies in the amount appropriated for certain departments and services foi that year. The Report of the Immigration Committee will also be brought up, and a lengthened discussion will most probably take place upon that im portant subject. Tipsical Statistics. — We are happily enabled to confirm our favourable report rela tive to the decrease of drunkenness iu this town, although we are totally at a loss for a source to which this favourable change may be attributed, but whether the influence aud exainple'of the Temperance Societies, or the vigilence of the police, have been the means of so doing, certain it is that the decrease is both visible and important. On Friday last, there were only sixteen cases of drunkenness before the police courts. On Saturday, the number was reduced to fifteen ; and on Monday the whole number of drunkards were thirty- four, this latter number may appear somewhat large, but it is assuredly small when compared with the former average. There is still, however, ample room for improvement, and we fear that considerable time will yet have to pass before we shall obtain the credit of a sober commu nity. Theatricals.— We paid a visit to the Victoria Theatre, on Saturday last, when the tragedy of Tiie Castle Spectre, and the farce of The Blacksmith; or, a Trip to Gretna Green, were produced for the enter tainment of (lie audience. The former was batter played than we expected to have seen it in a colonial house, but it is altogether of too high a caste for the powers of the corps. The leading characters, however, were very well sustained, and the ghost scene was ably got up, except that there was rather too much shouting behind the scenes, for the solemnity of the tableau. The character of Father Philip was, we conceived, unsuited to the peculiar humour of Mr. Lee, who seemed obviously uneasy under the supposed bulk of the trunculent Friar, he acquitted himself of the character, however, in much better style than we had an ticipated. The farce of The Blacksmith is a very pretty and humorous piece, aud was per formed in a style that very much pleased us. Mr. Lee was perfectly at home in the character of the Clerical Blacksmith, and the runagate Scamper was admirably done by Mr. Falchdn. I Mis. Knowles, Miss Strickland, and Madame | Veiburn, also went through their parts well, and the second of these ladies, although as yet she is naturally somewhat imperfect in her pro fession i9 manifestly improving. We perceive by the bills, that Milners play of Franken stein is in preparation, and will shortly be produced at the Victoria, and we look forward to its appearance as a great treat to the play- going public. The character of the Monster will doubtless be sustained by Mr. Knowles, and we feei confident, that if such is the case, it will be well personified, as we conceive that it is one peculiarly within his forte. Great allowances must be made at present for the weakness of the corps dramatique , especially in the department of the ladies, aud we do not hesitate to admit that, taking ali things into consideration, the manner in which the several entertainments have been got up is highly creditable to the management of the house, and the exertions of the performers. We again visited the Theatre yesterday evening, and were much gratified with The Dream at Sea, which was then produced. We have neither time nor space for any lengthened remarks, but we may shortly state that the above piece was got up in a remarkably efficient style. The acting was good, the-scenery excellent, and the whole passed off in a really handsome manner, although we were sorry to observe that the au dience were somewhat thin, owing probably to tbe inclemency of the weather. Argyle, August 3. — Extract of a letter from Couuty King, dated 2nd instant, per express. — " I have read the debate upon Ghosts in the School of Arts in Sydney.; perhaps the Debates may elucidate the cause of the fol lowing occurrences which have lately taken place in this country betwixt Mutmutbilly and Collingwood, on the Fish. River, by either the ghost of Jackey Jackey or his prototype: — to me that the Government has not be- On Sunday, the 25ih ultimo, a Mr. VVe>sli and another gentleman were roobed, the former of a gold watch and £3 cash ; on Friday last, the Rev. Mr. Sowerby end Mr. Manning (how un lucky the latter gentleman has been !) were tra velling together, aud both were robbed in the same place. Several minor thefts have been recently committed ip that quarter. Mr. Man ning sent woid to the Police Authorities at Goulburn, which was quickly attended t'>, and the mounted troopers are in search of this dar ing fellow, who, by. the bye, is strongly sus pected to be not a runaway but a free or freed man, and that he sojourns not far from the scene of his exploits, &c.; It appears strange fore this caused the old hut near the large water hole on the Bredalbaue Plains to be knocked down, as it is supposed the persons who reside therein are not immaculate. I am certain the proprietor of the land would not permit any person of indifferent repute to reside thereon without his knowledge, &c.;, and for that reason I drop this hint. We had but few frosts ; the weather is mild ; and the young wheals are coming up delightfully ; we antici pate a fine spring; the ground is well saturated with rain, aud the river, has not ceased running the last three month, — Correspondent. Wilson v. Mudie.— This case was set down in the Cause List for Thursday next, and expectation of a delicious treat was rife among the lovers of scan-mag. They will, however, be disappointed, as we have been informed from undoubted authority that the matter has been settled out of Court. A report of this descrip tion was formerly c.rculaiecl which turned out to be incorrect, but we believe the present one to be true. Robbery in the Bush. — Two young gen tlemen, sons to Mr. Child, manager of the Refined Sugar Manufactory at Cook's River, were on Saturday last stopped in the Bush in that vicinity by two armed men, who, after robbing them of three pounds in cash, proceeded to blindfold and fasten them to separate trees, in which state they remained for some time, until they were released by a casual passer by. Serjeant Smith, of the Sydney Police, was in pursuit of the thieves during the whole of Sun day, but could not succeed in obtaining the slightest clue which might lead to their appre hension. It is thought, however, that the cul prits must have been men who had been formerly discharged from the employ of Mr. Cooke, aud who, being aware of the young geutlemens' practise of coming out to the ma nufactory every Saturday with generally a con siderable quantity of property about them, fixed upon the scheme of way-iaying and rob bing them, in expectation of obtaiuining a consi derable booty ; in this however they were disap pointed ; for although the young men had even at that lime a large sum of money in . their pos session, it fortunately escaped the scrutiny of i the robbers. i 