English Intelligence. The Laura (arrived last night brings British intelligence to the 18th Nov., the Nerio having previously brought information of another attempt to assassinate the King of France, the consequence of which had recoiled upon the assassin by the bursting of the gun which had severely wounded him. One report stated, that one of the Royal servants had been wounded in the leg ; but, by other accounts, this is con- tradicted : " The name of the assassin, who was by some reported to be mad, and by others an accomplice in a conspiracy for murdering the King and plunging Europe into war, is Harmes, a native of Blarseulcs, and in the fortieth year of his age. When seized, he exclaimed that his purpose was told the world of a tyrant. The musket was overloaded, and, bursting when fired, fractured the wretch's shoulder. '4 The news of this attempt upon the King's life ran like wildfire throughout Paris. 'The people were highly indignant. The funds at Toulon fell from 72\. to 76., but, left off at 74s., being a fall of 4 per , cent., on the closing prices on the Bourse. The French Chambers had been dissolved, tyom. Thiers and the ultr^wl^parjy in the French Ministry had been succeeded by Mar ¡$ha^ßoriIt,'|Duke of Dalmatia) and others who -werttdewrojia of, maintaining the peace of , Europe. By the Laura, we learn that the accouchment of the Queen of England was hourly expected. France was still in a most unsettled state, and it was expected that Louis Phillippe would abdicate. The Laura left the Downs on the" 9th November, in company with the Lady Raffles, which latter vessel lost her main and fore yards in heavy gale on the 12th and 13th November, and put back to the Downs. ' Up to the time of departure of the Laura from Portsmouth, she had not arrived there. The Mayflower for Hobart Town was in the - Downs, and the Samuel Winter for Launceston, had left Gravesend. The British Sovereign prison ship, put back to the river, from off Margate having been on shore. ' In a trial of strength in the French Chambers, the newly-appointed Ministry had a majority. The following is Marshal Soult's proclamation to the French army. When it is remembered the good feeling, in every sense of the word, between Soult and the British public by whom he was so enthusiastically received and entertained a few months since, together with the personal friendship existing between him and the Duke of Wellington, great hopes may now be entertained of the preservation of peace :-. Soldiers The King's confidence in me has again placed me at your head. I have accepted the honour of commanding you, being convinced that I shall find you always ready to fulfil the duties which the laws, the military regulations, and the glory of the French arms impose upon you. Obedience to your officers, a rigorous observance of discipline, a strict attention to the service, the maintenance of that military con« fraternity which constitutes the value and the force of the army these are the qualities which the King - and the nation expect to find in you, and which have no doubt you will always display, as in the most glorious periods of our annals. You know me. You know that I require much. That I never suffer either inattention to service, or failure in your duties ; but you are likewise aware that my solicitude for you for the preservation of your rights, and for the amelioration of your well-being, is ever active and that I am always happy, when- ever an opportunity occurs, of conferring Royal recompenses upon my brothers-in-arms. 1 depend upon you as you may depend upon me, whether it may become necessary, in unison with our brave National Guard, to maintain order and secure, respect to the laws, or whether the King may call upon us to defend the territory, the honour, and the dignity of France. The President of the Council, Minister at War, Marshal Duke of DALMATIA. We observe in the Hobart Town Courier the following extract from the Liverpool Mail, October 29\. : " Syria, Camp ofDjouni, September 29. "From all appearances the affairs of Syria will be soon terminated. The Insurrection makes the greatest progress; already 14,004 mountaineers have joined the insurgents. The Turks behave nobly, and Admiral Walker loads them nobly on. " The desertion of Egyptian troops is very considerable, which has greatly weakened Soliman Pacha. " The allies have their camp at Djounl, which contains about 8000 men, independent of the insurgents. " The Stromboli has disembarked the few marines which she brought from England. I " All the coast is in the power of the allies. " Tyro and Tripoli have been taken ; Sidon was taken after a battle of ten hours. It was defended by 3,000 men, who capitulated, the greater part of whom have enrolled at the camp to fight in favour of the Sultan. The Turkish naval officers sent from Alexandria by Mehemet Ali have also been enrolled. The allies have established an hospital at Cyprus." " EGYPT, October 6. The British squadron at Alexandria, consisting of the Asia, Implacable, and Daphne, has been reinforced by the Dido and Ganges. " The French consul has informed his protege that the blockade will commence on the 16th instant. " Advices received to-day from Alexandria state that Mehemet Ali will allow the mails to pass through Egypt, and send them himself, if the English are afraid to take them. " A private letter, dated Athens, the 9th instant, states that the French fleet of eleven sail of the line was then anchored in Salamis Bay. " A Russian fleet of eighteen sail of the line, to be placed under Sir Robert Stopford's orders, was daily expected." SYRIA. Important news had been received. Ibrahim Pacha had been defeated by the allies. He had lost 7,000 men, killed, wounded, prisoners, and deserters. Report stated, that he had taken to the head Is with 2 officers, and 200 cavalry, the wreck of his army. Beyrout was occupied by the allies. All Syria was in revolt against the authority of the Viceroy. Sidon has been taken by as. sault, with the loss of Lieut. Hockings, and six or eight marines and sailors killed, but a considerable number were severely wounded. We regret, from the intelligence of this affair having reached us so - immediately previous to publication, that we cannot in this number give the details. The leader of the Egyptians, Hassan Bey, was killed ; " no man," says the despatches, " could have served a cause with more desperate ability." SUPREME COURT, CIVIL SITTINGS.-Before His Honor the Chief Justice. Rand v. Burnie This was the only case decided to-day. Verdict, Is. was taken for the plaintiff. The Court closed at few minutes after. There was no cause affixed to the Court-door I Why ? MR. JONES We have just heard that Mr. Jones, (the late Solicitor-General) intends immediately returning to England, and has engaged a passage for self and family on board the Fortitude. THE THEATRE-The performance of Douglas, and My Husband's Ghost last night, at the Victoria Theatre, was so good, that we very much regret not being able to allude to it at some length The Theatre will be open during the race week. THE ' LAURA. By this vessel, our highly-respected and hospitable colonist, Mr. Solomon Austin, of Roseneath, has returned from England. We are happy to state, that he has quite recovered from the illness which occasioned his leaving. He has imported, in perfect health, an entire horse, which will prove a valuable acquisition to the colony. BATHING-The inhabitants of Hobart Town, and its neighbourhood, are about to have the luxury, and comfort of bathing-houses afforded them, Mr. and Mrs. Wise, at present at the Water- loo Hotel, having taken the Bathing establishment recently erected by Mr. Frederick Bell, in Sandy Bay. The arrangements are not yet completed, but, we are safe in saying, from our knowledge of the intentions of Mr. Wise to make his establishment as nearly as possible equal in its comforts, to the public baths in the Mother Country, that, it will deserve as no doubt it will receive, the patronage of the community. OMISSION By an oversight the close of the article headed South Australian Discovery was omitted in its proper place. The following is the continuance, which should appear after the 9th line, 2nd column, 4th page :-" results, but, as he is still determined to push his way into the interior, we may expect to have some interesting facts communicated in his next despatch. " : A small disappointment, occasioned by erroneous signals On Saturday, P.M., a signal for a prison ship having been made from Mount Nelson, the Officials were all on the qui vive, being, certain that it was the Lady Raffles, in which Captain Montagu is expected to arrive. Away they started, and after proceeding nearly thirty miles down the river, the prison ship turned out to be a French' whaler stand what was worse still, after boarding her in the hope of some" excellent Cognac, there was nothing to be had, but your, wine. CAPTAIN 'MuîtTAoowas'iwf on board, the Lady Raffles in the Downs. He was expected to join her, as is usual, at Portsmouth. - P. - > j-To/iCoKiiEsiNaiiÄMTS.-Obtener,' and several other, of your valuable communications are neces sarilyfomittedthishreek.í i t ' PORT PHILLIP. The journals received this morning to the 23rd of February, contain nothing more than the usual domestic intelligence of the day. Tea. Hyson, is quoted at £12 to JE 13 per chest and First Flour, 35s. to 38s. per 100lbs. Seizure of a French Vessel at Holdfast Bay, South Australia-the Adelaide Chronicle, of the 17th) February, states, that the French ship, Ville de Bourdeaux, had been seized by the Customs, on suspicion of her having false papers on board. The seizure was, however, only temporary, for the master very naturally declined the honor, and boiled, taking with him the representatives of Her ító&esty;'s Customs, a Mr. Anthony, and another. This is the vessel which was alluded to a few weeks since in the columns of one of our contemporaries, as a clipper waiting for a declaration of war. It appears she was built for a ship of war, and is a remarkably fast sailer. She has latterly been ent enjoyed in the cattle trade between the colonies. We wish Mr. Anthony and his companion a pKi sant trip, their friends will hear from them again perhaps from Bourbon or the Mauritius. HOBART TOWN MARKET, MARCH (6. Wheat, 7s. 6d. @ 8s. $>. bushel ; oats, 5s. 6d. ; Cape barley, 4s. 6d. ; English ditto, 5s. 6d.; ha), £6 @£7 f ton ; ditto, pressed, £8 @ £9 ; straw, £3 10s. ; Port Arthur coals, 15s. ; Sydney ditto, £2 10s. ; she-oak, 13s. @ 14s. ; gum, 10s. ; potatoes, 13s. @ 14s. eggs cwt (From the Cornwall Chronicle, March 6.) GRAIN MARKET. Prices remain stationary. The recent failures of so many of the speculations, of former years, has worked good for the community ; grain, in consequence, maintains a price regulated by the actual demand for it. Notwithstanding the very short harvest of the present year, wheat is not marketable at a price beyond that, which the consumption of it gives it is remunerative to the grower, and not higher than the con- sumer can afford to pay for it Wheat, old, 8s. to 9s. a new, 7s. to 8s. per 60 lbs. MOST IMPORTANT.-Information has reached us, on which we can rely, that Captain Montagu, whose return may be daily expected, brings with him the authority to constitute Port Arthur a separate government ! to which all prisoners trans- posed To this colony are in future to be sent, and to he employed in rural and other pursuits.' Captain Forster will be entrusted with the super attendance, at a salary of £1,200 per annum. HACO. Much disappointment was occasioned on Thursday last in consequence of Creeping Jane having fallen lame just as she was about to run against Welcome, for 100 sovereigns. The owner of the animal paid half forfeit. 