A 'PLEASANT' GOST. V SNot many years. ago there was - a . set of jolly boys one. night drinking and a carousing in Kilhala, and among the rest p was Peter Cumming, the chapel clerk. a Now, when they were all pretty well'I "v thank you; they all got valiant='intirely, t and 'oneisaid he wouldn't be afeared to do 1 this, and another swore he had done, and , would again do that. 'i'll tell ye what T'll db,' says Peter; '-I'll bet any one a golden guinea and here it is under my hand on the table, that I'll go this, very .hour to Moyne Abbey and bring here a skull out of it in my pocket handkerchief, and lay it down 'on this table.' So all thinking it was an impossible thing, - that no man- alive would dare to. go for to do such asthing,-to put an end .to Petes's brag, sure and certain it was only boast ing he was,- they all said ' done' to the wager ; and Peter's golden guinea was covered in a moment with twenty-one white shillings. So Peter for his courage sake and t he money, and besides having the spirits in him,'seis off for the abbey and troth' I don't envy the scape-grace as he went-whistlingalong, putting out of him the windgas abody may say, togi vethe more room for his courage, And now my joker, ge'ts near- the 'place, and he sees the -tower lifting its tall -self and- cutting on the blue sky, .and one star bright entirely is sparkling like a cat's green eye; just over yonder pinnaclew 'were the sea eagle now and'then'coines-and sits (by-the-by there is -a story about that.) Still Peter's bravery was not: put 'aback-there was a's yitt no occasion-all was silent in the air, -,on the land, .and out at-sea, except now nd: thein the dash of the-swelling tide as tlie easy wave came in, and shat itered in foam amongst the shore pebbles. And now Peter ,passes the door, which as you seepliesgcontinually open,,and he has no lid"t to guide ?linm eacept one or-two stars, that sent down but a cold. green, good. for-noth ing twinkle--the walls and ivy darkening more and more.all round. 'So' he turns to the right, and down' he goes on his- hands. atid,' knees, and he makes .to the very spot .where you and I now e.Atand, creeping 'on: 'and on," for he Sknew aright well that in that corner for nenst you, there was, ,as there is now, a ; heap of skulls: 1Yer honour, wasn't the mad -fellow morthal 'brave ? Well, he r gropes-and grop.'s for a skull, and he has r just got a grip of one, and is fumbling in his' pocket for a handkerchief to tie it up in, when'.heheears all at once aslow sickly voice,' half. groan, 'half growl, -as a body may say,-jju't what ..you'dl hear 'from a C dying. crathur that. was saying his last t words, with the rattles in his throat ; and this? was what was -said,-' Och,' Pettr: Cumming, you" bad boy, what's this t' you're aboout:? bad. luck.to ye'! what are f ye doing with my'skiull ' With·ihat, up' rises Peter, his .h?ds off the ground~! but f still standing on'his two knees, and sure e enough he was'al lof a trimble, and well l he might ; for, lool?ing'towards that very' f corner now before us, he sawvwbat?the had I reason to remimber to his dying day.; a for there stood his own grandfather, Phaarig'Cumming, surrounded by 'i light s that came, of a blueish '-colour., from out e of the earth, like what-comes in Septem ber out of the reeds along the river t and 1 there old Phaarig stood just -as be was \- before his last -sickness; in his frieze t coteen and his sheepskin breeches, all r smooth and greasy, and hisbaywig, and s the very tobaccy running down from the two corners of his mouth, and -staining 1 all his rough. chin. ' 'Heavei!s .: rest be \- with. you, TPhaarig 1. but there ye.,wor, d the pitchur of what ye looked the'week I- before the death sickness came on ye, n ' Och then, Pethreen. -(sez the ghost, for t it was nothing else) ye unlucky boy., what 'brings 'ye. here. and what are ye e doing-with my skull:? What for would ye have your grandfather standr up at the d day of judgment wiihout a head, ye divil s nay.-care, drunken,' i`religious black r guard'?' -Now,-'allthis while that the t grandfather was scolding, 'Peter was get ting up off his knees, and as the ould f fellow, kept aibiasing without icilling him, e be tikks courage., and 'hui?i zindp.ays to the· ghost, ' Ah.then,:?grand-daddy denT, is .that yourselhI ande why-are ye walk t ing, nnd what makes ye unquiet ? May I be it's mssee ye want for yer poor sowl; h and sur?j'm a goobl warrant to get them a sed for. ye;. for I'm the chipel-.clcrk, and I- it?:will go hard with me if I >don't coax g lij riverainee to say a dozeni or two for Sye, bie;didef'always k'epigyou in his in & tintio "'. Anilniiow .ia a, dear,'don't.lib ,, ao~or, says Peter, in a ,ole mIighty sweat nd coaxing; ' don't, alanna, grudge me 'he use of-yer-skull just for one bit of an hour, while I make a guinea odt of it; sure it's not' every night ai -poor fellow thbe likes of me e?rn turn a penny this way. Stay, then, where *you are till'I come back; ;"'ll be here in no time, and I'll lave the skull, Goid'ilei it, just where'I found it; and, daddy :egr, 1I'l tell ye what's. more .I'll do if it -le plasing to you, now that I know fpr sartin it fs part of vourself, aend that you can't do without it at the day of judgment.'I'l come here to-morrow and put it under the clay, in the very spot were father and mother -are buried, and where I myself -will be put when I'm buwied, glory be to God, and won't that plase you I do, heaven's rest. and attend ye, and don't say against my lhaving an hour's loan of your skull. With that' Pethereen cast ii'fond but 'fearful look towards his grandfather, but now he sav nothing, the light was gone, nothing was to be-seen but darkness, no sound but the wind sighing through the ivy leaves. Silence gives consifit, says Peter; so tying up with two good knots the skuill in 'his handkerchief, home he comes by. the way be went, finds his com pany still a drinking, lays down his skull before them, and gets his guinea ;-for I'd be glad to know who dare refuse or say he had-not won -his wager, seeing as how Peter proved his courage, an'i would stand hefore any of them, when he -had just been after facing a ghost. It "was said Peter was as good as his word, and kept his promise to his grandfather's ghost, for he did 'bring back the skull, and did put it decently under the clay, -where it's- reating, for aught 'I know, to this very "day'"--Otwa? s' Sketches is 'Erris. 