GHOST DISCUSSION AT THE SCHOOL OF ARTS. ON Monday evening, the lecture room of the School of Arts was crowded to the doors long before the time announced for taking the chair, and at length there was scarcely standing room. Besides members, about sixty strangers paid for admission. The Rev. D. Mackenzie, having taken the chair, Mr. Rennie produced his budget of papers, written by those who were too modest to take part in the debate viva voce. "A Mechanic"; expressed himself highly pleased with such an opportunity of writing; "Rhom- [?]" had translated a spectre story from the German of Langbein; "T. Wasu," gave a Devonshire spectre story of a donkey, which frightened a milk-woman for watering her milk; and "Brither Scot," a long and awful story of a "Ghaist," in Scottish blank verse. The Chairman, by way of preface, facetiously [?] what he said he intended as his speech, [?] was not a speech at all but an apology for one. Mr. Vannett, in explanation of his previous speech, gave some good spectre stories from the Saturday Magazine, capable, as he thought, of simple and non-supernatural expo- sition. Mr. Rennie, however, by reference to known facts in natural history, showed that [?] of his expositions, so far from being easy were quite impossible. Mr. Fletcher, in an excellent speech full of [?] saws and modern instances that supported the reality of ghosts, giving amongst other authentic proofs, the well-known stories of the Deptford Dock-yard White Lady, who was ball proof; and of the ghost of Mr. Fisher, seen by Mr. Hurley, of Campbelltown, and sworn to before Mr. Howe, of Glenlee, J.P., which led to the detection and execution of Fisher's murderer. The Rev. Mr. Atkins, of Norfolk Island, in a strictly logical, systematic, and eloquent speech, maintained the reality of spectral ap- paritions;--first, from the authority of Scrip- ture; second, from the deductions of reason; and third, from the testimony of experience. The Rev. gentleman was loudly applauded. Mr. John Davies, in a capital speech, gave some cleverly told stories of apparitions, par- ticularly an Irish one of a spectral hand during a trial at the Cork Assizes, descending from the ceiling of the Court House, and snatching up a tankard (if we heard aright) and loudly de- manding "JUSTICE!" The audience seemed disposed to rank many of Mr. Davies's facts (?) amongst American long-bowisms. Mr. Redmond produced a volume of the Encyclopædia Perthensis, and began to read something about Necromancy, when he was reminded that this was not the subject in ques- tion. Objection was also made to his reading instead of speaking; to which Mr. Rennie replied, that it was the chief object of these debates to accustom young men like Mr. Red- mond to speak in public, and unless they were occasionally allowed to read they were apt to become flurried and to lose the train of their thoughts; but now, long papers would not be allowed to be read as speeches, since they could be sent to the Committee of papers. As several gentlemen wished to speak and as it was late (10 o'clock), Mr. Rae moved an adjourn- ment which was seconded and carried. Mr. Slatterie (who facetiously premised that he had secured his steam speech [see Herald of Tues- day week] by a safety valve), said he had a budget of ghost stories written, and well written too, by boys at Sydney College for next Monday. Mr. Rennie solicited the ladies and gentlemen of the audience, or their friends out of doors, to send to the Committee as many subjects as they might consider good for discussion, and for keeping up the great interest which the public evidently take in these debates. PRBSBTTXJUAN l. scrim as ox mst SABBATH.. -The reporter of the Kev. Dr. Long's lecture oa Sabbath Observance requests permission to state that this lecture wis nat, ia any tense of the word, political, but strictly tu accordance with what is anirersslly considered to bethe proper character of discourses from the Pro- testant pulpit. I. Showing the origin of the Sabbath and the command to keep lt holy, which was his text (Exod. xx. 8, &c.;) ; 2. The manner of keeping it holy ; and 3. The punish- ment for breaking the Divine command. ACTS OF COUNCIL.-\Te would recommend our country fi ¡ends to preserve the Supplement to thia day's Herald, which contains the Amended Squatting Act, passed by the Legislative Council PUBLIC HEALTH - SYDNEY SLAUGHTER HOUSES.— The inhabitants of the western sec- tion of Bathurst-street are complaining loudly, and with good reason, of the abomisable stench with which their houses are filled whenever the wind blows from the northward. The noxious effluvia evidently has its origin from the slaugh- ter houses on the north of the street. MAIDA VALK.-At half past six this evening,' Mr. Joseph Simmons will bring to the hammer, thc beautiful estate of Maida Vole, Cottage, residence and allotments being the key to Gipps Town by water, this vs a property deserving spirited competition on the patt of speculators and those seeking a delightful retreat à1 short distance from Sydney, land and water carriage are great benefits and certainly must eventually tend to increase to an enormous extent the value of this beautiful property. Maida Vale is distant from Sydney we believe about six miles. -Communicated. 