SWDNETY UOITOR CDOM EREIAL ADVERTISER i FnmDrT Moon INGo, OcTomnx"15, 1841. Nothing extenuate, oar aught set down .in nauioe. SnarsYAuas. The Catholic Institute ,-AWD 'SOCIEIgY FOR THE PROPOGATION teGF' \- TIlE' FAITH. We notice, isryesterday's" GThro nicle, the repert < of a Meeting, under the. above title, held at the ." atholic Sihdol 'Roomi Castlerpagh.atreet, on * Tueaslay' evening'.last. .Among other vagaries * enacted upon the occasion, a Lieutenant Small is :.brought forward, apparently as an additional witness on behalf of the Polding libel, and this Gentleman is made to talk alter lthe- following t:tashion : " He begged leave to read an"extrrnt'from the Australian of that day, relative to Dr. Polding's speech at the great meeting in London. [Here Mr. Small read the extract.] In consequence of the-remarks.made by the editor upon.shat speech, he. had . referred to the general standing orders, published by authority, and-printed by the go. vernment printing press in 102 and 1806, and in'pages 7,and 9 of vol. i., he found that -the ' PIRINCIPAL part of their respected prelate's * assertion was-fully borne out." If Mr. Small, instead ofredding"the Australiani, had read the Monitor, we suspect he would not d. have been. aeready -with .his reply to-what has been written about 'Dr. 'Polding and the great Smee ing in London. But without reference o" this part o' the business, we cannot do less. than " call the attention of the Public-to the exemnme • candour and. impartiality of .this Gentleman, \- who, it seems, has referred to the famous S' gen'eral standing orders" and having done so. Snow pledges his honour and veracity that the \- PRINCIPAL part of Dr..Poldiag'a statement is corret I. .Whatthen?-is there only a.partes, oD?fPold Slug's statement correct ? JI there one portion of it trtirlA and. thbd'bher portion of it a LIE? " Why it is to establish this last-named fact that we. have been battling with the Chronicle for the last fo'tnlght--when, o ! ,all of a sudden satdlki forth this Lieutenant Small;tlike the Ghost otBanquo -.befosw'the conscience'stricken regicide--and tells -eu with an air of the coolest assurance-that a part only of the Bishop's statement is correct i The question then arises-what part ofDr. Pold 'lng's statementis correct ? Mr. Small.rays, the \- ia-j;C:IR?L parf." Msat.whatin. this Gentle "ian'sopinion may be the "principalipart," would probably, .to an unprejudiced mind, be a very SMALL part indeed. Once establish thefact that the whole is not the TRUTH, and a doubt is im m sediately cast, pon .the.statementrwhich no sub s- equent explanation on, the ,.part citder of Mr. Spnall,.or'of the Chronicle can remove. After'thisunparalleled act of parricide, In respect othis spiritual Father, after this violent and on \- expected murder of Dr. Polding's veracity--Mr. Smiall prceede-:- _'sIndeed,,what the ,Bishop` had said res.., petting the Very Reverend Mr. Flynn had not -been,as it could not be, denied. It only then s remained to show that the latter part of his assertion might also be sustained; namely, that here persecution did exist, and that there was little reasoir to expect alny favourable result unless therewa-s some one on. the spot to support them. 1F(Liebtethant-Small), begged leave to obs",rve ,that he entered upon that part of the-subject -with \- some degree of'unwillingneas, burhe felt bound in conscience to advert todt, Was 'it no wrong, ?has'it no injustice, - that a sblemn act of the British parliament should be evaded and set at ,nought by a mere paid police magistrate in an obscure district of the Colony ? Was there no wroig done to Catholics by this paid magistrate ,"taking upon himself to discharge from their situations two'Cathdlic constables, one of-whom had fought for his king and country, merely because they. would not attend his lay aermons . (cheer) ? ' He asked again, was it no grievance: ' that the same stipendiary should placard the front of-the court house.in which he presided with' \- lirge. paperthlat '!none _bt . Protestants need 'apply," for the vacant taituations " ? \- Withall 4dnedeferonce to Mr. Small,, we beg ,leave to say that " what the Bishop 'had said krespectiag the.Very Roev. Mr. O'Elynn" has been not merely- denied but most satisfactorily dipro .eed in this Journal,-the best evidence of which ,is the Chronicle's silence upon the point. The .,a- mre revival of the old piece of humbug. 'We .thought that enough had been said to 4the .Oronicle .upon this sufjict, but if Mr. Small insistss.pon playing .Bully Bottonm, rieaven. forbid- we should, interfere with so laud qhle an ,intention. .It is,.-ofcourse, for this .gev?lemah's consileration, .whether anch a cha Sraenere suits his years and capacity. This much sweswll take leave to say-that loudly as Doctor ]Polding .and the Chronicle have talked Labout *oathoi persecutruliotn--all tlie facts they can ad Sduce are these, 'that two constables were dismis s.eead b'eetase they riefusedto attend a Protestant Conventicle, and th$t the Magistrate who was S:"ilty of this 411.jitdged proceeding, carried his w :int of cninoa-Eonase still'further, by announc ing. tbat candidates for the vacant aituations, -antless Protestants, seed not apply. This, if true, is a solitary case of ita kind, throughout the -whole Colony. It i the sole exception to saaho.untlfrm kindness and good-faithl with which the Catholics are treated.- The Chronicle and Mdr. Small,. an thbabntrary, would have us believe that suach cases formn the rule, and that the re vese of the Magistrate.s conduct is the exception. Jiae pailic sipow this to ibe false, and we say moreover, that if the two constables were-really and truly dismissed for the reasons above-enen tioned, and obtained. no, redress, it was because they never applied for it. After this exposure of the extraordinary pro ,ceedings at the meeting of the " Catholic Insti tute and Society for the 4'ropagation of the Faith;" we doubt if'the reader will be surprised at the following anomalous resolutien. which was proposed towards the close of the proceedings, and as the text informs us, " carried amidst great applause." Mlk. Small. having, in the trat in. -stance, been at great pains to inform his hearers, that the WHOLE of Dr. Polding's statement is not true, adds the quality of consistency to those of impartiality and candoue, by moving "' That the thanks of..this meeting are .due and are hereby given to the Right Rev. Dr. Poldiug, 'for his PFAITHFUL representation of the per secutions suffered for religion in this colony, and his able advocacy of our cause at the annual meetting of the institute held in London-in May -last." 'That nothing may bewanting to -complete the far1e, this resolution is seconded by no less a! person- than Mr. W. A. Duncan, who takes the rery favourable opportunity of publicly recanting hlserrors, as shown and exhibited in the leading artlcles of this Ckronicle, on the " Flog. .ging Qestion," slance the 30th September, inst.] SHe." Mr. Duncan, '-" concurred fully in -whal. Aad been said by Mr. Small." Then, of course' Mr. Dunoariand Mr. Small, having referred to the "generalorders," both agree that-the WHOLE. of Dr. Polding's statement is-not the truth. We" .are l?dabted to the " CatholicInstitute and So. ciety for the Propagation of the Faith," if for no other thing, at-least for affording Mr. Duncan an opportunity for a public recantation at once gra- tifying and unexpected. -·:4 