TAX/ ' "vr ' ' ',ls¥iSiv>pP refers to a matter not altogether alien itpi our Colonial discussions : it is a candid reference to. a very difficult question, and as such, we insert it. As the whole subject of our administrative policy in- India will be discussed in the ensuing session of Parliament, we have been anxious to direct public attention to it by anticipation; and there is no branch of it upon which so much lias been written and so little read as the Land Tax. This may be partly accounted for by the unattractive form in which writers have treated it, every one having some particular theory about rent of his own, while it is utterly impossible for any one theory to be applicable' to all countries. The best way to deal with such a subject is to lobk at the practical effects. If land is thrown out of cultivation by rent, or a land tax, it is quite evident that the impost upon the land is too heavy even for the purposes of revenue ; and if depopulation goes on at the same time, no other proof is required that the people suffer from impolitic oppression. We have on a former occasion said, that we are not amongst the number who attribute to the East India Company or the Board of Control any self ish feeling ; but, at the same time, we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that the present system is not a wise one. " It is really lamentable," says Dr. Spry, in his work on Modern India, (speaking of the beautiful districts of Sohagpur and Munlah) " to see a place so finely situated, and formerly so flourishing, now entirely surrounded by terrific jungles and sunk into decay. A remarkable remnant of what it once was is to be seen in a beautiful grove of cyprus trees, now looking as it were a haunt for the ghosts of departed sages. The few husbandmen who now go there are soon attacked with disease and die. Respectable occupiers will not occupy a district that, from oppression or any other calamity, has become depopulated." The oppression , it should be re marked, is not the result of intentional tyranny, but of a mistaken fiscal system. In the Marquis of Cornwallis's time, one-third of the territory of -Hindostan had retrograded into jungle; and some idea of the rate at which this decivilising and depopulating process has since been going on may be gathered from the state of the island of Salsette, (annexed to Bombay) "which," says Mr. Richard, " might have been a garden for the overflowing wealth of the Presidency, but which has now become the abode of tigers." Of the almost instant effect Which a too exorbitant assessment upon land has in India, an illustration has been afforded by the Neilgherries. " What," says -Mr. Brown of Telliclierry, " is this region wlrch is in progress of being converted into a wilderness. It is one the possession which is the same as if a part of the south of France or north of Italy had been transplanted and set down inMadraS ; a region blessed with a very fertile soil, and the salubrious climate of the temperate : zone ; highly restorative in most tropical maladies, $ and particularly : delightful at the season of year ; when the heats rage in the countries below, and render change to such a scene and temperature ft" priceless bounty, which one would think Provi- ; dence had bestowed upon all Europeans in India, A for the .express restoration and preservation of health, and the mental energies. But the land WSseesment has expelled the natives out of it, who .. 'were converting the land into gardens ; it starves fhe Europeans out of it, and forces them to the ' Gape/' We could quote almost ad infinitum to the same purport ; but the average decrease of A India may be succinctly gathered from a statistical memorandum by Colonel £Sykes. He took eight towns (or rather townships) ,jn different parts of the country, for the purpose of ascertaining the increase or decrease of culti vation ; and. the result of the comparison was as follows :4-jFrom 1787 down to 1818, the average breadth of land under cultivation was 43,458 ' kegahs, and this was under the native govern ment. . In 1828, under British government, there were only 19,817 begahs under cultivation and, ike rcvchtie from the lartid fax fell off nearly 20 I .. , 1 ' i. . ' , - -V ' per cent. This is quits "conclusive that the tax on the land had been raised to an impolitic amount, even for the purpose of revenue ; but the extraordinary phenomenon of more than one half of the land having been thrown out of cultivation during the course of ten years, is a matter for more serious consideration as regards good and wise government. To alter the tenure of land in our Indian pro vinces would be an experiment upon which we should be diffident in pronouncing a- judgment. There is a peculiarity in our political power over that country which takes its administration out of the ordinary rules of policy ; and the great differ ence of opinions amongst thoSe who have studied the question makes us hesitate in hazarding one of our own. The experiment was made in Bom- hay by Sir Robert Grant, and the Bombay Cham ber of Commerce, in their report to the London East Indian and China Association, spoke very favourably of its results. The Glasgow Asiatic Society also, in the memorial to the East India Company, strongly recommended it ; and yet, for some reason which does not appear, the Board of Control authoritatively discontinued the system wheh Sir Robert Grant introduced. There seems indeed, to be a strong prejudice in this coun try against venturing upon any change of system as regards real property in India — a prejudice with which it would be.idle at present to contend ; and practical men, therefore, confine themselves to the object of improving the system which is likely for some time to prevail. It is now thirty. three years since Sir Thomas Munro first pointed out that no private landed property can exist where the Government taxes the land to more than one-third of its produce "land being then no longer saleable, and often abandoned." Mr. M'Culloeh calculates the rent of land in England at a fifth of the produce ; possibly all the charges on land amount to as much, but rent alone certainly does not ; and it is manifest that there can be no rent where the Government steps in and exacts three times as much of the produce as an ordinary landlord would receive. Yet this is what the Indian Government does. It exacts three- fifths of the produce, and drives land out of cultivation by rendering it unprofitable. The great, secret of fiscal .finance is not to tax an article excessively, but so to tax it that the quan tity of the article taxed shall arrive at its maximum. If, by a reduction of the Indian land tax, more land. was brought hack into cultivation, the Go vernment might receive more from a low tax than from the high one ; and, independent of tliis con sideration, India would be to us all the more valuable as her population increased. Every begah of land in India thrown out of cultivation is so much property, lost to us— as much so as if an equal quantity of land of similar quality was cut off from our own coast. A barren accession of land is only an incumbrance ; because it costs more for government, as regards military occupa tion and police surveillance, than a thriving and populous district and brings in return nothing but endemic diseases. If th e Government tax on land in India was reduced to Sir Thomas Munro's scale even, it is probable that, the gross amount would not he less than it is now ; and, on the other hand, it is. quite certain, that as India raised more pro duce, she would consume more of our manufac tures. An inexorable creditor demanded the payment of a bill from H. T— — . " I cannot pay you . at present," quoth T— — , looking really sorry for his ina-bill-ity. " Then, I'll make you," exclaimed the hard pusher. " Thank you," cries the hard- pushed, coolly ; " if you ean make me, I shall feel much obliged, as I cannot do it without your assistance." The Steam Navigation Company, which was establishment at the Cape, and which so unfor tunately lost tlieir first vessel, were taking steps for putting another boat on the coasting station, where the advantages of it were fully shown and appreciated. The vessel is to be purchased in England, and in order to save time, not to be built on purpose,1 