i THE GHOST. The following laughable story is taken from the thirteenth number of Charles O' Mailer/ ; or the Irish Dragoon, It is an incident in the life of the worthy parent of Micky Free, whom we find amusing O Malley with the relation : — " Well, I believe your honor heard me tell long ago how my father left the army, and the wny that ho took to another line of life that wns more to his liking. And so it was, he was happy ns the day was long ; he drove n hearse for Air. Cnllaghan of Cork, for many years, and a plen- snnt place it was ; for yon see my father was acute nan, and knew something of the world, and, though he was a droll devil, and could sing n funny song when he wns among the boys, no sooner had he the big black clonk on him and the weepers, and lie seated on the high box with the six long-tailed blacks before him, you'd rcnlly think it was his own mother was inside, he looked so melancholy and miserable. The sexton nnd grave-digger was nothing to my father ; and he had a look about his eye, to be sure there wns a reason for it, thnt you'd think lie wns up all night crying ; though it's little indulgence lie. took that way. " Well, of all Mr. Callnghnn's men, there was none so grent a favourite ns my father : the neigh bours were nil fond of him. " ' A kind crayture every inch of him,' the women would sny. ' Did ye see his face at Mrs. Delany's funeral V " ' True for you,' another would remark, 'he mistook the road with grief, and stopped at a she been house instead of Kilmurry church.' " I need say no more, only one thing that it was principally nmong the farmers and the coun try people my father wns liked so much. The great people and the quality — I ax your pardon j but sure isn't it true, Mr. Charles, they don't fret so much after their fathers nnd brothers, nnd they enro little who's driving them, whether it was a decent respectable man like my father, or a chnji with a grin on him like n rnt-trnp ! And so it happened, thnt my father used to travel half the country ; going here and there wherever there was trade a stirring ; and, fnix, n man don't think himself rightly buried if my father wnsn't there : for you see lie knew all about it ; ho could tell to n quart of spirits what would he wanting at a wake ; he knew all the good crycrs for twenty miles round ; and I've heard it was n beautiful sight to sec him standing on the top oi a hill, ar- ranging the procession, ns they walked into the church-yurd, nnd giving the word like a captain. " ' Come on, the stiff" now, — now the friends of the still-, — now do poplncc.' " That's whnt he used to sny, and, troth, he was always repenting it, when he wns a little gone in drink, — for that's the time his spirits would rise, — and he'd think he was burying half Mini ster. " And sure it was a rcnl pleasure and a pride to he buried in these times ; for as it wns only n small farm with a potntoc garden, my father would come down with the black cloak on him, nnd three yards of crape behind his hat, and set all the children crying and yelling for half a mile round ; and then the way he'd walk before them with a spade on his shoulder, and sticking it tiown in the ground ; clap his lint on the top oi it, to mnke it look like u chief mourner. It ivus a heautilul sight !" " But, Mike, if you indulge much longer in this flattering recollection of your father, I'm afraid we shall lose sight of the ghost altogether." " No fear in life, your honour, I'm coming to it now : well, it was this way it happened. — In the winter of the great frost, about lorty-two or forty- three years ago, the ouhl priest of Tulloclmiumiy took ill and died ; he was sixty years priest of the parish, and mightily beloved by all the people, nnd good reason for it ; a plcnsnnter tnun, arid a more social crayture never lived : 'twas himself uns the lilu of the whole countryside. A wed ding nor a christening wasn't lucky av he wasn't present, sitting at the top of the table, with may lie his arm round the bride herself, or the hahy on his lap, a smoking jug of punch before him, nml as much kindness in his eye us would make the fortunes of twenty hypocrites if they had it among them. Ami then he. was so good to the poor; the priory was always full of ould men and ould women, sitting around the big lire in the kitchen, that the cook could hardly get near it. There they were eating their meals and burning their shins, till they were speckled like n trout's hack, nnd grumbling nil the time ; hut Father Dwyer liked them, and lie would have them, " ' Where have they to go,' he'd say; av it wnsn't for me ; ' give .Molly Kinchelu a lock of that bacon. Tim, it'sn could morning. Will ye have a taste of the dew V " " Ah ! that's the wny he'd spake to them -. but sure goodness is no warrant for living, any more than devilment ; and so he got could in his feet nt a station, and he rode home in the heavy snow ivitliout hisbig.cont — for he gave it to n blind mnn on the road — in three days lie wns dead. " I see your getting impatient; so I'll not stop to sny what grief wns in the pnrisli when it was known: hut troth there never was seen the like before ; not a crayture would lift a spade for two two days ; and there was more whiskey sold at thnt time than nt the whole Ulster fair. Well, on the third day the funeral set out, and never was the equal to it in them parts ; first, there wns my Aitlmi lin anmn Knpplnl frnm Pnrlf U'ifh tltr> civ horses all in new black, with the plumes like little poplar trees, then came Father Dwyer, fol lowed by the two coadjutors in beautiful sur plices, walking hare-head, with the ltttle boys of the priory school, two and two." ' Well, Alike, I'm sure it was very fine ; but for heaven's sake spare me all these descriptions, and get on with the ghost." " ' Faith your honour's in a grent hurry for the ghost; may be you won't like him when ye have him, but I'll go faster if you please. Well, Father Dwyer, ye see, wns horn at Aghnn-lish, of an ould iiunily, and he left it in his will that he was to be buried in the family vault ; and, as Aghnn-lish was eighteen miles up the mountains, it wns getting late when they drew near. By thnt time the grent procession wns all broke up and going home. The coadjutors stopped to dine at the ' Blue Bellows' nt the cross-ronds ; the little boys took to pelting snow halls ; there was n fight or two on the way besides, and, except nn ould denf fellow that my father took to mind the horses, lie wns quite alone. Not that he minded that same ; for when the crowd was gone, my father began to sing a droll song, and tould the deaf chap that it was a lamentation. At last they came in sight of Aghnn-lish. It was a lonesome, melnneholy looking place, with nothing near it except a few old fir trees, and a small slated house with one window, where the sexton lived, and even thnt same wns shut up, and a padlock on the door. Well, my father was not over pleased nt the look of matters ; hut, as he was never hard put to what to do, he nianuged to pat the coffin into the vestry ; and then when hu unharnessed the liorses he sent the deaf fellow with them down to the villuge to tell the priest that the corpse was there, and to come up curly in the morning and perform mass. The next thing to do wns to make iiimse f comfortable for the night ; and then lie made a roaring fire on the old hearth — for there wns plenty of bog fir there — closed the windows with the black cloaks, and wrapping two round himself, lie sat down to cook a little supper he brought with him in case of need. " Well, you may 'think it wns melancholy enough to pass the night up there alone, with a i corpse in nn old ruined church in the middle of the mountains, the wind howling about on every side, nnd the snow drift heating against the walls; but ns the fire burnt brightly, nnd the little plate of rashers and eggs smoked temptingly before him, my father mixed a jug of the strangest punch, nnd sat down as happy as a king. As long as he wns eating uwny, he had no time to ho thinking of nnything else ; hut when nil wns done and he looked about him, he began to feel very low and melnneholy in his heart. There was the grent black coffin on three chnirs in the corner ; nnd then the mourning cloaks that he had stuck up against the windows moved backward and forward like living things ; and outside, the wild cry of tho plover ns he flew past, nnd the night-owl sitting in n nook of the old church. ' 1 wish it was morning, any how,' says my father ; ' for this is n lonesome place to he in ; nnd filix, he'll he a cunning fellow that catches me passing the night, this way ngnin.' Now there was one thing dis tressed him most of all : my fnther used to make fun of the ghosts and specrits the neighbours would tell of, pretending there wns no such thing ; and now the thought came to him, ' maybe they'll revenge themselves on me to-night when they linve me up here nlonc ; nnd with that he made another jug stronger than the first, nnd tried to remember a few prayers in case of need ; but somehow his mind wns not too clear, and he said nfterwurds he wns always mixing up ould songs and toasts with the prayers, nnd when he thought he had just got hold of a beautiful psalm, it would turn out to be ' Tatter Jack Walsh,' or Limping James,' or something like that. The storm, meanwhile, wns rising every moment, nnd parts of the old nbbcy were failing, as the wind shook tiie ruin, nnd my fathers sperits, notwithstanding the punch, were lower than ever. " ' 1 mnde it too weak, said he, ns he set to work on a new jorum ; nnd troth this time that wns not the fault of it, for the first sup nearly choked him. '"'Ah!' snid he now, ' I knew what it wns ; this is like the thing ; ami, Mr, Free, you are be ginning to feel easy and comfortable, pass the jug; your very good health and song. I'm a little hoarse it's true, but if the company will excuse — ' "And then he began knocking on the table with his knuckles as if there was n room full of people asking him to sing. In short, my father was drunk as a fiddler ; the Inst brew finished him ; and he bngnn roaring away nil kinds of droll songs, nnd telling nil manner of stories, as if he was nt a great party. " While he wns capering this wny nbout the room, he knocked down his lint, nnd with it a pack of cards he put into it before leaving home, for he was mighty fond of a game. " Will ye take u hand Mr. Free I ' snid he, ns he gathered them up, nnd sat down behind the fire. " ' I'.",1 convnnient,' snid he, nnd began dealing out as if there wns a partner furnenst him. " When my father used to get this fur in the story, he became confused, lie says, that once or twice he mistook the liquor, and took a pull at the bottle of polteen instead oi the punch : and the last thing lie remembers was asking poor Father Dwyer if ho would draw near to the fire, and not he lying there near the door, " With that he slipped down on the ground, and fell last asleep. How long he lay thnt way lie could never tell. When he awoke and looked up, his hair nearly stood an end with fright. W lint do you think lie seen fornenst him, sitting at the other side of the fire, but Father Dwyer himself, there he was, divil a lie in it, wrapped up in one of the mourning cloaks, trying to wuriii his hands nt the fire. "' Suli-choc nomine patri !' said my father, crossing himself ; nv it's your ghost, God pre serve me !' " ' Good evening t'ye, Mr. Free,' said the ghost ; "and nv I might he bould, what's in the jug?' — for ye see my father hud it under his arm fast, nml never lot it go when he wns usleep. " ' Filter noster qui es in potteen sir,' snid my father, for the ghost didn't look pleased at his talking Latin. " ' Ve might have the politeness to nx if one hail a inoutli on him,' then snys the ghost. " ' Sure, 1 didn't think the like of you would taste sperits.' " ' 'Fry me,' said the ghost ; nnd with thnt lie filled out n glass, and tossed it otF like a chris tian. "'Beamish!' said the ghost, smacking his hps. " 1 The same,' snys my father ; nnd ' sure anil what's happened you has not spoilt your taste.' " ' If youd mix n little hot,' sny's the ghost, I'm thinking it would he better; the night is mighty sevnre.' " ' Any thing thnt your revcrnnce pleases,' says my father, ns he began to blow up a good fire to boil the water. "'And what news is stirring?' says the ghost. " ' Devil a word, your reverance: your own funeral wns the only thing doing last week ; times is had ; except the measles, there's nothing in our parts.' " ' And we're quite dead hereabouts too' says the ghost. " ' There's some of us so, anyhow,' says my futher, with a sly look, " Taste thnt, your reverance.' " ' Pleasant and refreshing,' says the ghost ; ' nnd now, Mr. Free, what do you sny to u little spoil five, or beggar my neighbour ?' What will ye play for?' says my fnther; for a thought just struck him, — muy be it's some trick of the devil to catch my soul.' " ' A pint of Beamish,' snys the ghost. " ' Done,' says my father; 'cut for deal ; the nee of clubs ; you have it.' " Now the whole time the ghost wns dealing thoenrds, my futher never took his eyes oil him, for he wasn't quite nsy in his mind at nil ; but when hesnw him turn up the trump, and take a strong drink ufterwards, he got more nt ease, nnd began the game. " IFnw Innor flmv nlntrml it to rtn known ; but one thing is sure, they drank a cruel deal of spirits; three qunrt bottles my father brought with him were all finished, nnd by thnt time his brain was so confused with the liquor, and all lie lost,— for somehow lie never won n game, — that lie was getting very quur- rclsome. " ' You have your own luck of it,' savs he at last. " ' True for you ; and, besides, we play n grent deal where I come from.' " ' I've heard so,' snys my futher. ' I lend the knave, 6ir,' 'spades! hud cest to it, lost ngain.' ' Now it was really very distressing; for by this time, though they only began for n pint of Beamish, my futher went on betting till he lost the hearse and all the six horses, mourning cloaks, plumes, nnd every thing. " 'Are you tired, Air. Free? maybe you'd like to stop ?' " ' Stop ! fuith it's a nice time to stop ; of course not.' " ' Well, whnt will you play for now ?' "'The wny he said these words brought a trembling all over my futher, and his blood cur dled in his heart. ' Oh murtherl' says lie to himself, ' it's my soul lie's wanting all tluB time.' ' I've mighty little left,' snys my father, looking at him keenly, while lie kept shuffling the cards ns quick ns lightning. " Alighty little ; no mutter, we'll give you plenty of time to pay, and if you can't do - it, it shall never trouble you us loop as puu live,' ' ' Oil, you murthcring devil ! says my father flying at him witli u spade that he had behind his chair, ' I've found you out.' " With one blow he knocked him down ; and now a terrible fight begun, for the ghost was very strong too : hut my father's blood was up, and he'd have faced the devil himself then. They rolled over ench other several times, the broken bottles cutting them to pieces, and the chairs and tables crashing under them. At last the ghost took the bottle that luy on the hearth, I and levelled my fnther to the ground with 1 blow ; down he fell, and the botfie and the X 'f key were both dnshed into the fire : thnt w»« li I: end of it, for the ghost disappeared thnt innm 1 in n blue flame that nearly set fire to my father « J he lay on the floor. 3 r IE . " Och ! it wns n cruel sight to see him „» . morning, with his cheek cut open, nnd his hlf 1 all bloody, lying there by himself; all (ho broken glass, nnd the cards all round him U A coffin too was knocked down ofl- the chair mil ft he the ghost had trouble enough gclting into T 'I However thnt wns, the funeral wns put 0fT fnr " f day; for my fnther couldn't speak, and ns f„n I the sexton, it was a queer thing, hut when thev i came to call him in the morning, he hnd tJ IF blnck eyes, and a gnsli over his enr, nnd lie never II knew how he got them. It was easy enou-h I know the ghost did it; but my fnther kent !,h secret, and never told it to any man, wom n child in them parts." ' r 