COSHER, THE EGYPTIAN VISION. Spread below the glistening moonbeams \ Lay the desert bare and vast ; ' O'er it moved a mighty shadow, By no earthly being cast. Tow'rd those walls of Ptolemais Goeur- de- Lion stormed of old ; Silent passed the shade gigantic, ' T' As a shape by seers foretold. 'Twas not England's lion monarch, . >. He. who wore the cross divine, But a greater far than Richard, - Darkened now the white moon-shine, Pale his large imperial forehead, Terrible and fair bis face, Keen liis eyes' unwavering- glances, > Show the vision's gliding pace.'1'" And amid the palmy desert, f Higher he than e'en the palm, - Eyed the city's midnight ramparts, ' > With a granite -statue's calm. ' On those walls the turban ed warder, ! Heard a windy whisper sweep, Slowly rising mid the sand-was'e r Echoed o'er the billowy deep.'- Haughty bastions ! once ye foiled me, f Broke my fame's un conquered sword, Me,- whom Mantua's wklis withstood hot- Alexandria own'd as lord. : " ?T was the Briton's fated banner ' Charmed your toweys against my sway, jSaw my bravest thousands perisfly " . - k" Saw my glory melt away. Now ye ramparts, I am near yoti, Strengthening your inviolate town, For the flag of England hastens, t "Not to, save, but smite you dowrj. Be, "thou time-built boast of Acre, " Loftier now than e'en before ; . Thou that could'st endure my onset, 1 ' Ne'er must thou know or conquer ; Morning dawned — the shadow vanished And the voice had ceased to sound ; put a louder utterance followed . Crash on crash, and shook the ground ; From a thousand mouths of terror v Bolt on bolt is volleying fast, And above the smoky: darkness ; England's banner crowns the mast; jSlowly yields each solid bulwark ' To that iron tempest's power "; Till, as from a flaming furnace -Leaps to Heaven the central ?tower; peath is now in Acre's chambers, Horror cramps each living heart, And the few surviving warriors " O'er the broken walls depart, Night again is on the desert, " And again the mighty ghost, Now with darker, fiercer glances, i Broods above the routed host." pne, a wounded, hoary chieftain, ' Who had seen him in his pride When he led his bands to Acre, ; v Knows the look he- then defied? Now the aged warrior , sees him ' Torn, although a shade, by pain, Btalk in gloom along the desert, j gcar'd by England's ships again;, Far he flits where Egypt's ruins Spread their mounds along the Nile, Where the" pyramids of Pharaohs Cannot hear the thundering isle. Where the city of Iskander— (Greater name than even he) Listens ever to the booming . Of the melancholy sea. ' -There, beneath the stars of midnight, .Stands the sad heroic ghost, / Following with his gaze the billows As they journey round ti e coast ; And he seems to track them onward Till amid the Atlantic roar Steers, with all her sails, a vessel, Bearing still his tricolor : In it sleeps the moukl'ring relics — Whose great spirit marks them now ; White he sees that frigate's progress"' ' With intent and mournful brow. Tfley who guide her o'er the waters List'ning, start— they know nop why ; Can they hear the guns of Acre ?; Or that shadow's dreamy sigh ? . Like the kings of Kar-nac's temples- Like Sesostris' self he rose: ' s . Now with them he rests in darkness— Let him, War! at last, repose. Still white Britain's tale is chanted 'Till the stars of'tjirhe grow dim, 1 'Twill be bright among her glories That she never quailed to him. \- Joijn Sterling. 