MUTUAL INSURANCE ASSOCIATIONP . -C Yesterday afternoon the first annual.meeting of the Mutual Fire and Life Insurancu .Associaton was held in the Mlechanics' School of ,Arlts,,ltt. street. There, wus not a very numnerouss,attyndan?J of members of the association, owillng, as w??alp rnclined to think, to the unseasonable hour for which the meeting was called'bei'ig-iitl,-l1mili't ;f business hours. tAr. Bourne, ofL'Ptt-stredt, ?as tli the chair, and opened the business:oftheWe meeting by congratulating the members onaithe..prosperihy of the association, and said, thattheytnlhlýt slhbrtly rexpect two very effective euginesi froMdrlSnglandi us necuanlts had been received, in.thalcolony, lathel le vessel by which the order was sent for them iad arrived safe at Londonndon ; ad hoe also thoughti that the bill 'whti1bi ~had been passed by the legislative council rvould give permanency to the association. rThe.report which .would be read, he had no doubt would prove highly satisfactory. lilensri. Prosper De;Mestre, William Huskinson, J. Andrews, Brown, Ilunt, and John Archibald Campbell. were tlien elected directors for the ensuing ear; after which the report was read by Air. Sil litie, the secretary. It stated that as act of council had been obtained which not only gave full security to members, but also guaranteed that pro rvision should. be made for the'iudemnlllcation'of-the' directors in any,situation:in. which, they might be placed by a fire to'any considerable amount occur ring; that the fundamental'i'ules of the society' hpd been appended to'the act, and received the saneiion of the legislative council; but that still power woas left with the directors to make such bye laws hs might be cdnsidered 'necessary for the government of the society, which laws would be binding on all the members, provided 'tleyj were iii iccirdaibce with the act of cquncil, and had previous to their adoption received the sanction of the Chief 'Jusiice and the Attorney General ; and that twelve memnbers could at any time call a public meeting of the association to consider upon ?le bye laws proposed:by the di rectors. The repoet then went on to stae 'that the year ending 31st August, 1841, shewed a balance upon last year of £3,900; and the amount ot pro perty insured during the last twelve months' was £750,725; and the amount received up to the 31st of August, was £5295 10s 5d. The disbursemenits for the year had amounted to £1395 10s 5d; so that the association had at the close of the year a balance in the hands of the Sydney Banking Com pany of £3,900, which was bearing interest at the rate of seven per cent. ; and, after paying the ex penses of the establishment, they had, taking as real capital the remittances sent to England for the engines, and the four sets of valuable fire-ladders which had been purchased, a bona fide capital upon the year of £4,445 19s 4d. The assurances which had been ffetcted up to the present moment amounted to £633,133, and the balance in hand was £6950 18s, making nearly one per cent. upon the entire amount insured. During the last few days applications had been made, and were then under consideration, for the insurance of property to the additional anount of £73,200. 'The report also stated that during the last year property insiured with the association to the amount of ,142,100. had changed hands; but, as the policies etfected by.the association were not transferable, the parties who had become purchasers had in most cases reinsured, so that tile society had been gainers during the year of £935 15s 9d, owing to those circumstances. 'The report having been read, Mr H. Macdermott, in a very able speech, in which he stated the objects of the association, and clearly set forth its charac. teristics and adva.ttates, proposed that the report should be received and adopted, which was seconded by s\ir. E. Flood, and unanimously agreed to. A long conversation then ensued upon the expe diency or inexpediency of insuring property far a larger amount titan £10,000, where the block of Ibuldings were all under the same roof ; and also in cases where there were no party walls up to the roof, whether it would not be proper either to raise the rate of insurance, or discontinue the policy alto gether at tee close of the year. After the conver sation had continued for some time, it was agreed that the subject should be taken into con-ideration by the board of directors at the next mtonthly meet ing, which will be held on the first Wednesday in November, and at which all members who chose may attend, and have the opportunity of expressinag their opinions upon it. Mr. Hunt then proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman, deputy chairman, and directors, for the attention which they had on all occasions given ta the interests of the association, which, having been seconded, was unanimously adopted, and the meet ing then separated. NATHAN'S GRAND CONCERT.-We shall briefly notice the leading features of this con-. cert, which went off last evening with great eclat. The new glee, "Drink, drink," is decidedly good, and was well sung. Bishop's " Indian Drum," which followed, was given with Great skill and taste., and the orchestral accompaniments, which were com posed by Mr. Nathan for the occasion, had a very good effect. Of the "Aboriginal Mother," given on this occasion for the first time, we have already ex pressed our opinion, and have only to add that it was sung by Miss Rosetta Nathan with great feel ing. We shall he glad to hear it again; it will decidedly gain new favour by a better acquaintance. Rossini's "Now with grief" (Non pie mesta), which concluded the first part, was, we can say, without any exception, the best musical performance we have heard in the colony. It was loudly and very justly en- cored. Bishop's" Bid me discourse" was sung by Miss Jane Nathan with uncommon accuracy and taste. The orchestral parts to this song were also original, and would establish Mr. Nathan's abilities as a skilful harmonist if he had never written anything else. This song was duly encored. " Since 'tis plain," by Miss Jones, who showed very considerable progress in her singing; this song was sung in character, and was indescribably droll ; it was en cored. The exquisite duet " Vederlo sol bramo," by Paer, followed, sung by Misses Jane and Rosetta Nathan, and, whatever prejudice may say against Italian music, must have delighted every musical ear in the house. We wish we could hear such a composstion so well sung every evening of our life, and for ever after. Mr. Alfred Nathan's .' Won derful Man" was beyond our expectations -the introduction of Port Phillip and Parramatta was very clever. Miss Strickland and Msr. Falchon, were very successful in their two duets, which were well chosen. " Where is the Rover," was sung and repeated with renewed applause, by Miss Jane Nathan. 'The performance concluded by our ex cellent Australian anthem, " Long Live Victoria," which, being given with a very full chorus, was. most effective. The solos were sung in succession by Miss Jane Nathan, Miss Pettingell, and Miss Strickland. Altogether, this was a very fine per formance, and we cannot withhold our very decided praise from the beautiful juvenile academy with which Mr. Nathan was surrounded. As a contem porary has remarked, it is truly delightful to see Mr. Nathan giving hisa lessons to this little chorus; and we hope he will be encouraged as he really deserves in his efforts to advance his delightful art among us. The orchestra, including. the band of the 28th regiment. was led by Mr. Deane, in his usual able style. Of the attendance we can say it was very respectable but we regret to add it was not quite so numerous as we could have wished. It is here as elsewhere, many persons go to hear what the queen, or, the duke, or the governor, deigns to hear, and nothing else ; and we have no doubt the Governor's visit to Port Phillip lost Mr. Nathan the rents of some half dozen boxes. This is not as it should be--.but it is as the world goes, and it is too.old to mend. Let us I hope that the attendance at the second of the series will be more worthy of such talent and exertion.,' SUPREM[R Cou'r.--On 't'ioeday, Mr. Justic? Biuton,' with. Majot.silthie arid Ctptai'' Moore, as asses?on?;"at in t'~E? preme' cori,'b' tile only case that emh'beforbie their' Wa? lidt'f Burdeki'n v, LLussell, sn;action on a' irrliiniseryi?to' for £63, endorsed by the defendant. 'Th'e defethe was thatrwhen'the oatd'beeanle'due, the defmddant had given .theoiilaintiff f6 nut to iuiufilim"uobih ii,: in consequence of which a verdict wai'vgivsl foiriho dufendaot~ ,.Yesterday the: court wasaopen'on both sides, Mr. Justice Burton presiding In the first,' with Messrs. Dawson land .A. Ii. park, dthesssras, and several cases of slight interest, except to the payties copcernod, were dispuotd of.. Mlr. Justice otephlien sat'ir the'supplemental court, wthl lessrs, ? s'plll'.'and 'Gt~ais ass'simk' "atr~' T'he' causes tried belbor them were chiiejly upon promissory notes, ,nd'te'gi'rea!ter part of thse vere uiideftnded cases. 'the lorLt will open.gain at'il bo'eldlck' this nior'b-' ing; but terei will be no court tomorrow, as it is a day 'het opitrt for equity business.i' ' 'D:ARINO ROBBItiv.-A mnost'impu. dent tobbe'ylwss per)jetraied'yesteida. ab'tiout'b oo'i,' upon the' tiropcrty ol flMr. Jt·imnes ''loper, ''r~di grocer, of CIu'retilce.-streeti Mr.(~Couper is '.l'tiile hIabit of goitg round'the~town wltl a pobyjandc?'ri to hell fruit atid vegetables, and, whilst pursuihig his' occupation yesterday;rabout twelve o'cloccal-taEsler 1tAn,?.t,,pprcPov, ipapyage,elqdingi fromt Glduceitetr op portunity wh~en .?lr: •?u per was .ur{qundrd wilth' two or three female customerg, wilmeia oewas busily engaged in scrdih'd? a?ae' ed"c?dvasa bg out of the uari'tiu' whicli was betwei £'7"r;d 8L i money, anid made off elvith ut " M. 'Co'lmpe is4 tI'r itibiadc tiodo but; being an'old aihd' r?rm asis?t, as aitisable to follow the 'rateal; agnd;,' as" kliero unfortuiihtely hiappened to b'anobody abolr at the'tltm'e but ivWoiea, notVhitstaldioslhhtogaveh'an alarn)'tlhe.ridte got, clear off. lie Is, ilovever, well known ; ther' polide are on.,tlhUtlert for hlim, atitid it 'is tii bl ?tlaltl . jutstictwll speeldily overtake.hltm, ', .... I ., .RavIRw.-On ,Tuesday morning the `28th regiment was" reviewed by his excellency Sir Maurice O'Connell.and staff,. on the ground in the domain, at the back.of the hospital, when they went through a variety of military evolutions and tactics in a very soldierlike 'manner. There was by no means a large attendance of civilians on the ground, and hot nmre"thanhone'o'i tso carriages.' Yesterday the troops were inspected' in garrison by the com inander.in.chlef, wlmo expressed himself well satis fied 'vilti their'geietal appearance and discipline. MYSTERIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES - About six or seven weeks, ago application was made to Mr. Fitzpatrick, the assistant superintendent of the Sydney police, to know if he possessed or could obtain any information respecting a man named Michael Rhall, who had not been seen for some time. From the inquiries which have been made it appears that some time ago Rhall was employed at the sugar works of Mr. Knox Clilde, at Newtown, and that, during a temporary suspension of the masonry work, he went (but at what time does not exactly transpire) to assist a man named Euston in setting a clump of bricks in that neighbourhood, and that, since that day he had neither been seen or heard of, though a person is said to have seen him in Sydney on Tuesday; but little credit is attached to that report. Some circumstances of a rather sus picious nature have transpired concerning some of the parties with whom he was in the habit of asso ciating, but as further inquiries are on foot we forbear to say anything more at present. I NQUyISr'.- On"Tuesday afternoon an inquest was held at the Wheat Sheaf Inn, near the old toU! bar, George-street, on the body of Charles Brady, who died suddenly the previous day at the Five Dock Farm. Surgeon Cuthill, of the benevo lent asylum, 'having certified that death was pro duced by natural causes, a verdict to that effect was returned. NEW GovtRnNoR.-Tt was currently reported in London, at the sailing of the Garland Grove, that Major General Sir Octavius Carey ," had been appointed to an Australian Government." Whether this vflicer is to succeed Sir George Gipps, or Sir John Franklin, or to be the first governor of "' independent" Port Phillip, is not stated. We give the report as we receive it.-Alurray's RevIeo. D)OGS.-Ott Tuesday there were twelve cases brought- before the police bench of persons keeping unregistered dogs ; most of the parties were fined in the sum of ten shillings and five shillings casts. Mlichael Sheridan, of Phillip-street, was fined twenty shillings and five shillings costs, and John llenry Harris, of Phillip.street, not having appeared to answer the summons, was mulcted in the sunt of twenty shillings, and seven shillings costs; Mary Price, of the same street, was also fined in the like sum and costs, from a similar cause. 'iThe police seem determined to enforce the penalty provided by the act of council in these cases, and, we think, very properly; for there are by far too many of the cantne species kept by persons in Syd ney who ate scarcely able to keep themselves. We know individuals who keep two or three of these animals, anti have no earthly use whatever for them. 'T'hey are, in fact, a great nuisance, and in many instances a dangerous one, as scarcely a horseman can pass along some of the streets in Sydney without having half a dozen of these spiteful curs barking at his horse's heels. We hope, therefore, the police will not be remiss in following up these informations. COLONIAL STATISTICS.- FISHtERIEtS. -A return of oil, &c.;, exported from the colony of New South Wales from the year 1830 to 1840, in clusively :-1830, sperm whale, 983 tuns; black wlhale, 98 tuns; whalebone, 9 tons 16cwt.; seal skins, 9,720: value, £59,471.-1831, sperm whale, 1,67 tuns ; black whale, 605 tuns; whalebone, 28 tons 5 cwt.; seal skins, 4,424 : value, £95,969. 1832, sperm whale, 2,491 tuns ; black whale, 695 tuns; whalebone, 43 tons 6 cwvt.; seal skins, 1,415: value, £147,409.-1833, sperm whale, 3.048 tuns; black whale, 418 tuns; whalebone, none; seal skins, 1,890: value, £146 855.-?b34,sperm whale, 2.760 tuns; black whale, 975 tuns ; whalebone, 43 tons 15 cwt.; seal skins. 890 : value, £157,334. -1835, sperm whale, 2,898 tuns; black whale, 1,169 tuns ; whalebone, 112 tons; seal skins, 641: value, £180,349.-1836, sperm whale, 1,682 tuns; black whale, 1,149 tuns; whalebone, 79 tons; seal skins, 386 : value, £140,220.-1837, sperm whale, 2.559 tuns ; black whale, 1,565 tuns ; whalebone, 77 tons 8 cwt.; seal skins, 107: value. £183,122. -1838, sperm whale, 1,891 tuns; black whale, 3,055 tuns; whalebone, 174 tons; seal skins, 3 cases: value, £197,644.-1039, sperm whale, 1,678 tuns; black whale, 1,229 tuns; whalebone, 134 tons 14 cwt.; seal skins, 7 cases: value, £172,315. -1840, sperm whale, 1,854 tuns; black whale, 4,297 tuns; whalebone, 250 tons; seal skins, 474 : value, £224,144. AGRICU LTUR.-The number of acres of land in cultivation in this colony, exclusive of gardens and orchards, on the 31st of December, 1839, was 95,512; and, on the 31st of December, 1840, there were' 126,116 acres of land in cultiva tion ; so that 30,604 acresof land have been brought into cultivation during the year 1840. The produce of cultivated land in 1839 amounted in various kinds of grain to 1,431,759 bushels, and, in 1840, to 2.,078,371 bushels, being 646,612 bushels more than the produce of 1839. Of the land in cultivation in 1839 there were 14,073 acres upon which potatoes, tobacco, and hay were grown; and the quantity of these articles grown during that year amounted to 28,649 tons 16 cwl. In 1840 the number of acres under cuilivation for the production of these last named articles was 1:5,696, and they produced of them 32,594 tons 15 cwl. NEWS AND RUMOURS OF TIlK DAY. -On ilonday morning about sixty convicts were removed from the gaol at Darlinghurst to Cockatoo Island; amongst them was M1'?lullen, who was convicted at the late crimimnal sittings of rape. There are about eighty or ninety inflormations pre. pared against persons:for keeping unregistered dogs. "-T'he gang of men who were employed on the repair of Clarencestreet have been removed, leaving the worst part of the street in nearly as bad a state as before tliey commenced.—It is rumoured that Signor Dallo Case has rented the piece of land formerly known as Polack's horse and carriage bazaar, at the corner of George and Hunter streets, for the purpose of erecting a temporary amphitheatre for the exhthition of feats of homsemanship, and such theatrical representations in which that noble and sagacious animal may be introduced. There can be no doubt but such a speculation would tell well for the Signor's exchequer.—The members of the debating society attached to the School of Arts decided by vote, on Monday evening, that "It is not expedient that ladies should have the same edu cation as gentlemen"—The convict who was cap- tured on Surry Hills the other day, and gave his name as George Robinson, has been identified as Richard Riley, per Sarah, 1829; under sentence for life. He absconded from the service of Colonel Morrisset, of Bathurst, in 1834 ; was never reported, and has been at large ever since ; and he has latterly been cohabiting with a female in Castlereagh-street. There is a charge against him or having stolen pro perty in his possession. On Tuesday he was exa amined before Captain Innes, at Hyde Park barracks, and was sentenced to be worked for two.years in an ironed gang.—It is rumoured, but we know not on what foundation, that the celebrated John Thomas Wilson may be expected in Sydney almost imme diately.—Sergeant Major Webb, of the 28th regiment, has been promoted to the rank of ensign. Mr. Webb is a native of Kilkenny, and was one of the few men chosen by Lord Hill to be trained for the short sword exercise, in which he soon became proficient. He entered the army in September, 1820, and was t"plvii~te o bi~tlrdee y"earo ~nd 'ten months; Ie was then made cdrpj'ralantdlin iibbtt ightteen monthltafterwdlrds obtained: the rank of serjeant, which Ihe teoupiqd .fpr about a.yeaseand nine months, when Jlt.was advanced to tie postof colour serjeant to"itbi eoips'i albdiG't' seven years afterwards he was made regamaenldti e'ijeaat major, thie duties of which office hie .satisofactorily'dscharged for seven years an sljaty days, up tohe time oh the arrival of his conmmiisasion.-c- lld Sl'j 'yd lieihel Uniontsislatfel o le is 'eolaidri?able dihicUllies; wlik'g to a deficeleny of funds.----'lte dhbm ist.Neivtmdwn is now coml letd, and, the late rais, bhave.,caused thie water in a~ml's river 'tb blj allspit edtitely fresh. When the whilie 'of the" 'iirra'ngbis e tli't'ere are completed, Sydney will be cerlain of Itavlng a good supply of fresh water, front Cok's river.-lThe first yeir ofhlih kl'atnceisct of dthe Syd noy water police court terrilntna'td on 'l'titsday last; and, 'diiing that space of timd, nb less thltn' 5480'searest have beein dischargedl before tile coult.-- On Monday night ns attempt was made to enter the "stores of Mr., Willlfimi,'thii'Aii'eied"ciu rki'itil its Macquiarl.plaace, bs''lt th'rortnd e vu:as eatufel'l by constable Johntoni, who'lop 'e d'him in bustddy; dhd lie turned out to be a man ahllolad bee'i, disrlarged isthai'last court of quatler session, ' '" ' ' THEATRE On Monday night the romantic melodrama of Frankenstein, or the Monster Man, founded on a romance of Mrs. Shelley's hear ing the same name, was brought out at the Victoria, for the first time in this colony. There was a good attendance on the occasion, and the performance went off with great eclat. The style in which the piece was got up was very creditable, there being several entirely new scenes introduced, and the concluding .one, an eruption of Mount Etna, was most striking and effective, and reflected great credit upon the artist. Grove, Spencer, and Mrs. Knowles, as usual, acted well, and the past of the monster was truly and effectively played by Mr. Lee, who appeared to have entered completely into the spirit of the author. The character was entirely panto mimic, and was performed by Mr. Lee with great truth. The object of the piece appears to be a lesson upon the too daring and atheistical presump tion of man in his researches into the hidden mys teries of nature. Frankenstein, a physican, con ceives the mad project that by the powers of gal vanism he can create and animate a human being. In the pursuit of this scheme he wastes his substance, neglects his wife and family, and at length succeeds in giving birth to a hideous monster in the form of man, which is endowed with all the fiercest passions of human nature, but without reason This mon ster, endowed with preternatural strength, perpe trates a variety of excesses, by which Frankenstein is reduced to the verge of misery and despair; and at length, after having murdered the young prince and killed Frankenstein, plunges headlong into the burning crater of Mount Etna with which the drama closes. The piece is one which will bear repetition, and whenever it is performed will no doubt draw a good house. " A, SHARP," AND" A, FLAT."-On Saturday last n man who has been some few months in the colony came into town front ihe interior of the country, and, being at a loss for a lodging, accosted a man whom he met in the evening near the haymarket, and asked him if Ihe could inform him where he conld domicile for the night. The fellow very politely answered that he could find him a decent house where he would he able to pass the night very comfortably, if he would go along with him. rite countryman accordingly accepted the offer, and accosmipanied his guide, wlho took hirm to a low lodging-house in the neighbourhood, and as he was ascending the stairs, for the purpose of retiring to rest, the fellow seized him and thrust his hand into his trousers' pocket, and took out £3 in money, two one pounod notes and a pound in silver. The countryman gave an al arm, and the fellow was soon apprehended and lodged in the watchhouse. lie was examined before the bench of magistrates yesterday, when ihe proved to be an old hand named Richard Piper, but was remanded for further evi dence till this morting. [?OBBlittRY AT TIle Lr ITi lrltl E]ORSB.- On the evening of Mlooday last a carpet bag, be longing to a gentleman who was lodging at the White Horse Inn, George street, near the Ro)al Hotel, was removed from the premnises. The bag contained several bills and notes to the amount of several hundred pounds; a;nd tile tlief managed to get clear off. On I'nesday inspector Plere suc ceeded in recovering the bag, but thie money and bills it contained were wanting. No clue Ihas. how. ever, been obtained as yet to lead to the detection of the robber. PLATE GLASS.--We are always happy to have it in our power to record anything which tends to the improvement or ornamenting of our rising metropolis, and we certainly Ihisik that the elegant shop opened yesterday evening by Messrs. Pate and Preston, in Pitt-street, on the premises lately occupied by Mr. Nash, is deserving of notice. The two windows consist each of three panes of glass, each seven feet six inches in height, and three feet in width; the panes in the glass docr are also of the same height, but eighteen inches wide. Each pane consists of two pieces of glass, so neatly joined together that the joint is almost imperceptible. The largest piece of glass in these panes is five feet in height, and three feet in width ; the upper piece is consequently two feet six incises by three feet. Each window is lighted with two gaslights, over which are reflectors that cast the light downwards. The in. terior of the shop aid the showroom upstairs is fitted up in the most splendid style, and the appearance presented by gaslight surpasses anything of the kind yet seen in the colony, and nearly equals in splen. dour the well known shop of Elvringron on Ludgate hill, London. The whole arrangement reflects the highest credit, not only on the enterprise of Messrs. Pate and Preston, but also upon the workmanship of Mr. W. Beaumont, of Liverpool-street, by whom the premises have been fitted up. FEAItGus O'CoNNot.--The follow ing indignant rhapsody of this strange person, at hearing the report that the would be lhberated in the event of Sir Robert Peel and his party coming into office, appeared in the Northern Star. It cannot fail to amuse those who know anything of the cha racter of the man :--' I was shocked and horror. struck to hear the very mention of a compromise at the meeting held last week at the Crown and Anchor, and my principal reason for writing now is to enter my prote.t, upon my own part, against such a course. And then t am told that the I'orses will set me free. Good heavens I my limbs, though strong, would refuse their otfice when told they owed their liberty to my country's greatest oppressor. What ! be allowed to walk abroad and say, he owes his freedom to the Tuamworth baronet I - the man whose name stands second only to that of Castle. reagh in thle bloody book of Ireland's sad catalogue of modern oppression I Who has gone further to set Catholic against Protestant, and Orancemen against native Irish, than Sir Robert Peel? No one, And am I to walk abroad as a living monu ment of gratitude to him for the possession of that liberty of which he has robbed mny country ? No, no, never, never, never. Firet perish O'Connor I This compromise has sealed my doom for the re mainder of my dreary imprisonment! For, by the ghost of many a murdered Irishman, and by my country's wrongs, I swear that if an order far my liberaton come tomorrow from a Tory government I will not leave my dungeon." Commodore Nsapier has uaddlressed a letter to the Morning Chronicle, in which he says: " T'he editor of the British Queen has been kind enough to appoint me to the naval command at Lisbon. I have to reqiest you will contradict this statement, and say, that I have resigned my com mand in the Mediterranean, and as, now endeavor ng to obtain a command in Maryleboai." I hate all people who want to foutnd sects. It is not error, but sectarian error, nay, and even sectarian truth, which causes t!le unhappiness of anokind..-Lessin~ ....... 