PORTFOLIO. What is the church ? There is hardly a mistake more- injurious to the interests of Christian charity, one which lias more ef fectually impeded the progress ofthe Gospel, and prevented that Gospel from having free course and being glorified, as it will be glorified when it has free course, than that erroneous notion which certainly has pre vailed — I would almost say universally but very generally, and I fear still too widely > prevails— rthat the " church" is the clergy. The church ! Am Tasked again what is the church? The ploughman at his daily toil, the workman who plies the shuttle, the merchant in his counting-house, the scholar in his study, the lawyer in the courts of justice, the senator in the hall of the legislature, the monarch on his throne ; these, as well as the clergyman in the works of the material building, which is consecrated to the honour of God, these constitute the church. The church, as defined by our articles, is " the whole congregation of faithful men, in which the pure Word of God is preached, and the Sacraments duly adminstered." You, therefore, are the church, as well as we who address you in this language of exhort ation, and it is upon you we make the call, while we admit it to be binding upon our selves ; and, therefore, it is because it is the church's duty, that it is the duty of every member of the church ; for the church is so constituted under its divine Head, that not one of its members can suffer but the whole body feels ; nay, the great Head himself feels in the remotest and meanest member of his body; not the meanest member of the body fin make an exertion in faith and love; but the blessed effects of it are felt, to the benefit of the whole, which " groweth by that which every joint sup- plietli to the increase of itself in love." Bishop of London. Let us notice, that in God's method of salvation, the whole glory is given to Christ, and, yet the sinner is kept watchful and obedient ; he is not saved for his works, and yet he is; not saved without them. When Jesus said, "Stretch forth thine hand the man endeavoured to stretch it forth, but his eye was kept on his Lord. So now the Christian knows that it is only in the phth of obedience that happiness is to be found, yet he feels "that in him dwelleth no good thing, and that he is not sufficient of him self to think even a good thought/ He therefore keeps the eye of his faith steadily ; fixed on Jesus; and from his fullness lie receives .strength to contend against his .enemies, and to follow in the steps of his Saviour. Thus Christ is glorified, and the sinner is saved, and he. is prepared. on earth to sing that, song which shall be sung, per fectly in heaven, unto him that loved us, &c;, (Rev. 1, 5.) — Rev. Geo. Breay. The spirit of excitement unhappily ex tends from the week-day- scene to the temple of God, and the day of holy rest, it is car ried from the world into religion ; and in stead offaith, hope, and charity, which were once the three graces that occupied the christian pulpit, men now ask for stimulating speculations. Plain scriptural doctrine is dull; a holy life is legal ; fqjth in Christ, and the work of the Holy Ghost in the heart are but milk for babes ; and men will come in crowds to listen to any new phantasy ; and they will not ask whether the, preacher preach Christ and him crucified, and watch for souls as one that must give account, but whether he can entertain and stimulate their weary and feverish faculties ; and provided he can do that, he may follow every mental vanity, he may discover unheard of meanings in the plainest of texts, he may distort pro phecy, he may even soar to miracles, and proceed till he and they who follow him fall into fearful delusions and make shipwreck ' of their faith. Yet all this is tolerated, nay admired, because it satisfies the cravings of an excited spirit, and instead; of stilling the throbbing pulse, causes it to be bound with new ecstacies of fever. And thus is the spirit of God, speaking after, the man ner of men, straitened; because; instead of seeking him in the way, of his own appoint ment, we wish to urge him to take tlie track of a vain and worthless popularity. ' Can we expect his blessing, if instead of keep ing close to the cross of Christ, we are seeking out for specious novelties, which only lead us from it ? The doctrine which lays not deeply the foundations of religion in a sense of human guilt and corruption— which leads the- sinner as a penitent to the only source of hope — the only fountain opened for sin and for uncleanness — which raises highest the superstructure of all that is holy, and lovely, and of good report in the heart and life, grounded on love to God and faith in Christ — this may not be the most exciting, it may not be the most popular; but, if it do not attract idle crowds, it will interest and edify true wor7 shippers, and be attended with that blessing without which all were vain. Under many a simple village discourse, to which men in these our excited scenes would think it scorn to listen, has the Holy Ghost shewn that he is not straitened;,, and repent ance, and tears, and love, and joy, have told that souls were wending- their way to hea ven. The cross of the Redeemer has never been the theme of human admiration ; and, if we take Christ as our portion, we must take him with his meekness and his quietude- — with his reproaches and his stripes — with his tears of a irony and his crown of thorns. — Rev. S. C. Wilkes. . The 'President' Steamer. — We learn,-, from good authority, that the underwriters have appointed Thursday next, the 10th instant, on which to pay the losses of this ill-fated vessel, which may be taken as a tolerable proof that, in that interested and and well-informed quarter, all hope of her safety has vanished. — Sun, June 8. Tiie Chartist Petition. — A crowd as sembled on Tuesday afternoon at the ' en trance to the House of Commons, to witness the arrival of the huge Chartist petition with 1,300,000 signatures, which was borne by the working men in procession. Shortly after four, o'clock the procession appeared, headed by some well known Chartist leaders. The petition was carried on the shoulders of eight sturdy men, in fustian jackets .Arrived at the iron gates, a message was sent to Mr. Thomas Duncombe, who had agreed to present it. An answer was sent down analogous to the formula within doors, "Please to bring it up." The lobbies were crowded, several members running to see the monstrous document. Finally it was received by Mr. Duncombe and Mr. O'Con- nell, who managed, with some difficulty; to roll it in. — Sun , June S. 