CUAPRTER XXXVI. As the single gentleman, after some week's occu pation of his lodgings, still declined to correspond by word or gesture either with Nbr. Brass or his sister Sally, but invariably chose Richard Swiveller as his channel of communication; and as he proved himself in all respects a highly desirable inmate, paying for everything beforehand, giving very little trouble, making no noise, and keeping early hours ; Mr. Richard imperceptibly rose to an important position in the family, as one who had influence over this mysterious lodger, and could negotiate with him, for good or evil, when nobody else durst approach his person. If the truth must be told, even Mr. Swiveller's approaches to the single gentleman were of a very distant kind, and met with small encouragement; but as he never returned from a monosyllabic con ference..with the unknown without quoting such expressions as " Swiveller, I know I can rely upon you,"--" 1 have no hesitation in saying, Swiveller, that I entertain a regard for yoe,"-.-'. Swiveller, you are my friend, and will stand by me I am sure," with many other short speeches of the same familiar and confiding kipnd, purporting to have been ad dressed by the single gentleman to himself, and to form the'staple of their ordinary discourse, neither Mr. I}rass nor Miss Sally for a moment questiotied tlto extent of his influeqce, but accorded to him their fullest and most unqualified belief. DBt, quite, apart from and indepen'dent of* this source of popularity, Mr. Swiveller had another, whi'h promised to be equally enduring, and to lighten his' position considerably. He found favour in the eyes of Miss Sally Brass. Let not the light scorners of, female fascination eredt their ears to listen to a new tale of love whichshlall servo theri for a jest; for Miss Brass, however accurately formed to be, beloved, wis not of the loving kind.. That amiable virgin, having,clung. to the skirts of the law from her earliest youth, having sustained herself by theiraid, as it were;iti'hir'Ilrst running alone, hadi mnsiftahied,.a irm lgrasp upqn them ever since, had passedher life in a' kind of legal childhood; She had been remarkable, wien a tender prattler, for an uaco'mmon talent in counterfeiting the walk and manner of a bailif; in which ciharac. ter she had learned to tap her little playfellows on the shoulder, and carry thlem off to imaginary spong. ing-houses with a correctness of imitation which was the surprise and delight of all who witnessed her performances, and which was only to be exceeded by her exquisite manner of putting an execution into her doll's house, and taking an exact inventory of the chairs and tables. These artless sports had naturally soothed and cheered the decline of her widowed father, a most exemplary gentleman, (called "Old Foxey" by his friends from his extreme sagacity;) who encouraged them to the utmost, and whose chief regret' as he drew near Houndsditclh churchyard was that his daughter could not take out an attorney's certificate, and hold a place upon the roll. Filled with tills affectionate and touching sorrow, he had solemnly confided her to his son Sampson as an invaluable auxiliary; and from the old gentleman's decease to the period of which we treat, Miss Sally Brass had been the prop and pillar of his business. It is obvious that, having devoted herself front infancy to this one pursuit and study, Miss Sally could know but little of the world, otherwise than in connexion with the law; and that, from a lady gifted with such high tastes, proficiency in those gentler and softer arts in which women usually excel, was scarcely to be looked for. Mliss Sally's accomplishments were all of a masculine and strictly legal kind. They began with the practice of an attorney, and they ended with it. Site was in a state of lawful innocence, so to speak. The law had been her nurse, and, as bandylegs or such physical defor. mities in children are held to be the consequence of bad nursing, so, if in a mind so beautiful any moral twist or handiness could be found, Miss Sally Brass's nurse was alone to blame. It was upon this lady, then, that Mr. Swiveller burst in full freshness as something new and hitherto undreamed of, lighting up the office with scraps of song and merriment, conjuring with inkstands and boxes of wafers, catching three oranges in one hand, balancing stools upon his chin and penknives upon his nose, and constantly performing a hundred other feats of equal ingenuity ; for with such unbendings did Richard, in AMr. Brass's absence, relieve the tedium of his confinement. These social qualities, which Miss Sally first discovered by accident, gradually made such an impression upon her, that she would entreat Mr. Swiveller to relax as though she were not by, which Alr. Swiveller, nothing loth, would readily consent to do. By these means a friendship sprung up between them. Mr. Swiveller gradually came to look upon her as her brother Sampson did, and as he would have looked upon any other clerk. He imparted to her the mystery of going the odd man or plain Newmarket for fruit, ginger- beer, baked potatoes, or even a modest quencher, of which Mliss Brass did not scruple to partake. He would often persuade her to undertake his share of writing in addition to her own; nay, lihe would sometimes reward her with a hearty slap on the back, and protest she was a devilish good fellow, a jolly dog, and so'forth ; all of wvlich compliments Mliss Sally would receive in entire good part and with perfect satisfaction. One circumstance troubled AIr. Swiveller's nind very much, and that was that the small servant always remained somewhere in the bowels of the earth under Bevis Marks, and never came to the surface unless the single gentleman rang his bell, when she would answerit and immediately disappear again. She never went out, or came into the office, or had a clean face, or took off the coarse apron, or looked out of any one of the windows, or stood at the street-door for a breath of air, or had any rest or enjoyment whatever. Nobody ever came to see her, nobody spoke of her, nobody cared about her. Mr. Brass had said once that lie believed site was " a love-child," (which means anything but a child of love,) and that was all the information Richard Swiveller could obtain. " It's of no use asking the dragon," thought Dick one day, as he sat contemplating the features of Miss Sally 'Brass. "I suspect, if I asked any questions on that head, our alliance would be at an end. 1 wonder whether she is a dirgon by the bye, or some thing in the mermaid way. She has rather a scaly appearance. But mermaids are fond of looking at themselves in the glass, which she can't be. And they have a habit of ebmbing their hair, which she hasn't. No, she's a dragon." " Where are you going, old fellow," said Dick aloud, as bliss Sally wiped her pen as usual odtfhe green dress, and uprose from her seat. " To dinner"' answered the dragon. "To dinner I" thought Dick, " that's another circumstance. I don't believe thatsmall servant ever has anything to eat. "Sammy won't be home," said Miss Brass. "Stop till I come back. I shan't be long." Dick nodded and followed Miss Brass with his eyes to the door, and with his eyes to a little back parlour, where she and her brother took her meals. " Now," said Dick, walking up and down with his hands in his pockets, "I'd give sometlhing-if I had it-to know how they use that child, and where they keep her. MIy mother must have been a very inquisitive woman; I have no doubt P'm marked with a note of interrogation somewhere. My feelings I smother, but thou hast been the cause of tlhis anguish my-upon my word," said Mlr. Swivellbi, checking himself, and falling thoughltfully.itAolthe client's chair, "I should like to know how theyiase her." After running on in this way for some time Ilr. Swiveller softly opeped the obmice door,,with the intention of darting across the street for a glass of the:mild porter. At that moment he cauglht a parting glimpse df the biown' head:dress of Miss Brass flittingdown the kitchen stairs. "Auli by JovelI" bthought Dick, 'site's going to feed the servant. Now or never."' 'First peeping over the handrali, and allowilig the henad-dress to disappear in the darkness below, ihe groped his way down and arrived at the door of a back-kitched immediately after Miss BraBs' had enteredthe same, bearing in her hand a cold leg of mutton. It was a verydark miserable place, very low and very damp, the walls disfigured by a thou sand rents and blotches. TIheo water was trlckling out of a leaky butt, and a most vwretchi!ed:oat was lapping up thle'drops with the sickly eagoeriesas of starivation. The grate, which was a wide one, was wound and screwed up tight, so, as to.hold' hno mnore than a little thin nandwich of fire. Everything was locked up a tite coal.cellar, the candle.box, the salt-box, the meat-safe were all padlocked. There was nothing that a beetle could have lunched upon. The pinched and meagre aspect of the place would have killed a chamelion. lie would have known at the first mouthful that the air was not eatable, and must have given up the ghost in despair. The small servant stood with humility in the presence of Miss Sally, and hung her head. " Are you there 1" said Miss Sally. " Yes, ma'am," was the answer in a weak voice. "Go further away from the leg of mutton or you'll be picking it, I know," said Miss Sally. The girl withdrew into a corner, while Miss Brass took a key from her pocket, and, opening the safe, brought from it a dreary waste of cold potatoes, looking as eatable as Stonehenge. This she placed before the small servant, ordering her to sit down before it, and then, taking up a great carving-knife, made a mighty show of sharpening it upon the carving-fork. "Do you see this 1" said Miss Brass, slicing off about two square inches of cold mutton after all this preparation, and holding it out on the point of the fork. The small servant looked hard enough at it with her hungry eyes to see every shred of it, small as it was, and answered, "yes." "There, don't you ever go and say," retorted Miss Sally, " that you had no meat Item. There, eat it up." This was soon done. " Now, do you want any more ?" said Miss Sally. * The hungry creature answered with a faint "' No." They were evidently going through an established form. " You've been helped once to meat," said Bliss Brass, summing up the facts; "you have had as much as you can eat, you're asked if you want any mone, and you answer, ' no I' Then don't you ever go and say you were allowanced, mind that." With those words Miss Sally put the meat away and locked the safe, and then, drawing near to the small servant, overlooked her while she finished her potatoes. It was plain that some extraordinary grudge was working in Miss Brass's gentle breast, and that it was this which impelled her, without the smallest present cause, to rap the child with the blade of the knife, now on her hand, now on her head, and now on her back, as if she found it quite impossible to stand so close to her without administering a few knocks. But Mr. Swiveller was not a little surprised to see his fellow clerk, after walking slowly back wards towards the door, as if she were trying to withdraw herself from the room but could not accomplish it, dart suddenly forward, and, fallingon the small servant, give her some hard blows with her clenched hand. The victim cried, but in a subdued manner, as if she feared to raise her voice, and Miss Sally, comforting herself with a pinch of snuff, ascended the stairs just as Richard had safely reached the ollice. (To be continued.) 