Colonial $oItttc8, uigrg)" THE CHRONICLE. In his paper of Thursday last our contem porary of the Chronicle has reproached us for the insertion of our friend Veritas' Appeal to the Immigration Association, and challenges us to a vindication of our consistency by reconciling, if we can, our conduct in this instance with the position assumed by us in the Colonist some time ago. As we should be sorry to lie under the charge of wilful and unprincipled incon sistency, or ever to be in such a position as to be unable to give a satisfactory reason for our editorial conduct or opinions, we shall not shirk any ot our contemporary's queries and allegations, but submit them to Will the Editor of this journal ( The Free Press) tell us what he means by blowing hot and cold upon, us in a breath? Has he far-f gotten all his recently recorded professions o liberality, and freedom from religious bias, that he now offers to devote his energies to the cause of bigotry ? Has he forgotten his late professions to many individuals of the Catholic faith; by which means he seeured some con. siderable share of their support ? Has he for gotten his recent defence of Irish immigration, and his former warm and feeling laudation of Mr. John Marshall and his system r Has the " Doctor" resumed his' ascendancy over the ghost sf the late Colonist, or has the mantle of Robertson descended upon the shoulders of M'Eacliern ? We ask these questions, having the last leader, and the peg of the misnamed " Veritas" on which it hangs, before us; and we pause for a reply. With regard to the first ©f these interro- gatoi ies we have only to say, that we do not understand to what our contemporary refers, and until he exemplifies his meaning we deny the charge of " blowing hot and cold . upon him in a breath.' To our humble apprehension the thing is a physical im possibility, — we are not aware that any such phenomenon ever existed as that of " blowing hot and cold in one breath." The very idea ol such a thing as the co existence of heat and cold mingled up in one breath, and maintaining, notwithstand ing such intimate inxtannsitinn. their res- q — j jt pective properties, unmodified and without combination, is perfectly anomalous and absurd. II our contemporary had alleged that we bad once blown hot and were now blowing cold, or that we were neither hot nor cold, then perhaps, we might have guessed his meaning, . and have offered some explanation of the phenomenon. Al though, however, it is sufficiently obvious that there can be no such thing as " blow ing hot and cold in one breath? still we can easily conceive how our contemporary's mental constitution may be in such a mor bid condition— in a state analogous to fever and ague, — in which the sensations of heat , and cold may be so confounded as to lead him to imagine he. has experienced the anomaly he calls upon us to explain. If this will not satisfy our contemporary, he must favour us with an explanation him- selfi To the second question we reply, that we are not aware of having acted inconsistently with " any professions of liberality' which we bave ever recorded ; and we challenge our contemporary to make out his chaise. When he does so, we- shall answer him. As to "the freedom from religious bias," to \ybich he alleges we bound ourselves, we call upon him to produce any such profes sion of ours ; an! if he proves, by .fair con- struction, that we have violated such a pledge, we shall either admit our inconsis tency, or assign a sufficient reason for changing our mind; of any material or es sential change, however, in our sentiments we are not aware. In matters of govern ment aud legislation we do hold ourselves pledged to freedom from sectarian bias ; but the " liberality to which our contem porary would subject, us, is neither more nor less than the latitudinarian neutrality of a sceptic or infidel. Our contemporary is quite aware that we are a Protestaut, and have suffered persecution and incarceration as such at the instance of a Roman Catho lic Priest. Our contemporary cannot but remember, that while yet smarting beneath the wrongs and indignity then iuflicted on us by his party, that we had occasion, on warrant able grounds, to step aside from the neu trality of the position we had laid down for ourselves, as regards sectarian controversy, and to become the assailant and exposer of certain evils- and atrocities connected with Popery in this colony, which were then the subjects of general animadversion in the Public Press, and created no small excitement in the public mind. By refe rence to the Colonist at that period, and it is not far back, our readers will be satisfied, that, however expedient we might think it to confine ourselves to- political discussion, and abstain from religious controversy, as much as possible, in our stated lucubra tions, we have never yet, thank God, com promised our Protestantism, or felt indif ferent to the. cause. The liberality which we profess, would seek no exclusive patron age for Protestantism from the State, but would willingly, and without fear of conse quences, behold it left to its own vital energies and the voluntary support of its own adherents. It would make no invi dious distinction, in regard to civil and po litical privileges, between members of differ ent religious sects ; but it would claim for ourselves the right which our contemporary claims for himself, that of counteracting the spread and influence of what we regard as a system of error, by doing all that lies in our power to increase the number of our fellow adherents to that which we believe to be the system of truth. Our contemporary will not deny that he on the other hand, regards Protestantism as a system of error, and that he and his party are in the habit of denouncing it as a hateful and damn able heresy, and that Popery with them, is the only system of truth. So far, there fore, we are equal ; but we are sure, also, that our contemporary, like a zealous sou to be any illiberality on his part, although he should prefer, and do all in his power to promote, the importation of Roman Catho- j lie emigrants into the colony, rather thau Protestants, in order that his own party might increase, and eventually become the most numerous and powerful. But it is very evident, that while our contemporary claims and exercises this right for himself, he has not the liberality to tolerate the same right on the part of others.; and it is bigotry,' forsooth, in us to view Popery as he views Protestantism — with aislike , and to exercise the same discretion for strengthening our cause, by a proportionate accession to the numbers of our party. The fact is, our contemporary has only betrayed in this instance, the latent spirit and into lerance of Popery; and it is very evident, that to please him we must prove a traitor to our faith, by either lending ourselves to the cause of its enemies, or by observing the unprincipled silence of irreligious neu trality or infidel lalitudinarianism. But to address ourselves to the next in terrogatory, we deny that we ever gave any " professions to individuals of the Catholic faith" incompatible with the sentiments and position we have now expounded ; and we call upon our contemporary to show us what " considerable: share of support " we have thereby secured. If any Roman Ca tholic expected, that bv becomim? a sub- scriber to our paper, he was bribing us to a compromise of the Protestant cause, or even to any neutrality with regard to reli gion, except in political concerns, he was not only mistaken; but his mistake implied an insult to us, — and we make all such perfectly welcome to withdraw their " sup port ." Our contemporary next asks us, if we have " forgotten our receut defence of Irish immigration, and our former laudation of .Mr, Marshall and his system ?' To this .we reply, that there was nothing in either of the articles to which he refers irrecon cilable with our present position. All that we formerly maintained was, that wie had no proof that either Mr. Marshall or the Government was induced by any sinister infiuence to give a preference to Irish emi grants to the neglect or exclusion of English or Scotch. We showed at that time that it was the inadequacy of the Bounty and the comparative difficulty of getting emi- giants for this colony in England and Scot land, that compelled Mr. Marshall to export so many Roman Catholics from Ireland. And what else than this does the letter of " Veritas" say ? As to " our de fence (as our contemporary calls it) of Irish immigration/' we are certain at least that it never went the length of preferring Irish to English or Scotch immigration. We held merely that religion could never be made an objection by the Home Govern ment, to the elegibility of candidates for emigration to this colony, no matter whe ther they were, from Ireland or England. And is there we ask, any thing in that in compatible with an attempt on our part, or that of our correspondent, to induce the Protestant settlers of this colony to be at some trouble and expense— mot to prevent the importation of Irish Catholics by those who may choose to undertake it, but — -to secure the introduction of an adequate pro portion of Protestants ? This, we believe, was precisely the position of Veritas, and we are certainly at a loss to perceive wherein wehave committed any inconsistency by the insertion of his letter. As to our contemporary's impertinence about " the mantle of Robertson descend ing on the shoulders of M'Eachern" and about " the Doctor resuming his as cendancy over the ghost of the late Colo nist,' we have no answer to make ; such nonsense being too absurd and contemptible to need refutation. ; "The ghost of the Colonist " has been " incorporated? with the Herald; and as for " the mantle'"-- we presume it still wraps the sage who was wont to wear it, or is hung up for- a while on the wide spreading branches of some venerable gum-tree in the neighbourhood of Kissing .Point.! 