THE PAST AND THE PRESENT. (From the Morning Herald.) At least the first day of 1841 shows a brighter aspect than that of 1840. The present year, unlike the last, does not open with social and political treason-the shadow of the gibbet docs not darken the beginning of a new twelve- month Last New Years Day, the terrible effects of Chartism —that blind, reckless monster, begot of ignorance and craft—were arrayed at Monmouth, were beating at the nation's heart the whole country hung in suspense upon the trials of men, who in the advocacy and wild practice of principles, fatal as death to the dig nity of all human society, threatened the sub- version of social order—seeking, in anarchy itself, a relief and remedy for every real and imaginary wrong. They would have watered their tree of liberty with human blood and gathered their harvest from destruction The mere brute power of man was arrayed against the moral majesty of society—the many-handed beast was up, and clutching for his prey. Well, the peril was encountered—was withstood—and the leaders, the chief sons of mischief, were arraigned at Monmouth bar. The Attorney General pleads for judgment and the hangman anticipative of the " last scene of all," prepares the gallows tree. Happily for the great cause of humanity no blood is shed ; and the Chartist Frost and his co-mates, the miserable experimentalists on human ignorance—the madmen, who would have sent forth their thousands with sword and torch throughout the land, are borne to banish- ment, to hopeless slavery. The heart of the country is relieved—the, nation breathes more freely — minister congratulates minister—home policy looks round with a lofty and self compla cent air, for Chartism is crushed—is dead. Is it so ? Rather, is not the monster for a while torpid, waiting only another Frost, another pat riot Williams to arouse and arm it ?—again to array it, a creature of rapine and brute wrong? And if these be so, whose the fault? Whose the sin—the great social wickedness? Have we not, within these few days, displayed a melancholy proof of the ignorance, nay, of the iniquity of men, who seek in the felon's dock for the best defence of society—who consider the hangman to be the great moral teacher—of men, who place their faith in ball cartridge and bayonets, and look upon her Majesty's red coats as the best bulwarks of social life ? Their creed is—we have shown a recent instance of its min- gled crime and folly—" cut down, shoot, gibbet Chartism. " We cry—" correct it. " Teach men that they are something more than blood and bone and sinew, consider them not as beasts of burden, but make them feel the true value, the just dignity of labour. Endow them with self-respect, by inculcating within them the everlasting truths of Christianity, compel them, by self examination, to know the great end and purpose of their being, and such knowledge, be sure of it, will be fruitful of a contented and a peaceful spirit. In what condition are the men who, last year, were to form the legions of rob bery and mischief, under the guiding genius of Frost and Williams ? Are they one whit better— one pace more removed from the cloud of igno rance that darkened them ? And what is the conduct of their masters—of the men, with these elements of mischief lying thick around them, waiting but for a flash, a spark to awaken them, with the might and crash of thunder ? The mas- ters are content that the latent mischief should remain, untaught, unwarned by past peril, it suffices to them that human nature is made the serf, the bondman of labour, a creature fashioned and ordered to beat iron and sweat at the fur- nace, uninformed by a single thought—by one solitary precept to preserve from its coarsest im- pulses—to teach it the benevolent relations of man to man—to awaken in its savage breast " the founts that sympathetic flow" to kindness, and a just appreciation of the moral and reli gious wants of our fellow creatures. No, these masters, these lords of wealth, refuse to aid in the mission that would send a minis- tering spirit among the hills of Wales—a spirit that even in the mine and at the foundry would disarm brute violence of its gloom and wrath, and elevate toil itself with the Christian virtues of meekness and content. In Wales, the very den of Chartism—the very cave of social revo- lution, there is no want, it is not hunger, not raggedness raging with famine, that would seize the pike and apply the torch, but ignorance, brutal, self indulging, self debasing ignorance. All the mining population are scaled with this moral leprosy but what care the masters? Man, though made in God's image, is to them merely a machine of labour—an engine, with eyes to see and hands to toil. It is true, that 1841 opens with no Chartist trials. The hoofs of cavalry disturb not the streets of Monmouth —no special commission is arrayed in its court— the hangman is absent, and all (for the present), seems " quiet among the hills " But, therefore, is Chartism extinct ? If Frost and Williams toil in the chain gang, is Chartism bound in manacles of adamant ? Is the giant mischief shorn for aye of its strength; or, will it not grow again, and then blindly seek to pull the social fabric in ruins about it? Again and again we say, convert Chartists. Take into its strong-holds the weapons of truth, and trust not for final victory to bayonets. How dawns 1841 upon the English pauper— upon the poor, the helpless portion of the great family of man ? Will the humanity of its rulers and alms-givers take a lesson from the past ? Will poverty, to the looks of those who " feed in the sunshine," slough any of its infamy—will the Lazearus of our social state be less repulsive in the eyes of political philanthropy—will it be less noisome to the delicate nostril of authori- tative benevolence ? If we turn to the chrono logy of the past year, we see it stained with paupers' blood—blotted by pauper's tears we see want outraged in its last asylum. Ghosts from the Unions pass before us—and then mark the army of guardians sleek as panthers in their sense of authority coldly benignant, frozenly cha rtabh ! Will 1841 be fruitful of good to the English poor? We think it; nay we are sure of it. The heart of the nation, smitten as it is by the cries of thousands must yearn, must re spond to that appeal. It is impossible for any set of system mongers—who look upon the sympathies of human nature with no more kind ness than they would consider the mechanism of a barrel organ, thinking themselves to be ar ranged and played upon by any State grinder —it is impossible that the philosophers of pounds, shillings, and pence the philanthropists of arithmetic, can successfully oppose the indig nant and deafening cry of the country for justice to the poor. The wail of the pauper would of itself be ineffectual, but the voice of the nation will speak in thunder, and must prevail. Yes it is our deep faith that in 1841 poverty will, in the thoughts of its despisers, be a little more cleansed than in 1840 from the taint of all but felony. Will war, brutalising war, darken the history of the present year ' With a veneration for the best and holiest rights of our common nature we fervently pray against it with a horror, a loathing of its horrors and its iniquities, we beg that it may pass from us with a hope in the wisdom in the humanity of our civilised fellow creatures we try for peace—a long—a lasting peace. But if the selfishness, the bloody in trigues of knaves and coxcombs will have the impiety of war—will desecrate the sacred cause of human nature with rapine and carnage—why then, may England once more spring like a lion from his lair, and the God of Hosts be with us ! LONDON EXCHANGE NEWS, TnimsoAt, Jx NUxnv 7th-Some larc^e sales of Consuls for the February account, made in the course ofthc da} by two influential brokers, caused a deprcs sion m prices, but not to nnv material extent Consuls for the account opened at 89] to j, and closed nt 895 to J ex «hv , the last money price was 80J to î ex div 1 bree per cents Reduced, R'lJ, Three and a-half per cents Reduced 17}, New three and a half per tent« Reduced 081 Long Annuities (expiring oth of lanuar}, 18C0) 112, 1 10 Ditto Í0 }ears (expiring 5th of Ia nuary, I860), 12}, India Stock, ¿ii. Bank Stock 162 to l63 , and Lxchcquer Bills, 8s to 10s premium In loreign Storks there was little doing lhc Peninsular Stocks were ex trcmcly heavy Spanish Active with the Cou- pons 24½ to 5/8 ; Portuguese five per cents. 31¾ to 2¾, the Three per cents 19¾ to 20¼ Dutch Two-and-a-half per cents 50¼ to ½, the Five per cents. 98¼ to ¾. Belgian 97 to 8. Brazilian 70½ to 1½. Mexican 28f to 9 Colombian 23i to I London and Birmingham Railway Shares were 83 to i, Great Western 29 to 30, the half shares 13_ to 11{ Gosport 7i to 8{ premium South Western 581 to 9J per share. North Midland 19 to 17 discount the New Shares 1 to 3 premium South Lastern and Dover 141 to 14, Fnstcrn Counties 13} to }, Blackwall 41 to 3} Brighton 6 to 5} discount PonTurAi ano Si un -x.\ c arc glad to find that there tt as much exaggeration in the nccounts first rcccited of the misunderstanding between the Spanish and Portuguese Governments, and that, although preparations for war (or rather for defence), on the part of Portugal, continue, there is ci cr} probability of seeing matters brought to an amicable conclusion by the inter tention of Lngland, and the good sense of the pnrties themselves vvcdul some injustice to General Espartero lnst week, m supposing that the necessity of cmplojing Ins army was the secret of the apparent harshness of his corres- pondence He has, it seems, just ground of complaint, for the treaty to which Portugal de murs, lias been signed for nearly five jcars, although the government and the legislature have found means, by their mutual differences, (with winch ¡Spam bas nothing to Ho) to delay its ratification, and thus to prevent it from berne; carried into effect It was not to bo expected that this state of things would be allowed to last b} the losing party, which is Spain nor can Portugal pretend to exclusite pntdeges, as regards the nat cation of one of the most im portant streams in the Peninsula because she happens to be m possession of its mouth Throughout Eurojic this monopoly of rivers which ore the natural highways of trade, has been abandoned by general consent Hie Rhine, the Scheldt, the Danube, and the Llbc, have become the common property of the civilized world and Portu.nl can no more debar Spain from usmg the Douro, ni time of peace, than she can monopolise the Bay of Biscay, to which it leads Wc trust that these obsolete claims will be given up at once b} the Portuguese Chambers, which meet at Lisbon on the 2nd of this month The Spanish Regency has agreed to await their decision , and this proof of mode ration is v lrtually a pledge of peace Ports mouth -The steam vessel Avon, Lieut Pritchard, has passed on to Sheerncss from Plymouth, with men for Monaich, 84, ind Perno«, 50, at Shcerness Hie Incoistant, 36, Captain Pring, has arrived at Plymouth, from Cork, with volunteer seamen for general service Hie Vindictive, a fine frigate, to mount upwards of 50 guns, is preparing here w ith everv de spatcli for commission, and at Plymouth also arc two more of the same class bringing for w ard namel}, the Portland, 50, and Amei wa, 50 The greatest despatch is used here in the equip- ment of the St Vincent, 120, a three decker of the largest class, she is getting ringed nnd otherwise fitting for sea The pendant will be hoisted in about a month The Vengeance, 81, is in the basin, rigged and masted, and only waiting orders for commission lhc_Jmei,a new steam ship, recently launched here, is in dock preparing for immediate commission, shs is intended for the Mediterranean The Impreg nable, 104, Captain Thomas Forrest, C B , and Belleule, 78, Captain Toup Nicholas, are in Plymouth Sound, where they will complete their crews and sea stores. They will not proceed to the Mcd terrancan, however, for some time The Indus, 84, Captain Sir James Stirling, and 1 need, 29, Commander Douglas, are alongside their respective hulks, fitting out Both ships will be read} for sea about the 25th January The above are the only ships equipping here but orders arc daily looked for to commission several more The steam frigate Fhmmx is rapidly refitting in the harbour, to return to the Mediterranean There is no commander yet appointed to her It is expected that she will proceed about the ith of January The Apolle and Athol, troop ships, are nearly ready for sea they will go to Cork to transfer troops, the 12nd regiment, thence to the loman Islands The Neptune, 120, is to be overhauled at this port for commission, if necessary -Bi ighton papei. The effects of the Chinese intelligence have been already felt The price of the tea at the tune we write (three o'clock) has fallen 7d per pound, whilst that of the East India cotton has risen The course of the former change is obvious , the course of the latter is, that large «pnntities of cotton which, had the war conti nued, would hnvc been shipped for this country will, when the usual trade shall have been again opened at Canton, be sent to that port, and we are aw arc that in August last the native mer- chant (Jcnicset Jcc) had in his possession, wait- ing the turn of events, upwards of 100,000 bales of this article Matters have thus already bc0un to settle down to the level of a wholesome standard -Shipping Ga.ettc. Tint Scott Momivitm -lhc auxiliary com- mittee for completing this grand national tcsti moninl arc, under the guidance of their able on gmator, Mr Dick, unflagging m their exertions The auxiliary subscription proceeds well, and while returns arc daily received from various towns m the provinces we are also glad to hear of some nidiv idual contributions Amongst the latter, wc may mention, within these few day s the handsome subscription of of £10 sent to Mr Dick by Lady V llloughby d'lhrcsb} 1 he well known Lilitiburgh Choral Society have tendered their scrv iris to e,ivc a concert in the Musard Rooms m aid of the ttiuiUary fund,-Crtte/cw«» Mercury, Sir Moses Montefiore. - On Sunday (January 27), a numerous meeting of gentlemen of the Jewish persuasion was held in the beau- tiful vestry room of the synagogi,rÍ Be?' Mark,, for the purpose or cont.de mRL b"î means of testifying to Sir Mose, MonK? his return from the East, their gratitudeTA generous and successful exertions ia ii,. hl' of humanity, and in behalf o X.rnh» Me brethren in Damascus M, n de CTT unanimous!} called to the chair, and the m«."" was addressed by Biro« RothschildX5 Libs, Mocatta, II}ams, Lucas, Cohen »X* eminent Jewish merchants of the City wl W logiscd m the warmest terms, and anuri,J?lt applause, the benevolent character o if m Montefiore and his lady Several r»i.» resolutions were agreed to, and a committee was appointed to t,kc measures, which ff7& mtttcd to a future meeting. m' In consequence of the failure of the vaccina- tion of the Princess Royal, her Royal Highness was again vaccinated on Monday by Mr Blag- den, in the presence of Prince Albert, from the child of a lady residing at Brompton. The lady and her child left town for Windsor, mtomZ with the Court phys.c.ans -Morn2PTm MORTALITY OF THE METROPOLIS.- The following is an official general bill of the christenings and burials at the parish churches within the city of London and bills of mortality from December 10, 1839, to December, 15, 1840 according to the returns made to the Queen's most excellent Majesty - In the 97 parishes within the walls - christened, 710; buried 614; excess of christenings, 96 . In the 17 parishes without the walls - christened, 2,986 ; buried 2,360 , excess of christeningg 626; In the 24 out parishes in Middlesex and Surrey- christened, 10,765, buried, 9,641, excess of christenings 1,124. In the 10 parishes in the city and liberties of Westminster -christened 1,699, buried, 1,959 , excess of burials, 260. Diseases and casualties of the year - Abscess. 44 ; and debility, 1,440; apoplexy, 156; asthma 321; cancer, 35; childbirth, 89; cholera 17; consumption, 1,903; constipation of bowels 12; convulsions, 1,080; croup, 49; dentition, 215; diabetes, 5; diarrhoea, 20; dropsy, 334; dropsy on the brain, 232; dysentry, 1; epilepsy, 29; erysipelas, 40; fever, 353; fever intermittent, 1; scarlet fever, 366; typhus fever, 46; fistula, 1; gout 9; haemorrhage, 25; heart, diseased, 98; hernia, 11; hooping cough, 176; hydrophobia 1; indigestion, 1; inflammation, 529; inflam mation of bowels and stomach, 229; inflamma tion of brain, 133; inflammation of lungs and pleura, 308; influenza, 17; insanity, 50; jaundice, 12; liver deceased, 45; locked jaw 2; measles, 171; miscarriage,2; mortification, 62; paralysis, 103; rheumatism, 21; scrofula 12; smallpox, 231; sore throat, 28; spasm, 9; stone, 7; stricture, 8; thrush 43; tumour, 22; veneral 3; worms, 5; unknown causes 5,064. Casualties-Drowned, 78, died by visitation of God, 70 excessive drinking, 8; found dead, 18; killed by accident, 119 , murdered, 1; poisoned 13; suicides, 31. Christened - Males, 8090 females, 8,070 , total, 16,160. Buried-Males, 7,296, females 7,278, total 14,574. Of the number buried there were, under two years of age, 3,822; two, and under five, 1,650; five, and under ten, 737; ten, and under twenty 567; twenty, and under thirty, 984; thirty, and under forty, 1,271; forty and under fifty, 1,312; fifty, and under sixty, 1,237; sixty, and under seventy, 1,407; seventy and under eighty, 1,103; eighty, and under ninety, 406; ninety, and under one hundred, 56; one hundred, 2. Buried 699 still- born children, not included in the foregoing. Munn viv in Cvtiiv -Wc regret to observe that the murrain lias bsen progressing north ward with rapid strides, and it has dunn;the last week developed itself extensively in He Highland counties, one gentleman in the ueigi bourhood of Inin having had 146 head ol cattle allicted bj it in rapid succession It hat also extended itself over the western counti«, and is far from being unknown in our osa m mediate neighbourhood Here, hotrerer, the type is unusuall} mild, and wc have notheitd of a single beast that has died, -herein the cause of death may not be attributed to mm previous malady which predisposed the Minni to murrain, and did aot leave it «trength to te sist the inflammation which accompulei it Hie disease in this quarter has not, on an ire. rage of many cases, affected the animal nore than four days, and then it takes readily to such soft food ns can be used from the tender stale of the mouth and tongue. When once quit ol the disease, wc are not aware that it returns again to the same animal. In very few casa in Scotland have we heard of pigs or sheep being affected hythe malady; but wcobwre that in Yorkshire the disease has «tended lo all kinds of stock, including horses, sheep, pigs, and even the poor shepherds' dogs. For. innately, we cannot yet complain of any such -xtended infection in Scotland, where hitherto the dread of the disease has been worse thin the rcalsy. Veterinary authorities »re not jet agreed as to whether the disease ii propagated by contagion or atmospheric influence.-(?/«. gow Mail. Lansdown Tovvf.r.-Wc believe that the» is not an individual of taste in these kingdon», who knows anything of the contents oftlh structure, that will not regret to see that it hu been determined by the distinguished owner, Mr. Beckford, to dismantle it, and to sell every particle of its costly and curious furniture, pic turcs, &c;, except the books, and a for »file smaller articles of vertu. Wc find that Mt. Beckford has been induced to do this from the attempts, several times repeated, by daring and expert thieves, to plunder it, and from on appre- hension that they would hereafter wantonly damage what they could not carry off- »practi« not at all unfrcqucnt with depredating mistrt-h. The determination of Mr. Beckford is the mo« to be regretted, because the Tower has ben, from its first completion, considered one oil« principal " lions" of Bath, and, through the agency of Messrs. Engliih, has been always open to such of the public as could, by them- selves or their connections and friends, elah» a claim to respectability.-Bath Herald. Mr. Owen.-On Monduy morning, Mr. J. Owen, the Socialist, entered the Commerçai Rooms, but was almost as soon again «horn to the door and bowed out, his exit being ace» panied by a salutation of hisse«. Ht itijw long enough to enquire how he could be »in- duced, and being totd that it must be by . wa- ller, he said, "Oh, I'll get my friend Stokell» introduce me." In the course of »he mom1»! he had the cool impertinence to trait on M Mayor, and request his permission to hswl body of the police force at his meetings, to pre- serve order and protect himself; 'e'"«1101 add that the request was promptly refiiiM. Bristol Mirror. . -. Not fivclibcral merchants of standing m m fast will meet Mr. O'connell at a repeal dtnw. The Catholic primate has refused to*"«0,.8"" a dinner, and the vast minority of the UtiT clergy and gentlemen of Ulster will foUow lu» example.-Belfast Chionicle. , New South WA_-s.-We have reen»« Sydney papers to the 20th of August » colony has advanced so rapidly with« JW last few years that there are roany tm""»3 manufactures which might now; be estaMu» there with a certainty of »ucee»». Our w»~j resources, if properly expended and *-»g would, we are persuaded, enable us to ?«*? certain branches of trade-one of two» sugar-refining, which is about to be cstaDW». .nothcris the growth of vine and the mu*** of light wines; another is the growth of » worm and the planting of mulberry Km their use ; another is the manufacture of iffl* of the rude material. Some years »go «!" were so seldom to be found he« hat i «? difficult to procure the manufacture «' ^ elaborate work for love or money. J» is altered, and the ingenuity of the engio«M>» created a trade in mills, bodcrs, »nd «p* We arc glad to state «** *» «ffi* importation of sugar from the EasUnruc' will next year amount to about o«-t_^ total consumption of the kingdom.-^ iron boat», and other works. , ft glad to state that it is ««P"1T',... n of sugar from the East ear amount to about oat umption of the kingdo Chronicle. ", The operation of empyema ha» been snece fully performed b} Surgeon Gordon, ** Cumberlnnd-strcet, on a young; way, .» pints of matter excavated from the eliw. was for a long time supposed to tie»» . underconsumption, but thi. delicate op r« at once relieved Ii« from nil ding-v-*«* Chronkk, Progress of Temperance.-The following paragraph is taken from the Morning Register a journal not likely to cavil at Mr. Mathew's success, or to question the existence of miracle» : Head Office-There were not less than 100 pri- soners brought up nt this office on Sunday morning, 40 of them charged with drunkenness and 20 with tippling. It is a curious fact, that within the Inst two months the drunken class ot persons have actually increased upwards of BO percent. Out ofthc above 100 persons, 34 females were committed to Grangegorman-lanc, and 31 to the Richmond Bridewell ; 0 were com- mitted to Newgate, and the remainder paid the fines. Wc ran unaffectedly say, that wc deplore this lamentable increase of, or rather relapse into, drunkenness, although it goes distinctly to prove all we ever said and wrote upon the sub- ject. The change was too sudden to be lasting; "ad the power worked upon was the prejudices, not the reason, of the people. Temperance and sobriety were not the results of a religions or a moral conviction. They were produced by a man, and were considered to be the consequence of a mirocle. How conld effects growing out of such casues be expected to be|Iasting or per manent? Weall along predicted this result not with a view of checking a salutary move- ment, but of directing aright a tendency which might, by judicious treatment, be confirmed into a beneficial habit, based on principle. The re- coil of such high-strained excitement as that which Father Mathcvv produced, cannot but be most prejudicial to the public welfare. The Bishop of Durham has announced his intention of giving priz.es during his incumbency to the amount of thirty guineas annually, for the encouragement of literature and science. The following prizes arc proposed for the year 1811 :-1. A prize of ten guinensfor the student who passes the examination nt the end of the Academical Year, in the Hebrew Text and Scp tuagint Version of the Book of Genesis, begin- ning with the twelfth chapter, and of the first twenty chapters of the book of E.vodm ; and in the gospel of St. Matthew in Greek with es- pecial reference to Hellenistic phraseology and cvprcssion. 2. A priz.c of ten guineas for the best Latin prose essay on the following sub- ject :-" Quietinm fucrit, Romanic rcipublicic sub Augusto constitutio.' " The essay to be sent to the Warden on or before the 30th of April, 1341. 3. A prize of ten guineas for the best proficient in mathematics at the final ex- amination of students in Arts in the Civil En g'uiccrinx. No prizes will be adjudged, except in cases of positive merit.-Gateshead Observer. Thk Liiiirai. Prkss in tub North.-The Northern Liberator, a newspaper which had been published for rather more than three years in Newcastle, and has advocated the political opinions of the ultra-radicals and Chartists, ter- minated its existence on Saturday last. This is the third attempt which has been made in Newcastle unsuccessfully to carry on au ultra radical journal.-Durham Advertiser. We understand the lion. Francis Villiers, son ofliarl and Countess of Jersey, of the 23d Regiment, has been nppointcd Aide de Camp to his Excellency Sir Colin Campbell, the new Govenor of Ceylon. ¡ Sir George Crewe, M.P., has given 1000/., ¡ and Lady Crewe 100/., towords the errection of I the intended new church at Ticknall. Anagrams.-If the reader were to transpose the letters contained in the title of our youthful Queen, Una Most Gracious Majesty Alex as-orina Victoria ! he would find that the following anagram night be formed on them ; _" Ah I my extravagant joco-serious Radical \ Mhmtcr." Another example, the applicability j of which all the world will allow, is His Grace | the Duke of Wellington !-" Well fought no disgrace iii thee." By the recent demise of Lord Bruce, the eld- est son of Lord Elgin, his sister, Lndy Mary Christopher, the lady of the member for North Lincolnshire, has became the next in succession to an immense fortune, approaching to thirty thousand a year. Loss ox tiif. Steam-tug Fwdi.ek, hy Fire. -On Thursday evening the steam-tug Fiddler, t.hcn off Gravesend, suddenly took fire ; and not- withstanding every exertion to subdue the flames, she sunk ia.sevea fathoms water. The crew escaped Df,struction of a Stf.amer hy Fire.-The following is an extract of a letter dated Corunna,' Dec. 21 :-" The steam-packet Clyde, Captain 1 Gontbrie, bound from Newcastle for Gibraltar , and Marseilles,put'.inhere (Corunna) on Saturday, j the 19th hist., and soon after took fire. She ¡was immediately put on shore and scuttled, but j the nftcrpart of the vessel was burnt down to jthcwatcr'scdgc. Noliveswcrelost."-Standard. 