POPE'S VILLA. From a Correspondent to a hondón Paper. j 1 have just returned from a stroll to this once picturesque, but now dilapi dated place. Here the bard of Twic enham sang his polished and harmonious strains; here the witty but coase Deane Swift told his frightening story to the angler about the "shriek fish;" here was translated that wonderful Grecian Story of the Iliad ; and now the lovely villa with al! its associates, have fallen into the hands, if not of the Piilistiues, of the rapacious spoilers, who are sell ing even the very soil from the garden on which" the poet walked and medi tated. They thiuk not of his eupho nious verses nor do they, lost ia their love of mammon, ever dream of the loved one that Pope describes - "On her fair breast an ebon cross she wore, That Jews might worship, infidels adore." Alas ! no ; and thus do all things mortal change, except the immortal mind. How many centuries has the silvery Thames rolled to and fro its tributary stream ? Coins of the Caesars have been exhumed from its slimy bed, as have also bronze Roman tutelary deities. As in the days of Julius and Augustus, so doth it now meauder along, while the cantabs of Cambridge and Oxford race on its surface where Roman galleys were once won I to ride. So passes away the glory of the world ; but the immortal mind still re mains as much in an Egyptiau sphinx as in Cicero's Orations, in a pyramid as in Caesar's Commentaries. But I am wanderin J; from the villa. Here is the walnut tree and the weeping wil low planted by Pope : the grotto, too, remains, for a few brief months longer. As I wandered over the ruins of thisonce lovely place, aud the setting sun was shedding its splendour on the glassy surface of the Thames, no sooner had the fountain of light and life left wood and water, hill aud vale, in evening shade, thau the moon threw her soft enchanting light o'er the scene, and the lines of Pope's Elegy came on my me mory 1 ke a dream of days past aud for ever gone : - '' What beckoning ghost, along the moonlight shade Invites my steps and points to yonder glade 1 Tis she ! but why that bleeding bogoin gored 1 Why dimly gleams the visionary sword ? Oh, ever beauteous, ever friendly, tell I«? it, in heaven, a crime to love too well 1 To bear too tender or loo firm a heart To act a lover's or a Roman's parti Is there no bright reversion in the sky For those who greatly think, or bravely die V 