To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIR,-Your able exposition of the absurdities of the Probation system, has produced conviction on the inind of every thinking man in the Island, ex- cepting always those few who pretend to think and direct Public opinion, but who in reality are dis- seminating the views and opinions of their task- master the Government, In direct connexion with the consideration of the hopelessness of improvement from this newfangled scheme of soul debasing discipline, is to be no- ticed a certain regulation, which, without being formally announced, is nevertheless generally acted upon in all appointments to petty offices in the several Departments of Government, namely, that the fact of having been a prisoner renders an appli- cant ineligible for a situation, the duties of which he perhaps performed with credit to himself and to the satisfaoton of his superior, while he was a pri- soner. Now, Mr. Editor, is not this a hideous injustice. Heretofore it was said to tho prisoner on landing, " behave well for the future and we'll forget what's past, be cautious of relapsing into your old practices and the road to respectability is open before you." And open it certainly wasin the ¿he much abused assignment system, for the interest and inclination of the master wené hand- in-hand in suppressing vice, in rewarding industry, in foster- ing every desire for improvement/ and removing every impediment to that most desirable consumma- tion1. To say that there were some, or even many masters' so blind to their own interests as to neglect their duty in this respect, or that there were men who either never felt their .' healing ¡nfluerfcp," or were so hardened in wickedness as to require a severer system of coercion, is only to say, that man's judgement at best is liable to err, and that masters and men possessed their due share of ignorance and obstinacy ; oppression on one hand, and insubo. Ji naton on the other ; but these coses were the excep- tions to the rule, and I am as far from claiming perfection for the old system as I am from allowing that tho new one can at all produce any thing like the same number of really reformed individuals. How in the name of goodness can it? when every faculty is enfeebled at present, and every hope for the future crushed. The Pi ob.itión mau on Unding is now told, " you ai e a bad man, and to make j ou better we will remove you to a place where j ou will not be able to see that " vii tue is its owil rctoaid," for we will condemn you to herd with men as bad or worse than yourself, but where you w ill see plenty of crime, and perhaps in more revolting forms than you ever did before, and when we have kept you there long enough to have grown familiar with th'ese enormities, when your physical powers are enfeebled with toil and privation, when your intellectual facul- ties are stultified and besotted, then, and not until then, shall you be permitted a partial return to society, but hope not to regiJn your former stand- ing, for we ( the Government ) that have debased you, will not employ you in any capacity for which youmay have been heretofore adapted ; our "system" went to degrade and brutify you, and as it leaves you so you must continue, of course when you become free you may fight through all the dfficul ties with which our "system" surrounds j ou, and cease to be a mere " hewer of wood and drawer of water," but as far as human foresight can venture to predict, it is exceedingly unlikely that j ou can ever emerge from the depth of hopeless misery which your crimes and our cruelty has plunged you in. If such are not the exact words of the Governor's opening address to each successive arrival of pro- bationers, it must at least be allowed, to be a true statement of the means about to be employed, and the end likely to be attained by the newfangled body and soul destroying probation " system." Rewards and punishments are weapons for correcting and improving erring man, as old as the social compact, but now we have a " system" thrust upon us, which carefully eschews rewards, but deals out punish- ment without measure or mercy, that it is founded in injustice you have plainly proved, that it is absurd and Impolitic you have clearly shewn, and that this abortive bantling of some " Penal Science" bungler, may be suddenly suffocated by your able opposition, is the wish of every good and humane man, and the PETE» PERTINENT. earnest prayer of NARRATIVE.-On Wednesday evening last, the Rev. Mr. Waterhouse, Superintendent- General of the Wesleyan Missionary Church in Australasia and Polynesia, related a pleasing and interesting narra- tive of his voyaging among the several Missionary Stations in the Islands during the last eleven months. Ho first visited Sydney and Paramatta, thence to New Zealand, where ho was agreeably surprised at the progress mado by the interesting natives of that Island, and earnest appeals were made to him for more Missionaries. In several of the Friendly and Sandwich Islands the greater part of the inhabitants have embraced Christianity. In tho Feejee Islands, inhabited by the most inveterate canibals, many of thom have been quite changed by the force of reli- gious instruction ; which, Tvhere it has had time to be in any way understood, has produced a reverential awe and respect in the minds of tho savages both towards tho subject and the instructors ; this cannot but bo ascribed to the working of an Omnipotent power. In one of these Islands Mr. Waterhouse met a king, or chief, seven and a half feet high, and well proportioned, who keeps a harem of thirty women. The reverend gontlcman stated that he had presents made him of a considerable number of cu- riosities, which ho offered to any individual or society that would fit up a proper placo for the purpose of having them displayed to the community. Our Mechanics' Institute should promptly embrace the offer. WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.-We believe that the Chief Police Magistrate intended to create responsible and honorable minded men, in their several situations, under his guidance and patronage-men that would be content with their fixed salaries, and not look after the filthy lucre, so unwisely and improperly held out to the temptation of covetous man, through the careless manner in which the colonial laws have boen so hastily and carelessly drawn. The present examiner was formerly a district and a money-getting man, especially in the information line, in which capacity he cut no ordinary figure, and retired with at least £500 ; but the Chief Police Magistrate discovering his latent sanguinary feeling for money, dispensed with his district constable, and left bim examiner of weights and measures at a fixed salary-which, as a matter of course, means, of all he could get by virtue of his office-namely, half of every fino for every information in which he obtains a conviction. Now, as a specimen of the unbiassed patriotic and honourable discharge of duty by this worthy exa- miner, look at a case the other day: Dark, a butchor ticket-of- leavc-man, was charged with a gross broach of the weight and measure act, such as would have subjected him to at least a £10 fine, which no doubt the honest examiner fully depended on; but mark his cunning, he kept it dark that the defendant was a ticket-of-Icave-man, and which tho sitting magis- trate was ignorant of until it was reported to him by another officer-not by the examiner-and the de- fendant, to the no small chagrin of Mr. Examiner, was deprived of his ticket and ordered to the roads. Our attention was drawn to this subject by a striking report from our Asmodeus, who called in on the above occasion and afterwards on another, when a poor butcher, lately insolvent, who was indebted to the honourable-minded examiner in an arrear fine and had not paid him, which base neglect no doubt stimu- lated the weight-and-measure-man to diligently visit him lately, and for a very trifling breach, was fined; when tho Examiner-although the government had not troubled him for their moiety of the fine, he having been insolvent-when the charitable weight and-measurc-man, insisted on the immediate payment of the fino in arrear, but the bench, much to their credit, allowed him a month to pay it. Do away the moieties of tbo fines to these mock state officers, and thon the government will find out the honest officer from the designing mercenary one. WATER COMPANY.-A few weeks past a Water Company, cut and dry, appeared in print, but hal ing made some inquiries respecting its progress, the answer has been uniformly-" we have not heard one word more about it." The season is advancing, and we would remind the Company that they should be up and doing. CAUTION TO ANONVMODS LETTER-WRITERS_ The Master of the Rolls, on coming into Court, stated that he had received a letter on the subject of a cause now pending before bira. His lordship handed the letter to Mr. Tierney, one of the opposing counsel to the party adopted by the letter-writer, adding that the writer was no doubt aware of the gross contempt of Court ho committed by writing to a Judge, for lie had done so anonymously, and evidently in a feigned hand. Such conduct was as cowardly as it » as baso, and if ho could discover the writer he would commit him to tho Fleet prison, not so much for the writing as for the cowardly nssassin-liko manner in which he had dono so. Mr." Tierney, on reading the letter, expressed his disgust at the baseness of the writer, and having obtained his Lordship's permission, toro it to pieces.-Spectator _ MR. EDWARD ABBOTT.-It is, we perceive, impos- sible to make this "Justice" do himself the justice of being sensiblo of his own situation. Why does he not at pnce acknowledge the vilenes of his conduct, instead of inventing lie upon lie to cover it with, which nothing can do while the vile anonymous letters remain, and all who see them are ready to swear they are his ? M'o are sick and tired of showing what he is ;_ho only proves himself to bo uttorly incapable of shame or fooling A NEW FLOUR MILL.-We observe a new steam flour mill in full operation on the Old Wharf, with < the title in large letters above the door " THE COM- . MERCIAL FLOUR MILL." It is the property, we be- lieve, of those enterprising mechanics, Davison and Clarke, who have purchased Mr. Harris' foundry, in Macquarie-street. It is 8-horse power, drives two pair of large grindstones, and possesses the means of adding a third pair should business require it ; it can grind nine bushels per hour, and has a good dressing machine attached. The engine is Scotch made, and works extremely true and easy. The cylinder is twelve inches diameter, the piston is metallic stuffed, aud the length of stroke twenty-eight inches. There is another new steam flour mill erected in Macquarie street, by Mr. Turnbull, the late distiller, which, we learn, is of the first order, and works well. We trust the day is not distant when we shall see no more wheat, but flour exported from tho Colony, aud the offal used in the feeding of our cattle. THE FACTORY.-We copy the following paragraph from the Tasmanian and Review. We heartily concur in the proposed arrangement of a Female Committee to manage the women in the "Valley of the shadow of Death," but we trust a few respectable married ladies of some little Colonial experience, will be ap- pointed to assist these young ladies in their laudable enterprise. Although we are informed Miss Hayter has bcen.similarly engaged in England, she will find some little difference here:- "The Factory. - We have received a communication relative to the appointment of Mr. Spode, Mr. Champ, and Mr. Nairne, to form a committee to frame regulations for the guidance of a Ladies' Committee, composed of Miss Hayter, (re- cently arrived from England a protegee of Mrs. Fry's) Miss Barnard, (sister of the Government Printer) and another lady, to whom the Lieutenant-Governor pur- poses to confide an investigation as to the conduct of the Factory and other places of punishment for females. The representation of what took place at Government House on Tuesday, when these ladies assembled, is too graphic for our columns." BRIDGES.-Wellington Bridge, notwithstanding the culpable neglect of the public works department, became passable for pedestrians on Sunday Week, and on tlie following Tuesday for carriages. When the bridge across the Derwent at Bridgewater is finished Sir John Franklin will merit the grateful acknow- ledgement of the whole colony. To seo the North Esk at Launceston, the South Esk at Perth, the Elizabeth at Campbelltown, the Macquarie at Ross, tho Jordan at Brighton, and the Derwent at Bridge- water, besides several small streams crossed by good | and substantial bridges, by which the grand line of road will be thoroughly completed, is a measure of improvement of no ordinary importance, and what few, if any, could have contemplated ten years ago. The income that may be realized at Bridgewater and Perth bridges by a very moderate toll, will not only refund the money but also keop the whole line of road in thorough repair, and bring the interior and the capitals as near each other as can be effected, until it be superceded by the grand improvement of a rail-road. ROAD ACT.-During the discussion in the Legisla- tive Council last week on the subject of the Restdown Pontoon Bridge, the sensible remarks made by the Co lonial Secretary on the subject of the Road Act, and the public roads generally, do him infinite credit. It will be in the recollection of most of our readers, that some months ago we submitted a similar recom- mendation to the public, namely, that the Govern- ment should form and make all the public roads, then hand them over as they were finished to the Colo- nists, who would gladly engage to keep them in good order, authorised by an Act of Council to appoint Commissioners and trustees in each district, with power to impose rates and tolls for that purpose, and for such further improvements as might be consi- dered necessary at public district meetings. We can see no difference between a new Road Act, and the present one, if it is amended in accordance with the aforesaid views ; and we trust the honourable gen- tleman will speedily carry out his recommendation, the incalculable importance of which to the well being of the whole Colony is too obvious to require one word more on the subject. WHEAT - By the Sydney papers received to the 8th instant, it appears that large importations of Wheat, to the extent of 50,000 bushels in one week, had taken place during t he month of August, and that several ships had since arrived, loaded with both Wheat and Flour, which had a most pernicious effect upon the grain market. The Government Wheat con- tract is said to have been taken by Lamb and Parbury at 4s. lOd. per bushel. Every friend to the Colonies will deprecate the unfortunate extremes into which the price of corn has run during the last two years. SPYISM.-It is pleasing to relievo the local Go- vernment from any false accusation or impression, because «f its rarity. We hasten then to correct to a considerable extent any impression that may have been made by our article of last week respecting Go- vernment spyism. So soon aâ the Chief Police Ma- gistrate became acquainted with the base conduct of the district and his sub respecting the two young men and the brothel concern, ho gave orders to havo them both immediately dismissed, of which doubtless no- tice will be taken in the Gazette. It may not bo out of place hero to add, that the two constables ia ques- tion were FREE. CONCERT.-Mrs. Elliott and Mr. Reichenberg have advertised a Concert at the Theatre, which is ex- pected to be a high musical treat. We understand family tickets are as usual to be sent to the Press, and we shall not fail to report the particulars. We trust it will receive the patronage of every family in the town and neighbourhood, at these times, when thero is no place of public amusement at which to pass the evenings. RELIGIOUS HARMONY.-The Watchman newspaper the property of the Wesleyans, has announced that the Rev. Dr. M'Kellar, Moderator of the General As- sembly of the Church of Scotland, and tho Rev. Dr. Candlish, of St. James's Church, Edinburgh, were to preach the respective Anniversary Sermons on tho morning and evening of the first day of tho meeting of the Wosloyan Conference in London which was to be held in May last. THE KING OP TONGA_The Rev. John Water- house will preach in the Wesleyan Chapel, Melville street, on tho morning of Sunday next, a translated discourse, preached at Vavow, in his presence, by George, King of Tonga, who seems to act both the Sovereign and High Priest of his people. THE REGATTA.-We have been repeatedly asked, during the past week, what are tho members of the Regatta Comraitte about? Numerous preparations are in forwardness by individuals for this holiday of holidays, but apparently nothing doing by the office bearers. It is time they were moving. THE LATE JOHN IBBOTSON'S ESTATE_In refer enco to an advertisement inserted in this day's paper, calling a meeting of tho Subscribers, in the Ship Hotel, on Wednesday the 6th Oct., we are desired to request all defaulters in the list, to come forward and pay their respectivo subscriptions provious to such meeting. THE CENBDS of the population of New South Wales, up to the 2nd March, 1841, shews the amount to be 130,856. This me isurc will enable the Govern- ment to ascertain the annual consumption of provisions required, and prevent famine prices in future, by acting a little Joseph-like : Males, married. 18,802 Ditto, unmarried . 66,366 Females, married. 17,551 Ditto, unmarried . 26,007 Malc3, free bom in the colony. 14,819 Ditto, arrived freo. 30,745 Ditto, other free persons. 15,760 Ditto, ticket- of-lcave holders.'.. 5843 Ditto, in government employment. 6658 Ditto, in private assignmo it. 11,343 Females, free horn in the colony. 14,630 Arrived free. 22,158 Other free persons ..'. 3037 Ticket-of-leavo holders .J. 316 In government employment. 979 In private assignment . 1838 THE MARKETS.-The news from Sydney has still a tendency to depress our grain market ; and although wo havo hoard of a small lot of 60 bushels of wheat of very superior quality having been sold within the last few days for 9s. a bushel, for seed, yet that is no criterion ; it is difficult to effect sales to any extent at tho following quotations :-Wheat, dull, 7s. 3d. to 7s. 6d. per bushel ; oats, 6s, to 63. 6d. ditto ; English barley, 6s. 6d. to 7s. 6d. ditto ; Cape ditto, little or no demand, 5s. to 5s. 6d. ditto ; hay, loose, £7 to £8 per ton ; ditto pressed, £8 to £9 ditto ; potatoes, 7s. to 9s. per cwt. ; Port Arthur coals, 14s. per ton ; Sydney ditto, 45s. ditto ; she-oak, 10s. to 12s. ditto ; gum, 8s. ditto; shingles, 12s. per 1000; boards, 10s. por 100 foot; posts and rails, 34s. per 100; paling, 8ft. 8s. per 100 j ditto 6ft. 6s. ditto ; turkey«, 14s. to 16s. per couple; geese, 10s. to 12s. ditto; ducks, 8s. to 10s. ditto; fowls, 4s. 6d. to6s. ditto; eggs, Is.3d. to Is. 6d. per dozen; fresh butter, 2s. 3d. to 2s. 6d. per lb. SVDNEV.-Tho following is the esfímatetf value of colonial produce exported to England since tho Isf « Jan. last :- ' . . , - Wool, 21,717 bales, taken at 2501bs. each . .. 5,429,2501bs. at Is. 3d. per lb., is . £339,378 Suerm Oil, 1934 casks, about 1000 tuns, at £80 . 80,000. Black ditto, about 500 tuns, at £20 . 10,000 Whalebone, 50 tons, at £100. 5,000. £434,378 The quantity of foreign grain and flour imported into the dinny from the 6th April 1839, to the 5tli April. 1841, was 4915 tons ol'flour, and 386,549 bushels qf wheat; and from 6th April to 7th Sept., about 100,000 bushels additional in wheat and flour, the amount of which will nearly swallow up the value of tho wool and oil, and what is worse, the money gone to a foreign market. The number of immigrants arrived at Sydney duringthe lastthreemonths o'xcee'ds7009. The petition presented to the Council by the Chief Justice for a Corn law doty, was withdrawn by His Honor. In comparing the amount of grain and flour in New South Wales with the consumption of tim population, which has been correctly ascertained, it has boon established that there arc 100,000 bushels moro than can bo consumed until next harvest, which is antici- pated to be a very plentiful one. BRIDGEWATER_We learn that several of the Le- gislative Councillors are unfavourable to the erection of a Bridgo across the Derwent at Bridgewater, pro- posing rather to employ a portion of the money which this erection would cost, for improvements in roads and bridges in the interior of the colony, and instead of a bridge, to have a steamer stationed at the ferry. We scarcely believe the gentlemen serious in their opposition ; besides the uncertainty from accident and othorwiso of such a communication, the first cost would be nearly £2,500,' and the annual expense of an engineer,- master, fire-men', fuel, &e;,' would bo little short of £1000. . We trust His Excellency will not permit himself to be deprived of one of the most valuable improvements and mementos of his adminis- tration he can leave behind him at his departure,' being a measure too that will not only refund tho money laid out in its érection, but produce a revenue sufficient to keep the whole of the principal line of road in repair. A BERious COMPLAINT has been made to us to the effect that tbe butter, eggs, poultry, vegetables, &c.;,' brought from the country to the market-place on the Saturday mornings, are so forestalled by the dealers that no inhabitant of the town need be at tho trouble of visitiiig that place for the sake of purchasing. The name " Public Market" under such circumstances is a misnomer. . , ENVY.-About ten to eleven' o'clock last night, a man was taken in the act of destroying the new-made bricks in the yard of Mr. Wilmot, New Town Road, who was found out to be himself a trickmaker ; he will be brought before the Police Magistrate to receive the reward of his base and malicious conduct. This is something akin to the honorable system of anony- mous letter-writing and false printing. THE " AURIGA. -This vessel arrived in our har- bour yesterdaj', laden with provisions and merchan- dise, consigned to Mr. M'Lachlan. She left London' on the 25th May, and has brought a very small mail. There is no later news by her than we bad by former arrivals. In fact, we can expect none of importance' till a vessel leaves after the discussion' of the Com' Law question on the 4th June. SALE OF CROWN LANDS_We beg to remind our readers that the extensive sale of crown lands takes place at the Court House, Hobart Town, at 12 o'clock on Saturday next, the 2nd of October. THE FOUNDATION STONE of a now Church was laid by the Commandant at Launceston on the 22nd inst, with all the ceremonies. (From the Cornwall Chronicle, September 25.J WRECK OF TIIE BRIG " DAVID" OF LAUNCESTON. -A letter has been received from Captain Mills of tho whaling brig David, hailing from this port, the property of Messrs. Henty, stating the loss of that vessel on the 4th of August last, m Wideray Bay, about forty miles to the eastward of Port Nicholson, in Cook's Straits, during a strong gale of wind from the southward and eastward. Captain Mills had en- tered the Straits in very think weather with the in- tention of making Port Nicholson, and unexpectedly found himself embayed. The vessel was immediately hauled upon a wind, and an attempt made to work off shore, but she refused stays, and after wearing her three times it was found she was going bodily on. The anchors were let go, and the masts cut away, but to no avail ; sho shortly afterwards took the ground, and in less than1 one hour from the time she was broken up. Unfortunately three of the crew perished ; their names are not mentioned by Captain Mills in his letter. Tho David was almost filled up. She bad on board 100 tons of black and 15 tons sperm oil, and 4 tons whalebone; sho was insured. LORD HAWE'S ISLAND.-A settlement has been formed upon Lord Hawo's Island, situato in lat. 31° 30' south, long. 158° east, for the supply of whalers and other vessels with live stock, fish, potatoes, and other vegetables, slops, &c.;, on moderate terms. Vessels approaching the island can bo communicated with by a boat, which is kept for the purpose of con- veying supplies, so that commanders of vessels will have no occasion to send boats on shore. The settle- ment is on the west side of the island. The steamer Seahorse, J. Ewing commander, ar- rived at Sydney from Port Phillip on the 13th inst., having mado the passage in sixtj'-six hours. GRAIN MARKET-Flour, first quality, £20 per 2000 lbs. ; wheat 6s. to 7s. per 60 lbs. The William arrived yesterday, bringing unpleasant intelligence of the grain market in Sydney. The large importation of wheat from Valparaiso had rendered the article' a drug. Some of the recent shipments from this port ' remained unsold on the departure of the William. The nominal price for Van Diemen's Land wheat was 6s. ; Valparaiso 4s. Cd. per bushel. PRIVATE BALL.-On Tuesday evening a second ball and supper was given by Lieutenant Breton, our " Police Magistrate, w-hich was attended by upwards of one hundred of the inhabitants. The excellent taste displayed in the arrangements, and the liberality evident in providing for the occasion, afforded the utmost pleasure to all parties present. Mr. Breton is doing much towards civiliiing Launceston, he has- set an example which will wo trust be followed by every family in the town, an example which must be productive of kindly feelings throughout the com- munity-feelings, wo regret to say, that hitherto have been enjoyed in very contracted circles. A Board of Inquiry, consisting of P. A, Mul- grave, Esq.. Chairman of Quarter Sessions, and H. B. Torlesse, Esq., Police Magistrate of Campbelton, assembled on Wednesday, the 15th instant, at Avoca, for the purpose of investigating and reporting upon a series of charges preferred by Major Gray and three other gentlemen of the district, against Captain Gardiner, the Assistant Police Magistrate of Avoca. Upon the opening of the proceedings, which were public, Major Gray stated that he had been nominated , by the other gentlemen to conduct the inquiry on their behalf, and Mr. Rocher appeared as counsel for Captain Gardiner. The Board continued sitting until Wednesday last, the 22nd instant, and examined very minutely into the several charges, which it ap- pears were founded upon the circumstances to which we alluded some time back, of Captain Gardiner having caused a dog to be forcibly taken from the premises of a man of the name of Robinson, and shot. We shall anxiously await the result of the inquiry, as we have heard several conflicting statements as to the actual merits of the case. The occurrence, when first represented to us. and the subsequent proceed- ings thereon appeared anything but favorable to Captain Gardiner, but in matters like these we must not forget the old maxim of "audi alteram partem." DEATH-At New Zealand, on the 18th June last, after twelve weeks' indisposition, aged 60, much re- spected, the Rev. John Gare Butler, native guardian and interpreter of the New Zealand Company. (From the Launceston Courier, September 27.) . THE THEATRE_We ore happy to say, this placo of amusement is becoming bettor attended than at ' first. On Thursday night, there was a crowded house, when were performed, tho Melo-drama, of the ? " Idiot Witness, or a Tale of Blood," and the amus- ing fareo of " My Husband's Ghost." Mr. Thomp- son's acting in the Melo-drama was particularly af- fecting, his action graceful and adapted to the cha- racter. Mr. Watson sustained tho part of the Idiot admirably throughout, so much so, that, (strange as the compliment, may appear) none but an idiot could have performed it better. Mrs. O'Flaherty acted aa,* Pago to tho Queen; but this character is not well suited to her particular talents. Mr.-Serle made an. . excellent Dame Tugscull, and as usual went through, the part with great accuracy. We understand that-, a project has again been mooted, for establishing a¿ - permanent theatre in this town, to consist of a cer«. . tain number of shares at fifty pounds each, 