T.HE LAUMGESTO^ COURIER. MONDAY, AUGUST 16. A meeting of the Committee appointed at the late meeting will be held this day at the Court House, at two o'cloclc. We. hope to see a full attendance of members, as the subject for their deliberation is of the utmost importance to the whole Colony. We copy the following from ihe Cornwall Chronicle of the 31st July. Prison Discipline.— We intended to devote a I column this week to the subject of Prison Discipline, but several of our friends considering the information we were desirous to publish had better be embodied in a memorial to the Secretary of State, we have so deter mined. Further allusion in the newspaper is therefore rendered unnecessary. And of August tbe 7th — ' And, as a pledge that hereafter he shall have no 'cause to complain of obscurity, that man was William '? Lushing ton Goodwin I' ' Tbe above appears in the literary spawn— which is gratuitously circulated from the Advertiser office occa sionally ou Monday morning— in a long article, in which is attempted to prove unnecessary the occasion of the 6re in Charles-street With that matter, and the gentleman connected with it, at present, William Lushington Goodwin does not think proper to trouble himself; John Knight, his clerk, his starry contributor, and his wretched associates may rail away at pleasure ; it would be better for them all, if they can, in their maddened eflusions adhere, to the truth; their Monday's rhapsody, is, in some particulars, false as themselves. A pirate once' lived on an Isle, And he fed upon garbage and water ; A grim devil that never could smile, But when up to bis elbows in slaughter. Wherever he's gone, he's fair game, Tis a pity tbe world should .not know it ; Some. say to Tasmania he came, And set up for a Br/rcHHR and Poet. Old Song. To strike the fallen, and to torture the de fenceless, are no maxims of ours. It is with re luctance, and commiseration we again draw the averted eye of the public, to tbe prostrate Chronicle, and revive the remembrance of his infamy. ' Our slrictures are softened by tbe con viction that his style and opinions must neces sarily reflect his mental character, and that the laws of civilized man, can only be imposed where no natural bar to their authority *xistsv; the majestic ' straightforwardness' of the butcher may be expected to tinge the columns of the editor; nor would it be lenient to complain, that he, — an official purveyor to the appetite for de traction —should sometimes over-rate its demand, and surfeit, when he only purposed to satisfy. Had the Chronicle exhibited unequivocal symptoms of penitence, we should have per mitted his escape; we should have favourably construed his announcement, that, with amiable docility, he had dropped into the advice of his friends, nor doubted that inward remorse, and not the public disgust, had terrified him from his project of persecuting a prisoner. More in melan choly, than in auger, we might .indeed have pined for lhat discourse on prison discipline, which is now to travel the world before we feast on its profound and philanthropise conclusions ; but we have the consolation,' that the next dis patch from Downing-street will be a transcript of the opinions of ihe Cornwall Chronicle, and that the Secretary of State who is now to have that confidence the public have repudiated, '.. *' Will Dncurar nil hie ^aro« anrl nmml nil ltio lnvn ** ?. But ' public duty' prohibits the indulgence of these compassionate views : the Chronicle must expiate his falsehood by confession, ' his eyes must weep the folly of his tongue;' in vain he tells us of' a volume of argument' which has never seen the light— in vain he seeks shelter under the shadow of the muses: that 'starry' ghost, with which he dared not grapple, must still pursue him : we must dodge him in every effort to avoid the spectre which haun's him! with the picture of his baseness ; we must whirl the torch, and ply the lash, until the world is satisfied, that there is one visage too sombre to be illuminated by the blush of shame. The Chronicle charges us with participating in the ignominy of the false accuser; but what part of our narrative of facts,— (facts, which if untrue, deserve the severest penalty a libeller can suffer — facts, which if unchallenged by specific resistance, can never be overwhelmed in mass — facts, which singly and separately, as well as collectively, cover the Chronicle with eternal contempt) what part of that narrative of facts does he dare dispute ? Stand forth tlioii slanderer and show thyself! no longer .meanly plead the advice of friends : advice which never prevented the overflowing of malice, ought not to cover its impotence : are we to witness, in ihe short space of two months, every characteristic of the bully, from his tyranical bluster, lo liis sneaking cowardice ! Did you not give the world a specimen of triumphant ruffianism, trampling on four lau's at once, nnrl with impunity P Did you not, with cautious courage, and saga cious passion, make a prisoner, a woman, and a fettered dog, the subject of the experiment ? And when that prisoner had recovered from the stunning blow, in which you valiantly endangered the muzzle of your gun, to feel all the miseries of bondage — to endure the conflict, produced by indignation at outrageous oppression, and fear ol the venom o! the editorial pen, until he deter mined to spare the feelings of his family, and leave his oppressor to another tribunal ;— did you not wait until lime should secure that liberty, which mis-directed mercy had conditionally al lowed, to demonstrate that brutality and grati tude, can never dwell in the same breast ?. Did yon not seize the occasion, of an awful visitation to moot a 'charge, where' to a prisoner, suspicion, would be ruin ? and when driven from the public office, did you not avenge your defeat from the coward's box, by pouring forth that torrent of malignity, which has raised up against you the community as one man, and made us tbe echo of their resentment? Stand forth thou slanderer, and confess, that truth is om nipotent ! Whatever emotions a part of these transac tions may occasion, the event of the whole must yield a delight, and impart that sympathetic triumph, which all participate, when the arm of spite is paraliscd, and its arrows shivered and scat tered. The observant eye, will not pass unnoticed, the unanimity of hundreds, in an effort to arrest the progress of destruction or the liberality of kindness, bountifully alleviating individual loss ; yet lurking malice, might have interwoven ihe darkest suspicion with the direst misfortunes ; the ledger might have perished ; there might have been insolvency to countenance the impu tation of arson : tbe prisoner niiaht have been the guiltless cause of the conflagration , but the calumniator is deprived of every excuse ; every justification lie alleges, ministers to his rebuke ; every partisan he invokes, refuses him counte nance ; Mb witnesses vanish beyond the power of police, and the service of subpoenas. To see malice plotting, labouring, and foaming — to see its fury recoil on itself— to see the ser pent unanimously, scouted and scorned, lashed andpeeled, trodden and wounded— trailing to his. bole, there seeking consolation in empty threats, and doggerel rhymes — this is a common — a public satisfaction, and re-assures the world that there is an impenetrablesbield,for the protection of the innocent. ****** 