flllaster lntstartt cj'sI ltlock, PERSONAL ADVENTURES OF MASTER HUAIPIIfEY. T1U OLD CURIOsITY SHO'P.-CriAPTER sXXI. With steps more faltering and unsteady than those with which she had approached the room, the child withdrew from the dcor, nod groped her way back to her own chamber. The terror she had lately felt was nothing compared with th, which now op. pressed her. No strange robber, no treacherous host conniving at the plunder of his guests, or steal ing to their beds to kill them in their sleep. no nightly prowler, however terrible and cruel, could have awakened in her bosom half the dread which tire seconnition of her silent visitor inspired. The grey headed old man gliding like a ghost into ler room and acting the thief while he supposed her fast asleep, then bearing off his prize and hanging over it with the ghastly exultation site had witnessed, was worse-immeasurably worse, and far more dread ful, for the moment, to reflect upon-than anything her wildest fancy could have suggested. If he should seturn-there was no lock or bhlt upon the door, and if, distrustful of having left some money yet be. hind, lie should come back to seek for more-a vague awe and horror surrounded tile idea of his slinking in again with stealthy tread, and turning Isis face towards tlIe empty bed, while she shrank down close at his feet to avoid his touch, which was almost insupportable. Site sat and listened. Hark! A footstep on the stairs, and now the door was slowly opening. It was but imagination, yet in,*.gination had all the terrors of reality; tay, it was worse, for c the reality would have come and gone, and there an end, but in imagination it was always coming, and never went away. The feeling which beset the child was one of dim uncertain horror. She had no fear of the dear old grandfather, in whose love for her this disease of the brain had been engendered; but the man soe had seen that night, wrapt in tihe game of chance, lurk. ing in her room, and counting the money by the glimmering light, seemed like another creature in his shape, a monstrous distortion of his image, a something to recoil from, and be tie more afraid of, because it bore a likeness to him, and kept close about her, as hIe did. Sise could scarcely connect her own affectionate companion, save by his loss, with this old man, so like yet so unlike him. She had wept to see him dull and quiet. How much greater cause she had for weeping now! The child sat watching and thinking of these things, until the phantom in her mind so increased in gloom and terror, that she felt it would be a re lief to hear the old man's voice, or, if he were asleep, even to' see him, and banish some of the fears that clustered round his image. She stole down the stairs and passage again. The door was still ajar' as sihe had left it, and the candle burning as before. Site had her own candle in her hand, prepared to say, if Ice were waking, that site was uneasy and could not rest, and had come to see if his were still alight. Looking into thie room, she saw him lying calmly on his bed, and so took courage to enter. last asleep-no passion in tihe face, no avarice, no anxiety, no wild desire; all gentle, tranquil, and at peace. This was not the gambler, or the shadow in her room; this was not even the worn and jaded man whose face had so often met her own in the grey morning light; this was her dear old friend, her harmless fellow-traveller, hier good, kind grand father. Site had no fear as site looked upon his slumber. ing features, but she had a deep and weighty sor row, and it found its relief in tears. "God bless him !" said the child, stooping softly to kiss his placid cheek. " I see too well now, that they would indeed part us if they found us out, and shut him up from the light of the sun and sky. He has only me to help him. God bless us both I" Lighting her candle, she retreated as silently as she had come, and, gaining her own roons once onore, sat up during the remainder of that long, long miserable night. At last the day turned her waning candle pale, and she fell asleep. She was quickly roused by the girl who had shown her up to bed; and, as soon as sie was dressed, prepared to go down to her grand father. But frst she searched hier pocket and found that her money was all gone-not a sixpence re mained. The old man was ready, and in a few seconds they were on their road. The child thought be rather avoided hier eye, and appeared to expect that she would tell him of her loss. Site felt she must do that, or Ice might suspect the truth. "Grandfather," sie said in a tremulous voice, after they had walked about a mile in silence, " do you think they are honest people at the house yonderl" I Why l" returned the old man trembling. ' Do I think them honest-yes, they played honestly." l I'll tell you why I ask," rejoined Nell. "I host some money last night-out of my bedroom I am sure. Unless it was taken by somebody in jest -only in jest, dear grandfather, which would make me laugh jeartily if 1 could but know it-" " Who would take money in jest I" returned the old man in a hurried manner. " Those who take money, take it to keep. Don't talk of jest." "'then it was stolen out of my room, dear," said the child, whose last hope was destroyed by tse snanner of this reply. " But is there no more, Nell?" said the old man; " no more anywhere ? Was it all taken-every far thing of it-was there nothing left 1" "Nothing," replied the child. "We must get more," said the old man, "owe must earn it, Nell, hoard it up, scrape it together, come by it somehow. Never mind this loss. Tell nobody of it, and perhaps we may regain it. Don't ask how ;-we may regain it, and a great deal more; -but tell nobody, or trouble may come of it. And so they took it out of thy room, when thou wert asleep!" he added in a compassionate tone, very different from the secret, corning way in which lie had spoken until now. " Poor Nell, poor little Nell ," 'The child hung dowvn her Icead and wept. 'I'Ic sympatlsising tone in whsich Ihe spoke was quite sincere; sloe was aura of thcat. It waa not tlta lightest part of hser aorrowv to know that this was done for her. "Not a word about it to any one but me," taid tlco old loan; " no. not even to me," Ihe added hastily, " fur it can do no goad. All thse losses thsat -ever were nor not worthl teoro franc thy eyes, darling.* Whsy should they ho, whlen weo will wein thcem back 1" " Let tlcem go," said lthe chcild, looking tsp. " Let Ilcesm go, once end for ever, and I wvould never ahed anotlcer tear if every penny Isad been a thcousand pounds." Wetll, weell," said sthe old man, helseking hcior self as sume imtpetuous anscver rose to hia lips, " lshe knowsa no better, I slsoald Ice tbattktul for it." "list listen to rte," said sthe chcild earsaessly; "will you listen so mel" " Aye, oye, Pill listen," said theo old man, still wvithcoat looking at heor. " A pretty voice. Is hsas alwvays a swveet sound so me. It olwvays had when0 it was hcer moohler's, poor clcild. "Let me perassado you. thsen-ob, do let me per. ouade yas," said the child, " so think no mare of gains or losses, and to try no fortune but the fortune we pursse togeelser." "Wa pursue thisi aim together," retorted lher grandfaslser, still leaking away, sod seemning to roster wvitls hitnoelt. ' Whtose smage sanctifieas the *game." IlHave we been worse off," resumed tire clcild, " since you forgot thsese cares, asnd we have been travelling on togelher 1 llovo we not been snarl better and Isappier without a sosne to sloelter us, thacs ever sve wvere in tlhat unloappy Icouse, wisen tlsey were on your miund 1" "Shte speaks lthe truth," murmured thte old mnil in ltce some sane as loo:are. " It toust not turn me, 'but it is tlce trutlo-no ,Ioubt it is." " Only remember what we have been since that bright looming whsen we turned asic hooks upon it for Ilso last time," said Nell, " only remember whcat we Isars been since ova tavu been free of all those mtiOeies-lvhat peaceful days and quiet nightts we bass Icad-whcat pleasant times sea save known *whstlsappinesq we hsavo enjoyed. If we have been tiredaor hcungry, we hsave bees soon reficelted, ansI slept the sounder for it, 'rTink whsat beautiful thsisga we Isave seect, and how contented we hsave felt. Anid why wos thIsl blesseld change 1" H~e stoppesl her with a motion of Isis htand, and basdn her talk to him no mere just theb, tar he wvas busy. After a limo Ice kissed her cheek, still ma tinning her to silence, and walked on, looking tar before halm, 'sod fometinmes stopping and gazing wiels a puckercel brow upson thme ground, as If Ite were pasofully trying to collect his disordered tsoeglcte. Oncesseostsa tearojin lsiseyes. Whoer Ice lssd goneos sbus for loose time, Ice took heor hand ihis Ide heIc was teoustomesl to do, wvitls nothIcng eIsof Iheiolenre or anincasioss of hIs late manner; aad no, by degree. so fine that the child could not trace them, settled down into his usual quiet way, and suffered her to lead him where she would. When they presented themselves in the midst of the stupendous collection, they found, as Nell had anticipated, that Mrs. Jnrley was not yet out of bed, and that, although site had suffered some uneasiness on their account overnight, and had indeed sat up for them until past eleven o'clock, she had retired in the persuasion that, being overtaken by the storm at some distance from home, they had sought the nearest shelter, and would not return before morning. Nell immediately applied herself with great assiduity to the decoration and preparation of the room, and had the satisfaction of completing her task, and dressing herself neatly, before the beloved of the royal family caame down to breakfast. "*We haven't had," said Mrs. Jarley when the meal was over, " more titan eight of Miss Maonila. thers's young ladies all the time we've been here, and there's twenty-sic of 'em, as I was told by the cook when I asked her a question or two and put her on the free-list. We must try 'em with a parcel of new hills, and you shall take it, tty dear, and see what effect that has upon 'em." (To be continued.) 