CHARLES O'MALLEY, THE IRISH DRAGOON. [CONTINUED.] For the next two or three weeks, my life was one of the most tiresome monotony. Strict injunctions had been given by the doctors to avoid exciting me, and, consequently, every one that came in walked on tip-toe, spoke in whispers, and left me in five minutes. Reading was absolutely forbidden, and, with a sombre half light to sit in, and chicken broth to support nature, I dragged out as dreary an existence as any gentleman west of Athlone. Whenever my uncle or Considine were not in the room, my companion was my own servant, Michael, or, as he was better known, "Mickey Free." Now, had Mickey been left to his own free and unrestricted devices, the time would not have hung so heavily; for, among Mike's manifold gists, he was possessed of a very great flow of gossiping conversation; he knew all that was doing in the coun- try, and never was barren in his informa- tion wherever his imagination could come into play. Mickey was the best hurler in the barony, no mean performer on the violin, could dance the national bolero of "Tatter Jack Walsh'' in a way that charmed more than one soft heart be- neath a red wolsey bodice, and had, withal, the peculiar free-and-easy devil- may-care kind of off-hand Irish way that deserted him in the midst of his wilest and most subtle moments, giving to a very deep and cunning fellow all the apparent frankness and openess of a country lad. He had attached himself to me as a kind of sporting companion; and grow- ing daily more and more useful, had been gradually admitted to the honors of the kitchen and the prerogatives of cast clothes; without ever having been ac- tually engaged as a servant, and while thus no warrant officer, as in fact, he discharged all his duties well and punct- ually, as rated among the ship's company; thought no one ever could say at what precise period he changed his caterpillar existence and became the gay butterfly, with cords and tops, a striped vest, and most knowing jerry hat, who stalked about the stableyard, and, builded the helpers. Such was Mike; he had made his fortune, such as it was, and had a most becoming pride in the fact that he made himself indispensible to an establish- ment which before he entered it, never knew the want of him. As for me, he was every thing to me: Mike informed me what horse was wrong why the chesnut mare couldn't go out and why the black horse could. He knew the arrival of a new covey of partridges quicker than the Morning Post does of a noble family from the Continent, and could tell their whereabouts twice as accurately, but his talents took a wider range than field sports afford, and he was the faithful chronicler of every wake, station, wedding, or christening for miles round, and, as I took no small pleasure in those very national pastimes, the in- formation was of great value to me. To conclude this brief sketch, Mike was a devout Catholic, in the same sense that he was enthusiastic about any thing, that is, he believed and obeyed exactly as far as suited his own peculiar notions of com- fort and happiness; beyond that his scepticism stepped in and saved him from inconvenience, and thought he might have been somewhat puzzled to reduce his faith to a rubric, still it answered his purpose, and that was all he wanted. Such, in short, was my valet, Mickey Free, and who, had not heavy injunctions been laid on him, as to silence and dis- cretion, would well have lightened my weary hours. "Ah! then Misther Charles," said he with a half-suppressed yawn at the long period of probation his tongue had been undergoing in silence, ah! then, but ye were mighty near it. "Near what?" said I. Faith then, myself doesn't well know; some say it's purgathory; but it's hard to tell. "I thought you were too good a Catholic, Mickey, to show any doubts on the matter." "May be I am--may be I ain't," was the cautious reply. Would'nt Father Roach explain any of your difficulties for you, if you went over to him? Faix it's little I'd mind his explaining. And why not? Easy, enough. If you ax ould Miles there without, what does he be doing with all the powther and shot, wouldn't he tell you he's shooting the rooks, and the magpies, and some other varment; but myself knows he sells it to Widow Casey, at two and fourpence a pound: so belikes, Father Roach may be choosing away at, the poor souls in purgathory, that all this time are enjoying the hosth of fine living in heaven, ye understand. nd you think that's the way of it, Mickey? Troth, it's likely. Anyhow, I know it's not the place they make it out. Why do you mean? Well, then, I'll tell you, Misther Charles; but you must not be saying anything about it father; for I dont like to talk about these kind of things. Having pledged myself to the requisite silence and secrecy, Mickey began:-- May be you heard tell of the way my father, rest his soul wherever he is, came to his end. Well I needn't mind par- ticulars, but, in short, he was murdered in Ballinasloe one night, when he was bait in the whole town with a blackthorn stick he had, more betoken, a piece of a scythe was stuck at the end of it; a nate weapon, and one he was mighty partial to: but these murdering theives, the cattle dealers, that never cared for diversion of any kind, fell on him and broke his skull. Well, we had a very agreeable wake, and plenty of the best of every thing, and to spare, and I thought it was all over, but somehow, though I paid Father Roach fifteen shillings, and made him mighty drunk, he always gave me a black look wherever I met him, and when I took off my hat, he'd turn away his head displeased like. Murder and ages, says I, what's this for? but as I've a light heart, I bore up, and didn't think more about it. One day, however, I was coming home from Ath- lone market, by myself on the road, when Father Roach overtook me. Devil a one a me 'ill take any notice of you now,' says I, and we'll see what'll come out of it. So the priest rid up, and looked me straight in the face.-- 'Mickey,' says he, Mickey,' Father,' says I. Is it that way you salute your clargy, says he, with your caubeen on your head? Faix, says I, it's little ye mind whether it's on or aff, for you never take the trouble to say by your leave, or damn your soul, or any other politeness, when I we meet. You're an ungreatful creature, says he, and if you only knew, you'd be trembling in your skin before me, this minute. Devil a tremble, says I, after walking six miles this way. You're an obstinate, hard-hearted sin- ner, says he, and it's no use in telling you. Telling me what? says I, for I was getting curious to make out what he meant. Mickey, says he, changing his voice and putting his head down close to me, Mickey, I saw your father last night. The saints be merciful to us, said I, did ye? I did, said he. Tear-an-ages, says I, did he tell you what he did with the new corduroys he bought in the fair? Oh! then, you are a could-hearted creature, says he, and I'll not lose time with you. With that he was going to ride away, when I took hold of the bridle. Father darling, says I, God pardon me, but them breeches is goin' between me an' my night's rest; but tell me about my father? Oh! then he's in a melancholy state! Whereabouts is he? says I. In purgathory, says he; but he wont be there long. Well, says I, that's a comfort any how. I am glad you think so, says he; but there's more of the other opinion. What's that? says I. That hell's worse. Oh! melia murther, says I, is that it? Ay, that's it. Well, I was so terrified and frightened I said nothing for some time, but trotted along beside the priest's horse. Father, says I, how long will it be be- fore they send him where you know? It will not be long now, says he, for they're tired entirely with him: they've no peace night or day, says he, Mickey your father is a mighty hard man. True for you, Father Roach, said I to myself: ay if he had only the ould stick with the scythe in it, I wish them joy of his company. Mickey, says he, I see you're grieved and I don't wonder; sure it's a great disgrace to a decent family. Troth it is, says I, but my father always low company. Could nothing be done for him now Father Roach? says I, looking up in the priest's face. I'm greatly afraid, Mickey, he was a very bad man. And ye think he'll go there? says I. Indeed, Mickey, I have my fears. Upon my conscience, says I, I believe you're right, he was always a restless crayture. But it dosn't depind on him, says the priest crossly. And then, who then? says I. Upon yourself, Mickey Free, says he; God pardon you for it too. Upon me? says I. Troth no less, says, he, how many masses was said for your father's soul? \--how many aves?--how many paters? \--answer me. Divil a one of me knows!--may be twenty. Twenty, twenty--no nor one. And why not? says I, what for, would'nt you be helping a poor crayture out of trouble, when it wouldn't cost you more nor a handfull of prayers. Mickey, I see, says he, in a solemn tone, you're worse nor a haythen: but ye couldn't be other, ye never come to yer duties. Well, Father, says I, looking very penitent, how many masses would get him out? Now you talk like a sensible man says he; now, Mickey, I've hopes for you--let me see--here he went countin' upon his fingers, and numberin' to him- self for five minutes--Mickey, says he, I've a batch coming out on Tuesday week, and; if you were to make great exertions, perhaps your father could come with them; that is, av they made no ob- jetions. And what for would they? says I; he was always the hoith of company, and av singing's allowed in them parts------ God forgive you, Mickey, but yer in a benighted state, says he, sighing. Well, says I, how'll we get him out Tuesday week? for that's bringing things to a focus. Two masses, in the morning, fastin', says father Roach, half loud, is two, and two in the afternoon is four, and two at vespers is six, says he, six masses a day for nine days is close by sixty masses-- sixty, says he, and they'll cost you--mind, Mickey, and don't be telling it again-- for it's only to yourself I'd make them so cheap--a matter of three pounds. Three pounds, says I, be-gorra ye might as well ax me to give you the rock of Cashel. I'm sorry for ye, Mickey, says he, gatherin' up the reins to ride off, I'm sorry for you; and the day will come when the neglect of your poor father will be a sore stroke agin yourself. Wait a bit your reverence, says I, wait a bit: would forty shillings get him out? Av coorse it wouldn't, says he. Maybe, says I coaxing, maybe, av you said that his son was a poor boy that lived by his indhustry, and the times was bad? Not the least use, says he Arrah but it's hard hearted they are, thinks I; well, see now, I'll give you the money--but I can't afford it all at on'st--but I'll pay five shillings a week \--will that do? I'll do my endayvours, says Father Roach; and I'll speak to them to treat him peaceably, in the mean time. Long life to yer Reverence and do. Well, here now, here's five hogs to begin with, and, musha, but I never thought I'd be spending my loose change that a way. Father Roach put the six tinpinnies in the pocket of his black leather breeches, said something in the Latin, bid me good morning, and rode off. Well, to make my story short, I work- ed late and early to pay the five shillings a week, and I did do it for three weeks regular; then I brought four and four- pence--then it came down to one and tenpence halfpenny--then ninepence-- and, at last, I had nothing at all to bring. Mickey Free, says the priest, ye must stir yourself--your father is mighty displeased at the way you've been doing of late; and av ye kept yer word, he'd be near out by this time. Troth, says I, it's a very expensive place. By coorse it is, says he, sure all the quality of the land's there. But, Mickey, my man, with a little exertion, your father's business is done. What are you jingling in your pocket there? It's ten shillings, your Reverence, I have to buy seed potatoes. Hand it here, my son. Isn't it better your father should enjoy himself in Para- dise, than ye were to have all the potatoes in Ireland. And how do you know, says I, he's so near out? How do I know--how do I know--is it?--didn't I see him. See him! tear-an-ages, was you down there again? I was, says he, I was down there for three-quarters of an hour yesterday evening, getting out Luke Kennedy's mother--decent people the Kennedys-- never spared expense. And ye seen my father? says I. I did, says he; he had an ould flannel waistcoat on, and a pipe sticking out of the pocket av it. That's him, said I; had he a hairy cap? I didn't mind the cap, says he, but av coorse he wouldn't have it on his head in that place. There's for you, says I, did he speak to you? He did, says Father Roach; he spoke very hard about the way he was treated down there, that they was always jibin' and jeerin' him about drink; and fightin', and the course he led up here, and that it was a queer thing, for the matter of ten shillings and counting it with one hand, we must do our best anyhow-- and ye think this 'ill get him out surely? I know it will, says he; for when Luke's mother was leaving the place, yer father saw the door open, and made a rush at it, and, be-gorra, before it was shut he got his head and one shoulder outside av it, so that ye see, a trifle more 'ill do it. Faix, and yer Reverence, says I, you've lightened my heart this morning, and I put my money back again in my pocket. Why, what do you mean? says he, growing very red, for he was angry. Just this, says I, that I've saved my money: for av it was my father you seen, and that he got his head and one shoulder outside the door, oh, then, by the powers, says I, the devil a gaol or gaoler from hell to Connaught, will hold him; so Father Roach I wish you the top of the morning, and I went away laughing; and from that day to this I never heard more of purgathory; and ye see, Misther Charles, I think I was right. Scarcely had Mike concluded when my door was burst suddenly open, and sir Harry Boyle, without assu- ming any of his usual precautions respecting silence and quiet, rushed into the room. A broad grin upon his honest features, and his eyes twinkled in a way that evidently showed me something had occurred to amuse him. By Jove, Charley, I musn't keep it from you, its too good a thing not to tell you; do you remember that very escensed young gentleman who accompanied Sir George Dashwood from Dublin, as a kind of election- eering friend? Do you mean Mr. Prettyman? The very man; he was, you are aware, an under secretary in some government department. Well, it seems, that he had come down among us poor savages, as much from motives of learned research and scientific inquiry as though we had been South Sea islanders; and report had gifted us humble Galwa- gians, with some very peculiar traits, and this gifted individual resolved to record them. Whether the elec- tion week might have sufficed his appetite for wonder I know not, but he was peaceably taking his de- parture from the West on Saturday, last when Phil Macnamara met him and pressed him to dine that day with a few friends at his house.-- You know Phil; so that when I tell you, Sam Burke, of Greenmount, and Roger Doolan were of the party, I need not say that the English trav- eller was not left to his own unas- sisted imagination for his facts; such anecdotes of our habits and customs as they crammed him with, it would appear never were heard before-- nothing was too hot or too heavy for the luckless cockney, who, when not sipping his claret, was faithfully re- cording in his tablet the mems. for a very brilliant and very original work on Ireland. Fine country--splendid country-- glorious people--gifted--brave--in- telligent--but not happy--alas! Mr. Macnamara, not happy. But we don't know you, gentlemen--we don't indeed, at the other side of the channel; our notions regarding you are far, very far from just. I hope and trust, said old Burke, you'll help them to a better under- standing ere long. Such, my dear sir, will be the proudest task of my life--the facts I have heard here this evening have made so profound an impression upon me, that I burn for the mo- ment when I can make them known to the world at large; to think--just to think, that a portion of this beau- tiful island should be steeped in poverty--that the people not only live upon the mere potatoes, but are absolutely obliged to wear the skins for raiment, as Mr. Doolan has just mentioned to me. Which accounts for our cultiva- tion of lumpers, added Mr. Doolan, they being the largest species of the root, and best adapted for wearing apparel. I should deem myself culpable, indeed I should, did I not inform my countrymen upon the real condi- tion of this great country. Why after your great opportuni- ties for judging, said Phil, you ought to speak out--you've seen us in a way, I may fairly affirm, few Eng- lishmen have, and heard more. That's it, that's the very thing, Mr. Macnamara, I've looked at you more closely, I've watched you more narrowly, I've witnessed what the French call you vie 'intime.' Begad you have said old Burke, with a grin, and profited by it to the utmost. I've been a spectator of your elec- tion contests--I've partaken of your hospitality--I've witnessed your popular and national sports--I've been, present at your weddings, your fairs, your wakes; but, no, I was forgetting, I never saw a wake. Never saw a wake, repeated each of the company in turn, as though the gentleman was uttering a senti- ment of very dubious veracity. Never, said Mr. Prettyman, rather abashed at this proof of his incapa- city to instruct his English friends upon all matters of Irish interest. Well then, said Macnamara, with a blessing, we'll show you one Lord forbid that we shouldn't do the honors of our poor country to an intelligent foreigner when he's good enough to come amongst us. Peter, said he, turning to the ser- vant behind him, who's dead here- abouts? Sorra one, yer honor. Since the scrimmage at Portumna the place is peaceable. Who died lately in the neighbour- hood? The Widow Macbride yer honour. Could'nt they take her up again, Peter?--my friend here never saw a wake. I'm afeared not, for it was the boys roasted her, and she wouldn't be a decent corpse for to show a stranger, said Peter, in a whisper. Mr. Prettyman shuddered at these peaceful indications of the neigh- bourhood, and said nothing. Well, then, Peter, tell Jemmy Divine to take the old musket in my bed-room, and go over to the Clu- nagh bog, he can't go wrong, there's twelve families there that never pay a halfpenny rent, and when it's done, let him give notice to the neighbour- hood, and we'll have a rousing wake. You don't mean, Mr. Macnamara, you don't mean to say------, stam- mered out the cockney, with a face like a ghost. I only mean to say, said Phil, laughing, that you're keeping the decanter very long at your right hand. Burke contrived to interpose be- fore the Englishman could ask any explanation of what he had just heard--and for some minutes he could only wait in impatient anxiety \--when a loud report of a gun close beside the house attracted the atten- tion of the guests--the next moment old Peter entered, his face radiant with smiles. Well, what's that? said Macna- mara, 'Twas Jemmy, yer honor, as the evening was rainy he said he'd take one of the neighbours, and he hadn't to go far, for Andy Moore was going home, and he brought him down at once. Did he shoot him? said Mr. Pret- tyman while cold perspiration broke over his forehead, Did he murder the man? Sorra murder, said Peter disdain- fully; but why wouldn't he shoot him when the master bid him? I needn't tell you more Charley; but in ten minutes after, feigning some excuse to leave the room, the terrified Cockney took flight, and offering twenty guineas for a horse, to convey him to Athlone, he left Galway, fully convinced that they don't yet know us on the other side of the channel. 