MI1USICAL EXTnACTS. -o (From Nathma's Musurrgia.) Milton, who loved music, and was himself an able performer, earnestly recommends to his young disciples the composing of their spirits by the aid of music, and introduces the polite and gentler part of his fallen spirits as having recourse to it in their anguish and distress. And, in his Tractate on education, the poet remarks. "If wise seen and prophets are not out, music has a great power over the disposition and manners, to sooth and make them gentle from rustic harshness and distempered passions." Montesquicu, in his " Spirit of Laws," justly observes that music is tile only one of all the arts that does not corrupt the mind. Mr. Bruce, in his excellent letter to Dr. Burney, also judiciously remarks, that " it should be a principal object of mankind to attach the fair sex by every means to music, as it is tile only amusement that may be enjoyed to excess, and tile heart still remain virtuous and uncorrupted." Quintilian, speaking of music, says, "Nature seems to have given us this gift for mitigating the pains of life. as the common practice of all labour ing men testifies."-Lib i. chap. 2. Socrates, in tihe decline of his age, applied himself to the lyre, and recommended it to others. Aristotle, in his problems, tells us that, before the use of letters, the laws were sung musically, for the better retaining them in memory. " Music," says Luther (the Reformer), " is one of the most beautiful and most glorious gifts of God, to which Satan is a bitter enemy. By music many tribulations and evil thoughts are driven away. It is one of the best arts-the notes give life to the text: it expelleth melancholy, as we see in King Saul. Music is the best solace for a sad and sor rowful mind; by means of music the heart is comforted, and settles again to peace. It is said by Virgil, ' Tu calamos inflare leves, ego dicere versus' (Sing thou the notes, and I will sing the words). Mluse is one half of discipline, and a schoolmistress that makes nmen more gentle and meek, more modest and intelligent. Music is a gift of God, and nearly allied to theology. I would not for a great deal be destitute of the small skill in thusic I have." " L am glad," adds lihe, "tthat God has bereaved the country clowns of such a great gift of comfort, as they neither hear nor regard music." We must not dwell on the moral or religious principle of this last observation ; however Secken dorf thus describes Luther : " He had an uncommon genius, a lively imagination, a good share of learn ing, a tincture of melancholy and enthusiasm, and a great warmth of impetuosity, which impelled him to insult and ridicule his adversaries. He was fond of music, and both composed and performed, which he said were equally good for soul and body, that it expelled melancholy, and put the devil to flight, who mortally hated music. He entertained a mean opinion of the capacity and disposition of those who had no taste for this excellent art. St. Chrysostom, in his commentary on the 40th psalm, says that " God, knowing men to be slothful and backward in spiritual things, and impatient of the labour and pains which they require, willing to make the task more agreeable, and prevent our weariness, has joined melody or music with his worship, that we might with readiness and cheer. fulness of mind express his praise in sacred hymns. " For," says he, " nothing can raise the mind, and as it were give wings to it, free it from earthliness, and the confinement 'tis under by union with the body, inspire it with the love of wisdom, and make everything pertaining to this life agreeable, as well as modulated verse, and divine songs Iharmoniously composed. Our natures are so delighted with music, that even infants at the breast are soothed and lulled to rest by the means." And again he says, " Be cause this pleasure is so familiar and connate wittl our minds, that wee might have both profit and pleasure God appointed psalms, that the devil might not ruin us with profaue and wicked songs." Bishop Horne, page 11, says, "'There is no doubt but that the heart may be weaned from everything base and mean, and elevated to everything that is excellent and praiseworthy, by sacred music." DEVELOPMENT OF CHRISTIANITY. To have imagined Christianity devoid of a power to create and foster institutions adapted to the varying circumstances of ages would have been to place it in a lower sphere of energy, and of adaptation to man's wants, than its imperfect precursor. On the con trary, it was to be expected that within its bosom would lie the congregated seeds of many admirabsl institutions and active principles, which required various periods of fostering care, till the moment arrived of a proper warmth, or even of a more chil ling season, requisite for making each vegetate, grow up, and bear fruit, according to its kind. For as, regarding the instances I proposed from the old law, there is no doubt but the germs or principles of those and any other developments which in it took place existed already in the' system; as the fundamental doctrine of all repentance, that sin is an enormous evil, was clearly demonstrated in the very punish. ments which earlier penitents deprecated or suffered ; as the promise of a Redeemer was the corner stone of all the Jewish polity; yet these principles seemed to lie neglected till gradually brought forth by cir cumstances into a clearer light, and made leading ideas of the first importance; so, in the new law, we might be led to expect a similar course, and not be surprised if we have to trace practices or feelings, become at particular times the leading characteristics of religious thought, to doctrines or principles which originally lurked as one seed in tile furrow among others of greater magnitude. And many causes of error will be effectually cut off by the right under. standing of this principle. For nothing is more common, yet nothing is more mistaken, than to confound the greater manifestation of things with their first origin, and to date belief or practice from the period whlen circumstances give to either a dqp cided prominence in public view, or a new estimatiot' in men's hearts. Of such misapprehension abundausf' instances will be found, if necessary. If, from tihe very day of thire Holy Ghost's descentt, thie cliurch, like a grain of mustard.seed, commenced its systemn of outward. growth, so did its increase no less begin in the order of interior development. Everything was gradual. At first thie Jewish worshlip was at tended, and many of its ceremonial rites observed with..scrupulous precision. The interior resources of. thie cjhristian system, for a majestic and moat toble worship, were not at once called upon; , ut this was left gradually to unfold itself by timne and experience. The hierarchy was not planted by our Saviour, nor by thie apostles thlemselves in a sys. tematic form; but the episcopal body, if I may so speak, evolved from itself in due season the priestly order;,and, when the expediency of circumstances called for it, tile third degree, till thlen reserved, tis constituted in the nomination of tie deacons. 'Thlie very doctrines of OChristianity were communicated with a similar proportion; Ilthere was a milk of da'. trine, to use the figure of Scripture, and a mporir solid food, toat formed a gradation of spiritual noitrislh ment, suited to the powers of drf'erent copvorla. T'ime soon gnve perfection to tile hIoappy beginning rtade.-- ir. ll'rerrarr. 