POETRY. THE ARAB BOY. I was a bright and balmy eve that hallowed sunset's hour. Girdling the ruined portico, and many a Tbelmn tower The parting ray still lingered as it suited its last adieu To the grove of six games, nr d Esneh's waters blue from many a glittering mosque the vesper bell was sound- ing free, Responsive to the man's call from distant Hngaze. Twos such an eye as well might please the ghosts of other times, To visit, with a mournful joy, the wreck of native chimes. And Egypt if thine ancient song, amid thy fallen shrines, Deoypliered those they mystic words, where copse or brier entwines, Thy clouds would be Cocytus-birques-sure chartered by their woes, Which, freighted with their sighs, would grieve to every gale that blows. Egypt ! where glory, once enthroned, looked proudly o'er the world,' "Where art has reigned, where conquest of her ensigns wide unfurled ; "Where learning shed her myriad charms, and whence, to many an isle, Were borne in many a venturous skiff, the bounties of the Nile. Ah ! fated land of Mizraim, where are thy honours now 1 Thy sacred this haunts no more the consecrated bough The music of Memuoniutn's pile is ceased and hushed for ever; Thy stars gleamed, and golden crowns have long since passed away ; Thy pyramids are still the tell-tale monuments of fame, But all their wondrous architects have died without a name. Thy Thebes is still a city- yes, a shadow of the past, And minarets arise where colonnades are crumbling fast. Why plaintive flow thy waters, Nile Where is the crowded mart ? And why refuse the choral bands now to perform their 'part'". An eve of light An eve of peace I-But merriment has fled, Thebes is, with all her palaces, " The City of the Dead.' -The spirit of the pestilence,, with dire need scorching J. winEs In every hut and rich saloon, is proudly triumphing. "Where'er he comes he belches forth his fetid, Bultry breath, ""While youth and age display alike the blazonry of death. The mother tees the plague spot, and her infant boy expire The maid beholds the agonies that rack her hoary sire. The broad bazaar is voiceless in the silence of the grave. And commerce spreads no snowy sail on Nile's descend- ing wave. Twilight has veiled the landscape, and the scene is deadly still Ko bird sings from the citron grove, no shepherd from the hill. But bark a gentle footfall, and a sounding as of steel, Soft tinkling in the city's shade What does the eye reveal 1 -An Arab boy comes boldly forth, a long and mournful thing. Ko kindred lives to guide his steps, or chide his wandering Ewics five Egyptian summers have not seen his raven curls ; An amulet is round his neck, adorned with goodly pearls He wore his father's, scimitar, and proudly on he sped, And haughtily he left behind that " City of the dead," He would not fill a nameless grave, nor meet the hyenas eye, That nightly prowled the desert streets, to prey on those who die. He felt the plague spot in his breast, the fever in his brain But that noble boy still wandered on, nor did be once complain. -~ Far by the river's sandy bank he wandered mute and lone, He gained his father's cemetry, and called the place his own : A gilt and sculptured vestibule invited-where he stood To hear the Nile's blue waters sing their hymn of solitude He gazed upon the moonlit scene, with long and wistful gaze, And he seemed to think with sorrow, on the joys of the days. r A sacred strain, with reverent meet, in solemn deb i e sung, And the hallowed name of Allah trembled sweetly on his tongue : Then looking to the stream, the hill, the mosque, the sky , of blue. He vanished in the vestibule, and sighed a low adieu. The moonbeam shed its chastest glance upon the marbled floor - And showed within that silent vault the lettered sycamore The grave- his own and Allan's name deep with his fathers sword, And forthwith, to its scabbard, the respected blade restored. Then, by the chaste and holy light, he anxious looked around, And in a snow-white niche the wished-for resting-place he found. He placed him on the purple couch, by pillars raised on high, sAnd there Kbaloom, the Arab boy, has laid him down to die His right hand grasped the Koran, and his left his father's s word, While from his lips, in fervent strains heartfelt prayer was poured. The moonbeam rose to light his cheek, and through the acacias dim, The wavelets of his native stream prolonged his funeral hymn. ''He listened to the murmurings of the meek and gentle surge, And well he knew that ominous sound the accents of his dirge. But ere the midnight's solemn voice was heard in sullen chime, The spirit of that dying boy had passed the bounds of time. And still the '1 boban youth is glad to check his mirthful joys To hear the tale of Boo KLakoai, the noble Arab boy. Indian M'liuiiNiir, A 13. Muirhouse, Edinburgh, May, 1841. 