EXTRACTS. THE SLAVE SHIP- We were on board a slave ship, bound to to the Coa3t of Africa. We had passed the straits of Gibraltar, and were lying off Barbarv one clear bright evening, when it came my turn to take the helm. The ship was becalmed, and everything around was as silent as the day after the deluge ; the wide monotony of water varied only .by the glancings of the moon on the crest of the waves, made me think tlie old fables of Neptune were true, and that AmphitVite and her Naaids were sporting on the surface of the ocean with diamonds in their hair. Those fancies were followed by thoughts of wife, children, and " My own Sweet Home," and all were oddily enough jumbled together in a delicious state of approaching slumber. Suddenly I heard, high above my head, a loud, deep, deep and terrible voice call out "Stand from under!'' I started to my feet — it was the customary signal when anything was to be thrown fron. the shrouds--and mechanically Isung out to it the usual answer, " Let go!'' But nothing came ; I looked up to the shrouds — there was nothing there. I searched the deck, and found that 1 was alone ! I tried to think that it was a dream, but that sound so deep, so stern, so dreadful, rung in my ears like the bursting of a cannon. My thoughts were so totally occupied with this strange occurrence, that 1 laid down on the deck, but could not close my eyes on that night. In the morning I told the crew what I had heard. They laughed at ine, and were all day long full of their jokes about " Dreaming Tom.'' One fellow among them was most unmerciful in his raillery. He was a tall, swarthy, malignant-looking Spaniard, who carried murder in his eye, and curses on his tongue, a daring and lordly man, and was dreaded by the whole crew, who boasted of crime as if it gave him pre-eminence among his fellows. He laughed longest and loudest at my story. " A most uncivil ghost, Tom," said he ; " when such chaps come to see me, 1 will make them show themselves. I'll not be satisfied without seeing and feeling as well as hearing." The sailors all joined with him; and I, ashamed of my alarm, was glad to be silent. The next night Dick Burton took the helm. Dick had nerves like an ox, and sinews like a whale ; it was little he feared on the earth or be neath it. The clock slruck one. Dick was leaning on the helm, -as he said, thinking nothing of me or my story, when that awful voice again called from the shrouds — " Stand from under.'' Dick darted forth like an Indian arrow, which they say goes through and through a buffalo, and wings on its way as if it bad not left death iu the rear. It was 3 moment before he had presence of mind to call out " Let go !" Again nothing was seen nor heard, and all around resumed its awful silence. Two nights in succession, at one o'clock, the same unearthly sound run through the air, and made the hearts of our stoutest sailors <uail. At last the crew grew pale when it was spoken of, and the worst of us never went to sleep without saying our prayers. As to myself, I would have been chained to the oar all my life to have got out of the vessel. But there we were in the vast solitude of the ocean, and this invisible being was with us. No one put a bold face or seemed to care less about the matter than Antonio, the Spaniard. He laughed at , our fears, and defied Satan himself to terrify bim. However, when it came his turn at' the helm he refused to go. Several times under the pretence of illness, lie was ex cused from a duty which all on board dreaded ; but, at last, the captain ordered Antonio to receive a dozen round lashes every night until he should consent to per form his share of the unwelcome office. For awhile this was born patiently ; but at length he called out, ' I may as well die one way as another— give me over to the ghost.'' That night Antonio kept watch on deck. Few of the crew slept — for expectation of alarm bad stretched our nerves upon the rack. At one o'clock the voice called "t'Stand from under." "Let go," screamed 4he Spaniard, with.a voice that was truly terrible. This was answered by a shriek of laughter — and such laughter mortal man never heard ; it seemed as if the fiends sung to each other from pole to pole, and the bass was howled in hell ! Then came a sudden crash upon the deck, as if our masts and spars had fallen. We all rushed to the spot, and there was a cold, stiff, gigantic corpse. The Spaniard said it was thrown from the shrouds, and when he looked at it, he ground his teeth like a madman ; " I know him," exclaimed he ; " I stabbed him within an hour's sail ol ( Cuba, and drank his blood for break fast.'' We all stood aghast at the monster. In fearful whispers we asked what should be done with the body. — Finally, we agreed that the dreadful sight must be thrown into the sea. Four of us attempted to raise it, but human strength was of no avail ; we might as well have tugged at Atlas. There it lay stiff', rigid and cold, aud immoveable as if it formed part of the vessel. The Spaniard " was furious. " Let me lift him,' said he, " I lifted him once, and can do it again; I'll teach him what it is to come and trouble me." He took the body round the waist and attempted to move it. Slowly and heavily the corpse raised itself up — its rayless eyes opened — ils rigid arms stretched out, and clasped its victim in a close death-grapel — and rolling over to the side of the ship, they tottered in an instant over the waters ; then, with a loud plunge, sunk together. K att y war. — We learn that the Chiefs of Wadwan and Teyla, in Katty war, have lately had a quarrel about a village boun dary, and instead of referring it, as they are bound to do by their engagements, to the Political agent, they have taken up arms against one another, and fought something like a regular battle, in which twenty-six men and sixteen horses have been killed and wounded. Tliey richly deserve the severest punishment for mak- ing such a Avamausb. — Bombay United Service Gazelle, August 20. Removing a Lighthouse.— From the improvements now making in Sunderland Harbour, it has been found requisite to appoint another site for the lighthouse, but in order to avoid the trouble, delay, and expense of taking it down and rebuild ing it, it has been decided to remove it as it stands, which transit is now being attempted. The stone work has been cut out at the base, and a railway and carriage erected, on which the lighthouse now stands ; it was moved by a screw power a distance of twenty-one feet to the north, on Monday, in which situation it will reinuia for some time, till the railway is reversed, when it will be removed to its new site at the east end of the north pier. — Newcastle Chronicle . 