GHOSTS AT CAMPBELLTOWN. Mr. Editor-Having observed a letter in your paper of Saturday last, concerning my house, in Campbelltown, being disturbed at nights by unusual noises, &c.;, I beg leave, through the medium of your columns, to reply to the same, as such a report may tend to injure me in my business, and also those who are now living in the same house. Your correspondent confidently heads his letter with the astounding title of ," More Ghosts in Camp- belltown," and commences by stating that unusual noises have been heard at unseasonable hours on the premises. I certainly will allow that I have heard these noises, which, at first, might appear to proceed from something supernatural, and which remain at present inexplicable ; but any person of the least discernment will attribute such noises either as proceeding from some parties attempting to frighten us, or as proceeding from the innumer- able colonies of rats, cats, and mice, with which this house, in common with other old houses, is very much infested. I have myself risen when I heard these noises, and on one occasion I detected a large cat on the counter, wistfully surveying a a tempting piece of meat which hung on the hooks, and who, no doubt, being angry at her inability to reach it, took the liberty of making a supernatural noise as a mark of anger, and which noise has so dreadfully frightened your correspondent, who is, I suspect, no other than an ex schoolmaster, who is noted for his extreme sensibility in matters of this sort. In the next place, it is a palpable falsehood that I have been compelled to leave my house of an evening, and seek refuge in the adjoining house. It is also a gross falsehood that "Mr. Baker," the late tenant, was compelled to quit the house on account of these noises being heard. Neither has he at any time even mentioned to me or to any other person one single word respecting these noises. Mr. Baker quitted my house on account of family concerns, and also because he obtained a better employment in Sydney, where he now lives, with Mr. John Neale, the carcass butcher, and to whom I refer you in corroboration of my statement. A person of the name of Grobety has lived in the same house for two years, and he has never heard these noises until the last week; as also a respectable lady, Mrs. Kenny, who is a tenant of mine, and during the long time she has lived here has never been disturbed until these few days ; when suddenly reports were circulated that a ghost was heard, but not seen, and the good people of our town have been terrified out of their wits by the "great unknown." No! Mr. Editor, this sensible ghost is only heard, and has too much discretion to appear visibly-and certainly this poor spirit is very much induced, and much obloquy has been thrown upon him by the unseemly conduct of the cats and mice. The celebrated Voltaire, when questioned con cerning the existence of ghosts, replied " II faut les voir, aupatavant lea croire;" and as nothing has been seen except a large black cat, I have no doubt but that this awful spirit, being hungry and disap- pointed, has kicked up this rumpus as a token of his anger. We have heard the scales and weights also at the same time, and the apparent sound of a breaking of crockery; but, upon examination, nothing has been yet discovered to elucidate the point. Whoever is your correspondent, whether gentle or simple, I think that he has taken a great liberty in writing to you concerning such reports; and I am sorry that you should have inserted such a thing in your paper from a person who has been ashamed to place his name to the letter; and I have no hesita- tion in saying that, whoever he is, he has shown himself a person of weak intellect, and a great want of something better to do than writing letters on such a foolish subject. Your correspondent, whom I suspect to be an idle fellow, might, the next time he writes concerning any one, adhere a little more to the truth. At the same time I imagine that his story will gain but little credit amongst the better educated sort of persons, such tales being only suit- able to the simple and weak minded. I am sorry to write so warmly on the subject, but I think that the "gentlemen of the School of Arts" would betray a great want of intellect if they were to have a debate on the existence of the' ghost of a black cat' 'at Campbelltown..-Trustling you will oblige me by an insertion. I remain your obedient servant, JAMES SHEIL Campbelltown, November 29, 1841. m .m. m .m .. , 