COLONIAL COMMERCE. We have been in the habit for some time, of giving reports of the arrival and departures of the coasters, but from the great facilities pro- perly given to steamers by the Customs' autho- rities there are not the same means of procuring authentic intelligence respecting them that there are with regard to sailing ve-sels. By the kind- ness, however, of the different owners and agents of steamers in Sydney, we are now enabled to give an abstract of the trips made from Sydney by the steamers, to the various ports on the coasts, in the month of May, which we intend to continue monthly To Hunter's River and its ranches Rose four trips, Thistle six trips, Sovereign eight trips, James Watt six trips Victor nine trips, Sophia Jane two trips, Tamar six trips Total number of trips to the Hunter made during the month by steam vessels--forty one. This will give some idea of the immense amount of trafhc to the Hunter's River districts, winch are daily increasing in importance. To Port Macqarie -Sophia Jane, one trip To Wollongong -William the Fourth, four trips To Brisbane Water -William the Fourth, four trips. B^NK OF ASIA-It is said, that the Branch Bank of Asia in New South Yvales, will not issue notes, but merely operate ni the Exchange of this portion of the globe. The Sydney Banking Company is the Bank for paying de- posits into. If is rumoured that Messes Baring Brothers and Co , are about to found an Estab- lishment in Sydney. THE BUILDING ACT -We are glad to per- ceive that the mind of the public which was at one tims so much prejudiced against the Build- ing Act, has gradually come round so as to look at that useful measure in its true light and in- stead of part cs attempting to shew that parti- cular clauses might be so construed as to act op- pressively, all now admit that its general pro- visions are beneficial and ought to be upheld. Even the Australian vvhich at one time opposed it so vehemently has chanced ils key and speaks approvingly of it. At the present time there are one hundred and fifteen houses in progress of erection, within the limits of the Building Act and twentv four to which additions are being made. Looking upon Balmain as part of Sydney, and considering the number of houses that are being built to the southward of Campbell-street we are confident that there aie upwards of two hundred buildings in the course of erection in Sydney. SMUGGLING -Yesterday a seizure of six hogsheads rf brandy was made by the Customs, as it was heir g landed at Rushcutter's Bay The case will come before the Water Police Court tins morning. SCOTTISH SOCIETY -A Society has recently been formed in Sydney under tihe title winch has two objects, the first one heing similar to those of a regular benefit society,and the other "to cherish among Scotchmen in this their adopted country that honorable national pride and reciproscity of feeling for which the true Scot has ever stood distinguished." The rules for the first named object appear to be calculated to work well, but we must leave those intended to effect the second object to speak for themselves. It is proposed to give silver medals to the per- sons who shall appear at the General Meeting in the best Highland costume, to the best player on the Highland bagpipe and to the best dancer to that instrument. These are all very harmless objects of emulation and as the members of the Society have very wiselv resolvetl to hold none of their meetings at a tavern, we have no doubt they will enjov many pleasant evenings together. Upon looking through the rules we were pleased to observe several stringent ones respecting the exclusion of drunkards. CHURCH OF ENGLAND -On Sunday, the solemn ceremony ol ordaining minsters was performed in St James' Church. The morning service was read by the Rev R. Allwood B. A., the minister of the Church after which a ser- mon was preached by the Bishop of Australia, from the text "Go ye into all lands and preach the Gospel, baptising in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After the usual service a hymn was sung during which, the Bishop and Clergy proceeded to the altai, where the candidates presented themselves. The Rev George Vidal, B. A. late of Trinity College, Cambridge, minister of Sutton Forest and the Rev. John EIder minister of the Gaol, and Evening Preacher at St Phillip's Church, were ordained priests and Mr. Charles Campbell Kemp, late of Queen's College, Cambridge, was ordained a deacon. His Lordship was assisted in the imposition of hands by the Rev. W, Cowper, the Rev. W. B. Clark, M. A., and the Rev. R. Allwood, B. A. Mr Kemp will suc- ceed Mr. Keane at Pitt Town. Nearly the whole of the congregation, which was a very crowded one, waited to witness the interesting ceremony. THE WRONG SHOP -On Sunday morning, a little before one o'clock, n man named W t'tor Butler, v bile in a tate of intoxication n ade Ins way into the watch house, opposite the Berc volent Asylun requesting the inmates to favor lum with anothei ball Inspectai Ryan ob Ktr in"-tint he ras more ni want of a sedative thnn nny additional stimulant, locked hi n up as an attendant for Captain Innes' morning levee where B ulri appeared yestcrdaj, v ben having paul the usual subsciiptiou in aid of the \ oor 1 e wis discba-ged Pol'ClBusinfss -Yesterdny, there worconc hundred and ten charges on the list., at the Po lice Office vv nell were as follow -rice and Fiecd Coull-Druid ard". si\tj two charges, diunk with oth-r charges fourteen, remauung charges six, total charges in the above Co irt eiçhty-lwo. Conn / Couti-Drunkards eleven chargis drunk with other thaiges three, rcmain lii"- elipr-rps fourteen total charges befoie the Convict Court twenty ii lit, total chames before both Collits one litiuilrtd and ten Dri ukprds between the two Courts seven'j Unce charges dru ik with anothc- chaînes subjoined seventeen cases, t tal charges in wl uh drunkenness was concerned ninety, being mue elevenths of the Thole charges before these Courts ' ' ' SunriFN DgAth ...Abóltl eight o'clock 6» Sihmlav " arning, a ticket of leave 1 oble named Doyle, ," ,hc employ of Mr ¿X ' dropped down in the ¡mil house, and almost ,n «tanti, expired Au ."quest was hell on ^ body during the simm da , in the ' Ñ,i- \\\ "i. Scott» public ho«*, winn SmgToii WarfÄ havintertilled that death had beccautd v rni NivvGaoi -^ctcrday morning about 0 dCr,°li °,ck' lVllolc of the Pn«»«» ««the Old Gaol, lo.vcr George street, we e removed to the Ne« Gaol, Wooloomooloo ThT Gaari consisted of Captain Innes, Principa Superin tendent of Police, Assistant si, ,er,nt"nSt lit*patrick, Inspector Molloy, R,0n Price 2 Nugent, vvith eight t,er,cant,and «ft, conshtf 1 be fist m rank «? the pnsoicrs wa, Curran, benies whom, tbcie were one humbert awl twelve m ,1c, and forty five female pr. on " I ho piocrssion ai rived at its destination at 8 v m and each individual was immediately todad in their proper cells fa IviMiGii VTiov -Accordingtoareturnpreparcd bj Mr Pinnock, it appears that the total number of linnimrants that arrived in the colony in the jenr 1810 (including Port Phillip) was eight thousand five hundred and thirty seven, and the cost to the Colony C110,929 11s 5cl Ihf- Modfi oi Sminex -Within these fen days a iiumbei of men have been busy preparing a wooden building in Hyde Park, between the Court House and Market street, foi the purpose of eniblmg Mr Lowe to exhibit the model of Sydney which is abeady pretty fur advanced tow aids completion It is the proprietors intcn. lion, as soon as the design is finished, to take the san e to England foi exhibition where there is little doubt it will be viewed wit'icorsulerobli interest, and will also be the means of rcmlenn» the Colony essential service, by removing the erroneous itnprcs'tons, which are still prevalent there, ns to whet sort of a place Sydney icallv is We undci stand thal a new infoimatton is being filed against Captain llenes, for the detention of the mails for» arded to this Colony from China b; the Oin eil va Apnllast Moun rru Poi ici Puoxiotions - Within the last few days Major Nunn, Command mt of t' e Mounted Police, has promoted Corporal Morn son, to be sergesnt in that corps, vice Evans, who returns to his regiment to be invalided It is generally understood that Morrison has obtained | lins promotio i for his activity in capturan; Gipspy Clarke and Dogcrty, who lately robbed the Yass i iail Lance Corporal M'Lvoy Ins also been made corporal in the same corps m consideration of his having been severely wounded in the breast by the bushrangers, and having subsequently caj lured Curian, anti sue cceded n short time since in taking three armed btishi angers m the district of Bathurst Such a mode of rewarding diligence and activity in the Morn tcdPo'ica coi ps must be at once gratifying to those who receive them, and a powerful in. stntment to the otheis lo e.crt themselves Jim is low -We have been lcqupslctl iû call the attention of the j ublic to Mr Stunhs' sale of allotments, in tin beautiful township, which will take place this day at twelve o'clock Wc believe it is now certain that a steamer will run lcgulnrlv to Jervis B-w, after His 22nd of the present month 