HOBART TOWN: MARCH 9, 1841. Let it be impressed upon your minds let it be instilled into your children that the Liberty of the Press is the Palladium of all your Civil, Political, and Religious Rights. _ JUNIUS. THE whole Colony is in a state of the great eat excitement, occasioned by the second attempt to elect Commissioners under the Road Act. The tenantry, those who are made liable to taxation, without having even a vote for Commissioners, have at last taken the alarm, and they would have done so before, had they been aware of the situation in which they are placed. In our advertising columns will be seen the notification of a meeting, at Mezger's Hotel, on Wednesday next, at four o'clock, for the purpose of considering a protest, which will then be offered for signature, against the obnoxious impost, which is now nothing better than a torch of discord between the local government and the community. We have inserted below a letter from one who signs himself " An Oppositionist," in which allusion is made to the Wednesday Meeting, as well as to the one held on Friday last, by the " Mob Conspirators," at the Derwent Hotel. The objectionable clauses of the act have been so repeatedly pointed out, so fully commented upon as to require no further notice in detail from us. As to Mr. Hone taking the chair, on Saturday, as the ghost of the government, to frighten every man out of his rights, and inclination to defend them ; or to uselessly, and absurdly (although perhaps legally) explain, what ought to require no explanation, we do not believe it possible. It is a foul reproach cast out for the purpose, and for other purposes not yet seen. No, the government must have Mr. Abbott. Having allowed the Police Magistrates to be only second best in the affair, there rear-rank men, they must fall in, accordingly. It was a sad mistake, this, to the prejudice of a penal discipline government, and how it ever happened we are totally at a loss to imagine. Mr. Abbott's presence on Saturday next, will ensure him the chair, and as on the last occasion he evinced no inclination to make himself a tool of the government, we will give him every credit for the good intentions of his conduct as chairman, on Saturday next., The following is the letter of our correspondent. Again refering to the libel on Mr Hone, we can only say, that his illness is another reason why it is not likely he will take the chair, in fact, his being so placed, under every consideration is impossible : To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIR-The election of Commissioners of Roads, being the all prevailing topic of the day, I wish to inform you, that on Friday last, a meeting of about forty of those who are opposed to the Act, was held at the Derwent Hotel, (Sarginson's) in Murray street. The first hour was occupied in conversation and suggestions, as to the course which had better be adopted in order to ensure the defeat of the obnoxious measure, which is to be made to run a muck between the government and the people. Every person present appeared to engage in the cause of no taxation with considerable fervor and energy, and the greatest unanimity was evinced, as also a determination to sink all minor feelings and interests, in their desire to prevent the election of Commissioners. A most extraordinary declaration was made by more than one person, in fact it appeared generally understood, that Mr. Hone, the Master of the Supreme Court, the Commissioner of the Court of Requests, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions, had been applied to on the behalf of the Government to take the chair on Saturday next, in order, as it was said, that it might have a control, through him. over the proceedings. An individual present, wishing to relieve the public character of Mr. Hone from the reproach of thus allowing himself to be made a tool of took upon himself to assure those then assembled, that as Mr. Hone never had presided at meetings of the kind, that is, at public meetings unconnected with his profession, or interfered with such questions,' by travelling out of the quiet path of hls'duty/it was not probable he would do so In this instance, that it was unfair to suppose he had been requested to do so, because, as the application could arise from no other motive than to displace the former Chalrjhani' Mr. Abbott, and so to make a convenience of hird, Mr. Hone-tho latter he was sure would not feel very ? much complimented by the request i . -, The meeting however appeared to remain of the opinion that Mr. Hone had been applied to, and that he would take the chair. by Now, sir, should he do so, will you not agree with me, that it is a Government measure which it has determined shall be carried, and that, there are no means, however unworthy, but will be resorted to, in order to effect the objects. Mr. Hone's appearance in the chair will, I hope, be a sufficient dose to nauseate" even those who have felt an inclination to swallow the whole measure of evil prepared for the occasion. Mr. Editor, I have prepared a representation of this affair, I do not call it a caricature, but a picture, which shall, if possible, be exhibited on Saturday. I will describe it to you i A Vandemonian has been seated on the quarter- deck of a ship, apparently for the purpose of of having a violent operation performed upon him. His head is held by the Colonial Secretary, on his right stands the Chief Magistrate of Police, on his left the Comptroller of Customs. The Attorney-General is opening the mouth of the victim by picking his teeth with the Road Act, whilst sundry members of the Council and others (likenesses) are holding his legs and hands. During the poor wretch's cries for help, it may be seen, that it is expected the Police will be able to pour the clauses down his throat out of a vial, marked " aperient medicine, to be taken right of, and no mistake." His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, may be seen on the poop walking about in great excitement, and anxiety, and occasionally taking a quid of tobacco out of a " Forget me Not. In the foreground may be seen the crew in a state of mutiny, whilst the Police corps (who are doing the duty of marines, who have long since left the ship,) ore knocking down and handcuffing the people. There is a figure very much like one of the judges, wearing a hat, labelled man-of-war fashion in the front, " Matchless," standing leaning over one of the guns. He appears exceedingly amused, with all that is going on, although there is on appearance of sympathy for the patient, as well as for those forward, who are subject to the consequences of serving on board a ship, over which the captain apparently has lost all command. There are several other, as I think, good points about the picture, but I must not intrude further upon your space by the description. You will of course be at the election on Saturday, when you can better judge of the truth of its representation. To return to the preliminary meeting on Friday last. It was at length agreed, that a Committee should be appointed to prepare protests, and to take such steps as might be necessary for ensuring the object in view. Another meeting of the tenants, who have no right to vote, but who, if Commissioners are chosen, may be made to pay the tax, will be held I hear on Wednesday, at Mezger's Hotel ; but of this, you will also no doubt be made acquainted. I shall attend, and will, if you wish, send you particulars remaing in the meantime one who, having no wish to have his rights compromised by quietly submitting to a Road Act, signs himself AN OPPOSITIONIST. 