theatricals. " '"<le nonsense, now and then." : w'i" dovice matter enough out of iiiih shallow to keep Prince Harry in continual laughter tlio wearing out of six fashions, I,,,1 19 four terms or two actions.) and lie Ji """'"go wiuiout intervulluiiis. <J itismucli tnat n he with a slight oath and a jest with a . .t , w; will do with n fellow that never had the eohe in his .houiders I O, you shall see i him Inugh till his face bo like a wet oloak ill hud up,"— Secoud Port uf Kwo Hsnh IV. .His Honor the Superintendent having kindly granted permission to Mr. llodge, die spirited piopriotor of the Victoria Theatre, to open the building es often as he likes, till he is enabled by a modification in tbo law to procure n fegulnr hcenso ; a vuriety of entertainments were per formed on Monday night last, to u house " full to overflowing." Holding Will Slmkspcnrc's dictum, that the end of nil playing should be " to hold, as 'twere, tlio mirror up to nature ; to show virtue bur own feature, scorn her own image, nnd the very age nnd body of the time, bis form and pressure," we deem no apology necessary for occupying, once in u wny, so large a portion of our space with an account of the evening's performances. The manager, he lie whom lie may, is decidedly a clever fellow, for, out of a company limited to four, lie lind manufactured, as per " bills of tho day," a gentleman, a company, a lady, an ainatenr, two females, a prodigy — another gentleman, and another amateur. \\\ itli such a corps how could the first pnrt go off otherwise than well 1 After the first part came the ballet, a descrip tion of entertainment which allows the " clo- quenco of motion" to supersede that of words. As the programme is silent on the name of the ballet, or the east of the characters — and as we confess our inability to draw the requisite lines of demarcation between ladies, females, gentlemen, nmnteurs and prodigies — we nre content to let it be " a deed without n name," and in detailing the plot to adopt our own nomenclature. Now — Up goes the euro i i — on rushes nn individual in ribbed worsted stockings nnd a red enp, then comes an old man in n frizzled wig, then on rushes " the lI'!<!y",of 'fie evening, who plays the pnrtof old L'rizzlo W ig'.s daughter. Old Frizzle Wig joins Ins daughter s and Red Cup's bands together ; this his daughter (who appeared to be oh fait at straight hitting) resents hy a smnrt blow on Red Cap's cheek. Exeunt omncs. Then on comes the Judy, and a man dressed in blue jacket and trousers, nnd a cabbage tree lint. Cabbage tree seems a tavorite with the lady, and accordingly be kisses her and she kisses him. Red Cap breaks in upon this exchange of innocent endearments, but Cabbage '1 ree " serves him right" by giving him a "one, two, three," which floor him ; Call huge holts. On comes Frizzle Wig ; Red Cap uu. - iiwur aim ; me compliment is re turned nnd lied Cap is down ; but nt last the combatants are reconciled, and tlicy sit down and. enjoy a "reg'lnr blowout." At this juncture a friend of ours who appeared to think his own voice ns " music on the wntcrs," or " the most churming thing in nature," diverted our nttention. When we looked again, " a change came o'er the spirit of our dream." Dash our wig and fenthcra I if there wnsn't Cabbage left for (lend on tlio ground, nnd Red Cap stnnding exultingly over liim ; but his triumph wus not long — remorse seizes him. Then we were treated to u ghost. Yes, a verita ble make-believe ghost, no less than Cabbugc wrapped up in a sheet. First the ghost gets be hind Red Can's chair, then he comes round, faces him, and pulls nvvuy the table : of course the un- sus|iecllng gentleman does not see the mysterious hgency at work, and he pulls back the tnble and sits down to write. A variety of iricksnre played, till lied Cnji thinks it high time to be frigiitened, and Frizzle Wig, who comes in at this juncture, thinks it will only ho decent to nppenr so too." Then Cabbage folds the sheet around him, jumps upon a chnir, nnd looks awful ; but he wns a good-natured fellow ufter ull, fur seeing our face assume a ghastly laic — nnd doubtless dreading that we would exclaim with Hnmlct : 'Zounds, show me what thoa'll do. Wou'lt weep I wou'lt fight T woult fost t wou'lt tear thyself I Wou'lt drink up Esil t eat a crocodile t lie throws off the sheet, nnd springing from tho clinir re-ussures poor Red Cup hy n cordiul. shake of the hand. Frizzle Wig isn't n bad father either, for he consents that the rivnl lovers. Red Cap and Cabbage, shall dance nn Irish jig, the most agile to he nwnrded tlio prize. Wo suppose Cabbage, as he took possession of the lady, was adjudged the palm of victory, hut had we stood in " t no ItifltF eiAAl-!i.ns >..a t...— i i > " , ",M; «wwniMg»— ucj; jiuruuu, iiuu we been the lady herself — we should certainly have fixed upon Red Cup, for, of the two, he wus decidedly the more decent fellow. Now come we to the latter part of the enter tainments ; — the lady sung, the amdtcarsung;the prodigy sung, the band played, nnd finally every mnn jack and woman jenny in the company jotned in harmoniously piping the suitably- chosen, puthetic air, " Clear the Kitchen." Here let us pause. We blush for our remiss ness, but ns honest journalists feel bound to avow thnt in the lust paragraph we have omitted men tioning the gentleman of the evening — the gcntle- mnn, par excellence, who sung." Death of General More," '' Alice Gray," the " Swiss Boy," — nnd here ngnin our Pegasus halls. Stern duty, how ever, urges us to record the fuct that sundry unsympathetic, undiscerning, uncongenial, un grateful individuals hissed — aye, actually hissed the gentlemnn." Singers, ufter nil, are but " mortal men," and who can wonder chat nssuch they should feel and resent nn insult. By the goose-quill which we now wield, but we felt for the, man ; hut the dignified manner in which he advanced tp the foot-lights (so close that he almost burnt his inexpressibles,) and gracefully waved his hat to obtain silence, convinced nil that he was equal to the occasion. Silence being obtained, he addressed tho audience as follows : — " Ludies and Gentlemen : there is a grent many of you here ns is very fond of, 'issing, now I wants to know if there is any of you ns is gnme to sing, 'cos I'm your man uny day for twenty pounds." " Thns spake the chief, and proudly ey'd the foe.1' In conclusion, we would say — Hurrah, Hodge ; hurrah; — we congratulate you on the success ol Monday night, and trust that you may always meet with tlio encouragement you deserve. 