SELECT POETRY. OLD TRINITY. ' Thy servants think upon her stones, and it pitieth them to see her in the dust.' Psaiithii. Tur Paschal Moon is raging to-night On fair Mnnhndn's hay, And soft it falls on Hoboken As where the Saviour lay -, Anti humans beneath whose pay-sheets Nile's troubling angel HW, 'Show many blood-hospiinkled door Of our Passover too. But here where many unholy year It began on arch and aisle, What minus its cold and silver ray On dust and ruin pile 1 -Oh ! where's (he consecrated porch The sacred later where? 'And where's that antique stopple's Sight To be s The moonlight air 1 JJ seem to miss a mother's face In this her worried home, 'And fingering the green churchyard As round flint mother's tomb Old Trinity ! thou too art gone' And in thine own ghost hound, They've laid three low dear Mother Church, To rest in holy ground ! The vaulted roof, that trembled off above the charmed psalm ; The quaint old altar, where we owned Our very Rnsclm] Limb The chimes, first river in the lower Life seraph-music sung, And hold me spell-bound in the way When I was very young The marble monuments within ; The escutcheons, old and rich , And one hold bishop's effigy Above the chancel niche ; to the mitre and the legend (hero Beneath the colored pane ; All these thou knowest, Paschal Moon, But ne'er shalt know against And than was shining on this spot 'I harbour thy Saviour rose'! But oh! its look treatises) on morn The saving only knows A thousand years and was the same And half a thousand more ! 'Old Moon, what mystic chronicles Thou scopes of the s' sore -"And so, until good Queen Anne reigned, li was a heathen board ; 'But they made its virgin turf an altar to the Lord 'Will holy roof they covered it, And when Apostles came, They claimed, for Christ, its battlements, And took it in God's name Than Paschal Moon, this sacred spot No more thy magic felt, Till flames brought down the holy place Where our forefathers knob : Again 'the down-the grave old pile ! That Mother Church sublime'! -took on its roofless pile, old Moon, For 'this thy last-last time ! Ay, look with smiles, for never there Shines Paschal Moon again, Till breaks the earth's great Easter day O'er all the graves of men I 'see want away, old I'uschul Moon, And come next year as bright ; 'Eternal lock shall welcome thee,' Our faith's ito cutest rightly They rear old Trinity one more ; And, if ye weep to see, The glory of this latter house Thrice glorious shall be ! Oh ! lay its deep foundations strong, And, yet a little while, Our Paschal Lamb himself shall come To light the ballot of aisle. Eiis'er Iden, 1810. 