ROMISH PRIESTS IN IRELAND. (Continued from Saturday, December 11.) To understand this, let us consider the posi- tion which this papal hierocracy now occupies. It has, on the one side, a vast, untutored, im- poverished, depressed population — inflammable, gregarious, 'easily following the religion of their lords ;' full of natural intelligence, inquisitive, deeply religious — imbued with good prejudices, easily led by kindness, and thirsting for education. On the other side is an active, zealous, pure, sim- ple-minded Church, which, though persecuted, has not been awakened, and which is actively en- gaged in its duty — in doing what it was placed to do both by God and its country, and endeavour- ing to win over the nation to truth from what Englishmen will not venture to deny is a lament- able and fatal error. With this Church are now beginning to co-operate a considerable body of landlords — it may be slowly indeed and partially — it may be with their eyes just awakening to the folly of encouraging, as their fathers did, the growth of a hostile religion in order to swell their rents or their votes ; but inspired with a spirit of loyalty and benevolence, and, we really believe, to no little extent with the piety which they witness in their clergy. Once let the landlords and the clergy combine, and if this be an enlightened age, and Popery is error, neither of which will be de- nied by the advocates of a liberal policy, Popery must fall — and Ireland be converted. Landlords therefore must be threatened, and intimidated — and the Church, either by assassination, or terror, or starvation, or a legislative process, be crippled and silenced. But this is not all. Two other bodies are still standing almost neutral — but either of them, by joining the Church and the landlords, would effectually give them the victory. The government of the empire is one, and the public opinion of Protestants the other ; — terrify or ca- jole the one, and blind the other — and the triumph of Popery will be comparatively easy. Now every one of these purposes is to be at- tained by raising up a body of priests who will hold the population in their hands, to be swayed to and fro as a sort of political bludgeon, ready for outrage and murder at the will of that hidden power which is struggling to reconquer Ireland — who will goad the peasantry into hatred and fear against their landlords, the clergy, and the Sas- senach — who will now parade them in vast tu- multuous masses, or organised as in the 'Tem- perance' processions — now herd them under the horsewhip to the hustings and registration courts, now marshal them in secret conspiracies — now keep them restless and excited by rumours of massacres, and rebellions, and the recovery of confiscated lands — and, lastly, let us remember, while one hand secretly organises and infuriates them to outrage, will with the other ostentatiously soothe and affect to restrain them ; commanding them to evade, but forbidding them to violate the law ; that the eyes of the Government may be blinded — and ends may be gained by threats which never could be gained by open force — or, if at- tempted by force, would hazard not only the lives of the people, to which demagogues seem wonder- fully indifferent, but the lives of the demagogues, of which they are pre- eminently and most dis- creetly careful. This is the use and object of the present race of Popish priests in Ireland. Terror — terror in every part — terror over the landlord, terror over the clergy, terror over the Government, terror over England, and terror over the Irish peasantry It is the reign of terror in Ireland into which the English people are bound to inquire; and here commences the chief difficulty. If Englishmen once understood the real nature of the influence by which the Popish priests of this day rules his flock, the rest would be easily seen. But those who best know the truth de- spair of bringing home to the understanding and conviction of any who have not personally visited Ireland. That it is affection, veneration, moral influence, the sympathy of birth, personal kind- ness, constant association, is the prevailing opi- nion in England ; — and witnesses will not be be- lieved who set these aside at once, and give a very different answer, — Fear. But witnesses who describe Ireland as it really exists must ex- pect to meet with incredulity, and must patiently submit to it. The people are bound to their priests by some extraordinary fascination— no one denies. But let us consider for a moment. It cannot be an intellectual conviction of the doctrines of their religion, for that they are deeply in want of in- struction is sufficiently attested by the avowed need of a national education. Neither, is it the moral influence of character. Let impartial in- quirers examine what is the character of the priests in general, and what the opinion enter- tained of them by the people. For instance, have the people confidence in their honesty? When they send money from abroad, when they receive their pensions, when they appoint executors to their wills, when they deposit money in the care of others, when they wish to have matters settled by arbitration — Do they trust their priest ? Do they not with wonderful unanimity distrust him ? Do they not recur ordina- rily, as a matter of course, to their Protestant clergyman and their Protestant landlord? — (we speak of the general feeling throughout Ireland) — and when asked why they do not have recourse to their priest — is not the answer, that the priest would cheat them; or, more delicately, that they cannot trust him? Will persons familiar with Ireland, and unbiassed by party, question the accuracy of this statement ? Upon the same principle, the influence exerted by the priest is not, as M. de Beaumont has so strangely found persons to assure him, and has so infelicitously published, — the influence of cha- rity. That it was so in the last century is highly probable ; but if one fact is more notorious than another in Ireland, it is that the present race of priests take everything they can, and give nothing. Will Parliament inquire whether any change has taken place in the priest's dues since the tithes were taken off the occupier? Does the priest in many parts now exact two flukes, or twenty sheaves, from each head of a family, in- stead of ten? Have active agents of noblemen been compelled to resist this, and at the risk of their lives? What is the price at which extreme unction and other rites of the Church are now sold? Is it customary to administer them with- out their being sold? Are the Irish peasants afraid to improve their external condition from fear of additional extortions? What are stations, and why has Dr. Ryan, the Romish bishop in Limerick, just now prohibited the feastings which took place in them ? What are now the fees for marriages ? Is such a fact as this common, that a priest will separate a married couple on the plea of one of the parties being either a Protestant, or having been seduced, or being too nearly re- lated according to the Romish canons, and will then engage to remarry them on the payment of a heavy fine— eight guineas, for instance ? Will they ask, if it is not a proverb in Ireland that there is no luck in a priest's money?' — and whether a dress like a priest's be not the best of all preservatives against the importunity of beg- gars? And then it should also be asked what is the conduct of the landlords and the clergy, whose doors, M. de Beaumont asserts, can never be approached by the poor, while travellers who are staying within those doors will scarcely be able to come out without meeting some miserable object waiting to be relieved? But, we are told, this influence of the priest is the result of social and religious communication ! — Undoubtedly, as to the social point, the priest has access to the cabins of the peasants at all hours. Undoubtedly he does mix with them upon terms of more intimacy than the clergy of the Church. He is one of themselves : sprung from them, bred up in the same habits— very often (O, when will the Irish Church and the English government understand the value of this!) speaking the Irish language ! — and the first to un- dertake their cause, and identify himself with their views, whenever a landlord is to be thwarted \- or a magistrate bearded on the bench — or a criminal to be extricated from the law — or a tenant to be kept in possession of his land — or a clergyman to be resisted— or any other work to be done in which the spiritual power can safely be brought to bear against the Sassenach or the Church. So also — for facts must be stated plainly, however certain to be regarded as caricatures and exaggerations — if by religious communication is meant the perform- ance by them at stated times of the rites of their Church in an unknown tongue — the delivery of a short address (called a sermon), enforcing the payment of dues, or denouncing individuals— the celebration of mass — the confession — extreme unction — the blessing the holy clay to be put into the coffins of the dead, that their souls may not be risked by their bodies lying in ground polluted with the corpses of Protestants ; if it means the saying masses not only for the dead, but in boats when first launched, for a good take of herrings — for sick cows and horses and pigs — to prevent the fish from forsaking a bay over which a Protestant corpse had been carried; if it means blessing a house to drive away fairies and goblins — writing orations or verses from St. John's Gospel to hang round the neck of chil- dren, as a charm — drawing up amulets as pro- tections for cattle — hearing confessions, and pro- nouncing absolution at the rate of ten minutes for each case — (Mr. Mathison gives this calcula- tion from their own statements) — then indeed, we freely confess, that religious communication has very much to do with the influence of the priests. But by religious communication, we mean the watchful, anxious solicitude of a clergyman for the real spiritual interest of souls committed to his care— the fatherly correction, the gradual development of principles and feelings, the con- solation, enlightenment of the conscience, the reading by sick beds, the prayers in the hour of death, the seizure of every occasion to put the truth of God into men's minds, and love of God into their hearts. And once again, we intreat the English public— on whom, humanly speaking, the question now rests, whether the unhappy peasantry of Ireland shall be rescued to the Church, or be abandoned to Popery — to inquire how much of this is to be found in the minis- trations of the Romish priests, as they at pre- sent exist? We do not say there are not many, very many exceptions ; God forbid that any body of men should so utterly have fallen ! — but we speak of them generally. And when such a suggestion is met by the pathetic and imposing descriptions of the nightly journey of priests in cold and darkness, at all seasons, and on every call, to administer the consolations of religion to the sick and the dying — let it be understood that this consolation is simply the rite of extreme unction, which is never performed till hope has vanished — that it is rarely performed, even in the poorest case, without either money in hand, or a pledge of payment — (2s., 6s., 10s., 15s., 20s., 30s., occur in cases now before us)— that the priest dare not withhold it, because the people, believing that salvation depends on it, will not tolerate a denial, and Dr. Dens himself allows it to them ' as a right.' These things are hard to speak of — they are very painful to hear, painful to believe. But again and again it must be repeated, that unless the eyes of the English public are opened to the truth, the Church of Ireland, and Ireland itself, and with Ireland the English empire, and with the English empire all the great interests of mankind, spiritual as well as political, which are dependent on it, will be sacrificed to that abused delicacy with which Popery is now treated and described. Where then, if neither in the intellect nor the heart, does the influence of the priest rule ? First of all, in that deep, secret, mysterious dread of supernatural agency which penetrates the Irish character. In England — civilised, re- formed, enlightened England — from which rail- ways, and newspapers, and spinning-jennies have banished ghosts, goblins, fairies, and the belief of every thing unseen by sense — we can not comprehend the hold wich superstition (we call it superstition, not as if its root did not lie deep in truth and good affection) possesses over the Irish peasant. A curse with him is now, and has been from the very beginning, the most powerful of charms. Tara 1,100 years ago was rendered the waste it now is by a priest's curse, and every page of their history is full of similar facts. It has a living power with the Irishman, and a blessing even from the beggar is worth the risk of starvation. He bows down willingly to man as the minister of God. He sees a supernatural agency and a sacramental meaning in every thing. He has never yet been raised to know and exercise an independent strength either of intellect or of arm, and he throws himself willingly and gladly, and and with all the warmth and confidence, and cowardice, and thoughtlessness of a child, under any one who professes to be his master. Would our readers believe that, among the great mass of the Irish peasantry, they would find such a creed as this: — that the priest, when in his vest- ments at the Altar — (this must be remem- bered) — can bless and curse as God ;— that he can work miracles, and does work miracles, as in healing the sick— (hundreds of such cases are circulated through the country, and believed, though the parties healed do not appear) ;— that he can turn men into animals, birds, asses, and serpents — can fix them to the spot ) — ' can make horns grow out of their heads);' — that Father Mathew also works miracles — that his medal is a remedy against sickness ; that it drives away ill- luck ; that it rescues persons ' even from the doors of hell;' — that their bishops individually, in the words of their catechisms, are not only what bishops are, ambassadors of God, ' but per- sonate God himself on earth, and are worthily called not only angels, but gods also ;' — and that, when the priest is in the confessional, ' he is, as it were, God ;' ' what he hears, he hears not as man but God' — and therefore he ' knows it only as God, and may swear, without perjury, ' I know nothing,' ' because the word I,' as Dr. Detns ex- plains it, (vol. vi. p. 219) ' restricts to know- ledge acquired by him as man' ! ! ! Is in fact Popery in Ireland the adoration of a priest? And is this the answer frequently given by the unhappy people when asked whom they worship, 'My priest is my God?' Now let such notions as these be supported by the principle of ' implicit faith ;'' by the funda- mental doctrine of transubstantiation, which attributes to the priest a complete miraculous power, subversive of all the evidence of the senses ; by the mystery of the confessional gene- rally, which places any man, but especially an Irishman, completely at the mercy of his priest. Let such notions, in place of being discouraged and combated, be studiously encouraged by the priest, and pushed to the utmost extravagance. Let the poor peasantry hear every Sunday of the power of the priest's curse! Let a mark be set upon the man who offends a priest — so that he becomes an outcast from society, that the most tremendous civil consequences of spiritual ex- communication are brought down upon him for the most trivial act — precisely such as are en- forced upon heretics by the authorised formu- laries of popery ; that his neighbours refuse to speak to him ; that his property is left exposed to all kinds of injury, because there is no wrong in wronging a man who is a rebel against the Pope ; that even just debts are refused to be paid on the same ground ;— that wives will be brought to curse their husbands, on their bare knees, as devils, and worse than devils ; that parents will, at the command of the priest, turn their children out of doors to starve ; husbands separate from their wives — brothers hire ruffians to assault their brothers ; buying and selling be interdicted, and the victim be abandoned to starvation. Let the injunction of the Achill priest — whom Dr. Mac Hale, with thirteen other priests, came over to the island to support — be recommended, and the Irish peasants be ordered, 'if such condemned persons came to them in the field, whatever they would have in their hand, if it was a spade, to strike them with it, and ' if it was a pitchfork, to stick them.' Let there be a body of ruffians, such as Dr. Doyle describes them to be in his Pastoral Letters to them, capable of any crime, secretly moving about the country in all places of public resort, ready to fall on any one thus pointed out for punishment. Let there be few gradations of the poorer orders to check such persecution by a moral influence. Let the victim be completely dependent on his little holding of land, and no refuge opened to him elsewhere. Let the landlord, if a Romanist, be under the influence of the priest ; and if a Protestant, be indifferent to the persecution of a Protestant. Let the magistrate have no access to the chapel where these interdicts, are fulminated ; or be remiss in taking proceedings against the priests who provide the members who form the majority which supports the government ; or else let him bo utterly baffled in his inquiries by the impossi- bility of obtaining information under this reign of terror, by the notorious perjury which such cases generate, by the violence of the priests, and by the combination of the priest-ruled peasantry. Let these facts be realised in the mind, as they may be substantiated by proof— not in one part of Ireland, nor of one priest, but the general character of the system — and Englishmen will then form some notion of our meaning, when we hinted that the rule of the priest was a reign of terror. How are statements like these, which unsub- stantiated by facts arc valueless, to be brought home to the minds of Englishmen ? It must be by an accumulation of them in every shape and from every part of Ireland. And it would be well if those who are most interested in opening the eyes of the country would take steps to place on record, upon authentic informa- tion, and supported by such witnesses as can be procured under this system of intimidation, every occurrence of the kind — and to preserve them ready when called for — if not from time to time to lay them before the public through some regular channels. Something at least may be done in this way to overcome the almost hope- less apathy and incredulity which at present prevails. Mr. Colquhoun has made one collec- tion from the Reports of Parliamentary Commit- tees, chiefly that on Intimidation at Elections — and we pause to extract a portion of it, not as the foundation of our own statements, which were made before we met with his volume, but as specimens and illustrations only which may help to awaken attention. And as the eye runs over them, we entreat the reader to transfer them for a moment to England — to imagine the English clergy, the natural ministers of loyalty, and order, and peace, coming forward simultaneously at elections, under the sanction of their bishops, to co-operate with the most turbulent and seditious dema- gogues — standing at the communion-table, and prohibiting from approach all who did not vote as they directed — denouncing them by name or description to a ferocious mob, as enemies and traitors — themselves heading that mob in acts of violence and outrage — enjoying exclusive dealing — allowing the walls of their churches to be placarded with incentives to murder, and turning their pulpits, and altars, and churchyards, into political platforms. Imagine them prosti- tuting the most solemn mysteries of religion, the sanctity of the sacraments, and the awful threat of a sinner's death-bed, to the extortion of votes. Let them know that on every word of encouragement they uttered blood has flowed already, and will flow again ; and let them speak on ! Let all this be done to exasperate the people against their natural superiors — tenants against landlords, and subjects against governors. Let it break forth not at a time of persecution, when past sufferings might be thought some ex- tenuation for revenge, but in profound peace, when every day was heaping on them fresh acts of conciliation and kindness. Let these acts be known and proved, and the parties named, and yet let the heads of the English Church take no cognisance of such offences. Would it be a calumny to say that such acts might fairly be assumed as a representation of a general system ; or, as in the real instance of Ireland, to assert that what takes place during an election will take place whenever it is the interest of the priests to employ similar instruments of power ; and that their interest is inseparably connected, by their own confession, with the principles which in England are acknowledged to be destructive of law and of the country ? (To be continued.) 