TUE G II AT ST O' KIND IN Vi li. BB JOHN SHEARER. (From the " School master.") About the year 1750, a drover, returning with his pockets well lined from an Aberdour market, took up his quarters for the night, in a farm house on the small estate of Kitiinvic, near the romantic and beautiful scenery of the bridge of Fidtlich. He started next morning for the south and as he was never afterwards heard of, it was generally believed that he had been much loved. At this period there resided at Bullockhead, of Kininive, William Reid, a staunch old Presbyterian, and a member of the Kirk Session of' Mortlach ; a believer so strong in faith, that, as he himself was wont to say, " Wi' my table in' my pouch, I'll neither fear ghost nor deny." But soon, alas ! had poor Willie to tell another tale. . One night, as Willie was steering his course home- wards from Mortlach manse, a road he had measured both early and late, he had just reached the lonesome brig o' Park, when a large black dog came up to him, barking and bowling stared him in the face-went often round about him and kept him company till near his well known door at Ililloukhead. Willie was so frightened, that he almost lost his seven senses; he told, far and near, of the ghost (ghost); how it appeared like a black dog, and grew by degrees as big as a horse and when the elder ventured out at nightfall, the ghost appeared, and kept him in such a state of alarm, that he was soon reduced to a skeleton. The ghost persevered in his visits for many a night, to the terror, not only of the letter, but of the whole country side. At length, however, as it wearied of enacting a dumb character, one night, when very late, it met William on his homeward path, and announced itself as the ghost of him who murdered the drover, ordering him to follow it to a certain spot, where evidence of that deed of darkness would be found. The supposed murder immediately presented itself to Willie's mind; he felt convinced of the truth of what he had heard concerning the mysterious disappearance of the drover; and, notwithstanding his dread of the ghost, and his horror at these recollections, he was con- strained, by an ungovernable impulse, to accompany his mysterious guide. When they had nearly reached the house of Trainer, There", said the ghost, pointing to a green spot, with a cross hollowed out, " there is the very turf trial conceals the remains of the drover; to-morrow take them up, and put them in consecrated ground. Then I shall have rest, and will never trouble you again." After these words, and just as the clock struck twelve, (ho ghost disappeared, with a yell which the rocks of Trainer reverberated in such tremendous echoes, that the ground on which Willie stood seemed to quiver beneath his feet. As soon as day broke, Willie went to the minister of Morllach, and gave him a faithful account of what he had seen and heard on the preceding night. The good natured pastor lost no time in collecting a large upon her of his parishioners, with whom he proceeded, under the elder's guidance, to the celebrated spot pointed out by the ghost. After digging to the depth of about four feet,' they found some large bones, which they at first supposed to have been those of a sturdy Highlander, who had been buried about the same place many years before ; but they soon changed their opinion, and were convinced that they had discovered the bones of the murdered drover. The skull, however, was wanting; but as there was no remedying this, they carefully collected all the bones they could find, and deposited them in the church yard of Alortlach The minister rewarded "Willie for his conduct in this interesting affair, and congratulated him on being relieved from the Ghaist o' Kiniuwo. Willie left the manse, and trudged homewards with a light and happy heart ; but on coming to the Brig o' Park, who should appear but the black ghost again. It ordered him to go next day to a certain spot at Tinniver, where he would find the drover's head, and to jury it with the rest of his bones; which Willie, assisted by the minister and his parishioners, honestly and carefully performed. The Gliaist o' Kiniuvic, after that time, no doubt slept sound enough, although thousands who crossed the Brig o' Park afterwards, did so with fear and trembling. Lately, upon a dreary winter's night, formed one of a rural party, composed of young a d old, and, seated as usual before a blazing fire, listened to the tales and gossip, which still have their power to wile away the darkness of a dismal night in the country. The story of the Ghaist o' Kininvio was told in the manner I have n w related it, when an old man, with hoary locks?, made the following statement; - When a boy, I herded the cows in the woods of Tinittver; and oft have I trembled to pass the celebrated spot where it was said the ghost directed the bones to be halted. One night in particular, bring obliged to pass by the place on my way home, I got a most terrible fright. The darkness was but feebly peace tried, by here and there a wreath of snow which had not yielded to the thaw, although it was now the beginning of March. The wind was up, and the woods of' Tininvor, moaning to the passing gale, conspired to heighten the terror of the hour. " This is a dreary night," said I to myself; " and, oh ! but this is a dismal night. Should the ghost appear to me, I am sure I should die in the spot." Just as I had uttered those words, a rustling noise among some bushes behind me, made my head crouch between my shoulders, and my hair stand on end. As I ventured a glance towards the place on ! horrible la t sing like a dog was ready to leap upon my back -I screamed aloud, " Mercy ! Mercy !" and fled with the utmost precipitation; but the object of my terror kept close at my heels until I reached my father's house. The innocent practice of my sisters-" Eli George, who got you Colley?" Colley?" said 1; " Ay, Colley," said (he; " he's been away a' day," scarcely prevented me from fainting; while it had convinced me, that what I had been so much afraid of, was nothing more than is my father's old dog, which had run into the wood that day after a hare. " Where's my father?' inquired 1, rather hastily. 'Hen the house wife stranger man," was the reply. Thither I went ; when my father, seeing me so much agitated, inquired what', was the matter; while be at the same time, Scotchman I i lo, answered his own question, by saying, "No 2 He! you've been fear'd coming through the wood. " What made you afraid, my man?'' said the stranger. " Nothing," said I, sheepishly. " So! he's been fearful for the ghastly," said my father. "What grain?" inquired the stranger. " Oh, by the by," he immediately added, "the Ghaist o' Kininvie - I recollect now. Faith that was a well played game. Is that story still believed to be true? True?" said my father, day, as sure as you are Charlie M'ltt'tosh. Though I'm nee fear'd ! for't myself, I believe it to be as true as the table." " It was just as much a ghost as I am one," s and Charlie, giving proof that he himself was no spirit, by gulping a glass of j mountain dew that graced the table, in Company with a wooden trencher well pleased with hammocks and cheese. "I'll tell you the true way of the story," continued he, all the same time selling down the glass, in the hope of its being again filled, which was done more than once during the course of his narration. " The old Laird of Trainer was a merry fellow, as you well know. One of the servant girls was the mother of a child of his of which he was very fond, and was, of course, I anxious to have it christened. Although it was illegitimate, he was so intimate with the minister (for many a hearty glass they used to have together), that he imagined there could be little difficulty in obtaining baptism. To his confusion and disappointment, however, William Reid, who a staunch member of the church, became so obstreperous in his | opposition to the measure, as to how he would make the case known to the Presbytery, should the minister attempt to baptize the infant, 1 his menace so operated on the minister and the other members of the session, that it was resolved by a majority, to refuse the baptist- n, unless the laid made satisfaction according to the usual forms of the church, the minister announced this resolution to the laird, informing m at the same time, that it was Reid who had influenced the votes against him. This intelligence highly enraged the laird, who, but a short time before, had saved Reid from ruin by coming to his relief when his creditors were about to group his all and from that moment he determined on vexing, and punishing the ungrateful either. " The laird had a man who was in of trucks, to whom he told what had happened, and who readily and cheerfully agreed to be the instrument for accomplishing his purposes. Accordingly, next time Reid was in Mortlach attending the session, the laird's man way- laid him at a lonely place near the Brig O Park and having previously fitted two or three black dogs' skins to his body, got upon all fours; and, by bathing and howling, succeeded in frightening poor Reid out of his wits. Next day it was spread through the whole country-side, that William Reid, the elder had seen a ghost in the shape of a big black dog, which had barked at him, and had threatened to appear again. Prayer meetings were held in Reid's house, and every means tried (what could be thought of to lay' the spirit, but in vain; for the elder was constantly visited in the same way. At last the man in dogs' skins getting wearied of so many nights excursions, told the land that it was necessary the business should be brought to an end in some way or other. Having re- collected the spot where a calf had been buried many years before, the head of which had been cut off, in order to terrify a timorous old woman ; he proposed to make Reid believe that its bones were those of a murdered man, and cause him to lift and bury them in the church-yard. The laird approved of the plan. The ghost appeared again to Reid in one of his nocturnal journeying from the mains, and declared himself to be the ghost of a man who had murdered a drover, desiring the elder to come along with him, that he might show him where he had buried the body and promising that, if he would lift the bones, and bury them in consecrated ground, he would trouble him no more. Reid was rejoiced at the prospect of bidding an eternal farewell to so frightful an apparition, and gladly allowed himself in that dark hour of midnight, to be led to the calf's grave ; when the ghost, after again re- newing his charge about the lifting of the bones, vanished. with a hideous howl into an adjoining thicket, while poor Reid was left to escape from his terrible situation in the best way he could. Next day he reported the circumstance to the minister; who, with the elders, and almost all the other parishioners, proceeded to lift the bones which they removed and buried in the church yard. Both the land and the man were present, and saw and heard what passed, with no small satisfaction at the success of their stratagem. All the bones except the shanks were decayed, having been buried many years. The minister said, He had been a strong mainland added, ' but the strongest may be overpowered,' « 1 wonder,' said one of the elders, ' how the skull is not to he seen ; surely his head has been made away with.' " No, said William Reid, for the ghost told me he was brought down by the help of a dog, and then murdered with a stick.' " The murmuring about the absence of the skull, raised a fear in the minds of the laird and his man, that the whole -affair would be discovered to be an imposture and to prevent this they on the same day, procured a skull from the Kirkyard, and laid it down near the place whence the bones were lifted. The ghastly appeared again that night to Reid, and told him that a bone had been left ; which for his future peace, he must go back and find. Accordingly next day the skull was found, and laid beside the bones of the curtain the Kirkyard of Morllach." When Charlie had finished his story, my father exclaimed, " Wool, if that 'be true many a one has been frightened for teaching." "There is no fear of its being Irtic," said Char'tie, for Sandy Roy told it me the night before he went to Germany with the 42nd regiment; and from whom could you have it better, than from the Gliaist himself ?" )jBMSu&í>»MMSEy&£eaja,'i,"<-..wppjVrz;íj;:íí 