ESCaLLtANEZA, AN OLD ITALIAN STORY. Messi're Barnabas, the sovereign of Milan, was feared beyond any other prince of his time. Yet, though ex tremely cruel, he observed in his severities a species oft jnstice, of wlhich the following anecdote may be takeneas an illustration : A certain rich abbot,, who had the care of his dogs, having suffi-red two of them to get the mange, was heavily fined for his negligence. He begged very hard to he let ofl; on which the duke said to him, " I will remit you the fine, on condition that you tnswer me the three folloiing questions 1\. How far is it Io the sky! 2. How milch water is there in the sea? 3. What am I worth ?" The abbot's heart sunk within him on hesring these propositions. Hovw ever, to get rid of. tle matter for the present, he begged time for considera tiIn, and the duke gave him the wvhole of the next day.. As the abbot was returning home in melancholy mood, he met a man who tented a mill under him. The miller seeing him theus cast down, enquired what was tle matter. *' I may well he sad," replied tile abbot, " ror his highness threatens to play'the deuce wiih me, if I do not answer three questions which neither Solomon nor Aristotle could solve," and he told tile miller what-thley were. The latter stood houglihtful a few minutes, and then said, " Well, if you:have a mind, 1 will get you out of the scrape." " I heartily w sh you could," said tlhe abbot, <' there is nothing I have that I would not give you." " I am will. li'ng to leave that to you," said the miller, " but it will be necessary that yon should lend me your tunic and cowl. I must get myself shaved, and make myself as much like an abbot as I can." To this his reverence joy fully consented,.and the.next morning the nuller, having transformed himself into, a priest, set out for the palace. The duke, surprised that the abbot shohld be. ready so early, ordered him to be admitted-; and the miller having made his reverence placed himqelf as much in the dark as he could, and kept fumbling about his face with his hind, to prevent his being recognised. The duke then' asked him if he was ready to swear the queries he had put to him ? to which he replied in the affirmative. " Your lighness' first question," said he, " was, 4 How far is it, from hence to the sky. ? ' I answer, thirty-six millions, eight hun dred and fifty-four thousand, seventy two miles and a half, and twenty:two yard'." " You' have made a nice calculation," said the duke; " but how do you prove it?" '" If you think it incorrect," said the other, " measure it yourself, and if you do not find it right, hang me. 1" Your seconid question, 6 Ilow much water is there in the sea ?.' has given me a good deal of trouble, because as there is alwayssome coming into it, or going out of it,'it is scarcely possible to be exact ; however, according to the nearest estimte' I have been able to make, the sea holds twenty-five thsosanhd iine hundred and eighty-two millions of hogsheads, seven barrels, twelve quarts, two pints." " lHow can you possibly tell?" said thie duke. " I have taken all the pains I could," replied the other; ." hut if 'you have aiy. doubt about the matter, get a sollicient number of barrels and you will tlien see. " Thirdly, you demanded, 'flow much your 'higlihness was worth ? ' I answer, nine and-twenty slhillings." 'WliontMeisire Barinabas heard this le flew iitoia furious passion, aid said, SA murrian. take you, do you hold me in no higher estimation than a pottage- pot I? "' Sire," replied the other, tremoling all over, " you know our Lord'was sold for' thirty pieces of silver; atid 1 thought I must ti'lni y-u at one less than him." Tlie slhrewd nest of tliemnani's replies convinced the duke that he was not the abbot ; and looking steadfastly at him, charged him .with being an iiiipostor. T'I'se miller, greatly frightened, fell on his knees, and begged for mercy, stating that he wins a servant of the ubbot, and had undertaken the scheme at his request, solely with a view to entertain this highness. Messire Barnabas, hearing this exclaimed, " Since he has himself Sspade you uan abbot, amid a better' one \an ever hte was, I confirm the up pnointment, anid invest you ..with his benefice: as you have taken his place, lie shall takd yours."' This was Sc. trally done ; and as long as' lie :ived, the miller received the revenue of the abbey, and the abbot was. obliged to content himself with that. of the mill. And so the abbot turned miller, and thte 'miller abbot. The novelist concludes with remark irng-that, "notwithstaanding the'miller's good fortune, it is seldom safe to take liberties with great men ; that they are like the sea, which, if it gives the chance of great wealth, exposes also to great peril; and that, however a man may be favoured by the weather for a time, he was always in danger of being wrecked by a storm. Character ,of the Greenlanders. Tempi.rate, modest, and little disposed to anger, or at at least skilful in con cealiig it, crimes are rare among the Greenlanders. When injured they remain dumb and sullen, hiding their passion till an opportunity of revenge occurs, from which, when once ex asperated, no danger can deter them. When a parent has been murdered, it is an established principle that his descendants must rvenge him at how ever distant an interval; though in stances of their destroying each other are rare, except to regard to.those un happy persons who are accused of witchcraft. When this crime is held to have, been proved,, the wretched victim is called out of the house or tent, charged with being an Illiseetsok, stabbed arnd cut to pieces;. each of the executioners eating a part of the heart to prevent their being troubled with the ghost of thle murdered person. It is usually the old and infirm, who have no children to protect or avenge them, tlat suiffer this fate, and as often, it is th?ught, from mere malice as from any belief in their supernatural power. Their morality, indeed, seems very much of a selfish nature, and, like most savages, they have one rule of dealing with their own coutrymen, anid another with foreigners. Hence, though steal ing, being much detested, is not coinm mun among themselves, they nmake little scruple in appropriating anything belonging to strangers, especially naiiv, tobacco, bread, or a piece, of their favourite delicacy, a tallow candle. They are also adepts in dis simulation,: and so little scrupulous about truth that they tell lies when ever it seems for their advantage Though far from being. destitute. oi natural affection for theiri relations, they have no feelinge of humanity for the rest of mankind,- but- with tue utmost indilference suffer widows atnd nrphans to perish who have no friends: to provide for them. Such insensib'lity is, huweser..partly occasionted t,y their, situation, which exposes even the'most active and vigorous amongst them to innumerable privations. - Edinburgh Cabinet Library. Hlappiness.-A captain in the navy, meeting a fiend as le landed at Ports mouth Point, boasted that he had left his whole ship's company the'happiest fellows in the world. "-low so?" asked the friend. " Why, I have just flogged seventeen, and they are happy it is over, and all the rest are hiappy` they have escaped." An Acwkward A inotincecment.-Lady A. and her daughter having been much annoyd by the gaucheries of a country booby of a servant who would pei- severe in giving ini their names as the Riight [Ion. Lady A. and the lion. Miss A. At length took him serious to task, ancd desired that, in future he would mention them as simple Lady A. and plain Miss A. Their astonishment may be conceived when they fotncid themselves obeyed to the letter. and Devonshire I-louse, was electrified by the intelligence that simple Lady A. and plain Miss A. were (' comiug up." In a small village in the- state of Georgia, a quarrel recently occurred between two f'rencthmen; one a meagre little physician who looked as if he' lived on his own drugs-the -other a sturdy grocer, who,- as a cannibal, could have, taken the. little M.: D. 'at a meal. in the proces: of the dispute, the doctor wrought up to the stickinig paint, and as a cataplasm,, exclaimned,. " I will be darm if I no kill you;'" to whlch the 'grocer replied withl non ch/ a'nce of the uodst ludicrous contrast '' Ductaire, -I'll be dam if you du*, for I shall no employ you." ''he comlbustible used; in the 'fabrica. tion ol lucifer anaiches serves' as an excellent substitute fot' the substance contained in 'the percussion caps for fowlirig pieces. This whs' lately proved beyond duubt by a Stith*Irlanfdshire gentleman, who ha ving mnet with-a rare bird while out siiuootigi and having lost his, percussion caps,. scraped off some of the matter on-some luciler matnces lahicb lie happened to have with him into the broken cap on the gun, and to his. surprise and gratifica tiorn found that it answerd ped perfectly well, as he shot tihe bird. T'Ie iRev. illr. allaitew. - We tun ders:and that the King of the Frenchi, 1I ouls-Philippe, has expressed a desire that the apostle of temperance should either .forward him a packet of his cards and medals, or visit the dKitgdom to disseminate his tee-total principles. The Rev. Mr Mathew has also had an invitation from tlie Duke of Devon shire, and a second letter from the Protestant bishop of Norwich, to visit England, and make their princely re. sidences his head quarters whilst in that country.--Limerick. Reporter. Rental of tlie City of Adelaide. - The Town Surveyor read ati interest irig and importart document to a late meeting of the members of the Town Council, stating the estimated annual rental of the city at the present mo ment at £80,000 and upwards. Ac cording to this eitimate, a rate of sixpence 'in the pound will raise the sum of £2000, tl.e alm6unt authorised by' the mhunicipal bill Tor municipal purposes.' The propriety of at once levying a half-yearly rate of three pence in the pound was discussed, but the further consideration ofrthe subject was deferred for a few days. 'The estimated rental of a spot' Idur.'years ago a complele wilderness, will, we think, astoniah -some of the enenmies of the province, ar:d even sairprisoe some of our most sanguine friends at home. -Adelaide Chronicle. I'(oughing-We cannot at the present time of the year do better than direct the farmer. to the breaking up of his land, which is in general done by means of the plough. In all lands for cultivation it is necessary that the tpper parts of soils he loosend and turned, to render thern suitable for the reception of the seed, and the growth of the crops. As it is only by stne such methodt that a proper bed for the roots of the young plants can be pre pared, and a proper condition of the land for supplying them with due nourishment be provided; in perform ing the operation, it is a matter of great utility for the farmer to pay particular attenticn not only to the. state. aind uature of the ground, but also the season of the year, and kind of crop that is to be cultivated, as in this way the preparation of his lands may be rendered more perfect and at the same time some 'of the natural defects under which they labour, be removed. In almost every sort Puf,soil it has been observed, that ploughing them -up before the latter part of the autumnal or beginning of the spring season commences, renders themt capable. of imbibing and 'retaihing a large pro. portion of moistureTfor the succeeding summrn.r'; while the turning- th-m uip during the succeeding spring and summer, causes much waste and dis' charge of moisture by evaporation and other m~eans. Where the soil in its natural state is too dry, and possesses too little tenacity for the growth and support of such crops as are necessary to be put in the earth in the spring months, the land by being brought into a' state 'of preparation for the crop in tie autumn, and the seled introduced without any additional ploughing in the spring season, may he preserved iu a more' moist and adhesive condition, consequently in a more proper state for the growth o(f such crops; but where the soil is naturally moist and the crops that are to be cultivated re quire that it should be dry and mellow, when they are put into the ground, the ploughing by being deferred for the winter,'and performed as late a+ possible in the spring months, when the-lanid has become a good deal dried,, will be more advai!tageous to the'crops that are to be grown upon it. in addition to these remarks it should be observed, that there are other circum stances which constantly 'demand 'at tention 'in the' process -of ploughing land. In all the stff, heavy, and more adhesive kinds of soilsi that are much disposed to the retention of moisture, whether -they be' pirfectly clayey or have more'of a loamy quality,it should be a common rule +never to' plough 'or turn them 'up when wet in any great degree; excepting wherethe nature'of thte-croi. requires' it ; as when such sorts of land are ploughed under such a condition; the parts of which they are composed are 'very apt 'to cake and run together into:hard lumps, that require much trouble 'and ditliculty to be afterwards reduced into a fine state; B'3t in lands wheri the clayey material is the mnost'predominent, she ploughing iay' be performed when the ground is wet without. injury,' where the work is executed 'before ?the cotmmencement of the frosty weather, while in' the spring the teams should not be suffered ,uponi the ground -until it be in a pro ,perly dry condition; but in light dry ,sandy gravelly sorts of: land,- and per. haps: some of the more mellow de seriptions of ' the 'loamy kinds, 'the work of'ploughing may be had recourse to when in' alconsirerable degree im pregnated: with motsture.--Lauicestont Advertiser. 