Local Intelligence. The Scots' Church. — We have been requested to state that a collection will be made in the Scots' Church, on Sab- bath next, to aid in the completion of the interior. At present the Scots' Church is by much the neatest building in the town, and it is a pity that its com- pletion should be delayed for want of funds, we trust therefore that the sub- scription on the present occasion will be a liberal one. Water. — Mr. Lingham of the Marine Hotel, has obtained excellent water by sinking to the depth of nine or ten feet at the beach. The supply is abun- dant, and might easily be made sufficient for the wants both of William's Town and the shipping. Sudden Death. — There are strange rumours afloat regarding the sudden, death of the wife of a well-known butcher in town, which, to say the least of it, require investigation. The woman, was well enough on the Sunday, and on the Tuesday following she was a corpse. Burglary. — On Saturday night during the absence of a man named James Keir, from his residence in the rear of Clare House, the place was burglariously entered and three five-pound notes and a quantity of wearing apparel carried off. No clue has as yet been obtained likely to lead to the discovery of the depredators. The Savings Bank. — Mr. James Smith, the Secretary of the Melbourne Fire and Marine Assurance Company, has received the appointment of Accountant of the Savings Bank, and it is, we believe, intended that the business of the Bank shall be transacted at the Assurance Company's office in the Melbourne Chambers, until the Institution. is sufficiently advanced to warrant a more extensive establishment. The Bank of Australasia is to be the Bank of deposit. TREADMILL.— Among the various works for the accommodation and improvement of her Majesty's lieges, now in progress, we ought not to omit to mention the treadmill which is to be erected in a building recently commenced in the rear of the jail. We are delighted with the prospect of the speedy introduction of this agreeable species of moral and corporeal exercise. The New Episcopalian Church.— We have been requested to state with reference to a paragraph in our last, relative to the new Episcopalian Church, for the eastern division of the town, that Mr. Beaver's new store in which it is proposed to celebrate Divine Worship temporarily, was not ready for occupation yesterday, but that the work will be completed so far as to be in prepa- ration on Sunday next. Illegal Agreement.— At the Police Of fice on Tuesday last, a lad named John Pisliop appeared to answer the complaint of Mr. A. Forlonge, for tho non- porl'orinance of his agreement. It nppenred thnt Bishop, who is quite a boy, arrived here by the Thomas Arlxithnot, under indenturo to Mr. Forlonge for three years, and thnt this in denture or agreement, which rnn as follows, wns signed by him in Scotland without tho I knowledge of his parents: — 42, Argple-street, 9lli June, 1041. I, John. Bishop, do, with the consent of my friends, engage to serve Air. Forlongo, lor tlio term of three yenrs, for my board, lodging and clothing, leaving it in Iris power to give me whatever more my good conduct inny bo considered its deserving ol. (Signed) John Bishop, 'Thomas Osbuiin. On the production of the agreement tlio hid said that when hit signed it thero wns no subscribing witness present, and thnt the iinmo " Thomas Osburn," had been nllixed to tlio agreement niter it liutl been -y "" f' him. Osburn is Bisbop' nnd ,nt ""J time the latter sis'"5" ll,u '"greciiicnt lie bad not seen 'I"-' former lor some months, neither wns Osburn in Glasgow nt tho time the boy left. The lad said lie hnd boon persuaded to come out by Mr. Forlongo's mother. Mr. Murray said, that lie appeared in thiscttscns an act of charity to tho boy, who bud ovi- dontlybocn brought out to this country under very extraordinary circumstances. Such un ngr'ccmciit. us that which had been produced would in Scotland ho sovcrely reprobated, ns entirely in contravention of tho law in regard to agreements contracted by pupils or minors — and in tho face of tho Statute 0 Geo. IV., c. 83, Section 35, which provides that it is only with persons nliovo the ago of " eighteen years," and by "indenture duly and serve in tho zYtistrnliini colonics can lie entered into. Mr. Murray alsti stated that many persons had been induced to coino from Scotland lately on tho strength of agreements made with tlio agents of parties in this colony, tvho, when their servants ar rived here, would lmvo nothing to do with tliciti. This had occurred in several in stances within the last month or two, and tvas extremely hard upon tho poor pcoplo who had left homo on tho faith ' of such agreements, as well as injurious to the inte rests of tlio colony, as such porsotts would Hiuloulitudly write home and thus prevent- respoctable people from emigrating. As far as the ports ol Leilh and Glasgow were con cerned, Mr. Murray said, ho would do what ho could to prevent such cases occurring in 1 future, and lie had written to tho Immigra tion agents at these ports whose duty'it was to attend to such mutters. The Bench said they did not consider the lad was bound by the agreement, and accordingly dismissed the case. A Nuisance. — For this week past tho lo vers of decency and fresh air have had their ideas outraged, and their walks spoiled, by the spectacle of tho lifeless carcase of a Irirge blnck and white dog floating on the surfaco of tlio "lovely and sinuous Ynrrn," (vide advertiscmant,) reminding one of a hideous wart on a beautiful countenance. 'It has given us a great shock ; we who used to smack our lips anil give a sigh of satisfaction alter a draught from tho " ever flowing," are now compelled to limit our tastes to crusted port, pale sherry, and Bass' best nle ; or, if wo do occasionally tax the Ynrra for a sup ply, it is so disguised by the solnco of the Turkoman, or tlio delight of the Celestinls, 1 that tvo cutleiivoiir to "steep oiir senses into forgetfalncss" as to itsstiiirco. How I'utilonre our best endeavours 1 -Last Saturday ul umt ju.Tw titiiiuu uiiiu uiu '" second coffee," Served in a blue -nnd white cliinn cup und saucer, smacked delight fully of tlio berry, when busy imagination conjured up a miniitUiro of the blnck and -white dog aforosttid bobbing against n bunch of violets, which tho skilful " man of clny" had represented on tho'sidc of-tlie cup. We dropped our spoon in horror nnd "dismay . Talk of Bnnquo's ghost, paving his respects to Macbeth 1 A mere fnliy to our disnster. Btinqtio had at least the decency to 'limit his vagaries to sitting at the same tnble, while the apparition of the dog laved its -blontcd limbs in our very coffee ! What is left for us to do? Nought, but to -fold our arms, and exclaim, a la Herald, " What are the police about?" — Correspondent. IIoiiartTown Adveiitiser. — Mr. Ed ward Abbott, tho -proprietor of ihc Unhurt Town , Advci'tiser , has offered Iris journal fur snlo, it being his intention shortly to pro ceed to England. The Mechanics' Institution.— A pro- position has been made for making up the deficiency in the fund for the erection of the projected School of Arts, by a contribu- tion of £500 from the Freemasons of the colony, they in return being secured in the exclusive use of the upper story of the building, which is to consist of one large room, sixty- four feet by twenty-six, and two ante-rooms of small dimensions. The pro- position has been favourably received by both parties, and as far as we can judge, it is calculated to be mutually advantageous. The Committee of the Institution held their adjourned meeting for the purpose of re- ceiving the Treasurer's report, and filling up the vacancies caused by the resignation of Messrs. Strode, Sutherland, and Murphy. From the report it appeared that a sum amounting to upwards of £500 was due for subscriptions and donations to the building fund, and the Secretary was directed to cause circulars to be sent to the members in arrear, urging payment of the sums due in order that the building may be com- menced without delay. The vacancies in the Committee were filled up by the ap- pointment of Messrs. Atkinson, Kerr, and Wilson, subject, however, to confir- mation at the general meeting to be held on Tuesday evening the 23rd instant. The following books have recently been presented the Library of the Institution: — School of Raphael, 1 vol., by Mr. O'Hagan; Thomson on Heat, Robertson's Works, Spectator, Treatise on Sheep, Biblical Annual and Geo- graphical Annual, by Mr. Worsley; Rogers' French Dictionary, Young's Latin Diction- ary, Scott's Demonology and Witchcraft, Buchanan's. Life, Polar Seas, Domestic Econ- omy, Jamieson's Mineralogy, M'Culloch on Rocks, Turner's Chemistry, Wildenow's Botany, Academic Annual, and Combe's Phrenology, by Mr. Westgarth. Burglary. — On Friday night, or early .- on Saturday morning, some miscreants -entered the stores of Messrs. II. G. Ashurst and Co. by means of false keys, but the . most valuable of the property on the pre mises being of a-btilky nature, and it not ' being possible to remove it without great risk, they were fortunately frustntea in their object. The only articles missed are two empty cash boxes, which the robbers no doubt looked upon as containing a 'rich ' booty, Darino Villainy.— On Friday evening Inst, a daring attempt was made to commit violence on tho person of a respectable funmlo, on the road to Netv Totvn and in the close vicinity of several habitations on t io Eastern Hill. The young woman had been detained by business in town, until alter dusk, nnd wns returning to her rcsi- dcnco at New Town, when she wns seized hold of by two men, whose approach she had not perceived, and whose language put beyond all doubt the nature of their in tentions. 1 lie ruflinns attempted to throw her down, hut liotweoiistnigglingand scream ing she managed to got out of their clutches, nnd >""dc (he best of her way back into town. I lie fellows must have known very well that they hud hut little to apprehend rroin the police, nevertheless the ntteinDtjit the commission ol so Uci1""'- - "" a spot so tn.,ch)freque..te|!u,(jj1'i''n( from q"j'.n?"",a "C()'nscquunces may be nntici lulled, if tlio ruflinns aro not detected in time to prevent further outrages. The Falls. — Tlio first fruits of Ilis Ex cellency's visit to the province nre beginning to exhibit themselves. The Dain at tho Falls is to bo forthwith completed, on n plan suggested by the Governor himself, and a notice has boon issued inviting tenders for tho supply of stono necessary for the eom- Action of tlio work. The bridge, wo believo, is to be farther up the river, in a line with Swaiiston-strccl, and the dam is to ho so constructed ns to afford a dry passage across tho Ynrra for foot passengers, excepting at the full of tho tide. House Stealing. — The crime of horse stealing, which may he said to be more pre valent in this province than any other serious offence against tho majesty of the law, is carried on most systematically. Tookcy and his companions, who wero originally from tho tniddlo district, carried on a regu lar trade with the Mnueroo country, where they had agents, who sent stolen horses hero for disposal. Since Tookey's gang was broken op, certain of the speculators in horse-flesh have turned their attention to South Australia, where "tliey doubtless con templated establishing a similarly profitable trnllic. Fortunately, however, as appears by the last Adelaide papers, the speculation bus not yet turned outa very profitable one, for the thieves lmve been taken with tlio booty in their possession, and will doubtless meet their deserts. The establishment of police stations on the Grange, in the Port Phillip territory, and on the Murray, in the Sooth Australian 'territory, will, it is hoped, from a cheek upoli this species of inter colonial truflic, ns well as on the depre dations of the Blacks. A Predicament. — Some one has wittily compared a Imt to cbaritv, since, like that first of virtues, it covereth " a multitude of sins;" and perhaps one of the greatest miseries (lint can befall a man is, when out walking on a tvinday day With a bat- either too largo or'too small, sly Boreas observes Iris predicament and claps on an extra-hand to his bellows. Away goes iris hat, and away goes he-after ir, cntclriiig-at-it occasionally with desperate energy and at the immi nent danger of falling on his tiyse; while tiro crowning ornament of Iris father's son is per forming innumerable gyrations 'in the dust. A«ny nnd atvay — ah ! it's of no'use, lriy'fino fellow— there I — souse I — and now he bas'tho pleasure of drawing a bran newChristy from out the .Ynrrn- -Ynrrn the best way he may ; bright alas I no ' longer; its dirty, w et and worthless nppeurance reminding liini of what it " once had been." Some of our fellow ' townsmen, more provident than their neigh- boius, luivo attached to their' lints sundry yarns ot TTUUoii, wiucti are either tied tinder their chins with an -air bewitching for its infantile simplicity, or, gracefully descending, are finally lost to the eyes of admiring be holders in a maze of button holes. A few evenings since, during the prevalence of n gnlo from the " sweet south," laden, not with' rich perfumes, but fine loainy dust, our utmost sympathy wns called forth on behalf of nil unfortunate wight, tvho, mounted on a fiery horse, was riding sharply against the the blast, I'uff — puff, went the old blus terer, and off flow the equestrian's bat; the horse was pulled up, his bend turned, and a smart cliasc enstied, which ended by the Imt making a lodgment against a stump. For tunate event 1 the equestrian dismounted, but — the horse started, and before he could subdue his steed nn envious blast dislodged the hat from its station, and it again gaily -speeded before the blast. And now ensued tlie most trying time— the horse, despite tho smart tugging -of the rider at tho bridle, unwilling to be "led by the nose," moved along with -extreme reluctance, while the hat kept increns'ing lite distance between itself nnd its owner. Tlifc bystanders scented exceedingly amused at the man's disaster, and an envious itiuriner of regret found vent when, lifter tbo lapse of some minutes, the bat wns blown against a fence, and tbo much-to- hc-pitied individual succeeded in regaining his property. Impudence Unparalleled. — At tit e Po lice Office on Friday last a man nnnied George rierpomt, whose face is a tolerably familiar one at tho bnr of that Court, was brought up on a charge of fraudulently detaining a watch the property of a person named Dalziel. The prosecutor on his ar rival in the colony in Juno last was a lodger nt the prisoner's house, nnd having on one occasion got intoxicated .the prisoner took from him his watch and '20 in cash. Part of the money was subsequently returned, nnd the remainder the prisoner gave his note for at three months date, but tho watch was not forthcoming, tbo prisoner alledging lie bad given it ton watch-maker to repair. When questioned by tho bench' prisoner said be had the ivatch belonging to the prosecutor in his house, nnd if the bench would allow him to go there in charge of a constable he would bring it to the Court. The bench complied with the prisoner's request and constable Crossdale was directed to accom pany lriin. On the tvay prisoner met with a friend who offered to treat him and the constable, and for this purpose the trio pro- reeded to the tan of Shaw's Hotel, where the prisoner observing that the son of the keepor of the tap had a watch in his pos session, took the lad aside and borrowed ir, promising to return it in twenty ininutcs. 'Having discussed the. treat the constable and Iris prisoner proceeded to the residence of the latter ; the prisoner telling his very complaisant guardian to wait outsi'" " went into the bedroom and -in minutes returned, having, as beanie, ' ; piished Iris errand. On their retui — U Police Office the prisoner was again brought up and very coolly produced the .watch-he had just borrowed, as the property of the prosecutor. Dalziel, of course, denied all knowledge of the watch, and the mode in which it bad come into the prisoner's pos-. session having transpired, the lad was exam ined and the prisoner was committed for trial, but admitted to bail. Receiving Stolen Property. — On Fri- dny last Major John, the Police Magis- «r a1i' '.cce,'ved 1111 anonymous letter signed Ai'riend to Justice," informing him that a nrgo quantity of haberdashery, &c.;, had been sold by the man Jackson, (the private watchman on the wharf, who tvas recently committed for stealing four casks of pork,) to n person named George Say, the keeper of the bar at the Royal llotcl 'public-house on the Eastern Dill. In consequence of the receipt of ibis letter and some corroboration information, the chief constable and consta- . , ,'er proceeded to Say's residence, "' .j'1 I"3 bed- room found a large quantity ol ribbons, laces, nets, See., which he admit ted ho had purchased from Jackson for'£25 cash. Say and his wile tvero taknq i"rv, — mv'-i.io Wuutving any. Air. A. 11. Hurt, draper, Collins street, who bad attended at the request of the bench, valued the goods at from £70 to £100, nnd stated that the ribbons were of a superior quality to any lie bad seen in the colony. Jackson tvas then brought up, and on being examined by the bench lie admitted that lie bad sold the principal part of the goods to Say. Under these circumstances the bench discharged Say and bis wife, but retained the goods in order to admit of their being identified. Among tho property there was some net wrapped up in part of a Port Phillip Ga zette, on which tvas written in pencil tbo name "Thompson," and on a piece of blue card the words" Sold all at a rattling price, hurrah I" — The following is a list of the pro perty in custody of the police : — French Crape Ribbon, marked ) — | o Bohbinctt « d ) Blonde Quilling, " ) a | 1G 9J Crape Ribbon, " ) a | G Waistcoats, (colonial made) Cans, Silk hand- kerchiefs, dollars, and blnck Collars, trim med with red, a double Capo of Bobbinett, vnndyked and dotted in the vandyke with pink worsted. Waistcoats aro of n dark cot ton, with a coloured silk flower. -Black silk handkerchiefs. — (It is supposed that these goods are the produce of some robbery in Van Diemcn's Land, sent here for disposal.) Skiuous Accident. — On Thursday last as Mr. Boyd, the Manager of the Union Bank, tiie Rev. J. Sproat and Mr. M'lviilop were riding in the neighbourhood of Messrs. Watson and Hunter's station, nt Heidelberg, Mr. Boyd's horse made a sudden jump in passing over a dead tree, and threw his rider, whose foot caught in the stirrup, and before lie could bo disentangled the bone of Iris leg snapped immediately above the ancle. By the assistance of bis friends Mr. Boyd was lifted on his horse and "rode as far as Lucerne, the scat of Thomas Wills, Esq., J. P., where a gig was procured, in which Mr. Boyd was 'brought to town to tho resi dence of Dr. Sprout, where, under the su perintendence of Drs. Janticson (of Western Port) and Wilhie, (Dr. Sproat being absent,) tlie Iriicturo was reduced. We are happy to state thnt Mr. Boyd is doing well under the medical care of Drs. Sproat and. Wilkie. The Supreme Court. — During the pro gress of the present civil term of 'tho Su preme Court, much inconvciriciico lias been felt from the want of punctual attendance on the part of the gentlemen assessors sum moned for the despatch of business. Qn Friday the business of the Court tvas delayed for nearly nn hour by the non-attendance of Dr. Martin, J. P., ono of the two assessors summoned. We are unacquainted with the causes which made Dr. Alartiu thus remiss in his duty, but we must s.iy that nothing short of illness could justify any gentlcmnn in pultiug the Court and the public to such inconvenience, for if the duties whieh de- volve upon gentlemen holding the Com mission of the Peace arc found to be incon venient, there is, (as the Judge would say,) no reason why they should continue in it. The Water Police. — Mr Latham, the clerk of the Water Police, William's Totvn, has keen suspended from office, nnd it is be lieved will he dismissed, having been de tected in certain mul-prncticcs which could not lie over-looked. (Since the above wns written Mr. George Lovell, late of the Ann of Lovell nnd Co., Elizaheth-street, has been appointed to the office vacant by the dismissal -of Mr. Latham.) New Export. — The man who in a new country first raises food for Iris fellow-men, is, we cordinlly agree with Sir George Gipps, a benefactor to his country. But there aro other men who in a new country deserve the title of publicbencfactors, nnd to theso men Sir George omitted to allude in Iris speech at the late public dinner: wo 'menu the discoverers of new itnd available com modities for export. Messrs. Arthur Willis & Co. hav6 this season entered into a netv branch of trude — new at least so far as tho export to England is concerned — we menu the exportation of the bark of the native mimosa, nr wattle, which as our readers are aware is much valued for tanning pur poses. It is somewhat singular that this bark should have escaped notice as nn exportable article heretofore, for even beforo the es tablishment of the province as it now exists IBU VullUVIIIUHBIMG IILIU 414 lliu IlltUib Ui sending over vessels to Western Port to procure cargoes of it, and during the first and second year of the existence of the settlement small quantities were sent to Lnunceston by the regular traders on their return trips. The wattle grows in abundance in various parts of the territory, and while labour is to be procured at a reasonably low rate we doubt not the ex portation of bark will yield a very remu nerating profit. The Act for the better Administra tion of Justice.— The first clause in this Act compels the Judge to refer any case to arbitration, tylioii such is applied ior by either of the parties concerned. In granting hn application of this nature' on Fridny last, his Honor said lie did not think that part of the Act would work well for the public. .Portland BAY.-r-The intention of starting a newspaper nt Portland Bay is abandoned for the present, the settlers iinving liiiled to come up to tlio scratch, and the projector declining to emlianc in so serious an under taking without some tangible security against the risk of loss. Water. — Wo have to congratulate the irihnhitaiils of William's Town on having at length obtained the prospect of a regular supply of fresh water. The punt bought by iVlg'ssrs. Bowden & Murray, nnd fitted up N.B.-viisks, litis been put into requisition, ikuid they now supply that town at unguvernge rate of fifty tons per week. The Willinins- 'toninns have -long laboured under the dis advantage of. a scarcity of good water, and the alleviation of this drawback will mate- rjally tend to their prosperity. Police Act.; — At the. Police Office on Saturday Inst, several persons were fined in the usual penalties for allowing their pigs) gouts, &c.;, to stray through the streets of Melbourne,-'' Licensing Act. — At the Police Office on Saturday last Air. William Evans, of the Btiildcrs Arms, Little Collms-itrect, was fined two pounds for a breach of the " Licensing› Act" in permitting persons to drink on his premises alter the hour of nine o clock. Air. Alichnel Lauibard, of the Prince Albert, Swanstnu- strcot, was also lined two pounds on a similar charge. RUNAWAYS. — Scarce a day passes without a one or more prisoners of the Crown being charged at the Police Office with abscond- ing. On Saturday Iast a man named Michael Manion was sentenced to receive fifty dashes for absconding from the Mounted Police station at Western Port, whither he had been sent to assist -- \--- sentenced to fourteen days imprisonment in the jail for absconding from the employ of Mr. Baxter. Caution to Deutors. — It may not bo generally known that by tbo new Act" for tlio bettor Administration of Justice" creditors aro empowered tocbargo interest on their accounts, if the amount owing shall have been previously demanded in writing. ' Pius. — A great number of persons tvero lately fined for allowing their pigs to stray through the streets of Melbourne, aid we bad occasion at the linve to speak favoirnbly of the vigilance of the constabularyin the matter. Tlio nuisance, however, is'.iot yet averted, for it is no uncommon tling to find numbers of these animuls jn the. back streets of the town busily seekilifc'fw g>wb- igc. On Saturday last, a child about ten years of age was attacked in Flinders-lane by a large pig, and but for the riuiol/ as sistance) of a person passing ot the time, there is little doubt the infant would Iuivc been seriously injured. ' 