To the Editor of the Temperance Advocate, Sir, — Permit me to solicit your notice! of the- following narrative, for the correctness <of; which v as it was" told me, I pledge myself ; while, front, my present acquaintance- with the individual .to whom the annarition appeared,; I am; enabled;.to vouch for tlie authenticity of his -relation, he being a person of unblemished veracity,: and of Thia jmppfJnfp wnnlrl: LvV/lvOV Ovll have been read at the spectral debate-on Monday evening last, had not there been more- interesting papers from ladies and others, from which tlie reader selected but a fewr not wishing; perhaps, to fatigue his auditory by the infliction of too- great a weight of airy illustration. Mine not happening to be among the " selectse e profanis," I have transcribed it for your pages, if you will!;, merely promising, that although ",de gustibus' non est disputandum," yet de ghost-ibus dispu- tation is at present exceedingly popular and no doubt I shall be favoured by a due portion of ri1- . dicule, which is a cheap commodity usually la vished on everything from which, the sneerer happens to differ in opinion, whether the subject -.' of his satire be religion, politics, sciences, arts; &c.; . A clergyman, who had' a son at college, narf rated the- following circumstance to me, which I have taken the liberty of' penning down exactly O i.1_ — IT P .. » J Tli /\ UATfAVAVl/1 n irom tne jips 01 ray menu. luc-icvcicim tleman, who resided in a village in England, ... about a day's journey from one of our universi ties, was lying in bed wide awake at eight o'clock one morning, his wife having risen before him,, and gone down to the breakfast parlour,' when a stranger, booted and spurred, splashed and dirty, having the appearance of one just come offa journey, entered the bedroom, walked up to the bedside, and withdrawing the curtains, 'stared at him ! The clergyman was naturally offended at such intrusion, hut not in the least alarmed, it being of course, broad daylight, and his house hold stirring, about tlie premises Not conceiving that anything of a supernatural kind was visiting- him, and rather sceptical on the subject of ghosts, he questioned the intruder as to his business, . who, waving his hand, as if directing to some thing afar off, and earnestly gazing on him, slowly departed, and closed the door ! The clergyman rang tee bell; arid on the entrance of a servant, dpmandpfT rathpr ancrvilv . whv a Stranger' had o V 7 - J ; o been allowed the freedom of walking into his bed room without intimation ?' The servans denied any knowledge' of 1 the visitor's presence, and questioned the other Servants as to their' s. 'Each stoutly denied having admitted any person whkt- .. ever that morning ; and the mistress- also 'corro borated the truth of their denial, saying, that no body could have passed' the parlour door to go up stairs, wi tliout her knowledge. Her husband was as sure of having seen the figure, as of the authenticity of Holy Writ, and nothing could dis suade him from immediately preparing to under take a journey to tee university, where his s'on was; having certain misgivings on his mind as to the welfare of that only cliikk Hie did so, and on arriving at the college gate; the porter shock: liTfi hoort-' nn/1 /ikwi w\ iiv\i rr\ f rtrt ' +'li a YV\'Aiiv»vi+nl' . iixo ucau, aim v,uiuiuuiiiLaicu lug umuimui niiti ligence of 'the young man's sickness! The father at once repaired to Iris son's room, in which lay the beloved object' of li is heart, wlio, ori per ceiving liis parerit, uttered a faint cry of-—" Up braiding father," said he, " why did not you re main with me yesterday morning ?". (This was the precise- time of the stranger's visit to the clergyman.) " Remain with you, yesterday morning, my son ! I have but just arrived from home," said the father. " Nay, sir," responded the dying youth, :" I 'told you not to leave trie yesterday morning." "'My child, you cannot be serious," replied the afflifcted parent. . " Sir;3 said' the poor lad, unheeding the remonstrance, V I had and have an awfut sebret to divulge—one which I sliudder' eVeii to; think ' of— bbncerning my eternal. salvatiphV.; /I had began itbpt;you. would ncit' steyy.o'u woul'ridf st5ayJteni. aiM; — and now I feel it is too late — too late. I am dying — God bless you !. and, father, bless my re vered mother 1" He sank on his pillow, and died. The foregoing circumstance was told , to his intimate friends by the respected clergyman, who i -didr-not pretend to account for the visitation; nor did he solicit any one to igive it crellrace. In ; fact, he was not forward in speaking on the sub- ' jeet. All he said was,— " What I have described, happened exactly as I have described dt — I had no idea of my son's illness; I was not even thinking oPliim. I am confident that I saw the appearance, and was not in the least alarmed by "it : no human accomplice was concerned. The spirit, (for such k'must have been,) caused me to j go to my son, whom I reached just in time to receive his dying blessing for Jiis affectionate mother and myself, to hear his strange affirmation of havingseen me the day previous, and to be- Khold him expire. "I have certainly regretted his not being spared to unfold the secret which lay so heavy on his heart ; hut it was God's will to summon him without doing so, I have stated effects, and leave to more learned-heads the task of unravelling causes." " Ah! sir," was the - writer's reply, '"does not our wonderful Shak- speare distinctly intimate the existence of super natural agency, when he says — "" There are more things in heaven and earth Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' " With - apologies for my first trespass on ttye 4 pages: of the ' Advocate.' T am, Sir, your obedient servant/ 1 J. DENSHIRE. -Sydney, 27th July, 1S41. 