vn*JEV GAZETTE. IIIURSDAV. JANUARY 21, I»41. l»-««»min«VCTPm»mm««Y-.ii -.?""" -1 41 Semper eadem," We subjoin to 'the following remarks some "itilerusiing extracts from (he Record of the 7ih September. Wo should have been happy to hive furnished our Protestant readers with, n full account of the trial in which the Church ol' Romo-was the plaintiff, and a Minister o the Cliureh of Christ thu'defendant j-but space will not permit of our so doing. It would appear that the Rev. Hugh Stowe!1', A. SI., of ¡Manchester, read at a public meeting . a paper giving a description of the degrading pe- nances to which ignorant Romamstsaresuhjected hy tho'Pope's priests. Sir. Stowell disdaining to 1 bring general 'charges against so - numerous a cluss of It is fellow mortals,-mentioned the name \- of a certain ptiest, who had imposed certain jienancos, upon certain parties then living. VThe priest instead of refuting the charge in the same -~«ipen manner in which.it was brought, has re * course to a court of law to vindicte, his cha- racter. He filed a criminal information, anti \- obtained damages to the amount of fohty shillings! the jury no doubt not estimating t the priest's character at any higher value. ' Mr. Ftowell will move for a-new trial, and ' then it will be seen that ha- not only stated un- deniable truths, hut witnesses h ill be produced to prove that- scenes in 'their nature filthy, cruel, and obscene, are periodically exhibited in Ireland every year, and that these scenes . and the actors in-tliom-are the '-disciples of-the Romish Church. We sometimes henr of tho "debasing influ- ences of the Hindoo or Brahminical Creed . compte the worst features of the heathen superstitions with those so lucidly exposed by Sir. Stowell and others, and the enormities ol Brahmanism full into insignificance. The wor .shippers of Kahli, Vishnu and Jagernaut have no knowledge of the Gospel ; their religious traditions are written (like those of the Church of Rome), in a dead language, and of these only, certain select portions aro allowed to be translated, inlo ihe vernacular tongue. Of them it may be said, " they have not so much as heard, mh ther there be an Holy Ghost." We can appeal to persons living in this Co- lony for the truth of the statements made in the several letters we have transferred to the co- lumns of this journal. No one who has re hided any time in the provincial districts of Ireland can be ignorant of' the fact, that at certain periods of the year cerlain penances are performed which compel the penitents to crWl mi their bare'knees, round certain hol/\ ivo'lx, np certain crapgy rock«, and into certain linly lukes and that these ablutionary penances are performed bj- old and young, of both sexi's, and tlwy in a state of uuiliiy. Yi's, we main- tain that the same degrading superstitions that disgraced the Church of Rome during the palmy days of prosperity, still continue to dis crace her, and to renderhcranobju- t of loathing to every well regulated mind. Where lies the difference between the practices of the Church of Home during the tenth century and the present? We-caw'point out. Since the Reformation, education has become more generally diffused among all orders of flociely, tho children of u well conducted mcbhatiic at home, receives in the present age, a much better education, than the children of the nobility did prior to the re- formation, consequently we'tfo not now see the daughters and wives of our Popish Nobility visiting holy wells-hermitages-sacred crosses, &c.; ..When this class of theconimuniiy was as ¡norant as the poor peasantry of Ireland still are, the fortnerdidas the' latter still do-""Ig- norance-is lliQ parent of devotion" is au axiom of the Doctors of-the Roman Church-and great indeed must bo the ignorance of the poor infatuated people of rhe lower orders oflrcland, who, willi tho Iight-of truth «surrounding them upon every side, still continue to cling with the pertinacity of maniacs to the practice«, which the more-educated classes 'of theirown cutumu nion repudiate and condemn. ' We dwell upon these subjects,"because-we dread the idea of their being introduced into this Colony. We do so for'ihe express purpose of keeping alive in the breasts of -our readers, an undying opposition to Popery. We do so that noefF.irt may be left-untried to divert *the stream-of Popish Emigration from our shores. Our readers will -find-in the last Record a full report of a trial in which ibu Rev. Mr.Stowell, of Manchester, was prosecuted by a Re uan'Ca holic priest; for a libel con- tained in a document which Mr.Stonell read 'o n Meeting called.io oppose a longercontinuation-oT tho Cot-eminent grant lo the College-of Maynooth. Wo are not sure that wo regret the -issue of the trial. Hi wevor it may give the L.borah and Popish press the appearance of n-momentary triumph, when the question comes to be decided on ils real ninnis their dot'eul will only be the more remarked and memorablo As the case stands new, Mr. Stowell, acting under -the adt-ico of his counsel, did not produce the-witnesses he Tail ready in court lo prove the tru'h of the facts he had staled to the Meeting-, and the jury, bv the direction of the- Judge, retu ned a vordiet for >tho plaintiff, with d.miages of-forty s Ii llitigs. This alone-waa sufficient to »bow wliat opinion the jury b id of the merits of tho case; and as they wore obliged 'to' find that technically a 'libel heil been committed,'the amount of damages, Bcarcely nore than nominal, mutked their sense of the-frivolous anil vexatious su t of Hie plaintiff. Bul tt hat are the real f.icts of the case Î Thoy are highly instructive. We publish a letter of Mr Stowell's, show- ing through ivbnt im.d vertency it was that the Roman Catholics gained even this temporary advantage 1 he new trial, which will be-moved fur at the commencement ofnext term, by allowing Mr Stowell to produce evidence of the truth of the asi-ertions be mide, will destroy even tbe forty shilling viotory, of which-the-Uoiusm Catholics are so vain-glorious. Mr.'StoweXsuys, tha-contrary to bio own judgment, ho yielded to theudviceof his counspl, who thought it unnecessary to prove that the fact he mentioned at the Meeting had really occuned. * lu tl.is he showed himself much luo-o versant in the genius of Popery . than his learned advisers. 1 hey did not supposs it ponbible, whether a poor Roman Catholic had or bad not-been found undergoing penance by crawling on his knees by night on the streets of Manchoaler;.that atrattempt weiilil be made to disprove that such penances havo been-and are sanc- tioned by llie-I'.omibh Church and inflicted by ils priests' Hail they not the knuwledge which every wall eiluciled Englishtnnn has of history, the documents we publish to-day, from well-informed persons in Ireland, could leave no doubt irvthcir minds that such penanc-s are every day resorted to by'the RotnUh priests. 'I be-mistake I hoy made was in forgetting that Poperv adapts itself to the circumstances in which it'finds itself; that what it glor es in and exults at in Itaty and Ireland, becomes a libel when said to bo don? in a Protestant country. We regret the additional trouble and'expense that this oversight will occasion .Mr. Stowell. In every oilier ré- sped it in not undesirable that another opportunity should be given -for a furtherexliibilion of tho -nature of Popery It will thon be shown, by unimpeachable evidence.'rhat the facts really occurred, as s'aled, and that the Popish priest only cwnmitted the-error, tvheu acting oti the prin- ciples of his Church, of forgetting that b.9' was npplying thetn in a Protestant country, and not in that of his hirth und education. . The following is Mr. Stowell'« letter : " Sir,-As much misappiehension prevails in reference the case in n hieb I was involved ut the recent 'Liverpool Assizes, will you oblige me and serve the cause of truth, by allowing me, through the medium of your jouinal, to assure the public that the document which-1 read ut a public Meeting in Manchester, .und which constituted tiwi ground of trial, was neither fiction nor forgery, and that I was a little deceived as deceiving in giving it | ubheity : 1 hore are at leuat four credible witnesses who are pre- pared to authenticate-tho narrative in -every particular. I hese were in coutt during tbe time of trial, besides a number of witnesses reudy to prove that the imposition of degrading penancea upon her members is alike the princip'e and the practice of the Church ot Moma. Why, then, it will naturally bo asked, was not all this evidence adduced i There, Sir, there waa the fatal mistake : my distinguished counsel Consulting the action to be, as it in reality was. utterly frivolous und vexatious, declined altogether calling witnesses, and rested his defence mainly ou a point of law. 'That point the Judge so determined as toleavo the jury no alternative but to return the verdict which they did. Deeply do I deplore the course wh cb was pursued, and which was contrary to my judgment and wishis However, ive, bave abundant room as well as reason to move for a fresh trial. 'This will be done with as little delay as possib'e, and ihen, if the Eord spare us, the fullest evidence shill be laid before the public. Till then I would entreat tlu-ra to susptnd their judgment oo tbe case. " Eet me just add, that had I omitted the priest's name in the narrative which I read, there could not have been even the shadow of a pretext for charging me wiih defa- mation but I thought it more manly and straightforward to give ibo document as it stood, pledging myself io »Hurd the Romanists opportunity to test its genuineness, should thoy require it. Of this promise thev might'have peace- fully availed themselves, hut they chose rather to make no application to me on the subject, save through au attorney's letter. "".I am, Sir, your obedient servant, ' " Huon Stowell." STATEMENTS IN REFERENCE TO THE PE- NANTE ALLUDED TO IN THE CASE OF "HEARNE «.STOWELL." (From the Liverpool Standard) The following »tatémenla in reference to this importan case have been banded to us. We have no hesitation h i giving them publicity, especially erroneous impres-ions^ arc abroad respecting the nature of the aleged libel and the'cir- cumstances und«r which the Rev. Hugh Stowell ha' been proieedei) against. The subjoined statements of facts, re- spectably anihenlicated as they are, will throw-considerable light upon the practices of the Komish priesthood, and tend to exonerate the defindant from that degree of culpability which an imperfect knowl tige ol the facts of tlie case miitht lead many people to attach to his character. It was intended that the testimony of tboie gentlemen wini? names will be lound below should be nubjuilled lo the judge and jury on the trial, but for some reason they were not called upon to ¡¡ive thi-ir evidence. If ibe following evidenct had been ad- duced »e fiel convinced that the cate would liav« as-umed a totally difk-rent was fully justified in stating that such ada of penance as crawling on the hands and knets on the public roads or e'ro.le ate by no means unusual in the Church of P.o.ne: SrATrMlKTS, &c.; I have lived in various parts of Ireland, r-s a curate of the Church of Cod established in that land, having had charge of par she« in several diffe ent cou tithe, and in two d.fferent provinces, during a ton'.inuous period ef more (han t«n y mi, tm.,»>JW»i,*iilLJii.>*imnftimwnjM'j»i*iinwfBaM»Maai 'have.witneastd.in va'ious parts of the county S igo, of the colliny íilayo, and of the onunty Clalway, many hundred pets ins members of the Chu eli of Rome, in the art i-f per- forming, petiaucig precisely simi ar to that ihsciibedin the paper-stated to be malicious oulibt'Ilous. 1 have seen miny liiindieds of women, near my own residence, drawing up the:r pullirca s around Ihe lower pa.it u( their peiEoas »o as to ixposi- thu legs and the things natci'd, in the presence ul luttidr ds of men and women, and then probating them- selves, and crawlini on Ibeir naked knees und one baud, and then bidding up their clothes willi tho n-lier hand, and lint ciawling-around-what aie railed ho'y wells or station«, lill Ihpir knee« were pxenriatud by the gravel, or by i-harp stones, and the Mund streaming alo'ig their legs. 1 have also wit- nessed m my hundreds ol men in the act of perfonniuj a «¡indar foi m of penance on Hn-ir bare or naked knees, til 'the b'nnn I flowed from their wounds. 'I have frequently conveistd willi tbo- ie pera tis, and iii ey alw.iy» ile* nbed and never hesi'aled to describe-such peiui.ee« as imposed nn them by their respective piiesls, the piiestB of the Church iif Home: and I have witnessed these petformanres actually piacli'-ud in the county of Galway, in the'front of the parish priests windows, at t-v ty lion» of the day, and on eveiy day of the .neí-k fot Juma wee1.« lottethei-so as illa' it must have been nioially impossible but that the priest must luve bad personal knowledge of ihe fac : and I b.ive convened .wbh a pri'St arid at.other member* of the Cbuich of Home in'Iteland, and ihey baie as-erted to me, and have ar.ued against me, that such practices, though leasrileü hy me as tegrading and indeceut, me not only sanctioned by the priests, but-arenlso a usefufkind of religion, suitable fur sa s:inple and ignniant a population as that residing in the au- ral il¡«-tricts of.lre.Uml, as bein* incapable of- appreciating any thine: better. The«e practices in the moil degiddin-j and debasing way, and in the most gro-sly indecent form, ure of mich constant recurience, that iii-y are a matter of universal notorety in tho-e dis'-iicl» ; fur on some occai-ion?, as on the season called Lu ly-day. and in some placel, as Balla and Croujb I'atiick, and others, of which one was, only a few hundred yaid« from my residence, lhere aie no1 less than many thousand peisatis peí finning such penances in thecuuise of the year. M. Ilrmstr Sevsiouh, ALA., Curate of »t. George's .»ouihwark. I was in the yiar 1836 a curate in tho diocese of Tuarn and at-a-distance of about seven miles from any residence, there was a st.ition for the pet formalice of penance, al which' I attended for the purpose of ascertaining ihe character ol' the penauecs there pe.firmed ami llieie I saw hundióos ot men, women, arid childicn, on their bare knees, traversing hist a sharp gravel walk, aud afterwards a churchman! covered with rough digs unevenly placed. -I saw the flags ? smeared .willi their blood, and I saw the Hamish priest pf ¡ihe paiish come into the station, supuerintende it, and pocket the money-paid for k-5-.ing a wunden crusifix held up by a servant of the priest. This was in the open day in a public and populous village, about twenty-miles'front the Popish VrchbLliop's'iesideiice, and persons from paúsbes-nt least fifty miles distant »'tended, having been sent by ibeir priests. I have also seen oilier penalices fully as levultiug and de giading os that said io lVive, been enj.iined by Mr. Haine iu Manchester, prac iced at holy-wells in' Ireland. Urab-znn Ellis, Miuistcr-of St.-Paul's Chu'cb, Burselera.Suaotdsaire. i I, the Rev. Wm. B. Stoney, saw at Baal, in the country Mayo, in 11 eland, on Tuesday, the lilli of Aujust, 1810, two women doing pen.inco ; they crawled over tne stones and (»ravel of the chapel-yard on their bare knees ; theyappeaitd to sufTer great loituie; one of the unhappy women held^ stiing of beads in one hand, with the other she en leavounil to kcep-her clotber from gelling under her bare kueiB-, tie sharp gravel aod stones musl'have lacerated her kneta. Tnere ate two rude monuments round which the Romanilla who do (he penance run miny times barc-foo:ed, iepe»tuig over, .' Hail,- -mary !">&c.ive.; ' ' On Saturday, I ho l5ih of august, IBt >,-I sa-w on fie mountain of Croa¡»h Patrick a number of Romau Calhuliss doing penance. 'There were, as appeared to me, more than thirty peieuns. ! saw one person who was.respeefablydfeJseJ, c awl on his bare knees along the rough and sharp stone»; he cralled thus along a pissage into a rude chapel or ctiru of stones, wit'i great suffering and torture, endeavour!^ io suppon himself with a stick and help to relieve the weighiof h s body. ' I saw at ihe same time s.-ver'al others on their bare knees, and many running bai<-!'ooted round the top'of the mountain, about.-100 yards of lugged-rocky grouid. One poor neamre bad herfeU so swollen, that she could lot put on her bouis, for Elie was a well-dre-sed and re.-peCtaUe jnoking'i'eison. Mie tiled, bul failed, sod was obliged t.igo duwnouhci Uno fee'. Some of the poor dévoies complaiied of the tortitie ; they said the stones and gravel penetiied into their feel ; llie.y go' fifteen times ruund the top liEie footed, or once bare .kneed. Pcnunct.-ili.ers have their chuce, tiley repeal seveu ave», 'even palen1, and a cieed before tkey begin, nod ou concluding, on ihiir bare knees. Some of the devotees told ins that some time bl fire a Ro- man Catholic pi ii 3i ivja on the mouutuiu-peifoiuuid service there, and went through a station. There are two stations fur penance (going tip-and down Ihe mountain one on each side), where s radar rounds are to be gone through, and pe.nai.ces perfo.med on the bare knees; the ascent up to the core or top of the mounl.iiuis exceedingly labo'ious and dith'cult, being two mtles ofip hill, rugged, and dislresciug. W. Baker Stoney, B. A., Hector of Ct.Etebar. Ireland. I do here certjfiy, tiiat 1 have lived in Ireland for twenty five jeais.and am lutiin.ittly acquainted with the working of Popery, and have witnessed those practices which are simi ar lo that staled to be libellous aud malic Oas in the t'i.il of .' Hearne v átowill." On a visi lo the town of Westport, in the we t of I'e'and, I was induced lu go to see the tar-famed Craigb Puiinl, uh re penanie ii performed daily lo make sali-facton for sin. Un the nee -sion alluded lo I accompaiiiej a pilgrim (a per-on from my nativa town) to the top of the mountain, wheielsiw the aforesaid | ilg im engaged ia'the perform- ance of penance, »bull coiikii ed of going once round ihe circumference of the lop o' the mount lin on bli-ed knees, or Gf ten tiroes ba'ofiio' ; > lie former ra ide ofdoinu penance was on ibis oocasion adopted by "the pilgrim. On ii y inquiry into the object of his. penance,. I was informed that in iloing this penance she was dischaigiii' an Obligation ¡inpued on her by her piiist on the event of her reoji-eiy from sickn-as Thal the bove-menrotied pil^tiin did undergo this infliction ou bared knees, I was and um ready to ceti'fy on oath. J. can also'bear testimony to my having frequently seca the Roman Catholics dt Ireland engaged mille, piactice ofdoiug /penance at une of the so-c&l; ed holy wells iu Irelau 1, where I have myself seen them in huudieds going round the well, in the performance of mch penance, on bare kueei, often- times kissing the ground over which they were crawling, and on the completion of the proposed duly [ have seen the pilgiims 11 these wells leave a piece of rag tied lo a tree, as a memorial o*i their pilgrima.-e. tí. Fitigernld Galaker, I). A" Cura'e of Weavehara. 'I o(B -iated as a'v Roman Catholic p.¡est in the town of Toomavira, coun^'Tippera y, Iieland, for nine months. During the dischaige of my public ministry in that part of Ireland. I have seen Roman Catholic men and women, of thal town and paris, do penance within the w.jis of the chapel of that town, crawling on their bauds and barekneeB, until the blond actually trickled to the ground. In conjunc- tion with the Romish priest of tint parish, I obliged ten or twelve mea, R man Catholics, to do public penance in the open air, barefoot and ba eheaded, fur s-x consecutive Sun- days, tor having met on a Sunday morning to decide an old quairel with an opposing patty. In thai parish of Birt. King's county, Ireland, whete I o'fL-iited as a Rom mi Catholic prie t dining six years, I witnessed similar scenes, and sutjected both men and women of thai parish to penance within the wal's of the chapel, until the blood trickled down to ihe ground I have witnessed Roman Catii lie men and women perform public penance at St. Shannon's Well, Dron.iss, c hands and baie knees, on a hard pebby ground, until the blood trickled to grouuli. I have heard of similar public penances performed by Raman Catholics at holy wells in Ireland, where the pries's ore in the habt of attending to hear the confesni'ins ol' these vo'aries of Honish supersii l;on, and to receive moneys lor such confessions. I have never heard Roman Catholic priests condemn or raise their voices against such abominable practices, 1 have seen a late relative uf mine, a H oman Catholic priest, bring several of hislparishiouers to the chapel, ban foot and bareheaded, in white sheets and w;tli large stomg on their heads, fur having met on a Sunday morning lo decide as old quairel. These public penances are a part and parcel of I'opiry. The-e scenes are uf such fuquent reen ence iu Ireland, that even among Protestants they excite no astonishment or surpiise. As a witness on the part of the defendant at the late trial at Liverpool, I most sinceiely regret I have not had an opportunity of making this statement. MICHAEL ( ROTTY, Protestant Curate of Noibury Church, Hasal Grove, Cheshiie. Sir. Gould, who has ju«t returned from Australia has discovered, and described befjre 'the London Zoological Society, six new species of kangaroo, inhabiting the interior of that country. Some of them'are of a very remarkable formation, and the entire uunher forms very 'nteresting additions to the specimens ofthat most curious Huimal previously known to the zoological studeDt.-The ¡Ucard, Sept. 7. . j 