MORNINGS AT THE POLICE OFFICE THURSDAY. Mary Taylor, an Irish lady, residing in Watch- orn-street, appeared with a miserably cut face, having been confined by constable White, for amusing herself at 4 o'clock in the morning with crying ' murder,' in the public street. As it appeared she had been previously beaten by her husband, she was ordered to go about her business. Elisabeth O'Neil, in the last stage of human degradation, was again brought up for drunken, ness and obscene language, And fined 5s. Mrs Hannah Mims, a lady having one eye straight, and the other looking obliquely over the bridge of her nose, with an elegant limp in her gait, and one Samuel Curler, were charged with gross indecency in the public street. They pleaded guilty, and were very properly fined £5 each. Carter paid the money, but Mrs Hannah Mims failing therein, was sent to the Female House of Correction for 3 months, with permission to amuse herself at the wash-tub for that period. The cook and steward of the schooner Prince of Denmark complained that Mr Smith, the master of that vessel, refused to pay him 7/ 15s, the amount of wages due to him. Mr. Kelly, (he owner of the vessel, took an objec ion to the proceedings, asserting that the complainant, being cook and steward, and engaged specifically as such, could notsue as an ariicltd seaman. ' Come, come, Mr Keily,' said his worship smiling,' that is rather too good, coming from you, who have had so much to do with shipping, and must know that every man from the first mate down to Jack in the dust, are all articled seamen under the Act.' ' Didn't know that," said Mr Kelly. ' I never refused to pay the man,' said Captain Smith., ' When he demanded his wages, I told him I would pay him when he accounted for a quantity of meat that was missing.' On investigating this mutter, it appeared that the rook had,contrived to maktt away with 24lbs of meat in 3 days, with a crew of 3 men. 'I his seemed so rery odd, that the parlies were directed to arrange the matter eul of Court. FRIDAY. Margaret White was charged with being drunk. ' I was not tipsy,' said Margaret, ' though I had something to drink.' Constable Adams deposed that, seeing the woman reeling about the street, he went up to her, when she seized him by the arm and vowed eternal fidelity—that is, that she would never leave him. Finding her attentions troublesome, he endeavoured to take her to the watch-house, when she became so obstreperous that he was compelled to call assistance. In de- fiance of this, Margaret persisted in her story that she was not tipsy, and the watch-house keeper was called. She was not tipsy, but beastly drunk,' said Mr. Stoker. ' I never saw a woman in so degrading a state in the course of my life' 'What do you say to that ?' said Mr. Price. ' Why, I've only got to say, ' said Margaret, applying her apron to her eyes in the most approved style, and adopting the persuasive whine, according to the most modern improvement. ' I have only got to say as I was tipsy.' Oh! very well,' said his worship,' but you might as well have said so before. Pay a fine of 5s.' 'And 2s- costs,' said the clerk. ' This way,' said the constable. The door opened—in charge, said one, two, three different voices, and all was over. Mr. Andrew Donnellv, the celebrated Maitre de dame, was charged with cutting capers in the public street, under the influence of the spirit. ' I certainly was after taking too much to be sober,' observed Mr. Donnelly, and paid 5s. accordingly. Mr. Thomas Swindler admitted the fact of being tipsey but denied being drunk. The Bench ruled that the Act recognised no such distinction, and fined him 5s. ' Mary Kemplin were you drunk' ? 'Yes if you please sir.'—5s. 'And you Lawrence Vaughan'? ' Oh I was drunk and no mistake' said Mr. Vaughan. ' Then pay 5s. and no mistake' said his worship 'That I can and no mistake' observed Mr. Vaughan, and departed. Thomas Nichols an amorous ticket or leave man. was charged with living in a disorderly house, and cohabiting with a female assigned servant. He admitted knowing the Gal, but nothing further on his word of honor as a Gentleman. Here the constable produced a variety of ladies apparel, found on his bed and in his box, which he declared had only been left to be washed. ' Perhaps these were left to be washed' said the constuble, holding up a pair of ladies' slippers—I found these under your bed—and this night dress on the pillow.' This settled it; and he was sent for three months to the roads to cure him of his ardent attachment. George Fredrick Rhodes, a ticket of leave shoe maker, was found residing with a free lady contra bonos mores and the regulations affecting his class—for which he was ordered the benefit of country air with exercise on the roads for three months. Several shopkeepers in Liverpool-street were fined for exposing goods outside their shops. Henry Mansfield an asugued servant to Mr. E. M'Dowell, was sent three months to the roads for being found secreted in an out house un the premises of John Dobson, Esq., last night, and being unable to give any reason for being there, John Hawkins, a flash sort of gentleman, a hired servant to Mr. Wilson, the brewer, was churged with drunkenness and neglect of duty, He admitted having taken rather too much, but declared it was the fumes of the vat that had overcome him. Mr. Wilson said that would not make a man drunk, although by remaining too long in it he might lose his life. ' Yes,' said the defendant, ' it is only a little ago you had to put life into a man with the shovel, after coming out of the vat.' The precise method of performing the operation of resurrection by the means of a shovel was not explained, which is to be regretted, as by the statement of the defendant, in the case alluded to, the man had been dead for two hours before the 'shovel' was resorted to, Hawkins was sent to study -houses at the rolotory academy in Campbell-street, for four days, and to pay the costs out of his wages. Patrick Bury was charged with stealling a quantity of locks and hinges, out of the shop of Mr. J. T. Waterhouse. He was pursued and taken with the property upon him. Fully committed. Charles Matthews, an assigned servant to Mr. Wilson, and an incorrigible drunkard, was sent to the roads for six months. Mr. E. Moore, one of the coal contractors, complained of'his assigned servant John Charlton. This was a very paltry case, and very properly dismissed. Constable Stuher, appeared to answer the complaint of constable Parkinson, for neglect ol duty, who failed to substantiate the charge which appeared to be somewhat ol a spiteful nature, and very properly had to pay the costs, the case being dismissed. If Mr. Park served iu the ?ame way it would be an advantage to the police. SATURDAY. ' What back again V saiil Mr. Piice to a J.idy who appeared at the rail, with a bewitching simper on the countenance. 'I am indeed,' replied the lady, ' and very sorry I am for it.' ' Dare say you are sorry for being here,' observed the magistrate, ' but you never think of these things when you are getting drunk.' It's a long time since I was here afore,' said the lady. ' Just three days I think,' said the magistrate. ' Oh, a deal more than that I assure you, sir,' observed the damsel, and if you'll look over this, why, it shall be a long time afore I come again '— 'What, try another name, eh!' said his worship, 'that is the way with you now—but it won't do—you've rather a particular face, and I've seen you so often that I shall not forget you. Go about your business—no one appears to prosecute you.' The lady curtsied and was out of the office in quarter- less no time; and her dress had scarce cleared the door when a short punchy constable made his way slowly into the office. It was quite clear that this gentleman was averse to put himself out of the way for, Hamlet's Ghost never paced with more ' solemn steps and slow' than this knight of the baton and handcuffs. He came—he looked—but spake not. ' Well,' said Mr. Price, looking at him—still he was silent. ' What do you want ?' added his worship. ' His the man that confined that ere hooman as is jist gone hout,' said another, but more loquacious constable. ' Oh he is—is he ? said Mr. Price, lay an in formation against him for not appearing to his charge.' The silent man looked aghast and seemed about to speak, when his worship cut him short with— ' Bring in Betsey Bryant, and swear constable White.' Both orders were obeyed in a twinkling. 'Betsey, a little shrivelled old woman, bobbed, and constable White kissed the book in pledge that he would tell the truth—the whole truth—and nothing but the truth This part of the ceremony ended, (and by the bye, it is not a very solemn one in the P. O.) White charged Betsey with being an idle and disorderly person, found begging almns, and having no visible means of subsistence. 'Well, what or it?' said Betsey, 'I never steals nothing.' 'Perhaps not,' said his worship. 'I can't work,' added Betsey. ' If I recollect right you were in New Norfolk Hospital once,' said his worship, ' and would not stop there, (Betsey nodded and bobbed simultaneously). There's no drinking there, that's it—I've known you now about 5 years and a quarter, and am sure there is not a greater drunkard in this Colony—very few who can equal you—you are about the worst character we have—you and Mary Ann Jarvis are a precious pair.' Betsey received this long complimentary speech without blushing, and was at its conclusion directed to visit the sisterhood of the suds at Cascade for a couple of months. William Pender wus charged with cruelly beating his child, a boy of nine years old, on Saturday last. Mr. Blackhall deposed that he was the boy's grandfather, and having been in formed of the cruel healing the child had received examined his person, and found him bruised from head to foot as if he had been beaten with a large stick, in a manner that he should think no parent would correct a chiid ; and that when he spoke to Pender about it he said he would beat him so again before Mr. Price's face. Mr. Price remarked that the boy had been stripped in his presence, and was one mass of marks from his neck to his heels. No person would beat a dog so. Lucy Gray deposed that on Saturday last she heard the child cry, and was told by her husband that Pinder had beaten him; she went out, and heard Pinder call the child; he said' father, for- give me ;' Pinder called him a scoundrel;, and or- dered him up stairs; the boy at first refused, but on being threatened, went. Heard the child's cries afterwards in the house; there was no one' else to beat him but Pinder. Mr, Rowlands, for Pinder, crojs^fxamined this witness to show that Pinder had" complained of the conduct of her and her husband,' Fiddler Grey,' but she denied any thing of the sort. Dr. Officer deposed to. tiavjn^ examined the child on Wednesday, and finding several marks and bruises on his body, which might have been caused by a beating with a small cane, such an one as shown him by Pinder. The braises were very superficial, and in his opinion were more from the nature of the instrument, than from the severity of the infliction. Pinder told him he beat the boy for stating falsely that he had bbeen at the Sunday School two successive Sundays, and other falsehoods; had known Pinder several years, and believed him to have great affection for his children. The punishment was not so severe as it looked to be; and although no advocatc for corporal punishment in any case, he did not think that supposing it neeessary, and the statement of Pinder as to the boy's offence to be true —he should not consider the beating to be unduly severe. The case was postponed till Monday, for the evidence of Gray to he procured. Mr. Constable Walters laid an information against a man named William Thomson, for very indecent language, and Joseph Jones was called as a witness, and from his testimony it appeared that Mr Thomson met Mr Walters, and called him a 'd—— humbug.' Mr Walters bustled at this, and asked Mr Thomson if he (Mr. T.) knew who he (Mr W.) WJS? Mr. T said he neither knew nor cared, and Mr W threatened to put Mr T. in the watch-house if he did not use better language. Mr T. (then taunted Mr. W. will) being a 'b ——trap,' and said he (Mr. T.) hnd never been in a chain gang. Mr. Walters here observed that as to chain gangs, or any other gangs, he had no practical knowledge of them whatever, no more than his right honourable friend Mr. Thomson. The magistrate here observed that there was no indecent language to sustain the information, and therefore dismissed the case, warning Mr Thomson, not to insult people in the street, or he would be compelled to find sureties for his good behaviour. Thomson insisted that Walters had a spite against him, and some recrimination ensued, in which a bottle of rum said to have been stnlen and found under Thomson's pillow, was jeferred to, but ihe true history of this affair did not transpire, and Walters had to pay the costs. BOBAST TOWS GMSTIB. Friday, November 26, 1341. COLONIAL SECNETANY'A OFFICE. Thomas Welsh, Esquire, having received ths appointment of her Majesty's Attorney General ior Van D emen's Land, and having arrived in this colony, was sworn into office, and received his Commission accordingly. The Lieutenant Governor has been pleased to nppoint (pending her Majesty's pleasure) Thomas liorne, Esquire, to be Solicitor General of the colony of Van Diomcn's Land. The Lieutenant Governor has been pleased to direct thot the severe* Parishesof Eastbourne, Glastonburv, and Avoca, heretofore forming part of the suh-police district of Avoca, shall in future be included in, and form pari oftbe police district of Couipbelton. The Lieutenant Governor has been pleased to direct that the present sub-police district of Avoca shall in future be called the sub-po.'ice district of Fingal, and that such sub-police district of I'm . al shall comprise the whole of the district heretofore known as the sub-police district of Avoca, except, ing the parishes of Eastbourne, Glastonbury, and rocs, now included in, and forming part of (be police district of Compbellon. The Lieutenant Governor has been pleased to appoint Mr, John Jones at Pound keeper at Loopford, vice Mr. Kitkham. The Lieutenant Governor directs it to be notified that the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonies has intimated in a despatch dated 10th May, 1811, that her Majesty has been graciously pleased to approve ana confirm the under mentioned Acts passed by the Lieutenant Governor in Council, in the months ol August, September, October, and November, 1840:— No. 3.—An Act to repeal an Act passed in the eighth year of his late .ifnjesty King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act for the prevention of Fraud in taking Goods in Pawn," and to make regulation for the preventing fraud in t' e taking of Goods in Pawu, and for affording an efficacious mode of Redress to those persons who may be aggrieved by the misconduct of Pawnbrokers. No. 4.—An Act f.ir enabling the Government to secure a Sopply of pure Waterfor the Town of New Norfolk. No. 7.—An Act to provide for the attendance of Jurors on Coroners' Inquests. No. 9.—An Act lor adopting a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the first year of the reign of her present Majesty, intituled "An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with resoect to Wills." No. 11.—An Act to provide for the Enrolment of Powers of Attorney of the Van Diemen's Lend Company. No. IS.—An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to Apprentices and Servants. No. 14.—An Act to amend on Act passed in the fifth year oftbe reign of his late Majesty King William tbe Fourth, iutituled "An Act for the Extension of Trinl by Jury, and to regulate the Constitution of Juiies." No. 15.—An Act to amend an Act passed in the second year of her present Majesty, intituled " An Act for apprenticing the Children of the Queen's Orphan Schools in this Island." No. 10.—An Act to amend an Act pasBed in the first year of her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to make provision for the Support of certain Ministers of ihe Christian Religion, and to promote the Erection of Places of Divine Worship." No. 18.—An Act for amending an Act passed in the third year of the reign of her present Majesty, intituled '* An Act for making, erecting, and maintaining a Bridge across the River Derwent in the township of New Norfolk, in the County of Buckingham." No. 20.—An Act to facilitate the recovery of Possession of Tenements nfter the Determination oftbe Tenantcy within this Island and its Dependencies. No. 21.—An Act to give validity to certain Acts done by the Registrar of the .Supreme Court between the twentieth day of December, 103Q, and the first day of March, 1859. No. 22.—An Act to amend the Norfolk Plains Bridge Act. No. S:>.—An Act for ef losing to this colony a certain Act of Parliament passed in the first year of her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend an Act oftbe third and fourth years of his late Majesty, intituled ' An Act for the Limitation nf Ac- ,ions and Suits relating to Real Property, and far simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto.' " No. ST.—An Act to amend two Acts relating to the recovering Payment of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes. No. S3.—An Act to simplify Proceedings at Law or in Equity by or against the Van Diemen's Land Auction Company. No. 31.—An Act to give effect to an Act passed in the present Session of the Legislative Council, intituled " An Act to amend an Act passed in the 5ih year of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled ' An Act fur the Intension of Trial by Jury, and to regulate the Constitution oj. Juries,'" No.33.—An Act to regulate Trial by Jury, and the Constitution of Juriei in Critniual Cases. TITI.E nr.EOS. De«ds of grants in favor of the under mentioned individuals are now ready to be issued to them on payment of the amounts now due thereon to the crown- Lands Granted. J Bisdee, 1555a Winterton; ditto, 399a 4r ditto; D Fullerton. 288s Longford ; J M'Leod, 38p Launceston; J Bisdee, 4s Hobart Town; P Oakden, 58a Lsunceaton J J Bisdee, 500* .Monmouth; II Paterson, 390a Lincoln. Lands Sold. J Bsyles, 640a Arthur's Lakes; II BUton, 300a York j C O Parsons, 300a Brushy Plains; C Howe, 140a Melville; W Harrison, 3B3s Maxwell; J taake, 086a 2r Windfall Marshea; J Ford, 100a Gleoarchy; W S Sharlsnd, 304 Argyle; J liaylet, 630a Arthur's Lakes; R Ailwright, 101a 2r Pelham ; W Harrison, 185a Maxwell; C O Parsons, 