EXCERPTA FIJNERARITe. 'CharlesI, surnamed the Iiartyr, Tihird' sonr6fKinrg James'1, and An'ne his queen, the daughter of Frederick F~, ;King of Denmark, became the 63d, m0ofiaih of Enzlan'd on the 27th of March, A. D. 1627, and was styled "Kiingof$Gre?rt Britiin,' France, in'd Trelandi, Defender of the Faidth, &c.; He was: hon: at Du?imfei-ling, in Scot londd on:the19th of Noveihber, A.: D. O Flis: great debility and- iveik ness 'at his birth, led those 'about him: to suppose that he, would'. not s rvive 'hisiiifancy;' consequently he was. hastily,christenedon the -23d iof Dlecemnbr. following. (Spottisuvoode)'. In 1602 he was made Duke of Al ban;. In '16401he-wascreated Duke of-York, and Knight ofthe bath, with much solemnity. A -sword was girded on his aide; a coronet of g6ld Was placed :on lHis" ifant headI, and a goldenri irge in.hislittle haind. (Sanderson). A public, dinner. ,was. given. on the occasion in 'the great chaitiber of -the piilact ; there was I ne taile sprea'd for the young duke and "his:..eamstnlanddtuLthtler 'for his Afllow" Kniglits- of "the "Bath. "'At ighta quecn's masquerade washul'd. ii. the bhanqqeting-hiiouise. ,A P. the lnioer deid of the.rooiri a great' engine 'fias erected. thatset moriition sea lnorses and monstrous;fishes,. which were.rode by MVIoors'; 'but unortunate Iv for the completion of thie.spectacle, there,.was no water.. At-the,'further eni, of the:room there was 'a large she llin:the form ofa scall?iop Whereini were li'aced.four seats, whihi were occupied,- v the queen-mother and ten-.of:'dle'ladies of her- cdurt, wnose beau as, ~. is i?not' alw.ays tile case, ya' ..utse?nn.by that of their silk and satin -attire.; for their faces were e~lipsed, not:by veils', as inow, which tend: eitheir to heighten their'beauty, orf to.-shade. or conceai less fortu niat fedtures ; nor weree they set behmidd ,:vizards, (or .dominr '9) tbe 'iue. of • which, parasols 'when abroad, a, nd. lucent and green wid??w shades, :. are . dell kinown.-in these days somet rtes to supply.; ,-but -a fictitious "colour was given. not of roses and lillies, wnich the favouiites of Dame Natture re joice in'. but sable iis that of Japan; their .faces, and .their arms up to their elbows, being blackened with varnish sufficient to disguise them, and to render theni like unto Moors, and at the same time to defeat.the possibility' of identifying their persons. What 'a happy compromise ! the most de-. termined coquetts passed without being deserivedly quizzed, aind -all-the old maids freely passed muster; as it is said if the latter, some blushing. some smiling, some more merrily did at open :windows' on a recen'tjoyful occasion, in a city, not far off. As for the royal stripling, he did-not grow in strehngth with his-years, for he was 's6 weak in body till the ,seventh,. that jihe was'often compelled to crawl upon his hands and knees. Once when he ras' waiting with' .the .iest of the court fr the. appearance of the King his father, his brother Henry, the Prince of Wales, catght up the cap of' Archbishop., Ahbot, -and jocosely popping it upon Chaides's.:head,,de clared he would, if he' were a good, 'boy, some day make Min richbishop of Canterbury, that he might'wear a -gown to hlide the symmetry of his legs. (?Perinchief.)' In his eleventh year, Charles was made Knight of the Garter; and on the death of his i brother Henry in 1612, Duke of Chrnwall :. aiid in' 1616, Prince 'of Waes., PassinQg oier the gacity .of \--itterveming years ,have anow fo ..;. . the year 1623. to relate as a pretty piece of royal gallantry, as seldom has been equalled. It was early itn the spring of that year, and long before Niay- born flowers,those blos sorns one-does so love to admire, the well known beauties of Flora, appeared; it' was when the banks of the lane in the valley with mantel, though gay, were only with pale primrose and wild anemone decked ; and on the 17th of February, that Prince Charles quitted -the court, and retired unobserved to Newhall, iti Essex,.at that time the splendid seat of the most high and noble Duke of Buckingham. The Prince and the Duke having agreed to assumeother names, and false beards, presently crossed the Thames ~at Gravesend. in Ketit; here an occurrence had Well nigh discovered their secret embassy and arrested their journey. For want of silver, they had given the ferryman a golden piece. Although the door man was equally astonished and grateful at so much liberality, his 'suspicion was roused, and humanityexcited,that his benefactors were proceeding with intent to cross the channel for the. sinster object of fighting-a duel ; hebtifbious thought therefore, the:kindesti'step he could take was to hint hii .suspicions to the authorities 'on the. road. Ac cordingly .information was instantly despatched by hin to the mayor of Canterbtiry-; and: just as the Prince and ,Buckingham were about . to mouu fresh .hirsip they were sumtmoved' inii tho p sence of that Important perso'inap ~; 'The Duke finding concealriednt impracticable, divestqd himself of his beard, -tnd privately- informed the-mavor who he really was; he was going, .he said, in his .capacity df Lord High' Admiral, to acquaint himself secretly with the cbndition and discipline,of the 'fleet. His identity was easily proved, and, tfhe. d'eureturer?s were allowed: to?depart. Bistop,who .rode post with .their baggage, .had.also "recognised, their persons, but .the silence of this individiual was' not very difficult to be bought, (lielqiiae Woftoniae). A t 'Dover 'they were joined:by' SirF'rancis Cottington and Endymion Porter, .who had been despatched'beforchaudi to pirovide a vessel for their conveyance across the channel. Thee party, which increased to-live arrived in safety at Boulogne whence ?they rode ..post to 'Paris. (f4lilson).. At"Paris, they remniined a whole day,the and. Prinee and, Buck -inghbam, 'in order to disguise their features still more, provided. theim selves wi'th per.wgs. Trusting to 'this, furthe.rdisfigpremi, nt, they con tri~-et, tlii-oug.?.Treiib .li 1olitenness, anritd the fact 4ff b'ig~ ,£traiigers, to obtain a sight ohfei?~F,'rench queeln 'mother, M.17tr: de dMedicis, at dinaer. The' ,same cv-ening they were: spec tators ofI ii. nlaskedi ball at court, where all tlie beauty of the gay *Parisian mtnetr6d0olis. was preseat ahnd there 'Charlies . first .beheld the. fair .Princess 4.whom' he aft-e;wai'ds niarj ried;' arinl the : noble Bti?-kinglnni' that. ybouig. fascinating, iand 'lighht hearted lQueen whoim at' a .later. period he dared ton address is a lover. (Reliq ,diae?. Wottoniae).. Not hing. oc cured after . till the travellers nearly set'foot ripon Spanish ground, wh.en' their progress. again .was upon -the point .'of failing, and certain-, 'ly :would have en. - arrested'. had '.he staid t. i a little . time longer at Bayonne,;the last: town:in theI French ternritory. for M. :Gram mont; the governor, had o notice' .of ttihe Prince indt long" after he had taken post. "(Lowe'el'Letters).. Chitr Jes had been stibjhect to an examiiinan tietn at"Bryour ebh'0re he quitted, but the. rank' of the .adventurer was thin unknown to the governor, is was after acknowledged by Gram mont to the English ambassador at the French Court. The Prince and the Marquis of Buckinghanm ar rived at the Spanish court on the evening of Friday, the 7th of March and alighted at the residence of the Earl of Bristol; here the Marquis (who had .-hitherto,..assumed :the name of Mr. Thorrae 'Smith) enter ed first,with a portmanteau under his arms presently the Prince (the ' soi dieant Mr. John Smith) 'was senit foir, who" had as 'yet remained a while' on .the other side of the street in the'dark;(Dalrymple's Memnorials). A Lti'ERARY Lsr~i--Sirauige :the coiitrdist betW een tie writer's' actual sittation and the one he creates ! I1 haye been writing all. my .life, and even now I do noqt uideirstahd ,ithe faciilty of composition'; but, this- I do know, that the history of the circumstances undrr .whichi .lifs?, Sbooks are.writften-wouild be a most frightful picture of lr mnian suffering. Hdw often is the pen takeno upi when the hand is unsteady with re cent sickness, and bodily pain is struggled against, and sbmetimes in vaip! How often,.is thel page writ ted. hurriedly and anxiously-the mihd. feereed the .wile bV' th': cooi ?'i " ,. ' " + + .· · ' powers; and yet a certain quantity of work must be completed, to meet the exigencies of that poverty which: has no other resource! But there is an evil beyond all this. Wheti the iron of some s'ettled= sorrow : has entered into the- soul--- whi .s6ie6 actual image is predominant:even"in the world of imagination;, and the thoughts, do what .you- will,, run.: in one only channel-compo'sirion .is then a perpetual struggle, broken by the one recurring cry,; 'f Hast thou found me,- oh 1. mine! .enemy.? Something. or other-is for ever bring ing up .the one ildea. It .colours every day more and more -thee crea tions which were conjured .up inthe vain hope to eseap~ from it, fI can not write .to-day," becomes, more and more the frequent exclamation. It is, I believe one of those shadows' which deepen ' on' the' miild as' it approaches to'its close. It is-a newt and a dreadful sensation to the poet," when he finds that -' his spirits .d'b not come' when lie does call to.them"' or that they. will. only-come in one, which makes him cry, "' take' any sha?e but that." It is a new sea 'satiou'to be glad of any return of ,power, and a most painful one. AUTUMN.-It was an unusually mild and lovely evening 'that they were loitering on the banks of the lake. The sun was, just setting-a conqueror he went down; for every cloud that had flitted 'about during the day now gathered on the west, mantling, with crimson and gold. There was something triumphal in the rich colout'ing that arrayed everyi qbject.' The vivid green of the oaks stood out more distinct amid the scarlet of the sycamiore and'the yel Ipw of the thyme, together with the rich brown: that was. covering the chestnut. The grass, .too, of , the pari was in strong contrast to, the purl)le heath that clothed the dis tance, only broken by the blossom ing furze, which intersected it like a golden sea:' a faint perfume came on the air, more stuble ,even than' Ihe' breath of:flowers; it was like the last sigh of falling leaf,, that flitted by noiseless as a- ghost.. To me there "is. no -season so 'lovely as autumn. There is a gaiety 'about the spring with which I have no sympathy: its perpetual. revival' of leaf and bloom 'is too _great a. con trast:to the inner world, where -so many. feelings -lie barren, and'so man'yhopes withered. 'There, is an activity about it,. from which- the 'wearied spirit 'shrinks; and a joy ousness, which but makes you turn' more sadly upon .yourself ; but about autumn there isa tendder mnelaiichly inexpressibly' soothi'ng~ ' deiay is around, but such is, in your own heart. There is a langour in-the air which encourages your own, and the ioetry of memliory, is in cvery.?droop-. ing flower, and falling leaf. The very magnificence of its Assyrian array is touchdd with 'the light of itiagination : even while you watch: it,.it passes 'away as- your brightest hopes ,have' done before. 