. THE GOOD OLD CAUSE. AN LECTION BLLAD. .,, (From the Tablet of June 20,18)1.) Hurrah; hurrah, for the good old canoe ! 'i "aastirrigsound-tohoar; - h ., a ; ForiLt tells of therigltsand franehises.. Which our fathers bought so dear: It brings ns back to the ancient times, When like valiant men they stood, 'To sprinkle our infant liberties " With the baptism of blood; • Whilst mailed baron and mitred priest Came riding o'er the fen, To wring from the tyrant's palsied hand .. -The charter of the ree! - It brings us back to the glorious day, . When the proud Queen did not dare To upheld the great monopolies In spite of her people's prayer: ', It briogs to us Eliot's dungeonroom, To the spot wherei Hampden fell, And the scaffold that echoed the noble words Of Sidney's last farewell: It summons the ghosts of buried men To receive our fond applause, And bids to tread In the steps of those Who died for the good old cause ! The good old causo ! It is still the same, , Though parties have changed their hue; 'Tis the cause of the right against the wrong, Ofthe many against the few ; . 'Tie the cause of all that would dwell at peace On'a free, untointed sod; Of the poor, that weep in their foodless homes, Of the people and their God I We have still the bravo old work to do, And the selfish hate to dread Of slaves that once would have forged us elhains, And now would deny us bread I The good old cause! it has champions yet, Like those who have passed away; The barons of Runnymede all are dust, But Fitzwilliam lives today ; And iberty's oak still waves its boughs O'er the Howard's rich domains; And the old,heroic martyr stream Still flows in a Iussell's veins; And our Queen is with us-the bright, the fair . And around her throne she draws The p?en that will stand, with heart and hand, In defence of the good old cause ! But, thanks to the chiefs of the olden time, And the laws which in blood they wrote, We need no weapon to crush our foes Bare the freeman's honest vote; And whoever burns with a noble pride At the sound of England's stame,. And would scorn to barter his countrys weal For the sake of wealth or fame, But would rather follow the red-cross flag Where the storms ofbattle roll, Must prove that he comes ot British race At the hustings and the poll ! But the coward slave (if such there be) That would sell his birthright now, For a flowing cup, or the chink of gold, Or the smile of lordiing's brow May his neighbour shrink from his proffer'd hand, As though it were soiled for aye, And may ever woman turn her cheek From his perjured lips away; May his country's curse be on his head, And may no man ever see A gentle bride at the traitor's side, Or children about his knee I And some will menace, and some will cajole, And some will entreat with tears; We have scorn for threats, andlaughter for lies, And pity for Idle fears: We look on our vote as a solen n trust, For a mighty purpose given, And will answer the use we make of it We have no les stake than the proudest peer In our eountry ahnd its laws, And a single voice may incline the scale To the side of the good old cause! AL?'?id m n n - 