the new" Gaol.. St range k ! shall we take a walk and see one of the wonders of this wonderful Colony,, the: New Gaol? We can. chat as. we- go along, and it is a sight worth seeing-. As we pass over this little bridge- in King 'William- street, fancy reminds, you- of the bridge of Sighs,, for you have- " A palace -and: a- prison. on-, each- hand.'" The reproach, of die mother country,, that ahe builds her prisons like- palaces, and' her palaces like prisons, will, not hold good here : the new Government house posses ses baronial dignity, and the Gaol with its sordid wall is sufficiently forbidding. . The cross road to connect the South Head Road with King William- street, is- a work of considerable labour when fi'nishsd many may be forgetful- of ' the- dell which bad to be- filled . up> and1 the amount, of materials used. It brings to memory- tlie inscription on a road stone in Scotland : — "If you had seen this road before it was made, You would lift up your hands and. bless Mar shal Wade." To reverse tlie bull we see the road before it is made, and a fine road it is. By this route we arrive at tlie "Court House, a solemn piece of cold masonry to impress, us with the inflexibility and. majesty of law. We may admire the Cburt ITouse, it is a chaste piece of architecture, and in the style suited to a climate which rivals that of Greece. We need not enter the build-- lug, it is only necessary to observe, .that it is likely to be as inconvenient as Courts- of Justice usually are,- and that it. is hope- fully small. Not so the Gaol, to which we now pass, it is ample enough;. fearfully so: it yawns like Charybdis, and threatens to engulph within its capacious -area, hun dreds of our fellow men. It is substan tially built, and is a Panopticon : that is, all things can be seen in it at one -glance : all. things to the bare exterior of humanity, but the inner workings of the soul must remain a mystery. This Gaol vies with the celebrated, one at Maidstone, in, many particulars ; there are -features common to - both. The most striking- coincidence is. in the character of the- culprits ;. they are- the drift wood front;, the. torrent of intoxi cation. You have seen, perhaps, the spring floods o f the Alps ; when pines are slowly moved along the slope, and are- then dashed down, all torn, and shat tered to the glen- below : even so these, were first gently urged by the delusive fire waters, and are now hurriedly cast- as - wrecks of humanity in this receptacle- of. woe. Some have - floated, further, to the ocean, and lie at its bottom.. And some of these may get another lift, and yet be car-, ried on to. bottomless .perdition. . To cease, from metaphor,— at Maidstone you meet with the victims ..of jerry shops and public- houses ; here you have the refuse of the English gin palaces, and . colonial stores, and sly grogeries. Now this prison is a wonder, there is nooccasion and great oc casion . for it.:, it is an anomaly, it ought and ought not to-be : it' ought either" to be- diminished or enlarged. "From the present state- of ' things, vast as it is, it may yet become too narrow; There are near a mil lion gallons of spirits> in. the colony, enough to vitiate;- the- -whole population. Let Charybdis grow as large as the Maelstrom, to take in all the- vessels approaching its vortex.. Let the executioner prepare for his work — the victims are- hastening, as in fatuated1 sacrifices, to the Moloch of the age. Let not Britons rail against the sail-- iguinary Juggernath,, while tliey bend, the- : shouldeiv to the- car of intemperance, as it rollB- over the- liccks- of their brethren. Last Friday,, two lhurclerers were executed within these walls. How many members of Council, magistrates, spirit-merchants; and spirit-dealers,, attended the fearful spectacle;. I-: know not :: hut' unless the- for mer could say with, a clear conscience that they had done their best, by precept and example, to restrain- intoxication and un less the latter resolved to sell the accursed ,, liquor,, no more>methinks, they must- have turned pale;. I wonder who holds the price, of this blood in his pocket, the paltry /pence tinged with.. tliegoiecf- orie -of four' human beings. Stranger ! there- are men who traffic in spirits,, though, the- ghosts of the murdeied and their murderers walk the earth. While spirits hold dominance; gaols and gibbets must multiply. On the other hand, these walls might enclose a mart, and these buildings become warehouses and halls of. industry,, and our gaol might be reduced to the house of cor rection, if diabolical spirits were annihi lated. The crop of crime produced by man-'s-.natural depravity is. hut one twen tieth of what you now-- behold;, the other nineteen parts are raised by intemperance. But for intemperance, no fellow-being had .been launched into eternity last week. Perhaps you know- regenerated Ireland ; . strange to - say; ..Australia has small compas sion for herself," and! though the- scorm of other lands, takes- little pains to wipe off the stigma which- lias been; put Upon her. A Society has-been formed, to deprive the, hangman of his- office — to give the Judges the-joy of maiden assizes, .and to keep . the gaols empty ;:yet the colonists prefer cattle associations, and clubs, and' subscription races to Ahe support of such an excellent Institution.. Stranger ! large gaols, are wonders, greater monuments of human fatuity than of human crime; There are vacant gaols-in Jamaica, and- tlie tread-mill rusts .onats -axle. T>he pledge of Tempe rance-is a. treaty of oeace with mankind. Z. 