THE BLACK TOM CAT. part ii. " In a quarter of an hour the pump sucked, and we all hastened down below to our grog- and the completion of our yarn. As soon as we were all comfortably seated as before, Dick recom menced. f£ Well, we were abreast or Malta, when the weather, which had hitherto on the voyage been very fine, changed. The clouds hung down very heavy, and there was every symptom of a fierce gale; and sure enough a worse gale I never was in than came on that niglit, — and such a sea! — the ship rolled gunnel under, for the gale was fair, but the sea ran so high and so fast, that we expected to be pooped every minute. It was about midnight, whep the rain came on in tor rents, and the wind, blew fiercer than. ever. I was on deck, and so was. the first mate, and another man at the helm, for we were flying right before it, and she was hard to steer; '"We shall have.it worse yet,' said the captain. " ' Miaw /' was the reply; so clear, so loud, we could not tell where it came from. I thought it came from the maintop. "'Mercy on us! -what was that?' said the first mate, the light from the binnacle showing his face as pale as a sheet. " ' Miaw /' was the reply from somewhere. " ' The black cat, by all that's blue !' cried the captain. "'The Lord have mercy upon us, we're all gone!1 said the mate, clasping his hands in terror. To clasp his hands, of course he let go the wheel ; and the other man, who was equally frightened, /had not strength to hold it. Away he went, right over the wheel, knocking down the mate on the other side ; and the ship taking a heavy lurch, they both went into the. scuppers together. The ship broached to ; and our main mast and mizenmast went over the side." " Do top that glim, Bill," said one of the men,- in a tremulous voice. Dick paused while the snuff was taken off the candle ; and the water went tap, tap, tap against the bends, with a most melancholy sound; I really did feel rather queer myself. Dick continued, — "Well, all hands were on deck immediately; and it was good two hours before we could clear the wreck, for the men were disheartened. They had heard the loud miaw when in the fore peak, and declared that it was close to them"; and the passenger and Jim came out, frightened out of their wits. They had heard the miaw, and said that it was from under the cabin table. At last we were clear of. the wreck, and the wind roared louder than ever. " The captain was a stout-hearted fellow, and as the men were collected together under the bulwark, he said, 'Well, this breeze will shorten our distance at any rate, and, if it holds, we shall soon be at Smyrna.' "'We shall never see Smyrna !' replied: the second mate, his teeth chattering. " ' No, never V cried the seamen. " The captain sent Jim down for his rum bottle, and gave every man a stiff glass of liquor, and that made them feel more comfortable for a time.; when there was a sort of lull, and again the loud miaw was repeated. " ' There it is !' cried the men ; but they hardly had time to say so', when the ship was 'pooped with a tremendous sea, washing away the stern and quarter boats, and sending all the men swim ming forward. So loaded was the ship with water, that she stopped, and appeared as if she was settling down. At last she rolled heavy to port and discharged it, and away we went before the wind, faster than ever. Well, there was some talk among, the seamen of throwing poor Jim overboard to appease the ghost of the cat, for it was he who had thrown the cat overboard. But the captain heard what the men were- saying, and he swore that he would knock the brains out of the first man who laid hold of the boy ; and he sent Jim below out of harm's way. Poor Jim ! how bitterly he cried, poor boy, when he heard what was going on. " Well, it's a long lane that has no turning, and no gale lasts for ever : the next day it mode rated, and the day after the. weather was quite fine, and the sea had gone down. We recovered our spirits, the more so, as we heard no more of the cat; and having jury rigged her aft, we steered our course with a light breeze. We were now but a short distance from Smyrna, and hoped to be there by the next day ; but the second mate shook his head; he said, ' The. cat. has not done with us, for it was a black torn cat/ « The fourth day the captain came on deck, and said, ' I heard a great washing of water in the run last night, as I thought; have you sounded the well lately ?' '" No,- replied the first mate, 'I left that to. the carpenter.'- /il ' Well, then, ask him.' Well, the carpenter had not sounded the well, as "it appeared ; and so he sounded it immediately, and found that we had six feet ivater in the hold. \ " ' I knowed we were doomed,'- said the second- mate ; ' we'll never get at port ;l and so thought the men ; hut the captain said,-— "' Why, the fact is, my lads, we must have- sprung a legk in the gale, and no wonder, beat- ;.ing against the wreck so,, as we did when the. ifnasts went over tlie side. Come, rig the pumps, and we shall soon clear her. The torn cat has. nothing to do with this, at all events.' " Now you see pur bottom cargo consisted of two or three tier of crates of crockery, which; would not spoil by being wet ; but the upper part of the cargo was bales of dry goods and linen,, so, the captain was very anxious that they should; work the pumps before the water gpt higher ; the weather was very fine, the sea smooth, and the wind, although fair, was light. Wei, the. seamen were terrified, and thought they were lost ; they asked for liquor, and refused to work;- at the pumps ;. they said it was no use, the ship was doomed. Well, the captain he got very angry, he went down into the cabin, loaded his ' double-barrelled gun,, and swore that he wpuldj shoot the first man through the head who refused to work at the pumps. The men knew that he was in earnest, for he was a violent sort of fellovy, and so they set to. We didn't gain mucli upon, her ; I thought we did a little, hut the; men. said no. The captain declared1 that. we did gain con siderably, but it was supposed that he only said so to encourage the people. Well, the captain ordered the mate to take up the hatches, that fiiey might see the state of; the cargo; This was.;, done; the dry goods, as far as we. could make out, were not injured, and the men pumped spell and spell until' the evening, when, the captain, gave them a good allowance of grog, and an hour . to rest themselves. It was a beautiful moonlight - night, the sails were just asleep and no more ; hut the vessel was heavy, fyom the water, in-, lier,. an d we dragged; slowly along. Th , captain, who,, had gone down below; with the first mate, came, up from the cabin, and said to the men, ' Now, my lads, we'll set to again ;' when suddenly there, was a loud, melancholy miato I which terrified us all. We looked from whence the sound appeared: to come; and there, on the launch turned over amidsliip, we beheld the ghost of the black torn, cat, so large, so black, with- the broad moonlight . shining' on it ; and so thin, it was tlie skeleton, of the cat, only it looked as black as ever; its: hack was humped up and' its tail curved;; and as„: it stood- out. in the broad moonlight, it did look, twice as big as the original cat, which was the biggest I ever saw, Well, the men actually screamed ; they ran aft, upsetting the captain, and mate, and rolling over them and- hiding their faces, with ' Lord have mercy on us !' and ' God forgive our sins!' and 'Oh! we're lost, we're lost !' and every sort of crying and groaning that could be thought of. At last, the captain gets, . up from under them in a great rage and looks forward to see what was the matter, audi; there he. sees the ghost of the. torn; cat. standing just in the same place ; and- it gave another miserable miaw P ' Why,' cried the captain (who had his grog on. board, and was as brave as brass), ' it is the. horrid cat himself. Stop a moment.' Down he- goes to the cabin,, reels up. the hatchway again, with his double-barrelled gun, and lets fly at it"= — (here Dick lowered, his voice to. almost a- whisper) — "the catgave a shriek — and then — " Here, during the pause, Bill put. out, his finge: and thumb to snuff the candle, but his hand shook ; and he snuffed it out, and we were all left in darkness. lean hardly describe the feeling which appeared to pervade the whol.e of our party. Every one was shuffling and crowding with .their shoulders, but still no one moved from his place. "Well," said Dick,. tbe narrator, in a qiiiet subdued voice, "why don't one of you go and fetch a 'light? Come, jump up, Bill, you topped it out." , - , "Ay, ay," replied Bill, evidently shaking, u where's the candle ?" . , " Here," said one of the boys, handing it to him. "Well, then, jump up yourself, you young whelp, you're younger than me !" ' " I didn't put it out," replied the hoy, whiping. " Up, immediately, or I'll break every rib in your body," replied Bill. . . The boy, who was terribly frightened, got up at this threat, and began to ascend tbe ladder; he was about three steps up, when we heard, from the deck, a horrible miaw ! tbe hoy gave a scream of terror, and fell down on his hack among us all, smashing the glass and flattening thetin capj| against the men's legs, who halloed with pairif At last there was a dead silence again, and I could plainly hear the loud throbbing 01 riiore than one heart. "Come," said Dick again, "what was the fool frightened about ? Look for the candle, some of you!" At last Bill found it in bis breast, broke in 'two, and half melted away and was proceed ing for a light, when tbe carpenter stepped to the hatch with his lantern and said, " Why, you're all in tbe dark there, shipmates ! Here, take my lantern." I may as. well here observe that the carpenter had been listening to the storyr as be sat by the hatchway on deck, and it was he who had favoured us \Vith the miaw Which had so frightened the bdy. . , As soon as the lantern had been received arid the candle relighted, Dick recommenced. " Well, my lads, . I said that tbe captain went down below, broiight up bis gun, arid let fly at the cat, and then- — well, and then — tne cat gave a loud shriek, and falls down uppn the deck. The captain walks forward to it, takes it up by the tail, brings it aft, and .shies it among tbe men. . . . . " ( There, you fools, ' said he,- ' it is the cat himself; vvill you believe ypur own eyes?' " And sure enough so it was ; for you see, When Jim tumbled overboard, it being then dark, .and we so busy with Jim, we did not look after the cat, and so it must have crawled up tbe cable arid run down into, the hold, while the hatches were off; arid all that noise heard aft must have been the brute chasing tbe rats, I suppose: Jim may have beard, but lie could not have seen, the cat; that Was all fancy and fright. You know iiovv long a cat will live without much food, and so the' animal was pretty quiet after it had killed all the rats. Then when the gale came on rind the upper part of the' cargo fetched way a Jittle, for it was loosely stowed, we suppose that it got jammed now and then with the rolling, and that v made it miaw ; and. then, when we took off the hatches to look at the cargo, after we had sprung the leak, the cat o' course came out, rind a pretty skeleton it was, as you may suppose. Now do o.u understand the wliole of it ?" ... " Yes, that's all blear," replied Bill, "and it Was no glipst after all ; but still the cat did do mischief, for if the niate had not been frightened by it, he wouldn't have let go tbe wheel, and tbe masts would not have gone by the lee." " That's true enough, and lie rriight have done' more mischief still if the captain bad not shot , hi'.ii ; for the men would,never have gone to the pumps again; hut when they found out that it was nothing biit the cat himself, then they set to, and before the next evening the vessel was clear, and only required pumping out every two hours, for the leak wasn't great, after all. So there's a ghost story, for you, and I believe that all others Will be found, like mine, to end in moonshine. Now suppose we turn in, for we shall weigh at three o'clock in tbe morning." We all tumbled into the standing berths in the fore peak ; I dreamt of black torn cats all night. The next morning we weighed with a fair wind: , as before, I stood beside Bramble, who pointed but to me every thing worth notice or memory as We passed ; but at last the motion affected me so much that I could pay little attention, and I re mained by his .side as pale as a v sheet. We rounded the North Foreland, and iong before dark anchored in the Downs. Bramble went no further with the vessel, the captain himself being a. good pilot for the Channel. A Deal boat came alongside, we got into it, they landed us on the shingle beach, and I followed Bramble up to his abode.— -Poor. Jack. 