MISCELLANEA. LACONICS OF THE DAY. THE PRESENT DAY.—With mauy it is synoni* wous with forfierl}-. Not so with me.—])i-r- set. FUICIDC.—A man who takes it into liis head to seek happiness in the next world, rather than try bis fortune in this. He who kills himself, may be compared to the servant that 'eaves his master hocause he cannot obtain his wages.—One <f the Whig Disippointed. Pninp,—A barbarous usurper, exacting everv tbinp, excusing nothing, suspecting tilirnvs, and punishing inces<nn!ly. It prouounces only terrors and would behold only sluces.—The Ghost of Durturn Trru A TrrrE—ICrery woman that grants one, becomes its victim.— Afri. A'. QCM K.—An itnposter, who grows rich hencuth ibe shade of contempt.—SirJ. C. Perm-.—A little figure, which serves to set great ones off to an advantage.— To fie scon nc i'imlic't. i Goon COMPANV—An assemblage of persons lired f,( exislencn, who tndearnur to make time pass ?ess ledinusly, by ntuusing tbemseires with talking: nonsense when they have exhausted their stork of calumny and ilander.—Lady U.'t Convcr i it ion. 'I ALRVR.—"When a woman teils yr.u that such a man h is <»irat talcutt, its very wrong to touch.— ) t U,hj II. Monr.riTE MAN.—One who believes in Goi] mi l rondi'tun* no one.— I!7:,) is in find him 1 TVSTIMONY.—An act nearly always suspicious, because it is influenced by the )v.issi\ins or partic.ul.tr TWS of lii'u who gires it.—Tie Ghnst af Jemm If,ml. IVnuc OPINION.—The sovereign of the world, whoso decrees art* erecuted in a manner somewhat 6low hut nlwaya a 'f, J'u l-lic opinion isalivavs in the same direction with public interest. Consult the population, and prosperity of vour ports, see if your trade is brisk, (md if voar shops have custotners, and your inns arc full: this is a inucti better crileriOQ at public apiuLu tli.ir. jnurnats speeches and aJthvssts.—John Black. THIIONE.—Tlie titrufi ofTHE ireuk Prince, in whic lie is laid by liis ministers. The hod of the nlnptious Prince, on n-liicli bis mistresses s'ifle liim tvifii flowers, ltis the Gruiseatonly of a goad Prince.— 11'ellingtMi. Pi'itiiATonv.—Tim constabulary police of the other world, £spe.iiiin;j " Pjpistica.'lv."—John WHals, AlAvirscnirr.—-An article f.i'tr'irr.lcd u: a verv small expense, but retailed to the public at a very liifrJ) price.— Bubcer. Pnnnir.AT..—A madman who, liplitinp his lamp at mi;! day, finds liis oil estinguislied at night,—T. Duiic.tir.iic. FAISUIOOD.—A rice tbat requires sacrifices and grimaces, and by which nature is continually immolated at tbe shrine of.— Uihridge. PnnrcxmY.—Tlii- is what munv authors pretend to, 'i'Jifir works are like t!ie catacombs, deep, darh timl empty.—J. It. J/cmuti Tn I T; nr:.—A place to which people professedly po to be amused, but where the roqueite £roes to seek nervous attacks, the journalist articles, the author hisses, the idle materials for discussion, and the r.iuj food for slander.—Loril Allen (iooo Nm - nr.-—A quality that exposes its poi- Fnssor to ridicule, and someti3ie3 to contempt.— Si. AIIkuu. Ap.i.iTHAi:v LAWS—Fire arms, which ali:ost invariibly burst in the hands of those imbo use them. —Mel'mme. FAMii.iAnrrv.—A relaxation of nearly nil the rules of civilized life, introduced into society for the sake of couveniency—a soft expression of sentiment—a flattering imposture of greatness—an alluring snare of interests—. measure of false policy with one's superior, as they feel not nt nil obliged to us with it; and with cur inferiors, as it lessens their respect for us.—H'/iir/i afllie Sheiidnns. POI.ICAT. ASSCUBIA".—An instrument of popular liberty, often paralyzed, or turned aside from its original end. A union of persons, who know better what they v-itt not fin, tbat what they uiit tin; and who, too, frequei ilj do that which others irill tha'. thoy should do.—C S. Lrfecre. MrniocniTV.—Mediocrity offortune is that point at which our happiness demands that we should stop— aurea mciiincritns, a mediocrity equal in v to gold. Neilincritii of talent is the means of risin still—aurea medincriUs z'l'ded mediocrity. 1 am t " perfection of mediocrity."—I'aUnentm. Arf-FCTATioN.—In language, it weakens the <tho'.isht; in manners, it spoils grace and beauty.— A KnMe Vaeicss 