THE "HAUNTED" HOUSE AT CLEWEK, NEAR WINDSOR. 'it The extraordinary knocking (supposed to be against the door of the water closet) having still continued with even increased violence, an intelligent man, belonging to the Windsor police, has been stationed on the premises during the past week, and notwithstanding he has frequently been within two or three yards of the spot from whence the sound proceeded, at the very time, he has not been able to make the least discovery of its apparently mysterious origin. A scientific gentleman, from London, having Jj, seen in the papers an account of the noises heard in the house, has visited the premises three times \' during the last ten days (the last time was on > Monday, at the request of the tenant), and tried various experiments to discover the cause, but without the least success. The boards of the floor, both inside and around the closet, have been all taken up, and excavations made to this drop in of several fe ft. The drain has been opened and closely examined, and the party has even gone so far with his experiments as to have the water in an adjoining ditch analysed ! Mr. Manly, the parish sexton, attended with the gravediggers sounding iron, and sounded the round, within and without, to the depth of upwards of five feet, but no clue was obtained, and the knocking still continued, at intervals, as before. On Monday last, the noises were more frequent and violent than ever. The policeman, who was on the alert during the whole day, counted within 12 hours, 13 distinct knockings, of the same character as have been before described. On the following day (Tuesday), at twelve o'clock, the family removed from the house, taking with them the whole of the furniture. Previously to their leaving, The knocking came on at half-past 7 o'clock that morning, the police- man being there. As an extraordinary sensation was created throughout the neighbourhood on the subject, as well as certain suspicions excited, : four respectable gentlemen of Windsor were determined to endeavour to ascertain if the, noise had been caused by means of cricket y (which was strongly suspected) or not. They therefore, by permission of the agent of the party to whom the property belongs, agreed to go to the house that evening, and remain there during the whole of the night. They did so, accompanied by the policeman and two other persons who reside in the neighbourhood. From nine o'clock ("the hour at which they arrived until eight o'clock the following morning (when they left), " not a sound was heard," nor did either the candles or the fire burn blue! The po ice man has been in the house ever since, and not the slightest noise has been heard. It does certainly, appear exceedingly strange that these *. mysterious," and by some called supernatural noises," should have ceased from the time of the family leading the house. If it were a trick, of which there can now be but little doubt, it was an exceedingly clever, although a very mischievous and wanton one. It appears to be a second edition of the back lane ghost. THE FITTINGS AND EXPERIENCE OF FOURSCORE am strongly attached to old habits and old fashions, even though absurd. Instead of longing for a new coat, I part with an old one as with an old friend. I forgot some lessons, and cannot learn others. One lesson, however, I must learn, to eat without teeth, The farther we advanced years the more we effected with both heat and cold. In early life our feelings are but little influenced by either, I can better remember the transactions of seventy years than of yesterday ; pour liquid into a full vessel, and the top will run off first. Perhaps I can recollect being in a thousand companies; every person who composed them is now departed except myself. Upon whatever family I cast a distant eye, I remark in that family a generation has sprung into life, passed through the bloom of the day and sunk into the night. My old friends have, slipped off the stage, and I am as unfit to unite with new as new cloth with old. Thus am I become a stranger to the world which I have long known. As age increases sleep do creases ; when a child in health enters upon life, it can sleep twenty two hours out of the Its sleep will diminish about three hours on the average every year during the next three, when activity will enable it to nurse itself. That -reduction will afterwards be nearly one hour ever ten years till he arrives at 80 when four or five will be his hours of sleep. It is curious to contemplate the fluctuation of properly. I have seen the man ofoppu lence look with disdain upon a pauper in rags I have sion that pauper mount the wheel of fortune, and the other sink to the bottom. I have seen a miserable cooper, plane his son to a baker, and his son become a rich banker, a member of Parliament, and a baronet. HUTTON. Perpetual Mutton. Before any man sets out to invent perpetual motion, we recommend his practicing the trick of getting into a basket and lifting himself up by the handles. When he succeeds at that, he can go ahead with perpetual motion, with some prospect of success. A Sailor's Notion of a Funeral on Shore. A sailor on board one of her Majesty's ships, who had been for many years on a foreign, station, and had hardly ever been on shore, asked leave to have a trip by land, and accordingly proceeded to Alverstoke, where, for the first time in his life, he witnessed a funeral. He was evidently very much surprised at the ceremonial, and when he returned on board at night could talk of nothing but what he had seen in the churchyard. " Why, what d'ye think they does with the dead corpses ashore ?" said he to a shipmate. " How should I know," said the other. «. Why then, Hill, may J never stir," replied Jack, " but they put 'em up in boxes and directs 'em," Dandies-,-" They are more walking-sticks for female flirts, ornamented with brass heads, and barely touched with the varnish of etc- quetta Brass heads, did I say? Nay, their caputs are only half ripe muskruelous with monstrous thick rinds, and all hollow inside, containing the seeds of foolishness, swimming about with a vast quantity of sap. Their moral garments are a double- breasted coat of unity ; padded with pride, and lined with the silk of self- complacency; their outer apparel is all in keeping, and imported fresh from the devil's wholesale and retail ready made clothing establishment. Tinkored up with broad cloth, finger rings, safety chains, soft solder, vanity, and impudence ; they are no more silver than a plated spoon is solid silver. I detest dandy, as a cat does a wet floor. There are some vain fools in this vain world, who, after a long incubation will hatch out from the hot bed of pride a sickly brood of frizzy ideas, and then go strutting along in the path of pomposity, with all the self importance of a speckled hen with a black chicken. I have an antipathy to such people." he ed At of old ral sees 00 are past we. may ng lr. cr ok or his or lie Sir and ed or is this b N. late of such at P in nt n he R. rest in ot ite 1 is s t his re 