Original Literarture LECTURE AT MECHANICS' INSTI- TUTION. The delay which has arisen, since the delivery of the following lecture by the Rev. James Forbes, in presenting it to our readers, is attributable to circum- stances, which, as we have already stated, we shall in future strive to guard against. Its perusal will prove even at this late period a sufficient recompense, without further apology for such Unmerited delay:— ASSOCIATION OF IDEAS. Ladies and Gentlemen, In appearing to offer to the members of the Melbourne Mechanics' Institution a Lecture on a Branch of the Philoso- phy of Mind, I had some misgivings lest my theme should not be acceptable to my audience. There is, I am aware, a deeply rooted dislike in the minds of many to such speculations. The very work metaphysics is enough to rouse the strongest prejudices, be- cause it is imagined to be a mere play upon words, a worthless splitting and dividing of things and conceptions, a hunting after distinctions in matters where there is no difference. Were the philosophy of mind, as the subject is studied by British philosophers in the present day, the thing known as logic in the dark ages, or the misty nonsense called mental philosophy by some German Writers, I certainly would never think of directing my own attention to it, much less troubling you with any remarks respecting it. But it is a thing very dif- ferent indeed, and whether I may be able to treat it successfully or not, the study a both interesting and fitted to be profitable. As I understood the general subject of mental philosophy is to be discussed in this Institution by a friend who is to come after me, I shall abstain from all observations of an introductory charac- ter, and I shall also avoid saying any- thing respecting the history of this science, or the different systems which its cultivators have propounded, or the state to which it has at present attained. My aim will simply be to explain and il- lustrate one general feature in the con- struction of the human mind; to exhibit the influence of this feature on the for- mation of human character, and trace its operation in modifying human happiness. As you are already aware from the public announcement that has been made, the subject of my observations is commonly called "The Association of Ideas." This phrase has the recommendation of bring in popular use, and pretty generally understood. It is liable to serious ob- jection if weighed in the balance of philo- sopohical accuracy; but it is in all res- pects suitable for the object I have in view, I may simply observe for the sake of the initiated and the critical, that I use the word idea as comprehending not only conception of the mind, but emotions, and feelings, and I shall treat the subject without fettering myself by the rules of rigid philosphical strictness, and without any attempt at minute analysis. By Association of Ideas, we are to un- derstand that feature in the construction of mind by which thoughts are con- nected with one another, and the ten- dency there is for one .particular thought lo give, rise to others. It is a fact in the construction of the human mind that thought is connected with thought, so that there is discoverable a link between what I think of bow and what I thought of a little ago, .and my present thoughts will in like manner be connected with my succeeding ones-- Lulled in the countless chambers of the brain, \Our thoughts are linked by many a hidden chain Awake but one, and lo! what myriads rise Each stamps its image as the other flies. Each as the various avenues of sense Delight or sorrow to the soul dispense Brightens or fades; yet all with magic art Controls the latent fibres of the heart. In these few lines of the Bard of Me- mory, we have the doctrine of association beautifully and accurately stated, and every, one who has attended to the num- ber of ideas that have passed through his mind even in the course of a few minutes, will admit at once the faithful- ness of its delineation. Let any striking object be presented before us, the mind is immediately at work, and thought after thought rises up within it. At one time we think of some other like it; then the circumstances under which that was beheld; then the friends who were with us on the occasion; then the events that have occurred since; then the causes which have led to these, — it may be something blame-worthy in ours, or something unpleasant on the part of others; and then reflections on our own conduct and the treatment we have ex- perienced. Is the object in question a smooth flowing stream? It is one on which we all look with pleasure, and it is one fitted to excite many pleasant asso- ciations in the mind. The sight of the smooth flowing stream in the land of our adoption is very likely to recall the mind to a similar part of some remote landscape. The stream brings before us the playmates who gambolled with us on its sides in our infancy, whilst we gazed on its limpid waters and beheld our image and theirs reflected on its bo- som. It will also suggest with a rapidity impalpable, the companions of after years, whose society we can never enjoy again; whose hearts seemed once linked to ours, though now the chord which bound them has been reft asunder. Of an association of this kind there is a beautiful illustration in one of the minor poems of my brilliant, but wayward countryman, Burns; his eye was fixed on the morning star, one of the loveliest objects in nature. The thoughts which is called up and the manner in which they were linked together, require no com- ment from me. Thou lingering star, with lessening ray. That loves to greet the early morn, Again thou usher'st in the day, My Mary from my soul was torn. Or is the object a spot that has been the scene of remarkable deeds, has it been connected with human valor, or human suffering — the sight of it calls forth be- fore the soul the images of the heroes who have fought, and the victims who have suffered, and the deeds that have been done. Who of us could tread on the plain of Waterloo without thinking of Napoleon, and who could think of Napoleon without thinking of the fatal Russian winter, and the barren rock of the ocean where the troubler of the earth terminated his career. And here I may avail myself of the illustration just made use of, to notice a feature in the philoso- phy of association, that will come here- after more closely under our notice. Let us suppose a group of persons, such as we meet with in the intercourse of everyday life, treading that historic field. One is of a serious cast of mind, and in the habit of moralising on the vicissitudes of human affairs. Whilst he treads the ground that is fat with the blood of the slain, and which saw the last of Napoleon's fights, he says, how vain it is for man to torment himself and his neighbours, since a few years hence he will be gone and the results of his feats obliterated; Napoleon here fell after all his achievements, and what did they all benefit him? Another has a mind imbued with religious feelings, his soul melts at the contemplation of the guilt here incurred, and the misery inflicted; he thinks of the brave who bled unnoticed and unpitied, and the widows and orphans who wailed whilst others triumphed; and whilst abhorring the practices, and repelling the necessity of war, he bounds forward in anticipa- tion to the period when we shall learn it no more. A third has hero himself a soldier, and knows how fields are won; he is occupied in viewing the various positions occupied and lost on that event- ful day; the movements made, the skill displayed in these, and the success which attended them, in short, each individual of the group is occupied with a set of reflections modified by his peculiar habits and pursuits; the association of ideas in each mind bears the impress of the par- ticular scenes through which each man has passed, and the form that has been given to his contemplations. Writers on the philosophy of mind have enumerated several associating prin- ciples, and though it does not fall within my place to enter on anything beyond an illustration of the facts of the case, a description, viz. of matters as they are, yet it may be useful to mention these links, these springs of thought. I believe them lo be at least five in number, but I shall merely speak of them as three. I. —Previous connexion, either in time or place. II.— Resemblance. III. — Con- trast. The first (which I know admits of several subdivisions) is a most important cause of associating our ideas. When we see an object which we have seen before, (if, particularly, we have seen it only once before) the sight is sure to recall the friends who were with us on the former occasion, and the conversation that passed. When we meet with a friend from whom we have been long separated, the feelings of our last meeting ripe insensibly in the soul; the circumstance attending our parting interview, the pleasures enjoyed in his society, a host of feelings long for- gotten, in short, crowd upon the mind. The notes of a favorite air also, are sure to re- call to the mind the scene where in former days we heard it, the lips that sung it, and the hand that played it; this is the secret charm of national music. Other airs may be more exquisite, other combinations of sound may be more sweetly harmonious, but the airs of our country, the airs we heard under the parental roof, the airs which oft awakened the echoes in our father land, the airs that are identified with the na- tional spirit and the national character, these re-call feelings far more tender and far more pleasing than all beside. They kindle all the domestic affections, and all the national attachments; they make the present to be lost in the recollections of the past. Of this there it an interesting illustration in a fact which poets have often sung, and philosophers often re- marked — the impression produced on the' Swiss soldiers in foreign service, by the playing of some favorite national air. This effect was so intense, that it awoke recollections overpowering to the mind, and to prevent the exciting such pain- ful associations, it was found necessary to forbid the playing of the air. The intrepid Swiss, that guards a foreign shore, Condemn'd to climb his mountain cliffs no more. If chance he hears the song so sweetly wild, Which on those cliffs his infant hour's beguil'd, Melts at the long lost scenes that round him rise, And sinks a martyr to repentant sighs. When speaking of the effect of music, I may notice a very fine incident re- corded in the travels of our illustrious fellow colonist, Sir T. Mitchell, in his interesting narrative. "It was the morn- ing of the 17th March, when, as the sun rose, one of this attendants played on the bu- gle "St. Patrick's Day in the Morning." The well-known sounds recalled to my recollection, how, thirty years before, I descended to the tune of the same music from the beleaguered walls of Bada- joz." The music heard in the solitary wilds of Australia associated itself with the heroism of thirty years ago. And numerous other instances of the same kind might easily be mentioned. It is by reference to this principle of association that we are to explain the attachment which all feel to their coun- try, and particularly the intensity of the patriotic affection in the inhabitants at mountainous regions. The land where our "young footsteps in infancy wan- dered" is endeared to us as the scene of our earliest affections; the dwelling place may be the grave of those who first shewed us kindness. And though other lands may be more beautiful, though other skies may be clearer, and other fields more luxuriant, they are not so dear to us, because they awaken not the some tender recollections. Their political instructions and their social arrange- ments may be better; still we love them not so well, because under those instruc- tions and those arrangements we did not witness the first dawn of thought, nor were they connected with the first exer- cise of the affections. And hence it hap- pens, that, just as the country has un- pleasant peculiarities, its inhabitants love it the more; they cling to it more tena- ciously; or, if necessity separate them from it, their minds revert to it with the deeper attachment. There are few of us who would not adopt, as their own, the sentiment embo- died in the following beautiful lines of Cowper : — England! with all thy faults, I love thee still, My country! And while yet a nook is left. Where English minds and manners may be found, Shall be constrained to love thee. Though thy clime be fickle, and thy year most part deformed With dripping rains, or withered by a frost, I would not yet exchange thy sullen skies. And fields without a flower, for warmer France With all her vines, nor for Ausonia's groves Of golden fruitage, and her myrtle bowers. Among the natives of poor and moun- tainous countries, as the impressions made are few but deep, the associations are remarkably strong, and consequently the attachment very intense. The moun- tain, whose snow-capped summit is the favorite dwelling pf the tempest and storm, and whose ravines and caverns repeat the .music of a thousand echoes, can never be forgotten. They convey their image to the mind of infancy; and go where the wanderer may, no objects will be seen so magnificent, and in his estimation go lovely as they. \-- those bills that round his mansion rise. Enhance the bliss his scanty fund supplies; Dear is that shed, to which his soul conforms, And dear that hill which lifts him to the storms. And as a child, when scaring sounds molest, Clings close and closer to the mother's breast, So the loud torrents and the whirlwinds roar, But bind him to his native mountains more. But, indeed, everyone thinks his own country the best. The wise framer of man's spirit has employed the machinery of association to attach each to his native soil, and to make him love it most, because he thinks it best; and to think it best, because it is his own. The shuddering tenant of the frigid zone, Boldly proclaims the happiest spot his own; Extols the treasures of his stormy seas, And his long nights of revelry and ease. The naked negro, panting at the line, Boasts of his golden sands and palmy wine; Basks in the glare, or stems the tepid wave, And thanks his gods for all the good they gave. Such is the patriot's boast, where'er we roam, His first best country ever is his home. By reference to the principle of asso- ciation, also, we may account for the fears and alarms of superstition. Most countries have their legends of ghosts, haunted places, and spectral appearance. Details of these, poetical enough some- times in their character, and well calcu- lated to impress the imagination, are often unfolded by sage nurses, for the edification and coercion of their young charge. The consequence is, that dark- ness brings with it the fear of these for- midable travellers from the other world; and woe be to the urchin that exposes himself to an encounter with them. To be alone in the dark is formidable, but to be obliged to pass near church-yards, or any place where such visitors are un- derstood to frequent, is indeed a serious matter. I do not know whether any of you were ever superstitious. I was; so far that I thought the tales I had heard might perchance be true. I perfectly remember the dread with which I re- garded ruinous buildings, or places where it was recorded sights had been seen. And I may add, as illustrating the force of association, I have quaked and looked with cautious eye to the right and to the left, and hurried over the haunted ground, long after the existence of ghosts had been banished from my creed. The superstition stuck by me, through the force of association, long after the superstitious opinion had been got rid of. To the same influence is to be ascribed some very anomalous feelings of dislike, which have often been found in very intelligent and even well disciplined minds. It is recorded of the poet Beattie, that the presence of a cock quite disconcerted him, and rendered him incapable of attending to anything for hours. Other persons have been heard of who had the greatest aversion to everyone with red hair; and you may have heard of the sight of a cat or a spider producing must serious alarm and discomfort. There must have been either some very unpleasant occurrence in early life, or there must have been some error committed in the education of the par- ties, to make them dislike these objects. The aversion once produced, is recalled by the power of association every time the haled object presents itself, either to the sight or the imagination. I believe the aversion felt to spiders, more particu- larly arises from a silly prejudice instilled into the infant mind by nurses; which once introduced, the principle of associa- tion accounts for its permanence. There are two little incidents mentioned by Locke, in his work on the Human Under- standing, illustrative of this subject, with which I shall close this division of my essay. The first is the case of a gentle- man, cured of madness by a very harsh and offensive operation. This individual with great sense of gratitude, owned the cure ever after, as the greatest obligation he could have received; but, whatever gratitude and reason suggested to him be could never bear the sight of the operator; that image brought back with it the idea of the agony which he suffered from his hands, which was too mighty and intolerable for hint to endure. The other is of a very ludicrous character: a young gentleman had learned to dance and that to great perfection, in a room where stood an old trunk. The idea of this remarkable piece of household stuff had so mixed itself with the turns and steps of all his dances, that though it that chamber he could dance exceedingly well, yet it was only while that trunk was there; nor could he perform well in any other place, unless that or some such trunk had its due position in the room. The second associating principle, to which I shall advert, is Resemblance.— The sight of any particular object sug- gests to the mind some other object that resembles it. I have already adverted to this associating influence in the case of natural scenery. It operates also in many other ways. When any remarkable incident has occurred in our vicinity, or has come to our knowledge, we immedi- ately remember similar incidents that have occurred elsewhere. The loss of a friend by death not only oppresses the mind by its own heaviness, but it opens old wounds and makes them bleed afresh, by bringing up before us any similar bereavements we have sus- tained. And in this way the hearts of different sufferers are often knit together; they have passed through the same or- deal — they have experienced the same feelings — and the loss of one recalls the others loss lo his mind, it draws him forth in kind sympathy with his fellow sufferer. It is the associating power of Resem- blance that gives one of its chief claims lo poetry and oratory. The metaphors and impassioned language used in such compositions, derive all their beauty and impressiveness from the ideas they call up by associating resemblances, or fancied resemblances, between the moral and physical objects; and when suggested to the mind give a dignity to language, and a force to sentiment, which plain un- varnished description never possesses. — We all feel the beauty of this, when Norval describes the barbarians as "rush- ing like a torrent down upon the vales'' — when an invading army is described as "a cloud of locusts'' — or a slanderer as "a serpent lurking in the grass, to bite and destroy the unwary traveller." The effect produced it much more in- tense than if we spoke of fierce soldiers carrying all before them, eating up the substance of the land — or of the back biter destroying the character and ruin- ing the peace of mind of his neighbours. lt is the same associating influence which renders often so pleasing the work of the printer and sculptor. The sight of the likeness suggests the person or object represented, and is sure to awaken a series of interesting conceptions and feelings. We gaze on every feature till it lives! Still the fond lover visits the absent maid, And the lost friend still lingers in the shade. Say why the pensive widow loves to weep, When on her knee she rocks her babe to sleep; Tremblingly still she lifts his veil to trace The father's features in his infant face. The hoary grandsire smiles the hour away, Won by the charm of innocence at play; He bends to meet each artless burst of joy, Forgets his age, and acts again the boy. Another associating influence, another link connecting thought with thought, is Contrast. When a particular object is brought prominently before us, we very readily think of its opposite. When chilled by the cold of winter, the mind turns with desire to the glow of summer; and when weakened by the burning sun, or the still more scorching hot winds of this country, we sigh for the cooling breeze or the well-covered shade. When we see an humble collage, the image of a splendid mansion rises in the mind; and when we behold with loathing and disgust the turmoil and disorder of quar- relling neighbours, the mind reverts with pleasure to the opposite visions of domes- tic peace and mutual affection. It is this associating principle that gives to the antithesis of the poet, the historian and the orator, its power to impress. We all have felt the effect of bringing before the mind in immediate succession, the rich and poor, the freeman and the slave, the martyr and the persecutor. The in- fluence of this principle has, by the wise arrangements of the Creator, been made remarkably subservient to the pro.- motion of human happiness, and the se- curity of human virtue. Nothing is better fitted to repress discontent with one's lot than the suggestion of the state of those who want what we possess, and who suffer annoyances to which we are strangers. The inmate of a comfortable dwelling place derives an increase to his happiness from the thought of the hovels when the elements beat unresisted, and where the inhabitants shiver beneath the rain and the cold, The citizen of a free country seems to value the institutions of his fatherland the more, when he has had an opportunity of observing the lands in which tyrants trample, and where craving crouching slaves tread with timid step. The prodigal values the happiness of the parental dwelling more, when he has had a taste of the inconstancy of his partners in extravagance, and the misery that follows deviation from the pains of vir- tue. And the same principle inflicts a powerful and terrible punishment on wickedness. The wretch who has squan- dered his substance by profligacy, is rendered doubly wretched, by the recol- lection of what he once enjoyed, and by contrasting the present with the past. The criminal in his solitary cell hence receives deepest wounds from the thought of the horror and peace he has forfeited, and the respectability and com- fort which by an opposite course of con- duct he might have attained. Did time permit, I might pursue this division of the subject to almost any length. But I shall now occupy your time for a few minutes with mentioning some cir- cumstances which modify the association of ideas in particular minds, and which produce in them particular associations rather than others. It does not always happen that the same object calls forth the same set of ideas in all the persons to whom it is presented, nor in the same person at all times. A remark made in conversation will turn the thoughts of the company, and of course their conver- sation, sometime one way, and sometimes another; and if we could see into the breasts of the various individuals, we should see that no two felt in the same way, or with the same intensity. These diversities may proceed front sundry causes. They may proceed from differ- ence of natural temperament, they may proceed from difference of acquired habits, of habits acquired from education, or from pursuits in life; or they may arise from some peculiarity in the slate of mind at the time. Every person must have remarked how very differently dif- ferent individuals are affected by the same circumstances. Some can work at the most striking landscapes, and hear the most striking narrative without emotion and yet the same individuals may be very much moved by objects of inferior inter- est, and by occurrences of minor impor- tance. The sight of a surgeon, or of all the surgeons in the empire, would not I suppose affect any of us much, or call forth any very remarkable association. It was different with the gentleman men- tioned by Mr. Locke; a particular mem- ber of the profession was to him an ob- ject of great aversion, because his pre- sence called up recollections of great bodily suffering. Had the original feel- ing been less vivid, nothing of the sort would have occurred, but as it was, the emotions excited were remarkably acute. Hence it may be laid down as an estab- lished fact in connexion with this subject, that in proportion as the suggesting feeling was lively, so will be the feeling suggested; in proportion as the original impression was strong, so powerful will be the associations it will call up. Had the effect of the Swiss airs been less in the first instance, or were the feelings produced by the scenery they were con- nected with less intense, the effect pro- duced by that music would not be so marked in the season of their exile. And then the various associating principles often act together and by their combined agency, give intensity to the mental feel- ings. In the Swiss soldier contrast ex- ercises its power and brings his present position in opposition as it were with the past, with the days of youth where his foot was on his native health, and his resting place at night in the home of his fathers. The associations that arise in the mind are also remarkably modified by its particular state at the lime. Thus when the soul is overpowered with grief, every- thing around it wears a gloomy and me- lancholy aspect. The mourners can drink nought from the scenery of beauty but sorrow. When on the oilier hand the mind is joyous, nature seems all beauty — the moss-covered stone is interesting, each blade of grass is looked on with plea- sure, "every scene and every heart is joy." It is in this way says the profound analyst of mind Dr. Brown, it is in this way that every passion that has one fixed object, such as love, jealousy, revenge, derives nourishment, from its suggesting images that give it in return new force and liveliness. We see in everything what we feel in ourselves; and the thoughts which external things seem to suggest are thus, in part at least, suggested by the permanent emotions within. When Eloise in Pope's celebrated Epistle thinks of the invention of letters, the only uses which her train of thought suggests, are those which tire analogous to the circumstances of her own passion. Heaven first taught letters for same wretched aid, Some banished lover or some captive maid, They live, they speak, they breathe what love inspires, Warm from the soul, and faithful to its fires. The virgins wish, without her fears impart, Excuse the blush, and pour out all the heart, Speed the soft intercourse from soul to soul. And waft a sigh from lndus to the pole. There is still another influence that modifies the associations of our ideas, an influence of which I can say but little, though it well deserves a whole lecture, or a series of lectures, in itself. It is HABIT! It is almost impossible to over- rate the influence of habit on human happiness, or on human character. We are almost, the slaves of our habits. If they are virtuous, they bind us strongly to virtue's side; if they are loose, they drag us irresistibly down the steep road of ruin. It is, however, with habit as modifying our trains of thought that we have at present lo do. I already noticed the effects of previous habits on the Ideas called up in the minds of a group of tourists on a battle field. The same ob- ject excited a widely dissimilar set of ideas in each, and this was because their habits were so widely dissimilar. I can- not better illustrate further the influence of habit on the association of ideas, than by grouping together the remarks which I have read and heard, or heard of, in our adopted country of Australia. One has described it as likely, from its re- sources and geographical position, to become a mighty and free nation, and to exercise an important influence on the destinies of the human race. This is evidently a democrat in politics accus- tomed to look forward into futurity. Another extols the freedom of antiquated restraints, and rejoices that a man may do as he pleases, without the rebuke of pharisaic relatives. This man must have a mind fully bent on profligacy and wick- edness. Another dilates on the large fortunes that have been made in short times, and the immense profits accruing from every kind of business. This is a thorough worshipper of mammon, we may be sure. Another observes, that there is abundance of game in the woods and no game laws. This, to say the least, is very suspicious. I have seen a letter from a Scotchman here to a friend at home, slating that rum is a shilling a glass, and whisky cannot be had for love or money. This is extremely suspicious. Another remarked that the bush is so open, and the solitude it affords so com- plete, that one may walk for a summer's day in it without having his meditation broken in upon. This indicates a mind of a contemplative cast, whose proper place is a monastery. I find I have already presumed too far upon your patience; I must bring these remarks to a close. I cannot do so with- out remarking the extreme importance of the facts I have been considering in con- nection with education. Human happi- ness depends upon the feelings which occupy the mind and direct the conduct. These feelings are most remarkably mo- dified by the bent given to the thoughts in early life. If it be true that the same object impresses no two persons in pre- cisely the same way, or with the same in- tensity, it must be of the greatest con- sequence that such a character be given to the natural habits, that a right direc- tion and not an evil one be given to the thoughts, by the various incidents and events of life. There are, we know, some minds so undisciplined, that they see no- thing in the most impressive occurrences or the sublimest works of the Creator, but subject for wit and ridicule, There are some minds no its regulated that the narrative of human weakness and human error only leads them to glut with plea- sure on things that ought only to be thought of with disgust, and to desire to imitate practices winch they ought to avoid, the very mention of which ought to produce horror and loathing in the soul. To prevent this, and to secure a better stale of things, I cannot but re- commend with all possible earnestness, that the minds of childhood and youth be directed towards pure and elevating con- templations; that they be taught to seek for proofs of wisdom and goodness in the works and arrangements of creation around them, and that by every possible way their thoughts may be turned into pure and profitable channels. Let this be done in early life, the principle of association will do much to secure that they take a similar direction in after years; and that whilst thought succeeded thought, land whilst the plot of life's drama thickens about them, they may have internal resources which will sup- port, and direct them; support them amid trials and difficulties, and direct them into the path of integrity and virtue. 