News of the Dav-?I t ROYAL VICTORIA THEATnB.-We have been requested to call the attention of the patrons of the drama, to the bill of fare prepared for their entertainment, by that accom- plished performer, Miss Strickland, on to- morrow, the evening of her Benefit. The pieces selected are - "The Forest of Bondi, or the Dog of Montargis," in which piece Mr. Lee's cele- brated Dog enacts. The scenery, to be introduced on this occasion, is said to be in perfect keeping with the incidents of this extraordinary and spirit-stirring piece. An interesting rustic Ballet or Dance by the whole of the company will be introduced, producing a most pleasing effect - and indeed forming an agreeable interlude. The fol- lowing vocal pieces will be executed: - Duet of "My Pretty Page," by Misses Strickland and Winstanley; a Comic Song, by our fairy-tripping Danseuse, Madame Veilburn; "Before my Eyes" - Miss Strickland; "Buy my Oranges" (in character), Miss Strickland; and a Comic a Duet, by Miss Strickland and Mr. Lee. A Grand Scena, from Der Freizschutz, will be exhi- bited, and a Dance by Miss Jones. After which, it will be produced "The Lear of Private Life." On the last piece we need offer no comment - as the acting of Mrs. O'Flaherty, with Messrs. Knowles and Groves alone, have stamped it a universal favorite, and have created intense interest even in its name. We sincerely wish Miss S., as she merits it at the hands of the public, a bumper. STEAM RACE.-A- short, tUat smart race, came c off, on Saturday last, between the new Port a Phillippian steamer ' Aphrasia;' and our crack h Parramatta steamer ' Kangaroo: The boats t started together from the Commercial Wharf. at e a very rapid rate, and kept well together till off a Goat Island, when the ' Aphrasia' took the lead a and kept it till she reached .Kissing Point, at p which place she stopped-the ' Kanga-oo' con- ii tinuing her trip to Parramatta. The ' Aphrasia' h is a fine vessel, and reflects high credit on all a concerned in her build and outfit-being solely a of colonial workmanship-the vessel being built by a Mr. Lowe anl the engines manufactured by Mr. Coke. Captain Lawler, an old Colonial trader, ( formerly commander of the ' Bright Planet.' is I to ran her; a'.d, from his urbanity of manner and skill in his profession, we congratulate the Port Phillippians on their happy choice of a com mander for the ' Aphrasina.' PROGRESS OF IMPIOVEM.NSnT tN GEORGE- a STREET.-We understand that it is the intention 1 of the Government to throw down the wall in front t of the old gaol towards George-street, and erect a palisading in its stead. The area before tle gaol will then form as ;ure, in which the numerous drays lacking hire, which new so obstruct the lower part of George-street may be drawn up. The buildings of the old gaol itself, are, it is said, to be converted into a Water Police Court, for which purpose they are admirably edapted. The I cells and other apartments will furnish lodging, for such refractory or disorderly seamen or others, as the police may find it requisite totake into custody. In consequence of. this arrangement 1 we hope it will no longer be deemed necessary for persons charged with merely disorderly con duet, to be confined with, or led along the street I manacled as felons. CuHINA.-By the ' Frederick. Huth' which ar rived at Adelaide on the 28th ultimo, from Singa pore, out forty-five days, intelligence was received, that the Chinese had offered 6,000,000 of dollars as a compensation to the British, for the expenses of the war, &c.; on condition however that the opium trade should be discontinued. This was of course rejected, the Celestials being told that was their own look out. Chusan was abandoned and another islend occupied in its stead. ORATORIO.-The lovers of Music will have an 1 opportunity of enjoying a rich treat on the 30th instant. By the Programme of the Oratorio to be held in St. Mary's Lathedrd on that day, our readers will perceive that the music has been se- 1 lected with the finest taste, and also that it is to I be sung and played by performers worthy of it.- I It is full of choice compositions from Handel, Beethoven, Nathan, Calcott, Guglielmi and I Mozart. The oratorio will be conducted by Mr. Nathan, so justly celebrated as a good organist, and who has given so many undeniable proofs of his talent and skill in composition. The rarity i or absolute lack of such performances in the Colony, the acknowledged merit of the perform- I ers, the new organ, said to be of superior ex- I cellence and to be played for the first time in Pub lic on this occasion, the admirable selection of the Music, all conjoined, will we anticipate, prove so attractive, as to render "The Oratorio" emi. nently successful. REMOVAL OF THE PRISoNERS FROM THE OLD GAOL IN GEORGE STRPEET TOTHE NEW GAOL AT WooLLOoo L o.-On Monday last, the whole of the prisoners in George-street, were removed from thence, under the e.cort of the Sydney con stabulary force, to the New Gaol at WoAo,omoo. loo. We think it highly to the credit of that most efficient Officer, Mr. H. Keck, that during the period the old and crazy building in George street has been under his surveillance not an in stance has'occurred of the escape of a prisoner, though the most desperate criminals have at dif. ferent periods been confined therein. ' ORDINATION.-This ceremony was performed in St. James' Church, on Sunday last. The Lord Bishop of Australia delivered a discourse applicable to the occasion from the text of, " G> ye into all lands and preach the Gospel, baptizing in the name of the Father, of the Son, anid of the tloly Ghost." T'he ordination took place at the conclusion of the ordinary service. The Rev. John Elder, minister of the Gaol, thIe Rev. G. Vidal, B.A., late of Trinity College, Cambridge, minister of .tutton Forest-were admitted to Priests' Orders; and Mr. C. Kemp, late of Queen's College, Cambridge, was ordained to Deacon's Orders. It is said that Mr. Kemp will i officiate at Pitt Town as successor to Mr. Keane. HoMEoUSn ZlAcEs -These Races are appoin tedfo take plaqe on the 24th August, next. The SSubscription Lists are being rapidly filled, and his Excellency'the Governor, Sir George Gipps, has already made a donation of £20 in aid of the Race Funds. SEaRsIr eT, NORTr SHoaE.-Thls evening, at Six o'clock, Mr. Joseph Simmons' Rooms, opposite the Post Office, will, it is expected, be the scene of spirited competition, amongst the discerning and speculative public of Sydney, who are desirous of possessing a small portion of 'land at the North side of Port Jackson. As the Steam Ferry Company are likely to commence operations shortly, land in the vicinity of Sea. bright will, undoubtedly, rise rapidly in value. AUCTIoN SAs,.--On reference to our adver tising columns, it will be perceived, that Mr. Samuel Lyons offers for sale at hii Mait, this day, 3,800 sheep, running near Bathurst; the Linde say Estate; Live Stock, by order of the Sheriff; Land on the North Shore; and Shares. in the various Companies in the Cmliny. IaPOVEMr NT AND CIVILIZATION OF THE AnoaruxNts.-- By a despatch, laid before.-the t Council yesterday, it appeared, that it was the desire of the British Government,' that 15-per t cent on the revenue arising from the sale of c Crown Lands, should be appropriated to the ci vilization and improvement of the Abor'gines. s The sum which is now yearly expended in the a maintenance of the Border Police Force, as also in the provision for the Commissioners beyond 1 the Boundaries, already amounts to £15,000, 1 and this is 15 per cent on the revenue from Crown Lands. which sldom exceed £100,000. And the Border Police Force, and the Commis sioners beyond the Boundaries, exist certainly as much for the protection of the Aborigines, as for I any other purpose. No great increase, therefore, I as His Excellency observed, will take place in the sum to be devoted to the benefit, and for the civilization of the Aborigines. Nxwv ArroNTweNrs.-Francis Fisher, Esq., late Crown Solicitor of New South Wales, is said to have accepted the office of Attorney General, for New Zealand. THE "MOFFATT's" MAIL-The "Moffat" ar- rived in Sydney on the 31st May, and a portion of the Mails brought by her were delivered to the Post Office Agent, on the evening of that day. On Monday last, the 7th June, another mail brought by her was received at the Post Office. It is presumed that this latter "mail" like that of the "Orwell," was packed as a case of stuffed birds, and was found quite by accident. REWARDS FOR THE APPRazseNSION oF RUNAxAY CONvxcTs.-His Excellency, the Governor, is pleased to direct, with reference to the Notices from this Office of 13th April, 1832, and 12th November, 1838, that the existing Regulations respecting the payment of Rewards for the apprehension of Convicts illegally at large, he considered cancelled, and that the following be adopted in their room, viz: 1.-For the ap. prehension, and e.3nveyance before a magistrate, of every convict who shall haveabsconded, or have been absent for any period, with intent to abscond from any Government work, or the service of an individual, there shall be paid as a Reward the sum of Ten shillings, which sum may be increased to any amount not exceeding Twenty shillings, if the magistrate before whom the convict is taken shall consider that, from any particular circum. stances attending the capture, the constable, or person capturing, is deserving of a higher Reward than Ten shillings. 2.-For the apprehension, and conveyance before a magistrate, of every conviet, who, whilst serving under a sentence to an ironed gang, or as a second class convict, shall have absconded, or have been absent, wi'h I itent to abscond, from any ironed gang, or stockade, or otherwise from legal custody, the sum of Twenty shillings, which sum may be increased to. any amount not exceeding Thirty shillings, if judged proper by the magistrate. for the reasons stated in the foregoing paragraph. 3.-For the appre hension, and conveyanc before a magistrate, of any runaway convi0:t, who being under a chargeof any transportable offence, shall afterwards be committed to take his trial for the same before the Supreme Court, or any Circuit Court, or Court of General Quarter hessions, tie sum of Fifty shillings; but if the prisoner apprehended be an armed Bushranger, or capital Felon, the sum of Three Pounds, if judged proper by the magistrate, for the reasons stated in paragraph 1\. And in order to insure a speedy apprehen sion of offenders, an addition will be made to the Rewards specified in this paragraph of one-fourth their respective rates, if the offender be captured within Twenty-one days after he shall have absconded, of one-third if within fourteen days, and one-half if within one week. Under this paragraph, therefore, it wal/ be seen that whilst the Reward will never be less than Fifty shillings it may, '" under special" circumstances, be in creased to Seven Pounds Ten Shillings. 4.-It is to be distinctly underst od, tht the Rewards specified in the 3d Section of these Regulations are not to be paid in any case where the prisoner apprehended is tried under summary jurisdiction, by magtstrates in the Petty Sessions. 5.-It is also to be distinctly understood, that one Reward only can be paid, under these Regulations, fir the apprehension of any convict; and that if the higher Reward be claimed on the committal of such convict for any of the offences before men tioned, the Flower or apprehension Reward will merge in it. 6.-Rewards under these Regula tions are to be immediately paid on the spot, by the Police Magistrate, or Bench of Magistrates, in conformity with the instructions contained in the Circular Letter from this Office, of this date. 7.-When any person serving under sentence as a Convict shall render any service in the disco very or apprehension of offenders, which would, under the above regulations entitle him to a pecuniary reward, he shall receive such a remis. sion of sentence as it may be in the power ot the Governor to make to him, the lowest reward being a remission bf Six Months in the calcula lation of his time for a Ticket-of- leave, and the highest an absolute pardon.-By his Exce:lency's Command, E. DeAs TaoMPson.- Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 1st June, 1841. 