It is an ethical axiom, thnt a man who lias no talent in himself, ever envies tho pos session of that gift in others ; anil thut, beine- honcless of 'attaining: it, ho will seek to indemnify himself for his deficiencies by depressing his more gifted neighbour. Never, 'perhaps, have we seen n more signal, and unqualified illustration of this truth, than that which presents itself in tho Herald's lending article of Saturday last. It is true that the furious tone of tho writing furnishes an effectual rofu tation of its contents, and, that as no physician would be angry at the intemper ance of a mad patient, sp tho individuals attacked have, doubtless, good humonredly received, and forgiven, the impotent out pourings of wrath in the article referred to. But, when we turn to the causf. of that bitterness, we cannot, in justice to the dignity of this cause itself, to the require ments of truth, and to the community nt largo, suffer the matter to .pass un noticed. The partial delusion whicli lately pre vailed respecting Coolie Immigration into this Colony, is now, we hope arid trust, dispelled for ever. Tho proceedings, and the. issue thereof, in nnr Counr.il Clyunber last Tuesflay weeK, have stamped TuptiTy honourable quarterings upon our senatorial escutcheon. This event, alone, will bo sufficient to create a lasting, and a grateful reminiscence of. the administration of Sir. George Gipps. If anything was wanting to convince the mind of every rational and Christian man that the introduction by masses of these helpless beings into this Colony, would be to sin against the laws or humanity, and to inflict a deadly and abiding evil upon Australia, that hiatus was supplied by the masterly exposition of the subject by the Governor, whose able support by the Bi4iop, tho Attorney General, and Messrs Jones and James Mac arthur, wo cannot too highly praise. The name of Sir George Gipps and his coad jutors in the good work, will be cherished by the Colonists with a long and grateful remembiance. Tho writer of the article before us, with a most distressing attempt at facetiousness,1 commences his out-pourings of impotent revenge against the Governor and Mr Macarthur. The article is headed ' The Coolie. Question Coolly Cut.' Now, sup posing this to b'e as witty as' it is puerile, it would lose all its real point by tho fact that it is not true. The question was elaborately discussed, nlthough the Gover nor expressed lib decided opinion both as a statesman and as a. man, that oven was the Council unanimous iu favour of the Petition, it would be rejected by tl\oHome and tho Indian Governments — an opinio'n which must havo the concurrence of every unprejudiced and otherwise competent por son conversant with tho matter. The Herald with a sneer asks, ' what are two hundred heads out of doors to a dozen within the luminous Chamber?' The seasonable retort to this would be, whnt are tho sentiments and opinions of the most distinguished statostnon nnd phi lanthropists of the civillsml Christian world ? What uro the prospective Interests of tho Colony, and the general interests of humanity, when compared with thu inordi nate Bullishness of a few interestod'porsons in Now South Wnlos? The personal ribaldry poured forth upon tho Governor Is equally ofiotisivo and con temptible j It is concolvod in malignity, and executed in a manner altogether nn worthy of tho meanest capacity. An overflowing and llttUj Ppi.tufulnoss, without wit, talent, or' judgment to direct it, is certainly n most pit In bio exhibition, ?' Tho voluble Sir George I' Now, wo do not hesitate to Pay that tha Governor possessed all the requisites of n first-rate speaker, (idd thnt ho would command attuntion in any nHNuinlily, in any pint of tho world. 1 But tlie writer in the* Herald 'cannot undoi'Mand' li in IJxcolleney. Ah Mi- Pitt flnld upon oiio occasion, 'I nm really nulu nUhed that a man of such ineancoivaltlo amullnoss nf mind should presume to havo xny opinion at all upon tho subject.' Assuredly, tho comprehensive, and enlight ened views of a statesmanlike Sir George Gipps, are not to be understood by such a pitiful twaddler as tha writer in tho TJorald, The familiarity with which such diminutive [iiiuclcid persons talk of men uitd things, so utterly beyond their powors of compre hension, is really wonderful 1 — ' An mrIo towering In Ills j-lioe nf ? pride, ' Wai by n mousing owl hawked nt and Idllpd.' As we have nlreatly said, Sir Goorge Gipps, and tho other gentlemen assailed, enn well afford to treat the impotent vituperations of tho Herald with the contemptuous pity which thoy deserve. But, iu justice to those individuals, and with reference to the subject-matter of attack, it would have been unbecoming in us to have shewn ourselves mere passive obseivers on this o.ccasion. Thanks to the Governor, and tho enlightened Membors of the Council nbove-mentloned, tho Coolie question is now decently entombed, and we sincerely trust that no sacrilegious hand will ever attempt to disturb its ashes. Tho reported re-appearance of the Coolie-labour Meet ing in tho district of Bathurst, wo treat as a pleasant fiction contrived to amuse the mourners of tho departed, and to assuage in some measure, the poignancy of their recent grief. The Govornor has the cordial thanks of the community for tho part he has taken in this matter, and he may well assume to himself the high-minded consolation of the Roman poet — '? Vlrtiu, rnpuljB ncscln eorclMs, Ifitamlnatls fulgcf hcwiorlbin, ltltiotqite, si murlnlli ultra Fas iropldtf.' ?^ ? Dun readers may be aware thnt a few weeks since, a society was commenced, having for its object the receiving of deposits and granting loans to small tradesmen, me chanics, &c.;, who are to repay the same by weekly instalments. Tho object of the pro moters of this Society was to .put a stop, as far as possible, to the extortions of the money lenders, which are no doubt carried on to a great extent at present, and to af ford to many persons of reputable character that nssistanco of whicli they are in need. These objects cannot' be looked upon ns otherwise than praiseworthy and deserving of public support, but in the operations o1 this new Savings Bunk and Loan Society there are many particulars not easily em. braced or understood by the lower classes generally, and which are also susceptible of improvements. We have therefore, much plensure in laying before our readers the report drawn out by the Secretary, which details briefly the results of the experiment and certain proposals for promoting its use fulness and success. ' The principle of repayment by weekly instal ments as affording ft relief to small tradesmen, mechanics, &c;, by assisting them to carry on their birsiness, and meet their engagements, must (particularly in tho present state of monetary fions, and would eagerly be embraced. But, ns might be expected, there arc other classes equally desirous of availing themselves of this mode of rrpnying. a loan. Although the amounts pro posed do not exceed XSO, numerous applications have been made by parties, who, if not of the first standing in respect of personal responsibility, can obtain the best personal security, and fre quently offer deeds of property, leases, &c;, as collateral security. On the footing whicli the Society has hitherto been placed, it has not been advisable to hold out to those parties tho expec tation' that loans would be granted, and therefore from only a few of the most pressing have instal ments been received in terms of the Regulations. In the majority of enses where applications have been made for loans by persons in a small way of business, or by journeymen mechanics, the de mand has been for a small sum, less than £20, which is required for some particular object al most immediately. A master tradesman would occasionally be greatly accommodated by a few pounds to pay the wages*«f liis men or for some purpose which may not otherwise be attainable at the time, A journeyman ' requires a larger sum than he can command, if a lengthened sick ness has visited him or his family. To the jour neymen the plan of weekly payments of Cd. in in the pound is of the greatest service, and must be adhered toj but tho tradesmen may find it more convenient to repay in a much shorter time and might be allowed to do bo upon equitable terms. If therefore, this Society is permanently established, it would be highly desirable to ex tend its operations to the granting of smaller sums on loan to applicants, who cither have paid the interest by a small weekly instalment, or be come entitled to a loan by paying down tho in terest required. Another class of applicants also require some cpcclnl provision ; these arc small settlers nnd tradesmen in the provincial towns, who find it impracticable to comply with the wpctiv nrrnntrr.»ririir. r-mt iw,n Mil. a It wurlii ? their while to remit or send to Sydney once a month. Additional security from parties situated at a distance, would in general be advisable, and tho applicants are aware of this, as they have [In variably proffered It. One of tho chief objects to bo kept In view by this Society, is the offering encouragement to the labouring classes to deposit their weekly sav ings, by giving gi'cnter accommodation than is afforded by any existing institution. To realize this however, both patience and pcracvcrnnco arc necessary, as sonic time must elapse before this largo portion of the community would become so far nwnro of ita advantages, and arrive at that degree of confidence to Induce their coming for ward, and availing themselves of this new nc commoilntlou, It Is tho opinion of several per sons well able to Judge of tho, fccllngn of the lower class, that so noon ns this confidence is gained, mid the people nfo convinced that the Society Is Intended solely for their benefit, a very largo proportion would deposit with tho Society, and open nceounU, who at present do not think of going to any of tho Hanking establishments, At tho Savings ])nnk, where the Binnllenl minis are received on stated clnyi, them are not those f'ncllltk'A for withdrawing which, suffica to Induce all personB coming under tho denomination of thu lower orders, to deposit their Having*, which nro very commonly kept on hand until tome opportunity occurit of upending them. Hut tho olilco of tho Society being open dully to deposi tor* to withdraw without foe, and If at any time they should roqulro It, n mnnll Hum would bo granted In ndvnnce, Uiobo nre Inducements not before presented, and the reserva which exists unions this class to n greater extent than Isgetic rally supposed, would gradually break away, and themseves and the public reap more fully tho beneflto of their industry. The advantages of fered also to tho class of master tradesmen who would be -accommodated by small loans, nrc such as to induce their* immediately opening accounts with the Society, nnd several have offered to do so, and begin with considerable amounts. Although from their sources, funds could be relied upon, there appears an evident necessity that additional capital should be raised in order to set the machinery of the Society in motion. In order to increase the fund an appeal might bu made to capitalists who may bo disposed to pro mote the important nnd useful objects of this Society by lending money at stated periods, and a guarantee given that their respective amounts shall be returned with the interest agreed upon. The Society being planned on the benevolent principle, it is in this respect different from the loan societies of the mother country, which in most instances are formed under the Act of Par liament with tho view of profit. Issuing shares would probably enable a capital to bo raised with greater facility, but the plan of n Company being open to legal objections, could not be fol lowed up with fair prospects of success, nor docs it otherwise appear a desirable measure. It may fairly ho surmised that as tho huclness of the Society increases in extent, the surplus will ex ceed what] is required for carrying it on, at the rates of interest that have been adopted at the commencement. In this event tlie present rates charged on loans could be reduced, and those proflto, which under tho mercenary plan would accrue to the shareholders, would be applied under the benevolent system to the advantage of the persons borrowing from the Society. The shortness of the period that has clnpoed since beginning business, renders it at present impossible on the grounds of experience to judge of the probable net receipts derivable from the business conducted upon the plan disclosed by the regulations. Much doubtless depends on tho degree of judgment exercised in granting loans ; hut it Is wortliv of remark, that in those cases .vhlch have been investigated, the parties apply ng have been fount! fully competent to repaying ay the property they possess ; and where there is industry and sobriety, and small property, there is perhaps equal safety, as the case must be one sf remarkable dishonesty, when the parties sign Ing the note allow themselves to be sued for the whole balance, when by a small weekly payment they have it in their power to avoid legal pro ceedings. It cannot be too much to expect that the application of this principle in Australia may prove equally fortunate as in England, where it appears by a recent statement that out of £15,000 granted in small sums by a I.ondoh Society, there had bben only twenty-three defal cations. , f . ? 1 «-? . We would ra'l attentionto the Concert which- is to bo gifen on Wednesday next, by Mr. Nathan, rjt the Victoria Theatre. The entertainment will bo almost entirely of a vocnl character, and the songs will, altogether, be Riiglissh ? We are glad to see that Mr. Natlran has the good taste to select English singing for English nu dience.s. Tho songs will have full or chestral accompaniments. Tho glees of Calcott and Bishop requira no prnise nt our hands ; nor is the public insensible to 'he merit of Mr. Nathan's own musical writings. We are able to state that there will be n numerous and select audience assembled to render justice to Mr. Nathan's professional merits. The Governor and Lady Gipps will occupy their box, and Captains Ross and oiozier, of the Erebus and Terror will lu present. Both of the regimental bands will, by permission of the commanding officer, be in attendance. We have se.nn a sample of the wheat, ex Ovalle, from Valparaiso. To the best of our judgment, the wheat is excullunt. The flour, bv the sane shipment, is equally good. M-. LyoiH disposes of the enrgi) this day. Head) of families nnd bakers should attend tint sale. We would eanostly impress upon his Excellency to require the Water Polico Magistrate to seni on board of every vessel at the time of her nrrival, a conciso state ment (which can *ery easily be prepared) of the provisions if the Water Police Act. Thn absence of tKs very needful measure is, wo happen tc know personally, very loudly and unanmously complained of. Tlie law itself is itrin^ent enough in all conscience, withcit its being put into force against porons who may break it out of nctual igiorance. We scarcely think it necessary to prove that the Act requires a thoroupi revision, as we do not believe that it wii! receive tho sanction of the Home Governient. At the presontiime, when all descrip tions of property pssessinp- the advantage of water frontage ominund such nn exten sive influence on lie prices obtained for land, we are reqnoted to point out to our numerous renders, rot only thu advantages that must arise froa this source, but also, the great advant;i|es that must result to speculators, as we! ns intending residents, from the almost univnllfd beauties of the surrounding seener. We need only men tion the sale will omo ofT at Mr. Stubbs, on Tuesday next, it twelve o'clock, and that we allude to Nioodford. In consequence dthe wet weather which has prevailed of lite, we rnijret to state that great numbprrcf out of door labourers have been thrownont of employment, nnd tho result is that iumerons culls are mndn on tho charitable for assistance. If these labourers would conjult their own interests they would nn lonoor bo exposed to the precarious sub.ilstnieo they now nro ; thoro is ample empldyrient for men up tho country as shiyiifuls, where they would got good wagOMiml good rations, no matter what tho woatUr might bo, tustead of being compelled to lip, when rain continues for many days, iu Sydney. One thing more whicli leads tothe distressful tho laboring c1u?h la the osrbitnut rent domandiul by landlords forovn tho most miserable hovels In tho back Rtrcts. This has been one of the ovll rfTuctsof fho building net, what ever good it 'ny have done in other re spects. We nrtnlnly should recommend persons bavin! property lying idle near sydnoy, whole tlio building not does not roach,' to ornoibulUllngn sui'h ns could ha occupied by tit poorer mechanics nnd la bouring olassejof .Sydney, Sovornl stiif* of tea linvo boon olu-ctnd this week, at £i UK per oltf-st, by tho him dntd, nt kIioi] cnullts. Tho rutnll prlco mny bo (|iiolei|at £8. Thn price of whent hat iiiiiterlullj'.lcclliiod, nnd brntul In con sequuiica, U Ilircnpi-nco pur four-pound' loiifchonjjor, Sugar linn taken n downwind inuvtMiKtiir, belijr quoted on tlio avorngo, about £10 por tin iintlur last wuek'H pilous. Wo nro reqestod by Mr. Slubbt to correct, nil orroln nu mlvortltiomont In tho Aiifllrnlliii) of^!)lli Juh», stntlni» thut a portion of tM Hollo Ombro Kstuto, nt Cook'N Hlvnr, tas nbotight -o bu brought Into tho tnnrku: it should hnvn luicti, 100 iiaro', ndjolnluj thnt Kstntu, nnd forming no pnrt of IliOBiimo, but now en 1 1 ml tho Villngo of ' fjATHEHlNA.' opposite tho Coul Works. . . The debit ncco'n nis of n bn nk nevt-r ough to exceed tho capital j if we land money out the faith of a circulation of our notes, we are working upon n fictitious capital which has no existence. As long, therefore, ns tho debit nccounts nro lint equal with the capltiil'-of a bank, wo nrc simply mnking nu exchange, nnd not iucrunsingiiordecrensing tho value of money. — Atlas, March 27. There aro thirty emigrant vessels now at tho St. Cat herirte'tt Docks fitliiur out for Sydney, HobartTuwn, Canada, New York, nnd N'uw Zanlnnd. Five thousand berths arc tnken for New Zealand to sail iu the month of April.-— Ibid. The totnl value* of thn moneys coined at tho mint from 1837 to 18-J0, both inclusive, wnsas follows, vi/. , gold coinage, £4,G12,762; silver coinage, £847,{)81 ; and copper coin nun. £14.336, mnkirig altogether tho sum or£5,475,079.--//nV/. Dktuntion of Newspapehs. — The fol lowing has boon received from Colonel Muberly, the secretary to tho Postmaster General, who also announces thnt the strictest investigation shnll be miide into the numerous complaints preferred of the irregulni transmission of newspnpors. — ' Caution to postmasters, sub-postmasters, or other persons employed in the Post office. General Post-ollice, February, 1841. The complaints on the subject of 'missing newspapers, stated tohnve been committed tothe post, continuo to be so numerous, that his lordship thinks it expedient that every one engaged in the Post-office service should be rnado acquainted with the 32nd. section of tho act 1st Vic., cap. 36, by which it is provided, 'That every person employed in the Post-olfico who shall steal, or 'shall secrete or destroy, or shall wilfully detain or delay in course of conveyance or delivery thereof by the post, any printed newspaper, without covers, or in covers open nt tho sides, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, being convicted thereof, shall suffer such punishment, by fine or imprisonment, or by both, as to the court shall seem moiit.' And his lordship further desires it may bn distinctly under stood that every individual acting in any capacity in this service of tho Post-oflice, who shall be guilty of such an offence, will bo prosecuted with the utmost rigour of the law. 13y command, W. L. Maberly, So cretnry. It would seem by an advertisement, pigned by^ some of the proprietors' in the Australasian Stenm Navigation Company, calling a meeting to consider the p opriety ofdissolving the Company, and distributing rateably the sums subscribed, that tho pro ject of tho originators of the Company here will not be carried into efl'ect ; such, how ever, is not the case with the Australian Stoam Navigation Company nt homo, for, by the latest intclligeucu received of it, it appears that a large number of vessels were building for it. There appears on thR estimate which has been voted for tho Medical Establishment, an item £25 for the clerk to the Medical Board. The only thine* wo remember to have emanated from this Board last jear was the celebrated ' Report.'' Was it for wiiting n fair copy of thnt valuable docu ment, to be presented to his Excellency, that tho clerk to the Medical Board re ceived £25 last year ? The Ariel, purchased by Government to convey to immigrants in quarantine, fresh provisions, &c;, is to be put upon tho water police establishment for the better preven tion of smuggling, &c.; Should her services as quarantine vessel bo again unfortunately required she. will be available for that purpose also. We have before frequently noticed the undertaking of Mr. Low, the modeller of Hobart Town, who has been for some time engaged in preparing a model of Sydney, intended ultimately for exhibition in Eh have compelled him to' solicit public sub scription in order to complete the model. He has, within the last few dnys, made nn appeal to the various public bodies of Sydney interested in exhibiting to enp ittilists at home the real state of Sydney, so far as its extent, &c;, and to ail who wish to shew friends in England wlint Sydney really is. We -most coidinlly le commend Mr. Low to the support of these public bodies nnd of the colonifts generally, and wo trust that the subscriptions realised will be sufficient to render any further ap peal unnecessary. Publicans are, as it now pretty generally known, liable to a fine of £5 if they serve a constable with any liquor while such constable , is on duty. Is a constable pun ishable for nndcavouring to obtain such liquor while on duty? Or, furthor, aro two or more constables punishable for conspiring to ? trnp* n publican, by entering his house together, and endeavouring to obtain liquor, with tho intention of getting such publican fined afterwards ? How is a publican to know whether a constable is on duty or not j for many of the Knights of the* Staff sport nothing less than their uniform, wh«ther on duty or ofT dutyf It would be prudence, and in fact, the only course which can be safely followed, for one and all of the licensed victuallers, in Sydney, to refuse to serve tho constables at any time, whether during the hours of duty or aftflr the hours, which such pub licans are allowed by their licenses to keep open their houses. But a few weeks ago bakers said that bread would rise to 2s, 6.1. : now they say it will be down to 4d. Tho butchers aro determined not to pny for good meat while they can get any thing for less money, careless whet her their customers are pleased or not, as the latter must take what they sell or go without altogether. The only way in which this evil can be lemedind is, for n few cnttle and sheep holders to follow nn exnmple already sot them, kill their own bonsts, and send ilium to market for snlo. Thoy will thus' be conferring a be nefit on tho Sydney public, nnd the latter will not fail to bo good customers to them for thoir good meat, if thoy have sufficient notice of when nnd where it is to be pur clinsori. Tho number of gns-lights U rnpidly in creasing throughout the town. Tho Go vernment lnmps, nnd the public-house lamps, will, an Sir Goorge Gipps observes, go n great way to light up the streets of Sydnoy ? but wo are very glnd to observe, that several proprietors of houses in va rious parts of the town linvo nlso had lnmps oreetod on thuir propertied, thus nfibrding grant nccommodatlou to their tenants iu particular, and to tho public nt Itirge. Wo must say. however, that wo were consi derably cllJinppotntfld nt the uhhu! apathy dlsplnyed by tho inhabitants of Sydney a short tltno ftgo, when n mooting was called to -lovlne moans for defraying tho expanse of Hf-htlng the lawn RaiieruMy ! thooxponso would bo «n trifling that nu ono would fool it. Sir Georuo Gipps hopns, that tho ? Corporntlon' will boo to tho ontlro lighting of tho town. Ho liopeR too, thnt thov will romovo ulnughtor-hnuies, and so forth, from tho town : in fact, ho hopos thoy will do every thing Tliuo will show. Tho primnut Is perhaps uh good nn op portunity, us will 'iFur for »omo tlmo, of culling tho nttontlon of tho nnthorltlos to thn iiHsorublo ntn*o In which some of our BtrautH nro allowed to romnlu, In many of tho principal thoroughfaroH largo collec tions of wntor hnvo takoti plnoo ; and iftho IioIdh nro not Illlnd up bolbro tho mm bo comoR Hoinowliat wnrmer than nt prosunt, we Hlinll hnvo uulnoino slonuhuH avlstug in nil prtrts of tho town, which Is alrcndy suf ficiently unhealthy, Strnio timb ngo tin Governor callud for n return of t'ho various nuisances which existed in Sydney in the shape of filthy lnnes, &O.;, which return whs sent in j nrid, wo belicvo, orders issued by tho Superintendent of' Police to tnkn such means ns would compel tho removal of thorn Very little has bunn dono as yet; and, evory time we are visited with rnin, thu mnttui* becomes worsa, ns thorn is no o'uliflt from innnj' plui-os, aiul its being washed to soino spot, wl»Hr« rnsistauco is olliired to further progress, only causes a still grenter accumulation. It will bo seen that thoninount whicli it wns intended to appropriate to the con st ruction of n dain across Georgo's River, similar to that across Cook's Hivur, has been struck off tho estimates for the ensu ing your. One of Sir Georgu Gipps' chief reasons for doing this, wns thnt he might be enabled to ascertain some what more of the opinion of the public as to the desirability of such nu under taking; of tho practicability of the project, His Excullpncy has alrondy assured himself. Tho inhabitants of Syd ney would be bcuefitted by it, ns nn ndcli tional source of providing fresh water for all time to come would bo nfibulud, nnd for ourselves, we should imagine that the n(U vantages would be far greater to those who have not Cook's River to depend upon. The stoppage of the navigation of George's Hiver has, it would appear, been urged as an objection, but as it was stated by an hon ourable Member in Council on Tiipsdnv, wo should imagine this to be so inconsi derable ns not to be worthy of nttcntion in prejudice of. such nn untlurtnking. As the_ practicability of the project lias been decided upon, and the government is evi dently in favour of it, is is for those most interested to come forward nt once nnd pronounce their opinions for or nguinst tho undertaking. Tho Governor intends having nil the land belonging to tho Crown about Cook's nnd Georgia's Rivers surveyed nnd brought to sale, at the discretion of government. Thu land is described as exceedingly good, and .the high price realisud foi private property of late, has induced this step on tho nnrt of the Govern ment. Tho Prosbyter'inns of Parrnmntta, aro it nppenrn, ns far from being of accord as ever. More memorials nnd representations have been mndc to the government, nnd some of tho council. The Governor has, we understand, declined to interfere, as nil hns been done that could or can be done by the government. A post master in the Interior, praying for an increase of remuneration for his ser vices in that capacity, states that 'he has. ' a character, n wife, and four children, and the rest coining,' to suppoit on £14 for the half-year. An honourable member communicated two important historical facts to the Coun cil on Tuesday last The first wns, that the Pyramids of Egypt hnd been con structed for tho purpose of facilitating the operations of the celebrated surveyors of those days ; and secondly, that the 'Flying Dutchman, tho mention of whose name is so alnrmiug to seamen of the present day, was no other than some ignorant mariner, who nevnr paid any attention to the varia tion^ of the compass, and therefore kept sailing about for ever, without knowing Where ho was. While on tho subject of the Colonial En gineer's department on Tuesday, Sir George Gipps took occasion to innke some allusion to the opening of roads, where it was not wholly done by government, but by private subscript ions. 'The Governor said that there would be no objection on the part ofgo ven.ment to lend men for such purposes when they bud tHnm hut it could scarcely uo «mu tiio^ Had any ns yet, tne hjmjjiI rnent system having so ' lately erased. Moreover,. His Excellency observed, that in addition to labour he hnd been asked for money, as the subscriptions were not always enough. In tome enses it might be desir able to give Bssistnncsjin money nlso ; more especially where roads passed over Crown lands, fof then the Crown in its cnpnclty of proprietor, was bound to contribute in soino measure as well ns the private individual who was benefitted by the opening of such roads. There nro numerous applications already for men and money to innke roads, and wo recommend the colonists not to be backward in pressing them, while the go vernment is so well inclined to assist them. There aro strange stories going about relative to Norfolk Island, and the system pursued by Captain Maconochie. The removal of Mr. Onnsby by the latter, like that of Mr. Pinnock by the home govern ment has given some dissatisfaction. We have every desire to give Captain Macono chie's system n full trial. But, with regard to Norfolk Island j there is, we are told, a Thentre(l) building; there are sixteen men employed as a Band (I) to discourse sweet music to the unfortunates on the island. There are prisoners who rejoice in fign boards, 'boot nnd shoemaker,' &c;, &a;, &c;,, and who buy the government leather nnd re-sell it manufactured into shoes. There are convicts holding three years' leases of portions of tho island from Captain Maconochie ; and in all pnrts of the island we nro informed there nro bonts building, thnt is, where shelter and hiding is afforded, in order it would seem to ndtl to the number of probabilities for escape. Of course but little can bo positively known here, ns correspondence with Norfolk Island is but limited ; but we believe his Excel lency Sir George Gipps hns received some strange Information before this, which will not enhance the Rystom in his estimation. The cases heard in the Insolvent Dub tor's Court yesterday, were all uninterest insr, save thnt of 'Mcssis. Spllsbnry and M'Eachorn, late proprietors of the Colonial, who were detained at the suits of R. Jones, Esq., Messrs. Dunlop and Co., and Mr. Andrew Lang. Messrs. Miuithorpo and Gurner for tlie two first plaintiff*, moved the couit that an nsslgneo might be ap pointed to the estnte. nnd Mr. Foster, as counsel for Mr. Andrew Lang, opposed the discharge of the insolvents. Mi M'Ea chorn underwent a brief examination, but Mr, Spilsbury wns merely sworn to the truth of his schodulo, nnd both were dis charged, his Honour Mr. Justice Stephen remarking, that ho wished tho insol vent law wns such ns to ennblo him to dls charge them altogether from tbulr debts, as well as to dischargo thoir persons from custody, Mr. Foster, on behnlf of Mr, Lnng, propmed Mr, James Noble as as signee j but this was objnetod to on tho pnrt-of-tlt«-other-detnlning creditors, who proposed Mr, Morris or Mr. Campbell, the ncoountants, Mr. Morris was appointed by tho court. Mr, Glrard, lnte miller, wiih romnntlod ; Mr. White, Burgeon, of Wind sor, wan discharged, as nlso Mr. M'Nlsh, Into linon drnpnr,-of Htmtfirstreet. TniWTUK,— On Thursday evening last, the vory interesting tlrnmn of '? J lio 1-iills of Clytlo' was produced. The pnrt Ian ongnged in the roprosontntlou, did uinplii Justice to thoir oliurnotors. Tlio house wn» ronpootnbly nttondod. nud the jierforinntiuo gnvp much satisfaction. 'Tho l'nlls of Civile' Is to be repented this evontug. The Auditor-General has been Boriously III for toino tlmo pust, nnd oonsenuoiit y not nblo to attend to his duties in Council. Thn Commniider«lri'Chlof hns boon nbiiont hitherto, wo belloro through Indisposition, His Honour tho Chiof JmhUoo took lilHRont on Tuesday, for tho first tlWo this bobsIoii. The Socoml Anniinl Gcnornl Mooting of tlio Minrclioiilaraof tlio Sydney Gas com-innyn-ns held on Thursday, at tho company's nflice, Meut.-Col. Ilarnoy In tlio ??linlr. Prom tho Se cretary's Ilfjinrt, It appeared that thu whole of tho uliarcH nubscrlbed for, O7J18 lu number, had linen paid up lu full, ninklnfr tho suuHcrlbud capital atf.VDO, . bitslilus BOO olinrcs. allotted last your to tliolmnduii shnreliolilorM. Thu loiifftli of main nljm laid down to tliu JlOth Junn win upwards of nnven miles, besides (),(i,'J7 fcut of scrvlcu plpo i thn directors hnvo ordered' roni England mtilim for nil tliu remaining streets In tho tou'ii thnt lmve linen pemanently tovcllul by tiovcriimiint ; nnd when thesu are laid, thu company's lino of mnin will exceed nlovcn miles nnd n quarter. The report Htated that tho colonlnl coal hnd proved to bo ns well ndnpted fur thu mniuifnuturoof pis as thu nvw. age of the Uup-llsh coal, yluldlng not only ex. cellont gnu, but n flnlr proportion -if coke, coal, tar, and tunonln. The number 'of lights laid on worn stated to bo — On tho llrot night of lighting* (2flth Mny) 181 Latd on between thnt nud thu Jlltit Mny . . 81 Ditto In Juno ? ?, , # , ^qq 1'ubltc street lumps ? \\\ g.'j Totnl on 30th' Juno .. .. 085 This wns exclusive of seven ty-ono orders on thn coninnny'M bonks not then executed. Thnnks were voted to tho Clinirmnn, Deputy Chairman, Directors, and otheroflieer-i, for their services during thn pnst year; special voles of thanks was also given to tliu Secretary, nnd to thn ISiifriticer, for thu zeal and ability constantly' (llH|)lnyi)il by them In tlio company's ser vice. The following gentlemen worn elected Directors for thocnsulngyi-ar: — Meut.-Coloncl Barney (Chairman), and Fileut.-Colonel Shnil furtli (Deputy Clinirmnn) ; Dr. Nicholson, Mr. fleorgc Miller, Major Christie, Dr. Mitchell, Mnjnr Smyth, Captain Imiea, Messrs. A. B. Sjinrk, Thomas JInrkcr, J. T. Goodtrln, nnd John Irvine; nnd Messrs. John Lord nnd The mas Goro, Auditors. The lengthened discussion which has excited so much interest at the School of Arts, relative to the existence or non-existence. of spectres, ghosts, &c.;, was concluded on Monday evening. The Rev. D. Mackenzie occupied the chair, and contributed as much to the life and spirit of the evening as on former occasions. Mr Rennie, and Mr Slatterie read some interesting papers relative to the subject in debate, two of which were written by ladies. Mr Rae opened the adjourned debate, in which he referred to the universal belief in superna- tural appearances, and quoted from Spencer, Shakspeare, Milton, &c.;, in confirmation. He also maintained, that superstition, so far from being unfriendly to religion, was, to a certain extent, necessary for the formation and culti- vation of religious as well as poetical feeling. Mr Taylor replied, and contended that no good reason existed, for believing that spiritual beings ever visited our earth. He conceived that sufficient reason was to be found why neither good nor bad spirits should be allowed thus to leave their place of abode. We regret we cannot do justice to this speech, it was full of sound sense expressed in powerful language. Two gentlemen followed, whose names we could not catch. Mr Rennie introduced some striking and well-told facts, and many humour- ous and interesting illustrations. He is de- cidedly an anti-ghostologist. The Chairman at this stage of the proceedings gave the cor- rect version of the celebrated story relative to Mr Fisher's ghost at Campbelltown. Mr Slatterie spoke in reply, answering some state- ments made by different speakers in the course of the debate, and affirming, that the principles he maintained were calculated to remove rather than increase superstitious terror. On the question being put from tho Chair, "Is there any ground for believing in supernatural ap- pearances ?" It was negatived by a large ma- jority. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was carried by acclamation, and the crowded meet- ing dispersed at about half-past ten o'clock. The subject for discussion on Monday next, In cludes all tho arguments for and against Tee tot allsni, &c;, Including tho two questions, Whether any pledge at nil !*) necessary or de. slriblc, and if any, Whether tho Tec-total or Tnmpcrance Pledge Js preferable. Tlio Lectures at the Mechanics' School of Arts are we are happy to say attracting more attention this season than they have in former years. This is a proof that the advantages of the In- stitution are more generally appreciated, and the benefits conferred by it will increase in proportion. The proceedings in the debating class too, have excited considerable interest. Our space will not allow us to give reports of these proceedings, which are scarcely fitted for the columns of a newspaper, but we earnestly recommend the Institution to our readers, old and young. A Meeting of the Shareholders of the Ge- neral Steam Navigation Company, will be held this day, at 3, p.m., at their Office, Commercial Wharf. Matters of considerable importance to the Shareholders will be presented for discus- sion. No one of them should be absent on this occasion. We are very glad to see that a footpath, so long needed on the right hand side of Hunter-street, from George-street, is now in progress of formation. A few cart-loads of metal would be of great advantage to Bridge- street. We understand that the Market Wharf is in an exceedingly dangerous state, several carts having been upset in consequence of the deep ruts, &c.;, and lives both of men and horses endangered. The Governor has been pleased to ap- point Mr. Albert Maxwell Hutchinson, to be Clerk of Petty Sessions, at Mudgee, in the room of Mr. Richard Dunn, resigned. And Mr. Donald R. M'Donald, to be Clerk of the Petty Sessions at Picton, in the room of Mr. James Pearson, deceased. A Gentlenman named Crisp, who arrived by the Abberton, has brought out with him a splendid Bay Colt, sire Midas, dam by Emilius, grand dam by Paulinus, great grand dam by Necromancer, Necromancer by Philandorf ; and also several Leicester and South Down rams of a superior breed. We have seen a sketch of the size of the South Down Rams, he gained a prize of thirty sovereigns at Redgrave, Suffolk, last year. The approaching " slashing " meeting at the Hawkesbury promises from what we have heard to be superior to any yet witnessed in the Colony. No trouble has been sparcd to pro- mote the furtherance of the " lovers of the Turf.' A grand new Stand has been erected, which commands a splendid view of the whole course, and from the judicious arrangements of the Stewards, it is to be anticipated that " cut and drive again will be the order of the day." THE CORN LAWS AND IMPORT DUTIES.— On Wednesday se'night, a numerous and respectable meeting of the electors of Dundee was held in the Thistle Hall, for the purpose of considering the question of the corn laws, with the view of adopting measures for their repeal. Bailie Johnson presided, George Kinloch, Esq., of Kinloch's, shortly addressed the meeting, and showed the necessity which existed for a combined effort, otherwise all hopes of success either from the present Government or any other, was excluded. He was confident that the great battle of the corn laws must be fought on the hustlings. Mr Alexander Eas- son, manufacturer, moved the first resolution, which referred to the evils of a restrictive and prohibitory system of commerce. Mr David Baxter, in seconding the resolution, went into a long statistical detail, showing the evil effects of the corn laws. The second resolution, to the effect that the electors present should pledge themselves to vote for no candidate who would not pledge himself to vote for a repeal of those laws, was moved by Mr Edward Barter, and seconded by Mr Thomas Neish. Mr John Peter suggested, that Sir Henry Par- nell should be requested to vote in accordance with the views of the meeting. Mr Neish said this was quite unnecessary, as Sir Henry was a member of the committee on the Import du- ties and he was anxious that the electors of Dundee should come forward and support the movement. Mr John Sturrock, In an able speech, supported the third resolution, expres- sive of approval of the report by the committte of the House of Commons on the subject of the Important duties. This was seconded by Mr. W. G. Baxter, and supported by Dr. Grey. Petitions to both houses of Parliament were moved by Mr. Andrew Low, shipowner. and seconded by Mr. Thomas Powrie.-Dundee Warder. A man nnmed Tilly,, droppod down dond nttho corner of Kent'aud Market-streets, yesterday evening. An inquest will be hold upon the body to-day. , By a roturn moved for by Mr. Fox Mnulo, M.P., and lnid upon the table by order of the Homo of Commons, it. nppeared that tho 'total number of paupers relieved in Kn glnnd and in Wnles, during tho quarter ended Lady Dny, amounted to 1,201,3-14. The propor'tion of the in-door nnd out-door pnupers rellevnd, to the population for tlie ume period, was eight six ?tenths por cent. This fuct is unhnswernble, so far. as tho ar gument advanced bj' some of tho Coolie nd vocntesj-'who talk of philanthropy niul be nevolence and so forth, in bringing nwny the Coolies fromstorvation to plenty. Whilo eight out of every hundred of our own onntryinen nt homo are driven to seek relief from thuirpnrishes,no man possessed of right feeling would dream of expending on an inferior degraded caste of fotolgnurs, capital which if properly directed and np proprintcd would nlleviateso much distress in the mother country, nnd bring to our shores an abundant supply of every descrip tion of labour. We have taken occasion to ascertain, so far as possible, tho opinions, of those iu tftrosted in the formation of the Campbell Town-road,1 and tho almost unanimous opinion is in favour of the line lni^'clown by our talented Surveyor-General, Sir 'I'homas Mitchell. As wu nre aware that the Government is very properly anxious to obtain the concurrence of public opiiiion before commencing a work of this kind, we are happy on this occasion, to be able r.o state, that the course recommended by the head of the Survey ing department, meets with general approbation. Markkt. — The Governor hnving laid be forethe Kxccutlvn Cmincil, a resolution adopted at a Public Meeting of Iho Inhabitants of Mul lxuirnd, held on tbu 521st of January, 1841, In conformity with the provisions of the Act of the Colonial Legislature, 3rd Victoria No. 1 0, in favor of establishing a Market within the said town ; Ills Excellency directs It to bo notified, with the ndvlce of tlio said Council, that he has np]irovcd of the establishment of a Market at Melbourne accordingly. 