Legislative Council. TUESDAY, JULY 20. Present-His Excellency Sir George Gipps ; the Lord Bishop of Australia; the Colonial Secretary ; the Attorney General ; the Col- lector of Customs ; Sir John Jamison ; Mr. Blaxland ; Mr. Jones ; Mr. Campbell ; Mr. Berry; Mr. H. M'Arthur, and Mr. James M'Arthur. ¦MUTUAL INSURANCE CO.UPANY^ Tlic Governor rose and said, that on the last day of tho meciiug of Council, ho lind slated that lhere woro several bills of a private nature, which, rn accordance tvith that: formality re quired by law, hud lo bo posted on tile Church doors three consecutive Sundays before they could bo laid before the Council, j This, he said, was now in course of beingcomplied with; bul tho earliest day on which those bills could bo brought forward, was Tuesday next. He should now, however, present the petition from the Directors of tho Mutual Assurance Com- pany, praying that a bill might be1 introduced to legalize their proceedings. The bill, he said, was an unusual one, and it. required no little consideration to distinguish bctweon thu objects of tho society, and tho objects of tito bill; it was tho object of the society to carry on business without a large subscribed capital; 'but if a proper guarantee was held out to; the public, toensure them from loss, he would bemost happy, lt was supposed, by tho tono of ibo public pres?, -th-tt ho was opposed to such institutions; on the contrary, he was inclined to v'L'w them ns fraught with advantage to the community; for if these societies caa be carried on'without ca- pital, so much the better. Cupital in this oniony can be invested muah moreprofitably ; for there aro no " Funds," as in ^iijrlanU; and tho two or threo societies of .this description! which exist hore, aro as much discount, as assurance establishments. Discounting, he re grefed to say, had been carried on here to a most ruinous extent, as recent events had but too clearly shown. When we do without the necessity of a subscribed capital, we must liavo agnarantep-; as long as there aro no great ca lami'tios, affairs can np doubt bo managed, but the time might como, when tho Bocielv might be eallod.onto pay £20,000 or. £80,000, jwhrch thoy would not have funds to meet. ..To-provide for this, each person on becoming a member, gives u bond that he will be 1 tabla in a deriah) sum ; in the event of having cluims (In the society, one- can levy on the.property (if any one of the twenty one directors, and thereheing such a number, he considered it hard if he could not obtain his amount, tho diroctoraagain' to levy on the property of the eharehtddepa to the extent of the respective amounts -the j had become liable for. Tho chief difficulty, he imagined, would'he to get directors to encounter, tho hasard ; that was his doubt; it v^ouhl also bo necessary to give some additional securities . to tho directors, and, tho bill hi had no doubt might be soamended as to securo that object, and be rendered worthy of the confi- dence of the public ; the bill this society wished the Council to pass, was dissimilar from others of a like tendency. In England, Benefit So cioties were formed by a deed of settlement: here, however, lhere was no deed of sGltleinenl, but rules which all were made to adhere to, hy signing a bond, but it was immaterial whether tho society was cons.ituted by rules or by u deed of settlement. Whereas all companies make their own rules, this society came lo got their rules made for them, they ought to have made them a portion of the bill, and as is cus- tomary in other bills, it should bc discussed clause by clause, paragraph by paragraph, and line byline* now, as there woro sixty seven rules, it would occupy no little time in tlie dis cussion?but the question for hon. members to consider was, whether or not this associutiun wasivorthy of public confidence, and might be empowered to stto as well as be sued, in the manner already stated ; each man bj signing thc bond, binds himself to the rules. Thc peti- tion is respectably signed, meantime jjl do not intend to propose a committee-for ils cjnsidera lion, mordy that the petition bo read.) His Excellency then; presented the'petition,' which was read as follows : ? I To His Excellency Sir George Gipps, Kniglt, Captain General .ind Governor of Now South Willes mil ita -De- pendencies.'um! tito Honorable tho Legislates Council of New Stuth Wales, in Council assembled, I The humble petition of the undersigned, i ' . Suewktii, j That we, the undersigned, have formed ourselves into an Association, for the^iiiutuiil protection of' each-other from loss by fire, under the name of the Mutual Injuraiico As- sociation, and believing, with many others, desirous of its stfecces that it will he attended with very beneficial tffnets to its members and the public, do solicit front Your Ex- cellency, by and. with the consfnt of vour' Uouornble Council, such enact ns will enable us to cany into effect tho intentions of the Association. The Association lins now two hundred und fifty members, mid the property in- sured exceeds 6oven' hundred thousand poutids, with a daily increase, rendering it necesanry for the safety of the members and security to the public that it should receive your sanction, 'which will, guarantee toils nlembers tho duo performance of its engagements ont! t.'i« benefits'to the public proposed by the formation of stich an nsso ciatiun. ; Your petitioners therefore, humbly pray your Excel- lency and your Honorable Council, to pnss sich o hill us will carry into effect the object before mentioned. And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray, &c.; &c.; ?¦¦ . I Mr. James Macarthur rose, and said, that as one bf the trustees of tho institution, he "had called at their office, that he might (bo put in .possession of that information, which was so essential to a right understanding of the sub- ject. Ile said he concurred with His Excel lency, that tho institution was one likely to confer great benefit on tho community, and was entitled to an act as mnch as any other com- pany, and trusted tho Council would allow the society to make their own bye-laws, \- This finished the discussion. THE COOLIE PETITION. On the order of the day being called Mr. James M'Arthur said that ho rose for thc pnrposo of presenting a petition regarding the introduction of Coolie Labourers into this Colony ; the petition was signed by 202 per- sons, of these 60 were Magistrates of the Ter- ritory, and tho majority consisted of -mon of the first respectability and influence in the Colony. He then said that it was necessary for him to state the object of the motion he was to make, that it was his intention to move that the peti- tion which he held in bis hand bo referred to a Committee of the Council; the nature of the petition he could not better express than in the language of the petitioners, who hoped that the subject .would be thoroughly investigated by both the Local and British Authorities. The Governor then moved that the following petition be read :? To his Excellency Sir George Gipps. Knight, Captain General, and Governor-in-Cljief of the Territory cf New South Wales and tts Dependencies, and Viec-Admiral ol tbe same, and to thc llouoiuble the Legislative Council, in Council assembled. Tho bumble Petition of tbe undersigned Landholder and other Employers of Labour, iu the said Colony. fcBflTETU, 1\. That your petitioners, in common with their fellow colonists at large; are Buffering severely from the deficiency of labourers, moie especially from the want of shepherds, whereby their flocks,- which supply tho principe! staple export for the liritish market, are subject to the most alar- ming deterioration aud loss. ii. That tbe price cf labour has consequently risen to a height altogether disnioporlioned to thc value of wool, and to^the gen?)al profit: of agnciiltuiaj and j.-asloial t>uie;;its, t and tims threatens die most ruinons consequences to all clusscfl of tho coimiitinily, ljut particularly to flockmsmlors, who hold tho largest stake tn tho prosperity nf die colony, and in whoso success that prosperity mainly consists. 3 That tho occii'aliens of a shepherd aro so lie;lit and simple, that lo employ therein the great bodily powers of lSiitish lahouicia, vu uld bua mis-application of stten^ih, since I he more active depaitineuts ol industry will for many years to come, be sufficient tu absorb all tho energies of European immigrants. 4\. That Tor moro than five years past, the attention of many ol your potiiionets li au beeti ditccied lo the subject of iuimijivalion from Hrilish India ; and llie moro they have reflected thereon, Hie deeper has become their conviction that sud) immigration, if conducted on sound principles, and under the immediate supervision of tho respective Govern- ments of ibis colony and of India, would be tho readiest and most effectual means of relieving their precut necessities, ami of averting the tuin with which ihey arc now threatened ; and would, moieovcr, confer impoitaut benefits upon ihe immigrants themselves. 5\. Tint thia conviction is not founded upon mere theory but has been justified by a limited experience, forty three Coolie Immigrants having been employed in vhmous pursuits by Burne of your petitioneis, ilu'riug llie last four years and a halt'; and nany of your pcii'ioners can testify that the experiment has equalled or surpassed their most sanguine expectations. 6\. That so confidently do your petitioners rely upon the accuracy ol'the data upon which llieir high estimate of tho value of Indian immigration is founded, ti:at all they desire in, that thc subject should undergo t'>c most thorough inves- tigation un llio part of thc local and 13.nish aulhotilies, convinced as they are-that ibo result would be not Uss satisfactory lo llet Majesty's Government than lo your petitioners -themselves. 7\. That having observed that a Committee on Immigration has been recently appointed by your Honourable. Council, your petitioners avail themselves of si favourable a iunctuie of humbly submitting their present case to tho candid consi- deration of your Excellency and your Honourable' Council, in the hope that an opportunity may ho afforded them nf entering into all the details of tho subject,, and of thereby removing the various prcjmliccB ly which it'has' hitherto been obscured * Wherefore your petioners humbly" pray lint your Ex- cellency and your Honourable'Council will bu pleased to take thu premises into your most favourable consideration lind refer the whole question of Indian Immigration, to a Committee of your Honourable Council, with instructions lo lake evidence thereon ami to-reporl. Anil your petitioners will ever pray, &c;, Ste. New South Wales, 22nd June, 1841. After wliich, Mr. James M'Arthur resumed. He said that a direful want of labour was ex- perienced, so inuuh so that it was.-'scarcely necessary for him to resort lo proving that which was so obvious to all; ho would beg to refer tho Council to the resolutions adopted last Session of Council.?¦ That tho nppropriolion, for the period from the 1st July, 1833, (o tlieSOtli December, 18! 1, of so largo mi amount (nb.iut £597,0no) of tho Colonial Revenue, arising partly from the-salo of publio hinds, partly from ordinary re- sources, io defraying the v.-hoh; ch-trgos of the Police and Gaol Establishments, including buildings, and the conse- quent diminution of tlioiso funds which would have been available for the introduction of free labour, every branch of the productive industry of the colony is in danger of fulling into decay, to tho grout ioss and injury not only of tho colony, but of the puront stato also, more especially of ita manufacturing, commercial, and shipping interests. Tho Colony was at the present moment suf- fering the very height of distress from tho want of labour, and he thought that if our case was brought under the consideration of the Home Government,, they would be bound lo carry out their implied pledge of appropriating the land fund to its legitimate use; ho was perfectly aware that many respectable persons were in- duced to emigrate to this Colony on tho faith of that pledge, which tended to encrease the demand for labour j this was felt not only in agricultural pursuits, but more especially in sheep farming. He was ready to admit that a much greater facility ofoblaining workmen exist- ed in the town, for labourers had astrong aversion to guinn into the bush or back settlements. If halt" of thu sum he said which was appropriated to tho maintenance of the Police and Gaol Establishments, was applied for tlie~ purpose^of importing British, labourers, wo should not stand in such need as we do noir. Ile did not then wish to enter into a discussion of thu sub- ject of importing labour from India; his own impression was, nay. his firm conviction was against such a course being adop'ed ; all thal, he or the petitioners asked was a thorough in vesligution?ibis course might have some effect with tho British Government, and induce them to repay a part nt least'of that money which was used to servo their own purposes, and upon which the Colony has just claims?he begged that the petition be received. : Sir John Jamison seconded the motion, and the petition was accordingly received. Mr. James A*Arthur then moved that the petition be referred to a Committee?this would, ho believed, be the best course, as tho Com mitteo now sitting on European Emigration, would have an opportunity of reporting at once. Tko Bishop said it would bo injudicious to, refer the petition to the Committee sitting on Emigration,' as ho wai perfectly convinced they could not return an unanimous report. If ho was entitled to express any opinion on the subject, it would be that the petition bo referred to a distinct Committee, who would be able to make use of the evidence already before the Emigration Commiitee?this would save no little time, which otherwise would bc lost. Mr. James M*Arthur said that his Lordship had misunderstood him j that there was no necessity to mis up the report upon the Coolie question with that upon general Emigration, lor it was the opinion of the petitioners that if both questions were not kept distinct, justice would not bo.done; he therefore said, that the Committee might return a seperate report.^ Mr. Berry said, that in his opinion, the pe- tition ought to bo referred to the Committee on European Emigration, who might report sepa rateJ}', which course he saidj would meet the views of the petitioners. Mr. Hannibal M'Arthur said, he fully con- curred in all that fell from his friend Mr. Berry, and said as the present committee were in possession of in tu-li information on the sub- ject, it would be the wisest course to refer the petition to them, raiher than toa new Com- mittee. Mr. JoneB said, as the two questions were so widely different, he objected strongly' to refer- ring ihe petition to the sitting Committee, who should have nothing to do with the introduction of Hill Coolies. He apprehended that the persons who were so much in lovo with the idea of Coolie labour, would find that if they ob- tained their desires, nothing but disappoint- ment would follow. The question should risc or fall on its own merits, and should ,, not be mixed up ¦¦ with any other subject. Ho norable members, he said, might complain of a scarcity of labourers ; but he would say, that he could obtain as many labourers, Scotch and English, as he required ; he might pay a little dear for them ; still he could get enough. If the subject is entered into at all, let it go to a separate committee. Mr. Blaxland said that additional labour was so much required, that unless they speedily ob- tained it the colony would assuredly be ruined ! What, he said, is to become of the sheep, and what of our exports? Why be afraid of infro ducing Coolies?is it because a mixed race would spring up ? The thing was ridiculous, for no women would accompany them ; the in- troduction of these men would not only confer d [advantages on the colony, but on themselves, as it was well known tho many bardfilrij'6 mid I sufferings they had to encounter in their own I country. ? ¦ _ '! Mr. James;M'Arthttr said that the question was, whether tho petition bc -referred t«>-a new I committee, or that sitting.- Ho thought thal the present committee might make a soparate re- port. Sir John Jamison supported tho prayer of) thc petition, and said that Coolie labour would) bo more profitable than convict. His Excellency said that ho could not en- tirely agree with Hon. Members .that this wns a new question. In 1837, the same-subject was brought beforo tbe Council?it was not then separated from tho general question of| Emigration-it was a branch of Emigration, i and treated ns such. Should a new Committee be appointed, tho general impression would be that it was their object to get a packed Com mitieo appointed. Many persons supposed that the Committee in England-on the .subject of transportation was a packed one. Ho did not by this wish to avoid the question, for generally ho was a feiend to enquiry upon all subjects. In the.remarks.he had made, ho did not wish to insinuate that any members of Council would I act unfairly or. impartially, but if men have a j bias, they cannot conscientiously divest them- selves of it. Tho argument appeared lo .him to I bo this : we aro in a desparale situation, we ure on the verge of ruin, wc want labour, and as-a drowning mau catches at a straw, so do the petitioners catch at Coolies. Ho would not] object to enter into the inquiry with the acknow- ledgement that tho in todtiction would bo a. serious evil, only to bo justified by the state of the colony. But then came the question* is the colony in that state? he hoped not; aud he was happy to hear Mr. Jones say ho could get labour by pajing for it. He did not think that tho colony is worse off than it was two or three years since, and though wages are very high they ate on tho decrease. Thero is a considerable j amount by immigration, and the population is rapidly, increasing' Ho would take this op- portunity of remarking that by ike returns which have been received, he found that the population of. the colony, exclusive of Norfolk Island, amounted to 127,000, and thoro are still returns to come from one or two small districts, find the Port Phillip people complain that they have had injustice done to them in taking the census, as they aro estimated too low, so that in speak in^ of jUie population of the Colony we may I always consider it 130,000 having increased' from 73,000 in five years. Ho thought there- fore that there was no occasion to fear being compelled to slaughter sheep for want of people j to tend them. The price of labour it is said is disproportioned to tho price of wool, but that is not the whole question, which is, aro tho wa^os given to shepherds higher in proportion than i oilier rates of labour. It is said that there is | an'indisposition on the part of newly arrived emigrants to take to thc solitary, dismal life of a shepherd; undone gentleman said that the] wages of shepherds had risen from £15 to'iJSO a year. .The question waB, is that an unreason- able rate of remuneration, when a labourer in Sydney can earn five shillings a'day. '-He must I say that he dill not look upon £30 a year as an exorbitant rate of wages for a man togo into thu j bush to look after sheep, nor did ho think it j would be.considered any argumont in England j to'say you must let the people of New South Wales have Coolies because tbe flookimtsters I cannot afford to pay Ibat rate of wages. The effect of introducing the labour of Coolies into the sheep farms of the colony would perhaps be productive of an immediately apparent benefit and prosperity to the Colony, but the ultimate effects, which sooner or later must result from it, would be disastrous in the extreme. There was perhaps no member present who had had the opportunity of seeing so much of this description, of evil'as himself t he had resided for a considerable period in the United States , of America, which country had arrived at that | condition which it was reasonable to suppose) the Colony of Now . South Wales would ulti- mately attain if the Imniigra ion of Coofirs to its shores should ever be recognised, and the daily results which.arise in that country out of this stalo of affairs was very distressing, in proof of'which it was only necessary to remark' that the bare reference to a question of this | description in presence of an intelligent Ame- rican was sufficient at all times to check his vi- vacity, and as is woro to make his blood curdle I at the thought. To go at length'into uti erin- j meration of tho evils resulting from an impor- tation, of black labour, and to explain the manner in which these labourers would ulti- mately be converted into a degraded class of free citizens', would occupy mure time than would be properly convenient with the nature of the business beforo tho Conned, and ho would therefore conclude his observation by remarking that if the introduction of sud) a species of labor should bo resolved upon it was not upon tho present generation, but upon their children and future descendants^ that the horrors of the inevitable consequences would fall with all their virulence, and on theso latter the curso willi which the United States were at present affected, would sooner or later be certain to alight. ¦ ¦ ¦ # Mr. Jones said he fully coincided in all that fell from His Excellency, and that his objec- tions to tbe introduction of Coolie or Slave Labour wero rooted, and that he viewed any such attempt with abhorence. Tho Bishop also thought that the evil would greatly preponderate over the advantages, the effect would be-that the wages of European labourers would be greatly reduced, which would deter them from emigrating to this Colony; on the other hand, the wages of tho Indian labourer would rise, so that ultimately both classes would be paid on the same scale. He said that all tho evils the introduction of Coolies would entail on the Colony, it was im- possible to foretell?the expense also of import- ing, and afterwards returning them to their own country, would be found very great. Ile was satisfied thut no part of the land fund would be perverted to this objoct. Ile concluded by reprobating the prayer of the petitioners. Mr. Hannibal M'Arthur said, that from what passed in the Council, he could perceive that the application of tho petitioners would not be farther pressed ; he however could not allow that opportunity to escape of bearing testimony to the objects of the gentlemen who had got up tho petition?theso were to" call the attention of the authorities to the distressed condition of the flock masters, who, he hesitatod notto say, were on tho verge of ruin ; a few of them may stand, but their number indeed will bo few. The great cause of this was not so much a scarcity of labourers, br the high rate_of wages, as the difficulty of obtaining men to undertake the solitary and monotonous life of a shepherd* To do away with this evil, he thought it was imperative on the part of the Home Govern- ment, who had forced them to .contribute so much to tho support of the Police and Gaol Establishments, to take measures lo induce some of the distressed inhabitants of Brilain to emigrate to these shores, particularly tho Kelp-gatherers and others in the ?¦High- lands, of Scotland-,'who lie was certain would, make excellent shepherds. Tho growl Ii of wool was of tho first importance to the Colony, and without it, what ho would ask, would it bo. Mr. James M'Arthur followed on the snmo side, and said that most urgent stops would require to be taken in order to save the Colony from ruin?this could not bo effected in tiny way, but by tho introduction of a useful cluss of emigrants. The Attorney General said that the introduc- tion of Coolies .would bo attended with the most disastrous consequences; in other colonies" where they had been employed, tho greatest - evils and the greatest crimes prevailed. Should British labourer* hear of an intention to bring these pagan miscreants here, not one of them would be prevailed on to emigrate lo this co- lony. In fact, he said, a complete stop would, by such a course, bo put to European Emigra- tion. He implored, he entreated, tho honorable member, Mr. James M'Arthur, to withdraw his petition, as in his opinion tho only relief thc colonists could obtain, was by promoting emigration from the mother country, and not from India. Tho colonists say they requiro un immediate supply of labour; by looking to India, even wore the English and Indian Go- vernments to yield to their wishes, two years would elapse before a single Coolie could arrive. -. Mr. Jamps M^Arthur said, that being a native of the colony, he .would take a prido in sustaining its British character ; he however did not regret bringing forward the petition, as tho discussion that had taken place, would tend to do away with tho desire evinced for Coolie labour. . He would therefore leave the matter to the discretion of the Cbuncil, and trusted measures would be adopted to introduce a plen- tiful supply of labour. Mr. Berry said that' ho felt highly indignant at the' Coolies being stigmatised as ferocious ; he did not think they merited such terms di pagan miscreants, as applied to them by hon. members, and 6aid it was his opinion that their introduction would bo of great benefit to the colony. The Governor said that he would do all that lay iri his power to promote emigration from Great Britain, and had also no objection to hear all that could be urged in defence of Coolia emigration; but ho trusted that they would ail unite in deviling every plan to obtain the sup- ply from Britain, rather than India. Let us endeavour- to get emigrants from the West Highlands of Scotland'; they are, as on hon. member bas stated, admirably adapted for shepherds; lot us not be carried away with art ignis fauius, for should wo ask for Coolies as often as wo like, we shall never got them.?* After readini? a despatch from Lord Glenelg to'himself,-dated 14th December, 1837, Hi* Excellency concluded by denouncing the object ofthose who were in favour of introducing Coolies. Mr, James M'Arthur, after a few remarks* then withdrew his petition?a course that waa warmly approved of by the Governor and tile Bishop. His Excellency, then presented a bil! to effect certain alterations in the Itegistry Office* Sydney, and to' establish a eeparato Itegistry officeat Melbourne ; and a bill for tho Amend- ment of the CircuiiCouit Act, both of which wero read a first time, and ordered to be ri ad a second time on Tuesday. The Council then adjourned to Tuesday next* the 27th inst. ?" I 1.1 ll I ¦ IIIIIMI gill Highly Important Sale.?Perhaps one of the most important Land Sales we have had oc- casion to cati public attention to, takes place at Mr. Stubbs's Auction Mort, this day, at twelve o'clock ; the properly for sale, is subdi- vided into allotments, situated about half a mile from the end of Parramatla- street?the site is inferior to no place in the vicinity of Sydney, and from its other apparent advantages of such a nature, that we have no doubt an eager demand will exist for the proprietorship of these very desirable allotments. ' Horses.?Mr. Samuel Lyons' sale of Horses, nt the New Cattle Market, on Saturday "next, will take place, positively, at eleven o'clock precisely, in consequence of the sale of "Teas," ex Giraffe, commiting at twelve o'clock oil thc same day, at thtnnart of the auctioneer. Victoria Theatre.?-On Monday evening next, this well conducted and popular establish-, ment opens. The bill of fare could not Le better chosen, and is such as we warrant will tickle tho palates of the most fastidious. The play is " The Poor Gentleman." We under- stand that the theatre which has been greatly beautified, will be lighted up with gas, for the first time" - ? The late Ma. Muller.?By desire of a Juror on tho inquest held on Mr. Muller, wo, have to correct tho verdict as given in our last publication. The following is tho correct one j. "The Jury returned a verdict that the deceased had destroyed himself while labouring under temporary insanity, caused by great depression of mind."?Communicated. Thc idea of in- . sanity caused by depression of the mind, will no doubt throw a new light upon tho metaphy sican?we recommend it strongly to the notice , of our friend Mr. Slattery and the rest of t!.e ' ghost-hunters. By the Abberto, which arrived here yesterday from London, we understand our enterpris- ing fellow colonist, Mr. Charles Roberts, has imported six beautiful (?) horses, one being the celebrated horse Alumnus, lately the property of the Duke of Grafton. Twenty five Pounds ll eward, ort Condi- tional Pardon. ?Whereas it has been re- presented to the Gjvernment that a verdict of wilful murder lias been returned against one Denis Shea, by a Coroner's Inquest, held at Clarence Town in Juno last, on the remains of the body of James Greig, of that District, who is supposed to have been shot by the said Denis Shea, and whereas a warrant has been issued by J. Parker, Esq , the Coroner, against ihe said Denis Shea, who has absconded, and is still at large;-?Hi* Excellency the Governor directs it to bo notified, that with a view to the offender being more speedily brought to justice, a Re- ward of Twenty five Pounds will be paid to any free person or persons who shall apprehend and lodge tho said Denis Shea id any of Hoc Majesty's Gaols; and that, if he be appre-. bended, and secured by a prisoner of tho Crown, application will be made to Her Majesty for tba allowance of a Conditional Pardon to such prisoner of.the Crown. Description : ?Name, Denis Shea;- Condition, Free by,-Servitude;. -Year of Arrival, 182S or 1829.; Native Place, County of Cork; Trade or Calling, Laborer and Sawyer; Age, about 38 years ; Height, 5,feel8£ inches; Complexion, fair and freckled j Hair, sandy brown ; Eyes, hazel; lletnarks, [sandy whiskers, lost part of third finger from [one baud; stout made,?Government Gazette, | Tuesday, July 20. Forage, Sydney Distiuct.?Tho following Tender having been accepted, is published for the information of the Departments, and par- ties concerned :?Messrs. Hughes & Hosking, Io supply Forage for the Colonial Service, i* the District of Sydney, from 1st October to the. 31st December, 1841, at the rate of Two thillings and two pence per ration.?Ibid. 