Original Poetry. THE ELOPEMENT. A lady alone in her turret tower, Look’d down on the deep at the midnight hour— And nothing she sees as she gazes on high, But the summer moon in the cloudless sky. The banner droops on the topmost tower, Defying the night wind’s feeble power, And ocean himself seems lulled to rest, So calm is the sigh of his heaving breast, And every ﬂow’ret that ope’d to the view Hath deck’d her cup with diamond dew. Deep slumber reigns in bower and hall, From the knight on his couch, to his steed in its stall— From the lord in his state, to his captive in prison; Then wherefore hath the lady risen? She hath not risen at this lone hour, To feast her eye on the dew‐deck’d ﬂower; She hath not risen to gaze on the scene Though the sky be bright, and the deep serene. No, a magic more potent, more thrilling than these, Robs her mind of its rest and her heart of its ease, And oft times she gazes, and each time in vain, Then hies to her sleepless couch again. List! heard you no sound that resembled the sweep— Of a quivering oar on the silent deep? * * * * * * SONG. Wilt ope thy casement, love, While thy sire is dreaming, Now from azure skies above, The night stars are beaming? For a rover from afar, Moors his bark within the bay, And thou art the star That led him on his way. And he comes at this lone hour, From a rival suit to free thee, Then descend from thy turret tower, For none but the stars can see thee. And see, from the open turret door, The lady salutes her troubadour, With noiseless step, like a ﬂitting ghost, She passes unheard the sentry’s post; But stops to caress the ﬁerce blood hound, Lest his bay through the castle walls resound, Then gains the beach—the snow white sail That late ﬂapp’d idly in the gale, Now wafted by the gentle breeze, Conveys them o’r the moon‐lit seas. But why does the lady so mournfully stand, As the hast’ning bark quits the lessening strand? And wherefore those tears, till the renegade prove, A dastard in daring or traitor in love? What tho’ nuptials be shunn’d and though lovers be nigh, The home of our childhood may yet claim its sigh. * * * * * * The rosy tint of the dappled dawn, Proclaims to the watchman the wished for morn, The moon now from the sky has ﬂed, And sun awakes from his ocean bed, And broadly o’er the earth is streaming, And widely o’er the waters gleaming. What mean the knights in proud array, To keep this festal holiday? To the nuptial feast and well ﬁll’d board, These knights are asked by the castle’s lord, Then where’s the bride, why stays the fair, When lord and dame are waiting there? She’s ﬂed from the nuptials her soul most abhors, She now leans on that bosom her soul most adores. Fɪʟɪᴜꜱ Cᴀɴᴛᴀʙʀɪɢɪᴁ. 