PICKWICK IN IRELAND. Till! H1ST0HY nr MICHAEL CUAN1UM, M.T». r Continued. J ' Doctor I lint, it appears, was a lecturer on anatomy in the medical school of Kuildlulon, and when a man teaches the structure of the human body, lie must have bodies to desciibe from ; and us living people will imt luncfii the cause of the science by giving their bodies to the dissector ; and as we cannot now, as in the days of Paracelsus, prevail on government lo grant the use of the living bodies of criminals, it was necessary that bodies should be stolen for the purposes of dissection ; and bodysnatch ing was resorted to in Doctor Lints' case. It happened one day. that a subject was much wanted; and two of these pupils of Doctor Lint's class agreed lo procure one from the church-yard of St. ? This waB done, the corpse in a sack was conveyed to Lint's house, and placed for the the night in the pas sage. The doctor, who, had waited for bis pu pils, just untied the mouth of the sack lo con vince himself that all was right, and without closely examining the body, loosely tied it again and retired (o bed. The Doctor had buried bis wife a few days before, and as she had been a most untnmeablc vixen; he was lying in bed and congratulating himself upon bis recovered freedom. A long lime he lay planning who should be his next ; and spinster after spinster was thought of, and each dismissed, one after the other, as be remembered same quality or other which he did not much admire. ' 1 have it,' said Doctor Lint aloud, ' I have it, there's the rich Widow Tibbs, of whom my wife was so jealous; I'll have her even though Mi's. Lint should rise up from her grave to say no !' ' No !' said a voice very much like the voice of the late Mrs. Lint. Doctor Lint fell all the blood in his body fly to liis heart, his tongue clave to his mouth, and his eyes were opened to their utmost dimensions, as be looked round and saw by bis bed-side what he thought to be the ghost of his late wife. ' You shan't have the Widow Tibbs, Doc tor, Lint,' Raid the very identical voice of Mrs. Barbara Lint. Tlie affrighted Doctor heard no more, but jumping from his bed, he rushed out of his room ; to gain the passage at the foot of the stairs was but the work of a moment— there lay the sack without a body in it ; the truth at once flashed on his mind, and the truth of the mnt nialter was this, — ' What was it ?' interrupted Mr. Pickwick anxious lo fcnow llic Tesull ' What was it ?' ' Why just this,' resumed the other, ' Doc tor Lint's wife had been burned when she was in a trance, and his pupils had snatched her body by mistake for another, which was lucky enough for her. The affair got wind, and Doctor Lint, whose wife died in reality soon afier, was sickened on his own account after such a melancholy mistake ; and so that's why he gets his stiff'uns from Lunnun.' By the time the guard had finished this in teresting story, we had reached to ibe next stage where all of the passengers who had occupied the seats on the bind boot left us, except one old gentleman, who, like myself was bound for Fuddlcton. The passenger, also, who had shared the box-seat, had arrived at the termina tion of his journey, aiid his vacant place was taken by the guard, between whom and the coachman, then took place a very eddifying conversation, touching the respective merits and demerits of the horses, and on other sub jects of an equally interesting nature. In consequence of this arrangement, I was left with the old gentleman for my sole com panion. He had attracted my notice in the early part of die journey, on account of his laciiurnilyt. He hod scarcely opened his mouth since I had joined the coach. I saw at a glance dial his reserve was not occasioned by ill-nature, his countenance indicated great be nevolence, and he had once, in the course of :he ride, inconvenienced himself to accommo latc a poor old woman, whom the guard had illowcd to ride for a little distance, and — a con sideration. The lines too, on his face, seemed :o have been drawn rather by sorrow than by imc. Without knowing bow it happened, this strange old gentleman seemed to possess a kind )f influence over me, and I often caught him looking at me with (I fancied) a marked in west. ' Where do you get down ?' said the guard to me half turning round on the box, when we bad got a mile or two further on. ' As near Air. Lint's as possible,' said I, ' I am going lo bis bouse.' ' From what 1 have heard you say at different Limes to-day, 1 suppose you arc about to study the science, of medicine,' observed the old gentleman. ' Yes,' I replied, ' I bad the choice of three professions, and thought I might as well amuse myself with bleeding, blisteriug and toolb draw ing as with anything else.' The strange old gentleman looked very grave, and did not seem pleased with my light answer. ' Young gentleman !' said he, mildly, will you excuse my giving you a word of advice ! per haps some day you will thank me for it. Never derive amusement from the sufferings of others; and remember, that more than any oilier profession, the one on which you are about to enter, requires kindness, humanity and skill lo be combined in the persons of its mem bers.' 1 did not much relish the serious tone of the old gcntlemau ; before I left home, 1 bad an amazing quantity ol admonitions, and was little inclined for more; but I could not feel angry with my companion, atid only replied, that I was much obliged to him for his good advice, and hoped to think of it. The mental process, however, I postponed sine die. ' I feel an interest,' resumed the old gen tleman, in all who arc embarking on the wide ocean of busy life; but more especially in those who are destined to fill the more im portant station in society. None can be mure so than thai of a medical man, but very few, I fear, consider :it starling, what a perilous career they arc about to pursue.' 1 am sure I had never considered an apo thecary's career perilous, or 1 should, by no means, have chosen it. Thought I, as long as 1 refrain from taking physic myself, there can be no great risk, and having little liking for nauseous drugs, the peril will be by no means extreme in my case. At the entrance of the town, the old gen tleman, after giving me his address, and invit ing me lo call on him when I visited London, which I promised to do, wished me good bye, and got off the coach. The guard resumed his own seat, and after driving through a great many streets, the coach stopped in front of a large inn, where I determined to sleep that night and present myself to Mr. Lint on ibe following morning. 'After I had swallowed some tea and toaBt, I strolled about the inn yard, not forgetting lo let every one know that I was an embryo doe tor. I ought to have got on in my profession, for most assuredly I felt a pride in it Mr. Pick wick which I retain to llie present moment.' Here the doctor bridled himself up, and made a nod indicative of self-importance. 'ft wanted,' he resumed, 'some hours to bed-time, and bearing a noise as of people oc casionally cheering and stamping, I enquired whence il proceeded, and found that an itinerant lecturer was holding forth in one of the rooms of the inn. I thought I might as well amuse myself there as any where else, so in I went.' Doctor Cranium here made a short .pause, inviting Mr. Pickwick to lake a glass of old port, at the same time holding a bumper in bis right hand, nodded significantly to Mr. Pick wick, who instantly returned the compliment, accompanying it with a smile which plainly showed the very great attention that great man was paying lo the doctor's history. (To be continued.) 