57*1?NABiY IWRUDGE. praPTna irr. Beyond' all'measure astonished by the strange occurrene5swhich had passed with so much violence and rapidity;.the locksmith gazed upon the shud. dering figure in the chair like one half stupified, ant -vy'pu!. have gazed much .longer had riot his iop'ue been loosened bsy compPassion and- umanity. 'You are ill," said Gabriel. "Let me call some neighbour In." " Not for the world," she rejoined, motioning to kiitn-ilther trembling hand, and still.holding her face avetrted. " It is enough that you have been by to-se thi.' ... -" Nay, more than enough, or less, saidGabriel. "; "eit so.' she.returned. . " As you like it. Ask me no questions; I entreat you." " " Negigbour;" said 'the locksmith, after a pause, Is this fair or reasonable, or just to yourself? Is it like you, who have known me so long and sought my advice in all matters; like you, who from a girl have had a strong mind and a staunch heart?" '! I have.had need of.them," she replied. " I am growing old, both in years and care. Perhaps that, and. too much trial, have made them weaker than they used to be. Do not speak to me." '"lHow can I see what.I have seen and hold my peace i". returned the locksmith. "Who was that man, and why has his coming made this change in you " slnbu S'She was silent, but clung to the chair as though to save herielf from falling on the ground." '' Ia take the liceni'e 'of an 'old acquaintance, Mary," said the' locksmrith, "who hs" ever had a warm regard for you, and maybe hastrtii? to prove it when' he could. Who is ,this illfavoured' mtan and whathas heto do with you.1 Who is this ghost thlat i'on;ly seen in the black nights and bgd wea. ther , pIow, does.he know and, why does he haunt i?is b oud, whisbering .through' chinks pnd crevices, s ifber 'e wvi that between him and you which nei ¶her durii o' much as speak aloud of-who is he?" t' You *O'o well -tosay he hauts this honse;" returendd thg widow. faitly. ? His .sladow. has pbej''pon it and me in light and darkness, at noon. j;iý'aod midnight; and now at last he has come in te,b'body'. ut.he wouldn't have gone in theB ody.," re ,turd4il e locksmith with. some, irritation. !'if you Sbiad left my arms and legs at liberty. What riddle is. this?", r .'It is one,' she answered, rising as she spoke, " that mutistremain for:ever as it is. I dire not say more than, that.!!,. "Dale noti,':repeated the wondering locksmith. '";Do not press me,' she replied; " Iiam sick and..aint,; and every faculty .of.life seems- dead within me. 1?4o I do not touch me,.either."', 3abriel, who had, sippped,forward to render her asautanice,fellback as she madehibls hasty esolama. ,tion. and regarded Iaerin silent wonder.; "Let me go my way alone," she said, in a low lpife, "and let the hands of nohonest man touch min?i tnight'°. W.hen. she had totteird }o the door hiib'itarid and aed:th strong'e'tffort, "This s a sgret;hih,?i; necessityl I traio to you. You are-a true mana; as yo 'haive ever been good and kind to'mae,*keep it. - If any noise-was heard above, asake.;sdme -eacuse ;'say anything but-what you really saw.; and never let a wordor look between us recalathis ,ircemstapce. I trust to you mind, 1' trust to you. How much I trust, you' never can conceive.' ' "a. Fixing her eyes upon him for an instant, she withdrew, and left him there alone. S;Gabriel, bet knowing what to think, stood staring at the door with a countenance full of surprise and dhsmay. The more he pondered on what had:passed the less able he was to give it anyfavourable inter pretation. 'To- find -this widow woman, whore life (or.so many years. had been supposed .to be one of solitude and retirement, and who, in her quiet, suf. frring, character, had gained the good opinion and respect of all who knew her, to find her linked mysteriously with an ill- omened man, alarmed at his appearance, and yet favouring his escape, was a discovery that pained as much as it startled 'him. Her reltance on his secrecy, and. his tacit acquies. cence, increased his distress of mind. :Ifhe had spokep boldly, and persisted in questioning her, detained her when she rose to leave the room;, made any kind of protest, -instead otfsilently compromis. lng himself, as he felt he.had done, he would have been more at ease. ! "Why did I- let heresay it was a secret, -and she trusted it- to me?" said Gabriel, putting his.wig on one side, to scratch his head with greater ease,- and looking ruefully at the fire. " I have no more readiness than old John.himself. Why didn't I say firmly, , You have no right to such secrets, and I demand of you to tell me what this means,' instead -of standing gaping at her, like an old mooncalf as I am ! But there's my-weakness. I can be obstinate -enough with men if need' be, but women may twist -ie sound their fingers at their pleasure." \- He took his wig off outright as he made this -?efiection..and- warming his handkerchief at the fire beganoto:rub and polish his bald head with it, until .it glistened again. -"And yet,.'easid the locksmith, softening under this, soothing process, and .stopping to smile, "it wtay benothing. Any drunken brawler trying-to maike his way into the house would have alarmed a quiet-soul like her. But then'.-and here was the vezvtion-".how came it to be that man; how comes he to have.this influence over her; bow came she to favour his getting away from me-; and, more than all, how came she not,.to say it was a sudden fright, and nothing mote? It's a sad thing to have, :n one minute, reseon tp mistrust a.person I have Snow.n so long, and an old sweetheart into the -bargain; but what else can I do, with all this upon my mind. Is that Barnaby outside there ?1" \- ' Ay !' he cried, looking in and nodding. " Sure .enough it's-Barnaby ;,how did you guess 1; "' By your shadow,'" said the locksmith. ' "Oho'l"c'ried Barnaby, glancing over his shoul der,. ' be's a merryfellow,:that, shadow; and keeps close to me, though I am silly. ,-We have such prgnks,.sqch walks,-such ruan, such gambols on the grass. Sometimes he'll ,behalf as tall as a church -te)ige, and sometimes no bigger than a dwarf. -Ipthp.e goes on before, and-now:behind, oand anon ,he'l be stealing slyly on,,oo this dide, or on-that, stopping whenever I stop, and thinking I can't see -hian, though'1 have my eye on him sharp enough. Oht he's a merry fellow. Tell me, is he silly tool I think he is." - ,, -.., -'?WiVhy " ,asked-Gabrie. - "-Because he never tires.of mocking me, but does it al day longa . V iy don't you come l' . ".*Up stairs. He wants you. Stay-where's his abhadw ?, Come,, you're,a wise man; tell me.that." B'eslde hini, lUarnaby; beside him, I suppose." returned .he locksmith .. S.No?J' he replied, shaking his head. "'Guess I GOne nut a walking, maybe 1"' "He has changed shadows with a woman," the idiot whispered in his ear, and then fell back with a look of triumph. " Her shadow's always with him, -nd his with her.. -That's sport,'I think, eh-": h " SBarpnaby,",said;.the locksmith, with- a grave lok; '; comeq hither, lad.:, "Ikno;wiwhatyou 'want to say. I. knowt" be replied, keeping away fom him., "But I'm coonning, I'sn silent>. I ot aly s b ~ich to 'you. Are you " if" spokheae, hc?augt up the light, and id wit whd? ha e' his head.' " Softly, gently," sa? the lickslrniith,'eiertlng all Ala ieifluence-'tI -keep tliibi icalm an'd qdiet "I th?ughit ~iu'had' besn asleei." ' '-' . " o 1 hoar iceiin"asldeeps" hee'reoi?ed, wivtvh'yidely .openedeyes. " There liave been giet'i'faces'cord ing and '¶oing, close to niy facek, ainid then a mile away, •o-w~p'ca to creep (hrough, WhetIerouild or no, .-ig? he s to i all hj lown f'., o strange creatures -rowdd dtip'togelider neck and heels, to sit upon the bid:; that's sleep, eh?" i , ' " - r.' ,Dreams,,Barnaby, dreams," said the locksmith. '4Dreams 4"'; he 'echoed softly,-drwling closer to nllm..." Those are not dreams. •. " What are,"'"eplied the locksmith, " if they are ,?.rl, dreamed,"- said Barnaby, pauing- his arm through .Vsren's, and peering close into his face as he answered in a whisper, " I dreamed:just n6w' that somethleg, it; wasi Idithe shape of a man, followed.me,cakne softly after me, wouldn't let ine be,-but was always hiding and crouching, like a cat in dark corners, waitiog tlll 'abould pass, when it crept puit d camea?ofty after me. Did you ever see SManya time, you know, "V'6u never'k&t; ;l runo?s Idldlin thl dream. 8tilllfins",6 t -iip|g bn' to o'?',tiie. 'Nelier, aie';'hbarbd ; I '?' fastdr, leid, s ptiu'dong 'eti bdlstadd 'to' the window; and" theitis ,' 'the stieet bdbw-lwtilbs't hlilswaiiingi for its - :ioll'ch d~tniosi 1" ag Wiu ithe street belpw, dear oBarba ?" saido "Vs 45'jt gttolig (alh he traced some ceuqefion ibetween this vision and what had actually occurred. Biarnaby looked 'into hlis face muttered inco herently, waved the 'light above his head again, laughed, and, drawing, the. locksmith's arm more tightly through his own, led ,him up the stairs in silene. : iThey entered a homely bedchamber, garnished in a:' scanty way with chairs whose spindle shanks bespoke lheir age, and otherfurniture of very little wptthi but clean apd neatly kept. RIecliing in an easy chair before the fire, pale and weak from waste of blood, was Edward 'Chester, the young gentleman who had been the first to quit the Maypole on the previous night, who, extending his band to the locksmith, welcomed him as his preserver and friend. !! Say no more, sir, say no more," said'Gabriel. " I hope I would have done at least as much for any man in such a strait, and most of all for you, sir. A certain young lady," he added, with some .hesitation, "has done us many a kipd turn, and we niaturally feel--I hope I give you no offence in saying this, sir 1" The young man smiled And shobo) his head; at the iame time moving in his chair as if in pain. '' It's no great matter," he said, in answer to the locksmith's sympathising look ;" a mere uneasiness, arising at least as much from being cooped up here as from the slight wound I have, or from the loss of blood. Be seated, Mr. Varden. ' " If I may make so bold, Mr. Edward, as to lean upon your chair," returned the locksmith, accom modating his action to his speech, and bending over him, "I'll stand here, for the 'convenience of speaking low. Barnaby is not in his quietest hu mour tonight, and at such times talking never does him good." They both glanced at the subject of this remark, who h,d. taken a seat onthe other side of the fire, and, smiling vacantly, was making puzzles on his fingers with a skein of string. " Pray, tell me, sir," said Varden, dropping his voice still lower, " exactly what happened last night; I have my reason for enquiring. You left the Maypole alone P" "'And walked homeward alone, until I had nearly reached the place wlhere you found me, when I heard thb gallop of a horse.! "-Behind you 1", said the locksmith. "Indeed yes, behind me. It was a single rider, who soon :overtook me, and,'checking his horse, i?qi?ired the way to London." ".You were on the alert, sir, knowing how many highwaymen there are, scouring the roads in all directiposl'" said Varden. "I was, but I had only a stick, having Impru dently left my pistols in their holster case with the landlord's son. . I directed him, as he desired; be fore'the words had passed my lips, he rode upon me furiously, as if bent on trampling me down beneath his hoise's hoofs. In stirting aside I slipped and fell; you found rtie with this stab and an ugly bruise oi two, and without my purse, in which he found little enough for his pains. And now, Mr. Varden," he added, shaking the locksmith by the hand, "sav ing the'exte?st of my gratitude'to you, you know as much as I." " Except," said Gabriel, bending down yet more, and looking cautiously towards their silent neigh bour, "except in respect of the robber himself. What like was he, sirl Speak low, if you please. Barnaby meais no harm, but I have watched him oftener than you, and I know, little as you would think it, that he's listening now." It required a strong confidence in the locksmith's veracity to lead any one to this belief, for every sense and faculty that' Barnaby possessed seemed to be fixed upon hbls'game, to' the exclusion of all other things. Something in the young man's face ex pressed this opinion, for Gabriel repeated ihait he had just said more earnestly than before,' and with another glance towards Barnaby again asked what like the man was. "The night was so dark," said Edward, "the attack so sudden, and he so wrapped and muffled up, thati 1 cans hardly say. It seems that-" "Don't mention his namne, air," returned the lock. smith, following his look towards Barnaby; " I know he saw him.' I want to know what you saw." "All I remember is," said Edward, " that as he checked his horse his bat was blown off. He caught it and replaced it on his head, which I observed was bound with a dark handkerchief. A stranger en tered 'the Maypole while l was there, whom I had not seen,'for I sat apart for reasons of my'own, and when I rose to leave the room and glanced round he was in the shadow of the chimney and hidden from my sight. But if he and the robber were two dif ferent persons their voices were 'strangely and most remarkably alike; for directly the man addressed me in the road I recognised his speech again." " It is as I feared. The very man was here to night," thought the locksmith, changing colour. " What dark history is this ?" "Halloal" cried a hoarse voice in his ear. " Halloa; halloa, halloa I Bow wow wow. What's the matter here 1 'Hal-lon I' The speaker, who made the locksmith start, as if he had been some supernatural agent, was a large raven, who had perched upon the easy'chair, un seen by him and Edward, and listened with a polite attention and a most extraordinary appearance of. cominprehending every word to all they 'had said up to this point; turning his head from one to the other as if his ofice were to judge between them, and it were of the very last importance that he should not lose a word. " Look at him," said'Varden, divided between admiration of the bird' ait'ifkind of fear of him. " Was there ever such i kno'?ing inmp as that 1 Oh he's a dreadful fellow l" The raven, with his head very much on one side, and his bright eye shining like a diimond, preserved a thoughtful silence for a few seconds, and then re. plied in a voice so hoarse and distant, that it seemed to come through his thick feathers rather than out of his mouth. " Halloa, halloa, halloal What's the matter here I Keep up your spiri's. Neversay die. Bow wow wow. I'm' a, devil, I'm a-devil, I'm a devil. Hurrah " And thed,' as if' exulting in his in fernal character, he began to whistle. , "I more than half believe he speaks the truth. Upon my word I do," said Varden. "Do you see how he looks at me, as if he knew what I was saying ?" To which the bird, balancing himself on tiptoe, as it were, and moving his body up anid down in a sort of grave dance, rejoined, " I'm a devil, I'm a devil, I'm a devil," and flapped his wings against his sides asif h'e were bursting with laughter. Barnaby clapped his hands, and fairly rolled upon the ground soin an ecstary of delight. ' "*Strange companions, sir,".said the locksmith, shaking his head and lookiing from one to the ohiber. '"The bird has all 'the wit." ' "Strange indeed," said Edward, holdiih out his foreinger to the'raven, "who, iltacknowledgm'at of the attention, made a dive at itimmediately'witb his iron bill. "Is he old?" "A mere boy, sir," replied the locksmith. " A hundred and twenty, or thereabouts. Call him down, Barnaby, my man." " all him I" echoed Barnsby, sitting upright on the floor, and staring vacantly at Gabriel, as he thrust his hair back from his fsce. o, Btt who can make him come 1 He calls mee,and makes me go where he will. He goes on before, I folldw. He's themraster, and I'm the man. Is that tbhe truth, Gripl" The raven gave a short, comfortable, confidential kind of croak; a moatexpressiie crosk, which seemed to say, "You needn't let these fellows into our. secrets;.' We understand each other. It's all right." " ii'akte him 'come " cried IBarnaby, pointing to the 'bird i' hiim,' who never' goei to sleep, or so much as winks I Why, any time of night youmay see hiseyesain my dark room shining like two spiarks. And every night, and all night tbo, he's broad awake, talking to himself, thinking what he shall do to morrow, where we shall go, and what he shall steal, and hide, and bury. I make him come I Ha, ha, ha I" On second thoughts the bird appeared disposed to come bf himself. After a short survey of the ground, and a few sidelong looks at the ceiling, and at everybody present in turn, he fluttered to the floor, and went to Blarnaby-not in a hop, or walk, or ruu, but io a pace like that of a very particular gentleman' with:exceedingly tight boots on trying to walk fast over loose pebbles. Then, stepping 'into' his ex tended hand, and condescending to be held out at arm's leoglh, he gavo.vent to asuccession of sounds, not iunlikdl he drawing of some' eiiht or ten doren of long curksliand"aialiin ?i?sert?ed' his brimstone birth and parentage wit?h'girea?ttdistitneis.' , lThe locksmith shook his bead, perhaps in some doubt of the, c;eature!?a being really nothing but a bird, perhasps in pity for, Baroaby,. who bylthis,time had bhim in his arms, andti was.rolling aboutlwith'him on the ground. ,As he raised his eyes from the poor fellow he esicotiatered those oflhis mother, who had entered thb room, and was looking on in silence. She was quite white in the face, even to her lips, but had wholly subdued her emotion, and wore her usual quiet look.' Varden fancied, as he glanced 'at her, that she shrunk from his eye ; and that she busied herself' about the wounded gentleman to avoid him the better. It was time le went to bed, she said. He was to be removed to his own room on the morrow, and he had already exceeded his time for sitting up by a full hour. Acting on this hint the locksmith pre pared to take his leave. " By the bye," said Edward, as he shook him by the hand, and looked from him to Mrs. Rudge and back again, "what noise was that below? I heard your voice in the midst of it, and should have in quired before, but our other conversation drove it from my memory. What was it ?" The locksmith looked towards her, and bit his lip. She leant against the chair, and bent her eyes upon the ground. Barnaby. too-he was listening. -" Some mad or drunken fellow, air," Varden at length made answer, looking stead'ly at the widow as he spoke. " He mistook the house, and tried to force an entrance." She breathed more freely, but stood quite motion. less. As the locksmith said " Good night," and Barnaby caught up the candle to light him down the stairs, she took it from him, and charged him with more' haste' and earnestness than so slight an occasion appeared 'to' warrant-not to stir.' The raven followed them to satisfy himself that all was right below, and, when they reached the street door, stood on the bottom stair, drawing corks out of number. With a trembling hand she unfastened the chain and' bolts, and turned the key. As she had her hand upon the latch the locksmith said in a low voice, " I have told a lie to night for'your sake, M(ary, and for the sake bf bygone times and old sc9upint. ances, when I would acorn to do so for my own. I hope I may have 'done no harm, or led to 'noie. I can't help the suspicions you have forced upon me, and I am loath, 'I tell you plainly, to leave lMr. Edward here. 'Take care he comes to no hurt. I doubt the safety'o" this roof, and am glad he leaves it so soon. Now, let me go." For a moment she hid her face in her hands, and wept; but, resisting the strong impulse which evi. dearly moved her to reply, opened the door-no wider than was sufficient for the passage of his body -and motioned him away. As the locksmith stood upoq the step it was chained and locked behind him, and the raven, in furthe?rance of th'ese precautions, barked like a lusty housedog " In league with that ill-looking fgure that might have fallen from a gibbet-he listening and hiding hee- Barsnaby first upon the spot last night-can she who has always borne so fair a name be guilty of such crimes in secret !" said the locksmith, musing. "Heaven forgive me if I am wrong, and send me just thoughts; but she is poor, the tempta tion may be great, and we daily hear of things as strange. Ay, bark away, my friend. If there's any wickedness going on, that raven's in it, 1'Jl be sworn." 