DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE GHOSTS.—At the School of Arts, this evening the discussion by the Debating; Society will be " Are there any grounds for believing in super- natural appearances." This, of course, include all sorts of apparitions, ghosts, corpse-candles, death-fetches, wraith's, hobgoblins, and other alleged inhabitants of the invisible world, We expect to hear, terrific midnight stories, and charnel-house narratives, coupled with keen reasoning, sarcastic wit, and sceptical declama- tion. The chair will be taken earlier than usual, precisely at- half-past seven o'clock, by the Rev. David Mackenzie, M. A., of the Australia: College, as a very crowded attendance is antici- pated. All the members of the School of Arts have the privilege of attending these debates and of taking, a part in them. CHEQUE STEALING - On Saturday week, Mr H. Watt, of Phillip-street, received a letter from Wollongong containing a cheque for £10 17s. 6d. drawn by James and William Macarthur, Esqrs., and payable at the Bank or Australia. He laid it on the counter preparatory to its being sent to the Bank to be cashed; and while it was lying there, a person named George Allison en- tered and purchased 3s. worth of leather. After he left, the cheque was missing; and it was subsequently discovered that it had been backed with Allison's mark and cashed at the Bank of Australia. Allison was apprehended on Friday and has been remanded for a week, to allow the writer of the letter to be brought from Wollon- gong to give evidence as to its contents. LIGHTHOUSE-At a meeting of thc Com- missioners of Lighthouses in Jamaica, held in October last, a letter from Mr. Alexander Gordon, civil-engineer, in London, was read from which it appeared, that a iron tower would be the cheapest that could be chosen, and would cost £800; the cost of lantern, reflectors, and apparatus would be almost £1450; and the ex- pense of fixing £150, making a total of £2400 upon which it was resolved to request the House o f Assembly to take the necessary steps for having the iron lighthouse sent for. As two lighthouses are urgently required at Port Phillip and several are wanted on different points of the coast, besides those which it is proposed to erect in Bass Straits: this hint is worthy of consideration. SHOPLIFTING.-On Thursday a couple of fe- males paid a visit to Mr. Nash's premises on pretence of purchasing some prints, and left the place in such a manner as induced the proprietor to suspect that they had taken more than was paid for; but as the shop was full of customers no more notice was taken of the affair. They returned on the following day, and made another small purchase, after which they were given in charge of a constable when, on searching them a new umbrella was found on one of them named Ann Harding, who had a child in her arms. She was committed to take her trial on Saturday by Mr Windeyer, who told her com- panion, named Murphy, that although be had no moral doubt of her criminality, yet as there was not legal evidence to convict her, he was obliged to discharge her. A CONSTABLE.-About seven o'clock on Fri- day evening a constable of the name of Hickey who was stationed at the Market Wharf, went up to a respectably dressed female named Eliza Martin, who has been in the habit of frequenting the wharf during the last eleven years, and took her in custody on suspicion of being a runaway. A timber merchant named William Spooner went up to Hickey and told him that he could certify that the woman was free, and that it was of no use in him taking her to the watch-house as there were plenty of people on the wharf who could certify that the woman was free, on which Hickey immediately quitted the woman and col- lared Spooner, telling him that for his inter- ference be should take him to the watch-house where he was accordingly lodged, on a charge of interfering with a constable in the discharge of his duty, also with having assaulted him. The case was heard before Mr. Windeyer on Satur- day, when Hickey distinctly swore that Spooner struck him a blow on the eye. This was denied by the defendant, who fortunately had witnesses who corroborated his statement, and proved that instead of lifting his hand Spooner told Hickey that he knew that all he wanted was to get him to lay his hand on him to found a charge of assault on, but that he would be dis- appointed. Mr. Windeyer dismissed the case, and informed Mr. Spooner that if he had any complaint to make, against thc constable that he could apply to Captain Innes. SYDNEY SPECIAL PETTY SESSIONS - Pur- suant to public notice, a special petty sessions was held at the Police Office on Friday, when twenty-three magistrates were present for the purpose of considering twelve applications for licenses, the whole of which were refused except the following:-Hill, of the "Sportsman," Par- ramatta-street, which had not been decided at the licensing sessions in consequence of an in- formality ; Harding, pastry-cook, King-street, a confectioner's license ; Lenthlean, of the " Dum- barton Castle," Liverpool- street ; Blake, of the "Shamrock," Campbell-street. The "Sham- rock" and "Dumbarton Castle" both had li- censes during the last year, and the plans on which they were not licensed at the annual licensing meeting was that their applications were informal. INSOLVENTS. - During the year ending 1st July, 1841, one hundred and twenty eight insol- vents were discharged by Judges of the Su- preme Court ; of these, exactly one hundred were discharged from gaol, the remaining twenty- eight being from the Rules. ALLOTMENTS.- Sr. Stubbs requests us to invite the' attention of purchasers of allotments to the sale of the Glebe Island, the only pro perty of the kind ever in the market, and which will positively be sold at the Auction Mart this day at twelve o'clock. NEW BRISTOL, JERVIS BAY. Foss and Lloyd's advertisement of this projected town ship, arrived too late for the insertion in our present number. PARRAMATTA POLICE OFFICE,- At the sitting of the court on Saturday morning an applica- tion was made to their worships that a summons might issue, directing the appearance of one William Bachelor, on Saturday next, the 17th. instant, to answer a charge of perjury, alleged to have been committed on the hearing, for a certain information filed by Wm. Hunt, chief constable at Parramatta, against one Mary Sanders, of Prospect for a breach of the act of Council, 2 Vic No. 18, see. I, commonly known as the licensing act, which conviction was after- wards quashed. Mr. Purefoy, in support of the application, informed their worships that he moved on the affidavits of Thomas Sanders, John Billinegton, Mary Sanders, which affida vits assigned the perjury on several points ma terial to the issue pending on the hearing of the information against the said Mary Sanders. The learned counsel informed their worships that the present application was merely preliminary, as it would be for their worships hereafter, at a future stage of the proceedings to dismiss the chorge or else-commit the accused to take his trial at the Supreme Court, as perjury was an offence over which the Court of Quarter Sessions ' had no jurisdiction. The application of counsel was grafted, and a summons issued directing the appearance, or Wm. Bachelor, at Parramatta on Saturday next, the 17th instant, to answer thc charge preferred against him. Thc appi cant's case was supported by Mr. Purefoy and Mr.Poole. ESTATE OF BARKER AND HALLEN.—The creditors in the estate of Messrs Barker and Hallen, met on Saturday, at the steam mill6, ia Sussex-street, to receive thc report of thc trustees up to the 30th June. John Lamb Esq , being called to the chair, commenced the business bplo'r'e th'em by reading the report, ami com- menting oh the advantages which the carrying on of. the business had been'-fo the creditors1 at large, andtotfiemercfltUile^cornmumly in genera!. It WAS afterwards, moved by Archibald Walker, Esq., and seconded by John C. Browne, Esq., that the report now read be received, and that the thanks of this meeting'lie tendered to the trustees lor theeificieut manner in which they have conducted the. business, and for the able nod satisfactory report just placed before them. Thc question of carrying on or winding up the business, was then discussed, when lt was moven' by John T. Hughes, Esq., and seconded by V. M. Stokes, Esq.. that in thc opinion of this mccliug it is highly desirable thot thc business should be carried on for twelve months longer, ut thc end of which time the creditors to meet agnin and de- termine on thc course'most advisable for them to pursue, which was put and carried without a single dissentient voice. The report we ? bear 'shews ati improvement of four shillings in thc pound, on the.original balance shecí, and the meeting broke up, every one ex'preuing their entire concurrence in thc measures adopted by, thc trustees, and of the management ^cucrnlly.f Mr. Samuel Lyons wilt bring to thc hammer this dny, at hts mart, forty-four allotments of land at Elizabeth Bay and Darlinghurst, a portion of the Lochinvar Estate, six allotments of the Glebe Crescent,'and twenty ' ffires in Manley Cove. On reference to the several advcrlisc mehti/our readers will perceive that these pro. perties are deserving of peculiar attention. Commumeàtûd. Men.:of business requiring extensive, premises with every .convenience, may do. well by paying 'Mr. Samuel Lyons a visitât his mort to-morrow, (Tuesday) ; aa they may perceive on reference to our advertising columns, that he will offer for sale the lease of ihnt valuable property situate in Pitt-street, and now occupied by Mr. Cox, Upholsterer, &c.; Thc shop is acknowledged to bc as handsome as any, and certainly one of the largest, ia Sydney.- Cannuwiicated. 