.. R \- .:• JINOWLBDOS. • Dcaliho'u read books? Why,"so.doI. Igalee Upon external nature's changing books, The earth, the air, the sea, and the vast sky. From dawn 'till day grows dim. There's not a leaf Thou turn est in thy chamber, but I can match it; Ay, leaf for leaf, upon the mountain's top, Or in the pastures, or the solemn woods,— Tracing as thou dost, a great author's hand, And loving him not lessthan thou. Vou build up here tn your grave room, one thought upon another, Guess after guess, till speculation stops— Lost.in the clouds she soars to. I meanwhile Glean-tale by tale, from nature's history. And so bulla up my knowledge;—not so quick, And yet, methinks, us surely. (From Co/burn's New Monthly Magazine.) KIND TOM ; OB, HEN' AND MOTIVES. BY DOUGLAS JEBGOLD Poor Jack Martin! Nay, we do him grievous wrong—for he was not poor ; but rich, imperial, in his simple honesty. He wanted—excelleut want J a sense of poverty. He wore a whole coat, had rarely a fracture in his shoe, slept under a roof at nights, and could sometimes boast of five shillings in liis pocket. Hence Jack, ignorant Jack, never dreamt of any worldly difference between himself and Tom Martin, his prosperous and ambitious cousin. " God bless you, he didn't see me," Jack would say to a companion, when having nodded, with a twinkling eye to Tom, the nod was unreturncd—Tom quickening liis pace, and looking into the sky to avoid his pauper cousin. " Depend upon it, he never saw me—bless you! one of the best fellows in the world; always so pleased to see ine." And such was Jack's innocent belief; he could not understand that Tom—his old school-fellow, his blood relation Tom—took any glory to himself from the seven hundred a year, and the very genteel acquaintance acquired by the grace of sucn an income, to the disadvantage of cousin Jack—good tempered, merry hearted Jack ; who, we may observe, defied fortune with seventy-live pounds per annum ; terrible odds j the more especially, when increased by the addition of one wife aud two children. Jack enjoyed, may we say as much—a small clerkship, and seemed one of the many, whom fortune forgets either for good or evii. Years aud years passed, and Jack Martin was only a poor clerk. Torn Martin was not to be so overlooked. He attacked fortune with a boldness, a laughing confidence, which when successful, is considered the certain evidence of genius; if it fail, it'ie rashness, ignorance, gross presumption. Jack and Tom stated in life from the same point; Jack crept a step or two, and then stuck fast; whilst Tom took ogre's strides in the pleasant places of the world. At times they met, or rather passed each other ; nothing inducing Jack to suspect that there was the slightest distinction between them—that Tom, except from a gl owing defect of vision, could have failed to see him..—" Poor fellow, Jie always used to be dim-sighted," Jack would say ; " but bless me, how fast he walks. Capital fellow, cousin Tom ; always very fond of me." It was, in truth, an annoyance to Tom, that his extraordinary position in the world—his increasing reputation in the market, was wholly unacknowledged by his vulgar cousin Jack ; who saw cousin Tom, aud would have seen only cousin Tom, had he been clothcd in cloth of gold, and dubbed a knight. There was the same laugh—the same gripe of the hand, when Tom found it impossible to avoid the grasp—the same kind salutation as in former years. Tom, when confronted by Jack, seemed humiliated by bis very heartiness; his robust welcome awoke a recollection of former annoyance. Jack rose before the prosperous Tom, the ghost of departed poverty. " What an excellent fellow is my cousin Tom," said Jack, warm from one of these meetings to a brother clerk, a fellow vassal in the office of Smith and Smith. " What's he done Jack ?" asked his friend. " Oh, he's done nothing," replied Jack; " but he's a fine fellow ; BO anxious about me." " Well. I am happv to hear it. I suppose he promises something then ?" " Not at all; but he has given me capital ad. vice. Tom was always fond of me." " And shall you take it, eh, Jack ?" asked hiE companion. " I can't say 1 shall ; but poor fellow, ho meant it well; a good hearted creature! I'll tell you all about it. You see this morning, as 1 was going along Cheapside, I met Tom between Alderman Poger and Snarl, the common-councilman. , What, cousin Torn,' says I, and caught hold of his hand, * how are you, cousin Tom ?" " And what said the alderman and —" " Oh, they nodded and laughed to Tom, and no doubt thinking I'd something particular to say to my cousin, they dropped his arm, and walked on." " And was your cousin," asked Jack's friend •drily, " very much pleased at meeting?" " To be sure he was—havn't I told you, Tom was always so fond of ine ?" " Well, and his advice?" " Why, he asked me to walk down Gutter-lane with him ; and when we had gone a little way, he stopped, and looking at me in his kind, good wav, he said, Cousin John — ?" "John ?" "Jack," says I, "cousin Tom—no John between relations—Jack as always'—' Jack,' says be,' what's your present salary ?'—' Seventy-five pounds year,' says I 'It's very little," says lie, and I couldn't deny it; * very little for a "man of your talents.'—'Why,' says I, 'not to 6ay much about talents, I've known greater fools get a great deal more ; but never mind that.'—* And you've a wife and two children ?' says he. 'Ha! you've never come and taken a hit with us,' says I,' as you promised : cousin Sally would be so happy.' ' Well, I will come,' says he; ' but now to business. A wife and two children ?' says he. ' Between you and me,' says I,' there's flannel wanted for a third.' < It's a great pity,' says he. ' Can't be helped,' says I. ' However,' says Tom, * this makes the matter more urgent. Cousin Jack, you're wasting your abilities in England—you are, indeed,' and, poor fellow, he seemed quite concerned as he spoke. ' What would you have me to do, then ?' says I. ' Do !' says he, 'why, I wouldn't have you to stop another week in London 1 If you want to be a man —they're the words of a friend, Jack'—and here he squeezed my hand quite like a brother, ' go to New Zealand : there's no place like it four harvests a year, and no taxes—good bye! but do go to New Zealand.'" Cousin Tom, in his benevolent condescension, had frequently promised to dine with cousin Jack, and, as Jack himself would insist upon calling her, cousin Sally. Twice had Tom named the day twice had Jack mortgaged something of the comforts of the ensuing six days, that he might make the Sunday banquet more worthy of the patronage of Tom. Twice had cousin Sally a plain, homely, little woman—been thrown into a fluster by the promised advent of the important cousin Tom. More; Tom had been promised by Jack to the children as a most especial treat, and the little ones counted the days and then the hours for the arrival of the mysterious, the wonderful cousin Tom. " Bless my heart, Sally 1" cried cousin Jack, as the church clock struck two, " 1 hope nothing has happened to dear cousin Tom." " Happened to him I" cried cousin Sally, with lowering discontent, and an expressive look at a shoulder of mutton dished and sodden'mg before the fire ; whilst covered plates upon the hobs gave token of turnip-tops and dumplings—" what should happen to hiin ?" " He couldn't have mistaken me—I'm sure I said onfe o'clock,""observed Jack, looking anxiously' towards die window, where his two children via noses Battened against the paces, were watching for cousin Tpm. • . " This is the third time he has made a fool of us," exclaimed cousin Sally." " Don't talk in that way, Sally; if he don't come now, something roust have happened to him. He promised to come, and he so fond of me 1 An excellent creature, cousin Tom," " The mutton's rags," said cousin Sally," frowning on the seething joint. " Always a man of bis word," said the husband. " Turnip-tops not worth a farthing," continued cousin Sally. " Little forgetful, but has a heart of gold." *• Dumpling like lead." " Here's cousin," lisped one of the children, "cousin Tom 1" "No, it is'nt," said the elder, "it's oniy a funeral." For the third time cousin Tom disappointed the hopes of the too sanguine Jack. In justice, however, to Tom, we must state that his promises to dine were rather inferred by Jack, than seriously made by the prosperous cousin. " To-morrow,s Sunday," Jack cried, suddenly coming upon the unguarded Tom, at the time in high conversation with very genteel acquaintance, "you must come—one o'clock—plain living you know—mutton and dumplings—you always liked dumplings—say you will come." On this, Tom, like Hotspur, "all smarting," would make answer, he " would," or " could not," which answer Jack, in his gladness, immediately received as a serious pledge; and for this reason, a reason only discoverable by himself—" Cousin Tom was so fond of him." (To be continued.) 