THE CHRONICLE. SATURDAY, AUGUST 7, 1841. LITERATURE. A Love Story; by a Bushman. 2 vols, Sydney. G. W. Evans. 1841. WnrT ! a veritable Australian novel, in two ele gantly printed medium octavo volumes, not less elegantly bound I Yes, reader, it is so; and, if you are incredulous, just put a guinea in'your pocket, and step into the shop of Mr. Evans, and your in credulity will give place to admiration. Who or what the author of this work may be we have no means of ascertaining ; and, with due reverence to the memory of the " Great Unknown," we are sorry at this ; for, like Joseph Addison's and most other readers, we always like to know something about the author of a book before we begin to look for the beauties thereof, and nothing but the novelty of such a work as this, and our duty to watch and encourage the first blossoms of Australian literature, could have induced us to sit down to the perusal of an anonymous love story in two volumes. That which we undertook as a task, we are glad to say, gradually became a pleasure, and wecan say, despite some faults, that our bushman's story may rank, in technical phrase, " with the best novels of the season." Not that there is much attraction in the tale itself: it is a melancholy one, and tinged with misanthropy; and it is almost forgotten amid the apostrophes, re. flections, criticisms, and descriptions by which its thread is continually broken; but this last defect as regards the narrative will probably be found to prove the real charm of the book. The Love Story opens with a description of Emily Delm6, the beautiful sister of a rich young baronet, and betrothed to Clarendon Gage, a neighbouring land proprietor, who writes indifferent verses in an album. This expectant happy couple are, however, soon left to themselves, for the baronet himself is the hero of the tale. Sir Henry falls in love with a Miss Julia Vernon, whom he observed one day sketching a landscape on the toad to Leamington. lie, however, resolves not to marry her, because she is a roturigre and poor, and he has set his heart upon thle advancement of his house. In the meantime, receiving some mys. terious intelligence of his brother George, who is with hiis regiment at Malta, he proceeds thither, and finds George in a state of Intermittent insanity, in consequence of an affair of honour, which won him the favour of a Greek girl, who is now his mistress, and whom, in the opiniol of his medical adviser, he must marry, in spjte of aristocratic prejudices. Sit Henry delays his consent to this cute for his brother's madness. It the meantime a lugubrious scene takes place in a vault, in which, after the mannter of most relations of foreign travellers and novelists, " a sal low looking priest," who Is otherwise ill favoured, acts his part. George's madness increases, so as to become terrific, and to baffle the cares' and caresses of Acre6 Frescati herself. At last the fair Greek bethinks herself of music's charms, and tunes her guitar. She sings a plaintive Greek air, which restores the maniac to his senses, and the aristocratic Sir henry, seeing no alternative, at last gives his consent to his brother's marriage with the Greek. George's gratitude is boundless, but, astonishing to think, the young lady refuses consent. Her answer is, we think and hope, utterly untrue to nature. " Never! never !" said the young Greek. "' I am too happy as I amn. I have heard you all tnake better lovers than husbands. I cannot be happier I No, no I I will never consent to it." The opinion of the world, religion, and all, pleaded in vain; an appeal in behalf of the lover's health (alone prevails. They are married, and George's recoyery from that day became rapid. The brothers then leave Malta, a rather interesting account of which is given by the novelist, which is followed by a "ghost story," told at sea by the Greek bride (which afterwards proves to be "owre true a tale"), and by a description of Palermo, at which they touch, and of a benevolent baron, who spent Ihis fortunein building a lunatic asylum. Af. terwards tihe voyagers proceed to Naples, where a packet of letters from England arrives, re-directed from Malta. They resolve to proceed homeward, but consult a Doctor Pormont upon the danger that they may at that season encounter from malaria on the road to Rome. The doctor's answer is un favourable, but delivered in the style of a pedant, and they disregard it. The novelist here intro. duces a very profound and just observation upon the error of despising eccentric professional men. The travellers proceed on their journey, Acm6 takes ill on the way; Dr. Pormont is again sent for, and arrives with all due speed. This passage-is one of the best in the work. " Doctor Pormont, to do him justice, was unre. misting in his exertions, and hardly took rest. All his professional skill was called to her aid; but, from the second day, he saw it was in vain. The strength of the invalid failed her more and more. Doctor Pormont at length called Sir Henry on one side, and informed him that ire entertained no doubt of a fatal result; and recommended his at once procuring such religious consolation as might be in his power. No Protestant clergyman was near at hand, even had Delmfi thought it advisable to procure one. But he was well aware that, however Acmfi might have sympathised with George, her earlier religious impressions would now in all probability be revived. A Catholic priest was sent for, and arrived quickly. He was habited in the brown garb of his order, his waist girt with a knotted cord. lie bore in his hand the sainted pyx, and commenced to shrive the dying girl. It was the soft hour of sunset, and the prospect in rear of the mansion presented a wide sea of rich coloured splendour. Over the window had been placed a sheet, in order to exclude the light from the invalid's chamber. The priest knelt by her bedside; and, folding his hIands together, began to pray. The rays of the setting sun fitfully flickered on tire sheet, over whose surface light shadows swiftly played, ever and anon glancing on the shorn head of the kneeling friar. Ills intelligent face was expressive of firm belief. His eye turned reverentially to heaven, as, in deep and sonorous accents, lie implored forgiveness for the sufferer for the sins committed during her mortal coil. Acme sat up in her bed. On her countenance calm devotion seemed to usurp the place of earthly afTections and earthly passions. The soul was preparing for its upward flight. Delmfi led away the sorrowing husband, and the minister of Christ was left alone, to hear the contrite optpourings of a weak, departing sinner. The priest left the chamber, but spoke not, either to the physician, or the expecting brothers. Ilis imnpassioned glance belonged to another and a higher world. -ie made one low obeisance, his robtr swept the passage quickly, and the Franciscan friar sought his lonely cell to reflect on death. 'lire brothers re.entered. They found Acme6 in the attitude in whtich they had left her ; her features wearing an expression at once radiant and resigned. But, as ier eye net George's, as she saw the ihavoc grief had already made, tire feelings of the woman resumed the mastery. She extended her arms; she brought his lip to hers, as if she would have made that its resting place for ever. Alas ! an inward pang told her to be brief. She drew away her face, crimsoned with her passion's flush, tremblingly grasped his hand, and, with voice choked by emotion, gave her last farewell. ' Giorgio, my dearest! my own ! I shall soon join my parents. I feel this-and my mother's words, as she met me by the olive tree, ring in my ear. She told me I should die rthus; but she told me, too, that I should kill the one dearest to me on earth. 'Thank God I this cannot be, for I know my life to be ebbing fast. Dearest! do not mourn for me too much. You may find another Acm6-as true. But, ol I sometimes-yes I even when your hearts cling fondly together, as ours were wont to do-think of your own Acme, who loved you first, and only, and does it now I oh I how well ! Giorgio I dear! dearest! adieu! My feet are so, so cold and ice seems' A change shadowed the face, as from some cor poreal pang. She tried to raise an ebony cross hung round her neck. In thie effort, her features became convulsed-and George hIeard a low gurgling in the throat, as if from suffocation. Ab I that awful precursor of ' the first dark hour of nothingness.' George Delm6 sprang to his feet, and was sup. porting her head, when the physician grasped his arm. ' Stop ! stop I you are preventing' The lower lip quivered, and drooped slightly I very slightly Th'e head full back I One long, deep drawn sigh shook the exhausted frame. The face seemed to become fixed. Doctor Pormont exlended his hand, and silently closed those dark fringed lids. The cold finger, with its harsh touch, once more brought consciousness. Once more thie lid trembled! there was an up ward glance that looked reproachful I Another short sigh I Anothier! Lustreless and glaring was that once bright eye! Again tie phystcisan extended hiis hand. ' Assuredly, gentlemen, vitality hIath departed.' A deep, solemn, awful silence, which not a breath disturbed, came over that chamber of death. It seemed as if the insects had ceased their hum, that twilight had suddenly turned to night, that an odour, as of clay, was floating around them, and impreg. nating thire very atmosphere. George took the guitar, whose chords were never more to be woke to harmony by that loved hIand, and dashed it to the ground." George bears his loss with greater composure than the reader might expect, and the relator, lear. ingthe brothers at Rome admiring the statues and othler wonders of the "eternal city," carries tire render to tie drawing.room of Miss Julia Vernon, at Leamington. Julia has just received istelli. gence of the death of a rich uncle, who, to the great mortification of hIer sisters, leaves her hiis sole heiress. Tire history of this wealthy personage which follows is interesting, and perfectly natural. Julia's unexpected good fortune called to her mind the proud Sir Hlenry. It was but for a moment. The amiable Julia promises to share her fortune with her sisters, and afterwards but too well keeps iher promise. But again thire hIistory takes us back to Italy, whrere we are treated wills a brief but taste' ful account of St. Peter's, withi some rather common. place remarks upon Italian inns, and where tire tricks of an Italian driver who conduted the brothers to'Stnrta furnishi an opportunity of remarkinrg with great truths, tirat " Englisihmen have a due abhor. rence of impositiop," excepting, he mighrt hIave addled, when practised, as it sometimes is, by them- selves.- Then follows a tale of brigandism, which wants only vraisemblance to be highly interesting and exciting. We cannot afford space to follow the brothers through the rest of their journey ; their observations on Argua and its poetical reminiscenes ; on Inspruck and its patriotic recollections, in which place they meet with some clever story telling students, and where the unfortunate George resigns his breath. Sir Henry is in despair ; but after the funeral, and when the first paroxysms of grief have subsided, he sets sail for England. Arrived at Delmt lodge, he finds all in deep sorrow and mourning like his own. But time puts an end to sorrow itself, and at the end of twelve months Emily Daelm6 beconmes the wife of Clarenidon Gage. Then follows a wedding scene, befitting the hall of " a fine old English gentleman." No sooner does tile baronet feel the absence of Emily than his thoughts wander to Leamington, his aristocratic notions having been somewchat cured by his brother's sad fate. He pro ceeds with all due haste to pay a visit to bliss Julia Vernon, whom, notwithstanding her recent good fortune, he finds weak in health, and greatly altered in appearance. The result is that their marriage is fixed for the ensuing August. All was now gay at Mrs. Vernon's; even Julia herself "felt her love and thought it strength." One individual alone, Dr. Jephson, remarked the weakness of Julia's voice, and a low, hollow cough that had long dis. tressed her. Sir Henry proceeds to London upon necessary business preparatory to his marripge. His absence had been a day or two more protracted than he anticipated. On arriving again at Leamington, he finds his Julia a corpse. Sir Henry now becomes a disconsolate wanderer; he traverses the globe to seek oblivion, and finds it not. Among other lands our own Australia is honoured with a visit, and this is, perhaps, not the least interesting chapter in the book : " It was on the 22nd of October, 1836, that an emissaly from his sister sought Sir Henry Delm6. It was at the antipodes to his ancestral home, in Australia, that wonderful country, which, belied and calumniated, as she has hitherto been, presents some anomalous and creditable features. For her population, she is the wealthiest, the most enterprising, the most orderly and loyal, of our British possessions. 'T'here is the aristocracy of wealth, to an unprecedented degree, subservient to the aristocracy of virtue. While site is stigmatised as tile cloacm of Britain, the philosopher looks into the future, and already beholds a nation perpetuating the language of thIe brave and free, when the parent stock has, perhaps, ceased to be an empire, or is lingering, like modern Greece, in the hopeless languor of decay and decrepitude. This agent had arrived from England a very short period before; and, accredtted withl a packet, ccn taining various communications from Emily and Clarendon, accompanied by tire miniatures of their clhildren, with little silky curls attached to each, proceeded an expectant guest to Sir Henry Delm6's temporary residence. Early dawn saw him pacing the deck of a steam vessel; and regarding with great surprise the opposite banks of Hunter's River, up which the vessel was gliding. A rich dark soil, of great depth, bespoke un common fertility; while the varieties of the gum tree, then quite new to him, with their bark of every diversity of colour, gave a primeval grandeur to the scene. Each moment brought in sight the location of some enterprising settler, which, ever varying in appearance, in importance, and in extent, yet told the same tale of diticulties overcome, and success ensuing. On his reaching the township, now the Ilead of tirhe navigation, this agent found horses waiting for himnt. lie was addressed by a well.appointed groom -our old friend Thompson - who touched Iris hat respectfully, and mentioned the name he was already prepared for by his Sydney advices. Sullice it, that Sir Henry was no longer the baronet, and that the name of DIelm6 was a strange one in his household. Their route skirted the banks of one of those rivers which, diverging from that mine of wealth, the Huirter, wind into the bowels of the land, like a vein of gold. That emissary will not soon forget his lovely ride. His eve, wearied with gazing on the wide expanse of ocean, feasted on the rich, and novel landscape. They rode alternately through cleared lands, studded with rich farms, waving with luxuriant crops of wheat and rye; and, again through regions where the axe had never resounded, but where eucalypti, and bastard box, and forest oak with its rough acorn, towered above beauteous wild flowers, whose forms and varieties were associated in the mind of tire stronger, with some of the most precious and valued flowers which adorn British conservatories. The russet certhia, with outspread fluttering wing, pecked at the smooth bark, and, preying on some destructive insect, really preserved what it seemed to injure. The larger parrots, travelling in pairs, screamed their passing salitat on as they displayed their bright plumage to the sun ; while hundreds of a smaller kind, with crimson shoulder, were con cealed amid the green leaves; and, as they rode beneath them, babbled-like froligsontte children of the forest-a rude, but to themselves a not unmean ing dialogue. The superb warblers, ornaments alike to the bush or the garden, flitted cheerily from bough to bough. Strangely mated are they I Tihe male, in suit of black velvet, trimmed with sky blue, looks like a knight attired for a palace festival ; while his lady love, she resembles some peasant girl, silent and grateful, clothed in modest kirtle of sober brown. As hIre reined in his horse, to examine these at leisure, how melodiously came on his ear the clear, ceaseless, silver tinkle of the bell-bird; lths sound ever and anon chlequered by the bold chock- ee.chock of the baldl-headed friar. T'hey hIrad proceeded very leisurely, and the sun was already declining, when Thompson, pointing to an abrupt path, motioned himn to descend, and at the same time gave the pecu liar cry known in the colony as the coo'i'; a cry which was as promptly answered. It was not until he was close to the edge of the river that the stranger understood its purport. A punt was rapdly approaching from the opposite bank. An athletic aboriginal native, in an attitude that seemed studiedly graceful, was bending to the stout rope which, attached to either side of the river, served to propel the punt. He had been spearing fish; for hIis wife, or gin, or queen- for shie was born such, and contradicted in her person the old adage, " There's a difference between A beggar and a queen" was drawing the barb of a spear from thire bleeding side of a struggling mullet. She sat at the bottom of the boat, with a bIlanket closely wound round her. She was young, and her looks were not unpleasing. Her thickly matted hair was ornamented with kan. garoo teeth; and to her shoulder closely clung a native tailless bear, wlrhose appearance could not do otherwise than excite a smile. With convex staring eyes, hairless nose, and white ruffoffur round his face, he very closely resembled in phisiognomny some grey whiskered guzzling citizen. T'Ihe well- trained horses gave no troublie as they entered the punt; and thie smiling boatman, displaying his teeth to Thompson, but without speaking, comrmenced warp ing the punt to the opposite side of the river. They were half way across, ere the guest observed tihe mansion of thie friend he soughlrt. It stood on the summit of the hrill, on the left, beneath wiich tihe river made a very abrupt bond. Thie house itself resembled thire common weatlrher-boarded cottage of thire early settler-a wide verandah was over the front entrance, and two small rooms, the exact widthlr of this, jutted out on either side of it. Its site, hrowever, was commanding. The hIouse stood on an eminence, and fromnt the windows a long reach of thie river was visible. At thie top of tirhe brow of thire hIill extended a range of English rose trees, in lull flower. T'le bank, ihrich might be about thirty yards in front of these, was clothed with foliage to the water's edge. 'iThere nighrt be seen the fragrant mimosa, the abundant acacia, the swampoak-which would have been styled a fir had not tIre firstl exiles to Australia found twintd round its boughs the misletoe, witr its tirany Ihomne associations- the elegant cedar, tirhe close growing mangrove, arid strange pa'asilical plants, pushing through huge fungi, ard clasping, with the rentorseless strength of thie wrestler, arnd withll thie round, crunclhing folds of the boa, thire trees they were gradually to suplant and destroy, Suddenly tihe quick inger of the black pointed to an object close beside the punt. A bill, as of a bird, and apparently of the duck tribe, protruded above the surface of the water. For an instant small, black, piercing eyes peered towards them; but as the quadruped, for such it was, prepared to dive in affright, the unerring shot of a rifle splashed the water on the cheek of the stranger; the body rolled slowly over, the legs stiffened, a sluggish stream of dark blood tainted the surrounding wave; and the ferryman, extending Iis careless hand, threw the victim to his companion, at the same time addressing a few words to her in their native lan guage. The guest had little difficulty in recognising the uncouth form of the ornithorhynchus, or water mole; but he turned with yet more eagerness towards the spot whence that shot had proceeded. On the summit of the steep bank, leaning on his rifle, stood Sir Henry Delmé. His form was still commanding; there was some thing in the air with which the cap was worn, and in the strap round his Swiss blouse, that bespoke the soldier and the gentleman ; but his face was sadly attenuated, the lower jaw appeared to have fallen in, and his hair was very gray. He received his guest with a cordial and.sincero welcome. While thlu latter delivered his packet, the native who had warped the punt over came up withll the ptatypus. StWell, loomeroo, is it a female?' ' No, massa, full grown, with large spur.' Sir.Henry saw that ihis guest was puzzled by this dialogue, and good-naturedly showed him the dis. tinguishing characteristic of the male ornithorhyn. thus-- the spur on the hinder foot, which is hollow, and trananuts an envenomed liquid. secreted by a gland on the inner surface of the thigh. In November, of the year preceding, a burrow of the animal lad been opened on the bank of the river, which contained the dam and three live young ones; there were many points yet to be determined relative to its interior organization ; and it was on this acicount that Sir Henry was anxious to obtain a female specimen at this particular period. As he spoke ])elnj6 introduced the stranger to his study, which might more aptly be styled a museum; applied some spirits of wine to the platypus, and placing it under a bell glass for the morrow's examination, left him turning over ihis collection of birds, while he perused his valued home letters. It was with unmixed pleasure, knowing, as lhe did, his melancholy history, that the stranger found Sir Henry Delm6 engaged in pursuits which it was evident he was following up with no common enthusiasm. In truth, a mere accidental circum stance-the difficulty of obtaining a vessel at one of the Indian Islands for any port--had at first brought him to Australia, a country regarding which he had felt little curiosity. The strange varieties, how. ever, of its animal kingdom had interested him; he was struck with the rapid strides that that country had made in half a century; and he continued from month to month to occupy the house where his friend had now found him. To the stranger's eye, the eye of a novice, the well arranged specimens of birds of the most beau tiful plumage, of animals, chiefly marsupial, of the most singular development, of glhttesing insects, and of deep coloured shells, were attractive wonders enough ; but, from the skeletons beside these, it was quite clear that Delm6 had acquired considerable knowledge as to the internal construction of the animals themselves; that he had studied the sub. sisting relations between the mechanism and the movements, the structure, and its varied functions." The story ends with an account of Sir Henry Delm6's return to England, and of the pretty. children of his sister Emily, who comfort him after the sorrows of his chequered pilgrimage. The book is dedicated to Lady Gipps, who will, no doubt, feel bound to draw anew upon the grati tude which the author expresses in his dedication. As a matter of course, no drawing-room in the colony can pretend to be fashionable without " the last new novel," which we dare vouch would do credit to any bibliopole in Paternoster-row, or even at the " west end." 