LATEST ACCOUNTS FROM OLYMPUS. (From the Morning Chronicle.) As news from Olympus has grown rather rare. Since bards, in their cruises, have ceased to touch there, We extract for our readers the' intelligence given, In our latest accounts from that ci-devant Heaven, That realm of the by-gone, where still sit in state, Old and bends and Redheads, now long out of date. Jove himself, it appears, since his love days are o'er, Seems to find immortality rather a bore; Though he still asks for news of earth's capers and crime, And reads daily his old brother Thunder, the Times. He and Vulcan, it seems, by their wives still henpecked are, And kept on a stated allowance of nectar. Old Phoebus, poor lad, has given up inspiration, And packed off to earth, on a puff speculation. The fact is, he found his old shrines had grown dim, Since bards look'd to Bentley and Colburn, not him. So, he sold off his stud of ambrosia fed nags, Carne incog down to earth, and now writes for the Mag; Taking care that his work not a gleam bath to linger can't; From which men could guess that the god a had finger inst. There are other small facts, well deserving attention, Of which our Olympic despatches make mention. Poor Bacchus is still very ill, they allege, Having never recovered the Temperance Pledge. " What, the Irish I" he cried,-" those I look'd to the mob!! I " If they give up the spirit, I give up the ghost :" While Moinus, who used of the gods to make fun, Is turned Socialist now, and declares there are none ! But these changes, though curious, are all a mere farce, Compared to what lately has happened to Mars, Who, for years, has been doomed to n sufferance of quiet, Unchccred by one glimmer of bloodshed or riot I In vain from the clouds his belligerent brow Did he pop forth, in hopes that somewhere or somehow. Like Pat at a fair, he might " coax up a row ;'' But the joke wouldn't take the whole world had got wiser ; Men liked not to take a Great Gun for adviser ; And, still less, to march in fine clothes to be shot, Without very well knowing for whom or for what. The French, who of slaughter had had their full swing, Were content with a shot, now and then, at their King ; while, in England, good fighting's a pastime so hard to gain, Nobody's left to fight with, but Lord Cardigan. 'Tis needless to say, then, how monstrously happy Old Mars has been made by what's now on the tapis; How much it delights him to see the French rally, In Liberty's name, around Mehemet Ali ; Well knowing that Satan himself could not find A confection of mischief much more to his mind than the old Bonnet Rouge and the Bashaw combined. Right well too he knows, that there ne'er were attackers, Whatever their cause, that they didn't find backers ; While any faint scruples Humanity knows May be soothed by that Are Diplomatique, which shows How to come, in the most approved method, To blows. This is all, for to-day whether Mars is much vert At his friend Thiers's exit, we'll know by our next. 