LOCAL. Mechanics' Institution.-On Tuesday evening last the Rev. Mr. Wade delivered a lecture upon the " Cultivation of the Mind in Adult Agc," which was not so numerously attended as we should have desired so interesting a discourse to have been. The subject was a most judiciously selected one, extremely appropriate in such an institution, and neither should we omit to add.most excellently treated by the reverend gentleman, whose talents we are happy thus to observe have been enlisted in the objects of the society. The lecturer justly described his subject as one materially identified with the rising interests of the colony ; but at the same time expressed the impossibility of doing justice to it in anything short of a course of lectures embracing the general subject of mental philosophy. He sought, however, on this occasion, rather to bring under notice a few of the general principles of his subject, and to clear the road of a few of its diflicultics, for those who might be in a position to be benefllted by his remarks. Ile exposed, and illustrated hy examples, the absurd inaccuracy of the very gene- rally prevailing prejudice as to the impracticability of cultivating the mind which had in its youth been utterly uncxercised. He represented that to a mind sensible of its deliciency, and aroused to a desiie for zealous exertion for its improvement, no period could be regarded as too late, short of the imbecility of second childhood ; and that a degree of excellence, far exceeding medi- ocrity, might be attained by those-although far past the days of youth-who brought but an earnest desire and unaffected industry to the task of their {mental improvement. The great principle in the prosecution of suchnn object was, "the awaking and perpetuating of an intense desire for the attainment of an object." Desire »as thus the first essential ; this once really possessed, attentive observation, directed zealously to first prin- ciples until these had become fumilinr, the formation of habits of enquiry, of passing by nothing without seeking for all it could reveal, would gradually lead the enquirer on, until insensibly adding to his power of appreciation, he would find his mind be- coming rapidly stored with on intelligence which must prove an endless source of gratification and delight such as no other possessions could impart. The necessity however was urged of directing the mind to some specific subject, until this was ob- tained, and the danger of a too discursive prosecution of en- quiries pointed out m happy and appropriate terms. Amongst other fallacious objections which the lecturer exposed, as to the capability of the adult mind for new and entirely unaccustomed exertion, he instanced the complaint of faded memory, and illus- trated the general fallacy of this belief by quoting the cases of some natives of New Zealand with whom he had been ac- quainted, who, although arrived at even an old age in the most profound ignorance of every exertion of the mind, most readily acquired and retained in their memories, with the greatest accu- racy, lengthened portions of the Scriptures. He attributed the popular difficulty complained of in this respect to be rather a want of concentrated attention, with no little of indolence, which, if combatted with firmness, would speedily disappear. The lecturer-after dwelling in most impressive language upon the general benefits derivable from an educated and ac- complished mind-concluded by exhorting those who sought this happiness-who aimed at rendering themselves prominent in the intellectual pursuits they might have embarked in-to bear in mind the well-known passage in one of .Sir Joshua Reynoldt's lectures-" You must have no dependence on your own genius. If you have great talents, industry will improve them: if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency. Nothing is denied to well-directed labour : nothing is to be obtained without it." On Tuesday next Mr. Moss Hill deliver a Lecture upon the Eye, the Phenomena of Vision, Light, and Color. New Trinity Church. - The first stone of this edifice was laid on Wednesday afternoon last by His Excellency the Lieu- tenant-Governor, in the presence of a large attendance of the clergy and a considerable concourse of spectators. His Excel- lency and all the officials were in full dress. After the usual preparatory arrangements, the Rev. P. Palmer preceded the depositing of the stone by an appropriate prayer and blessing on the work. An inscription, stating the date, &c.;, of the lay- ing of the stone, together with some coins, were secured in a bottle and placed in the receptacle hollowed out in the lower stone; the upper one was then lowered, and His Excellency went through the usual form of seeing that it was correctly laid, pronouncing "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I lay this foundation stone of a church to be built to the glory of God and called the Church of the Holy Trinity." The interesting ceremony was closed by the Rev. W. Bedford delivering a very feeling and appropriate address, in which he adverted to the well-directed liberality of the Government in setting aside £2000 for the erection of this church, and affectionately eulogised the zeal of the late Rev. Archdeacon, through whose instrumentality the work had been successfully commenced. The band of the 51st Regiment was in attendance, and performed some appropriate music, though we cannot resist the impression that this was a most incongru- ous feature of so solemn an occasion. Missions_We beg to call attention to the notice in our advertising columns of the public meeting of the Van Diemen's Land Missionary Society, which will be held in Collins-street chapel on Monday next. This society was established about fifteen years since, and has afforded aid to various institutions for the propagation of the Gospel, particularly to the Scottish and London Missionary Societies. Its funds have recently been divided between the latter institution and the Colonial Mis- sionary Societv, formed in London a few years since. It will be observed, that sermons in behalf of the Missionary cause will be preached on the day prior to the meeting in Brisbane-street chapel, by the Rev. Mr. Beazley, and the Rev. Mr. Jarrett, recently from London. Christian Missions to the JHeatheh.-We perceive by nn announcement in our advertising columns that the Rev. John Waterhouse will conduct a service in the Weslcyan Chapel at Oatlands, on the afternoon of Tuesday, the 2ßth in. staut, at three o'clock, for the purpose of giving an account of the present character and condition of the inhabitants of the Friendly and Feejee Islands, from which he lias very recentjy returned. On the following day the reverend gentleman will be present nt Ross at lim second anniversary of the Branch Wesleyan Missionary Society of that place, for the purpose of giving some importunt and interesting information respecting the state of the numerous mission stations in the South Seas. And on Thursday, the 28th instant, the same reverend gentle- man will conduct service in the Wesleyan Chapel at Campbell Town, at six o'clock in the evening. Horticultural Society.-The first exhibition of the season was held on Saturday last. The marquee was erected as formerly in Macquarie-stfeet, and was, for the greater por- tion of the time it was open, even inconveniently crowded with all the huutton of Hobart Town. We were very glad indeed to see the great interest manifested in this exhibition, and trust that it may not be altogether confined to the mere visiting the booth, but that the more essential support may be afforded to this excellent society, of adding to the list of annual subscribers. The exhibition was, for the period of the year, a very interest, ing one, nnd evidently afforded the greatest gratification to the numerous visitors. Sir John and Lady Franklin and suite were present, and appeared to take much interest in the occasion. The following is a list of the awarded prizes : Tulips.Mr. M'Lean Ranunculus .Not awarded Iris.Not awarded Anemone.Mr. E. P. Untier Mi nciiith .Not awarded Pansies .Mr. I». Fraser . Stocks.Not awarded Polyanthus.Mr. P. Fraser Geraniums.Mr. Cracroft Camellias .Mr. Cracroft Cactus Jenkinsonia.Mr. R. Jncomb Ditto Speciosn.Mr. M'Leua Z?csr Green House Plant. Tropoelium Tricolor .Mr. E. P. Untier Primicia Sinensis.Not awarded Cala Ethiopia .Mr. M'Leun Auricula.Mr. Swan HnjaCornosa.Mr. F. Lipscombe Lilac.Mr. R. Jacomb Lily of the Valley.J- Green Hydrangia.Captain Forster . Ixins .Mr. Cracroft Mouquet.Mr. Herhertson Potatoes.Captain Swanston P<>HS .Mr. Herhertson Cauliflower .Ditto Urocoli.............Mr. Furlong Asparagus.Cupliiin Swanston Sea Kale .Mr. Hi'rhertson Celery.Not awarded Rhubarb.Captain Swanston Turnips .Not awarded Carrots .Mr. F. Lipscombe Onions .Mr. M'Lean Cabbages .Mr. Her bert sou Leeks.Mr. Allporl Endive .Mr. K. Abbott Lettuce .Mr. Furlong Cucumbers.Mr. E. Abbott Ditto, second prize .Mr. Hutb-r Radishes .Mr. F. Lipscombe Parsley.;...Mr. E. Abbott and Mr. M'Lean Apples .Mr. Marshall Dessert Apples.Mr. Swan Lemons .Mr. Furlong Pine Apples.Mr. F. Lipscombe Double flowering Barberry. .Mr. Allport Peone Arborât« .Cuptuin Swanston Sutueme Court.-We cannot congratulate the SherifFupon the recent addition to the judicial paraphernalia in the new witness box, which now rears its uncouth form in the arena. It is more convenient in position than the former one, but, so far as appearance is concerned, is n great disfigurement of the Court. The parties who constructed it need take little credit to themselves for the awkward, tasteless manner in which the alteration has been carried into effect. Wool.-The Cape of Good Hope colonists appear to be acquiring very sanguine expectations with reference to the suc- cess of their wool speculations. They speak of the highly favourable climate and pasturage of the colony being certain of producing sheep whose wool must ultimately be the first in the market. We fear this is being rather too sanguine, and suspect that the contributions of the colony to the wool market will yet for a long period be but a drop in the ocean. The quantity exported last year was ouly 911,1 IS lbs I Manure.-The following may prove a valuable hint to many of our settlers :-" Previous to the year 1839, 1 used to allow a great deni of sawdust, from a mill that I occupied, to go down the stream as worthless, but, in the spring of that year, 1 took it into my head to try ¡fit could not be made useful to manure. With this view I collected a large quantity and had it burnt, but was quite disappointed at the result, the quantity of ashes being very small, and by no means adequate to the expense of consuming the article. 1 then determined to try whether it could not be turned to better account by decomposing it through fermentation ; and having made use of it to litter swine in a fold, 1 had a good deal that had been so employed carted out to a turnip field in the month of April, and mixed up on a dunghill with an equal quantity of common farm-yard dung. In this way it has fully answered expectation. Fermentation went on as well as 1 could desire. The heat was very great, but having applied water there was no mouldiness, and the mass assumed a fat greasy appearance. It was put into the drills in bulk equal to ordinary dung, and the turnips arc about the best 1 have; indeed, superior to any on the farm, except when an expensive application of dung, bones, and nitrate of soda was made. " I have been so well pleased with the eftbet of the sawdust in the fore- mentioned trial, that 1 am now very careful not to lose any of it ; and during the past summer have had folds for cattle as well as pigs littered with it, being convinced that it will be profitable whenever thoroughly decomposed. An im- mense quantity of this article has hitherto not only been lost, but made hurtful to salmon on going down the rivers. Instead of being so infectious, it may be rendered a most useful adjunct to other as well us to common manure ; and I think it very probable that if nitrate of soda were used along with it, its action might come out still more strikingly. " Common fir bark may be put into a state for decomposition, by laying it on roads before byres, where the droppings of the cattle will mix with it, and the carls go over and grind it. 1 have had a quantity operated on in this manner. "William Sim, Drummond, Ross-shire." The Morning Advertiser's wrath against us has suffered a long fermentation to little purpose; for instead of purifying its current of acrimony, it seems to have rendered it more turgid and unwholesome. After a lapse of severul weeks of peaceable and well-disposed complexion since we excited his animosity by an exposure he entirely owed to himself, though it caused us to be overwhelmed with the whole vat of his in- vective, of a sudden, inconsequence of our having repudiated a sham speech manufactured by him for Mr. Downing, at the Richmond Hunt Ball, he has uguin turned the spiggot of his ¡re upon us. In the artless simplicity of his character, he announces this outbreak of his spleen as an earnest of his de- termination to treat the proprietor of the Courier with " tiUnt contempt." This is really most considerate in the Moaning sheet, and the modus operandi no unfit illustration of its method of acting up to its principles. "It is," he says, " attacks such as ours upon other editors which degrade the newspaper press of the colony;" and we are inclined to believe him correct; for it certainly cannot raise them very highly in public estimation to convict them of telling tibs. It is satisfactory to know that our endeavours in this behalf have been crowned with success, and with such encouraging testimony we shall certainty con- tinue the general application of our exertions to purify or expose the unworthy section of the Press-the press-gang, as it may be termed- of the colony. At to the magnanimous nonsense about the "alternative, "mutual friends," &c;, we decline to draw the names of the gentlemen referred to into a discussion of which they would both, in all probability, be heartily ashamed, and recommend the Moaning and Maritime Journal to bottle up its wrath for more suitable exigencies. William Franks, Esq., bas been appointed to succeed Major Schaw, in the Police Magistracy of Bothwell, for which dis- trict we understand he will shortly take his departure from this town. SVhilst we congratulate Mr. Franks upon his promo, tion, we cannot avoid expressing a regret athis removal; for the efficient and punctual discharge of bis duties, during a long pcrlod'of years? h"as""rendcr,ed"hlm one of the most valuaht officers of the "Gpvernr8e'nt,ron 'this, Side of the island, ui Franks has'been^rcsldcnt? amongst Jus, upwards of nine yean during which time he'hás tillea several responsible situations with credit to himself And benefit' to the community, and ha» acquired, as a reward for his services, the general esteem of «li who know him! We are sure itU unnecessary for us to point out to our fellow- townsmen the propriety of expressing the estimation in which Mr. Franks Is universally held, as we are sure it will suggest itself to every one who reads this announce ment of his intended departure-Launceston Advertiser October^. ' ' The Corsair.- The steamer Corsair from Port Phlllip arrived here on Sunday, much to the surprise and chagrin of many who had expected that this vessel was laid up as a bad speculation. She has been chartered by the Port Phillip Steam Navigation Company for twelve months, to trade between this port and Melbourne, at the end of which time a power of sale will have arrived from England, and it is supposed the Com- pany will then become the purchasers. She brought no cargo excepting fourteen head of cattle, and about twenty passengers. The vessel will be docked, and, if requiring no repairs, will sail for Melbourne on or about Sunday. It is expected to make three trips per month, the average passage being about ten days.-Ibid The Sea Horse has made one of the quickest trips ever known between Port Phillip and Sydney, having completed the passage from heads to heads in fifty- eight hours.-.Ibid, 