TILE JIM CROW JOURNAL. This curious print still continues to deny that it has " wheeled about," at the same time that almost the entire of the original, and much of the extract, matter that fill its columns, prove the fact; not even excepting the curiously consistent panegyric upon his excellency Captain William Hlobson, who has just had the misfortune to be rebaptized John at the colonial offce. Our contemporary's denial does not surprise us, for -rI Thus do all ratters: If their purgation did consist in words They are as inlocent as grace itself." -As you Like it. The ratting of the Free Press writer being there fore manifest to all his readers, it is unnecessary for us to remind him of his apology to us before wit. nesses for his " unwitting" insertion of Veritas's letter, which "had the misfortune to get into type before he saw it," or to wade through the files of the defunct Colonist for proof of that which nobody that we have met doubts. Far less would it become our position to descend to bandy abuse with one whose language is too coarse to provoke a retort. We may, however, give our readers the following piece of intelligence, which we presume is meant as a prospectus of Dr. Lang's forthcoming work : "As to his (the Chronicle's) abuse of our reve rend friend Mr. M'Intyre, editor of the ['totestant Magazine, and his chuckling and malignant triumph over the demise of that periodical, we have only to remark, that the former was most audacious and unmerited, and that the latter is destined to meet with a speedy and retributive check. The disconti nuance of the Protestant Magazine is only prepara tory to the starting of a Protestant newspaper, under the title of the Guardian, for the express purpose of more effectually and summarily contendang against the progress, machinations, and errors of Popery in this land. So, Master Duncan, you shall have hot work of it shortly, and no child to deal with either!" An awful threat, this i Meantime, swe think we shall best prepare for this " hot work" by remaining as cool as possible. If the Doctor becomes, as he has given us to hope, a tolerant and consistent voluntary, we shall be oftener on his side than. against him; but, if it should be otherwise, we apprehend he will have enough on his hands in reconciling the combatants within his own fold, and storming Episcopacy, which, like a hero of true valour, he will of course do before he falls upon the weaker adversary. At the worst, we know the worst, and have no apprehension that the Guardian will be anything more than an auxiliary-willing or unwilling-in bringing about the annihilation of that ghost of sectarian ascendancy which sometimes, even yet, attempts to rise and frighten us. A correspondent suggests that the ratting of the Free Press may be a bait thrown out to catch the Presbyterians before they fall into the Guardian's net. In that case we suppose the " no child" and the child will divide the garment of John Knox be tween them, and we wish them fair play. We have never yet in the slightest degree meddled with the peculiar doctrines or history of the kirk (albeit they are all at our fingers' end), nor have we touched upon the scandalous disputes which occa sionally bring that sect before the Australian public, like " darkness visible "-non nostrum tantas com ponere lites-but, if the gentlemen of the kirk will step out of their way to assail its and our faith, we know, thank heaven, both how to defend and how to attack in our turn. We shall, therefore, welcome the Guardian as an auxiliary, or defy it as a foe, accordingly as it shall prove itself the advocate of religious equality or of Protestant ascendancy. As to our penitent brother of the Free Press, we assure him that we have as much confidence in him as we ever had (though some of our friends were led on the ice), and we once more hand him over to his weeping friends, in the hope that they will slay the flltted calf in honour of his return home from the popish husks. 