The pro and con of Apparition reality. Tho Debating Society at the School of Arts has gained a firm hold upon the public favor, and we have seldom seen a Theatre of the drama more completely ciowded than was the Theatre of the School of Arts on Monday evening. The subject of debate was an attractive one - Scriptural references to the witch of Endor- Shakespeare's familiarity with supernatural personages from the Tempest to Macbeth, Julius Caesar Addison's Cato, and his illusions in the spectator were to be expected. Defoe and Sir W. Scott's best ghost stonies were introduced at the discretion of the speakers, and apparently much to the amusement of the audience. The principle advanced by the opener was that super- natural appearances were frequently employed to accomplish certain ends, which could not be effected by other agency. Mr. Rae, who followed on the same side, did not proceed to the same extent, but merely introduced certain remarkable cases which could not.be accounted for, but on the theory of spectral appearances. Many ludicrous instances of illusions were brought forward, where ghosts turned out to be dogs, mischievous school-boys fantastically dressed out, tee. &c; The whole subject-excited intense interest, and the debate was adjourned till next Monday, with the very decided impression that the discussion will occupy at Last two or three future meetings, Thb Australasian Chronicle.- We are decidedly of opinion that if a man is led into error, the sooner he backs out of it the better, especially if he gives offence to the feelings of others. We have therefore no reluctance in expressing our reglet, that upon insufficient authority, we gave currency to the account of a subscription publicly announced at Saint Mary's Church, in favour of St. Patrick's building fund. The "respectable tradesman," the protegee of the Chronicle, was our informant; there was certainly no occasion to have called us habitually insincere, because we fell into an accidental error ; it seems that " the seductive method" is practised in Castlereagh street, and not in the church. We are sorry that we were led into such a misstatement, and we volunteer an acknowledgment of our error. Under all the circumstances we think that our contemporary has at least as much reason as ourselves to say "peccavi ;"for it was in his power at once to have explained the misstatement, which proceeded from his own 20s. subscriber, instead of calling ns all the ugly names he has done. livAN Brenan, Esq , the Coroner.-In the Australian of Tuesday, a paragraph ap- peared stating that Mr. Ryan Brenan was lo retire from the Coronership, and that Mr. Slade of the Assignment Board We are enabled to state from the best authority, that there is not a -shadow of truth in these statements, the whole being a fabrication, to suit the purposes of certain parties who "willing .till to kill, but yet afraid to strike," resort to this most despicable of all modes of throwing an arrow at the enemy. Mr. Brenan has no intention ^whatever oit' resigning the effie« of Coroner, neither have the Government the most remote wish to part with the services of a public officer, who is'not only appreciated by them, but by the great body of his fellow colonist*, to whom he has endeared himself by the faith- ful discharge of his many and onerous duties. The Colonial Magazine.-We have to acknowledge the receipt of Montgomery Mar- tin's Colonial Magazine for February. In a future publication, we maybe enabled to give a few extracts from articles on topics of the greatest importance to these colonies. The Colonial Magazine should be in the hands of every one who has the slightest interest in the advancement of New Souih Wales and the neighbouring settlements, the greater portion of its pages being devoted to Austral-Asiatic sub- jects. Such works as this of Mr. Martin's «¡II do more to spread correct information on Colo- nial matters among the reading population of Britain, than any other periodical which Usnes from the British press, and having (Ids ten- dency, independent of other considerations, we shall hail its success with feelings of great satisfaction. Hint to thb Police.-We received yester- day, a communication from a respectable source stating that there are no less than three sly grog shops in the immediate vicinity of Balmain, and that so openly do some of tbe parlies go to work, that the grossest scenes of drunkenness take place, nightly, in these dens of pollution. We trust Mr. Mitchell will send some of his ¡couts abroad, and endeavour to bring to con- viction the guilty parties, who are the cause of nuch annoyance to tho respectable portion of he Balmain {citizens. Tea -We heard yesterday from a commor ciftl gemlsman that (ho lur^e te,i holders are asking tlie enormous sum of £20 per chest for _ . the best hyson skin. Our old friend Tom Mall jll'of Mincing lane, the most eminent di ug br ker in the world, had a standing maxim in gold letters over his counting house fire place to this effect - *' SrLL and repent;" in other words, catch your gudgeons while they aro in the hu- mour to biro. 'I'ho present high prion of tea, is a passing folly. Important Salb.-Wo have been requested to call atleniion to the highly important sale of " Larkham Lodge and Grounds" which are to be disposed of by Mr. Stubbs of King-streul, at his mart, this day, at 12 o'clock. The valut' of these grounds is such that any 'encomiums from us would be misplaced. We cannot how- ever, allow this opportunity to escape, of stating that the soil is admit ably adapted for gardens and orchards, and its vicinity to the town, {being within twenty minutes,' walk) affords a fair opportunity to the small capitalist of en em ing an independence for hie; for further particular?, we refer to. the advertisement which appears in lim-day's columns. 