SPIRIT of the ANGLICAN PRIESTHOOD. -..-o (From the Tablet.) Most of our readers may, or rather must, remem ber the strong testimony borne by the Rev. Sidney Smith, of facetious notoriety, in a recent hot contra versy between the Protestant chapters and the Protest. ant bishops, to the almost exclusive mammon-worship .which forms the ground work of the vocation to a sacred life of the great bulk of the Anglican clergy. The perfect candour with which the omnipotence of money.and-settlement-in-life motives-as induce. ments to submit to that "call of the Holy Ghost" which -must precede ordination-was admitted, or .rather zealously enforced; and the fire of sarcasm and " common-sense argumentation" which was poured forth from that goodly (rather than godly) fountain of laughter inextinguishable, against all those who pretended to seek in the love of God, or any higher motive than pelf, for an adequate in ducement to English Protestants to swell the ranks of the Anglican church, must be present to the .minds of most of our readers. " You cannot serve God and Mammon," quoth the Protestant divine. "1 The love of money is the root of all evil," writes the Apostle of the Gentiles. "The love of money is the 'rout of all good-that proceeds from the Anglican ordinations," quoth the holy canon. 1' Flee covetousness," saith the Protestant rule of faith. " Flee poverty," is the comment of the Protestant pamphleteering theologian. " God has chosen the weak things of the world to confound the lofty," says St. Paul. "God will never allow gentlemen to be rescued from perdition except by the preaching of gentlemen in suits of superfine cloth, keeping up a respectable menage, and waited upon by livery servants," quoth St. Smith. And thus, througlh all possible changes and variations of phrase, do we find the parellel run between the -maxims of Christianity and the practice of the mo dern creed; the one, in words of majestic and heavenly wisdom, exalting and crowning what the .other, in words. of extraordinary wit, much worldly .wisdom, and everlasting folly, takes upon it to condemn. I But, perhaps, after all, it is hardly fair to take -Sidney Smith as a representative of even Protestant .opinion. Nominally a clergyman, he has been all .his life long little better than a buccaneering political parson; stanging his way to favour by jokes, puns, and witticisms; and, so far as he condescends to Stouch upon theology, prescribing a Whig or juste milieu road to salvation, the main precept for tra velling along which is, " Be not righteous over -much." lThus, therefore, though his reverence is a Protestant divine, and is, moreover, the type of no inconsiderable number of Protestant divines-who resemble him, indeed, in the corpulent zest where .with he rejoices in the good things of this life, but do not abound in the Attic salt wherewith he seasons the unctuous fatness of his worldly career-all tlhis -notwithstanding, we are content not to take him as a fair sample even of Protestantism. We prefer taking grave and reverend prelates as our thermome ters, by which to guage the temperature of Pro .testant zeal. And of prelates, can we do better than to take colonial prelates, who, being employed on a sort of missionary service, have been, of course, selected for their more than ordinary missionary and unworldly zeal 1 If spiritual motives operate in any .-partion of the establishment, we must look for them in the men who consent to leave home, and the comforts of their native land, for an unsettled and, comparatively, unsocial and uncomfortable existence. Hear, then, the language of one of these modern apostles; one, too, of whom we have no reason to suspect that he is anything but an amiable, estima ble, and even zealous person. lHear the words of the Right Rev. Dr. Hart, bishop of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, in a charge addressed to the Anglican clergy in British Guiana, on the 18th July, 1839, and now published for the edification of the British public in a volume of despatches but ,just laid before both houses of parliament. He is talking of the importance of " securing the services of a body of men" devoted to their work" by means of-" a liberal maintenance;" and he thus pro. ceeds : "If --and I feel assured that the freedom with .which I speak will.not be mistaken-if, through any misplaced economy, the salaries of the clergy be reduced below the level of that personal respectability which they should on every account maintain in the community-; or, if any uncertainty be allowed to hang over their stated emoluments, it will be impos sible to obtain men of character and trust, either from the mother land or from any other quarter, to Smeet the increasing demand. Individuals of worth can hardly be expected to leave their healthier homes for a..climate, trying, to say the ,least of it, to the constitution, 'with tihe prospect of pecuniary embar rassment on their arrival." We hardly know how to convey to our Protestant readers a notion of, what seems to us, the inex pressible comicality of the above passage. The gravity and earnestness of its tone are undeniable. The hopeless perversity of its matter is equally 'incapable of contradiction. It may be taken, we suppose, for granted, that St. Paul was a " man of character and trust ;" and, moreover, "an individual of worth." Npw, let the ,Protestant reader just substitute the name of St -Paul for the abstraction of the sentence as it stands. "St. Paul can hardly be expected to leave his healthy home, to preach the gospel in a trying cli mate, with the prospect of pecuniary embarrass. meot l" " It will be impossible to obtain the tent maker of 'rarasts to save souls, if Isis salary be reduced below-the level of personal respectability; or if' any uncertainty be allowed to hang over his stated emoluments." What never-ending laughter, or, rather, what horror at the profanation of the name of the great apostle, would not such phrases sas these provoke and justify I In the same way, take any other person in the Catholic church who has been honoured by the title of Saint; take St. Francis of Assissium, St. Austin the Apostle of England, St.' Boniface of Germany, St. Dominic, St. Francis Xavier; the feeling of the absurdity of the sentence, as applicable to them, is felt just as strongly by all thlose who are acquainted with their lives. These holy-men could not have enough of poverty. 'They hungered and thirsted after suffering and all kinds of personal Ihumiliation. They waged a deadly war againt the " personal respectability" of finoe linen and elegant equipments. They were, for the most part, like the Master whose gospel they preached;""they had not wheie to lay their heads." Nay, to come 'down to our own times, and to humbler individuals. Take any of tlhose Catholic soissionaries who have left their " healthy homes" and warn eluarters in Enogland for' tsie prairies of America, the savage Islands of' theSouth, Reas, the clilhised ferocity of China, ori for the toil and hard.l ships even of our own colonial missions. Con it hIe said, otherwise than as a foul slaider, which every Catholic would treat syith contempt and ab. horreence, that tiey could brook no'" uticertainty as to their stated emolumentsl"-that they' were to be haid only on the ierms 'bof fsattening there"up.withi ' personal respectability 1".-tat Ithey' were unwil. ling to, front an unhealthy.climate for thealosu ofa Christ, unless relieved from all fear of ' pec'uniary embarrassment?" The thing may not sound quite as ludicrous when asserted of a great variety of men of different degrees of zeal, and, with all their merit, tinged, we doubt not, tith many human weaknesses and imperfections. But on all hands, it would be distinctly recognised, that so far as these considerations weighed with them to drag them back from the service of the cross, so far they were unfaithful to their trust, and unworthy of the name of missioner. , "Personal respectability" indeed I "Stated emo luments I" " Uncertain incomes I" In the name of all that is left of Christianity amongst us, what is the great moral disorder of our times which a priesthood, if they are to be of more service to us than bank clerks or railway directors, are, by their very office, called upon to fight against and extsrpate T'he worship of Mammon ; the idolatry of " personal respectabilty ;" the accursed slavery of the world to "stated emoluments," which operates as the surest check to every higher and more noble enterprise. These are the enemies against whom a clergy are sworn to do battle to the death. And by these very enemies, says the bishop, the Anglican clergy are all but universally vanquished and held captive. Mark, too, that this is not an accusation against the Anglican clergy by a lay enemy, or by a satirical and worldly-minded dignitary of the establishment. It is not stated as an accusation in any sense of the word. It is put forward by one (we imagine) of the better class of Protestant missionary bishops, with the most perfect unconsciousness of its involving anything but a necessary, and even an unobjection. able, truism, and is addressed by him to his own missionary clergy as an indubitable portrait of them selves. It is as if Dr. Hart had said to his clergy, "You, gentlemen, are the men of worth and character to whom I am alluding. It is ridiculous to expect you to take up your cross, unless your personal comfort and respectability are anxiously protected; unless stated emoluments are appointed you ; and unless all doubt is removed by the government as to the perfect regularity of the future payment of your wages." Let the Catholic reader only for a moment imagine Dr. Polding or Dr. Clancy insulting his clergy by addressing them in such language as this. We are proud to say of these right reverend prelates that they would rather cut off their right hands than use them in the composition of such (to a Catholic) scandalous and abominable sentences. But, alas I in the Establishment these unbearable insults are mere and unnoticeable truisms. It is, moseover, rather amusing to observe the logic of this language. "Individuals of worth can hardly be expected to endure the prospeet of pecu niary embarrassment." How changed are all things since the olden time I The only persons who can now endure poverty are "individuals of no worth." Missionaries of no worth you can have by the hun dred on reasonable terms; but you must pay down in hard cash, with good security for the future, before you can tempt a saint and an apostle to venture over the Caribbean Sea. A Judas Iscariot can be had for thirty pieces of silver; but a St. Paul is literally and truly " worth his weight in gold ;" and can be had, indeed, upon no other terms than those of paying him after this rate of valuation. Pro. testant missionaries, like all other articles of conm merce, have their money value according to the goodness or badness of the article. And as, in tire case of these spiritual commodities, the person who sells and the tihing sold are one and the same, and the seller therefore fixes the price at which he values himself, it is remarkable how just a spirit of self. appreciation pervades this ecclesiastical slave market. The rogue and the fool, the wordling and the illite. rate, the lukewarm and indifferent, knock themselves down cheap. Immoral or incapable parsons are ready in crowds to flock over to unhealthy climates for no better wages than " uncertain emoluments." Lukewarmness needs no inducement to engage in a toilsome and dangerous career; but learning and zeal require to be stimulated by the hope, or rather the certainty, of handsome remuneration. It is only the " men of worth" who will not stir a linger in God's cause at the risk of "pecuniary embarrass ment." We don't know whether our readers remember a rather hackneyed story of a devout Scotch Presby. terian lady, who offered up her prayers to heaven alter this fashion :-" And now, oh Lord, I beseech thee to bestow upon me a moderate and decent com petence. I ask not for much ; but that Thou mayst know exactly what I do ask for, I beseech Thee to bestow upon me, thy unworthy and sinful supplicant, an annual income of four hundred pounds, payable half yearly out of tihe three per cent. consolidated annuities of the Bank of England." Something in tire spirit of this good lady's prayer seems to us to be the pertinacity with which the holy bishop of Barbadoes contends for " stated emoluments," " per sonal respectability," and the absence or all " un certainty" in point of income, as the indispensable preliminary to the manufacture of a missionary of the Establishment. Our readers will now under stand how it is that Anglican missionaries have never been famous for making converts. The spirit of riches cannot win men over to the religion of the cross. 