THE STORY OF THE OLD WOLF. (From the Dublin Penny Journal.) I. Sir Isegrim, the Wolf, was grown old. The years that had passed over his head, too, had brought with them changes hardly to be ex- pected of a wolf at any season of life. All his fierceness and ferocity were gone; he was no longer the slayer of sheep and terror of shep- herds: no; he had lost his teeth, and was now a philosopher. To superficial observers, per- haps, the alteration in his character might not have been very obvious; but he himself knew that he was no more what he had been--that his lupuline prowess had departed from him. He resolved accordingly on showing mankind what a reformation had overtaken him. "One of my brethren," said he, "once assumed the garb of a lamb, but he was still a wolf at heart. I reverse the fable; I seem outwardly a wolf, but at heart I am a lamb. Appearances are deceptive; whatever prejudices may be ex- cited against me by my exterior, with which I was born, and for which I am not account- able, I have that within which passeth show. I trust that I feel an exemplary horror for the blood-thirstiness of my juvenile instincts, and the savage revelling of my maturer years. I am determined, therefore, to accommodate my way of life in future to the usages of so- ciety--to march with the spirit of the age--to cut no more throats--to become, in short, quite civilized--and set an example which may have the effect of eventually bringing all the wolves of the forest into the same reputa- ble position as my own." Full of these thoughts, and possibly some others, which he kept to himself, he set out upon a journey to the hut of the nearest shep- herd, which he soon reached. "Shepherd," said he, "I have come to talk over a little matter with you, personal to myself. You have been long the object of my esteem; I entertain a special regard for you; but you requite my esteem and regard with suspicion and hatred. You think me a law- less and sanguinary robber. My friend, you labour under a deplorable prejudice. What have I done, at least for many years back, worse than others? The head and front of my offending is that I eat sheep. Suppose so; must not every animal eat some other animal? I have the misfortune to be subject, like all quadrupeds, (as will as bipeds,) to hunger. Only guarantee me from the attacks, of hunger, and upon my honor, Shepherd, I will never even dream of pillaging your fold. Give me enough to eat, and you may turn your dogs loose, and sleep in security. Ah! Shepherd, believe me, you do not know what a gentle, meek, sleek tempered animal I can become when I have got what I think is enough." "When you have got what you think enough!" retorted the Shepherd, who had listened to this harangue with visible impa- tience; "ay, but when did you ever get what you thought enough? Did Avarice ever think it had got enough? No; you would cram your maw as the miser would his chest, and when both were gorged to repletion, the cry would still be, More! More! Go your way; you are getting into years; but I am even older than you; and your cajolery is wasted. Try somebody else, old Isegrim !" II. I see that I must, thought the Wolf; and prosecuting his journey farther, he came to the habitation of a second shepherd. "Come, Shepherd!" he began stoutly, "I have a proposal to make to you. You know me, who I am, and how I live. You know that if I choose to exert my energies, can dine and sup upon the heart's blood of every sheep and lamb under your care. Very well: now mark me; if you bestow on me half a dozen sheep every twelvemonth, I pledge you my word that I will look for no more. And only think what a fine thing it will be for you to purchase the safety of your entire flock at the beggarly price of half a dozen sheep!" "Half a dozen sheep!" cried the Shepherd, bursting into a derisive laugh; "why, that's equal to a whole flock!" "Well, well, I am reasonable," said the Wolf; "give me five." "Surely you are joking," said the Shep- herd. "Why, if I were in the habit of sacrificing to Pan, I don't think I should offer him more than five sheep the whole year round." "Four, then, my dear friend," urged the Wolf, coaxingly; "you won't think four too many?" "Ah," returned the Shepherd, with a sly glance from the corner of his eye, "don't you wish you may get them?" The selfish scoundrel, how he mocks me! thought the Wolf. "Will you promise me three, or even two?" "Not even one--not the ghost of one!" replied the Shepherd, emphatically. "A pretty protector of my flock I should prove myself, truly, to surrender it piecemeal into the claws of my inveterate enemy! Take yourself off, my fine fellow, before you chance to vex me!" III. The third attempt generally creates or dis- sipates the charm, cogitated Isegrim. May it be so in this present instance! As he mentally uttered this ejaculation, he found himself in the presence of a third shepherd. "Ah! my worthy, my excellent friend," cried he, "I have been looking for you the whole day. I want to communicate a piece of news to you. You must know that I have been struggling desperately of late to regene- rate my character. The enormity of my past career, haunted as it is with phantoms of blood and massacre, is for ever before my eyes, and humbles me--oh, dear! how much nobody can guess. I have grown very penitent, and very, very soft hearted altogether, Shepherd." Here Isegrim hung his head, overcome for a moment by his emotions. "Still, Shepherd, still--and this is what I want you to under- stand--I find I can make after all but slight progress by myself. I go on smack smooth enough for a while, and then my zeal flags. I require encouragement and sympathy, and the companionship of the good and the gentle, who could give me advice, and point out to me the path of rectitude continually. In short, you see, if--if you would be but gene- rous enough to allow a sheep or two of en- lightened principles to take a walk out with me occasionally, in the cool of the evening, along some sequestered valley, sacred to philosophic musings, I feel that it would prove of the greatest advantage to me, in a moral and intellectual point of view. But ah! I perceive you are laughing at me; may I ask whether there is any thing in my request that strikes you as ridiculous?" "Permit to answer your question by ano- ther," said the Shepherd, with a sneer. 'Pray, Master Wolf, how old are you?" "Old enough to be fierce enough," ex- claimed Isegrim, with something of the fero- city of old days in his tone and eye, "let me tell you that, Master Shepherd." "And, like all the rest you have been telling me, it is a lie,'' was the shepherd's response. "You would be fierce if you could; but, to your mortification, you are grown imbecile-- you have the will, but want the power. Your mouth betrays you if your tongue don't, old deceiver! Yet, though you can bite no longer, you are still, I dare say, able to mum- ble; and on the whole, I shouldn't fancy being a sheep's head and shoulders in your way just now. What's bred in the bone will never come out of the flesh, says the proverb; and I believe you are one of the last animals one could expect to falsify it. I'll take right good care to keep you at crook's length, my crafty neighbour; make yourself certain of that!" IV. The wrath of the Wolf was excessive, but after some time it began to subside. Man- kind, it was evident, at least the pastoral portion of them, did not appreciate as they ought the dawn of intelligence among the lupuline race--the first faint efforts of the brute intellect to attain emancipation from ignorance and savageism. However, he would try again. Perseverance might conquer des- tiny. The Great, thought he, are not always thus unfortunate. Certainly it should not be so in my case. Ha! here we are at the door of another shepherd, and methinks a man of a thoughtful and benevolent aspect. Let us see how we shall get along with his new crookship. So he began: "How is this, my dear friend ?" he asked; "you seem rather de- pressed in spirits. Nothing unpleasant, I hope?--no domestic fracas, or thing of that sort--eh?" "No," returned the Shepherd, sighing, "but I have lost my faithful dog--an animal I have had for years--and I never shall be able to supply his place. I have been just thinking what a noble creature he was." "Gadso! that's good news!" cried the Wolf--"I mean for myself--ay, and on second thoughts, let me add for you too, Shep- herd. You have me exactly in the nick of time. It's just the nicest thing that could have happened !" "What do you mean?" cried the shepherd. "Nicest thing that could have happened! I don't understand you." "I'd enlighten you, my worthy," cried Isegrim in high spirits. "What would you think? I have just had the bloodiest battle you can imagine with my brethren in the forest; they and I quarrelled upon a point of etiquette; so I tore a dozen and a half of them to pieces, and made awful examples of all the rest. The consequence is, that the whole of the brute world is up in arms against me; I can no longer herd with my kind; for safety sake I must make my dwelling among the children of men. Now, as you have lost your dog, what can you do better than hire me to fill his place? Depend upon it, I shall have such a constant eye to your sheep! And, as to expense, I shall cost you nothing; for as employment, and not emolument, is my object, I shall manage to live on a mere idea--in fact, I don't care whether I eat or drink; I'll feed upon air, if you only take me into your ser- vice!" "Do you mean to say," demanded the shep- herd, "that you would protect my flock against the invasions of your own brethren, the wolves?" "Mean to say it! I'll swear it," cried Isegrim. "I'll keep them at such a distance that no eye in the village shall see them;-- that their very existence shall become at length matter of tradition only; so that people shall think there is only one Wolf--that's myself--in the world." "And pray," asked the Shepherd, "while you protect my sheep against other wolves, who will protect them against you! Am I to suppose that though you hold the place of a dog, you can ever forget that you inherit the nature of a wolf? And if I cannot sup- pose so, should I not be a madman to employ you? What, introduce thief into my house that he may forestall by his own individual industry the assaults of other thieves on my property? Upon my word, that's not so bad! I wonder in what school you learned such precious logic, Master Isegrim?" "You be hanged !" cried the wolf in a rage, as he took his departure, "a pretty fellow you are to talk to me of schools, you who were never even at a hedge school ! V. "What a bore it is to be superannuated!" soliloquised the Wolf. "I should get on famously, but for these unfurnished jaws of mine;" and he gnashed his gums together, with as much apparent fervor as if he had got a mouthful of collops between them. "How- ever, I must cut my coat according to my cloth." 'Tis not in mortals to command success." With which quotation from an English poet, Sir Isegrim made a halt before the cottage of a fifth shepherd. "Good morrow, Corydon," was his cour- teous greeting. The accosted party cast his eyes upon Ise- grim, but made no reply. "Don't you know me, shepherd?" asked the Wolf. "Perhaps not you, as an individual," said the shepherd, "but at least I know the like of you." "I should think not, though," suggested Isegrim. "I should think you cannot. I should think you never saw the like of me, Corydon." "Indeed!" cried Corydon, opening his eyes; "and why not, pray?" "Because, Corydon," answered Isegrim, "I am a singular sort of wolf altogether:-- marvellous, unique, like to myself alone. I am one of those rare specimens of brute in- tellectuality that visit the earth once in three thousand years. My sensibilities, physical and moral, are of a most exquisite order. To give you an illustration--I never could bear to kill a sheep; the sight of the blood would be too much for my nerves; and hence if I ever partake of animal food, it can only be where life has been for some time extinct in the natural way. My refined susceptibilities have totally disqualified me for living in the forest, and I want a home under your hospita- ble roof. I know that after what I have said you cannot refuse me one, for even you your- self eat dead sheep; and I protest most so- lemnly that I will dine at your table." "And I protest most solemnly that you shall do no such thing," returned the shep- herd. "You eat dead sheep, do you? Let me tell you that a wolf whose appetite is par- tial to dead sheep, may be now and then persuaded by hunger to mistake sick sheep for dead, and healthy sheep for sick. Trot off with your susceptibilities elsewhere, if you please. There's a hatchet in the next room." VI. Have I left a single stone unturned to carry my point? demanded the Wolf of himself. Yes, there is a chance for me yet. I have it. And full of hope he came to the cottage of the sixth shepherd. "Look at me, Shepherd!" he cried, "am I not a splendid quadruped for my years?-- What's your opinion of my skin?" "Very handsome and glossy indeed," said the shepherd. You don't seem to have been much worried by the dogs." "No, shepherd, no," replied Isegrim, "I have not been much worried by dogs, but I have been and am worried by hunger. Feed me then to death, cram me to the gullet, shep- herd, and I'll bequeath you my beautiful skin!" "Upon my word," exclaimed the shepherd, "You come to the person of all in earth most interested in compassing your death, and you demand of him the means to enable you to live. No, no, my good friend, your skin would cost me in the end seven times its worth. If you wish to make me a present of it, give it to me now. Here's a knife, and I'll warrant you I'll disembarrass you of it, before you can say Trapstick." But the wolf had already scampered off. VII. "Oh, the bloody minded wretches!" he exclaimed, "give them fair words or foul, the sole retort to you is still, the hatchet, the cleaver, the tomahawk! Shall I endure this treatment? Never!" So saying he furiously dashed back the way he had come, rushed into the shepherds' huts, sprang upon and tore the eyes out of several of their children, and was only finally killed after a hard struggle, during which he ma- naged to inflict a number of ugly wounds upon his captors. It was then that a venerable shepherd of five score years and ten, the patriarch of the village, spoke to them as follows:--"How much better, my friends, would it have been for us if we had acceded at first to the terms proposed by this reckless destroyer? Whe- ther he was sincere or not, we could have easily established so vigilant a system of discipline with respect to him that he should not have had it in his power to injure us. Now, too late, we may deplore the evil that we cannot remedy. Ah, believe me friends, it is an unwise policy to drive the vicious to desperation; the hand of the outcast from society becomes at last armed against all mankind, he ceases after a season to distinguish between friends and enemies. Few, perhaps none, are so bad as to be utterly irreclaimable; and he who discourages the first voluntary efforts of the guilty towards reforming themselves, on the pretence that they are hypocritical, arrogates to himself that discrimination into motives which belongs alone to the Supreme Judge of all hearts, and becomes in a degree responsible for the ruin- ous consequences that are almost certain to result from his conduct. 