NORTH SHORE. To the Editors of the Sydney Herald. GENTLEMEN-As a period when almost every Sydney man is depressed with anxiety, and his shopfitter visage wanders about our streets like a departed ghost in a city of the dead, it may be some relief to the afflicted, as also a sanitary admonition against despondence to shew what is doing on the North Shore, on which subject you had an excellent article a few day's ago. Mr. John Coyle (not our worthy tailor) quarryman for the houses of Messrs. Younger, Clint, and Stott had the felicity to receive from the hands of the Doctor and Mrs. Coyle last week, a son and heir, an incipient quarryman like his Herculean father in miniature ; whereupon a Christening und feast was got up, of which I send you the particulars, not to gratify the doting parents, or with any other feeling than to shew our Yorkshire friends at home, who are too timid to emigrate, what sixteen weeks' of industry in his laborious occupation has done for this man, I and what any equally industrious man may do for himself. At this Christening, twenty-five couples sat down to the reflection, and the board literally groaned under its weight of roast beef, boiled and roast mutton, roast and boiled fowls, two hams, plum pudding, soup, cheese, fruit, two gallons brandy, two gallons rum, four dozen ale, one dozen porter, two dozen wines, a thirteen pound cake, roast pig, tea, coffee, again quantities which vied with the princely tables of our squirearchy at home. The feast was kept up to a late hour dancing and music on the green, and the delighted party separated in good order next morning, leaving one pint of brandy silicon suined ; but our host, being a Tetotnller, had not broken that pledge which he had taken on the evening of the day when the young stranger made his appearance, and gave a new object to his future life. Now, Gentlemen, this is no fable, but a matter of fact, occurring under our noses, and which any of us can verify. It is usual to conclude a fable with a moral couch the terms of this moral I own myself incapable; however, I see a field of reflection not too large for my comprehension, but too vast for my humble pen to do that justice to the interest of society which the case demands well you can draw it yourselves There is an artizan whose wages at home would be 18s. to 20s. a week, earning in sixteen weeks' labour a on three houses £120, and who will earn a similar amount in the ensuing sixteen weeks, being an average income of £400 a year-a sum for a tithe of. which countless millions of men are content to brave the dangers of life, liberty, health, toil, and every species of privation, ending in early death, while, by emigration hither, each might sit at a lordly board like this untutored quarryman LITHO. N B I shall perhaps trouble you again about this extension of Sydney by the New Punt 