A TALE OF THE MONK'S GHOST. BY TIMOTHY WINTERBOTTOM. In the days of my (fish said the Monk's (ghost, I saw numbers of those castles built which now form so many interesting ruins on the Caithness coast. They were erected by itinerant bands of masons who generally migrated from Italy. Castle St. Clair, near the Burgh of Wick, was built by one of these bands and a merry tribe of black eyed individuals they were. The jest, and the fire, and the snapping hammer, often disturbed our matins and vespers at the chapel of Saint '('ayres. There was one among them, however, who was never seen to smile, yet his face was cheerful, and his eyes approached nearer to a dark grey than those-of his companions. He had a healthy weather-beaten ruddiness in his cheeks, and certain contrac- tions of the skin at the outer corner of each eye, indicating that his staid appearance was only assumed, and that death was the natural disposition of his heart. He wore a tremendous bushy beard, and of a colour that gained him the appellation of the gray-bearded mason of Paris.' He had joined the band in Caithness, and was personally unknown to any of its members ; but his taciturnity caused strange surmises, as it was whispered, that on quarter nights he was the merriest of the gay. His activity and skill placed him in the front rank, the particular parts of the building, such as it goes, windows, &c.; falling to his share. Sometimes he suddenly disappeared for days together, and no one knew where he went ; but whenever they approached to any part of the building unions nice execution was re- quire!, Grey beard was seen at his post. Wonderful rumours spread abroad, that he was seen walking of nights in the graveyard of the cb peal, and that on moonlight nights, as appearance like a pillar of light moved beside- him. Some fancied it was a spirit others, that it was a lady-and not a few, that it was the sheen of his grey beard. The Sinclair seldom visited the work on week days, but every Sunday saw him struggle through its windings, heedless of the (Bishop's reproof for this desecration of the Holy day, and his neglect of the mass I saw him once meet the gray- bearded mason, and although he was taller, I could not help thinking that they bore a marked resemblance to each other-only the countenance of the Chief was of a darker and sterner cast. The mason made a slight obeisance in passing, and the Sinclair gazed after him for a moment, then came up to me, and said in a deep under- tone " Monk, do dead men walk?" " The I read lost in their graves, my L ml," replied I. " I had a father, and a brother once," sill he, handing me his purse; say forty masses for each of their souls: they died iinlhrieved." On this, he mounted his horse, and was quickly out of sight. Soon after this incident, Jacobo-Tiowcli and Giovanni Square, two journeyman masons, sat in Gibby Bruin's ale house, in Staxigoe, a village belonging to the township of Ross. The night was cold, and the north wind howled in the barrel that served to convey the smoke through the roof, for the fire was in the middle of the door of the apartment. " This is, indeed, a night for a cup of ale," said Giovanni. Saw you theSinclair last Sunday?" said Jacobo, changing'the.conversation somewhat abruptly, '. ' Stately swept the east, and stately steps he west. continued be, but so soon as our Gray-beard crossed his walk, he leapt into his saddle, and galloped away as if a whin-bush were tied to his horse's tail." " That Grey-beard must be a very devil," replied his companion, " he pastoral our lady in the aisle same day, and by Saint Ambrosia, she no sooner saw his beard than o'er she fell as did and white as a piece of marble pillar." " And does he not vial k the grave yard on moonlight nights ?" asked Gibby Bain, as be set down a jug of ale to the two worthies. " Ay, and on star nights, too," said Jacobs. "But he never walks along." said Giovanni. "Save us a'!" said Gibby running to the door, "there are horses' feet ; who is so mad as gallop this way on such a night as this?" Gibby returned in a second, and with a face of astonishment, told that a man had passed on horseback straight for Noss head, with something flying over his right boulder, very like a pound often-. " Gray beard, by St Tomaso," said Giovanni, making for the grave yard, as usual." " And we'll be there before he leave it," said Jacobo, evidently elevated by the courage giving beverage. "And if it be our Gray-beard," said Gibby, as he showed his guests to the door, " his house must be an evil spirit, for no earthly beast could go this road at you rate in day-light, let alone 11 o'clock at night." The moon was still Bills in heaven, but only at intervals sent down a momentary light being oter-bhaded by large dark clouds, carried swiftly by a strong north wind across the sky. Jatobo and his friend had to pass close to the graveyard of St. Taj re on the way to their barracks, hut before they passed in the false spirit which animated them at Gibby's fire side, and what they saw that night they kept as sacred as the mason word,' or their Just confession, Next morning the moon set, the wind' ceased, and the sun shone as clearly over the, calm sea, as if nothing had happened the previous night. "The just and the fire,- "at the snapping hamin^rstiutide-d from the castle wall as usual, and the gray bearded mason was them as early and as active as ever. Thus the building went on from day to day, until the last globular stone was set on the highest turret. The Sinclair spread his feast, and treated his returners to an excess of revelry. No brawls disturbed the festival; but about the middle watch of the night, as the Earl looked round, on his numerous guests, and said with complacency, " this night shall pass with unstinted joy," the gray bearded mason strode into the hall, and fixing his bright eyes on the Chief, said in a never to be forgotten tone of a voice That this castle stands fair in the sun, Where the sea meets the shore, Never shall a lady of the Sinclair Sun herself in his hall door." All was consternation at this announcement and in the confusion arising from his appear- ance, Graybcartl vanished, liven Gibby J ¡Jain, sitting in the middle of a batch of mo- stars, stopped suddenly in his account of " Tis merry in the ha' where beards wag is'," astonished at the sudden gloom that over- spread the company. As the sun was rising on the morrow in a cloudless sky, Lady Sinclair stood in her hall door, sporting playfully with her lord, when, lo! a drop of water, cold cold, and clear as crystal, fell on her fair hand. She looked up, and another kissed her cheek, so cold, it made her shudder, and it fell drop drop, from the lintel to the Lodestone. Cement of every kind that ingenuity could devise, was applied but still the drop, drop drop, dropt, continually. Then they thought of the gray bearded a mason of Pisa, and his ominous prediction. Me was sought for, but could not be found. The Countess was a corpse, cold as the water that fell upon her, in two days thereafter. The castle is now a ruin, but still the cold I drop drops, and has worn a hole in the soles stone of its hall door. But, Timothy, continued the Danks's ghost, crossing his long fingers seriously, I have lived min and ghost Ion;: enough to know, that there in a drop in many hall doors on Caithness, besides in that of Castle Sinclair, and that plenty of good drops are to be had within the walls, too. 