THE BLACK TOM CAT.. i? art i. "I recollect when E was on a Mediterranean, voyage how we were frightened' with noises,, sure enough," observed one of the men. " Come, that's right, Dick, give lis a yarn," said the others. " Yes," replied Dick, "and it's a true yarn too, and all about a ghost." " Well, stop a moment," said one of the men, " and let us top this glim a bit before you begin ; for it seemed to get dimmer the moment you talked about a ghost." Dick waited till a little- more light was obtained, and then commenced.. " I had shipped on board of a vessel bound to Smyrna, now about seven years ago. We had. gone down to Partsmouth, where we waited fpr one of the partners of the house by which we had been freighted, and who was going out as a passenger. We were a man short, and the. cap-, tain wqnt on shore to get one from the crimps,, whom he knew very well, and tile fellows pro-., mised to send one on board the next morning. Well, sure enough a wherry came, off with him. just before break of day, and he and bis traps,, were taken 011 board ; but it was not perceived, at the time, what he had in his arms under his grego ; and what do you think it proved to.be at daylight? Why — a large, black torn cat." " What, a black one?" tfc "Yes, as black as. the enemy himself; The- fellow came down forward with it, and so says I,. ' Why, messmate, you're not going to take that: animal to sea with us?" "'Yes, I- am," said he very surlily ; ' it's an. old friend of mine and I never parts with him.' " ' Well,' says I, ' you'll find the difference , when the captain hears on it, I can tell you ; and,, for the matter of- that,. I won't promise you- that it will be very safe if it comes near me, when, I've a handspike in my hand.' (( ' I tell you, what, ' says he, ' it ain't the taking- of a cat on board what brings mischief; but it's turning one out of a ship, what occasions ill - luck. No cat ever sunk a ship till the animal; was hove overboard, and sunk first itself, and then it does drag the ship down after it.' " Well, one of the boys wh,o. did not care about such things for he was young and ignorant, put his hand to the cat's head to stroke it, and; the cat bit him, right through t.he fingers, at which the boy gave a loud cry. " 'Now, that wilf teach you to leave my cat. alone,' said the man; 'he won't come near no-, body but me, and he bites everybody else, so I give you fair warning.' " And sure enough the brute, which was about, as big as two common cats, was just as savage as. a tiger. When the first; mate called the man ou deck, the fellow left his cat behind him in the fore peak, just, as if it were now here ; and; it got into a dark corner, growling and humping its. back, with its eyes flashing fire at every one of: us as we came anigh it. 'Oh !' says we, ' this, here won't never do ; wait till the captain comes on board, that's all.' Well, the hatches were ofiv and we were busy re-stOwing the upper tier of the cargo, which we had thrown in very care-, lessly in our hurry to get down the riyer; just. _ putting the bales in order (it wasn't breaking bulk, you see;) and we were at it all day. At last, towards evening,, the captain comes 011 board with, the gentleman passenger ; a mighty timorsome sort of young chap he. appeared for- to be, and had never before set his foot upon the plank of a. vessel. So, as soon as the captaiu was on deck, we all broke off our work and went to him to tell him about this cat; and the cap tain he gets into a great rage as soon as he hears on it, and orders the man to send the cat on. shore, or else he'd throw it overboard. \Yell, the man, who was a sulky, saucy sort of chap,, and no seaman, I've a notion, gives cheek, anci says he won't send his cat on shore for no man ; whereupon the captain orders the cat to bp caught, that he might send it in the boat ; but nobody dared to catch it, for it was so fierce to everybody but its master : the second mate tried, and he got a horrid bite, and came up from the fore peak without the cat, looking very blue indeed; and then the first mate went, down, anv| ' Tie tried ;' but the eat flew at him, and he came rip as white as a sheet ; and then the cat became . so savage that it stood at the foot of the ladder, all ready to attack whoever, should come down ; and' the man laughed heartily, and told us to ' \- fetch the cat. 4 Well,' says the first mate, 4 1 can't touch the cat, but I can you, you beggar; . and I will, too, if it costs me twenty pounds;' so he ups with a handspike and knocks the fellow down senseless on the deck, and there he laid ; .and it saryed him right. 44 Well, then the captain thought to shoot the eat., for it was for all the world like a wild beast, and one proposed one thing and one another ; at last Jim, the cabin boy, comes forward with some 'brimstone matches in a pan, and he lights them and lowers them down into the fore peak by a rope yarn, to smother it out ; and so it did sure enough, for all of a sudden the cat made a spring 4ip to the deck, and then we all chased t here and there until at last it got out to the end of the flying jib-boom ; and. then Jim, the cabin -boy, followed it out with a handspike, and poked at it as hard as he could, untjl at last it lost its hold, and down it went into the water, and Jim nd.the handspike went along with it; for Jim, 'in his last poke at the cat, lost his balance — so atvay they went together. Well, there was a great hurry in manning the boat, and picking up poor Jim and the handspike ; but the cat we saw no more, for it was just dark at the time. Well, when it was all over, we began to. think what we had done; and as soon as we. had put on the batches andsecured the hold, we went down below into the fore peak, where the smell of brimstone did not make us feel more comfort able, I. can tell you, and we began to talk over the matter ; for you see the cat should not have yeeii cm own oveiooara, out put onshore; but we were called away to man the boat again, for the fellow had come to his senses, and swore that . he would not stay in the ship, but go on shore £rid take the law of the first mate ; and thefiist mate and captain thought the sooner he was out , of the ship the better, for we- were to sail before daylight, and there might not be a wherry for him to get into ; sp the fellow took his kit, and we pulled him on shore and landed him on S.outhsea beach, he swearing vengeance the whole way, and as he stepped out on the beach he turned round to us, and said, as he shook his fist, ' You've thrown overboard a black tomcat , recol- feet that! and now you'll see the consequence ; .a pleasant voyage to you,— -I wouldn't sail in that vessel if you were to offer her to me as a present .as soon as she got to Smyrna; because why— you've thrown overboard a black torn cat, and .. yoiTll never get there— never f cried he again, land off he ran with his bundle. . . 14 Well, we didn't much like it, and if the' second mate hadn't been in the boat, I'm not sure that we shouldn't all haye gone on shore rather than sail in the vessel; but there, was no help tor i t. The next morning before daylight we started, for _ the captain wouldn't yrait to get another hand, and we were soon out of soundings, and well into the Bay of Biscay. We had just passed Cape Finisterre,. when Jim, the cabin boy, says, one morning, 4 1'nr blessed if I didn't hear that pat last night, or : the ghost on itP So we laughed at him ; for, you see, he slept abaft, just outside the cabin- , /door, close to the pantry, and not forward with the rest of us. : « 4 Well,' says he, f I .heart her miaul, and . when I awoke I think I seed two eyes looking at .me.' . Well, Jim,' said I, for we had got over our feqis, 4 it was you who knocked: her overboard ; : so its all right that she should haunt you and nobody else.'. Jim, however, could not laugh, but looked very graye ancl unhappy. A few days _ : afterwards, the captain and passengers complain- that they could not sleep lor the noise and racket that was kept up all night between the timbers and in the run aft. They said it was as ? a whole legion, of devils were broken loose ,and scapipering about : and the captain was ye.iw grave ; and ,as for the passenger, he was frio-ht- ened out of. his wits. Still We laughed,, because we had heard nothing ourselves, and thought R only be fancy oil their parts, particuR larly as the captain used to boiyse Ms jib up pretty taut every night. Well, all went on very well ; we arrived at the Rock, got our fresh provisions and vegetables, and then made sail again. The captain complained of no more noises, and Jim of no more eyes, and the whole matter was almost forgotten." Here the narrator was interrupted by the thumping of a handspike on the deck above. 44 Halloo! what's the matter now!" 44 Come, tumble up, my lads, and pump the ship out," said the mate from above; 44 we had almost forgotten that. Be smart now, it's but a ten minutes' job." Thus broke off the story, much to my annoy ance ; but it could not be helped, — ships must be pumped out,-— so the men went on deck, and I followed them.- — Poor Jack, \- — — — O . 