SATURDAY, JUNH 12. The court opened at the usual hour on Saturday morning, and Mr. Justice Burton took his seat upon the bench. The case of Maclaren v. Lyons was then called, but, there being only eleven jurors in attendance, it was ordered to stand over till next terml. Ilias onor stated that the judges had it in contemplation to make a rule for the summoning of special juries different to the one now in force; namely, that instead of having only twelve names on the panel there should be twenty-lour. as was the case with common juries; such difficulties as the present would then he avoided. 'There being no other case for trial by juries, the court adjourned to Wednesday, when a full court will sit fbr the purpose of hearing and determining applications for new trials ; the court will sit for the same purpose on Thursday; and on Tuesday, the 22nd, the remanet assessor cases will be com menced. 'TH SYDNEY POLICB.-A very judi cious plan has just been adopted with the constables of this corps, in having their number and the divi. sion to which they belong painted upon the front of their hats. This will perhaps act as a restraint upon some of these gentry, who are rather too fond of exercising their " brief auithority," as it will be the means of their more easy recognition. GAs.-We are pleased to observe that the shops in Sydney are rapidly being illuminated with this brilliant and incomparable light. A large number of the shops in George-street have already had it laid in, and others are following their ex ample. On Saturday night some of the stalls in the poultry and butter market were lighted up, and we are led to believe that in a short time nearly the whole will he so provided. Several mure public lamps have also been erected. AUSTRALIAN HARtMONIC SOCIETY.- t The meetings of this society continue to be well at. tended, and it seems in a fair way to become a very prosperous and well conducted institution. On Wednesday evening the exquisite parody on the " Groves of Blarney," which appeared in our journal a few weeks ago, was sung with great ellect by the secretary of the society, and, judging from the man ner in which it was received by the company, bids fair to become a favourite. The meetings of the society are conducted in a manner equal to anything of the kind either in this colony or at home, and the evenings are spent in a must delightful manner. At the conclusion of tie first part of the programme wines are introduced, with the necessary ingredients for negus for those who choose ; and, after the lapse of about twenty minutes, the tables ate cleared and the second part of the programme is gone through ; wines are again placed on the table, but no spirits are allowed, and at eleven o'clock the president an nounces the hour, which is perfectly understood by the members, and the meeting breaks up. This will ihe sufficient to shrew those persons who complain of the want of amusement after the hours of business are over, that by forming societies similar to the above they may enjoy all the harmony and social pleasures which are so much cultivated in our father land.-Correspondent. ACCIDENT- . - On Saturday night, about half past eleven o'clock, Sinclair Mitchell, steward of the American ship Venice, lying at Campbell's wharf, unfortunately foill from thte taogo leading from the wharf to the vessel, and was drowned ; lie had not many minutes before parted from the steward of the Jeanette, and appears to have been sober at the time. The body was found float ing in the water in an upright position, near the ship, on Sunday morning ; the deceased was a man of colour, and a native of America. An inquest was heldl on tihe body yesterday, at the Noew York Hlutel, Lower George-street ; a verdict of accidenttal death was recorded. THE ORWELL'S MAIL.-A fresh in formation having been filed with respect to the detention of the mail per Orwell, the different wit. nesses were subpoenaed to attend at eleven o'clock yesterday at the marine court. The office was Ii crowded with merchants, who appeared anxious to I know how the tffair would terminate ; but, after ( waiting for about an hour and a half without the tI case coming on, an adjournment was moved for by I those employed in the prosecution, and it was there. h fore postponed until that day month. [The public p are still anxious to know what all this means.] n STEAM ExcunslIOSN.-Wro perceive, by referring to our advertisinn columns, that the hi General Steam Navigation Company are about ti sending the 'l'amar to Wollingong and Jervis fBay tomorrow. By this conveyance parties who have 1 made purchases at tile late sale will have an oppor. I tunity of inspecting the land, and the proof ofa I steam communication being practicable cannot but enhance its value. We consider that the public are in some measure bound to suppot the undertaking, as the company seem anxious to promote the interest of every new township. SEIZURE OF ILLICITLY DISTILLED Sotsnrr.-Owing to information received from a man named ilutter, an assigned servant to Mr. Aber- e crombie, whose evidence had been taken in the late t smugghnog transactions at Jtushcutter's Bay, Colonel e Gibbes and Captain Brown, accompanied by custom house oflicers and some of the water police, pro- e reeded to tihe Glenmoro Distillery, belonging to c Abercrombie andi Co., on Ihe night of Friday last, a where a seizure was made of illicitly distilled spirit, a amounting to a great quantity. From the samples t we have seen, we have little doubt that the ingre- a dients consist chiefly either of molasses and sugar. E We understand that the otlicers have taken posses. sion of the distillery, and that the earliest opportunity n will be taken of bringing the case before the court. 0 A Correspondent stales that the inha- v bitants of Clarence-street, near Barrack-lane, have ii been considerably annoyed by some malicious person b in the barracks occasionally throwing large stones a and brickbats over the wall and striking the houses C opposite, to the imminent danger of any person who might be seated at any of the win;dows at the time. I Last week there were no fewer than three windows t, broken in this mnanner at different times. We , would not suppose for a momsnent that any person it calling himself a soldier would disgrace himself so t, for as to be guilty of so cowardly an action ; but we would advise the inmates of the barracks to see d into the affair, and prevent, if possible, a repetition a of the same, by bringing to justice any patty who A may be guilty of so base a proaeeding. RonBBRY.-A soaman lodged a conm- it plaint wilth Captain Brown yesterday that the go. It vernment men on board the diving bell hulk had it taken hint on hoard the preceding night, whilst in a tl state of partial intoxication, and robbed him of his g money and the discharge Ihe had received from his c last captain. HIaving stated that he could identify p the parties two policemen were dispatched with him c to apprehend them. ji VWe are requested to invite attention to ri the extensive sale of land and cattle which will be ti held at the rooms of Messrs. Foss and Lloyd to. c morrow morning. The properties are situated at n Brisbane VWater, Kiama, Queanheyan, Five Dock, tl and Maitland. For particulars see advertisements, rc &RELEASED; PRISON ISt EX KITE.-We t stated last week that the prisoners had been given up, b and that they had arrived here in the transports from Chusan. We have since learned that it was only a after repeated demands front Captain lBourchier that they were at last liberated, the Chinese evidently being inclined to evade that part of the treaty with L Keshen. Latterly the notes demanding their release were of a very stern cast, and the Chinese, finding v that no subterfuge would avail them, at last sent therm to Tinglhae. Of the six marines that were on board, three, we understand, died during the impri sonmenrt, they, as well as the crew of the Kite, having been kept closely confined all the while, an exception to this treatment being only made in favour of Captain Anstruthers and Lieutenant Douglas, and latterly Mrs. Noble also. The sufferings this lady a has undo-gone well deserve the sympathy of the feeling and generous, and a narrative of them, from the pea of Mrs. Noble, is, we understand, very soon s to ibe published. When the Kite upset, her captain, i Mrs. Noble's husband, fell overboard, with their infant son in his arms, and they were drowned, thus depriving her at one moment of both husbandl and c chiill. Mrs. Noble was saved from sharing the fate of those dearest to her, and she and Lieutenant Douglas, with three or four of the crew, reached the inhospitable shores of China in a small boat, after having been exposed to much suffeting during two days, being without food or water. As soon as they reached the land Mrs, Nobl!e was shut up in a cage, I and sll this condition carried tlhrough manyyopulous towns andl villages, a spectacle to the gapng mul titudes, until at last she reached Ningpo, where the same cage continued to be her prison for some timne. The extreme bodily sufferings to which this cruel treatment exposed Mrs. Noble were aggravated by apprehensions as to what would ultimately be her fa'e, it being at one time the serious intention of the Chinese to send her to Peking, as sister of the queen of England; and, if this had been done, who knows whether even a helpless female would have been safe from the punishment which it is said was intended for the other prisoners, namely, to be cut in pieces in the imperial presence-a spectacle which Keen lung was very partial to, and had frequently displayed before him, whenever by good fortune or treachery enemies, by him called rebels, fell into his power. Her imprisonment continued for five months altoge ther, and, although at last restored to liberty, she finds herself isolated, having by shipwreck lost, not only her husband and child, but we fear also all or the greatest part of her property. \Ve doubt not, however, that even at this distance from her home she will everywhere among her countrymen meet with those both able and willing to mitigate her misfortunes as far as this can be done.-Cantours Press, March 13. ''IeB REV. IR. MACLIN AND THIE Dlent SatrTs.-We hear that two Sundays ago the Reverend Mr. Maclin preached a furious sermon at Derby, against the Queen, the ministry, the devil, and the pope. Thile reverend gentleman exhorted his congregation to pray for their minister, thlat assistance might be granted him to pray that the country might be delivered from the wicked people who constituted the Queen's court. Lord Byron (one of the aforesaid wickeds) happened to be ptresent, andappeared much flattered with this raving portraiture of' himself, his royal mistress, and his friends. Tl'here was a general meeting of clergy the otlher day about establishing a general cemetery at Derby. The Reverend Mr. lIoward objectedt to church people and dissenters being buried within the same inclosure, though in separate ground appro priated for each. Another divine thought the deadl might lie still if there was a sufficient fence between churchmen and dissenters; but, whereas one thought a gravel walk an unobjectionable division, another considered an iron fence necessary to preserve the peace; and another declared that nothing short of a high wall would suit him. The meeting was ad journed to consider these charitable notions; and at Its next assembling pne may perhaps learn what rampart is fully adequate to prevent the disembodied spirits of thei departed from clashnlg together in spi. ritual warlare after deathl, and fightiug their battles of orthodoxy and hetorodoxy, to thee damage of the Schurchs establishlment ned disturbance of uicontro versial ghosts.-lDerbyshire Chronicles. S'The Right Lev. Dr. Ryan, Roman Catholic bishop of this diocese, has issued a regulation, prohibiting any of his clergy holding more than a seven acres of land; and several country priests in consequence have been lately obliged to surrender Slarge farms, which they had enjoyed. Dr. Ryan lhas also forbid dinner parties at "stations," where feasts were usually made for the company assembled Y at confessions.-Limergck Chronicle. N?APLRS.--'.leO Queen Dowager left for Rome on the 10th February, to meet there hIer daughter, Queen Christina. It appears that the augunst mediators, who prevailed on tile King of Naples to allow his mother to go to Rome to sea her daughter, have not confined their intercession to this favour, but that they have, moreover, prevailed Son his Majesty to grant his mother a longer leave of absence, and permit her to proceed to Paris, in order t to try, in conjunction with the Queen of the French, Sto induce their royal highnesses the Prince and Princess of Capua to return with her to Naples.; d Culmness undelr contradl ictioniais dtemon strative of great stupidity or strong inilellect.--21m. tnerrsiuth. Tlohe way to fuatm is ,like the way to Shseaveon-through mnachll tribulatnion.-Stsle, k A oredtloous person is like a pitcher, i borneo by the ears, empty of itself, but is apt to hold whartsoever is put into it.-Ilutler, 