THE CABINET. The following lines are from the pen of Mr. Sterling son of Captain Sterling, chief editor of the Times. Mr. SteriJI junior, is a gentleman of very great ability. On the ocean when Maroro arrived in England with Don Carlos, this in f tleman wrote an article against him as the betrayer and Li derer of his friend Mr. Boyd, who was shot in Spain, sandshoes death excited a great sensation in England some years am The next morning Marloo was off for Paris. We had this tm from an eye-witness of Maroto's retreat. THE EGYPTIAN VISION. Spread below the glistening moonbeams Lay the desert bare and vast ; O'er it moved a mighty shadow By no earthly being cast. Toward those walls of Ptolemais Coeur-dc-Lion stormed of Old, Silent passed the shade gigantic, As a shape by seers foretold. 'Twas not England's lion monarch, He who wore the cross divine, But a greater far than Richard, Darkened now the white moonshine. Pole his large imperial forehead, Terrible and fair his face, Keen his eyes' unwavering glances. Slow the vision's gliding pace. And amid the palmy desert, Higher he than e'en the palm, Eyed the city's midnight ramparts 'With a granite statues calm. On those walls the turbaned warder, Heard a windy whisper sweep, Slowly rising 'mid the sam waste, Echoes o'er the billowy deep. Haughty bastions ! once ye failed me, Broke my fame's unconquered sword, Mc whom Mantua's walls withstood not Alexandria owned as lord. 'Twas the Briton's fated banner Charmed your towers against my stay, Saw my bravest thousands perish Saw my glory melt away. Now ye ramparts I I am near you, Strengthening your inviolate town, For the flag of England hastens, Not to save, but smite you down I Be, thou time-built boast of Acre 1 Loftier now than ever before ; Thou that could'st endure my onset, Ne'er must thou be conquered more. Morning dawned, the shadow vanished, ยก And the voice had ceased to sound ; But a louder utterance followed Crash on crash, and shook the ground. From a thousand mouths of terror Bolt on bolt is volleying fast. And above the smoky darkness England's banner crown the mast. Slowly yields each solid bulwark To that iron tempest's power ; 'Till, as from a flaming furnace, Leaps to heaven the central tower. Death is now in Acre's chambers, Horror cramps each living heart, And the few surviving warriors O'er the broken walls depart. Night again is on the desert, And again the mighty ghost. Now with darker fiercer glances. Broods above the routed host. One, a wounded hoary chieftain. who had seen him in his pride, When he led his band to Acre, Knows the look he then defied. Now the aged warrior sees him Torn, although a shade, by pain, Stalk in gloom along the desert, Scared by England's ships again. Far he flits where Egypt's ruins Spread their mounts along the Nile Where the pyramids of Pharaohs Cannot hear the thundering isle I Where the city of Iskander, Greater name than even he, Listens ever to the booming of the melancholy sea. There, beneath the stars of midnight, Stands the sad heroic ghost, Following with his gaze the billows As they journey round the coast. And he seems to track them onward, 'Till amid the Atlantic roar, Steers with all her sails a vessel Bearing still his tricolor. In it sleep the mouldering relics, Whose great spirit marks them now ; While he sees that frigate's progress With intent and mournful brow. They who guide her o'er the waters Listening, start they know not why; Can they hear the guns of Acre ? Or that shadow's dreamy sigh ? Like the kings of Karnak's temples, Like Sesostris' self he rose : Now with them he rests in darkness ; Let him, War 1 at last repose. Still while Britain's tale is chanted, 'Till the stars of time grow dim, 'Twill be bright among her glories, That she never quailed to him. JOHN STERLING. Selections from the German, ยง-c.-Life is a flower garden, in which new blossoms are ever opening as fast as others for Nature is the mirror of the Invisible One.- WiUcheU. The first fault man commits is to take theories for experience; the second to consider his own experience as that of R.-" Menzel. Where children are is a golden agc._Novales. Between congenial minds dissensions are most painful, a discords are the harsher the nearer they approach to concord. Jean Paul. Anger wishes the human race had but one neck, love but one heart, grief two tears, and pride two bended knees.-H>fd. Printed and Published by the Proprietor, WILLIAM GORE ELLISTON, at the Courier Office, in Collins Street, less parish of St. David's, in Hobart Town, at the Printing Of situated as aforesaid. -Tens, 15s. per Quarter, or W if paid in advance. 