Borusasrzo Miâx__jii__zïc_. THEATRE.- The Theatre rc-opens for the season this evening with Colcman's Comedy of the Poor Gentleman. During the, rcccs3 the house lina been entirely repainted, and will in future be lit up with gas. GHOST DEII.VIT. AT THE SCHOOL or ARTS. - This evening the discussion on spectres, &c.;, Í3 expected to be concluded. The Rev. D. Macken- zie will take the chair at half past seven, when Mr. Slnttcrie will read same Syducy College ghost stories nnd others. Mr. Rae is expected to osen the debate, and Mr. Garret, the Teetotal orator, is expected to speak ; besides a clever young lush gentleman and others who rose at the last meeting, but gave way in dismay to Mr. Redmand's Encyclopedia Pùrlhciisis and the ponderous sheaf of manuscript which the lateness of the hour as well as the standing rule prevented him from inflicting upon the audience. NEW ZEALAND.-Extract of a letter from a passenger by the Earl Durham, dated ßay of Islands, 19th June, 1841 -.-"The Earl Durham has put in here on lier way to Valparaiso ¡ there is a thriving little town here, and shops of all kinds with public-houses ad libitum. There are about one hundred and twenty houses in Koro rarika, inhabited by Engli.sh, and a native pah, in the centre of the town. The establishing of the seat of Government et Auckland, on the Thames, has been the means of entiring the most part of the inhabitants from the Bay of Islands. I am told the Government Allotments sold there as high as £1,500 an acre and were afterwards ' cut up ' by the knowing ones and re-s old at a much higher rate. Land in small and large quantities hppears to be the chief article of business here, but there is much lers doing since the natives have been prohibited from selling land thau before. I think New Zealand has been immensely over-rated ; it can never be an agricultural country to any extent. The surface of the country is one succession of hills and mountains, with very little flat lands. I never could have supposed a country to be iormed by nature in s uch a rambling style ; it is like the sea nhen raised by a tremendous gale, suddenly turned to land, and left s.o. Most strange to say there is little or no* grass here, it i¡> generally covered with fern and small scrub, on which the cattle and sheep feed and do well, but the meat has no flavor." THE BLACKS.-By the Piscalor we learn that the two blacks, convicted of the murder of Mr. Stapylton, were executed on the 2nd instant, at Windmill Hill, about one mile from Brisbane Town. They persisted to the last that they were innocent, and that the clothes which they had on when apprehended had been given them by other blacks. There were about one hundred blacks present at the execution. LIVERPOOL WHARE.-Some time ago, a gang of convicts was employed in the construction of a whaif at the west end of Liverpool-street, and something like a beginning was made just suf ficient to indicate that there was a wharf to be formed there, but for months past nothing more has been done ; the consequence is, that the | rubbish which has been shot there, is now all but washed under water, and will sooa form a bank between the intended wharf and the waters of Darling Harbour. RING STEALING.-On Saturday last a married woman named Jane Storey, was committed to take her trial for stealing a finger ring from one of her neighbour's houses, while assisting her to wash und dry some linens. A SUSPICIOUS CASE or FINDING.-William Stanton, a freed man, residing on Brickfield Hill, was fully committed to take his trial, on Saturday last, for stealing a canvas bug, the« property of Margaret Murphy, now Margaret Luke, in the employ of Mr. Chisholm. From the evidence given against the prisoner, it ap- peared that, on the preceding'evening(Priday) she was in liquor, and being taken in charge by n constable, she dropped a small c mvas bag, containing .C2 in notes, and some silver, which the prisoner, who was standing close by him, immediately picked up, covering it with his handkerchief, which he dropped on it. The prisoner endeavoured to impress the Court that as the prasecutrix was iliuuk at the time when it was alleged the purse had been dropped there was no case against bim. Captain Innes told him that a jury would be the best judges as to whether he had taken the purse und its contents or not, und committed bim to take his trial. BALMAIN PROPERTY, &C.-Mr.; Stubbs calls the attention of the public to the watervisw and other important lauded property, this day, tit his Mart, precisely at 12 o'clock. ASHFIELD.-We have been requested to call the attention of the public, to the sale of sonic «ligible allotments which are to be sold on the spot to day by Mr. Stubbs. PROPERTY IN EAST AND WEST MAITLAND. Foss and Lloyd's advertisement of sales in these townships came too late for insertion. It will appear to-morrow. TEAS PER GIRAFFE. These teas were sold on Saturday by Mr. Samuel Lyons, and realised the following prices : -.C s. d. £ e. d. Hyson Skin, per chest .... 7 7 0 to 0 IO Ditto, per 10 catty boxes.. 1 12 0 1 Iii 0 Tvvankay, 10 catty boxes .. ?, 0 0 2 2 0 Congo, "per chest. 8 10 OK' Í) 7 0 Hyson, per catty . 2 10 0 2 17 0 Gunpowder, ditto. 2 11 0 2 17 0 Orange Pekoe, ditto. 1 M 0 116 0 Powchong,ditto. 1 15 0 1 IG 0 Anckoi Souchong. 1 DO 1110 Canton Hyson Skin, per chest . 7 13 0 8 GO It wa3 acknowledged at the sale by good judges that the Giraffe's tens were Hiebest sam- ple that have ever been imported into the colony. 