THE NUMBER SEVEN. :(From the Odd Fellom'' Mq'azine, Jan 1841.) Hevcn is composed of the two .perfect numbers, equal and unequal, -three and four.; for the number two consisting of repeated unity, which is no member, is not perfect. It -comprehends the primary numerical triangle, or time, aid square, or quartile.; conjunctions considered 'by the favourers of planetary influ ence, as of the most benign aspect. In six days creation was perfected, \--on the seventh day of the seventh :nouth,-a holy observance was or -dained to the children of Israel, who =feasted seven days, and remained seven days in tents. The seventh year was directed to be a sabbath of :rest of all things; and at the end of seven times seven years commenced -the grand jubilee. Every seventh :year the land lay fallow; every se -venth-year there was a general re lease from all debts, and all bonds -men were -set free: from this law -may have originated the custom of binding young men to seven years' apprenticeship, and of punishing in corrigible offenders by-transportation for seven, twice seven or zree times -seven years.; every seventh year the law was directed to- be read to the .people:' Jacob served seven years for the, possession of Rachel, and also other seven years. Noah had \--seven days warning of the flood, and .was commanded to take the fowls of .the air into the ark by sevens, and .the clean beasts by sevens. The ark mtouched.ground in the seventh month .and in seven days a -dove was sent out, and again in seven days after. The seven years of plenty, and the :seven years of famine were foretold in Pharoah's dream by the seven fat -and the seven lean -beasts, and the -seven ears of full and the seven ears -of blasted corn. Nebuchadnezzar ,was seven years -a beast; and the fiery furnace was heated seven times :.hotter to receive Shadrac, Mesh ac, and Abednego. . A gran defiled was by the Mosaic law unclean seven days; the young of both animals were to remain with the dam seven ,days, and at the close of the seventh =day to be taken away. By the old law man was comman ded to-orgive his offending brother -seven times; but the meekness of =the revealed religion extended his :humility to seventy times seven. "If -Cain shall be avenged seven-fold, truly Lanmech seventy time seven." In the destruction of Jericho, seven ,priests had seven trumpets seven -days, and on the seventh day they -surrounded the walls seven times, and after the seventh .time the walls fell. Balaam prepared seven years for a sacrifice: and seven of Saul's sons "were hanged to stay a famine. Laban pursued Jacob seven day's journey. .Job's friends sat with himni seven' days and seven nights, and offered seven bullocks and seven rams as an atonement for their wickedness. In -the seventh -year of his reign, King .Ahasuerus feasted seven clays; and in the seventh direeted his seven -chamberlains to find a Queen, who -was allowved seven maids to attend her. Alirizian was cleansed of her leprosy by being shut up seven days. Sotomon was seven years in building the temple, at the dedication of which he feasted seven-days. In the tabernaele wvere seven lamps; seven days were appointedi for an atone ~meit upon the altar, and the priest's -son wvas ordained to wena- his father's ~garmient seven days. Abraham gave seven qwe lambs to Abimelech, as a -memorial for a we'll; and Joseph -mourned seven (lays for Jacob. The ra-bbins say -that God employ ed the power of this number to per. 4ect the greatness of Samuel; his -name answering the value of the *lettei-s in the H-ebi-ew wvoid "which -signify seven; whence Hannah, his mother, in her thanks said-" That -the 'barren had brought forth seven." In scripture are enumerated seven s-esurrections. Tihe widow's son, Elias; the Shunamite's son, by Eli sha4 the -soldier who touched the :bones of the Prophet; the daughter -of the yuler of the synagogue; the widow's -son-o Nain;- Lazarus, and our blessed Saviour. The Apostles ckhose seven deacons; Enioch who was translated, was the seventh from Adam; and Jesus Christ the seventy-seventh in a direct line. Our blessed Saviour spoke seventy times -on the cross, on which he was seven hours; he appeared seven times, and after seven times seven days he sent the Holy Ghost. . In the Lord's prayer are seven petitions, contained in seven times seve'n wohis (omitting those of mere -grammatical coninexioxO. Wi thin this number' are concealed all the mysteries of the Apocalypse, revealed in ibe seven Churches of Asia. There appeared seven golden can dlesticks, and seven stars in the hand of himn that was in the midst : seven lambs before the seven spirits of God; Zhe book with seven seals; the lamb with seven horns, and seven 1 eyes ; seven angels with seven trum- i pets; seven kings; seven thousand ' seven hundred men slain ; the dra- C gon with seven 'heads and seven s crowns; and the beast with seven c heads; seven angels bringing seven I plagues; and seven vials of wrath 5 The vision of Daniel was seventy ( weeks; and the elders of Israel were I seventy. There are also numbered seven heavens; seven planets ; seven 1 stars ; seven wise men; seven champions of Christendom; seven notes in music; seven primary co- I lours ; seven deadly sins; seven sa cramentsin the Romishchurch. The I seventh son is considered as endow ed with preeminent wisdom ; and the seventh son of a seventh son is t still thought to possess the power of' healing diseases spontaneously. 1 Perfection is likened to gold seven times purified in the fire: and we yet say, you frighten me out of my seven senses. Hippocrates says, I that the septenary number, by its I occult virtues, tends to the accom plishnment of all things: to be the dispenser of life and fountain of all .1 changes, and, like Shakspeare, he di vides the life of man into seven ages. For as the moon changes her phases every seven days, this number influ- I ences all sublunary beings. In seven months a child may be born and live and anciently it was not named he fore seven days, not being counted fully to have life before that period ical duty. The teeth spring out in the seventh month, and are shed and renewed in the seventh year, when infancy is changed into child hood; at twice seven ripeness of age at thrice seven years the faculties are developed, manhood commences and we become legally competent to civil acts; at four times seven man is at the full possession of his strength; at five times seven he is fit for the business of the world; at six times seven he becomes grave and wise, (or never;) at seven times seven he is at his apogee, and from that time decays; at eight times se ven he is in his first climat: ic; at nine times seven, he is in his grand climatric, or year of danger : and at ten times seven, or three score years and ten, has by the Royal Prophet been pronounced the natural period of human life.-' May we so number our days, that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom." 