LAUNCESTON: Thuhsday Mokniko, Skptember 23, 1841. If I mtaieife a iftorf hint to an impartial writer, it would tc to tttl htm httfatc. If he retolvet to venture upon the itangeroiu trnttiia of telling tmMaued truth, let him proclaim mar with mankind fi la mode Ic pale de Polo— neither to gipp nor to take atiartn. If he trill Ihe crime* a! great men, then fall upon htm uitli Ihe Iron handi of tlie taw .' if he tells their virtues, when theu *''? ''If- lhm ''? m-b ''''^ Mm ''* '1«™*T' But if hrrrfariii truth, let him et/teel marttriom on both ttaei, nnt then he may m on fearlen ,? and thli it the mine 1 (ate mi,.fjf.-l)e Foe. Thk Cornwall Chronicle of ibe I81I1 idsUdI contains mi article devoted exclusively to this journal, which deserves our notice, if only for this reason, — that it occupies two columns, and is nevertheless almost free from the usual scurrility and abuse. Il is true, this extraordi nary circumstance may be explained by stating tlml tho greater part consists of extracts from the Launceslon Advertiser, yet the commenta ries which our contemporary lias introduced exhibit so gratifying an improvement, that il would be uncharitable in us to discourage this effort by allowing it to pass without a reply. This feeble attempt at reasoning, coming from such n quarter, at least possesses the merit of novelty, and lends to rc-nnimate a hope which had been almost extinguished, viz., that by oc casional castigalions we way eventually slianie our contemporary into a course of consistency, and compel him tacitly to acknowledge by his )wn reformation, that to slander and malign iu lividuals forms no purl of the duties of a jour nalist, that it is possible to argue 'viilio'ii abuse, mi discuss a public question witlxmi assailing |)ritate character. Our contemporary tries lo make out a case of inconsistency, hy 0:11: having M one time been loud in ?lftinunrin^ the road net, and at another sii^nialUiii'; tliosc who recently voted fur its repeal as a rubble of misguided patriots, &c;, &c.; \ very short reply will suffice. The premises upon which the Chronicle rests his case, as nii^lit 1)l- ex pected from so young a logician, is nn assump tion directly contrary to the fnci. The road act which we opposed, and the road act whir.li we wished to sec introduced arc totally distinct, both in principle and detail. The obnoxious act which was opposed by the whole com munity, and rejected with disdain by the in habitants of this district, is still equally odious lo us, but cannot the Chronicle sec the dis tinction bcmceii that measure and the otic which the Memorial suggests ? Our contem porary will not dispute that there is nn essential difference in the principles of the two measures, rmc enforcing taxation without consent, and the other voluntarily offering assistance to the Government. If then, there he a distinction between them, will our cmuempprnry tulinil that we may support one, and oppose the other, without contradiction or inconsistency ; or will he maintain that having once opposed Ihh road act, consistency compels us to continue j our opposition, hnwi-vcv much il may he u'lcred ; n»d amended ? This is precisely 0111 position, ; and lliosc only will deem in inconsistent who [ do not know what consistency means. Our contemporary is equally at limit in his second proposition. Does it follow thai ll»' j voters of the repp.il of ihe nit cuuld not lie a ' ' rabble' becausn we at one time sn^istcd j tliitt repeal ourselves ? Such a deduction is by no mams clear, if it were, »-? should thank the Chronicle for the compliment it conveys, which, however, we do nut accuse him with having intended. In point of fact, lietuwn the repeal and amendment of the act, thero is only a mere verbal distinction. It matters not whether it be entirely repealed, or only amended, if when completed either way, the substance is 1 to lie the same. They an- only two different) means of accomplishing tlii- same end ; wo at! first advocated one, bccaiiM.- iho mher did nol suggest itself, but now that we have carefully weighed and maturely considered bolh proposi tions, we unhesitatingly assort ili.it to j-clition for the amendment appears the more politic course, simply hccaime for reasons assigned by Sir. GliMtlmv the chances of sucxvss arc greater. The Government would condescend J 10 amend, what they would not altogether repeal, mid as portions of the ad are such ns must he introduced into any enactment upon the subject, it is useless to- persist in calling upon the Council to undo, what nndcr any circumstances, they will lime to do again. Those only act inconsistently who whilst they profess tlicif desire to expnn;;e the 1 lad act Train the list of colonial enactments, adopt proceedings directly calculated to (hnarliliat; object. Il was precisely bo at the late meeting. A rabble was collected who, without under standing why or a'hcrefiire, dissolved llsc meet ing upon a mere quibble, so fur (is the real merits of ihe ci\se. are concerned. If we were wrung at all in our ivpori, il is only wlicn we sluted that the leaders of the op position were most heartily ashamed of the par tizans to whom they iwi-d their sun-ess. We should uiulriulitediv have made :i 1 1 exception in favour of ihu 1'Milorof the Chroiiklr, who has never given us any proof that shame is a feeling to tlie pangs of which he is nl ali susceptible. Thu Kditiir of the Cornwall Chronicle has relrealpd from his ' leaders' to correspondence undoubtedly original ; not thai il possesses the nltractions of novelty ; the author Iiimrclf ad mits it to be ' stale'; his ancient wcinphors mid appellatives are thcie; his accustomed tempo- and tone, and his usual gramma tical aberrations are there ; yet, if the- Chronicle finds mysterious silence or angry upbraidings in his intercourse with men, can they complain that he soothes his wounded spirit by letters of encouragement and condolence, and derives consolation from imaginary speeches, and invi sible partisans. When we hear a man tullang to himself, our eyes are withdrawn from his failings, to mourn his misfortunes ; and without waiting for the sanction of a medical opinion, Immunity may overlook the deficiency of pre cedents, and extend equal indulgence 10 him who writes lo himself. The Chronicle has thought oar censures un intelligible. How should we deplore that want of perspicuity did the increase of knowledge always ameliorate ihe mind ! We are however anxious to calm the little agitation, the natural sensitiveness of the poet has occasioned. We had nothing to do with the unpardonable pla giarism, which, seizing his numbers, twisted liis rhymes into a satire, and turned his meta phors on himself. We can assure him we re viewed his poetic essay with the tenderness of a patron, nor docs tlmt ruthless violation of his maiden muse, exhibited in the talc of ' Blue serge', find advocacy here. We go farther, and prolcsl notwithstanding his copyist had the ad vantage of /r«M, that the 'original' of the Chro nicle is most beautiful. Could the fondness of friendship say more P What ! when he writes with bis own hand, signs with his own pen, and prints with his otvn press, llmt his muse is a slanderer, that her verses uttered a libel, and embellished a falsehood ! But the Chronicle reminds us that he did hope, ' the mailer would be set at rest, and the public have heard no more of it'. It is j true, be published the libel in every form— by j a ' leader ', an ' advertisement', ana a ' sonnet' j It is true he wriggled and hesitated until for bearance itself ordered the closing of the door. : But then, with a notice of prosecution in his liand, with a lawyer at his elbow, and a jury iv id) all their sombre associations in prospect, [iu submitted to swallow the bitter draught ; and . now he wishes for rest ; and bids us not disturb ' liis restorative slumbers, nor drop a hint, that , in apology, deferred till the latest moment, and 1 framed to meet his immediate danger, was n ' Immagc rendered to the. majesty of the law, , ind not a spontaneous and generous alone- 1 inent, for unprovoked defamation. ! There is one part of our contemporary's ] letter we implore him lo recall. He has enu- - nictated circumstances which may conduct liim ' lo a fatal resolution. If tlie public do 1101 ] sympathise with his sufferings— il' t'.iey do nut I forgive his anoiogy to a stubborn 'parson,' ' whose reverend inciilu is utterly uumaivi^ablu ' — then (wo quote his ivords,) 1 would cry ilas! for Van Diemen's Land, and ln-avtily ' wish myself the inhabitant of another t-ninilry.' 1 We confess our participation iu i.li^ ^iMn-ri'.l j alarm. What! must the light of li:iiiniesi-.ii i be quenched ; the refuge of malice deinoVnlieil ' ! Alas ! what consolation have we but t!n: sU-n- i dcr hope, that another KA.1NS, and another rock, may suspend his departure, and avert the appalling calamity P Is'TKt.LtGEKCE has been received at 1'oti Phillip that it is the intention of her l\i:i ! jesly's Government 10 sepnralc the Colony of I'ortlnnd Hay, from that of Port Phillip, mid unite il with South Australia. The policy of such a proccfdiiig is by no means apparent to us, nor can wo discover in what motive this project can have originated. A public incrliiig had been convened at Melbourne, to petition against the procedure. Loss or hip. J'aci. l'liv.—Sinco tlie publication of our l.isl number we linn- learned the ColloviinjTniliiilional parlk-nlars connected 'ill) the loss of I he Paul Pry, Caplimi Jenkins, on tier passage from Launu.-slui! lo this nori, as briefly announced in our last. The I'mil Pry Ic- fe tlie wharf ol Launccston on Thumby week, but she dirt not clear the heads inilil Sund.-iy.' '. liit wfatlier was so boisterous in tlie Straits that' she 'as comia'llcil to nut back, and did nut finally leave tin IkM.ls until Tuesday. The weather was favourable until Thursday, and the wind N. N. 10. On Tim-sday night there was a sudden shift of wind from the «',. ac. ciinpnuied with rain and equally weather, u ml during the whole of the night Captain Jenkins never [oft the deck, f'n Friday, towards noon, the weather ucramc more inniUratc, and inclined to haul to the N. ; at half pasl two it again became squally, and the Captain rc inainc-J on deck to keep the look out, while the male and the catiin passengers went to dinner. At three o'clock a lieavv squall blew ; the Caplain ordered the topsail lo be elencd up, the tack of the main-sail to be triced, and the fore spencer brailed up, and was iu the aclof leuini; go the main sheet when the squall struck the vessel with terrific violence, capsizing her on bcr beam ends, .a I) was now contusion — tlie passengers rushing on deck, come of them only lialf'-clolhcd, making their v-'.iy from the steerage with great difficulty in consequence of the sudden rush of the water, and it was at this time one poorlvllo«-(a passenger named Wnil), met a watery grave in the attempt to get out of tlie fore-scuttle. The Captain gave orders to cut away the weather rigging, » -Inch was promptly done by tiotii crew and passengers, but to no purpose. It was now evident that the vessel was rapidly finking, and no chance of escape remained but to betake themselves to the boat, which had been Illicit with hen-coops, ail cant, &c.;, and had xwamped when the vessel capsized. fortunately they managed in gel hutd ul'tin- painter, and succeeded in hauling tier over the iiiiiiu-ni.iU. Mr. Hall, the male, then pot into the bnnt, and tt-iih the aid of n bucket, which he luckily caught, as it Moated on the water, commenced baling out the ivaier. While thus engaged tlie heave of Ihu sea carried Ihe boat under the counter of the vessel, and they were compelled lo cut Ihe paiulcr lo prevent her from being swamped. Wiili some difficulty he succeeded in regaining the urcrk, and nil hands were got into ihe boat, (which was but twelve feel and a hall' in length,) and they luil twl got more than 200 yards from the vessel when she »'t-i:t do nil stem foremost. At this lime Cape Scliank uorc N. N. K six miles, a heavy sea running, and the buat's gunnel whs hut two inches out of the water When about 4'K) yards front the wreck, a heavy sea struck the bnat and HIM her with water, but by constant baling they were cnnblcdlo keep her free. The stern sheets were torn up to form a kind of wash hoard on the weather side, and a man's jacket was used forthc tame purpose on the leu side. When they got abreast of the Schank the weather fortunately lulled, but they found it impossible to land there owing lo Ihe breakers. About atnilcanda-half to the eastward of Cape hclniik they descried a little- sandy inlet, where they succeeded iu land iugjustatdusk.— Fort Phillip Patriot. His Escellcncy Governor Gipps was anxiously ex. peeled at l'ort Phillip, by the next arrival of the Sm Hone from Sydney. The Tiieatbi:— On Monday night was welt atten ded. Tlie pieces selected were ' Venus in arms, or the l'ctlicoat Colonel,' and the laughable farce of ' The Sentinel.' The select ion of sucli pieces as these reflects much credit upon the manager, they arc short, pithy, mnusing and were performed with greater accuracy and pcrfecliou than any yet prcduccd. fllrs. O.Klatherty'e acting fn the ' 1'cuicoat Colonel,' was admirable, we have no hesitation in asening that there ore few actresses out of London who could have sustained this character with equal merit. Indeed the manner in which all ac quitted themselves, was highly creditable, both in the comedy and the farce of Ihe ' Sentinel.' On Thursday evening will be performed the splendid mclo-drama of ' The Idiot witness or a talc of blood,' and thu. farce of ?' My Husband's Ghost.' Mr. Watson takes the |nrl of Uic Idiot, and the lovers of mcla-dramatic acting may expect an excellent treat. New Cut-lien ? The foundalion stone of the new episcopalian church, was laid on Wednesday afternoon, with the usual ceremonies, in presence of a large con courceof the inhabitants. The lotal population of New South Wales, includ ing Port l'hillipand thedlstricu beyond the boundaries, is stated in the census for 1841, to be 13O,8ftU. Of these, 87,298 are mulct, and 43,558 females. There arc 4,477 landed proprietors, merchants, bankers nml pro fessional men ; 1,774 shopkeepers and retail dealers, 10,715 mechanics and artificers, 12.948 shepherds, fl.Rii domestic servants, others not classified 72,31 7. Of the Church of England there arc said to be 73,727: of the Catholic church, 35,690; Presbyterians, 13,163 ; Methodists, 3,236 j other dissenters, 1857; Jews, gfiti; Mahomcdans and 1'agans, 207. Of the male 3,707 are under two years old ; two and under seven, 6,(-33 ; seven and under fourteen, 0,306; fourteen and under twcniy onc, 6,045; twenty-one and under forty-five, 53,381 ; forty-five, and under forty-five, 63,381 ; forty-live and under siity, 7,212; sixty and upwardB 1,884. Of the females, there arc, under two, 3.967 i two and under seven, 6,581 ; seven and under fourteen, 5,804 ; four teen and under twenty-one, 4,882; twemy-onc and un der forty-five, 12,513; forty-nveand under silly, 2,175; sixty and upwards, 579. Of the males, I B,W-2 are mar ried, and 66,31)6 single; of the females, 17,651 arc mar ried, and 86,007 single. Of the free males, there wero born in the colony 14,81); arrived free 30,»45 ,' other free males, 15,760. Of (he free females, 14,630 born in the colony; arrived free, 22,158; cither free females, 3,637. Of (he male prisoners, o,843 hold ticl.cUof leavc, 6,658 arc in government employment, and 1 1,343 In private assignment. Of the female prisioners, 316 hold tickets-of- lcayc, ))79 arc In government, and 1,83$ arc in private assignment. The number of houses is stated to bo 19,776, oi1 which 6,378 are of stone or brick, mid 10,401 of wood. Of these, 10321] arc finished, and 1,447 unfinished; 16,445 inhabited, and 331 unin habited. i'i:MFcnAtice Coffer. Kousrs. — There ate in-.i lioua's in St. John Street, which, undr r pretence ol vending tea unit coffee lo the u-inpc-ratc, are in -act llic ccndezvoiis of drunken Faiior9 itnd others, who there :arry on their riotous amusements to the c;real annoy incc of the neighbourhood. It was publicly staled in the Police Olllcu by the- keeper of one or iIicbc houses, :hat the temperance people 'never thought of support ing him,' and ns he I mi ml from experience that sailors ilways go where tlu-re was most noise, he hud drier. nined lo silence his neighbour's fiddle, by procuring a irum. What with the drum, the fiddle, the duueing, Lhe singing, the tea and thect^iv: a very agrecabjv resort s established, free from the intrusion of the police, whn mve no mure power over such a house, than they have Kvern private dwelling. Il is said lhal 'music li:ii;- ?barms lo &»o]hi; lhe savage breast;' we much ques. inn whi'lhi-r il hns power lo make a sailor prefer ten to trm\i\y. or give up ihe grog bottle tor the 6WCL-I5 ol uinmi.'iilc That sucli hJu°cs should be pcnuiiu-d. is nijiist to rhc (jJblican, who pays heavily fur his licence. u inch the- keepers of lluvi! cutlet houses are altogether IVt-f. Yt'e direct (he- nttc-ution of the police to Ihis subject, ihey will do well in lie more .iiudilul of the proceeding-i 3fiiicn- innocent followers of tho muss of intemperance. .Iapk Krreii — The c-xcrutioncrof Misters who isliy trade a cutler Ims performed Ihe disgusting duty of hang man with a tew exceptions for Ihe counties uf Gloucester Monmouth, Hereford, and Salop during the ia»uweiHy f.iur years. WhiUl waitine for the clothes nf Mistcts nn Tiiu-'sdny nltcrnuon after his execution he readily iinswen-d with disgusting levity any queuions put. He said the lirsl mini he ?'served' was at Hereford his name wiib Cadwallader n blacksmith, from 1-eominstcr, for killiii}; his wire. Since then he served Crulchey Wil Wednesday whi-re he was pretty sure of lour. He said lu- whs prevented from ciu-cuting the Irishman and ec vi-rnl ulhers uli-- snIH-icd in Shrewsbury, owing to being Kunlvil nt the same lime nl Gloucester which wns the lii'avk'M nf all Ms lu»i)s lie exhibited wiih pride a k-l u-r stained utth lohacco addressed lo ' M r. 'Jhomas Tiiylor, cutler, near the Hole in the Wall, llark-lani-, Sicitubriilge.' It hull Ikwii written by Mr. l-'ord the governor of '.luilm.iiuli jr.'ml and reqiiefted the .iltin dance uf Taylor for Ihe purpose of acccuting l-'tust. Williams ami' Jouos nud r. sovereign had been enclosed to defray his es.-enci-s, uith a caution against getting drunk on the nud. ' liul,' he added, ' there's nothing bi-ing done ilie folks are so miiet, and lhe Judges. in- gelling so very merciful.' He packed lhe convirt'i clothes in a bundle -, being asked if he meant to sell them he replied, ' Oh, no ; I always wear 'em. ' MiKisn.iiiAi. l.o ,M..i.-Wi:hiii the last lite months ministers have lus: mo less than live m.mu in the Ilous.. ol Commons, vii. -1. Curlow (county), whrre Colonel II. ISrUL-n was returned in Ihe reoui uf lhe late Mr. Vigor?; i. Wulsall, where Mr J. N. Gladslnno was elected iu the room of Mr. l-'lnch ; ». Cnnieriiury, where Uic Hon. 1-. (J. K. Smy he «os elected m\r l^-rd A. Coninabain ; 4. Momnuulhshire, where Mr. Octa vius Morgan wjs iiluim-il in the room or Mr. W. A. Willinms; and ft. Ntiiiiiigliam (cily). where the whig candidate has just been ilefealed. Thii loss of five makes a diftcrencc of icii votes on a diiision. 