FRIGHTFUL DEATH OF A REGICIDE. 11V w. n. AINBWOHTH, ESQ.. ' Tlie banquet ended, Sir Henry CcdingficlJ approached, nnd laid a parchment before the queen. * What it this sir ?* she demanded. ' The warrant Tor the burning or Edward TJn dcrhill. the miscreant who attempted your higlincst's life,' replied Bcdiiieficld. ' How I — tiurncd ! and 1 bad pardoned him,' exclaimed j Mary. ' He hat been delivered ovee by the ? council (o the ecclesiastical authorities, and ! tucli it the sentence pronounced against him,' returned the knight. Mary sighed, and at tached her lignaiurc to the scroll. 'The hour of cicculion, and the place?' demanded Bed iiiKficld. 'To-morroiv at midnight, on the; Toiver-grccn,' replied Mary. ??*??! [t was policy of the Koniish priesthood, at the commencement of Mary's reign, to win, by whatever means as ninny converts as puuiblc ti their church. With this view, Gardiner, by the queen's desire, offered a Tree pardon to Un Jerhill provided he would publicly adjure hit cnore, and embrace the Catholic faith. But the enthusiast rejected the offer with disdain. Worn doivn by «iflVring, crippled with torture, his spirit Mill burnt fiercely as ever. And the only answer that couitl be wrung from him by his tormentors was, that he lamented Ills desien bad Tailed, and rejoiced he should seal his faitli with his blood. JJonnor loll all patience, and cried, ' If my words do not Bfl'right tlicc, though vile, Iraitnv and pestilent heretic, yet sliall the fire to which I will deliver thec' Though he was pardoned by Mary, lie was clniracd as n heretic by Bonncr ; cianiined before tlie eccle siastical commissioner*; and adjudged to tlic flake. Tlic warrant for hii eiccution was signed, as above related, by the queen. The place unpointed as the scene of his last carthl) suffering iva» n square patch of ground, marked by a border of white Bint stones, then, and even now, totally destitute or herbage, In front or Saint Peter's Chapel on tlic Green, where the scaffold for those executed within the Toner Iran ordinarily erected, nnd where Anne llalcyn and Catherine Howard were beheaded. On this spot a strong stake was driven deeply into the giouoa, jmd nt tt little distance from it was piled a Urge slick of fijjuti. An iron ling was tied lo the centre of the slake, ami to the ring ivor nUur-lied a. broad iron givdtc, destined to encircle the body or the victim. As nig lit set in, a Imgc bund of halberdiers march ed into tlic greet), and stationed themselves round the tlnke. Long before this, soinbie groups Imd gathered together at various poinu, and eyed tlic proceedings in moody silence. As the bell ceased tolling the hour of midnight, n lugubrious procession »)owly issued from beiicutli the gloomy archway of the Ctmlhail-our Gait. Fml came four yeomen of the flu aid walking; two and two, and bearing banners or black sill,, duulaj'ing large while crosses. Then twclvi deacons in tlie suuie artier, in roles or black *i,V and flat ca}*, citeh carrying a long; lighted ivai tJ|)cr. Tlicn u pilot's aitihtunl, in a tvliiic surplice, with a red crots in (Y™t, linrclicadr.il, and swinging u large bell heavily to nnd fro. Then two joung |irio»!s, liltcuite baie-headcd, and in white surplices each holding b lighted taper in a mussivc silver candlestick. Then an old priest with tlie mitre. Then two chantry pricsts in their roues singing I he Miserere Then four Carmelite monks, eneh willi a large rnsary hanging Trum his ivrikt, supporting j rielily (jilt sijuarc canopy, ilccnratcd Kt each .inner with a sculptured crou, beneath whii-h walked Ilonnor, in liis scarlet chimeic and 'laic rocket. Then fame Fcckciiliam ana other pre lates, followed by two more chanliy-piiesis singing llic same doleful dvmn ns tlair nrede ccssoiv Then emnc u long train ol' liulbcrdicrt. Then the prisoner, clot lied in sackcUh anil Imre-Cootcil, ivalliing let ive.cn friars ottlie lou-lv order of Saint Fin mi-, who besought him, in piteous tones to repent ere it nns tou late. And lastly, llic rear was brought up by a company cf iirchm of the queen's bodyguard. A* toon at the procession Dud formed in tlic order it ar rived round the place or execution, tlie rimanev was brought forward by the two friars, who fm the last time earnestly eilioitcil him lo reennt, and save his soul ali -c. But he pushed llicni from him, snjhg, ' OX hence ye jiopisli irolrc: : I will have none or your detestable doctrine). Cct hence, I say, and trouble me no more' When tlic t'riu« diew back, lie would have ad dressed ihe assemblage, but a halberdier, by Bonnor'i command, thrust a pike into his moutii and silenced him. A wild and uncouth figure, with strong but clumsily formed limb-, roaree repulsive features, lighted up by a sumpc smile, now stepped forward. lie was attired in a jerkin and hose of Uiviiy leather. Hit arn:« and chest -rcrc bare, and covered with a thick pile of red hair. Hit ragged |0C|(E au(i beard, of the same disgusting colour, udded to his hi deous and revolting appearance. He \v»- armed tritb a lung iron pitchfork, and had a Itirgc hammer and a pair of pincers stuck in liis girdle. Behind him came Mauser and Nightgall. A deep and unTuI silence now pre vailed throughout the concourse. Not a. breath -i'as drawn, and eicry eycivat bent upon the victim. He was seized and stripped by Mnugcr nnd Wolfylt, the hitter of ivimm dragged him to tlic stukc, itliich the poor zcbIoI reverently kissed as he reached it, placed (ho iron girdle round his u'ni&t;, and rivet tori it :» the pust. In this position, L'l.dcrhill cried with a loud loicc, 'Cod preserve Qnccn Jauc '. and speedily restore her to the lluuiic, thai bhe ma; deliver this unhappy realm from the popish idoliitcrs ulio ivould utterly subvert it.' Several voices cried ' Amen !' mid Wolfvtl, who tvai nailing tl.c girdle at the tine, cuiiiiiianiUd him to keep silence, and enforced llic order b) striking him a severe bloiv on tlic Icinplis w 111 the hammer. ' Y-iu m^lit have spared tue lhat, friend,' observed Uiutcili.il, meekly. AnJ he then added, in u lower lone, » Have mercy u|.on me, U Lord, for I am weak '. O Lnrd lleul me, for nil my bones arc veicd '.' While the fagnU iiere heaped mound him by Maugerand Night fall, he continued to pray fervcolly : and when all iva« made icady, lie cried, ' Deal I'ulhcr. I beseech Ihcc to ^ivc once more to this realm tlic blessing of thy ivoiil, with godly ricacr. I'utjjc and cuiiry me by tin's fire iii fliricl'i dcHth and passion tliruugh lliy spirit, '-hut I may be an acccptnblc burnt-oflcring in thy sight. Farewell, dear rrii-iidi, piny fur me, and pray with me.1 As lie spoke, Nigh' gall seized a torch and applied it lolhe fagois. Hi. ci&mple; was imitated by Mauger and Wolfyll, and the pile uos speedily kindled. Tlie diy wood crackled, and the smoke rose in thick volumes. The dames then burst forth, and burning fust and fiercely, cast a lurid light upin (he countenances of the spectators, upon the windows of Saint Peter's Cliupel, and upon the Rriy wulls or tbe While Tower. As yet, the fire hid not reached the victim; the tvind blowing tlrtiiigly from tlie ivcst.cnrn'cd it aside. But in a Ten- seconds it gained sufficient ascen dancy, and his sufferings commenced. For a sliorl space he endured them without a groan, but as the names mounted, nut withstand ing a1.', his efforts, the tliarnnesr of the torments over came him. Placing his hands behind his neck, he made desperate attempts to draw lu'insclf further up the slake, out or the reach of tlic devouring clement. But the iron girdle effec tually restrained him. fie tlieo lost all com mand of liiui'clf, nnd his eyes starling from their sockets— his convulsed feature?— Ins er ected hair, and writhing frame — proclaimed tlie extremity of his agony. He sought relief liy adding lo liis on-n torture. Crossing Sis luiub upon his breast, and grasping either shoulder, he plunged his nails deeply into the fle.li. It was a horrible sight, and a shuddering groan burst from the assemblage. Fresh fsgots were added by Night^ll end his companions, who moved around llic pylc like lien Is engaged in sonic impious rite. The Dames again nroie brightly and fiercely. By this time the lower limbs were entirely comsumed ; and throwing back his head, and uttering a loud and lamen table yell, which was heard all over the roitrea, (he wretched victim gave up the ghost.' 