J.DJES THE SECOND'S REASONS FOR BECOMING A CA7'IIOLIC. -o King James's attachment to the Catholic Faith cost hint the crown of England, and produced the Revolution of 1688. In the " Pepys Correspon dence," just published, there is a remarkable letter from James to his daughter, the Princess of Orange, stating his reasons for being converted and adhering to the Catholic faith. It is dated WVhitehall, Nov., 1687, and is as follows: "'Monsieur d'Abbevillu having told me you were desirousi.to know the chief motives of my conversion, [ have sent you as many particulars as my leisure will. permit. I must first tell you, I was bred a strict church of England man by Dr. Stuart, to whom the king, my father, gave particular in structions to do so; and I was so zealous that way 'that, when the queen, my mother, designed to bring Sup my brotiter, the Duke of Gloucester, a Catholic, I, preserving still tile respect due to her, did my part to keep him'steady to his first principles, and, as young people often do, I made it a point of honour to stick to what we had been educated in, without examining whether we were right or wrong. Thus I did then, which shows how I stood aflfected in point of religion; and I can say that, in all the time I was beyond sea, no Catholics said any thing to me to persuade me to-change my religion, and so I continued for the most part I was abroad. without troubling myself about those concerns. The first thought that- came into my head of any thing of that kind, which moved me to a nmore serious consideration, was the great devotion I found among so many of the Catholics, of oil sorts, whenever I had been among them; the greathItelps they had towards it; and thlat I found, every day, some one or other of tay acquaintance, of that persuasion, leave off their loose way of living, and live as good christians ought to do; though many of these continued still in the world.'i. When I found this, I observed their decent way of'seorving-God, their churches being so well adorned and the great charities they did, it made me begin to have a better opinion of their religion, and moved me to enquire more narrowly into it: and then I soon found that both they and their religion had been very much misrepresented, which made me begin to compare them and the Reformed churches together. When I had done this, I considered the reasons which were given by the several Reformers for their separation, and more particularly by the church of England men. I read over again tite histories of those reigns in which it happened written in the ' Chronicles. I perused very carefully the ' History of the iteformation',' written by Dr. leylin, and the preface of Hooker'si'Ecclesiastical Polity', Which having done, I discoursed with men of that 'yersuasion (I mean of the church of England) upon the same subject, and foutid no satisfactory reasons for 'what they had done.' I then begun to enqiuire into the reasons given by the Catholics for the infallibility of their church, which, I found, could not' be denied them without shaking the very fundamentals of chbistianity; and, being once satis. Aed on 'that point, all the rest falli in,,of course I.et any ingenuous person, without being prepos sessed, read what our Saviour said to St. Peter, by qame (Matthew, xvi. chapter, verses 11 and 19), and to his apostles in general. and it will manifestly appear that he left an infallible church, against which the gates of hell shall not prevail. Pursuing this point, 1 concluded, that the apostles and the whole congregation of the faithful assembled at Jeru salem were all must manifestly of that opinion, otherwise they would not have used that phrase (Acts xv., verse 28), " for it seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us," in the decree they made at that meeting. Next, I enquired what authority there was even for the Scripture itself, and found upon examination that it was declared canonical by the church, some books offered being laid aside as not so, and only those allowed which were approved by the same. Now, none can be tlhought to be such proper interpreters of Scripture as those who declared the certainty of it. Besides, whether it is not likelier, reasonably speaking, that the church which has a constant succession from the apostles' time to this day should be in the right, or private men, who, upon pretence of reformation, had broached new opinions, and had their heads fuller of temporal than spiritual concerns, as Luther, Calvin, and the Reformers here in England? It would be too long for this paper to make this out, though it were easy to do it, and it would satisfy any ingenuous person, that what they did was not inspired into them by the holy Ghost; for, instead of endeavouring to reform manners and to increase devotion, they did quite the contrary, by opening a way to liberty, indulging to men's appetites, lessening the reverence which is due to God in the manner of his worship, and letting christianity loose, I may say, by encouraging every one to believe he is a competent judge of the Scriptures, and, con sequently, may interpret it according to his own fancy. 'Tis this that hath very much shaken the foundations of christianity, and Iath let in so many sects and dangerous opinions, and hath made Socinians and Latitudinarians increase so much among us here in England. Christianity, at first, gained credit by miracles and the powerful preaching of the apostles. The blood of the martyrs, the seed of tIhe church, rendered her most fruitful and glorious, by the example of christian fortitude. Lastly, an humble submission hath preserved it ever since, for, without submission, a man cannot be so much as a christian. It was that consideration which chiefly made me embrace the communion of the church of Rome, there being none that do or can pretend to infallibility but se ; for there must be an infallible church, or else what our Saviour said is not so, and the gates of hell must prevail. The practice of the church of England confirmed me in thits belief, having acted, ever since the Reforma lion, as if they believed themselves infallible, though they will not own it. Otherwise, why have they been so severe against all dissenters from her ever since the beginning of the Reformation, which, from time to time, have been more severely put in exe cution than is generally known, and as well against Protestant as against Popish dissenters? Now, I would willingly know how the church of England can find fault with those who have fallen from her, when she herself showed them the way by quisting the communion of the Catholic church, of which she herself was a member, having no more right to do it than any one county of England to separate itself from the rest, and govern itself by laws different from those established over the whole kingdom. To say more on this subject would exceed the bounds of a letter; and if, to what I have here set down, the king, my brother's, and the late duchess's be added, I think it is sufficient, if not to convince an unbiassed judgment, at least to create a malore favourable opinion of the Catholic cause. A true copy of my letter to my daughter, the Princess of Orange, 1687. "J. R." 