We thought we had said quite enough, last week, in the way of introduction ; but until our OMNIBUS gets into its regular and settled track, we fear we shall be forced to give, every week, for some time, at least, a little more, in explanation, or apology, for our youthful errors, or to set forth our intended improvements, but we shall cut our weekly preface rather short, in the first place, not to tire our readers, and, in the next, because we hate explaining and apologising, almost as much as we do giving offence, though when necessary, we would be as anxious to offer the former as we have ever been to avoid the latter. It is well known, that some parties began to give unfavourable opinions of the OMNIBUS long before it came out, and took great pains to to spread them, and prevent the public from subscribing to, or reading it. No mail coach was ever waited for, by coward bushranger, in ambush, with more anxious longing to attack it, than our poor buss. When our advertisements appeared last week, headed with the first line of a glee, "Hark I hear the. sound of Coaches!" in the Beggar's Opera, the only opera suited to the times, and more particularly to our works, a whole chorus of these gentry opened upon us, with a continuation of our glee, singing out most lustily, the next line, ' the hour of attack ap- proaches,' "To arms ! my brave boys," Jack Brag swore we were mad, and that he could prove it on oath, and a very great oath he swore, by the powers — Jack always swears by the powers— that be. It was Garry Owen to an Oyster Shell, that we should be upset and our neck broken before next Satire day. Another, a roaring boy was directed to, insinuate that we were more rogue than fool and did insinuate accordingly, that the Omnibus was brought out merely to raise the wind, and would disappear like KENTISH HOPS the moment \---------------------------------------------------------------- " Deterre nefas, " ----------------------- \-------------------------------------------------------------------- SATURDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 9, 1841. [PRICE SIX-PENCE.] the Austral breeze should reach a certain height —as he knew from undoubted authority, that our hops would prove false steps, and unless some- thing were done to support us— we should be left , with empty pockets — or empty the pockets of our friends, and hop off. To this kind insinuation it was added by a Canny Mac-something — that these were not times te advance six and threepence, to a puir body whose life was na worth a week's pur- chase for to his certain knowledge, we had had two fits of Apoplexy since Sir Geordy arrived in the Colony, that our bluid rushed upon our brain, on the slightest excitement-— and he kenned three or four of a hand that were lying in wait, to ass-assinate us— and one that had promised to break our neck if we offend him — with our dog latin. — But it so happened that on the very day these insinuations and cautious hints , were promulgated by the Macs and their toad- eaters, subscriptions came pouring in on all sides, not, of six and three-pence only ; but for a whole year, accompanied by what was still more gratifying to us, wishes for our long life, and success to our undertaking, to promote which, the parties were willing, not only to risk, but to sacrfice twice the amount,— what think you of that most potent, grave, and reverend signor. Next came a party to find fault with our head, which made its appearance ia the world rather prematurely, and It was greatly censured for its bald and blank appearance, and for want of tastte in the Cut of it—this party was a very numerous, one, for it included all .he wooden heads in the town enflamed with the animosity of rivalry, against our wood cut they recommended us to cut our stick as soon as possible — to this we had nothing to reply and only grasped our shillelagh with the instinct of honest nature— and prepared to strike blow for blow with the wooden heads, giving them all the advantage of number; and material, whenever we should be compelled to the encounter. Next comes a very formidable party— all the wooden legs in Sydney were up in arms, to pitch into us, right and left, because our cad is lame — can we help it ? he is certainly lame in the near hind leg, but, if we should lame him in the off leg instead, would that gratify his judicious friends and supporters. If we had Lord Nelson, for a. Cad, instead of the Poor Boomer of the Queen's Wharf, we must paint him with one arm, and we are sure his ghost would not be angry with us —but what kind of a heart must the man have, who has no feeling any where, but in his wooden leg ? One would think these Objectors had seen a Cloven foot, at the end of our wooden peg, and were actually looking out for our cad's horns,— or our own long tail. At all events they would endeavor to make the world believe, that our in nocent little devil of a printer is a real genuine imp— and that we would back our Omnibus in Cad and all, like old Joe Miller's Jarvie, to a certain very warm place which we should have some difficulty to keep out of. In short, we can scarce hope to ' stir a peg,' as the Governor to the Council, without getting into a scrum with somebody— about something. A more reg- ular sort of attack upon us by one of the organs of this party in a contemporary print, a great pet of the Macs, and the Magna Caliendra in the colony, who, inveighing against personally calls us Colonel Wilson, and speaks of an I---nity of Captain Innes, and then threatens us with the ven- geance of one Ali Cujus— whom we may find too strong for us. A fig for Ali Cujus, were he as strong as Dalle Case the Veronese, who is himself as strong as any " Two gentlemen of Verona " ever saw, before, we value him not— we win back one of his own family, our friend All Quis — against him, and though he should hand us over by an Ukase, or the authority of a Hatti Sheriff to Ali Quod, we would still snap our fingers at him and our Omnibus would go along. When our friend going on with our glee sung out 'see the ball I hold,' we hardly knew what he was at, and thought he was drunk, and meant his nobler, until he came to asses, which gave us the cue to ' our fire their fire surpasses,' when lie struck up ' and turns all our lead to gold,' a good exchange of which we give him joy. To make matters short we will give the state of parties with regard to their feeling for, or against the Omnibus, and the Spectator, so that our readers may be able to guess how it will go--- First, we have against it and most hostile — all our, particular friends — these are most indus- trious in finding fault with us, because they have to look for some excuse — for themselves. Next comes the Court and Aristocracy, and all courtiers who would be supposed to be in favour with the Court, or acquainted with, or allowed to bow to a Big Wig. All members of the Committee of the Whipped Club, and all subscribers to the Whip. All the Canadians on account of our allusion to blue noses. All ladies whatsoever; who have rum noses and complain that we have been guilty of a scurvy trick in speaking of them, at all, though it only shows how we love 'em, since we can't speak to 'm, we will go on speaking of 'em — in this, we labour under the greatest disadvantage. Were it not for this we should care but little for what man could do against us. All blue coat boys or loaf and fishermen— Treasury Whipsters. Not being regular readers of the Herald, we did not see its notice of our Omnibus for a day or two, or we should, as in duty bound, have booked a place for it earlier. — Our jokes are 'awkward jokes' says our contemporary, and we thought so ourselves, to many persons— particularly to those who cannot understand- them. We have no penny a liner like our respectable critic to supply us, with wonderful births, and other lusus naturae, but on soundly rating our condenser of domestic pars, he had the, impudence to tell us that the offensive article was a condensation of two from the Herald and that it was only his awkward manner of joining them, that our fat friend could have found fault with, as he is undoubtedly a judge of that part of our business. We have given him strict orders never to introduce into the Omnibus a domestic without giving his authority, nor to con- dense what is sufficiently thick without going through our press. We have to assure our very tasteful and delicate critic that all future little pigs coming into the world by the Omnihns shall ; - be ready dressed for dinner, and that our little reres de lait shall not be piggy-wiggies but biggy wiggies, which we hope will.be satisfactory if that be not sufficient, we will have them all born with silver spoons in their mouths, and make a present of the whole two dozen to the fortunate youth who was lucky enough to come into the world with that appendage himself— we hope it will prove an acceptable addition to his stock of plate. The Gazette is very severe upon us to, in a communicated critique, accusing us of bawdry among other things, to which we plead not guilty. Some advice from the prince of poets— or perhaps from King Richard, for we never take a fools or a boys advice, and we had not time to read it, but we recommend the young gentleman to read the bible and profit by taking notice of the fate of the boys that re- viled the old bald head— here we must have done for the, present, and say good bye till nex week. 