IIMI'IH 111 iimiiii i ii 1 1 . uitoM«Hj»afcYih<n dithwHTHF 3£ngltsfj Extracts. THE PAST AND THE PRESENT. i from the morning herald. At least the first day of 1841 shows a brighter aspect than that of 1840. The present year, unlike the last, does not open with social and political treason — the sha- dow of the gibbet does not darken the be ginning of a ucAV twelvemonth. Last New Year's Day, the terrible effects of Chartism —that blind, reckless monster, begot o! ignorance and craft — were arrayed at Mon mouth, were beating at the nation's heart ; the whole country hung in suspense upon the trials of men, who, in the advocacy and wild practice of principles, fatal as death to the dignity of all human society, threatened the subversion of social order — seeking, in anarchy itself, a relief and remedy for every real and imaginary wrong. They would have watered their tree of liberty with hu man blood, and gathered their harvest from destruction. The mere brute power of man was arrayed against the moral majesty of society — the many-handed beast was up aud clutching for his prey. Well, the peril was encountered — was withstood— and the leaders, the chief sons of mischief, were ar raigned at the Monmouth bar. The Attor ney-General pleads for judgment, and the hangman anlicipative of " the last scene of all," prepares the gallows-tree. Happily for the great cause of humanity, no blood is shed ; and the Chartist Frost and his co-mates, the miserable experimentalists on human ignorance — the madmen who would have sent forth their thousands with sword and torch throughout the land, are borne to banishment, to hopeless slavery. The heart x <>f the country is relieved — the nation breathes more freely — minister congratulates minister — home policy looks round with a lofty and self-complacent air, for Chartism is crushed — is dead. Is it so ? Rather, is not the monster for a while torpid, waiting only another Frost, another patriot Wil liams to arouse and arm it ? — again to array- it, a creature of rapine and brute wrong ? And if this.be so, whose the fault? Whose the sin— the great social wickedness ? Have .we not, within these lew days, dis played a melancholy proof of the ignorance, nay, of the iniquity of men, who seek in the felon's dock for the best defence of so ciety—who consider the hangman to be the great moral teacher — of men, who place place their faith in ball-cartridge and bayo nets, and look upon her Majesty's red coats as the best bulwarks of social life f Their creed is — we have shown a recent instance of its mingled crime and folly — "cut down, shoot, gibbet Chartism." Wei cry — "correct it." Teach men that they are something more than blood and bone and sinew; consider them not as beasts of burden, but make them feel the true value, the just dignity of labour. En dow them with self-respect, by inculcating within them the everlasting truths of Chris tianity ; compel them, by self-examination, to know the great end and purpose of their being ; and such knowledge, be sure of it, will be fruitful of a contented and a peace ful spirit. In what condition are the men who, last year, were to form the legions of robbery and mischief, under the guiding genius of Frost and Williams P Are they one whit better— one pace more removed from the cloud of ignorance that darkened them P And what is the conduct of their masters— of the men; with these elements of mischief lying thick arouud them, wait ing but for a flash, a spark to awaken them, with the might and crash of thunder ? The masters are content that the latent mischief should remain 4 untaught, unwarned by past peril, it suffices to them that human nature is made the serf, the bondman oi la bour; a creature fashioned and ordered to beat iron and sweat at the furnace, unin formed by a single thought — by one solitary precept to preserve from its coarsest im pulses— to teach it the benevolent relations of man to man— to awaken in its savage breast " the founts that sympathetic flow" to kindness, and a just appreciation of the moral and religious wants of our fellow- creatures. No ; these masters, these lords of wealth, refuse to aid in the mission that would send a ministering spirit amo g the hills of Wales — a spirit that even in the mine and at the foundry, would disarm brute violence of its gloom and wrath, and elevate toil itself with the Christian virtues of meekness and content. In Wales, the very den ot Chartism— the very cave of social revolution, there is no want; it is not hunger, not raggedness raging with famine, that would seize the pike and apply the torch ; but ignorance, brutal, self-in dulging, self- debasing ignorance. All the mining population are sealed with this moral leprosy ; but what care the masters ? Man, though made in God's image-, is to them merely a machine of labour— an en gine, with eyes to see and hands to toil. It is true, that 1841 ©pens with no Chartist trials. The hoofs of cavalry disturb not the streets of Monmouth — no special com mission is arrayed in its court — the hang man is abseut, and all (for the present) ; " quiet among the hills.' But there- ITore, is Chartism extinct ? If Frost and Williams toil in the chain-gang, is Char tism hound in manacles of adamant ? Is the giant mischief "shorn for aye of its strength; or, will it not grow again, and ithen blindly seek to pull the social fabric in 'ruins about it ? Again and again we say, convert Chartists. Take into its strong- Iholds the weapons of truth, and trust not for ! final victory to bayonets. How dawns 1841 upon the English pauper — upon the poor, the helpless por tion of the great family of man ? Will the humanity of its rulers and alms-givers take ;a lesson from the past ? Will poverty, to the looks of those who " feed in the sun shine," slough any of its infamy — will the Lazarus of our social state be less repulsive in the eyes of political philanthropy— will it be less noisome to the delicate nostril of Authoritative benevolence ? If we tuin to /the chronology of the past year, we see it stained with pauper's blood — blotted by \ pauper's tears : we see want outraged in its last asylum. Ghosts from the Unions pass before us-and then mark the army of guardians, sleek as panthers in their sense of authority, coldly benign ant, fro- zenly charitable ! Will IS il be fruitful of good to the English poor ? W e think it, nay we are sure of it. The heart of the nation smitten as it is by the cries of thou sands, must yearn, must respond to the appeal. It is impossible for any set of system-mongers — who look upon the sym pathies of human nature with no more kindness than they would consider the mechanism of a barrel-organ, thinking themselves to be arrauged aud played up on by any State grinder — it is impossible that the philosophers of pounds, shillings, and pence, the philanthropists of arithme tic, can successfully oppose tho indignant and deafening cry of the county for justice to the poor. The wail of the pauper would of itself be ineffectual, but the voice of the nation will speak in thunder, and must prevail. Yes ; it is our deep faith that in 1S41 poverty will, in the thoughts of its despisers, be a little more cleansed than iu 1840 from the taint of all but felony. Will war, brutaiising war, darken the history of the present year ? With a veneration for the best and holiest rights of our common nature, wq, fervently pray against it ; with a horror, a loathing of its horrors and its iniquities, we beg that it may pass from us; with a hope in the wisdom, in tho humanity of our civilised fellow-creatures, we cry for peace — a long — a lasting peace. But if the selfishness, the bloody intrigues of knaves and cox combs will have the impiety of war — will desecrate the sacred cause of human na ture with rapine and carnage— why then, may England once more spring like a lion from his lair, and the God of Hosts bo with us ! 