Original Correspondence. THE GHOST QUESTION. (The Rev. T. Atkins's speech continued.) I will endeavour to express in a syllogistical form the force of the preceding argument. The moral and religious character which the human race sus- tained during the two thousand years that preceded the Christian era was such as to induce the all-wise God to favour them with supernatural appearances; the moral and religious character of a large majority of the human race has been, during the last eighteen centuries, essentially the same; it is therefore pro- bable that the all-wise God has continued to favour them with supernatural appearances. The last reason which I assigned to show that the continuance of supernatural appearances is probable is "because three- fourths of the human race are still destitute of the scriptures, of truth, and unacquainted with the nature of true religion." The argument may be expressed in the following manner:--To persons possessing a part only of a written revelation, and imperfectly acquainted with the nature of religion, God has been pleased to favour with the visits of supernatural beings; an immense number of such persons are now entirely destitute of a written reve- lation, and utterly ignorant of the nature of true religion; it is, therefore, highly probable that now such persons are favoured with supernatural visits. The last argument stated by me in favour of super- natural appearances, is the testimony of experience. It was affirmed that this testimony has been given during every period of human history, and in every part of our globe. It is contained in the traditions of every barbarous tribe, and in the authentic his- tories of every civilised nation. This testimony has been given by persons of every variety of religious belief and peculiar conformation of mind. Such was the substance of my argument in support of the reality of supernatural appearances. And now I ask how that argument was treaded by Mr. Rennie? Did he discover that the whole line of argumentation, or any particular parts of it, were unsound, or that the reasoning contained in it was inconclusive? Did he point out any premises unlawfully assumed; or detail any illegitimate conclusions? Mr. Rennie made none of these discoveries. The argument remains entirely unaffected by his lawless attacks. What mighty achievements, then, has he performed? In the first place, Mr. Rennie has misrepresented my language. This misrepresentation is contained in the following expressions:--"Mr. Atkins went even so far as to say that, amongst heathen nations now, this is the means by which God supplies to them the want of revelation." This, however, is not the language of Mr. Atkins, but Mr. Rennie's perversion of it. Having asserted that three-fourths of the human race are still destitute of the scriptures of truth, I proceeded:--"Among this large number of responsible and immortal beings it is reasonable to believe that supernatural agencies have, in some mea- sure, supplied the place of a written revelation. Their presence teaches, at least by influence, the spirituality of the divine nature, and the existence of a future state." Again, Mr. Rennie said, "he could not let pass the very grave and monstrous errors of Mr. Slatterie, Mr. Rae, the Rev. Mr. Atkins, and Mr. Fletcher; errors which, he was certain, struck at the very root of sound morality and religion, without denouncing them as such, and lifting up his voice against them. The gravest of these errors, more or less adopted by all the above speakers, bears that apparitions are sent to give forewarnings of danger, to discover murders, and the like; and, if so, it is fair logic to conclude that they are the means made use of by Divine Providence for such purposes." You have heard the imposing lan- guage of Mr. Rennie, now hear my simple and harmless statements:--"Supernatural agencies may prevent the commission of crime, and perhaps exert an influence in bringing the perpetrators of crime to condign punishment." The preceding extracts are sufficient to establish against Mr. Rennie the charge of misrepresentation. With your permission, I will proceed to notice the daring assumptions of Mr. Rennie. He has assumed, but without the sem- blance of proof, that the doctrine of supernatural agency is pregnant with errors, grave and monstrous, and which strike at the very root of sound morality and religion. It might not be uninteresting to be informed what Mr. Rennie calls the root of morality and religion. In his estimation of orthodox Chris- tians the revealed will of God is the only foundation of morals and religion, and that revelation is con- tained in the scriptures designated the Old and New Testament, in which the doctrine of supernatural agency is clearly revealed, and the appearance of supernatural beings is variously related. By this time, therefore, you will be able to appreciate Mr. Rennie's assumptions. Hear, now, one of his un- warrantable conclusions:--"It clearly follows that the moral government of Providence is conducted by apparitional agency." The phrase apparitional agency was not used by me, nor did it follow from any reasoning of mine that the government of God is conducted by any particular agency. He is the Lord of Hosts, and all the agencies in the universe are under his control, and subservient to his pur- poses; and therefore the following language--"a more immoral, a more irreligious, a more monstrous, a more absurd and ill-founded doctrine could not be conceived"--though truly ridiculous, was admirably adapted to excite the fears of the timid, and to mis- lead the unreflecting. Already I have alluded to the report given in the Herald, and now, ladies and gentlemen, I beg more particularly to direct your attention to this subject. To that report I unhesi- tatingly apply the epithets of partial, unfair, and unjust. The report was evidently prepared either by Mr. Rennie himself, or by a person subservient to his interest. These assertions I make on high authority, which I designate external evidence, in support of the charge; there is, however, also in- ternal evidence of the fact, as nearly half a column is devoted to Mr. Rennie's declamatory and libellous harangue, while the replies of Messrs. Slatterie and Fletcher are contained within twelve lines. Mr. Rennie, indeed, occupies nearly three times the quantity of space appropriated to Messrs. Rae, Slatterie, and Fletcher. In this unfaithful report Mr. Rennie is exhibited as the hero of the debate; prostrating his opponents, if not with a jawbone of an ass, with the thunder of his denunciations; but, unless I have been misinformed, he resembled a harlequin rather than a hero, and was made to ap- pear, by the speakers who followed him, in a very ridiculous aspect. The last effusion, therefore, of Mr. Rennie is characterised by such legerdermain and quackery as are unworthy of a person claiming the character of a gentleman, making the lowest pre- tensions to literary distinction, expressing the faintest desire for the discovery of truth and the diffusion of knowledge, and especially professing ardent zeal for the honor of morality and religion. Mr. Rennie, indeed, seems to have been so much occupied in his field and garden studies, in his walking and riding studies, in his morning and evening studies, in his moonlight and starlight studies, in his abstruse and easy studies, and in his waking and dreaming studies, that no leisure time has been afforded him to study the character of his own pretensions, and, therefore, he has failed to make the important discovery that his extravagant professions have not produced implicit belief. In fine, in the character of Mr. Rennie the peculiarities of Proteus are embodied. Sometimes his oracular responses are uttered in his character as a medical man, at others as a naturalist; at one time he personates the philosopher, at another the divine. But here I must stop. Leaving, therefore, Mr. Rennie, I beg permission, before I conclude, to expose the fallacies which pervade the reasoning of the speakers who advocated the negative side of the question. One reason assigned for disbelieving supernatural ap- pearances is, "that the belief of them is confined to barbarous tribes and nations in a low state of civilisation; but that, as nations advance in civi- lisation, and education exerts its legitimate influence, the reality of supernatural appearances is decried." But what force is there in this argument? View it in the form of a syllogism: whatever is contrary to the experience of a highly civilised and educated people is false; supernatural appearances are contrary to the experience of a highly civilised and educated people; therefore, supernatural appearances are false. In the preceding argument the fallacy lies in the premises, because many things which are contrary to the experience of a hlighly civilised and educated people are true; and therefore the reasoning is inconclusive. Another argument against the reality of supernatural appearances has been stated as fol- lows: "Many of the supernatural appearances are evidently the creations of fancy, and therefore all the supernatural appearances are the creations of fancy." This is jumping to a conclusion. The argument, if it deseres the name, proves too much. The fallacy will be more easily detected by viewing an argument of the same class. Much of the currency in circulation is base metal, and therefore all the currency in circulation is base metal. The invalidity of this argument is proved by experience. The last argument adduced against the reality of supernatural appearances is personal experience. The argument has been stated in the following form: "I have never witnessed a supernatural appearance, and therefore supernatural appearances are never made." The argument amounts to this: whatever is contrary to my personal experience is unworthy of my belief; supernatural appearances are contrary to my personal experience; therefore, supernatural appearances are unworthy of my belief. If, there- fore, you believe only what comes under your personal observation, your creed will be very short. Some, indeed, have gone so far as to declare that they would not believe the evidence of their senses. With such persons I should decline to argue, because the general fidelity of the senses is an axiom in morals. The evidence, therefore, in support of the reality of supernatural appearances amounts to demonstration. In no part of the argument has a fallacy been detected, and the whole process of the reasoning is conclusive; but fallacies have been detected in every argument against the reality of supernatural appearances, and the reasoning has been proved to be inconclusive. How, then, am I to account for your decision? Through the united influence of prejudice and shame, of false courage and scepticism. By this time, however, I hope reason has triumphed over passion; and, were an opportunity afforded, you would gladly reverse your vote. 