THE'EGYPTIAN VISION. DY JOlN STERLI|G. Spread below the glistening nlour.bean:s * Iay the desert bare and vast; O'er it moved a lleghty shaldow By nio earthly being cast. Toward those walls of Ptnlemnnls Caur de Lioi stormed of old, Silent passed the shade gigantic, As a shlape by seers foretold. 'Twas not Enplnnd's lion monarch, lie who wore the cross divine, But a greater far than Richard, Darkened now the white moonshine; Pale his large imperial forehead, Tetrrible anld sfair his face, Keen his eyes' unwavering glances, Slow the vision's gliding pace. Ansd amid the palmy desert, Higher lie than e'ein the palm. ELvrl the city'as midnlight ralnpalts With at glanite statue's calm. On thscie wralls the ltrhbn'd warder Ilenrdl it windly whisper sweep, ,Siowly tising mid tile salldwaste, Echoed o'er the billowy deep. IlIahtty bastions I once ye foll'd nme, iBroke mly fame's uncilnquer'd sword, Mle. wshom 1 [Alntnuals waslls withstood not, Alexandria owned as lord. 'Twsas the Briton's fated hanner Clirnteid syour towers against my sway, SA W my blr.vest thousands perish Saw my glory melt away. Nnw ye ramparts i I anm near youell, Sarengitlthenint ylor inviolate town, Now the flag oIf Enlandl hastens Iot to snave but smile you down. fl*. tho. timtne-e.ilt lRoa~t of Acre I Loftier now tihan e'enll efre; Thce thalt ouldst endure may onret, Ne'r must thou be collqured more. Morhine dawned-the sldntow vanished, And the voice had ceased to sounld; But a loudlr utterlance fotllowed, Crash on crash, and shook the ground. Frall a thoilastad mouithlcs of terror Ilolt on bolt is volleying fast, Anml above tile smoky darkness Engll'uPs banner crowns the mast. Slowly yields each solid bulwark 'tha that ron tempest's power; Till, ns roltn n. fnnlllng furnace, Leaps to heaveln the central tower. Death is Inw in Acre's chambers, Horror cramps each livlt,i heart, Ati the few survivcing warriors O'er lthe broken walls depart, Niclt again is on the desert, Al.ti nInin the mllightty ghost, Now with diaker fiercer glances lroods anlbove tlhe routed hutst. Fr. he fills where Elyvpt' rmills, Sprecd their monunds l lo ig tile Nile, W here the piyranlid of Phlinranohs Catnot hear the thunddering isle. Where the city of Ikandiler, Grelter noIne thanl even hIe, Lilstens ever to thie bnotoing Of the melanllcholy sea. There beneath the stars of mlidnlglht Stands the sad herlion ghost, Following with his gaze the billows, As they jourlney round tile coast. Andl he secIks toI track thlem onward, Till amid the Atl~antic roar. Steers with all her skils a vessel BIearing still his tiicolor. liI it sleep the mollderillng relies Who.se gret't lpirit mat ks theml now While lie sees that frigate's prowess WIith intct and 0 mournful ibrow. \- They who ln llille ier to'er tile lwa1ters, Listelling,. sturt they know not why; Can they hear the gluns of Acre 1 Or that shadow's tlreaitly sigh? Like the kings of Karnak's temples, Like Sescst?is' selt heI rrse: Now with thelll he rests illn darkness, Let him, War l at last repose. Still while Brirtain's tale is chanted, Till the stars of time grow dirm, l'Twill h bight amollng her Clories That sihe never quailed to him, 