THE LAUNGESTON COURIER. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15. ?i ? We 'l briefly noticed in our last that the Com mittee appointed to enquire into South Austra lian. affairs bad suggested an alteration in the system of disposing of Crown Lands in the Australian Colonies. We extract the following from tbeir report; it will be found to contain much practical information relative to the effects of the system now adopted :— 'It appears by the evidence which has been laid be. fore them, that in the first instance, land in sections of 135 acres, namely, 134 country acres and one town acre, (after an unsuccessful attempt to realize £1 an acre) was sold at the uniform price of 12s. ah acre ; that the pri ority of choice among the original purchasers was de termined by ballot; and that the fortunate individuals to whom chance assigned the advantage of an early selec tion, bad the power of immediately realizing considera ble sums byj.be sale of the fight they had thus acquired. 'The result, therefore, was, that while the sum accruing -to the land-fund from the sale was only that produced by the uniform price of 12s. an acre, the public bad ali enated a property which, before either capital or industry Md be^p.fipplied to it, was worth a very much larger gum to those who had drawn prices in the lottery which took place. Your Committee beg to point out the very different working of the mode of disposing of land which was adopted in the new settlement at Port Phillip. It is stated by Sir G. Gipps, in a despatch dated 10th December, 1839, that 84,208 acres of land had been then sold by auction in that settlement, since the time when it was first opened in, June, 1837. Of this -quantity, 117 acres within the town of Melbourne had been sold at nearly 2081. an acre; 2249 acres within' five miles of the town had -produced about 101. 9s. an acre; and the remainder upon an average, I5s. Id. an acre. Now. in this statement, what appears to your committee', 'chiefly i deserving of remark, is the very great difference shown to exist by free competition in the value of land -accor- ding to its situation ; and the advantage which accrued to the public from selling it, not at one uniform rate, but at prices varying in the same proportion. Excluding the actual site of the town, it appears that the land within five miles of Melbourne brought thirteen times the price of that at a greater distance, though doubtless not really dearer to the purchasers in proportion to the advantages it enjoyed; and that if both descriptions of land had been sold at the uniform price which those who obtained the more distant lots could afford to p&y;, the land around the town, instead of producing the large sum of 25.8001., would have only yielded about 1,9851. ; the loss to the public and the pain in some shape or other to the fortunate purchaser of this land being the difference between these two sums, or nearly 24,0001. In point of fact, the sacrifice would have been much greater, since even the price of 16s. Id., obtained for the land at the distance from the town, isonly an average price, and no doubt much of it must have been sold for the minimum price, at that time only 12s. an acre ; but when land is sold at .one uniform price, it is obvious that the excess of value of each lot of land beyond that of the worst lot of similar extent sold at the same time is what is lost to the public. The recent sale of land at the newly-formed settlement of Portland Bay has been attended with a similar result ; Sir Geo. Gipps, in a de spatch dated the 27th October last, which will be found in the annendix to this report, observes that this sale pro duced a sum of 1 ',2451. 10s. 5d. ; whereas had the land been sold at the uniform price of II. per acre, only 3371. would hnve been obtained. The evidence before your Committee sufficiently proves that the same necessary difference of vilue between different allotments of land existed in South Australia: it therefore appears to them that by_Jlie mode of sale which was adopted, the interest of the colony was needlessly sacrificed to a very great extent. One witness has indeed met this objection, by asserting that capitalists could not have been induced to invest in the purchase of land the sum necessary to found the colony, had they had not had the prospect of obtaining an advantage of this description. Youf Com mittee arc not prepared to question the necessity of al lowing the original purchasers the benefit of obtaining the land they bought on lower terms than later appli cants ; but they conceive that any such advantage con ceded to the original purchasers should have been en joyed by them all alike ; and that as even the first allot ments necessarily differed very greatly in real value, it would have been more advisable to have determined the priority of choice among them by fair competition than by ballot. A considerable sum might thus have been realized beyond the 12s, an acre ; and if that additional sum had either gone to encrease the emigration-fund or had been applied to the public buildings and roads, most urgently required in the first instance, the arrangement would, in the opinton of your committee, have proved highly beneficial to all parties. * * ? 'Jour Committee would strongly recommend, that in disposing of land, the principle of competition should be intro duced; by which means as it appears to them, the twofold and great advantage would be gained of placing purchasers of land as nearly as possible upon an equal footing, and of considerably increasing the amount of money received from this source and applicable to purposes of public utility. Your Committee are aware that it has been objected to the system of selling land by auction, as hitherto been practised in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land; that Us effect has been to e*pose settlers to great inconvenience, both from the delay to which they are compelled to submit in obtaining land after their arrival in the Colonies, and also from their liability to be deprived of the benefit of their trouble and expense in discovering eligible locations, by per sons who either bid against them or extort the money by threat of competition. Sir J. Franklin, in a des patch which has been laid before your Committee, expresses a strong opinion in favour of the. system of sale at a uni form price, and against that of public auction. It ap pears, however, to your Committee, that all the objec tions which have been urged apply rather to the mode in which land has hitherto been put up to sale in the older Australian Colonies, than to the principle of hav ing recourse to competition for the purpose of selling land having peculiar advantages either of soil or of si tuation at a price proportioned to its comparative value; and they believe that, by proper arrangements, the be. nefit of such competition might be secured to the pub lic without giving rise to the inconvenience which has been complained of as attaching to the system of sales by auction.' The report then proceeds to suggest a plan for the accomplishment of the above purposes. It recommends that none of the land offered for sale should be put up at less than a minimum price, but the Governor should have a discre tionary power of putting up at a higher price, or of reserving, any portions of land which it may appear to him expedient to except from the general rule. In the interval between the peiiodical sales, any land put up to auction, and remaining unsold, should be open for pur chase by the first applicant, at the same price at which it had previously been put up to pub lic competition. There should be on office constantly open to the public, in which should be deposited maps showing vhat sections of land were open for purchase, .and. jyjiere all persons desirous of purchasing should-Jiave the ri»ht, upon payment of the appointed price, of of at once receiving titles to such of these sec tions as they might select. The effect of this arrangement would be, that the public would have the benefit of the increased price which open competition would cause to be paid for lands of peculiar value, whilst the convenience of the settler would be consulted, as in respect of all lands of average value the practical work ing of the system would be precisely the same as that of selling land at one uniform price. The Colonial Gazette, in commenting upon the report, says, — ' The Committee expressly limit tbeir regard to the immediate colony submitted to their consideration1 ; but they do so in such a manner as to show that they intend their recommendations to apply to all the Australian Colonies. But the same reasoning will have a much more extensive applicability. If ill pastoral Australia it is desirable to impose a much higher price than £\ an acre, a similar enhancement of price must be much more needed in the richer soils of America or New Zealand, where the productive power of the land is greater in proportion to its extent. Once adroit the principle iu any one colony, that it is desirable for the I state to realize at once the marketable valuable of waste lands in whatever manner ascertained, and it is impos sible to refuse assent to the proposition that it would be desirable to realize a similar price throughout the empire. The consequence, would be, not only a vast accession. of wealth to the emigration funds of the empire,— an -ln- crease that mocks the power of calculation or -the fears' of those who doubt whether there arethemeans to carry out sudh measures of emigration as-would effectually relieve fhe country, but a much juster apportionment of population and territory, and a more potent state of the industrial and productive resources of the colonies, would at once be secured It is impossible to rise from a perusal of this Report without coming to the con clusion, long entertained by many, that the price of land in Australia is far too low; a conviction which has at last found its way into the highest quarters.' We cannot see that the proposed system differs materially from that now in operation, excepting upon one point, viz — the priviledge of purchasing land submitted to public auction, and remaining unsold, al any subsequent period, upon payment of the minimum price. Ifland be sold by auction, it matters little what re serve is placed upon it, for, as a general rule, and in the absence of combination, it will reach something near its value, the uniform price being merely nominal when it is tinder the value, and a' very effectual bar lo the purchase when it is above the value. We approve of the suggestions of the committee, because (here never can be any objection to the Government receiving a fair value for their land ; public competition is also by far the fairest and most business-like way of proceeding. Sir John Franklin, it will be seen, advocates the establish ment of an uniform price, and is opposed to ihe plan vof selling by public auction, but in this Colony sucli a system would be attended with the most injurious results. We have received by way of Port Phillip En glish intelligence of a few days later date than the last arrivals. We observe no news of in terest beyond an indisputable confirmatijn of the fact that in the new House of Parliament ministers will be considerably iu the minority. I At the Meeting of the Wesleyan Missionary , Society, on Monday, the Rev. Mr. Hurst startled the audience by reciting instances of the most unheard of brutality, and cruelly practised by the while population, in the vi cinity of Portland Bay, against the unfortu nate natives. The Rev. Gentleman slated that, ' it was usual for parlies to go out on the sabbath, for the ostensible purpose of kan garooing, but in reality to hunt and kill these miserable beings, — the bones and bodies of ihe sl.inghteerd blacks had been found ; but be cause the evidence of ihe native was not ad missible in a Court, the white murderers had escaped with impunity, and were still pursu ing tbeir career of crime and blood!' We should not be performing our duty were we to permit such statement to pas's without bringing it more conspicuously before the public eye, than by merely reporting it in the usual manner. Coming from such an authority, a restraint is at once imposed upon our incredulity, and we are bound to believe the truth of the as sertion, though the feelings of every Christian would naturally lead him to 'doubt the possi bility of such unparalled inhumanity. That in former limes, such cruelties were commonly perpetrated in the interior of New Holland, is a well established fact, but we had hoped lhatthe march ofphilanthrophy bad banished for ever from the Australian Colonies such horrible and odious crimes. The statement made by Mr. Hurst, calls loudly for an immediate in vestigation, at the hands of the Protector Gene ral ; if such barbarous and inhuman practices still prevail, it is without the sanction of Bri tish law, or British feeling, and although the guilty parties may possibly escape detection, and avoid the penalties which the law of man would otherwise inflict upon them, there is a higher tribunal before which, they will one day have to make their atonement. By all laws human, natural, and divine, the lives of the meanest and most ignorant savages, ought to be held as sacred as those of their more civilized fellow creatures; for all have an equal participation in the great end for which that life was given. Mr. Franks who received 'the appointment of Police Magistrate at Both well has (we under stand at his own request) been removed to Avoca, and Mr. Stuart, who was appointed to succeed Mr. Franks, has obtained tlie situation at Bothwell. Captain Gardiner,, late Police Magistrate of Avoca, succeeds Mr. Stuart in the office of Assistant Superintendent of Con victs in this town. These appointments are announced in the last Gazette. We have been favoured 'with a Circular is sued by the Directors of the celebrated Bri tish and Australasian Bank, giving an account of the proceedings, al a meeting convened for the purpose of winding up the affairs, prepara tory to its final dissolution. In furtherance of the resolutions passed at- this Meeting, Mr. F. Boucher had been called upon by a pre vious Committee, and had placed in the hands of Mr. Whilcomb, certain securities for the payment, within two years, of sucn uncovered amount as upon the making tip of the books, lie may De found to owe tliia Bank j ana hi consented to retire from his office of Mnniimn, Director of the Bank; to sign a notificalii to jtbat, effect,; uahd (if required), io his dissrijto. tion -of co-partnerships; and also to giJlki additional guaranteetbat maybe i^easbnaW^S iquired of him, for the cariyin^into^fifecj|j] or any of the resolutions, for the putoosV ^ collecting the debts and funds of the iBank paying off its liabilities, and winding up itsaf fairs. The following letter from Mr Boucher «£, read at the meeting, which we are happy to ^ fully exonerates our old and respected fe]|0R. Colonist, Mr. Whitcomb, from the imputation of having any connection with the disgraceful part of ihe proceedings which hurried this con cern into such an unfortunate notorielv. London, 2,7 Ih January, ]f)4| Deau Sib,— ' As it is. not improbable, that some of the Shareholders of the British and Australasian Bank may be under an impression,' that the difficulty in n hich (he concern has become involved, is in some degree aftribn table to Mr. Whitcomb, I deem ?. it but bare justice to state, most fully »nd unreservedly, that had 1 attended properly to his advice and .suggestions, and not disre garded his continual cautiojis and remonstrances against the incurring of any. risk whatever, and partiailnrlti against the negotiation of Bills upon the Colouies. beyonda limited amount ; not. only would all the difficulty, dis credit, and damage, that has been incurred, have 'been cntirelv avoided, but the Bank, would. )w thic -:— have been one of the most safe, profitable, and improving concerns in London. It is also due to Mr. Whitcoh^ that 1 should state, that he has attended most zealously diligently and efficiently, to the Bank's affairs; -that in , consequence of his exertions and arrangements, great benefits have resulted to the bank, and that, from tht commencement of the undertaking iip to ihe present time, it has never derived any payment or advantage of any land from it. I am, dear Sir, Your's truly, (Signed) FREDERIC BOUCHER. To William Gordon, Esq. We have received the usual abstract of the revenue, and its appropriation for the third quarter of the curient year. There is a de ficiency of nearly four thousand pounds upon the quarter as compared with the correspond ing quater of- 1841, occasioned principally by a falling off in the Customs, to the amount of more than £3,000. The total of revenue, ordinary and extraordinary is £37,106 13s. lOd, and the expenditure 35,L711.2s.4d. The land re venue produced about four thousand pounds, the charges upon which are set down at £1,441 19s. 2d., of this sum, only £579 8s. 8d. was appropriated to the legitimate purpose of emi gration. Bank op Aostralasia.— We have much pleasure in laying before pur readers the following extract from the Gazette, shewing the liabilities and assets o'f'tbe ' Bank of Australasia, up to the Ilfh October, J84I. It exhi bits a very satisfactory state of affairs. . ' Half-yearly average of the weekly liabilities and assets of the Bank of Australasia, within the Colony of Van Diemen's Land, from 12th April, to the 11th October, 1641, inclusive:— Liabilities. £ s. d. Notes in circulation not bearing interest 10,363 9 2 Bills iu circulation not bearing interest 4,268 3 3 Cash deposited bearing interest ? 76,709 0 6 Total liabilities within the Colony i'91,340 12 11 Assets. £ s. 6. Gold, silver, and other metals ? 29,665 19 6 Landed property ? „ ? 2,046 2 4 Debts due to the Bank, including notes, bills, &c; ? 295,333 14 1 Total assets within the Colony... £327,047 15 11 Supreme Coihit ? Longhurst v. Hudson ? In [bit case Mr. Stephen moved Sot a new trial on the grounds of excessive damages having been awarded in conse quence of the jury having weighed certain points, of the evidence which thev had no -business to consider in their verdict. It appeared that the plaintiff had been subjected to an illegal detention during the space of one hour, and on the strength of the apprehension had in stituted an action for an assault, which was the only point alleged in the declaration, but the jury, con sidering the fact of his illegal detention, had awarded ±'25 damages, which the learned council considered ex cessive, and obtained only in consequence of evidence brought forward on the trial, irrelevant to tbe case of assault. Mr. Justice Montague was of opinion that if it were proper to bring forward evidence on either side, it was also proper to bring the same to bear on both, guidiug the jury in their award of damages. ' * His Honor the Chief Justice taking the same view of the matter, the rule was refused ? ? Hobart Town Ad vatiser. ?..-.?, Forgeries — There are a 'great, many forged Bank Notes passing alaotit town.- --We recommend the trades people to be wary, for the notes are so well executed, that one of the Local Banks gave change for a forged ±#5 note last week. —Ibid. ; \ .'P KiT Beef.— Some beautiful stall-fed beast, fed by. Mr. Whitehead, have recently been brought to town, and bought by Mr Boyce ; it is some of the finest beef we have ever seen in this town, superior in the opinion of many to the celebrated prize beef exhibited at our Agricultural shows. . Oat lands. —A meeting has. been cpnvened by the Police Magistrate of Oatlands, for the purpose of pe titioning tbe Lieutenant-Gouernbr to reserve the La goon or Lake Frederick for the purpose of irrigation. Tlie meeting will take place this day. . Emigration.— We have received the Report of, the ?Committee on Emigration; a document of considerable importance, and to which we. shall not fail to give due attention. The report has been laid before the Council, and the sum of £60,000 was immediately voted for the purposes of emigration, according to the suggestion of the committee. We are happy to observe, from, the epeecb of the Colonial Secretary that this sum is already inland, being the surphiB^f the land fund. This is a most gratifying piece of intelligence. ; The Gannymede arrived here on Monday having left the downs jn the litter end of May, of course she can bring us no news, and some of the papers received by , her are dated as far back as Dec: 1840. ' ~ -4 ' Evuoratiov to J?oatt*Kp H*r.~Onc hundred and twenty^ltemigr«nt»i talkie nh- ivals at Port Phillip, have volunteered W procaedTtb Portland Bay, and hare been shipped off in the Mary and Elizabeth. V LjOjd Sack.— AS'- eiSmjfei^.irtrie of'GroWh Land, mil take 'place at the , Coilrt - House, Launceston at twelve o'clock, on Monday tbel5tfi Nov. Those fiar ties who were disappoihtedi'iirt the last occasion/by at tending too late, will peflttqis take this' hint, and be punctual in their attendafli* *t the appointed hour as the sale will commence' preciisejy at 12 o'clock. Inquest.,— An Inqtiestwas he!d:on Thursday morn fjifron the body of a' male child, born in the female SMtory on the preceding J9ay.r The evidence conclu sively proved that the child's death was occasioned by natural causes, end a verdict of ' died by the visitation of God' was returned.' At this Inquest several special Jurors were in attendance, and the Coroner, P. A. Mulgrave, Esq., said that hejiad repeatedly given in structions to (be Chief Constable, that they should not be summoned. ???: ;.. ,; The Theatre ? We are ?orry to- bear that the Theatre was very poorly attended on Thursday night, upon the occasion of Mr. '©byd's benefit. The per formances were, we understhrid very creditablp, and passed --ff as well asany-smife-the- company first com menced playing in IJauncestq^. - To night no doubt there will be a full house, beinfe for the benefit of Mr. Searle. by far the most atnusijf£ actor on the boards and whose irresistible comic powers, would force a laugh from the most sedate and demure person in Christendom, The bill of fare wiH'boffoi?bd' in another part of our paper, and it 'will be s_een, that to suit the popular taste, a pantomime will be introduced in which Mr. Searle will take the part rif Clown. We understand that Mr. Searl has been extremely unfortunate since his first ap pearance upon the boards, and we hope to see such a house this evening as will afford him some remuneration for his exertions, which have hitherto been but poorly requited. The. Press. —Every well wisher of Society must deeply regret to witness the personal con&ict;, between the proprietors and editors of the public press now raging at Hobart To*n. We have received a com munication upon the subject, which we must decline in serting, being desirous of abstaining as far as possible from entering into any personal disputes upon matters of no public interest Our correspondent we are sure will accept this as an excellent apology for the nonap pearance of his letter, at the same time we may be allowed to express our concurrence in his remarks generally, and particularly as to the injustice and malice of the publication in which the dispute originated. The truth or falsehood of such a statement, forms no point for our consideration when we look to the motives with which it was published, aiid'tlie manner in which it was introduced only serves to shew the cunning and inge nuity of the writer. It can never be regarded as any thing else than an uncalled for and malicious publica tion, which, however disguised, was intended to annoy and degrade' the party to whom it alluded, and such being the writer's intention, it is no'honourable triumph for him to escape the punishment which he deserved. The lately received South Australian papers slate that his Excellency, the Governor of that province had determined upon establishing an overland mail, between Adelaide and Port Phillip. It is calculated that the journey across the country would be accomplished in ten days. The Crops at South Australia, are stated to be with few exceptions, most promising The season had been one of the most favorable ever experienced since the formation of the colony, so that out of about twelve thousand acres of crops of various kinds, nearly ten thousand would yield an abundant return. The re mainder had been principally sown too late, and some of it had been in Cjpnsequcjicevblighted by the hot winds, and the rest was soiate tfmt there is little chance of its coming to maturity before the hot weather burns it up. In piivate letters,* it is stated that one fourth of the crops would be destroyed by hot winds, but notwith standing, the produce would far exceed that of any year since the establishment of the colony. The Co usa in Steamer left the wharf, on Wednesday morning, for Port Phillip, and may be expected to re turn on that day week, she will sail again on the 20th instant. Mails to Sydney will for the future be regularly made up by this vessel to be forwarded from Port Phillip by the Sea Horse, an excellent arrange ment, which we hope will be also adopted by the Post Office at Sydney. Insurance Compant. — We direct the attention of Shareholders in the Cornwall Fire and Marine Insur ance Company, to an important advertisement which appears in our paper to day, relative to the election of officer!:. Trustees have been appointed to receive the instalments of one pound per share, either in cash, or promissory notes, at three month's, bearing ten per cent, interest. 'No person will be iulitlcd to vote, until this deposit be paid, and the deed signed ; an exception bow. ever, in the latter Tespect,|is made in favour of those who reside more than twenty miles distant. The. necessary forms for electing officers may be obtained upon appli cation to Mr James Robertson, and a meeting to de clare the result of the election, will be held at the Ex change, on the 26th instant. . . We have much pleasure in giving publicity to the following extract from the Southern Australian and are glad to observe that Mr. Jackson possesses, besides the confidence of the Government, the good opinion of his fellow-colonists in general ' The Gazette contains the announcement of Mr. Jackson's appointment to the office of Colonial Se cretary, and Mr. Gouger's to that of Colonial Trea surer. ' The thorough business . habits of Mr. Jackson, connected with his exceedingly obliging and well-known gentlemanly deportment, wilt make his appointment to the office of Colonial Secretary universally popular. The confusion in which things existed at the Treasury, at the time of his. 'appointment to that office, is well known, as isalsotfje- clockwork like order into which things in that department are now reduced. It is but an act of justice, (therefore, to call attention to Mr.. *j&ckson;'s abilities and zeal, and to put upon record the sentiments of esteem in which he is universally held. Of course, Mr. Jackson has now taken his seat in the Council of Government, where his abilities will be of the utmost importance. On the 16th October, a detachment of the 96tb Regiment (84 rank and file,) under the command of Captain Butler, arrived at South Australia from Hobart Town by the Eudora, and on the following morning marched into the barracks, provided and fitted up for their accomoda- tion. ' Of the Old Wigs— the Grey cabinet, just three splin ters remained at the dissolution of Parliament, Lords Lansdowne, Melbourne and Palmerston! The first a- negative a difficult to be moved as to be proved ; the next, positive, as; a Tory, for the first forty-eight yearB of Ais life, but, as a Radical, complaint and passive, during the last ten years' . Of Lord Palmerston we need say nothing but that he has shown himself, fbr upwards of twenty years, like the ever-green at White hall. This then, is the tripled- faced guardian of the Queen's council chamber, the ghost of the departed tjrey Administration, whose supremacy has covered the whole -land with the most barefaced, dagitious, and Inordinate corruption — whose ' commissions' for carry ing out the theory of their reform system would »? double man the fleet,— whose 'peace' policy has been such, that. noo man jn, the empire could ever clpijtji'if. eyes« nightjflrj^out'jdreadingto find warprocfajdlW next morning, —.and jyhbie, economy without paying off a single sixpence «f a debt which at their coming into offices bad ;been in progress of reduction at more than jea.OOO.OO'pcr annum, has now in eighteen months' added to the debt somewhat more than tlonble the. sum I . . . ? ? 