VARIETIES. In a review of a German Work by Varnhagen Von Ense, in the Foreign Quarterly Review, we find the following cu rious anecdotes : ' One morning the death cart came for its usual number of daily victims ; and Schlabendorf s name was called out He immediately with tbe greatest coolness and good humour prepared for departure ; presence of mind in some shape, a grand stoicism of mere indifference, were common in those terrible times. — And Schlaberndorf was not the man to make an ungraceful departure, when the unavoid able mutt of fate stood sternly before him. He was soon dressed, only his boots were missing; he sought, and sought, and 6Ought, and the gaoler sought with him in this corner and in that ; but they were not to be found. ' Well/ said Schlaberndorf sharply, - this is too bad: to be guillotined without any boots will never do. Hark ye, my good friend/ continued he with simple good humour to the gaoler, ' take me to morrow ; one day makes no difference ; it is the man they want, not Tuesday nor Wednesday.' The gaoler agreed. The wagon, full enough without that one head, went off to its destination ; Schiuberndorf remained n the prison. — Next morning, at the usual hour, the ve hicle returned ; and tbe victim who had so strangely es caped on the previous day was ready, boots and all, wait ing the word of command. But bebold ! his name was not heard on that day ; nor the third day, nor the fourth ; and not at all. There was no mystery in the matter. It was naturally supposed that he had fallen with the other victims named for the original day : in the multitude of sufferers no one could curiously inquire for an individual; for the days that followed there were enough of victims without him ; and so he remained in prison till the fall of Robespierre, when with bo many others he recovered his liberty. He owed this miraculous escape, not the least strange iu the straDge history of the revolution, partly to the kindness of the gaoler,, partly and mainly to his good I temper. He was a universal favourite in the gaol.' Many of the literary, diplomatic, and military celebri ties of Germany, during the last thirty yean, are very ably characterised. Respecting Justinus Kerner we find this singular story, which may be looked upon as one of tbe mo3t remarkable instances of the sympathetic quality which forms tbe basis of mesmerism : — * It was deep in Winter, and Kerner was sitting with a friend, an enlightened and sensible person. The candle was burning, and a guitar lay on the table ; he commenc ed playing. — As he was fingering the instrument he felt suddenly a feeling of constrainraeut come over him, which qulekly increased ; he was in a state to himself undefinable, and such as he had never before experienced ; he had nei ther measure nw expression for what he felt ; and his con dition rose to a climax of perplexity on bis perceiving that his friend, who sat beside evidently? orer-ma&tered; by a similar emotion, wae looking in terror over his head. He ? ncv felt as if a terrible weight was pressing upon him from above, and in the same moment, when the painful feeling had mounted to a erihis, his friend sprang up, and cried out full of terror, ♦ Oh, Jespb, Kerner!' and rushed out of the room. Kerncrfell down, and lay for a time unconscious*, not irom the fright, however, as he expressly asseverates, but from the continued action of the exciting cauee, what ever it might be, within. When he came to himself, he left the chamber hurriedly, and walked about for a little iu the open air ; the clear starry winter night refreshed him, and when he came in again he could quietly lay himself to Bleep. Early in tbe morning he met his friend — both were embarrassed ; but at length his friend, siill shuddering at tne recollection, narrated how while Kerner was ploying on the guitar the preceding evening:, suddenly a figure appear ed to form itself above Kerner'6 head, and then drew away along the wall. Kerner knew only, that as he was playing a feeling of anxiety came on him from above ; then sud denly he became Very cold, and everything around un usually light and dear. Neither of them could find out any external circumstance that could have caused this appa rition j when Kerner returned he fonnd the light burnt out, and no closeness in the air. They could fiud no words to express the strangeness of the feeling each had experi enced. Kerner enn never tell this story without a most uu pleasant feeling ; and he almost repents' thut he has told it me. The feclinp, he says, was so terrible, that he felt as if instant death, or madness should have seized him ; before the fit he hud been very merry, and in excellent spirit* ; but the next, day he ft-lt himself unwell, was seized by an affection similar to St. Vitus' dance, aitd was obliged to continue many days under medical care. Even now he in sists that the whole was a matter of bodily disease, and re jects any theory of ghosts as applicable to the case ; but ha ttill persists in the reality of the wonderful apparition, and can in no wise talk himself out of tbe belief that such a thing actually was seen.' Toys por the Princess.— Her Majesty has command ed that the celebrated tiger's head (sent to this country by the Mcrquis Wellesley), with a solid ingot of gold for his tongue, and crystal teeth, should be sent from the Castle to Buckingham Palace. There is a curi- 1 ous tale connected with this valuable trophy,, which uoay be worth relating. It was for several years pluced in the mu seum of the East India Company, in Leadenhall street ; but it having by some means been ascertained by the late King that this celebrated foot-stool ofTippoo Saib was intended for the then Sovereign of England, it was ultimately, after remonstrances on one part and negotiations on both sidwv handed over to William the Fourth, and it bus ever since been preserved in the plate-room at Windsor Castle. A splendid golden model of a peacock, nearly covered with an immense profusion of precious stones, and estimated to bt of the value of thirty thousand pounds, has likewise been forwarded. Sir George Cayley's Air Engine. — Both in England and France many unsuccessful attempt* have been made to convert air into a motive power. — Sir George Cay ley has at length succeeded ; aud the public will have an oppor tunity of judging for themselves of the value of his disco very, as soon as a proper carriage for the purpose can be got ready. The principle of the new engitie is easily ex plained. Air is compressed by the pump into a receiver, to be used when wanted. Motion is communicated to tl-e wheels by pistons acted upon by the ear, which iB rarefied by heat in its passage from the receiver to the cylenders, where it acts upon the piston rod much in the same way that steam does. This, to communicate motion to a pistou, a portion of the air in the receiver is forced by compression into tunes subjected io heat, and from thence, in its rarefied state, it rushes to the cylendcrs as the only place of escape An experimental engine, upon this plan, was ex'mlw) last year to Messrs. Babhage, Rennie, Gordon, Bramah, rSnuon, a&d; others. It worked with great ttcadine&e; at rather above a five-horse power, and was under perfect control ; the exnense of fuel following exactly the same ratio ao the power, which is one of the peculiarities of this engine. Thue, if it were stopped for half an hour or more, no less of fuel would take place. No water is required; and the con sumption of coke is only from four or five pounds per horse power per mile. — This experimental engine, though perfect as to power, was found inconvenient, in consequence ofsorue of the dust from the coke getting into the working cylin ders, which caifsed them to require niore lubrication than was convenient for practical purpobes ; but the eugine now building is so constructed as to remove llriB evil. The air engine, by obviating tbe necessity of carrying water, and by obtaining the full power from combustion in the most economical manner, bids fair to be applicable ou many oc casions were the steam-engine is inconvenient, and to vie with it in power. ? 