DR. LANG, THE "UERALD," AND "NO POPERY." t When we ventured to insert our dissecting knife t into the fboth and bombast which filled the columns of the Sydney Herald, on the debut of its new editor, our friends were afraid, and our enemies rejoiced, that we had roused a lion, who, in all probability, would devour us at a mouthful. We were quite at ease, however, under the circumstances; we had formed an estimate of the man's acquirements from the beginning; and, although that estimate, low as it was, turns out now to have been too high for the reality, it is admitted on every hand that it was sub. stantially correct. Day after day some new display of gross igno rance adorns the columns of the once leading journal of the colony; and the question now is not, " how much the Professor knows," but how little? We think it was Dr. Johnson who said that a man could write all the better upon a subject the less he knew about it; and, as great men often think alike, this would seem also to be the opinion of the ex-professor of zoology and " smoke," and of his admirers. We do not think, however, that the public agree with these great men upon this point; at least the opinion is, that a journalist should know something about his subject. No newspaper writer is obliged to compose treatises de omnibus rebus. lie may accomplish his duty well, and pass useful remarks upon men and things, without making any pretensions to science at all; but, if an editor will be a linguist, a divine, a naturalist, a historian, an economist, a musician, &c; , &c.;, &c.;, the least thing that such an admirable Crighton should dis play, is an acquaintance with the first rudiments of these sciences. Of " the Professor's" knowledge of grammar, history, political economy, and music, we have enabled our readers already to judge. He has now entered the theological arena, and, not content with expatiating upon his native Calvinism, or " Calvanism," as he calls it, he must needs have a lecture upon the ecclesiastical discipline of the Catholic church. It appears that that eccentric Presbyterian minis ter, Dr. Lang, has published a book upon church affairs in America; in which lie mentions the fact of the Catholic laity in America having "something to say in the government of the church they belong to," as the result of " Presbyterian and republican influence ;" and prophesies that the progress df this alleged novelty will shortly protestantise that body. If the Professor, in undertaking to review the Doc tor's catchpenny publication, had known anything at all respecting the Catholic discipline, he would at once have corrected the rash and heedless author, by making the necessary distinction between the spiritual government of the church-over which the laity in America or elsewhere claim no authority and the regulation of tihe church's endowments, over which the laity, in all ages and in all nations, and more particularly in the middle ages, when the spiritual power of the church was unquestioned, have claimed and exercised a certain control, as the voluntary contributors of these endowments. The veriest tyro in canon law could and would have at once exposed the Doctor's ignorance, by marking this broad and necessary distinction ; but not so the Professor, who knows as little about canon law as the "smokers" say he does about tobacco. On tile contrary, he adopts the Doctor's error; praises the Prussian despot who attempted to force a real change of discipline upon his Catholic subjects; and, quoting an account of the obscure and ridiculous proceedings of some Catholics in Hobart Town, asserts that the same spirit (of reform) "is strongly manifesting itself in onr politically non-represented and non-responsibly governed Australian colonies;" and adds, that the Vicar General, Mr. Therry, is one of those pseudo "Catholic reformers, whose public ninistrations have led the Catholic people of 'T'asmania to consider themselves free agents in the small matter of liberty to think and judge for themselves." We fear much Mr. Therry will think this but a sorry compliment. It would, indeed, be a very serious injury to that worthy man's character but for the ridiculous display of ignorance which pre cedes and follows it, which will, however, correct t any injurious effect which might otherwise follow from so equivocal a compliment. What, for instance, will any of our readers think of the following announcement, which is furnished as the sole proof of Mr. Therry'a reforming pre. dilections : " When Mr. Therry ofliciated in St. Mlary's, Sydney, we are respectably informed that he always read a chapter from the bible in the vulgar tongue the Queen's English. If this were done by all priests, Catholic reform would progress rapidly"! I I Risum teneatias amicil Truly, this from anso " ex-professor of King's College, London," is abun dantly ridiculous. It were superfluous to inform the t intelligent reader that not only lir. Therry, but 1 every Catholic clergyman in the world, is obliged, I in virtue of hIis obedience to the supreme authority v of a general council of the church, to read to his c people in tihe vulgar tongue a considerable portion c of the bible every Sunday and holiday. This fact, I well known to every Catholic living, the unen t lightened Protestant may be assured of; and it Is unnecessary to add a single word more to complete a the eaposure of this would'be.theologue's quackery. Before leaving this subject we feel bound to tender our thanks to " thIe Professor" for his recom mendation to thIe ghost of thIe Immigration Com- ( mittee to encourage the emigration of weavers from a the manufacturing towns in England and Scotland, t and of labourers from thie North of Ireland. \We I approve of this suggestion the more readily that three-fourths of the North Irish are Catholics, and a very great proportion of the weavers in manufac facturing towns of England and Scotland are of the same religion! We cannot too much praise this stretch of liberality on the part of our contem porary ; no matter whether it hlas its origin in a real convelsion to liberal opinions, or, what is more probable, from ignorance of the statistics of the United Kingdom. Nevertheless, we still assert the undoubted right of the South Irish to avail them selves to what extent they please of the bounties held out to the free subjects of her Mlajesty gene tally. 