SHIPS IN HARBOUR. \--a Abecromble, schooner, 144 tons, Watson, at Queen's wharf, discharging, Egan agent Acleon, barque, 137 tons, Dumman, at Camnpbell's whar dlischorging, A. B. Smith, agent Alexander llenry, barque 300 tons, Evans, at P'eacock's wharf, laid up, Willis and Co., agents AWed, barque, 71 tons, Eastmur at Walker's wharf, loading for London, Walker, agent A(wed, brig, IlggIns, in Cockle Bay, discharging, Peacock, agent Allbrec, ship, 378 tons, Hiinclhman, at Berry's wharf, North Slore,lKenworthy and Co., agents Amelia, barque, 314 tons, lenley, at Moore's wharf, dis. elarglog, Moore, agent Aracloe', barlue, l30 tons, Pearse, at Botts's wharf, Tucker and Co., agrents Arladne, barque, 501 tons, M'Leod, near Pinlchgut, Gilclhrist, agent Ariel, shooner, 104 tons, Maulholland, east side of Cove, relltting, Paul and Co., agents Algtusla, blurque, 238 tons, nIlattLuson, at Lister's wharf for P'url P'tlltp, %etenlof... sgent Arltrallan, schooner, 102 tons, Ireland, at bloore's wharf, sontetlores and Co., agents BDrello Junior, barque, 522 tons, Marshall, in stream, re. fitting F. lMitchell, agent Beagle, If. M.B.,10guns, Wlckham, in Farm Core, refitting letay and Barah, brig, 170 tons, Mino, In Darling Harbour, Dunlosp and Co., agents Black Nymph, barque 301 tons, Hall, at Campbell's wharf, dllsrtargitg, Campbell, agent Caledonla, barquo, 405 tons, Leddell, at Moore's wharf, dis charging, A. and S. Lyons, agents Caldonila, barque, 21( tons, M5'Cuteheon, cast side of Cove, loading for Lonoun. Hunter and Co., agents Caroline, barque, 103 tons, in Cockle Bay, J. Jones, anget Caroline, barque, 300 tons, Dryborauglt, In Cookle Bay, repalring, Walker and Co, agents Chslina, brig, brg, tns, Blrkenshaw, off Patent Slip, dis charging, A.ll . Smith, agent Cicely, brig, 235 tons, M'Leod, east aisle of Cove, loading for Liverpool, Hlirst and Co., agents Cltb'a, schooner, 114 tons, Itentarew, at Lamb's wharf, dis. clsargig, Dutlop, agent Clytdedale, ship, 614 tons, Bennett, In stream, refitting for Calcutta, t'Nab anti Co., agents Colllngwood, brig, 282 tons, Guthrie, at Lister's wharf, dIs. charging, tamnsay and Young, agents Colombian, barqus, 270 tons, Vakeln, at Lamb and Parbury's wlharf diselhalglng,i Lobinsou, agent Com pel, or, barque, 34 ltos, ritchanrd, in Cookle Day, rofitting, Pritchard, agent Conrad, barque, 400 tons, Campbell, in stream, Gore and Co., agents Crberlandl, barque, 404 tons, Osborne, in Darling IIarbour, Asplnall atd Brown, agents D?,mntlers, shlip 432 tons, Shepherd, In stream, ready for Indta, Maontellotes and Co,, agents Dina, barquo S321 tons, Lane, at head of Cove, refitting, -aunm and ioskings, agents Dila?, brig, o20 tonas,-l ns, In Uth stream, Mllne, agent BSarlJ Lensdale shlay, 9150 tons, l'elle, in Caove, laid on for Bay f slastds, F aul and Co. agents lleano, barque, 102 tons, Jomson, III Cookie Day, laid on for Ld tdon, Cooper and lolt, a Cents Elfiabeth lbaque, 102 tons, Pbhiloi, at Moore a wharf, dli. chargine, Cooper and Co., agents EEmma, blig, I totlls, YWard, ill Cockle Bny, loading for Port Phlilllp, Woolley, agelnt E lma, barque, 307 tons, Carutl, off Lister's wharf, loading for Liverpool, A. B. Smith, agent Falcon, schooner, 40 tons, Brown, in Cockle Ina, ladd on for Wollongong Ferguon, shlip, 055 tolls, Virtue, off Walker's wharf, dis Ehargilg, Wl ker lndi Co., agents Formoa, ship,. 535 tons, Adams, in stream, refitting, A. B. Smith, genlt Fortune, barque, 012 tons, Norris, at Dukou' wharf, loading for Loudon, Duke and Co , agents Fulmar, brig, 271 tons, Collier, east side of Cove, loading for London, Gore and Co., agents Ganges, ship, 400 tonlls, 'Donald, in stream, refitting, A. D. Smlith, agent Grorgiana, schooner, 145 tons, tlichardson, at Queen's wharf, diseharging Genii, brig, 157 tons, Murray, at Duke's wharf, refitting, J. Jones, agenlt GleIalvon, brig,213 tons, Young, in Darling Harbour, lrefittilg, Walker anild Co., agents Gooshawk, brig, I.l tons, Willey, in Cove, for freight or charter, FrOm an1d Co., IlrvItgL Gratiulde, barcue, '271 tons, Robertson, at Walker's wharf, discharging, Willis aolld Co., agents IRaider bartole, 3:35 tons, Marshall, at Botts' wharf, dis rchargng, liitrst, Igent Henry, siip, 410 tons, Watnsley, il Darling HIarbour, laid on for Liverpool, Aspinoll and llrown, agents Mlind, brig, 141 tolls, Jones, discharging coals into flaretto Junior, Egan, agent IondIraso, larque, :113 tons, Weller, alongside Caroline, off Duke's wharf, loading for London, Moore, agent Hope, barque, 350 toils, Williams, in st'rnm, for Valparaiso, Lordl and Co., ngelts IHuntress, ship, 550 tons, Lovatt, in the stnllam, RKenworthy and Co, ngents Integrity, harque, 220 tons, Pearson, in Cove, laid all, A. B. Spark, agent Ituna, brig, 221 tolns, Saunderson, at Campbell's wharf, Betts and Coa, ngenlt Janoe Giford brque, 550 tons, Mason, off Walker's wharf, Walker ntt Co., agenlts Jessie, barque, 31. tons, Sergeant, at Moore's wharf, dis. challrginlg, II. Moore, agent John Bary, ship, 521 tolls, Robson, off' Battery Point, Gore and Co., agents John lirie, schooner, 100 tolls, Hart, in Cockle Bay, A. B. Spark, agent Juo, barque, 270 tons, Banks, east side of Cove, laid up, Donaldson, agent Kelso, ship, 507 tons, Itoslhurgh, in the stream, loading for I London, A. B. Spurk, agent Lady Blackw,ood, barque, 252 tonls, Haris, at Campbell's wharf, refitting, CCampbell, agent Lindsays, barque, 210 tolms, Iln Cockle Bay, repairing, Mitchell, agent Londton, ship, 350 tolns, Brace, off Barker andl Hallen's mills, in Cockle Day, Kenworthy and Co., agentsC Mlalcolm, barque, 239 tons, M'Farlane, in stream, nIealr Pinch gut, A. 1B. Smithl, igelt 1nodane,D arinue, 311 tonlls, lMurdoch, in Cove, loading for London, Walker ani Co., agellts Mlargbaret, ship, 3(14 tons, CaCIny, at head of Cove, Monteliores and Co., egents Maria, barque, 310 toells, Colin, in stream, refitting, the Captain, agent farmtiou, barque, 373 tons, Dyer, ill streamn, for Calcutta, Harper agelt Martha, brig, 121 tolls, Powell, at Peacock's wharf, dia. charging, Wood, agent Marquis of istni,ngs, barque, 4152 tells, Coar, in Darling Harbour, Walker and Co.,agents Mary, barque, 3 tonlls, lI'Donald, ill Mossman's Bay, re fitting, Hughesand Itoshing, agents Mlfary Baloatine, barqult, 530 tons, Picken, in stream, dischalging, Gore and Co., alCets ?lary Iid l'ay, barque, 1117 tons, Hawkes, at Newcastlc, loading for Londoll, A. B. Spark, agent Mine,rva, brig, 10 tons, Wainwright, east side of Cove, loading for London, RaInsay and Young, agents rontllrreal, balrque, 311 tons, Tessier, at Moore's wharf, dis ellarging, Campbell,jlllluaior, agent Mforley,ship, 57H tons, Stephens, off Girard's wharf, refitting, Gore anld Co., agents Nelson, barrque, 300 tons, Norris, at Duke's wharf, refitting, Drake and Co., agents Nimrod, brig, 174 tons, Lancaster, cast side of Cove, for Bay of Islands, Daere, agent Nocton, barque, 291 tons, Long, discharging oil into the Caro. line, A. D. Spark, agenlt Orlatvi, schlooner, 01 tons, Jolmston, in Cockle Bay, for freight or charter, Chulrch, agent Orient, ship, 474 tons, Taylor; at Botts' wharf, discharging, Monltefilores, agent PIalestine, barque, 350 tons, Sim, off Botts' wharf, loading for London, Botts, agent Pahlyra, blarque, 002 tols, Daniel, near Pinchgut, for China, Gilchrist and Co , agents Pe,'sereraer, schooner, 83 tons,DBishop, off Commercial wharf, bound to L.aunceaton, A. I. Smith, agent Piscator, schooner, 111 tons, It'Queen, at mouth of Cove. Egan, agent PoEcklingon, barque, 204 tolls, Hunter, at Walker's wharf, W'alker, agent Posthumous, barque, 38I tons, Milner, in Darling Harbour, refitting, Deloitte and Co., agents Prince George, Hi. M. cutter, 7d tons, Moore, oil' Battery Point Prince George, barque, 482 tons,Grant, in stream, discharging 1Pyralmss, balrque, 301 tons, iln Cockle Bay, laid up, Dcloitte, agent Regnuls, batqle, 369 tons, Huntlcr, at Campbell's wlhaf, load ing for London, Campbell, agent Richard WIebb, barqle, 480 tolls, Steel, ill Cove, loading for London, Motllciores & Co., agents Robert Neweton, brig, 310 tolls, Mosey, ill sraln, reflitting, Gore and Co., agenlts Royal Georyge, shi, 54t5 tons, Richards, in Cove, loading for London, Donaldson, agent Rulby, ship, 413 tons, Myhill, in Cove, discharging, Drake and Co., agents Sa,ah, brig, 216 tons, Coppell, at Lamb and Parbury's wharf, Dunlop agent Sarah Chrlote, brig, 224 tons, Dundee, in stream,discharbgng, Sanunders, agelnt Samuel, banlue, 322 tons, Smith, head of Cove, discharging, Dunlop, agent SEDostris, barque, 488 tons, Rowe, ofl Dixon's mills, in Cockle Day, lluglles and HIosking, agents Sir Charles Forbes, burque, 363 tolls, Ilacon, in stream, Walker and Co., rageuts Siren, brig, 141 tols, at Russell's wharf, laihdd up Sir lfilliam I'allace, hanlpre, 2110 tons, Firth, In Darling IHlr. boar, reilltting. Peacock, agent Sisters, barque, i91 tols, at Iuke's wharf, refliting, Duke and Co , agents Sophia IPte, brig, 210 tolls, Harrison, at Kirk's wharf, for Port Phillip Spartan, barque, 308 tolls, Butohard, in Cove, Deloitto and Co., agents Speeltaior, brig, 90 tons, F:islher, at Peacock's wharf, refitting, Weller, agent Supe,'b, ship, 354 tons, Edington, in stream, refitting, Hart and Gaden, agents Slusanah Ann, 79 tons, Anderson, at Jones's wharf, dis lcharging, J. Jones, agent Tom o' Shante,', salaue, 270 tons, Ellis, at the Commercial wharf, discharging, Gaden, a elnt Thomas Kingp,ship, 3?' tons, eounee, off Moore's wharf, for freight or charter H. Moore, agent Thomas Laurie, barque, 294 tons, off Campbell's wharf, Thomson alnd Co., agenits Unity, sclooner, 55 tolls, Bowbyes, in the stream, off Peacock's wharf, the captain, agent William, barque, 3211 tols, High, in Cockle Bay, for freight or charter, Orese agent William, brig, 149 tolls, Grant, at Lister's wharf, discharging, Thom, agent Wllllan Lshinoton, larqne, 400 tons, Atkins, at Campbell's wharf, Montellors and lCo., agents W'illiam Slowldl, brig, 187 tons, Davidson, off Campbell's wharf, refitting for London, Dawes, agent DEVELOPMENT OF CHRISTIANITY. To have imagined christianity devoid of a power to create and foster instiltutions adapted to the varying circumstances of ages, would have been to place It in a lower sphere of energy, and of adaptation to man's wants, titan its imperfect precursor. On tilhe contrary, it was to be expected that witlhin its bosom would lie the congregated seeds of many admirable institutions and active piinciples, whlichl required various periods of fostering care, till the moment arrived of a proper warmth, or even of a more chilling season, requisite for makiog eachl vegetate, grow up, and bear fruit, according to its kind. For, as regarding the instances I proposed from thile old law, there is no doubt but thie germs or principles of those and any outher develcpmentsl which took place in it, existed already in the system; as thile funda mental doctrine of all repentance-that sin is an enormous evil-was clearly demonstrated in tile very punishments wlhich earlier penitents deprecated or suffered; as the promise of a Redeemer was tilhe corner stone of all thie Jewish polity; yet these principles seemed to lie neglected till gradually brought forll by circunstances into a clearer light, and made leading ideas of the first importance; so, in the new law, we might be led to expect a similar course, and not be surprised if we have to trace practices or feelings, become at particular times the loading chlaracteristics of religious thoughlt, to doc trines or principles whichll originally lurked as one seed in the furrow among others of greater magni tude. And many causes of error will be effectually cut off by the right understanding of this priiciple. For nothing is more common, yet nothing is more mistaken, than to confound the greater mnlanifestation of things with their first origin, and to date belief or practice from the period vhen circumstances give to either a decided promilllence in public view, or a new estimation in nen's hlearts. Of such misap prehension abundant instances will he found, if necessary. If, froml the very day of the Holy Ghost's descent, the churcei, like a grain of musltard seed, commenced its systemn of outward growth ; so did its increase no less begin in the order of interior development. Every thing was gradual. At first the Jewish worship was attended, and many of its ceremonial rites observed, withl scrupulous precision. The interior resources of the christian system, for a malestic and most noble worship, were not at once called upon; but this was left gradually to unfold itself by time and experience, Thie hierarchy was not planted by our Saviour, nor by the apostles themselves, in a systematic form; but the episcopal body, if I may so apcakevolved from itself, in due season, the priestly order; and, when the expediency of circumstance, called for it, the thlird degree, sill then reserved, was constituted in tihe nomination of the deacons. ''lThe very doctrines of bchristianity were communicated with a similar proportion i there was a milk of doctrino, to use the figure of scriptture, and a more solid food, that formed a gradation ol spiritual nourishment, suited to thie powers o1 dirfferent converts. Time soon gave perfection to tilhe hIlappy begilnning made.-Dr. Woleeman. NATIVE MINERAL PAINT.-In the process of sinking a shaft in search of coal, on the Sbane's Castle estate of Earl O'Neill, in this county, a substance has been found (and of which an ex tensive stratum has been traced) applicable for use as a mineral paint. It occurs at a place called Dunrankin, an'd can be raised in large quantities ready for use, by merely grinding with oil, which it does perfectly smooth, of good body, and of a bright reddish brown. A gentleman, to whom specimens have been submitted, states it to be an ochreous earth, two thirds oxide of iron, and one-third alu mina ; that for common out.door painting, as houses, gates, and carts, it is particularly applicable, and may he used for floor and oil-cloth, paper-staining, &c; , also, ornamental imitations of wood, of which his lordship has a variety of tablets prepared, which have a very good effect, as well as his coat of arms, in the style of coach panelling, which, probably, no nobleman or gentleman in Ireland posseses from paint raised on his own estate. With gum-water it has been tried as a water colour for mapping. Belfast Chronicle. 