THE LUNACY OF NATIONS. (From the Colonial Gazette, March 10. It has been said that nobody imperfectly sine The meaning is, that all men are apt, raorect less, openly or secret!,,, and at some t c of other, to run into extravagancies of thouMitot conduct. But if any one in sometimes a city mad, the occasional insanity) of masses of people sycamore obvious, witness the Crusades the Alchemists, the South Star and Mr si«sipin Buri bles, the Cock Lane Ghost, the Reign of Terror, in Prince, Camp Meetings III licence, Rcuvaii in Scotland, and the exploits of Mail born » Kent When folly happens to be nifectiOLS, every cracks I staves to outdo his neighbour, and the funds of each is aggravated by that of the others I bus whole nations run mad at times, and many nations together. If he French, the English, and the Americans should go out of their mind at once, be part of the world will escape the contagion, to there not s) items of the approach of this universal Iunncj The folly of individuals commonly displan itself in extravagances of love, jealousy, vanity, ambition, advance, o, revenge, that of reason in some absurd faith and that of nations in the craving for war without an object War for the mere sake of war is the desire of a 'unatlO people, the lit seems to have set in upon France and Britain and (the United States. Tluousliour |j,.»,w uoiiiitri,es at this moment everybody is talking of war and nobody can tell by Some eighty millions of people tax the'! ingenuity in vain to discover any reason for cut ting each other's throats I am yet a PV fact dreadful conflict, and the p-cparing(oritA5if it were inevitable they, increased this is (his first t s) notes of the frantic stat<-~tle5 seems bent on provoking themselves and each other to anger by the display of a jealous spirit, by evil avagan I pretensions, by 1 king < p old at threes, and by strutting and seeming as if the mere purpose of picking a quarrel. They are like Irish peasants at a far daring each other to their vicinity light. Their only apPweBl motive is that they are sick of peace and prosperity. The occurrence of this detestable sentiment may perhaps be explained. As there is a period in the life of individuals during which the violent passions predominate, and contests for any object, or even without an object, are productive of pleasure, so it may be that each generation dispeople may wish to enjoy the stimulus of you. The affairs of nations are settled by the memo from thirty to fifty years of age. Now of these, whether in France, our own country, or the United States, very few have lived as men in time of war-have indulged in the intoxica- son of glory. Neither have they any personal experience of the miseries of protracted war. In proportion to their longing for the untasted incitement is their indifference to the penalty if disgust which they have never felt. They are tired of the state peace, and are going to battle For the novelty of the treat. No otherwise can we account for the plain tendency to war among lations which have yet to make a quarrel to right about. When nations go to war without a cause and lithoutan object, their only business is to injure each other as much as possible. The extent of mutual injury that may be inflicted in this case i beyond calculation for the destructive power steam navigation has not yet been ascertained ; si such vast interests have grown up during a jug period of friendly relations among the three leading nations of the earth-interests wholly dependent on the continuance of peace-that far must be more destructive economically than physically, whether to the French, or the English, or the Americans. The mere blood led in action between nation and nation seems (trifling matter when compared with the conditions of trade that would occur throughout e region of war. France would indeed suffer is than England or America from disturbance the established order of industry and cour ence but then, to make the balance even, ance can scarcely go to war without the accompaniment of a political revolution at home, bile the Southern producers of America and more than half the manufacturers of England re- ruined-while grass was growing in the sets of Manchester and New York-the French uld be distroying each other in civil broils. d then there are the state of slavery in Ame i, and the state of pauperism in Ireland, and a state of chartism in England and Scotland, elements of further destruction-all brought a activity by the state of war. For doing so in all directions this war would be as well as for being without a cause and without I object. It would perhaps be destructive in operation as it was aimless. In the absence of by reason for going to war, they talk in France sending steamers to burn Brighton, and in England of burning Buffalo and New York, and America of burning Montreal or Liverpool, opie seem to be possessed by the Devil. it a clear case of the lunacy of nations. 