NATHAN'S MUSURGIA VOCALIS. [SECOND ARTICLE.] Many of our readers, who have perused our first article on Mr. Nathan's very ex- traordinary work, have been inclined to believe, that our account of it was drawn, not from the work itself, but from some imaginary work, whose image we had con- jured up in our own fancy - a dreaming vision of some lost work of the admirable Crichton or of Maggliabecchi, the librarian. It is well known, that it is no unusual fro- lic for the wits of the Noctes Ambrosianæ, under the direction of the redoubted Chris- topher North, to get up reviews, including extracts of works, which were never in existence, for Blackwood's Magasine ; and as we gave no extracts from Mr. Nathan's work, in proof of our opinions of it, the notion (not unnaturally) arose that we were reviewing some imaginary book with the view of exciting more than ordinary at- tention to the Musurgia. Now, we assure our readers, we were in sober earnest and never more serious in our lives, with the slight interlude of a smile, when the facetious shade of Dr. Kitchiner, swal- lowing his night-cap and tickling his oys- ters, for a moment flitted across our fancy. We shall, before we have done with Mr. Nathan's very miraculous book, most amply prove, by extracts, all and a great deal more than all, we have asserted in our first article, respecting its multifa- rious and multitudinous learning ; and we shall for this purpose begin at the begining -in limine, as they say in Latin, which a learned Scots mason most graphically translates " at the door-stane." Well then, look at this our first extract from Mr. Nathan's preface, and say, whether we exaggerated, when we pronounced him to be a very miracle of learning, far beyond our own highly esteemed, though unknown, Vox e Deserto. Music (he says) was one of the preliminary studies of heroes. Hercules was taught by Eumolpus to play with both hands on the ?????? ???????,, and that champion of the Grecian prize-ring, ??????????, or Pollux, did not enter the lists, until,he had qualified his mind by musical stu-- dies. Our knigbt- errants and troubadours ad. mixed the love of music with their love of arms precisely on this principle. Noy, philosophers, and* such philosophers as Socrates, ù izarv . tZcx°c, as Plato, as Aristotle, thought not ¡iova'iKi\ and povaovpyta beneath their mighty .attainments: they inculcated them in their dog- mata, and from their rules of harmony taught their pupils to rise to the high consideration of superior natures. Such was the philosophical musurgia of the ancients ! From the self-sufiic:ent and ignorant I never theless-expcct no mercy : " omne ignotum pro magnifico," is not universally true. There is so much -merely mechanical excellence in the world, that science and new views of ancient things are too often placed in the shade :-this hat been found pre-eminently the case with music., Horses have been half humanized at our theatres j they have been taught to act in- credibilities :-with their riders they have be- come centaurs :-monkies have raised their na- tural tricks and mischievous gambols almost to an intellectual standard, and one is even recorded to have travelled round the world ;-bears have danced and tumbled, wielded weapons, been veritable Quixotes, and even ceased to be bear- ish :- dogs have performed as many miracles as some Saints in the calendar, and on the veridical authority of our trans-atlantic brother Jonathan, have heen taught to »peak (lege growl)-nay, Jonathan, who occasionally deals in ätriora, has seen ' sea-serpents, (whom we have discovered to have been ncsr relations on the male side to Bishop Pontoppidan's Croton, [See Pontoppi dan's History of Norway.] and on the female side to Vishnu's world-enciVc/m^ and etemity filling Seshnaga, [See Colemnn's Hindu Mytho logy, and Moor's Hindu Pantheon.] dancing Mazourlcas and gallopades in tb*e ocean, encom- passing it > in their marvellous gyres and evolu- tions, (like Job's leviathan, who made the deep boil and bubble like a caldron,) and almost ap- pearing like a Delos arising from the abyss : say, our well-beloved brother Jonathan (mis- take'him not for Jonadab Ben Rechab, who neuer drank wine) has also seen bewitching mer- maids-marine sirens-nymphs of the smiling eye, and sea-green hair, Ovyartptç úXi'oio yípov roc, whomungallant naturalists have degraded to phocae-wooing unwary shepherds to their love, and Jonathan has actually beard them fill the American atmosphere with their plaintive notes, wonders only to be equalled by those of the ever-memorable1 Sindbad, the familiar friend of Rokhs, Paris, Devs, Ghuls, flying Jins, Afrits, Simorghs, and all other enormities of nature in . funny mood : we have also witnessed bell ringing, "pistol-firing, door-opening, and all but logical elephants, talking and tune-whistling parrots, jays, sky-larks, magpies, et hoc genus omne /-Wombwell's hoop-leaping lion-tigers, Balaam's and Silenus's speaking donkies,-the miraculous lioness-which suckled Zal, and that compassionate she- wolf, which performed the .ame lacteouslyzcharitable office to Romulus and Remus, with many other most amiable and in- teresting beasts, end equally -splendid portents of ancient history : the timid hare has likewise fired O'gun, instead of running away from it, birds have whistled Mozart's airs, and perhaps ere long will run through one of the fugues of Sebastian Bach,-Automata have exceeded the renowned i Munchausen : they have played on the piano, they have blown the flute, sweetly, gracefully, delicately ; they have conquered at chess the lords of the creation in a most pros- trating victory, and perhaps will soon teach us the long-sought music of the spheres- asses likewise have been heard to bray in very gentle- manly and melodious notes, and their hearers , of equal mental calibre have pronounced those notes to be harmony-the learned pig too-Me great, the hi'k It) accomplished Alcinoi dt greqe porcm, hu conjured, played cards, magically told names, gruntingly run through the spelling book, rivalled Euclid" in mathematics, eclipsed Aristotle in dialectics, and it is rumoured, at the time of his awful decease, that he was soberly engaged in an alchemical and astrologiral work menus the nativity-casting Zuriet, and that he has left behind him works containing the much wished discoveries of the longitude and the qua- drature of the circle; and still, my sceptical readers, " whose faith will revtr remove mount tai»»," ye may witness in P «gent-street the in- dustrious fleas surpassing Hercules in his la- bours-labours far more worthy of a place ia the Zodiac, than those of the very extraordinary and widely wandering son of Jupiter and Ale nena. Nay, without musician's aid by plectrum, voice, or fingers, ii» ly.gone times Memnon's granite-statue was heard to pour forth burroo 1 niûtlS and mystic »{rain« ia the rising1 svill', ïdul entrancing me'odies have been warbled in the liquid air by ghosts or rcthcrcal spirits, unseen lyres have burst in awful sounds on mortal ears, -ravens have croaked, owls have hooted and screamed, dogs have howled, and death-watches hove ticked the note ofdnom,mA the Devil him self once left his fiery pah co. to tench a sleeping fiddler [Tartini-See Michael Kelly's Remi- niscences, v. 1. pages 10G, 107.] the sonata which yet bears his name. Sotnnia, terrores mágicos, niiiaciila, saga«, Nocturnos Leonilos, porleiiluqiic-Tlicss.ila ridosï O man, surpassed by "tlicbrutcsthatperish," play thou the organ, the piano, the harp, the lute, the guitar, the hurdy-gurdy, the sackbut, the dulcimer, the psaltery, and all sorts of instru- ments, but blush thou to be conquered by horses, monkies, bears, dogs, sea-serpents, mermaids, rokhs, paris, devs, ghuls, jins, afrits, almorghs, elephants, parrots, jays, sky-larks, magpies, lion-tigers, lionesses, she-wolves, hares, automata, asscs, pigs, and fleas!-by inhabi- tants of earth, sea, and air,-by things natural and unnatural-by beings visible and invisible corporeal and incorporeal : yea, take thou re- fuge from thy wounded vanity in thy reasoning soul ! Alas ! how gravely would Lord Eldon have pondered in judgment on this atrocious con- spiracy ! Again (he says,) under this belief, I am induced to think, that those snarling and musical cynics must in some former state of existence hare been embodied in the forms of some of the asta nishing animals which I have described, that in their present state they have merely retained their tact without their more amiable propensi- ties, and I have a very well grounded fear, that a post mortem examination would reveal the marvellous truth to the soberly demure College of Surgeons, and, eventually cause that scrupu loui society, by means of the evidence afforded to them, to philosophically demonstrate the venerable and august doctrine of the metemp- sychosis. I will not propose the dissection of a butcher, lest I should be guilty of the personal affront of nn argumentant ad hominem. Yet, what truth-revealed secrets would spring forth from their dissecting knives ! notwith- standing these awful implements, I will hence- forth praise the college, because they dissect musicians. Under their spectacled auspices, the croaking jay, erst drcst in stolen plumes; the hoarse raven, lately warbling as a Catalnni; the monotonous owl, lately as variously vocal ;is a Prima Donna ; the gobbling turkey, lately as silvery as n nightingale ¡ the clacking hen, lately melting all into rapture by her exquisite ca- dences ; the stultiloquent crow, lately equal to Calliope ; the peacock, lately rival to Apollo ; the ear-splitting macaw, who in this transitory life was mistaken for Velluti (so mistaken are our mortal senses) and many others, when de- spoiled of their terrene investments would be re- vealed by these incorporate, and all penetrating physiologists, as they really were, and become defunct evidences of a former state of being, to be seen in pickle in their hall, durante bene placi'o, as the Cambridge-statutes elegantly ex- press the duration of supreme will. Alas ! what a co-.versc to Virtutem iucolumem odimus ; Sublataiu ex oculis quicrimus invidi 1 Horace. Or as Mimnermus says, «fÉii'o! yap ùvSpi tîÛvtcc ¿V/iii» eÛKAtiï £ñt'ri <¡i0oi>r¡aai, Ka-Qavovra b" atvíaat. I however omit the compliment, as to their mc tenipsychosis. ? If this does not most amply, anti more than amply bear ns out in nil wc have said of the wonderful displays in this most wonderous book, we shall henceforth renounce. reviewing for ever. Other ex- tracts wc, for the present, reserve. 