POETRY. ORIGINAL. SCANDAL. Is there a mind more virtuous than the rest, Of greater innocence and worth possess'd? Is there a soul that in it's powers unite The pleasing skill to tutor and delight? Is there a heart that does not beat alone With pains and pleasures that are all it's own?— There Scandal lurks; and dog's her easy prey, In all the various shapes that guilt array; Fearful to meet the eye—so vile her form— She seeks disguise to rouse the mental storm: Clad by the changing web of Falsehood's looms, She with each dress a different face assumes To escape man's grasp; whilst in her squallid den She dips her shaft—her mark, the best of men— The bow well strung, she points the venomed dart Against the sin-less breast and guileless heart— Then from her haunt the poison'd weapon flies, And with one wound a reputation dies. The curse is breathed—it's author is not asked-- To spread the rumour ev'ry tongue is tasked, Each soul so base, so bankrupt in it's name, He needs a partner to partake his fame, To share his crime, (though undeserved the stain) And for his sins to suffer all the pain: And Scandal smiling stands triumphant by, And views the sickening heart and fading eye— The cank'ring wound, that deepens day by day, Till both are wreck'd, and mind and heart give way; She smiles to see the slaves of Slander's rod Diffuse her poison and obey her nod, So proudly vain—in all their acts confess'd They stand unawed, the Censor's of the best— Inflicting men with horror and distress; And only sparing him they curse the less. Prompted by envy, with detraction fed, They scourge the living, nor forget the dead; E'en o'er the grave they give it's dust to doom, And violate the unprotected tomb. Ask the young wife, who broken-hearted weeps The solemn vows her partner never keeps— Ask the fond husband, brooding o'er his shame, His scorned affection, and his sullied name— Ask the true friends, their feelings chilled to death By the foul fœtor of detracting breath— Ask the pale orphan, who sits and sighs Beside the turf, 'neath which her parent lies; His fame attacked—and she too weak to save The blasted honour of his friendless grave— Ask all, all these, what friends these curses give. Dost hear it, Scandal? Yes!—and canst thou live? Survive the horror that an answer wrings From harmless peasants and unsceptred kings? Fiend of all fiends—oh, cursed is thy art! Dark, dread, the stream that stagnates in thy heart: Hell formed the texture of thy fearful brain To know no pleasure, save in giving pain— E'en from the torrid line to frozen poles Thy curse extends, thy vicious mind controls; Thy hate of virtue sullies every shore, And knows no rest, but stings to sting the more. Is man so highly blessed, his crimes so few, That sins he dream'd not of must spring from you; So purely virtuous, that without thy aid All crimes would perish and all sins would fade-- Must thy decree, the herald of despair For all that's good, for sin contain no snare? The bad escape thy curse—and well they may; For vipers sting not reptiles such as they: And the pale adder's hood in safety lies Where all that's fairer meets it's doom and dies. Perish, dark monster! may the misery You've caused to others seal thy doom and thee; May it disarm thy sure though random darts, And chain thy tongue and paralyze thy heart, Restrain the horrors of thy blighting breath, And give thy parasites and thee to death-- Then, as thy hideous plagues shall pass away, And grief be lessenend, as thy lies decay; Once more shall peace and love fill all the earth, And man forgive—yes, e'en forget thy birth! G. L. YEATS. SLANDEU.—Of the many revengeful, covetous, false, and ill-natured persons which we complain of in the world, though we all join in the cry against them, what man amongst us singles out himself as a criminal, or ever once takes it into his head that he adds to the number ?—or where is there a man so bad, who would not think it the hardest and most unfair imputation, to have any of those particular vices laid to his charge ? If he had the symptoms ever so strong upon him, which he would pronounce infallible in another, they are indications of no such malady in himself—he sees •what no one else sees, some secret and flattering circumstances in his favour, which no doubt make a wide difference betwixt his case, and the parties which he condemns. What other man speaks so often and so vehemently against the vice of pride, sets the weakness of it in a more odious light, or is more hurt with it in another, than the proud man himself ? It is the same with the passionate, the designing, the ambitious, and some other common charac ters in life; and being a consequence of the nature of such viccs, and almost inseparable from them, the effects of it are generally so gross and absurd, that where pity does not forbid, it ispleasant to observe and trace thecheattbrougli the several turnings and windings of the heart, and dectect it through all the shapes and ap- pearances which it puts on. —Sterne. The Mortgager and Mortgagee differ the one from the other, not more in length of purse, than the Jester and Jcstrc do, in that of memory. But in this the comparison between them runs, as the scholastics call it, upon allfours : (which, by the bye, is open to one or two legs more than some of the best of Homer's can pretend to ;)—namely, that the one raises a sum, and the other a laugh at your expence: and thinks no more about it. Interest, however, still runs on in both cases—the periodical or accidental payments of it, just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive; till at length, in some evil hour, pop comes the creditor upon each, and by demanding principal upon the spot, together with full interest to the very days, makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations. As the reader (for I hate your ifs) has a thorough knowledge of human nature, I need not say more to satisfy him, that my HERO could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos. To speak the truth, he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which, notwithstanding Eugenius's frequent advice, he too much disregarded ; thinking, that as not one of them was contracted through any 'malignancy,—but. on the contrary, from un honesty of mind, and a mere jocundity of humour thev would all of them be cross'd out in course, Eugenius would never admit this; and would often tell him, that one day or other he would certainlv be reckoned with : and he would often add, in an accent of sorrowful apprehension— to the uttermost mite. To which Yorrick, with his usual carelessness of heart, would as often answer with a pshaw !—and if the subject was started in the fields—with a hop, skip, and a jump at the end of it; but if close pent up in the social chimney-corner, where the culprit svas barricadoed in, with a table and a coupie of arm chairs, and could not so readily fly off in a tangent—Engenhis would then go on with Lis lecture upon discretion in words to this purpose, though somewhat better put together. Trust me, dear Yorich, this unwary pleasantry of inline will sooner orlater bring thee into scrapes and difficulties, which Bo nfter-wit ^can extricate thee out of—In these-sallies, too oft, 1 gee, it happens that a pq'r§oilai^Tjfil«it, coneiders himself in the light of. .a -pereoniojured, with all the right df such a situation belonging to him ; and when thou viewest. him in that light too, and reckons up his friends, hie family, his kindred aDd allies—-and musters up with them the many recruits that will list under him from a sense of Common danger j—'tis no extravagant arithmetic to sav, that for every ten jokes—thou has got an "hundred enemies; and till thou hast gone on, and Taieed a swarm of wasps about thine ears, and art half stung "to death by them, thou wilt never beconvinced it is EO. I cannot suspect it in the man whom I esteem, that there i9 the least spur from spleen or malevolence of intent in these sallies—I believe and know them to be truly honest and sportive ;—but consider, my dear lad, that fools cannot distinguish this—and that knaves will not;—and thou knowest not what it is, either to provoke the one, or to make merry with the other:—whenever they associate for mutual defence, depend upon it, thev will carry on the war in such a manner "against thee, my dear friend, as to make the heartily 6ick of it, and of thy life too. Revenge, from some baneful corner, shall level a tale of dishonour at thee, which no innocence of heart or integrity of conduct shall set right. The fortunes of thy house shall totter—thy character which led the way to them, shall bleed on every side of it— thv faith questioned—thy works belied—thy wit forgotten—thy learning trampled on. To wind up the last scene of thy tragedy, Cruelty aud Cowardice, twin ruffians, hired and set on bv Malice in the dark, shall strike together at all thy infirmities and mistakes. The best of us, my dear lad, lie open there—and trust me —trust me, Yorick, when to gratify a private appetite, it is once resolved upon, that an innoeent and an helpless creature shall be sacrificed, 'tis an easy matter to pick up sticks enough from any thicket where it may have strayed, to make a fire to offer it up with.— Yorick scarce ever heard the sad vaticination of his destiny read over to him, but with a tear stealing from his eye, and a promissory look attending it, that he was resolved, for the time to come, to ride his tit with more sobriety.— But, alas, too late !—a grand confederacv, with * * * * * an was formed before the first prediction of it.— The whole plan of the attack, just as Eugenius had foreboded, was put in execution all at once, with so little mercy on the side of the allies, and so little suspicion in Yorick of what was carrying on against him, that when he thought, good easy man ! full surely preferment was o' ripening-, they had smote his root, and then he fell, as many a worthy man had fallen before him. Yorick, however, fought it out with all imaginable gallantry for some time ; till, overpowered by numbers, and worn out at length by the calamities of the war—but more so bv the ungenerous manner in which it was carried on, he threw down the sword; and though he kept up his spirits in appearance to the last, he died, nevertheless, as was generally thought, quite broken-hearted. What inclined Eugeahts to the same opinion, was as follows :—A few hours before Yorick breathed his last, Eugenius stept in with an intent to take his last sigh and farewell of him. Upon his drawing Yorick's curtain, and asking how he felt himself, Yorick looked up in his face, took hold of his hand— and after thanking him for the manv tokens of his friendship to him, for which, he said, if it was their fate to meet hereafter, he would thank him again and again—he told him he was trithin a few hours of giving his enemies the slip for ever. I hope not, answered Eugenius, with tears trickling down his cheek, and with the tenderest tone that ever man spoke,— I hope not Yorick, said he. Yorick replied with a look up, and a gentle squeeze of Eugenius's hand, and that was all—but it cut Eugenius to the heart.—Come—come, Yorick, quoth E-ugenius, wiping his eves, and summoning uj> the man within him, my dear lad, be comforted, let not all thy spirits and fortitude forsake thee at this crisis when thou most wants them; who knows what resources are in store, and what the power of God may vet do for thee ?—Yorick laid his hand upon his heart, and gently shook his head;—For mv part, cried Eugenius, crying bitterly as he uttered the words,—1 declare I know not, Yorick, how to part with thee, and would gladly flatter my hopes, added Eugenius, cheering up his voice, that there is still enough left of thee to make a bishop, and that I may live to see it.— I beseech thee, Eugenius quoth Yortck, taking off his night-cap as well as he could with his left hand, his right hand being still grasped close in that of Eugenius,—I beseech thee to take a view of my head.—I see nothing that ails it, replied Eugenius. Then, alas! my friend, said Yorick, let me tell you, that 'tis so bruised and mis-shapencd with the blows which ***** and *****, and some others have so unhandsomely given me in the dark, that I might sav with Sanco Panca, that should I recover, and " Mitres thereupon be suffered to rain down from heaven as thick as hail, not one of them would fit it." Yorick's last breath was hanging upon his trembling lips ready to depart as he uttered this ; yet still it was uttered with something of a Cervantie tone ; and as he spoke it, Eugenius could perceive a stream of lambent fire lighted up for a moment in his eyes ; faint picture of those flashes of his spirit which (as Shakspeare said of his ancestor) were wont to set the table in a roar. Eugenius was convinced from this, that the heart of his friend was broke: he squeezed his hand, and then walked softly out of the room, weeping as he walked, Yorick followed Eugenius with his eyes to the door—he then closed them—and never opened them more. He lies buried in the corner of his church-yard, in the parish of , under a plain marble slab, which his friend Eugenius, by leave of his executors, laid upon his grave, with no more than these words of inscription, serving both for his epitaph and clergy .—" Alas, poor YOHICK !" Ten times a day has Yvrick's ghost the consolation to hear the monumental inscription read over with such a variety of plaintive tones, as denote a general pity and esteem for him ; a footway crossing the church-vard close by the side of his grave —not a passenger goes by without stopping to cast a look upon it, and sighing as he walks on—Alas, poor Yorick !—T. Shandy, 