THR CLOCK-CASE. \- CONFESSION POUND Itf A PRISON IN THE TIME OF CUA.lll.E8 THE SECOND. I held a lieutenant's commission in His Ma jesty's army nnd served, nliroad in the rum pnigns of 1G77 nnd 1678. The treaty olNimc. gum being concluded, I returned home, ami letinng from llie service withdrew to a suiiill estate lying a fen- miles cust of London, which I hud recently acquired in right of my wife. Tin's is tfae'last night 1 have to live, and I will set down the naked truth without disguise, I was never a brave man, and had always been from my chiluhoon of a secret sullen distrustful nature. I speak of myself as if I had passed from the world, for while 1 write this my grave is digging and my name is written in the Mack book of death. Soon after nvy return to England, my only brother was seized with mortal illness. This circumstance niive me slight or no pain, for since we had been men we had associated but very little together. He was open-hearted and generous, handsomer than I, niorc accomplish! d, and generally beloved. Those ivlio sought my acquaintance abroad or at home because they were friends of his, seldom attached themselves to me long, and ivnuld usually say in our first conversation that they were surprised to find tivo brothers so unlike in their manners and appearance. It was my habit to lead them on to this Hvowal, for I knew what companions they must draw between us, and have n rankling envy in my heart, Isought lojuslifyit to myself. We hurl married two sUtcre. This additional estranged us the more. His wife knew me well. I never struggled with any secret jea lousy or gall when she was present but that woman knew it as well as I did. 1 never raised my eyes at such times but I found here liied upon me ; I never bent them on the ground or looked another way, but I felt that she over looked me always. ' It was an inexpressible re lief to me when we quait'lkd, and a greater relief still when I heard abroad that she was dead. It seeius to me now us if some strange and lenible foreshadowing of what has hap pened fince, must have hung over us then. I wns afraid of her, she haunted me, her fixed and steady luoU comes back upon me now like the memory of a dark dream and makes my blond run culd. She died shortly after giving birth to a child i —a liny. When my brother knew that ell llti|ic «if liis -i\vn recuvery was piut, he called my wife ; to his liccl-siiie mid confided this orphan, a child of four years old, to her protection. jrc uc. ' ?jucnthed lo him nil the property he had, and willed that in case of the child's death it should ' p.iss to niv wile as the only acknowledgment he coulJ mul.c her Tor her cuie and love. Ue ex changed a few brollicilj uordt with me de ploring our long separation, nnd being ex- i liMustcd, fell into a slumber from which he I We hail nn children, and as tlierc had been a ' strong uffection between the sistcis, and my ' wife had almost supplied the place of a mother ! to this boy, she loved him as if he had been her | own. The child was ardently attached to her; ! but he was his mother's image in face and spirit and always mistrusted me. j I can scarcely fix the date when the feeling first came upon me, but I soon bct;au lo be un easy when this child was by. I never roused myself from sonic moody train or thought but I , m:iilicd him looking at me: not with mere childish wonder, but with something of the purpose and mcaring that I Imd so often noted in his mother. It was no effort of my fancy. ? founded en close resemblance of feature and i expression. I never could look the boy down, I Jfe feared nio, but seemed bv some instinct lo i despite me while lie Hid so; and even when he drew back beneath my gaze— as he would when we were alone, to get nearer to the dnor— he would keep liis liriuht eves unon me still. Pcrlm|» fhide the truth from myself, but I ilo not think that when this began, I mcditnti-d t'l do him uny wrong. I may have thought linw MvvirrnUe liis inheritance would b: to us, mid may have wished liiln lieud, liut I believe I had no thought of compassing his death. Neither did the idea come upon me at once, but by very slow degrees, presenting itself at ftnt in dim thanes at a very great distance, as men maythink of nn earthquake or the last day — then drawing nearer and nearer and losing something of its horror and improbability— then coming to be part and parcel, nny nearly the whole sum and substance of my daily thoughts, and resolving itself into a question of means and safety; not of doing or abstaining from the deed. While this was gninR on within me, I never could bear that the child should see me looking at him, and yet I was under a fascination which made it a kind of business with me to contemplate his slight and fragile figure and think how easily it might be done. Sometimes I would steal up stairs and ivatcll him as he slept, but usually I hovered in the garden near the ivindow of the room in which he learnt his little tasks, and there as he sat upon a low seal beside my wife, I would peer at him for hours together from behind a tree: starting like the guilty wretch I was at every rustling of a leaf, and still gliding back to look nnd start nrain. Hard by our cottage, but quite out of sight, and (if there were any wind astir) of hearing loo, km a deep sheet of water. I spent diiys in shaping with my pocket-knife a rough model of a boat, which I finished at last and dropped in the child's play. Then I withdrew to a secret place which he must pars if he stole away nlone to swim this bauble, and lurked there for his coming. He came neither that day not the neit, though I waited from noon till niuhtfall. I was sure that I had him in my net for I had heard him prattling of the toy, and knew that in his infant pleasure he kept it liy his side in bed. I felt no nearincss or fatigue, but waited patiently, and on the third day he passed me, running joyously al ing, with lii- silken hair streaming in the wind and he singing— God have mercy upon me I — singing a merry ballad— who could hardly lisp the words. I stole down after him, creeping under cer tain shrubs which grow in that place, and none hut devils know with what terror I, a strong full-grown man, tracked the footsteps of that baby as lie approached the water's brink. I was close upon him, had sunk upon my knee nnd raised my arm to thrust him in, when he saw my shadow in the stream and turned him His mother's ghost wai looking from his eyes. The sun burst from behind a cloud : it shone in the bright sky, the glistening earth, the clear water, the sparkling drops of rain upon the leaves. There were eyes in everything. The whole great universe or light was there to sec the inu.-der done. I know not what he said ; lie cumc of Iraki and manly Wood, nnd child as he was, he did nnt crouch or fiiwn upon me. I henrd him cry that he would try to love me — not that he did— and then I saw him running back innards the house. The next I saw was my onn sword naked in my hand and he l)ing at my feet stark dead— dabbled here und there with blood but otherwise no different from what I had seen him in his sleep— in the simc. alti tude too, with his cheek resting upon his little ham). I took him in my arms and laid him — very gently now that he was dend — in a thicket. My wife was from home that day and would not return until the next. Our bed room window, the only sleeping room on that side of the bouse, was but a few feet from the ground, and 1 resolved to descend from it nt night and bury him in the garden. I had no thought that I had failed in my design, no thought that the water would be dragged and nothing founn, luitt tlie money must now lay waste since I must encourage the idea that the child ivns lost or stolen. All my thoughts were bound up and knotted together, in the one ab sorbing necessity of hiding what I had done. How I felt when they came to tett me that the child was missing, when I ordered scouts in all directions, when I gasped and trembled at every one's approach, no tongue can tell or mind of man conceive. I buiied him that night. When I parted the buuEhs and looked into the dark thicket, there wns a glowworm shining like the visible spirit of G°l upon the murdered child. I glanced down into his grave when I had placed him there nnd still it Clciimcil upon his lireiist : an eye of lire looking up to Heaven in supplication to the stius that watched me nt work. I had to meet my wife, and break the news, and give her hope tlmt the child would soon be found. All this 1 did— with some appearance, I suppose, of being sincere, Tor 1 was the object of no suspicion. This done, I sat at the bed room window all day long and watched the spot where the drcadrul secret lay. It was in a piece of ground which had been dug up to (re newly tuvftd, and which I had chosen on that account ns the traces of my spade were less likely to attract attention. The men who laid down the grass must have thought me mad. I called to them continually to expe dite their work, ran out and worked beside them, trod down the turf with my feet, and hurried them with frantic eagerness. They had fimMicd Ihcir task before night, and then 1 thought myself comparatively tafc. I slept — not as men do who wake refreshed nnd cheerful, but ldid sleep, passing from vague and shadowy dreams of being hunted down, to visions of the plot of grass, through which now a hand and now a foot and nuw the head itself was starling out. At this point I always woke umUlole to the window to make suie that it was not really so. That done I crept to bed again, and thus I spent the night in fits and starts, getting up and lying down full twenty times and dreaming the same dream over and over again — which, was fur worse than lying awake, for every dream had a whole night's suffering of its own. Once I thought the child was alive and that I had ncvir tried to kill him. To wake from tlmt dream was the most dreadful agony of all. The next day I sat at the window again, never once taking my eyes from the place, which although it was covered by the grass, was as plain to me — its shape, its size, its depth, its jugged sides, nnd all — ns if it had been open to the light of day. When a servant walked across it, I felt as if he must sink in ; when he had passed I looked to sec that his feet had not uorn the edges. If a bird lighted there, I was in tcrmr lest by some tremendous interposition it bhould be instrumental in the discovery ; if n breath of air sighed across it, lo me it whis pered murder. Tlierc wns not a sight or sound how ordinary mean or important soever, but was fraught with fear. And in this state of cCHEelcss watching I spent three days. UQ tliu rouifti, lllCie mine 10 tllC £UU; unc who had served with me abroad, accompanied by a brother officer of his whom I hud never seen. I felt that I could not hear to be out of sight of the place. It was a summer evening, and I bade my people take a table and a Bask of wine into the garden. Then Isat down with my cliair upon the grave, and being assured tlmt nobody could disturb it now, without my knowledge, tried to drink and talk. They hoped that my wife was well— that she was not obliged to keep her chamber— that they had not frightened her away. What could I do but tell them with a faultciing tongue about the child ? The officer whom I did not know was s down-looking man and kept his eyes upon the ground while I was speaking. Even that terrified me '. I could not divest myself of the idea that he saw something there which caused him to suspect the truth. [ atked him hurriedly if he supposed that— and stopped. ' Tlmt the child has been murdered ?' sm'd lie, looking mildly at me. 'Oh, no, no! wlmtcould aninn gain by murdcringa poor child ?' /could have told told him what n man gained by such a deed, no one belter, but 1 liclri my peace and shivered as will, an ague. MiNtfikmg niv emotion tlitv were endeavour ing lo cheer me with the liope (hat the boy would certainly be found— great cliccr that was for me— when we beard a low deep howl, and prciemly there sprung over the wail two great dogs, who bounding into the garden repeated the low baying sound we had heard before. ' Blood- hounds!' cried my visitors. What need to tell me that ! I had never seen one of that kind in all my life, but I knew what they were and for what purpose they had come. I grasped the elbows of my chair, and neither spoke nor moved. 'They are of the genuine lircenY' said the man whom I had known abroad, 'and being out for cicrcisc have no duuU escaped rrom their keeper.' Both he and his friend turned to look at the dogs, who with their noses lo the ground moved restlessly about, running to and fro, and up and down, and across, and round in circles, career ing about like wild things, and all this time taking no notice of us, but ever and again lift ing their heads and repeating the yell we had heard already, then dropping their noses to the ground and tracking earnestly here nnd there. They now began to snuffthe earth more eagerly than they had done yet, nnd although they were still very restless, no longer beat about in such wide circles, but kept near to one spot, | and constantly diminished the distance between j themselves aud me. At last they came up to the great chair on which I sat, and raising their frightful howl once more, tried to (ear away the wooden rails that kept them from the ground beneath. I saw how I looked, in the faces of the two who were with me. ' They scent some prey,' said they both together. ' They scent no prey I' cried I. ' In Heaven's name move,' said the one I knew, very earnestly, ' or yuu will be torn to pieces.' ' Let them tear me limu from limb, I'll never leave this place !' cried I. ' Are dogs to hurry men to shameful deaths? Hew them down, ' There is some foul mystery here I said the officer whom I did not know, drawing his sword. ' In King Charles' name assist me to secure this man.' They both set upon me and forced me awny. though I fought and bit and caught at them like a mndnia.ii. After a struggle they got me quietly between them, and then, my God ! I saw the angry dogs tcaiing at the earth and throwing it up in the air like water. What more have I to tell ? That I fell upon my knee*, and with chattering; teeth, confessed the truth and prayed to be forgiven. That I have since denied aud now confess it again. Tint I have hem tried fur the crime, found guilty, nnd sentenced. That I have not the courage to anticipate my doom or to bear up manfully agninsl it. That 1 have nn compas sion, no consolation, no hope, no friend. That my wife has happily lost for the time those faculties which would enable her to know my misery or hers. That I am alone in this stone dungeon with my evil spirit, Riid that I die to 