BBM— — — — WB— .. ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. ' To thv Editors of The Colonial Obsbrvbr. Gentlemen — Having been present at the open ing of the Synod of Australia, on Thursday last, there appeared to'be'something'requiring explain- tion in the' proceedings inregard to the choice of a . Moderator or, Chairman. -At least I could not understand what had been going on. in the mattei beforehand, and I could "not ascertain on -what principles the choice was usually regulated. Would you be good enough to;give the public some in. formation on the subject ? I am/ Gentlemen, 'Vmip most obedient Servant. A. PRESBYTERIAN. In reply to the question proposed ;by our correspondent, we have to state that in the General Assembly of 'the Church of ^Scot land, it is usual for the out- going Moderator to nominate ;his success,' or as our correspon dent-will observe from our last number was done 'by the '"Rev. Dr.Mackellar, of Pen- caitiand, 'the Moderator of'f'8'40, Whorit-the last meeting of the Assembly nominated ;as his'successor the Rev. Dr. -Gordon, of'Edin- burgh, -who 'was chosen unanimously. It is hot to be sqpposed, however, that the out going Moderator nominates 'his 'successor solely on his own views of propriety- or at his own -suggestion. He is always under stood to consult the "former Moderators, and such other clerical friends as he can rely on in reference to the nomination, and it is uniformly in accordance "tilth their joint -re commendation 'that that nomination is made. In conformity, therefore, to this practice of the Mother Church, the Rev. Mr. Tait, the old Moderator of the Synod of Australia, nominated as his -successor the Rev. William M'Irityre, A. M., and that nomination having been seconded by Dr. Lang was "carried by a great majority. It is not to be supposed, however, that Mr. Tait undertook this -responsibility on -His own view of propriety exclusively As there were no old 'Moderators cif the. Synod to consult, he consulted with his own . par ticular friends among the ministers, -and nominated accordingly. The Rev. Mr. Atchison, of Wollongong, observed indeed that it was customary in the Synod he had belonged to in Scotland to adhere to the principle of rotation, and as Dr. Lang was at'the.'head of the list as the oldest member of the Synod, arid one to whom the Colonial Presbyterian' 'Church was much indebted, he conceived the Synod were 'bound to elect him as their Moderator, unless they were prepared to shew cause why he should not be so elected. Mr. Atchison accordingly proposed Dr. L., and his motion to that effect was duly seconded. Dr. Lang could not fail to perceive the slight- which had thus been put upon him ; and he would have been strangely deficient in right feeling if lie had not felt it. Unwil ling, however, that anything concerninghim- self personally should give the Synod a moment's annoyance, foreseeing that some such motion as Mr. Atchison's would be made by one or other of his brethren as a matter of course, and desiring exceedingly that some other fit person should occupy the chair, as he had several most important measures to bring forward, which he would have been precluded from doing if lie had been Moderator himself, be did not wait till Mr. Tait's motion should be seconded by the member engaged to do so beforehand, or till some counter-motion had been brought forward that - would be sure to di vide the . Synod, but instantly seconded it and recommended it strongly himself. It would be wrong to ascribe the slight that was thus put upon Dr. Lang to the little jealousy that is sometimes entertained . towards those! who happen to occupy a more prominent arid influential position; in the -estimation of the public, than ourselves. It is impossible to suppose that such feel ings could operate in the quarters we refer to; although, it must be confessed, they are sometimes found -operating most power fully where .they are least suspected. We incline rather to ascribe the circumstance to an overweening desire, on the part of certain of the brethren, to gratify the Com- taittee of the General Assembly in Scot land,1 to whom it would probably hot have been agreeable to have heard of Dr. Lang's being chosen.Moderator of the Synod, im mediately after his return to the Colony. 'For as Dr. L. had nbt only represented to Her Majesty's Government that the Church of Scotland' had Entirely neglected the Presbyterian population of this Colony for Haifa centuryj or until the: year d 837 , but had also .informed the Government - that the Assembly's Committee had since that period sent out to this Cblo'riy an tiri- precederitedly large 'number of inefficient and useless -ministers, as -compared with the whole number they had sent, the Gommittee had a down upon Dr.. L. and wrote, out to certain influential meriibers of the "Synod that' they ought "n'o't to have Re solved on receiving him into their body without adjudging him-previouly to a species of penance of some kind for his.pastoffences. Aud the members of Synod to whom this communication was addressed, having had occasion lately to'publish a pamphleton the Maitland and Parramatta case, "Were "so dnfcious -to have this -fact generally known in the Colony, that they brought it forward not fewer than -three -times in -thesaid .pam phlet — thereby giving the Colony to under stand that Dr. Lang was indebted for the place he now holds in the Synod mot "so much tokis own deserts'as' to their excessive charity, and christian ' forbearance. .Now this was-too bad, and it would almost provoke us to conjure up the ghost of the old 'Colonist once more to frighten those who'actW strangely into something like pro priety. The union of -the old Presbytery and Synod of New South Wales, rind the -merg ing of both of these bodies' into the Synod of .Australia, was effected on the terms of an agreement voluntarily entered into by sill the parties concerned in October, "1838. To that "agreement, which neither contem plated -nor -admitted -of any compromise on either -side, Dr. Lang declared his voluntary adherence in his personal communications with the Assembly's Committee in Edin- ;' buRgh, 'in -September, 1839 ; rind he would most certainly have considered it so disho nourable on his own "part to have purchased admission into the Synod of Australia on any dther terms, that if suh terms had been' prescribed 'by the Synbd on his return to the 'Colony, in thfeface df/thb positive agree ment referred -to, he would instantly have renounced- his Government salary, if ne cessary, and throw himself eritirely upon his people, arid left the Synod to do their best ;, for as the old Scots Church 'Trustees, who. were appointed in 1-826, were -not subject uii wmuu xne iusc iew weeKS.ro unyoi xne recent enactments respecting Trustees, there "was no power in the Colony that could have, interfered in the case supposed. In these circumstances the communica tion respecting Dr. Lang from the .Assem bly's Committee was merely a -useless and gratuitous ebullition of .private pique and personal hostility ; and the active zeal of those who took such pains to make that communication known in the Colony, (to induce the belief that Dr. Lang was -in debted for his present position to the Chris tian charity and -forbearance of his bre thren), was, to say the least of it, quite un called for. 