Tho Council will this dnv be required to vote thu Estimalo of the Police and Gaol Exjiendlture for 18-12. Wo enrnustly call upon nil the honouriiblo members who nru not servitiita of Government to votk aoainst tho Etithntittt, iuul, in nddition to such voles, to record once nioro their united, solemn, and dollborulo protest njjainst tho contiuuntl pernutration of this gioss utul .scandalous injustice. Wo assert that in this mnttur nny lmlf-und-hulf men siii'ch are ridiculous, uny hcifitutinrr conduct is iv failure in duty. No doubt thu IC-ilhvmto must pn.ss. Hut lut his Mxciillcncy bu coiiiju'IIhiI, in oi'clor to pnsa It, to ivqniro tho olllelal votes of (ho OlIL'ers of tho Crown, Stand aloof, yontloinon, from iIu'r imjiiHt tnul tyrannical thing. Tho country is luokiiifr, tit yon, nnd i'ii]\iiix-s, nt your hiunls, 1111 uiiflluchtu|r tlliiclmriju of 3*0111 rlrnr nnd olivlous duty. Why, how uici'istMiu'' is it th,!( now thnt ansigniuinit has cchikuiI, now fhat the only slindowofn bIiiuIo of nn nxcuso tliut liuni'iii ingonulty could (IovIko for tho Imposition of this tax in withdrawn, that tha. Colony bIiouUI now bo cailud upon tu vote so ninny .housaiuls of pounds for the jnaiiUeuauco mhI coiilroal of Iliitltih criminals, a innin-' ten unco and coutroul which should ns cleuvly proceed from Englund, n.s in thu exactly -larallul case of Nuwgato prisun, or thi! Millbituk 1'uiiitGutiary. Whnt ! nru \vu to bo trilled with, nnd lauyhoi! nt, ami sj)ocinl pleaded with year uftcr yi-ar, and bu treated likn bo inuuy slaves living uiuiov n worst- than Ktissian dusjiotism ? Is this ' hnrd barguiu' to be foict-d upon ns, despite of nil ju.-tice nnd truth, and in opposition to our respectful prayers, our clear nnd unanswt-iablo stato mnnts ugnin niul iijruin repiMitud? No, we Kijy, let meuijjcrti tint alone spenk out, but act, in ?(?fusing oh f;-r as lays in tbuir powiT, to volu the money. Perhaps, when His tixi*elle.ncy's next despntch to Lord John Uiissell informs that noble Lord that the vote was pnssed hy means of tho officials of tlio Crown only, nnd that uo in dependent member would have any part 01 sharo in the tyrnnnical infliction, the Se cretary of StutG may think it expedient to tnku some moasuro to redress the grievance. Or, perhaps, in this ense, it will for the fust time occur to tho mind of Mr. Mother con lit 1 _v, ns ho is passing over London Bridge, that he may stand a fair chance of being somo duy thrown into the Thames, uinbiulla and all. Tho grievance under which wo gronn is ?bad enough in itself, but is much 'worse, nnd pointed with ten-fold aggravation, when wo remember from whnt source, out of what ways and means, this £92,000 is annually defrayed. I3enr in mind, colonists, impress it upon your recollection this day, Members of Council, that this large sum of money, which, contrary to the recorded pledge of Lord Ripon in 1S31, contrary to the expressed sentiments of successive Se cretaries of Stiite, contrary to the eternal and immutable principles of British justice, wo are called upon to furnish, comes out of our Lund Fund, that it is subtracted from thnt Fund which is the essential source of our prosperity, that it. is filched from that hitherto flourishing branch of our income, which is and must be for many years to come the originating clement of our welfare. Why, with whnt-ndmirable. consistency does tho Land Board act, when it is silent upon this monstrous subject? Messis. Torrens, Elliott, and Villierscan 'advert' to New South Wales, they can write at great length nnd with a candour that is perfectly edifying with an im partiality that is quite entiancing, upon tho merits of the two systems of emigra tion. But, why does not Colonel Torrens, why does not that sly old man, Mr Gibbon Wake field, who stands in the background pulling tbo strings, why do not Messrs Molesworth and Leader at hoc genus omna stick to their principles ? Why do not thr-y act upon the cardinal and first maxim of Wakeueldism, which sets forth '? thnt the proceeds of all Crown Lands shall be ex pended in the introduction- of emigrants to cultivato those lands, and make them available ? ' But, no ! not a syllable have they written to the Minister recommending the restoration of Ihe half million of money of which we have been robbed? Not a word have they got to say, in furtherance of Mr Grote's most equitable motion. Knowing the facts of tbo case (and it i.s idle to suppose that they do not know them full well), why do not they assert tho Wiikefield principle in all its integrity, and require the restoration of the balance due since 1835? Then would- they have plenty of money wherewith to work their bolovcd Government system, and have the merit of showing themsolves consistent into the bargain. But, no ! Mr Torrens has other cards to play. He hates and detests this Colony. The fact is on record, and there is ' no mistake' nbout it. Ho is in the strictest sense of tho word ' our Philistiue.' And acting as such, ho takes especial care that wo shall be cursed with the infliction of tho woist parts of tho Wnkefield system, while ho denies to us tho benefit of the best, and only wise principle which that codo possesses. He can give this Colony the special survey feature which benefits the monopolist nt tho expense of the com munity, he can dnmnge (he Lund Fund by selling thnt Crown Lnntl at £1 per acre, which by public nut-lion would fetch .£30 or £50. And yet, when a case of injustice Is brought hoinn to his honest conviction, when he i.s called upon to recover a sum of money, the proceeds of tho sale of Crown Lands, which has not been expended in emigration, he refuses to stir hand or foot in tho matter! It just comes to this. If Members of Council content themselves with making mere protests, wo shall have this iniquit ous bunion thrown upon us to all eternity. So long ns his Excellency can get his sup plies voted, why should ho fly in tho face of ' my Lords of tho Trc usury V We desire to say, however, thnt wo are quite awaro, thut tho Governor's real opinions are in favour of the restitution to us of tho tnouoy, or tho money's worth. Wo havo too strong n bulluf in his Excel lency's piitmtrntion nnd soiino of jus tice to think for 0110 moment thnt ho In our real opponent In this mutter, But ho U compelled to net nt tho bidding of his civil Miperlors. lie Iran received his in struction;) from hoad-quartiirs, and It la his ofUciul duty to enrry them through, But let him do so alone, or with tho uid of (Iiohu officers of his (Jovariimout who are bound by tlmir tenure* of office to nfflrm hln formal sentlmonls. To you, Goutlomon, who bear the proud title of liiiloponclotU Members of Council, tv'e say, Coma out of thn camp. Keep your hauds clean of this obnoxious thing. Vindicate your independence in the eytts of nn observing people. Roinernber thnt this monstrous states of nonrepresenta tion will not last for ever. rJucollect that the days of tho Legislative Coun cil nre numbered, nnd rescua, while; timo still' serves, tho body to which yon belong, from the reproach, ns yet unparul Itiled in its application, of a long, use less, uiitl evil mediocrity. Knliveu the umcotic atmosphere of Macquarit! street by tha doinij of ono dcud of real iudo p«ndt-nct'. Kiiuoble tho eluding scene of the senatorial druina by lit least one act of diguilied dctt-rmiuutiuti. By tho resistless force of public opinion j by the sacred claim of insulted justice* by that noble ambition, which some of you may yet nourish, of standing hereafter in a^egiMlativiJ Assembly ns thes elected re presentatives of a free and Australian com muuity, we appeal. Neglect to spend well and wisely these closing and precious hours of your public career, uud you assuredly peiish. Already the eye of political fuith sees the coming blessings of political liberty ; al ready tho enr of political hopelistens to the deepening roll of these approaching chariot wheels. Thnt day of freedom must dawn at last. It will be a day of retrospective reckoning. The ghosts of pnst deeds of tyranny will 'be evoked from their prison houses to confound the doers thereof. Tho Greek drnmntist represents the Titan as, warned in vain, that, however long his unchecked career of mischief, tha avenging bolt«of Jove would full at lust! that however ho might think ' Clc rov A/oe Kipavvov tKK\i)affii)V [iia.' nevertheless, ' AXX.', *ii\9ti- avrii Z/jvoc aypv7rvoy ft'tXoc, Kar«i/3un;e KipavvoQ, iKTruiuiv $\6ya, Oq aurov i%nrKi)%i rtuv'v^ijyoptDV Koinraofiarwv, Qfitvac yap hq avrac rvtriit;, E^it-paXa-O*;, K(tSj/3poi'r»j0*j oQivoc, Km vvv, &xptiov; Kai irapifopov de/iac Kttrai, ortPtoTTov n\iioiov SaXaooiov, Ittovjuvos pl$aimv Airj-ftmj- v-ko.' Is there any honourable' member who will apply to himself these words of iEs chyliiD, nnd set hia h'ouso In. order nc cdrdingly ? o- ? Two Bills were brought before the Coun cil on Tuesday last, one being thu Bill for the carrying on of the Auction Compnny for two years, and tho other, a Bill ' for facilitating proceedings by and against the Hunter's River Steam Navigation Com pany.' Both of these Bills are referred to a Sub-Committee with instructions to report thereon. With reference to the Auction Company's Bill it is quite proper that the Compnny should be enabled to collect its debts. By .the assistance of three gentlemen, share holders of the Company, that body has been enabled to meet its liabilities, nnd it is but right that by means of the operation of thr3 Bill, these gentlemen should be held harmless, and that the surplus funds dire from tho public, should be equitably distributed amongst the shareholders in this unfortunate and badly- managed con cern. We have only one more observation to address to the shareholders themselves. Why do you not take care that your two houses in George-street, for which you pny £800 a-year, are sub-let to responsible tenants? The Company is doing no busi ness now, and indeed, is not allowed, as far ns this I3ill goes, to do nny. Surely it is advisable to save £800 n-yenr. It is better to hold your premises rent froe, instead of being so much money orrt of pocket. The Hunter's River Steam Navigation Bill is also very properly introduced. Tho Company will now bo enabled to sue niul be sued. We conceive that his Excellency hns adopted a very wiso course in declining to allow nny Company whatever, which may hereafter apply for nn Act of Incor poration, to discount with its available funds. There nre plenty of ' discount shops'' nlready in the Colony, and it is obvious that the over-speculation which is now producing such bitter fruits, has been occasioned by the facilities .of discounting which have been afforded, not to the hard working nnd middling class, but to a cer tain set of parties. We trust that the Governor will per severe in this salutary rule which ho has laid down Tor himself, nnd whenever Acts of Incorporation expire, to decline renew ing the Charter of anijps%orrtpanies who profess to discount With their available oapitul. Tho most Important businoss to ho dis posed of iu Council this day is, the Esti mates for the Police and Gaol expenses for 1842\. The discussion of theso was fixed for this dny, nt the request of Mr. James Maenrthur, In hopes that some satisfactory intelligence might possibly be receivod iu tho mean time from tite Homo Government on the nulij«et. We presume, that the only thing which will be dune ,w 1 11 bo a repetition of the protests of tho last two years. Little effect however is to bo anti cipated. Sir George Glpps obsorvod, the other dnVi that if the Homo Governmout did ain/tftiny it would be in tho shape of a specillo -/rant to promote emigration to tiiis Colony, but that it would, hu was con vinced, bu vain to hope for any restoration of the Land Fund, The new Govornment-hoit'K-, which Iiiih been no long ruioded, mid bo long iu aounii) of erection, will not, it In said, no llnisliud fur onu year, in consequence of tlm dillliMtlly .which Ih exporioucud in obtaining (Irst-iiitu wurkineiti mich uh cnrpeiUuiH, &«, Tlm Governor stated the other day, that tin delay ut iiroHout wuc, in (lonsuqunneii of not being ubltt to got good cnrpuriierHj thorn wern fourteen tlinn omployud, nnd It was thought daugurous to employ Inferior work* men, lost thoy should spoil tlio world Tin: CosoEnT. — Th«s« lugubrious limes | give n welcomo to any relief in shnpe of public nmusctnonts, wo Jhorafore wait, with | pleasing anxiuty, to Mr Nathan's Conceit, j to-morrow evening. We have already ex- | pressed our satisfaction at the contents of the programme, and- nt the principle on which the entertninment is to 'bo con ducted ; that is to say, it consists-of Unlit elegant pieces, culled from various I'uvourito English Op-mitUs. We have also good reasons to btTiuvo, that tho execution will bo ns salisfuetory n.s thn principle of thu Concert is novel It would be superfluous to advert to Mr. Nathan's claims as a lirst rute musician of loiifr Htuiiiliug : (heiiu nre wt.ll known. Wo f«;el assured that tho Australian public will not shew themselves lt-R3 capable of appreciating them than 'bthi-r communities, nor less ready nnd willing to patrouizr* and encourage thorn. The judge*), having concluded their nr raugeniuiits us to taking Circuit, have nti uouncod their inluutiun of taking tho rurioiiH place.11 in n public notice as follows: Circuit Courts. — Their Honors the Jm'ges of tho 'Supremo Court have, this day, ar ranged for holding the ensuing Circuit Courts in the following manner, via. S— Maitland, Gib September, Mr. Justice Ste phen ; Berrimu, lath September, Mr. Jus tice Burton j Hut hurst, 27th September, the Chief Justice. Supremo Court, Sydnev, 3l.st July, 1811. The public should he on their guard against tnking spurious half-crowns just now, as there is reason to believe that a considerable number of them have been put into circulation of late. A convict tiHmi-d Ellis, uttnehed to 11 gang in the domain, has been committed to take his trial for coining material, apparatus, and sundry ziuco lead 'half-crowns having been discovered in his possession. Li order to meet the expenses for postage and stationery, in the Sheriff's department, it has been 'deemed expedient, by the judges, to increase certain fees charged in the Sheriff's office;. and their honors-have made tho following orderou the subject :— ' SnuriiKF's Fkks. — Iu the Supreme Court of New South Wales. Wednesday, the seventh day of July, in the yenr of our Lord, ono 'thoii'ianil eight hundivd an^. forty-one. It is ordered thnt the fees to bo taken by the Sheiilf, be amended in tho followiujj particulars: — 1st. For and upon every writ requiring to be sent by the post to Hiiy place within the County of Cumber land (to cover postage and stationery) the additional sum of sixpence, und beyond the County of.Cuinberlnnd, one shilling — 2nd. That iniltsSgc shall be chargeable upon the cxecutiou of all process at a. greater dis tance than one mile from the Sheriff's oflice, or residence of the bailiff, at the rate of nine pence per mile out; and at tho same rate for cnrrjing to gaol a party ar rested. 3rd. Kor every caption of a de fendant, ten shilltiigaaud sixpence. Signed, James Dowling, C. J , W. W. Burton, Alfred Stephen.' On Saturday last, Mrs. Mathews, con- victed on the evidence of the man Bachelor, who has been committed to take his trial for perjury at Parramatta, for sly-grog- selling, and committed to Newcastle Gaol in default of payment, has been discharged from custody, and was received on Sunday morning, in Parramatta, with marked de- monstrations of satisfaction and pleasure. Mrs. Wate, convicted on the same evidence, was discharged from Gaol on the Saturday previous. We understand there are yet two women, in Newcastle Gaol, who have been convicted of sly-grog-selling on Ba- chelor's evidence. No doubt Mr. Hunt has found this game somewhat profitable, as many parties have paid; but such an out- rageous system should at once be put down, and not suffered and encouraged as it has been by the authorities in Parramatta. We had expected before this that some oflicial notice would have been taken of the manner in which business is conducted in the Police Court of that town; and we are somewhat anxious to hear what the At- torney-General will say as to the propriety of receiving Bachelor's evidence since his committal. It is with grent pleasure tint wo notice the rapid improvement which is tnking place in the productions of artists in Syd ney. The number of tho latter is certninly increasing, which may account for it j nnd if proprrly supported, ns they, should be, our closets and our drawing* rooms will no lougrr require importations of third and fourth rate drawings and paintings to adorn them. There is ample innterinl for the pencil nbont Sydney : and we linvt* before us nearly a dozen sketches mid dinwtngs, taken from various points about Sydney, Above all, we would recommend persons, having friends in England, to take nd vantuge of the chenp nnd en*y opportuni ties afforded them of transmitting to their friends some of these very elegant little sketches, to prove that Sydney is something more thuu n congregation of wooden houses in tho midst of scrub and brush, The Bushrangers in and about the Yass district, appear not to bu wholly sup pressed as- yet. On Monday July 2Gjh, an armed man stopped u carriage contain ing Mr. J. C. Stewart, and Mr. Welsh and family. Tho party not being able to offer any resistjjncn, not having any fire arms, they were riflluil to a considerable amount. Information was giyen soon afterwards to the Police, who set off in pursuit. We understand that Hymen is about shortly to deprive the turfof ono of its most respectable votaries, one to whom Sydney is in a great measure indebted fo'r the Homebnsh Races. The lady, whose name Is mentioned, is tho daughter of 11 wealthy and highly respectable member of tho legal profession. Horse-racing is ucver without danger to the rider, arid steeple- chases abound in broken necks and limbs : so we are not in any way surprised that the fair one should have insisted on a binding clmiso precluding her future spomo from risking himself in nuy of the dangers of the field. Tho wooden pnvomentlaid down close by St. Jnrnus1 Church hns, we should imagine, hud ns fair a trial us can be given to it in mrch a situation, ns, except orr Sundays, thoie is very little passing or ropnssing'on it. A large quantity of the blocks have been prepared, and fur some time past un dergoing n process of seasoning. Tho sooner rnoro of tho pavement Is hild down the better, By lato papers, from England, wo learn, that all London is to bo paved with wood, as tho oxporhnonts triod in Oxford-street and olsowhere in tho Metro polis, have , answered ovury expectation. ThiTo can ho no doubt that it would answer equally well horo, and anything would bo hotter than for tho stniots to remain in. tho way they nre now. The Governor in very properly deter ininod to discourage discounting as far as he possibly can, not only by speaking irgolnst tho' practice in Councll)«but by rii I'uHlng to grant to nny Companies, not alroady incorporated by Act of Council, the power of ournloylng their surplus pnid up capital In discounting. For this pur pose Sir George struuk out from the Hunter's Itlvor Navigation Bill ho much of it as wont to give that Company such powuv of discounting, Wo ri'giut to imnr, that Catarrh Is pro vnllliig to a oniishlimiblo oxtunt imioiigHt Nhoiip In tho Bathurst Dlstrlut. Several shoop ftinnors have -uiffimul sovorply( but, If proper euro und attention be given to thu flocks, the dlsonso may be nrrosted in-lorn its I'uvugos sprciul to nny alarming uxtcut, Death of a Young Cha-iimst.— Among tha di'.nlliH announced in a recent number of the Hereford Times, is thnt of Henry Foargus O'Connor Brouterre O'Brien Vui cent Tozor, infant son of Mr S. Tozisr, ?lumber, of Berrington-struot, in that city — Glasgow Argus. Wo regret to understand that Sir George Gipps 1ms refused to^do anything in the way of increasing jho 'pay of the constables of thu Sydney Police, alleging ns a reuson, that, his orders, from home, to ruheneh in every department are too positive to admit Qf any Infringement in favour of any b dy of men. Wo had hoped to see something done iu order to render thu corps more respoetublt! by reducing the temptation to accept bribes. Wu still trust that thu modo of disposing of lines levied under the l'olicn Act will be nmelioruted, nnd some provision tiindu for old and deserving public servants. 