Wmmmm^Mmmm:/-M^á MMM«^^^ ^W4îlT»t*»tr»«tlon that ^saason'AAtó'i'^ |%Í«W¿r^ctÍba'á^Aer'r^f^^^' > s¥ " f » ,\, 'Around Our wand'rltuf thoughts repose, A . «evtewouifcelveit/whustmlrror'd plain f» - The past still in the rtèm'ry glows f . " ' And search tho, secrets ofthe heart,' .And lay the inward bosom baie, -, , ' And bid, far henee, eachvice départ" '<> i >i>-Which"ha» crept'in.'tineonielou», lhere. ', It bids Us maïce'â Arm resolve t * w To follow, vlrtuo's sacred path," For ere a feW short hours revolve Sound we may sleep the sleep of death ;" -Aml-from the experience of the past To guard the futuro from all blame, i That, when we leave this world at last, Oars may, be an unsullied name. For none time's rapid wheels can stay, Or urge the moments faster on, i 'Tis ours alone the present day, ,, To-morrow I who can call his own ? Then wisely spend each passing hoar, t Each little moment as it files, And Btore for thee, whilst in thy power, A srood memorial in the skies. ! " ' P.M. January, 1841. PRINCE AMIERT AND THE QUEEN.-Last autumn, when on a visit preliminary to the British court, the young Queen and he used frequently to wander amongst the shady-wooded walks of Windsor. On one occasion, on returning, her bonnet was slightly bent back round its front ; the Prince, it appears, had been thinking more of the' woman than the Queen, as a gallant khight, and hail, in some pressing attentions to the Queen, committed a plight trespass upon her milinery The young ladies of the court perceived at once the slight derangement, but were delighted with the improvement, and immediately, as soon as etiquette permitted, hurried to their mill ners, gave orders for the now fashion of bonnet with turned back fronts, and secured their Royal mistress in her'future littlo wanderings from betraying ap- pearances-for where all were alike there could be no suspicion of particularity. Such was the origin of the Albert Bonnot, and so attractive and be- coming is tho fashion in the bright eyes of young ladies-that, Uko its origin, it is now almost universal. ADVENTURES IN THE RIFLE BRIGADE-To those who are unacquainted with John Kincaid, of the Rifles,-and few, we trow, of the old Peninsula hands are in this ignorant predicament,-and to those who know him, we equally recommend the perusal of his book : it is a fas simile of tne man,-a perfect re- flection of his image, veluti in specula. A capital soldier, a pithy and graphic narrator, and a fellow of Infinite jest, Captain Kincaid has given us in this modest volume the impress, of his qualities, the beau ideal of a thorough-going soldier of service, and the faithful and witty history of some six years' honest and triumphant fighting. The book itself looks part and parcel of a Rifle- man. Trimly bound in a green jacket, its fire is brisk, desultory, and effective ns that of the buoyant corps it fitly represents, every sentence sounding ns shnrp und searching as the crack of a rifle. Each discharge is a point blank ami unerring sketch; and, excepting "The Subaltern," which, however, Í3 a work of a different oi tier, there is nothing e\tunt in the simpo of a soldi«'s journal which, with so little protension, paints with Mich truth and raciness tho " domestic economy" of campaigning, and the down- right/lui'mess of handling the enemy. Seasoning his military " Ach entures" with an ino\haustible flow of nativo humour, our author's philosophy, of the true school militant, is pat and irresistible os the logic of Falstaff, without, however, the hollow egot- ism of the men y knight; for. though the bold and facetious Rifleman he his own hero, he is ever John Kincaid in his proper and familiar person. But what eau we extract by way of specimen for our readers ? We fairly confess that we aro puzzled to choose, having skirmished through the volume without the power to call a halt; the march of our glee and the author's pages keeping an even pace. , We shall therefore take a few samples at hazard, beginning with the following : " March 12th (1811). We stood to our arms be fore daylight. Finding that the enemy had quitted tho position in our front, we proceeded to follow them; and had not gone far before we heard the usual morning's salutation of a couple of shots, be- tween their rear and our advanced guard. On driving in their outposts, we found their whole army drawn out on the plain, near Redinha, and instantly quarrelled with them on a large scale. " I TO. one of a crowd of skirmishers who were enabling the French ones to carry the news of their own defeat through a thick wood at an infantry canter, when I found myself all at once within a few yards of one of their regiments in line, which opened such a fire, that had I not, rifleman like, taken in- stant advantage of the cover of a good fir-tree,'my name would have unquestionably been transmitted to posterity by that night's gazette. And however op- posed it may be to the usual system of drill, I will maintain, from that day's experience, that the cle- verest method of teaching a recruit to stand at at- tention, is to place him behind a tree and fire balls at him ; as, had our late worthy disciplinarian, Sir "David Dundas, himself been looking on, I think that levon he must have admitted that he never saw any ' one stand so fiercely upright as 1 did behind mino, while the balls where rapping into it as fast as it a fellow hail been hammering a nail on the opposite ,sidc ; not to mention the numbers that were whistling post, within the eighth of an inch of every part of Di} body, both bcfoie and behind, particularly in (ho vicinity of my nose, for which the upper part of the tree could hardly afford protection. "Mrtreh lOlh. We, this day, captured the Aide. .de-Camp of Gen. Loison, together with his wife, who \vas dressed in a splendid hus&ar; uniform. He was a Poi tugúese, nnd n traitor, and looked very uko a man who would bo hanged. She was a Spaniard, ajjd very handsome, anil looked very like a woman 'who would get mamed again." After the storm of Ciudad Rodrigo, our hero thus moralizes : " There is nothing in this life half so enviablo as the feelings ot a soldier after victory. Previous to a battle, there is a cert'iin sort of something that per- vades the mind which is not easily defined ; it is .neither akin to joy or fear, and probably, anzielt/ may >bc nearer to it than any other word in the dictionary; .hut when battle is over, and crowned with victory, jhe'fiHuVhimself elevated for a while in-the regions of absolute bliss ? It bad ever been the summit of my ambition" to attain a post at the head of a storming ¡party :-my wish had now been accomplished, and gloriously ended ; and I do think that, after all was .over, and our men laid asleep on the ramparts, I strutted about as important a personage, in my own opinion, as ever trod the face of the earth ; and had ?the ghost of the renowned Jack-the- Giant-Killer itselfpassed that way at tile time, I'll venture to say that I would have given it a kick on the breach without the smallest ceremony. But as the sun 'began to rise, I began to fall from -the heroics ; and when he showed his face, I took a look at my own, and found that I was too unclean a spirit to worship, for I w as covered w ith mud and dirt, w ith the greater part of my di ess torn to rags." The operations connected with tho battle of Sala, -manca ore sketched with much spirit, especially tho .surprise by the I'Veiuh um airy of Lord Wellington's reconnoitring party, near Caslrejon, on tho morning of the 18th July. Of this interesting and animated ?mi'lée, a lh ely account has appeared in the United Service Journal tor March 1829, in our " Sketch of the Battle of S ilatnnnoa," by the writer of a series .of the Peninsular operations, commencing with the *storming of Ciudad Rodrigo. By the by, wo observe with satisfaction a marked .ftnd'legitimate correspondence, in treating of tho «Ailie subjects, between tho accounts of Captain Kin- caid and those of tho authov of the admirable Sketches alluded to. As these papers will speedily appear in ia collected form, our gallant rifleman will recognize in their writer a Camarado from the ranks of the old .Light Division, and one who was abo on the identical [picquet which beheld the jeopardy of head-quarters " on the 18th July. > "Marmont came down upon us the first night with .a-thundering cannonade, and > placed his army en matte on the plain before us, almost within gun-shot. J > was.told,that, while Lord Wellington was riding along the line, under a fire > of artillery, and accom- panied by a numerous staff, a-brace cr Grey-hounds, > an'the pursuit of a hare, passed clo°eto him. He -iras at the smasW^^s^^^tion'with'Gen., W^^^WOÏ^mm^rh' kllfwrwh«? he-returiiéd,^ sMtoéiaieeWn» CesaWUdnvte-ChM^ ailfíiotfiiftfliatéMir^*^''' 'ni *,.}"., > -'f We;«tatted after them (the French) at daylight next morning,; ¿(after"the battle of Salananea»Y and, crossing'at,a ford pt the Termes, we found their, rcar-gaard, consisting of three regiments of infantry, with «omo, cavalry, and artillery, posted on a for- midable height above the yi|lage''of Serna. iGetl. Block; with jus brigade of heavy German Dragoons, Immediately Weiß at thews and purimg thefe-cavtfry to flight, he broke through their infantry, and took or destroyed', the'whole of ttiem.' This was one Of the most gallant charges recorded in history. I saw many of these fine fellows lying dead along with their horsoahon which they t were i still astride. With the sword! firmly. grasped' in the hand,- as they? had fought;the instant before; and several of,them still wearing "a look of firm defiance, which death .Itself had been unable to quench. " we halted for the night at a village near Peñaranda. I took possession of the church ; and finding the floor strewed with the paraphernalia of priesthood; I se- lected some silk-gowns and other gorgeous trappings, with which I made a bed .for myself in the porch, and where1, if.' all had been gold that glittered/1 should have looked a jewel indeed; but jt is lamentable to think, that, among the multifarious blessings we enjoy in this life, we should never be able to get a dish of glory and a dish of beefsteak on the same day ; in consequence of which the heart, which ought properly to be soaring in the cloudB, or, at «11 events, in a castle half way up, is moro generally to be found grovelling about a hen-roost, in the vain hope, that, if it cannot get hold of the hen herself, it may at least hit upon an egg ; and such, I remember, was the state of my feelings on this occasion, > in consequence of my having dined tho three preceding days on the half of my inclinations." ' We must hint, en passant, fo our unpraotised author, that in leaping, rifleman-like, to his conclusion, he has overlooked the typographical errors which abound in his book, very many of his proper names, &c.; being impropoi ly given-all which should be remedied In his Second Edition. Vittoria, and the affairs of the Pyrennecs, &c.; Sec. aie vividiy touched. We have spoken of the Author's philosophy ;-mark with what ease and sami-jroid he bandies a combat, as it were a luncheon, and then to dinner with what appetite he may. "We advanced next morning, and occupied our former post at Bera (on the Bidassoa). The enemy still continued to hold the mountain of Eehelar, which as it rose out of the right end of our ridge, was, pro- perly speaking a part of our property ; and we con- cluded that a sense of justice would have induced them to leave it of their own accord in the course of the day; but when, towards the afternoon, they showed no symptoms of quitting, our division, leaving their kettles on the fire, proceeded to eject them. As we approached the mountain, the peak of it caught a passing cloud that gradually descended in a thick fog, and excluded them from our view. Our three battalions, however, having been let loose under Colonel Barnard, we soon made ourselves ' Children of the Mist ;' and, guided to our opponents by the whistling of their halls, made them descend from their ' high estate ;' and, handing them across the valley into their own position, we then retired to ours where wo found our tables ready spread, and a com- fortable dinner awaiting us. This was one of the most gentlemanlike day's fighting that I over expe nenced, although we had to lament the vacant scats of one or tw o ot our messmates " But wo cannot lollow any farther ;-recommending every one of our readers to pul sue the author lmnsclt to his crowning scene -at Waterloo, where they will find lum as quaint and orgmal as at his debut. We assme thom, it is not possible, by isolated extracts to gue a suitable impression of the spirit and origi- nality which never flag fiom beginning to end of Capt. Kincaid'« volume ; in e\ cry page of which ho throws out flashes of native humour, a ty the of w hich would make the fortune of a Grub-street Bookmaker. 