COMPULSORY TEMPERANCE. The 'Advocate' does not possess the me chanical facilities of the London Times or the Sydney Herald, or else we should cer tainly have taken up an amicable discussion "with the latter journal, and have attempted a reply to its leading article of the 20th inst. in our own number of the following day. A week's interval has deprived the subject of its freshness ; yet we trust the topic is sufficiently important to arouse the atten tion of our readers. The question under discussion is, whether it be lawful and expedient for the Colonial Legislature to i prohibit the importation and manufacture of ardent spirit. The accident of the fiscal dependence of the Colony upon Downing- street we leave out of consideration, for the sake of discussing the abstract point. The lawfulness — that is, the legislative right of interference is, we presume, a portion of1 the debate already . conceded. And avowing, as we have done before, that Temperance Societies, as such, ought not to solicit the aid of legislative enactments, we exclude them from the discussion and arrive at the single point of political expe diency. For it is allowed, that if the anni hilation of spirit be practicable, the direct and immediate suppression of it is much to be desired. The non-expediency side urges the pro bability of smuggling ; and the desperate struggles which may ensue between a weak executive and strong transgressors ; or between powers of restraint and transgres sion, each of great force, but very nearly balanced. We are inclined, however, to think the argument will not hold good in respect of prohibition, and that it will not apply to the circumstances of the Co lony. I. In respect to prohibition, the actual tiling, aimed at, as distinguished from a dis couraging or prohibitory impost, it will be observed that it is far easier to forbid than to check the use of any article. As soon as a restricted commodity passes into the hands of the consumer, it is presumed that it has paid duty ; and the encouragement of smuggling is found in the demand occa sioned by a general consumption. But, when an article is prohibited, the actual existence of it anywhere, in any specified quantity, is a proof that it is contraband ; and ensures correction. In. proportion to the ease with which offences are detected, and the certainty with which punishment follows, does the law become efficient. In comparing the ease with which correction must follow upon a law of prohibition and a law of restraint, the advantage is decid edly in favor of the former. Smuggling can be stopped by prohibition ; it has a thousand means of evasion under mere restraint. And in respect to spirit, it is an article which so soon reveals its presence, both by its odour and the consequences which follow its use, that our ordinary police will be quite sufficient for its disco very, as soon as an interdict is laid upon it. II. The circumstances of the Colony- are not favorable to smuggling. To carry out a profitable system of smuggling there must be great facilities. In Britain there is a dense population, both on the coast and in the interior. Hence a power of lobour can be brought to bear upon any one point, without exciting particular sus picion ; and when brought, is sufficient to ensure success. But it is not so in New South Wales : a large gathering at distant points is almost impossible. Our sparse population prevents this. In Britain men are oftentimes unemployed, and are urged on to dangerous enterprises by want. In the Colony, all are too much occupied and are too well fed, to engage in hazard ous pursuits. I HI- Smuggling depends, for its success, on popular opinion. The popular opinion of the Colony, we have no hesitation in saying, is decidedly against the trade.- The merchant is fully aware that his profit on spirit is small in comparison with his. profit on other articles, and upon ah extended commerce. Settlers know lull well that the existence of their flocks and herds, depends upon the sobriety of their servants. Even the. consumers declare they would rejoice at the extinction of rum but, that while it is to be obtained,, they must have it. The only parties whot uphold the traffic are the retailers — a frac tion of the population, and too impotent to sway the public mind. We are assured that a person of known character and business tact, might go- through the length and breadth of the land, and procure a mass of signatures to a petition against the traffic, which would be demonstrative of public opinion in this respect. The last eight years' agitation of the subject, has not proved abortive ; a degree of enlightenment has obtained which promises success ; and hundreds now enslaved by ardent spirit, are ready to bless the hand that shall disenthrall them. So far from expecting a mortal struggle, and fearing the baton of the police, the cold steel of the military, the whizzing bullet of the coast guard, and the heavy metal of Her Majesty's navy, we believe that the traffic would quietly yield up the ghost under the dread array of " Be it enacted." The whole question resolves itself into this ; is the Colony ripe for the change ? We think it is. Care should be taken to let the public speak, and if the popular Let Temperance be thy companion, so shall health sit on thy brow." P -'ft',"-, .t i" r voice should prove , to be, as we anticipate, Jn favour of absolute suppression, then the expediency is rendered self-evident, and the whole matter is settled. ; - It will doubtless be asked, why the people do not shut out the traffic by their J-ahstinence ? Simply from these two cir- \- rCumstances the English always defer to Zii&SiL; respectability lent to any thing by "' legal sanction or high authority ; and nthre are thousands who have no strength ; Ito reform themselves, though they see the -desirableness of being reformed. Prohibit Spirit, and the brand of disgrace is eflfetu- ; ; ally placed upon it. Prohibit spirit, and the aid to reformation is granted aiid grate- / fully received. Let it ever be remembered that the first enactments only viewed . - /spirit as an expensive and daiigerous ' luxury. A new light has sprung up ; vh-r spirit is: shown to be a poison— and poison whh physi'cSal" arid _ moral''" disasters.- ; A poison whic raises more resistance to the l /.law, than the aggregate of all other pliysi- V -r ;cal and moral antagonisms. So that, instead of the weapon being unsheathed to sup- ... /port the enactment we suggest ; its pro- ( - mulgation would rather be the signal for / 'general peace. The tranquility of the Colony before spirits were introduced— ' Hlie good order of Port Macquarie before it V£, . ,was thrown open— the present regularity Moretori Bay, and the comfort of any etty.pliyate settlement -while' the rum keg ,in is excluded, are striking. facts to show the f ? - f I ' f / « ,) little caq.se there is for apprehension -in ! fH;;deislative 'enactment. . The rpeifia-iddbo- u , (. . assured . that it ( 'orily advocates 1 pej"4ien it proposes s ;to -the legislature , , as j an .act, of duty, tlie.p the / 'traiffic in ardent spirits. .,4 | '..',7 '/>J 1 Butdefe us not '.hje misiqn j d'6!i ' lj; hot fecbmmehd the fTempera'nee Society to ;ri address the Legislature : ...but we givei an, . opinion that it is' the duty of the; rLegisla- v«" ; -'.ture to seize the golden opportunity whicli tlie present condition of the Colony pre- ' '.'sents' ' arid we further say, that : the y' 'ColOmsts woiild consult their best interests, j4y,.plqadihg with the /Legislature to help . ,' h/them; in. their wish to give a final blpw ; to traffic.;'. ; 