THE LAUNGESTON COURIER. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. We Lave received our files of Sydney papers to the 14th instant inclusive. Tbey contain no intelligence of importance, but are princi pally occupied in discussing the policy of im posing a restrictive duty upon foreign grain. It is proposed to fix an ad valorem duty of fifteen per ceut. upon all grain imported into the Colony, a measure which was supported by petitions from most of the large and in fluential districts. It is confidently stated by them, that New South Wales possesses within itself sufficient capabilities for supplying the demand of its inhabitants without the aid of importations, and that unless some protective duty be established it will be utterly impos sible to compete with the importer. It is clearly an attempt to create a monopoly, which, how ever successful, can never be of long duration. The overplus produce of this colony must find its way to the Sydney Markets, and even with the addition of fifteen per cent, would meet with ready sale. It is very short sighted policy indeed, on the part of the grain growers, of the sister Colony to adopt any measure having a tendency to reduce the price of Van Diemen's Land wheat; and as for the restric tive duty, the grain of this Colony has always averaged fifteen per cent, higher price than the growth of New South Wales, on account of its , superior quality. A new Insolvent Act had been introduced into the Council by Mr. Justice Burton. In the course of a debate in the Legislative Council, on Thursday last, the Colonial Se cretary stated, that he believed the time would soon arrive when a bill would be laid upon the table which would alter so much of the Road Act as related to the main. and cross roads. In his opinion, it'was the business of the Govern ment to complete the roads in the first instance, ' and having done so, that they should, when completed in portions of from ten to' twenty milps be handed over to commissioners to be kept in repair. The Commissioners should be empowered to erect turnpikes upon such roads, levy tolls, or borrow money on the turnpike trusts, as in England, to repair them. Such a measure would relieve the Government from giving its attention, or expending its labour on a road so completed, and enable it thereby to perfect the main road in a much shorter time than can be looked for under the present sys tem. As soon as the main road was finished and handed over to Commissioners, the Go vernment should then undertake tjje cross roads and proceed with them in a similar manner. And in selecting the cross roads to be first worked upon, he thought the utmost considera tion should be paid to the degree of assistance and facility the inhabitants of the districts af forded in co-operating with the Government. We had penned some observations upon the memorial, fnow in course of signature, but in consequence of the above important announce ment from the Colonial Secretary, we have de ferred them, to give time for considering upon this new proposal. At present, we are certainly inclined to give it the preference; it appears to us, reasonable and'just. .The Gazette of this morning contains a notification that the tenders from persons desirous of contracting, to supply the towns of Hobart and Launcesion with pure water, are extended for one month, namely, to the 1st of November next. ? Lkva Sase.— -An extensive sale of Crown Lands, will take place at the Court House, Hobart Town, on Saturday, the Sad October nest. The Theatbe. — We are happy to say, this place of amusement is becoming better attended than at first. On Thursday night, their was a crowded house, when were performed, ..the Melo-drama of the, ' Idiot. Witness, or a Tale of Blood,1' and the amusing face of ' My Husband's Ghost' Mr. Thompson's acting in the Melo-drama was particularly arfectins,'4-is--»ct4on graceful and adapted to the character. Air. Watson sustained the part of the Idiot admirably throughout, so much so, that, (strange as the compliment may appear) none but an idiot could have performed it better. Mrs. O'Flaberty acted as page to the Queen ; but this cha racter is not well suited to her particular talents. Mr. Searle make an excellent Dame Tugscull, and as usual went through the part with great accuracy. We under stand that a project has again been mooted; for esta blishing a permanent theatre in this town, to consist of a certain number of shares at fifty pounds each;* we have no doubt it would prove a profitable speculation, and is certainly very desirable as a place of amuse ment. Publicans' Lamps — Informations were laud last week against several of the licensed victuallers in this town for not keeping their lamps lighted between suu 'set and sunrise on the 17th inst. The cases were all dismissed, and the constables instructed for the future to call up any publican whose lamp was extinguished, and if he refused to light it, then they might lav an in formation against him ; but not otherwise. We may here remark, that on Wednesday night last, which was exceedingly dark, the Government lamps at the bridge were not lighted at all, and any stranger might very _ easily have walked into the river. Against whom* ought an information to be laid for this neglect? Furniture ? A splendid assortment of furniture ha, arrived in the Andromeda, shipped by Mr. Robert Bell which is now on view at his warehouse. It will be found well worthy of inspection, being novel, elegant, and of the latest fashions. New Church - The interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new church, was performed on Wednesday last, in the presence of a large number of the inhabitants. A procession was formed at St. John Church, consisting of the committee, the church wardens, singers, clergy, children of the Sunday school, &c;, which moved to the scite at the corner of Cameron and George- streets, when after the usual proceedings the stone was formally laid by Major St. Maur, com mandant. Underneath were deposited an inscription, together with a sovereign, half-a-crown, shilling, six pence, and four-penny piece, of the reign of Her Ma jesty's Queen Victoria. An address was delivered by the Rev. W. L. Gibbon, on the ground, and in the evening, the Rev. R. R. Davis, preached at St. John's Church. A collection was made after the service, to wards raising a sum necessary to complete the church ; the amount collected we understand, was about forty pounds. It was remarked as rather a singular fact that both at the evening service and at the ceremony, by far the greater part of the audience were dissenters. Norfolk Island.— The Governor stated in Council yesterday, that by direction of the Secretary of State all the convicts on Norfolk Island who are not within three years of obtaining a ticket-of-leave are io be removed to' Van Diemen's Land - Sydney Herald. Loss of the David ? This vessel has been wrecked on the coast of New Zealand, and four lives lost. She had a full cargo of oil, and was about to return to this port. We hear that both vessel and cargo were fully insured. The intelligence was received by the William from Sydney, but full particulars are at present unknown Supreme Court ? The Criminal Court will open' here on Saturday next; the Civil Sittings will com mence on the following Wednesday. There are^no cases of particular interest for trial. Sweepstakes ? The following are the entries for the Sweepstakes of 50 sovs. each, hf. ft., for2yrs. old. One mile heats. To come off at New Town Races in March next. It will be the largest stake ever contended for in this colony. ' We hear the favorites are the Fairy Queen* and Victoria: — Mr. W. Field's r. h. Gratis, by Peter Finn, dam Miss Erolic. Mr. W. Kearney's b. f. Victoria, by Wanderer, dam China Legs. Mr. Robert Jones' b. f. Fair Ellen, by Bolivar, dam Bouncing Nan. Mr. W. O'Connor's b; f. Miss Coffee, by Wanderer, dam not named. Mr. R. Dry's jun. b. c. Camel, by Wanderer, dam Countess. Mr. R. Dry's c. f. Manny by Little John, 'dam Jessie. Mr. W. T. Macmichael's b. f. Fairy Queen, by Mozart, dam Fatty. Mr H. Gee's — h. Hibernia, by Wanderer, dam not named. — Hobart Town Advertiser. We direct the attention of the Surveyor of roads to a few holes on the other side of the Sand Hill, a little re paration at the present time will be advisable. New Zealand ? Sales of Land.— If. appears that the proceed of the late land sale was £21,199 9s. The amount to be paid by officers of. government, for lands reserved, and taken at average price, is £2,976, 8s. 9d. The highest price given for land, at the government sale, was at the rate of £1,600, and the lowest £2 per acre ; the 'average being £569 per acre. On these prices, such purchasers as could be induced to re-sell, realised considerable profits; and, at present, lands in the best situations readily sell at advanced prices. 