MISCELLANEA. ALOSO RIDE AND a DIVHCULT OKE.—Edward Manning, the jockey, is engaged to ride to the East Indies. He will start for Calcutta in tbe course of a few days.—Tvne Pilot. Tut Bah.—1 have sometimes witnessed a great deal of overbearing insolence from barristers of every standing, but never except from men naturally coarse, and, like some Solicitors that I have described, mere adventurers, though often successful ones, in their profession. What a «ontrast to such men was Garrow, Best, Vaughan, Gurney, and even Sir Vicary Gibbs ! And in the present day, though Campbell is supposed to be difficult of approach, ! never found him inaccessible; while Wilde and F. Pollock will readily and kindly listen to every word, whether to the purpose or not.— Brougham was another most ready listener, as well as a most efficient advocate. I believe that many regret yet more than he docs himself that he ever left the bar for the bench. Erie, though reserved, is always courteous to formality. Talfourd is not only courteous bat cordial j and R. V. Richards pays more good-natured attention to one's case, and tights it through with more vigour than any man I ever met with, except WUda or .Gurney, The success of Law and Thcssiger, distinguished as they both unquestionably are for forensic power, is perhaps yet more to be attributed to their frank good huTiour. I never employed Follett, and therefore am unable to speak of his merits or demerits in this particular.—Adventures nf an Attorney in Search of Practice* SNAKSPEARE, MILTON, AND POTATOES—It ia to fashion that the potatoo owes ils general cultivation end use. If you ask me whether fashion can pessibly make a nation prefer one sort of diet to another, I ask you, what is it that can make a nation admire Shakspeare ? What is it tliatcan make them call him a " divine bard," nine-tenths of whose works are made np of such trash as no decent man, now a-days, would not be ashamed, and even afraid, to put his name to 1 What can make an audience in London sit and hear, and even applaud, under the name of Shakspeare. what they would hoot off the stage in a moment if it came forth nnder any other namel What can make them endure a ghost, cap a.pie,—aprince, who, for justice'sake, pursues his uncle and his mother, and who subs an old gentleman in sport, and cries out "dead for a ducat! dead?" What can they see to delight them in punning clowns, in ranting heroes, in sorcerers, ghosts, witches, fairies, monsters, soothsayers, dreamers, in incidents out of nature, in scenes most unnecessarily bloody 1 Again, it is the fashion to turn up the eves when Paradise Lost is mentioned ; end if you fail herein you want taste; you want judgment even, if you do not admire this absurd and ridiculous stuff, when, jf one of your relotions were to write a letter in the Sjime strain, you would send him to a mad-bDuse . onS take bis estate.- These books are in Jasiidjifi Every op® is ashamed not to be in'faahiow! it ia the fashion to extol potatoes, and to eat potatoes. Every one joins in extolling potatoes, and all the world like potatoes, or pretend to Tike them, which is the same thing m effect.—WiUiam Coblxtt. A HIKTTOHTHE Amre.—The walls had a novelty of da'coration not peculiar to Afghanistan, as I have seen it in India, tbongh never so well done as in the rooms I speak of; the chnnam or plaster being stamped when moist and plastic, and worked into a pattern, over which a varnish of powdered talc is spread, which mora nearly resembles the richness and hueofnew and unused fiosted silver plate than anything I have seen elsewhere. This might be introduced in London—» veiy cheap and elegant drawing-toom decoration.-—Kennedy i Campaign of the Army'qftheJndut. • How JS IT 1—1 havo remarked, and Gil Bias mother did tbe same thing,, that women generally Jie'i i great dislike to their aons' wives.' This is tbe more remarkable ai they are always fond of their wnsMn- law. ;."•"'.: AUEBICANISUS.—The Editor of tbo •Gauutlet.W I Now. York, ia the boy fit u long , nose, so long indeed, that his wife has to writeoll the leaden, for when he tries to write, his nose Tubs out bis ideas; as lie -csmmita' them to paper.—Telu! Thunderer. The Gauntlet must give'jn to ourftiend over the wayinthe Herald office, who neverfirod a j-ifie but once, and then the 'bullet ^grazed the: point of,hie proboscis.—Nern York Mirror. ;What isthisto|the fellow who scribbles in the Sostnn Trumpet, whose wife never begins to cook his steak till she sees ihe point of his nose.ot the top ofSilver-Btreet, and then she's tarnation sure he will be in sight in an hour after.—Vermont Journal. The Spiflicalor says there is a man in that city whose nose is so large that nobody can see it at once, they are obliged to look twice. AN EQUCSTIUAN AMATEUB.—It is soon very ob' vious to the molly groupa assembled on Blackneath, that tbe gentleman is quite a novice in horsemanship, this being probably, his first essay in the artlie appears to maintain bis equilibrium with some difficulty, and no wonder, for one stirrup is considerably longer than the other. He dismounts, but finds it impossible to remedy die defect. Again assuming his seatconscioustliat many eyes behold his equestrian performances, and that he is " tho observed of all observers," be summons up new courage, nnd actually gets his llosinante into a brisk trot, when, oil at once, the creature stumbles in a deep nit and pitches his rider over bis head. Tiro or three seconds suffice to restore the little man to his legs. More frightened than hurt, be lookB round for his better half, who has been watching his movements, and who now hastens towards him. A shout of laughter and derision assails him on all sides. Never mind; he will at least find consolation from his affectionate partner in life. " What a fool you are, Jenkins! exclaims the -latter, on approaching him-; "the older you get, the more ridiculous you make yourself: 1 told you some accident would happen 1" The owner of the horse also, with a broad grin, gently reprehends hiinin the following terms:—" You don'toftenride,sir,—should have kept hised veil up, an* it im vith the stick, jest to keep him alive!"—" Who larnedyou to ridej r '-- " Does your mother know you're outl" and similar other contemptuous expressions of the bystanderg, greet his ears in all directions.—A Summer's Day at Greenwich. APRIL FOOL On the first of April, a dentist in New Orleans was called upon and requested to make nil haste with his instruments to a house high up in Magazine Street, to perform an operation:—on arriviug at the house ho ascertained that it was to set the teeth of a handsaw. BAnnENCouNTnY.—There is a county in Virginia where tho land is so sterile, that when the wind is at the north west they have to tie up the children to keep them from being blotvn away—when the dogs bark they hove to lean against the fences— thegrass-hoppers cry (liemselves to death for Jack of food—the horses are so thin that it takes twelve to make a shadow—and when they kill beef they have to hold the animal up to knock him down HARD EIU'CCVMENT,—To work half your life masing a fortune and then be obliged to spend the remainder of your days in watching that fortune, 'just for your victuals and clothes, is what I call a thundering hard cose. KNOWI I M;I'..—An honest farmer was asked why he did not subscribe for a newspaper? " Because, said he, "my father, when he died, left me a good many papers, and I Laven't read them through yet. GOOD.—A physician at Bath advertises for a wife and says he adopts these means, " avoid the tedium of courtship! ". FORWARD CHILD.—"Is'nt he a fine child ?" said a young mother to a visiter, as she proudly exhibited her first born. " The handsomest boy as I ever saw," WOB of course the instant reply of the old batchelor to whom the apjieal was made. "Yes; bless his little heart!" exclaimed the better-balf author of the little bantling? "and so very forward of his age, don't you think!" " Very forward," said the echo. And as tbe young matron removed the cap from her baby's head, the inesperinced batchelor continued, in evident amazemeut, " Bless me, he is forward; I never saw a person bald-headed so soon." THE PHEW,—HOUSE or COMMONS.—The newspaparjreportera, who dare scarcely to use a note-book in the gallery not many years since, have now a gallery exclusive to themselves, situated behind and above tbe speaker's chair; and it may be truly said that it is to that gallery, not to the speaker, all speeches are now addressed. The style of address oaght to be, if forms could be dispensed with, not " Mr. Speaker," but "Gentlemen of the Press." In the popular asemblies ot Greece, Demosthenes, .ALschines, and the other great orators of that age, always commenced their parliamentary speeches thus—"Athenians!" Our parliamentary debaters do in fact address themselves to the country through the newspapers; and might as well at once begin their harangues, after the Athenian style, by tho word "Britons!"—Saturday Magazine. SIMPLE CURE rod THE RHEUMATISM.—-Boil a small pot full of potatoes, and bathe tho parts affected with the water in which the potatoes were boiled, as hot as it can be applied, immediately before getting into bed. The pains will be removed, or at least greatly alleviated, by the next morning. Some of the most obstinate rheumatic pains have lately been cured by one application oftliis simple remedy. 