TORRENS POETS. In the second No. of the South Australian Magazine, a Mr. Peter Pencil observes, speaking of the Torrens, that not a single Poet, as far as he is aware, has composed a single stanza in its honor. We are astonished at Peter's ignorance of the poetical writers of South Australia, both ancient and modern. Their pages abound with addresses and references to this noble river. A few specimens must suffice for this week. We attach to each the real initials of the author. We should have preferd publishing these extracts through the medium of the Magazine, but, on second thoughts, think it would be wrong to trifle, by delay, with the intense anxiety of the Public. MOOREISH. Flow on thou gentle river, And ere thou reach the sea, The famous Guadalquivir Not more berhymed shall be ; There's not a single cray-fish That hath not earn'd a chime; There's not a little stray fish But he shall have a rhyme; There's not a little blossom That grows upon thy bank ; There is not an opossum That plays his merry prank ; There's not a kangaroo, or Other being near, Omitting not the Brewer Who brews such famous beer ;— Who brews such famous beer, and Lives close beside the bridge, Within that very queer land Beneath the river's ridge ;— But he shall have a sonnet. Or something of the kind, And rhymes, depend upon it, Most redolent of mind ! Flow on then gentle river, Flow on, flow on, flow on ! Oh ! I could rhyme for ever, Thy limpid wave upon ; But I begin to shiver, And shall be cold anon ; So, pretty little river, I think I will begone ! A. B. SPENSERIAN. Thou pretty Torrens ! what a syren noise Thy ripples make as they flow on in light ! All is so picturesque ! the little boys Are bathing yonder ; some are black, some white : And some, on shore, with shirts too scant bedight. How natural, how pleasant, and how funny ! The hot sun almost overcomes me quite ; But now he's sinking ; I'll bet any money That yellow in the wave is sunset, and not honey ! C. D. MOOREISH AGAIN. There's a bower of wattle by Torrens's stream, And the parroquets scream round it all the day long, When Hal Jick—g was Judge it was like a sweet dream To sit 'mid the Wattle and hear the bird's gong. That bower and its discord I never forget ; But oft when alone with myself and my dear, I think,—are the parroquets screaming there yet ? Is the Wattle still yellow as Jick—g is queer ? No ; the Wattle has withered that hung o'er the wave, But Jick—g more bright, and yet brighter has shone ; And even so late as Wednesday he gave Us a glimpse of the fancy we fancied was gone. Though opposed by men double his number and size, He managed his case amid breakers to steer ; And was still, in despite of his nose and his eyes, THE Jick—g,—the clever, the quaint, and the queer. E. F. INVOCATION TO THE TORRENS !!!!! Roll, rapidly roll on, rough, [crashing] river ! Though twirled and twirled, tortuous as Thames, In Winter wide, we mid thy waves may shiver. In Summer shallow as soft Horton James. G. H. RYTHMICAL. Mr. Editor has told us no one writes upon the river, Meaning thereby the Torrens ; then do contributions flag ? For surely 'tis not hard e'en for a blackee to diskiver, That he's fishing just for something where- whithal just to fill his Mag. J. K. [?INTERROGATIVE.?] River, river, [why dost thou] run, Over the pebbles, and under the sun ? Why dost thou run so, river ! river ! Running on always, and that for ever ? L. M. CONTEMPLATIVE. I sit where Torrens pours his fitful stream, And the round sun shoots down his slanting beam. A little bird is perch'd on yonder spray ; Ah, now he sees me, 'cause he looks this way ; And he begins to chirrup, twit, twit, twit ! He very much resembles a Tom-tit, With just a cross of Sparrow.—I declare ! The bird has sprung up right into the air ! Most cruel songster that I ere have known, To leave poor Nancy by herself alone ! N. O. NURSERIAN. Where are you going to, my pretty maid ? Going to the Torrens, sir, she said ; Sir she said ; Sir she said ; Going to the Torrens, sir she said. What are you going for, my pretty maid ? To cross to North Adelaide, sir, she said ; Sir she said ; Sir she said ; To cross to North Adelaide, sir, she said. P. Q. CONSEQUENTIAL. From yonder bank has latterly arisen, What oft arises from both other Banks— A PRISON. R. S. ABRIDGED. It is a noble bridge, and it will last— While all its parts shall hold together fast ! T. V. OSSlANIC. When grey twilight, the ghost of day, stalked forth like the spiritless spirit of the departed, forth wandered I by the waves of the still gliding Torrens. A waddy was in my hand! round the top of my shoulders a Macintosh! The big rolling billows of ocean, like mountains, arose and subsided. Deaf was mine ear to their music, for they were far off out of hearing. Blind were mine eyes to their beauty for they were far off beyond seeing. A star arose from the peak of Mount Lofty. Mine eyes with her soft light were gladden'd. Where ? said I, where is the Country, can show such a river as Torrens. What fish can compete with her cray-fish ? What stones can compare with her pebbles ? What ripples so limpid as hers are ?—A spectre arose on my vision! The son of my mother was frightened ! The figure was that of a female! Flowed her locks, like a dark stormy midnight! Rolled her eyes like a couple of coach-wheels! "Son of Murder!" said she "where art walking ?" I fled like nights' shadows at morning. I beheld in my vision Scotch Bella! W. X. SOUTHEYAN. How very beautiful this river is ! From head to tail—from one end to the other— From down where in the reed-beds it is lost, Up to that chain of ponds, where, far away, I'm told, the Adelaide Association Did take their second survey. Overhead The sky is blue as bluest blue can be; The many mountains make majestic moan, Their fringed forests fretting fiercely fond; All, all are lofty, but the loftiest mount Is that Mount Lofty, highest of them all. But to return to this our pleasant river; Behold the busy Towns that line its banks— Thebarton, Hindmarsh, Bowden, Walkerville, Klemzig, and the great City—North and South. Those too which cluster on its Tributaries— Payneham, and Kensington, and many more. Behold them all, and wonder while you gaze! While speaking of its "tributaries," I Must not omit to mention its most noted; That which in famed Light Square doth take its rise, And pouring its impetuous torrent down Through Morphett-street, but on the other side From that famed office where, each week, is printed "The Adelaide Independent;" (everyday, That is each Thursday—it is published there) Down pouring, as I said, its rapid torrent, Past Hindley-street, and right across North Terrace, Leaving the church just safe, it makes its way Past the old school house, where the Bank was held In days of yore, and where the Methodists Paid worship to our God, and after them The Baptists, and when they had done with it, The little flock of the good Mr. Drummond; Passing this old and antiquated house, As I have said, with tide impetuous, It rushes to the neighbourhood of the bridge, And there—behind it leaving, in its wake, A most prodigious gully—it subsides, Forming a lake which smoothly spreads its breast To catch, and to reflect the hues of Heaven; Just like Charles Mann, when, thundering speeches o'er, He shaketh hands with some congenial crony! Y. Z. 