Original Correspondence. THE GHOST QUESTION. MR. EDITOR--On Monday evening, the 26th ult., an unprovoked, gross, and libellous attack was made upon my professional character by Mr. Rennie. This attack was prominently reported in the Herald of the subsequent Wednesday, and on the day fol- lowing a letter on the subject, written by me, but deprived of its strength by the amputating knife of the editors, appeared in that journal. On last Friday evening public notice was given at the School of Arts that, on the next Monday evening, Mr. Atkins's letter would be read, and a hope was expressed that Mr. Atkins would be present. This information I received from a friend, and on the last Monday evening went to the School of Arts for the purpose of vindicating my character against the attacks of Mr. Rennie, justifying the course which I had adopted, and of exhibiting in its true light the con- duct of Mr. Rennie; but the committee, of which Mr. Rennie is a member, anticipating my appear- ance, and conscious of the awkward position in which one of their number had placed himself, decided, before the business of the meeting commenced, that my case should not be introduced. This decision of the committee, though, perhaps, on general grounds justifiable, deprived me of a privilege to which I was justly entitled, as my presence was occasioned through a public invitation, given, I presume, by their authority. I therefore requested a hearing; I made several attempts to speak; but the lovers of alcohol, of fermented liquors, and of pure water, were so anxious for the introduction of "drink, or not to drink," that the most ardent of them expressed a disinclination to hear my defence. Under these circumstances, therefore, sir, you will much oblige me by inserting in your highly talented journal the preceding preliminary remarks, and the following observations, which are the substance of the state- ments I intended to make--I am, sir, yours respect- fully, THOMAS ATKINS. Sydney, August 3rd, 1841. I take this opportunity, ladies and gentlemen, to thank your committee for the courteous manner in which they complied with my request to offer some observations on the important and interesting subject of debate which was discussed on the last three debating evenings. I also thank your reverend chairman for the respectful manner in which he introduced me to your notice, for the protection which he afforded me to finish my argument, and for the eulogy he passed on my performance; and, ladies and gentlemen, I especially thank you for your attention to my remarks, and the approbation with which they were received. Under these circum- stances, therefore, I deeply regret that any statements should have been made during the debate which, in my opinion, imposed on me the painful duty, in vindication of my professional character, to pursue the course which I have adopted. But the attack made on my reputation by Mr. Rennie was so gross, unjust, and libellous --characteristic of misrepresen- tation, daring assumptions, and unwarrantable con- clusions, made during my absence, obviously in- tended to effect unworthy purposes, and prominently reported in a journal over the reports of which he exerts considerable influence--that, had I submitted passively to his calumny, I should have forfeited your confidence and my own self-esteem. That these assertions are true I will, with your permission, endeavour to prove. But first I beg to make one remark in defence of my particular line of argumen- tation. The question, "are there any grounds for believing in supernatural appearances?" is an his- torical question, and the scriptures contain the most ancient and authentic historical records; and there- fore it would have been an act of injustice to the question, as the subject would not have been fully discussed, if no mention had been made of the supernatural appearances recorded in sacred history. Besides, the evidence derived from scripture forms the basis of the argument, and of this important fact our opponents are not ignorant; and, therefore, to effect the destruction of a fabric which is invulnerable to their logical assaults, they vainly endeavoured to undermine its foundation by means of fallacious weapons; and I affirm, without the fear of contra- diction, that, in constructing the scriptural argument, there was nothing, either in the topics selected or in the language employed, to promote the interests of a particular party, or that could reasonably offend the feelings of orthodox Christians belonging to any section of the universal church. If, therefore, my scriptural allusions did give lawful offence, it must have been given to sceptics, deists, and atheists, and for such persons I should construct a different argu- ment; but, before an audience which admits the authenticity of the Bible, my course of reasoning was not merely legitimate, but indispensably neces- sary. The duty now imposed on me is to show that the characteristics which I have applied to the state- ments of Mr. Rennie are true. The following is an extract from Mr. Rennie's speech:--"He could not let pass the very grave and monstrous errors of Mr. Slatterie, Mr. Rae, the Rev. Mr. Atkins, and Mr. Fletcher, errors which, he was certain, struck at the very root of sound morality and religion, without denouncing them as such, and lifting up his voice against them. The gravest of these errors, more or less adopted by all the above speakers, bears that apparitions are sent to give forewarnings of danger, to discover murders, and the like; and, if so, it is fair logic to conclude that they are the means made use of by Divine Providence for such purposes. Mr. Atkins went even so far as to say that amongst heathen nations now this is the means by which God supplies to them the want of revelation; and thence, of course, it clearly follows that the moral govern- ment of Providence is conducted by apparitional agency. A more immoral, a more irreligious, a more monstrous, and a more absurd and ill- fouuded doc- trine could not be conceived, even if it should be eloquently propounded, and cleverly defended." Mr. Rennie said he could not believe even the most clear testimony on the subject of apparitions. Be- fore, however, I point out the particular features of this declamatory address, I beg to state, in as few words as possible, the substance of my own argu- ment. The difficulty which I felt in maintaining successfully the affirmative of the proposition, with- out trespassing on forbidden ground, induced me to abandon my original plan, which was, to fix on my mind the separate parts of the argument, and fill up the outline extempore, for the more desirable method of committing my thoughts to paper, and adhering to the manuscript. This is now before me, and I beg, as occasion may require, to make from it some quotations. In answer to the question, "Are there any grounds for believing in supernatural appear- ances," I produced the following--the authority of scripture, the deductions of reason, and the testimony of experience. I was particular in stating the nature, manner, and design, of the supernatural appearances, recorded in sacred history. The fol- lowing language was employed. "At this pro- tracted stage of the debate, and before the present assembly, it appears to me to be undesirable to produce, in detail, the large mass of evidence which the Bible can furnish, because the time which I dare occupy would be inadequate for the task. But, were the time and occasion suitable, I might, without the least breach of propriety, expatiate on the nature and variety of those appearances, by noticing that some of them were divine, others angelic, and the remainder human; or, rather, the spirits of disembodied humanity. I could further show that those appearances were diversified by having been made in extraordinary visions, in supernatural dreams, and during the vigorous exer- cise of all the senses of the body and faculties of the mind. The attention of the audience might also be directed to the wisdom and benevolence which characterise those manifestations, how gloriously they exhibit the character of the Most Hligh, His condescending regard to human affairs, and absolute control over all the agencies in the universe." But the supernatural appearances recorded in the scrip- tures received from me only a passing allusion. In conclusion, however, I stated "that the announce- ment merely of those extraordinary facts is sufficient to satisfy the assembly of the reality of supernatural appearances, and that supernatural beings have appeared to the human species." This substance of the argument, derived from the scriptures, may be expressed in the following syllogism. All the historical accounts recorded in the Bible are true; the supernatural appearances recorded in the Bible are some of those accounts; and, therefore, the supernatural appearances recorded in the Bible are true. The reality of supernatural appearances having been established during the long period included in sacred history, I proceeded to assign some reasons which rendered the continuance of them probable. Here I observed "that my first reason for believing that supernatural appearances have been made since the establishment of Christianity is because the sacred volume, so far, at least, as I have discovered, affords no positive, or even indirect evidence, that on the attainment of that mighty object, supernatural agency would be withdrawn from the sphere of human vision. Here I stated the objection furnished by the parable of the rich man and Lazarus, and satisfactorily proved that neither the general parable, nor the particular appli- cation of it, afforded any evidence that the visits of spirits are either impossible or unnecessary. My next argument to support the probability of the continuance of supernatural appearances was stated as follows:--"The general character of mankind, with regard to morals and religion, from the apos- tolic to the present age, afford reasonable ground to believe in supernatural appearances during that period." (To be continued.) Mn. Entron--ln your paper of Thursday last I observed his Excellency the Governor said, in an. awer to a question of Mr. Jones's, " that he was afraid government house would not be finished next year-there was such a scarcity of carpenters." Now, Mr. Editor, I am sorry, very sorry, to think that his Excellency has been so much misinformed of the real state of mechanical labour in New South Wales. It is a well known fact to the working community that carpenters of all trades are the most abundant ; but such is colonial policy that the real state of things is misrepresented to answer cer tain ends. Consult the late emigrants-ask them if they have found a scarcity of carpenters, and have they all obtained employment-it will be found they cannot get work. Is this a proof that carpenters are scarce I No ; but, sir, it is a fact that carpen ters and other mechanics (lately arrived) have actually engaged as shepherds to obtain food for their families. The principal reasons why old hands will not work in government employ ate :-First, government pay is of all the worst ; and, secondly, there are certain overseers employed by government who are not adapted to direct the free immigrant, but rather to drive convicts. Surely his Excellency is not desirous to have such an abundance of carpen ters that they will be compelled to work for what ever wages our liberal aristocracy choose to give; if so, I should pity the poor mechanic who had been persuaded to leave the land of his forefathers, and all its endearments, to depend on the liberality of our old colonists. It will sound very fine at home " that the scarcity of carpenters is such that govern ment house cannot be finished ;" a nice bait for emigration agents to make use of to delude our fellow countrymen. But, sit, to prove that carpen ters are not scarce, but plentiful, I can state with verity that there are at this time many old hands out of employ, and I would engage to procure a sudli ciency of men to finish his lExcellency'a house, or for other government purposes, for remnunerative wages and proper management. I would not have encroached on the limits of your paper did 1 not think it a duty to my fellow tradesmen and the public that these facts should be known.-I remain, sir, your obedient servant, A JOURNEYMAN CARPENTER. Sydney, August 3, 1841. 