NEW PUBLICATIONS. The Sacred Minstrel; being a selection of approved hymns, arranged and adapted to the choicest movements of the most celebrated composers. No. 1 (to be continued monthly). Nicholas, Sydney, 1841\. Price 3s. It is well known to those who are intimate with the arcana of periodical literature that it is by no means an unusual thing for an author to review his own work. When such an occurrence takes place, however, the utmost care is usually taken that the public remain ignorant of the fact; for there are few indeed who have the courage of a Cobbett or a Bentham, to become their own trumpeters. The want of another medium of bringing the abovenamed work under the notice of those for whose benefit it has been undertaken compels us to deviate from the course we should otherwise deem it more in accord. ance with good taste to pursue; and there are two circumstances connected with tihe publication which relieve us from any fear that our motives can be mistaken. In the first place we have not the slightest pecuniary interest in the work, the M.S., though compiled at an i'smense expense, being a free gift to the publisher, for the benefit of tihe public; and, secondly, the poets and composers' names being carefully afixed to the beauties we have selected front their works, we only occupy the legitimate province of a reviewer in drawing atntention to therm. The present number contains five pieces. No I is Dryden's celebrated translation of the Veni Creator Spiritus, and is set (we venture to hope with some degree of taste and propriety) to a beau tiful air of Mozart, in F. The piano or organ accompaniment is given exactly as written by tire composer, and, though the harmony is exquisite, is within the power of any player. The printer has, we observe, committed a serious error in the first chord, which being, however, the Common Chord of the key, can hardly lead any player into a mistake. This hymn and air will, we venture to hope, become a favourite in many families, and in all our schools. No. 2 is an " Evening Hymn," being a new transla. lion, by Dr. Fletcher, of the hymn " Lucis Creator Optime," which, as we believe it is unknown in the colony, we give as a specimen of the poetry of the work. EVENING HYMN. Parent of good-at whose commaitd From chaos burst the glorious light, That (thenceforth, o er thile sea and land Might reign alternate day turd niglht I'ast are the goods and ills of day, Thoturs to thine all protecting might! Now fromn thy servants clase away Th' approaching perils of the night. Oh save us, Lord, from those nmisdeeds, Congenial to these hiurs of gloom, Which sinners love whom passioni luds, Forgetful of their future doom. Teach us on heaven to fix our eyes, The promraised seat of lilb and bliss ; Arid. striving to obttin that prize, hredeoem the time we've splnt auiss. Hear, Father, Son, and Holy tGhost In, Godhead one, inl Pcltons three Aund call us wwih thy heavenly host, To sing thy praise eternally. This beautiful hymn is set to a well known me lody of Gluck, and-facility being everything in a work intended for schools-the accompaniment has been reduced to as much simplicity as was consistent with the character of the original composition. No. 3 is Dryden's translation of the Stabat Mater, and is adapted to one of tile beautifully simple airs of Pergolesi, which the compiler has taken the liberty to transpose from tihe key of E flat to 1'. No. 4 is a hymn for Easter, taken from Haydock's extensive collection, and is set to a favorite melody, in A, by Haydn. No 5 is a translation of the hymn O Salutaris Hostia, by the Rev. F. C. Husenbeth, of Cossey Hall, Norwich ; and is set to a melody, in F, which combines beauty with facility. The work is lithographed by Mr. Nicholas, of Bridge-street; and, although highly creditable as a first attempt, has neither all the beauty nor correct ness that could be wished. The errors are chiefly in the spelling of some of the words, as " choisest" for "choicest," " H?ladyn" for " Haydn," and the like ; there are also a few trifling ambiguities in the music, which must be carefully avoided in future numbers. Indeed, we have seen a portion of the second number, which is already in progress, and is nearly all that could be wished on beauty and correctness. The publication will be completed in twelve num bers, and will form tire only tolerable collection of English Catholic Hymns, set to music, that has ever appeared. 'lThe musical works from whichr the airs are extracted have cost the compiler the labour of many years in collecting, and the work, when finished, will, he ventures to assert, be of a much higher character than most collections of sacred music extant. It is believed by the compiler that such a work is a great desideratum in our schools and country chapels. This is also the opinion of the highest ecclesiastical authority in the country, at whose suggestion tirhe publication was undertaken in its present form (though the materials had long previously been collected) ; and it only remains to be seen whether the public will extend sufficient patronage to it to enable the spirited publisher to go on with the work. The compiler's part of the work is undertaken solely from a desire to extend and improve the sacred music of our families and schools ; and that object can only be accomplished when the publisher shall obtain that patronage from the clergy, from the masters and mistresses of schools, and from the heads of families, which we hope the work will be found to deserve. The Separation Questiont; or, a Rlepublication of the various Petitions and Memorandums adopted at Port Phillip, relative to the necessity of erecting Australia Felix into a separate Government; witlh an Introduction and Appendix. By G. Arden, Esq.: rMelbourne, 1841. The substance of this pamphlet has already ap peared at different times in our columns, and we are of opinion that thire inhabitants of Port Phrillip owe much t to the gentleman who has collected toge thier and edited tihe various documents which fill its pages; for, without at all professing to srbscribe to every word and argument used by our southern neighbours to effect their object, we are hiound to say that they appear to have decidedly the better side of the question, when their proceedings are compared with those of our Sydney "wool kings;" and we apprehend that this also will be thie opinion in England, where the controversy nmust be decided. T'Ihe pamphlet is chiefly intended for thire use of members of parliamtent, and will somewhat more titan match the similar documrnent sent from the opposite party in Sydney, provided thire two reach Loedon in time for the discussion of thie question in parliament. Sr. PATRICK'S ORPHAN SCHOOL, Wrsnsou.-'l'ho Very Rev. F. Murphy has sub subscribed .65 for this ndmirable institution. In our last week's list we omitted to insert thile nane of Mrs. Madden, of Castloreagh-street, who subscribed £1 for thire samne charity. GAs.-Sovcral of the public lanimp posts hIave been already erected in various parts nf tirhe town, and the workmen are busily engaged in crect. ing othlers; there will be eight lamps about thire po. lice oflice and market place; four in tie neighbour hood of the supreme court; and one in front of tirhe post office. l'The company's works in Kent-street ate also progressing very raprdly; and it is confidenttly expccted that in a few weeks more our thriving me tropolis will be enligihtened with Rgas. 