FISHER'S GHOST; a LEOIND OF C A 11 I'll EI.LTOW NT, From Tegg's (Sydney) Magazine. The incidents in the following tale must be familiar to many of our readers, especially to those in Campbelltown and its neighbourhood. We have trusted solely to memory in drawing up the statements, the inaccuracies, however (if there be any), can only be of minor importance ; the principal portions of the tale may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the problem of. the appearance of" Fisher's Ghost," contenting ourselves with sim- ply telling tlie tale as it was told to us. Most of those concerned in the investi- gation of the affair are still alive, and bear testimony to its truth. Reader, have you ever paid a visit to the town, or rather to the village of Campbelltown ? If you have not, we advise you to do so speedily. We re- commend you to do so the more willingly because we can speak from experience of the pleasure we have felt when domi ciled in its comfortable little Inn, enjoy- ing a few days' relaxation from the bustle and dust of Sydney. If you have been there you can dispense .with our description of its neat little church, its straggling appearance, and its pleasant, situation, in short, of all the beauties which it presents to a toil-worn dust- blinded Cit on his first visit — and enable us to come at once to the subject mailer of our tale.' The visitant to Campbelltown must have observed as lie strolled through the village, a large unfinished brick budding, fast . mouldering to decay, which seems to have been intended at the time of its erection for a store ; its appearance, however, shows, that what- ever may have hcen the intention in erecting it, something must have inter- vened to prevent the accomplish- ment of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, and the freshness of the grass which covers the sward around it,- shows that whatever the cause may be the ruins are not much frequented by the inhabitants of the surrounding cottages. The unfinished building and tlie land which surrounds it were the property some few years ago of a man named Frederick Fisher, who occupied an adjoining cottage, of which scarcely a trace now remains. Fisher had been originally a prisoner, he had served his time in tlie employ of a gentleman in the neighbourhood, and had removed to the town, -when he obtained his ticket-of- leave. Some years previous to the commencement of our' late tale, he had received his certificate of freedom, having undergone the sentence which had been awarded to liirn by the laws of Ills country. He had also soon after he. became free obtained a grant of a town allotment and had commenced the building referred to, intending on its completion to occupy one portion of it as a dwelling- house, and to convert the remaining part into a store. Fisher was but a boy at the time of the commission of the offence which had led to his transportation. His relatives, enraged at1 the disgrace he had sub- jected them to by his misconduct, had taken little notice of him after that period; and as he could put no trust in those whom he saw around him, placed in circumstances similar to his own, he had, consequently, formed no friendship, which might have enabled him to pass pleasantly his vacant time ; his education, also, had been much ne- glected in his youth by those very relatives who were so liberal of their censure after he had gone astray : it is not, therefore, a matter of surprise, that his time should have, occasionally, hung heavy on his hands. His own fireside presented few attractions to hint ; his conduct, since his arrival in the colony, not having been such as to afford him much gratification in the retrospect; the resolutions of amendment he had made whilst in jail and on the passage out, had melted like snow when exposed to the demoralizing influence of the ex- ample set by those around him. Fisher, like most of his class, flew for refuge from unpleasant recollections, to tlie society which the neighbouring taproom afforded, and sought for that comfort which he found not at home, in quaffing the flowing bowl. The nccccssary consequences of con- duct such as thissoon became apparent, his business, to which on gaining his free- dom, he had paid strict intention, was now neglected, hutinstcad of endeavour- ing, by exertion, to extricate himself from the difficulties which began to sur- round him — he plunged yet deeper into a life of dissipation, frequenting the purlieus of the tap both by night anil day,. His inevitable ruin soon became so apparent, that his creditors resolved no longer to brook delay, he was therefrom arrested and lodged in jail, at the instance of one oftheir number for a debt of £150. Although Fisher had been weak enough to allow the bad example of others to lead him astray, he was yet far from having reached that pitch of de pravity which many of his associates had attained : although he had neglected his business, and spent in dissipation those means which ought to have been applied to tlie liquidation of his debts, he had yet sufficient moral principle remaining, to shudder when one of his drunken associates, named Worral, suggested the expediency of entering into a scheme to defraud his creditors, by making over to him the whole of his j roperty which yet remained ; making a private en gagement that it should be restored to him as soon as he was permitted to leave the jail. The persuasions of Worral, who represented to him the ease and safety with which he might thus revenge himself on his creditors and regain pos session of his property, without any incumbrance, soon overcame the feehngs of repugnance which he had at first felt, and he consented to make a transfer ol all he possed to Worral, under these conditions. Mr. P. at whose instance Fisher had been incarcerated, finding that he was not the owner of the pro perty he had supposed, consented, after some time, to his liberation, as the only means -by- which lie -was likely ever to recover the amount of his claim . Fisher immediately on his release, returned to Campbelltown, exulting in the success of liis scheme. About a week after Fisher's return, lie left his house one evening with the in tention, it was supposed, of resorting, according to his usual custom, to one of the neighbouring ginshops. Morning came, but his continued absence excited no surprise, as it was supposed tli t lie had got so drunk the previous night, as to be unable to return home. As the day wore on, and no signs of his ap pearance, a neighbour went to inquire at the various public-houses whether he had been there. He had not been at any of his usual haunts, nor had any person seen him since the previous even ing. Many conjectures were made as to the cause of his protracted absence, but no feasible reason could be adduced until tlie afternoon, when Worral re- turned from Sydney, whither he said lie had accompanied Fisher on the previous evening, who had sailed early that morn ing for England, in order to avoid the importunities of his creditors, who had lately been rather troulresome to him, some of them having even threatened to lodge him again in jail. This was cor roborated by the fact, that a vessel did sail for England on that day. Worrall's statement set completely at rest all the conjectures which had previously been afloat, as to the cause of Fisher's dis appearance, and he was allowed to take undisputed possession of the pro perty, on producing Fisher's convey ance. Time wore on, and Fisher's name was almost forgotten or never alluded to, except by the deluded creditors, who consoled themselves for their loss, by venting imp.ecations and forming resolu tions, never again to be so easily gulled. About six weeks after Fisher's dis appearance, Mr. Farley, a respectable settler in the vicinity of Cambpelltown, was returning thence to his residence; he had long been acquainted with Fisher, and it is by no means improbable that his mind reverted to his friend's sudden disappearance, when passing the place where he had so long resided ; be that as it may, however, no doubt as to Worral's statement ever entered his mind. It was about ten o'clock at night when lie left Campbelltown ; the moon had risen, but her brilliance was obscured by clouds. After he had passed the late residence of Fisher, about from five to eight hundred yards, he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of the fence on the same side oftheroadas the house. On approaching nearer, what was his surprise to recognize distinctly, the features of Fisher, whom he supposed then far on his way to England. He approached the figure with the intention of assuring himself that he had not been deceived by a fancied resemblance, but the ghastly appearance which the features presented to his view on his nearer ap proach, struck such a chill of terror to ins heart, as chained him to the spot. The figure, as he gazed, rose from the fence, and waving its arm pointed in the direction of a small dry creek, which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, apparently following the windings of the creek. The terror which overpowered the faculties of Farley at this sight, de fies all powers of description ; in a state of stupefaction he left the spot, and edeavoured to obtain an entrance into tlie nearest house. How he managed to find his way to the house he has no recollection, but just as he approached it, his senses totally forsook him. The noise caused by his- head striking the door as he fell, alarmed the inmates, who on opening it found him lying in a death-like swoon ; lie was carried into the house, where he lay for a whole week in a state of delirium from brain fever. The frequent mention of the name of Fisher in his ravings, attracted the attention of those who attended him, and conjecture was soon busy at work to ascertain what had driven him into such a state. Farley's known character for sobriety, as well as the testimony of those who had parted from him only a few minutes before, for bade the supposition that his illness had been caused by drunkenness ; aud ru mour, with hcr.'thousand tongues, turned the villagers' heads with vain conjec tures as to its probable cause. . On the morning of the nintli day of Farley's illness, he awoke after a long and refreshing sleep, in full possession of his senses, and expressed a wish to those around him that the Police Magis trate should be sent for. William Howe, Esq., of Glenlee, who then filled the situation of Superinten dent of Police at Campbellton and the surrounding districts, was sent for, and came immediately on being made aware of the circumstances. To him Farley disclosed what he had seen, and his suspicion of Fisher having met with foul play, which that sight had im pressed on his mind. As soon as Farley was able to leave liis bed, Mr. Howe, accompanied by a few constables, among whom was a native black named Gilbert, went, conducted by Farley, to the place where the apparition had been seen- On closely examining the panel of fen cing pointed out, Mr. Howe discovered spots of blood. An active search was commenced to discover further traces of the supposed murder, but nothing more was observed. It was thougtliad- visiblc to trace the course of the creek, in the direction to which the apparition had pointed, and in which it had dis appeared. Some small ponds of water still remained in the creek, and these Black Gilbert was directed to explore with his spear ; lie carefully examined each as lie approached it, but the shake of his head denoted liis want of success. On approaching a larger pond than any of those he had before searched, the standcrs by observed his eyes sparkle, as lie exclaimed in a tone of triumph, while yet at some distance from the pool, " white man's fat sit down he. re" As soon as he reached the bank of the pond he thrust his spear into the water, and Gil bert after some search, he pointed to a par ticular spot in the water, saying " white man there." The constables were im mediately set to work to clear away the water, which was soon effected — and on digging among the sand the remains of a human being in an advanced stage of decomposition were discovered. It be came now obvious to all, that Fisher (if the remains which had been found were really his) had met with an untimely end.. Suspicion alighted on Worral who was the only person who had reaped any benefit from Fisher's death ; and it was remem bered also that lie it was who had first propogatcd the story of Fisher s return to England. Many circumstances, corrorborativc of this suspicion, flashed on the minds of the neighbours, which until now had escaped (heir notice. Mr. Howe caused Worral to be arrested, and the suspicion being confirmed by a body of circumstantial evidence, he was committed to take his trial before the Supreme Court (or the murder. Tlie conviction thatretibutive justice was now about to overtake him, had such an effect on his mind that he confessed his guilt. Ilis reason for so barbarous a proceeding arose from the transaction mentioned in the former part of the narrative. Fisher enjoyed at the success of the scheme by which he'jiad defrauded his creditors, forgot to regain possession of the deed of conveyance by which he had made over his property to Worral. The thought occured to Worral, ll.at if he could only get Fisher quietly out of the way, he would be able to claim poses- sion of the property in right of that con veyance ; this project had repeatedly occured to him whilst Fisher was in jail ; and he had resolved even then, either lo regain possession of the private agree ment which compelled him to restore the property whenever it might be re quired, or to get rid of him entirely. Foiled in his plan to obtain possession of this document by Fisher's unexpected liberation, he formed the diabolical scheme which he ultimately accomp lished. Under the mask of friendship, he was Fisher's companion during the day — and night after night he watched his victim's motions from the time of his return from jail, but had accidentally been foiled in every attempt he had made, until the nighton which the murder was committed. On that night he was as usual prowling about Fisher's cot tage, looking out for an opportunity to attain liis ends, when Fisher, tempted by the beauty of the evening, left his house to take a walk, followed at some distanceby Worral. At the place where tlie blood was afterwards discovered, Fisher stopped and leant against the fence, apparently wrapped in deep thought. The assassin had now bCtbre him the opportunity lie had so long waited for,- and taking up a, broken panel of the fence, he stole quietly be hind him, and with one blow of his weapon stretched liirn lifeless on the ground ; lie carried the dead body from the scene of the murder to the place wnere it was afterwards discovered, and buried it deep in the sand. A few weeks after lie had made the confession Worral expiated his crime on the scaf fold, imploring with his last breath the orgiveness of his Maker. 