DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE GHOST DISCUSSION AT THE SCHOOL OF ARTS. Monday evening, one of the most densely crowded and respectable audiences ever before [?] at the School of Arts, assembled to hear the termination of the debate on apparitions. A large proportion of the visitors were ladies. Besides members about fifty strangers paid for admission. The room was half filled as early as seven o'clock. The Rev. D. Mackenzie took the chair at half past seven, when Mr. Slatterie read some clever prose strictures on the previous speakers,--a well composed story in verse,-- and an epistle from a lady, which called forth some witty remarks on gallantry from the [?] and the Chairman. Mr. Rennie said, as gallantry was the order of the night he would [?] over a host of other papers sent to him. He read one from a lady--(Selina) who had [?] elaborate and correct definitions of the [?] in dispute, disproving by this a false phrenological opinion, that she wanted the [?] of Causality. The great number of papers in hand will be read on a future evening. Mr. Rae opened the discussion, and, though labouring under a sore throat, made an excellent speech in favour of apparitions; and, amongst other rather questionable doctrines, maintained superstition to be inseparable from religion and [?] poetry. Though he was himself a believer in phrenology he disapproved of the ridicule [?] Mr. a Beckett, in hie lecture, had endea- voured to throw upon the belief in ghosts, and in good-natured retaliation, read a very witty Jim-Crow Lecture on Phrenology,--on the importance of the bumps of "Him know what 'im about," of "Take what you can get;" of "Steal what you can;" of "Him draw long bow," &c.; which produced roars of laughter. He referred for the truth of apparitions to universal belief, and said we might as well disbelieve the existence of Mount Vesuvius as of ghosts. Mr. Taylor, in an out-and-out clever speech, opposed Mr Rae and the apparitionists, and quoted Shakespeare to prove that if one should be fool enough to "call up spirits from the vasty deep,"--they will not come when called; inferring that we could not call up ghosts to testify to their own existence, as we could prove the existence of Mount Vesuvius by going thither. We are sorry that we forgot to note some of Mr. Taylor's best hits, by being car- ried off the legs of our understanding in joining the rapturous applause and bravos of the audi- ence. The speaker sat down amidst loud cheering. Mr Holdsworth followed on the same side, and told a cock-and-bull story about a black cock as a pendant to Mr. Vannet's black dog. Mr Holdsworth is a very sensible and rational speaker. Mr. John Davies rose to explain his story of the great bass fiddle which pitched and tossed itself about as if instinct with life, and took sur- prising leaps like the man in Æsop's Fables. Mr. Davies did not see why a black letter record might not be received as equally good evidence with that of the story of Brutus's ghost. Mr Rennie said it was not very safe to ven- ture to speak in Sydney for fear of the Press, which had so recently attacked the speaking of decidedly the best speaker in the Colony. He was not anxious to come forward there as a de- bater. His wish was simply to do all he could to promote the debates, whose object it was to train up young men as public speakers and inde- pendent thinkers for our future House of Assem- bly. He took some credit to himself for raising the society to its present respectability, by ob- taining in the first instance an audience, and thereby enforcing punctuality on the speakers, before so shamefully neglected. Notwithstand- his unwillingness to take up their time, he could not not let pass the very grave and monstrous errors of Mr. Slatterie, Mr. Rae, the Rev. Mr. Atkins, and Mr. Fletcher--errors, which he was certain, struck at the very root of sound morality and religion,-- without denouncing them as such and lifting up his voice against them. The gravest of these errors, more or less adopted by all the above speakers bears that apparitions are sent to give forewarnings of danger, to dis- cover murders and the like, and if so it is fair logic to conclude that they are means made use of by Divine Providence for such purposes. Mr. Atkins went even so far as to say, that amongst heathen nations now, this is the means by which God supplies to them the want of revelation; and thence, of course, it clearly follows that the moral government of Providence is conducted by apparitional agency. A more immoral, a more irreligious, a more monstrous, a more ab- surd and ill founded doctrine could not be con- ceived, even if it should be eloquently pro- pounded and cleverly defended. Mr. Rennie said he could not believe even the most clear testimony on this subject of appari- tions. He had seen a man who affirmed he always saw devils around him; he had even seen this man shouldering and shoving these devils about; but nobody on such evidence, though alleged to be occular, daylight evidence, would believe that this legion of devils was actually existing except in the poor man's morbid fancy. The speaker said he would not even believe his own eyes if he saw a ghost. He had once actually seen one twenty-two years ago at twi- light, on the banks of the Esk, in the appearance of a young lady with whom he was in love, and who afterwards became Mrs. Rennie. For half a mile he followed this apparition (believing it at the time to be really Miss M-------,) till it dis- appeared in the solitary Church Yard of Inveresk, through which he then passed. It was wholly a picture of fancy, and all ghosts are so, that are not explicable by accidental occurrences or tricks performed to frighten. Of both these he gave many curious instances, which we have not room for. In conclusion, he said there was no trust- worthy evidence for the reality of apparitions, and though it was not the best logic, yet he would, for once, appeal to the argumentum ad verecundiam--and say that it would be a shame to the intelligence of Australia were so respec- table an assemblage as this to decide in favor of apparition; it would be a shame to let it be re- ported in Europe, that we are so far behind the knowledge of the age, as thus publicly to profess our faith in ghosts, which always disappear as knowledge becomes diffused. In Holland, ac- cording to Lord Kaimes, no ghosts have been heard of for more than a century, while in the Scottish Highlands and in the Irish cabins, they keep up a lingering and consumptive ex- istence. Mr. Fletcher explained the Campbelltown ghost story--assisted by the chairman, who gave the correct (?) version of it. Mr. Fletcher also fought hard and well to repel Mr Rennie's in- ferences as to the immoral and irreligious ten- dency of his arguments. Mr. Thomas Day, a clever young man,--a native of the Colony, made a few remarks on the same side, but from the bustle of persons going out, very politely making more noise than necessary, we could not distinctly follow him. Mr. Slatterie, claiming his privilege as leader, of replying, made a few exceedingly appropriate, good humoured, and facetious remarks upon the hits which had been aimed at him by the several speakers. He is quite a paragon of good nature--an optimist of the very description in- dispensable for a debater. The Chairman before putting the question, said, from the whole discussion it appeared to him that ghosts have four very striking charac- teristics. First, they rarely appear in daylight \--"they love darkness because their deeds are evil"--therefore he inferred that ghosts are great cowards. Secondly, they rarely appear to more than one person, therefore ghosts are very cun- ning. Thirdly, they rarely visit towns and cities, but frequent lonely places and wild countries, being afraid to face a posse of police- men and their batons; therefore ghosts are not urbane and civilized. Fourthly, they disappear wherever knowledge and intelligence are dif- fused; therefore ghosts hate knowledge. On the question being put, some dozen or two of hands were held up in favour of ghosts; against them there was a whole forest of hands. Therefore it is proved that there are no ghosts in Australia. Mr. Mackenzie then vacated the chair, which was taken by Mr. Rennie, when a vote of thanks to the Chairman, moved by Mr Slatterie and seconded by Mr. Rae, was carried by accla- mation, and three times three cheers to the great ability, urbanity, and good humour with which Mr. Mackenzie had, for three nights, conducted the business of the debate. He was, indeed, the very life and soul of the meeting. On next Monday, "To drink or not to drink? That is the question. Whether it be preferable to adopt, 1--The Tee-total principle; 2--The Temperance principle; 3--Or neither of these principles." Mr. Rennie will take the chair, and Mr. N Bourne will lead the debate in favour of the second against the first and third principles. The names of intending speakers must be trans- mitted to the Chairman, with the side which they will take. Tilt MoillrATF STRELT Al 1 AIR-A llOtlCC 111 the London papers states, that Frederick Boucher is no longer ti partner in the British nnd Austro lasian Bunk, and that arrangements aie bein ' made for winding up its accounts preliminar to its immediate dissolution Í*COTCII IMMKUVIION-We have been re quested by Mr. Ivcdii to state, that ' it 13 not the ide 1 ot being sold, or dealt with as slaves which prevents the Scotch from immigrating to New South Wiles so much as their ignorarce of almost every thing connected with the Co lony , bo much so is tins the ease, t îat there are numbers of arn/aiis to be met vviti in Scothnd who do not know that such a place es Nc\ South \\\ iles 1 xtsts on tin face of the elabe (he Sco'ch hare 'omi idea of Yustrutii nu' Hotanv Bay, bat they know no lung of \ew South Wales lui SOOIHINC, SvsTrr.-lhe Cue! Con tnbl it No folk I land, ind seve al of the other ofliciuls at that ptnal settlement, are nitually keeping shops for supplying the tonvicti under them with all the luxuries of nfc. HANDSOME BEQUEST.- Mr. J. A. Pearson, of the marble works, Pitt-street, has presented to the School of Arts busts of Milton and of Earl Grey. IMIORTID CVTTLE SiOCK-Wc observe that there have of late been a good many of them ni the market, and the settlers should not loso the opportunity of making purchases whilst they are low in price H. Kater, L^q , became the pin- ch isei a few da) s since, of six Durham cows lately imported, and with the other superior animals he possesses must have some of the purest bred stock in ihe Colony The outla) in the first instance is certainly considerable, but the advantages obtained eventually more than counter balance it Hie price paid by Mr Kater was up yards of i¡ >00 -Communicated HARBOURING - Yesterday Isaac Seppings, an ex-constable, pleaded guilty to an information charging him with having harboured a man named William Hart, assigned to Mr Maclehose, of Hunter-street, and was fined £3 with costs Some idea of the character of Mr Sepping's establishment may be formed from the fact that Sergeant Smith, who found Hart on the pre- mises, at the same time found another assigned servant stowed away with him, and not less than eleven free damsels, all of whom are known street walkers. In such cases as the above the bench ought to inflict the highest penalty. JUST TRU'-Yesterday Lli/a Graham, who came to S)dney on Monday from Parrnmilta, in order to obtain her certificate of freedom, was committed to take her tnul for steeling £1 Is, the property of Mary Byrnes, the wife ot constable Bj me1-, of the Parramatta police 1 rom the prisoner s account of hcr»cir, it np pearce! she had been transported to this colony under a sentence of seven years in the year lb3f, nnd while m the colony she had served an additional sentence of two )eais to a penal set- tlement, besides undergoing several sentences in the factor). Previous to committing her for trial Captain Innes remarked that evin ac- cording to her own showing it was veiy evident that she had not spent her time m the colony in building churches or even in attending them. 