ORIGIN OF CARICATURES. To trace the origin of caricature would require much time and industrious research, A short sketch of its rise and progress, hoxvever, for the present, may amuse.— There is reason Tor believing that this amusing species of graphic satire, originated about the period of that memorable fraud, the South Sea Bubble, when the whole nation suddenly became afflicted with the extravagant mania of becoming rich, without wealth, or the usual occupations of industry. Hogarth was one of the first to expose the audacious cupidity of these projectors, and the egregious credulity of his countrymen, by certain political ptints, which, in the modern phrase, would be caricatures, though improperly so, for his designs were burlesques upon the inconsistency and absurdity of the times; a sort of political drama, where the actors were strange men, but no monsters. His satires, it is true, weie sharp, but far- fetched and obscure, but some few, by Jack Laguire, savoured somewhat of wit. Sir John Vanburgh had heen satirised by Swift and Pope, and a confederacy of wits who paid their court to Lord Burlington, a nobleman of a munificent spirit, and an eucourager of the fine aits, in some of which he was no mean proficient, particularly in architecture. But these poets were not honest; their praises were hyperbolical, or they abused every one else to uphold their favourite. My Lord Burlington wrote a poem upon "Taste ;" and Hogarth took up the defence of those who were unjustly satired, and, in the legitimate spirit of the caustic art, attacked the author of the " Dunciad," and assailed Pope with his own wtapons. Thus originated the first satirical attack upon a formidable junto.— The print represented Pope upon a scaffolding erected in front of Burlington House Gnl0, ill Piccadilly, who io boforo a pail of whiting mixed with water; and the waspish poet, with a hump upon his back and a plasterer's brush in his hand, is seen whitewashing tiie gate, and splashing whoever might be beneath. Now it happens that a carriage is passing, which bears a duke's coronet, and that was intended for the coach of the Duke of Chandos. Pope—who, as that very ill-used player and dramatic writer, Collr.y Cibber, observed, was a merciless flogger himself— when it came to his own turn, writhed under the satirical rod. In fact, none are so thin-skinned as those who delight in flaying others. The Burlington House etching was sent to Twickenham by a friend of Cibber, with a note on the deformity of the whitewasher. This, as wasanticipated, threw the insolent poet into a violent fit of wrath, and sent him from house to house, making the matter worse by spreading his complaint ; and thus, as Cibber, who was a wit, in spite of his lampooners, sensibly observed, the crooked little reptile, by his self-iinportance, ingeniously wrought of a nine days' wonder his own interminable mischief. He drove off to his lawyer, meditating legal revenge. A party of his adulators had a meeting at the Fountain Tavern in the Strand, where their wise heads formed a scheme how to manage their action. At length, the publisher, Mr. Jacob Tonson, who was a sensible and very discreet friend, after salting his back (as the same Cibber added), helped him on with his clothes, and advised him to let his antagonist alone. He went about, however, did Alexander, and threatened the painter with a nieche in a new " Dunciad." But his courage cooled, and it was left for George Churchill to revenge the injured ghost of the bard of Twickenham. Hogarth's humour was happily played off on the death of Vannaken. This ingenious foreigner had been employed by old Jonathan Richardson, Jervas, Hudson, and other popular portrait-painters of the time, to paint the hands, draperies, back- grounds, and other accessaries, in their pictures.— His ioss was severely felt; it was, indeed, irreparable, for many of these face-painters were too idle to do these parts for themselves ; and others, as it was said, were too ignorant of drawing to paint any thing save the face. So Hogarth, well knowing the general dilemma into which the ignorant painters would be consequently thrown, scratched out a design upon copper, aud etched it, with the title of " Vannaken's Funeral," with a number of figures in hoods and scarfs, whom he had served, following the corpse, weeping and wailing, and wringing their hands with all the sad and solemn externals of grief. This, too, was felt.— Frazer's Magazine. Hie walk of a deceased blind beggar, (in a charitable neighbourhood,) with bis dog and •taff, were actually advertised for sale in the news' papero of 1B04-. 