LONDON FIFTY Y EARS AGO. From " BUIrnaby Rudge." A series of pictures representing the streets of London in the' night, even at the comparatively recent date of tlis tale,- would; present to the eye something so very different in charac ter from the reality which is witnessed ini these times, that it would be dillicult for ?he beholder .to recognise- his nmost familiar walks in the' altered aspect of little more thlin half a'century ago. They were, one and all, from the broadest and best to the narrowest and least frequented, very dark. The oil and cotton lamps, though regularly trimmed'twice or thricea in the long winter ;nighte, burnt feebly at beat; and at a late hour, when they were unassisted by the lamps and candles in tlhe shops. cast but a narrow track of doubtful light upon the fcotway, I.aving the projecting doors and house fronts in the deepest gloom. Many of the courts and lanes weie left in the deepest- darkness; those of the meaner sort, :whert; one- glimmering light twinkled (or a score of houses, being favoured in io, s!ight degree. Even in these, places,=the inhabitants hiad orten:/good, reason for. extinguishing their tlamp as soon as it. was lighted; an'd the- watch being utterly powerless and .inefflcient to. prevent them; they did so at theirlpleasure. Thus, in the lightest :thoroughfares, there was at every turn some obscure and-dangerou spot whflthr a thief migh t fly for shel ter, andlfTew wotld care to followv; and the city being :belted: round by fieltls, .green la!es, waste grounds, and lonely roads, dividing it at that time from the suburbs Which-: have joined it since, 'epoape, even where purstit was. hot,; was rendered easy. It is?:no woder that wil?h these iiavouring circumstances in full.~and constant. loperation, street robberies, ottlen, accompanied by cruel: wounds land not u:nffrequently by loss "of life, ;slhould have been of nightly occurrence in nShe. very,, heart of London, or that. qietTf&lks; should have had grea tdread of traversing its streetaafter .thesho:ps were closed ?? It rwas not 'inu sal for 'those wh, wendWed d'home alone at 'miid night to keep; the middjle?? ollie road, the better to guard agsinRst surprise from Ilurking: fuotpad ; fe w' would venture to 0repair, at;a late hour to IentishaTown or Hampstead, or even to ~'?nsingtih ' or: Chelsea, unarnmed and d '?iuatiteriied: while he who had been loudest and most valiant at the supper table or the tavern, and had but a mile;or ao-to go, was glad to fee a link- hoy to escort him home. ' <:, .:h= ere ; were inaiiy 'other =character istics '-no tqiiteskO'-disagreeahlc, abou-t ?the- tthorougbhireb of Loindon then, .with whichl'they had been iong familiar. Soineof thei shops, especially those to tihe eastward iu' ['remple-b=r,'st ill'ad hered tro t·he i old jilrac~iie of haning~ii~ out a:· sign' ; did the rcrasking* .;anti swvinging or O tliese b'ohrds in t?eliriron fraies i on "windy-. iiglhls ?.forned ·a strbngeadnd mournful concert for :the ears of those who lay awalce in: bed'oi hurried through the streeis.s ? n-:lld g stands of hackney chairs'ancdigrqups' of cnairmen, compared with wlihin the coach~men 'of ou~r' day. a'ro' ·gentle antd polite, obstructed the way-atnd" filled the' air' with clamour; night cellars, indicated.? by a little sareans "6f ;-light /crossing ·the pa vemen t, a n~d stretcbing oatr halfway into the road,? and by thie? stifled roar " of.voices, from Ibelow, lyat?;ned· for tlhe retepui and enlter 'tiinmeiit of the? most, abohnloned oft' o't bl eaes ;; tinder eerry sIted and -bulk sminl;groutpsj oflink-boys gamed' awy'y- the earnings 6f?:t lie 'day ,; or .one -niore weary tlhaii the restgiave way tioi 'sleep, anti let thie frHgmen t oof hlis torch fat'l lissin~ on the p~luddled groun~d.. -"TIen there was tlhe watclh wiii-: staff atnd lanthorn crying thahiour,° and thlie Itind of weather; 'and 'those whoo'wvok'e up at hisvoice and turn'd them iboun'd in bed, wer glad' to: htsr 'it rainiiei, or snowed, or blew, or froze,'?for very comfort's sake. 'rlib e·, solitary passen-. ger was startled bythlie Chairman's icry of " By your leave tliere I.. as two came trotting~past him iWitli heir empty vehicle- carried batdkcwards to sho w its being disengaged-'and hirried to the n'oarest'seitnd. ' :Many a, private chair Itoo, :inclO'sin°?g some fine 'lady, mons trously hooped and furbelowed,' and •preceded by; runniing-.footmen bearing \- nam Uc u x--?To r?, h ic h:-'-d'?i n-?l~lf?rr s are yet suspended be,-fore ilte doors of 'a few'liodses ·of thie better'sort--made the way gay and light aus it danced along, and darker and nmo're dismal when it had passed. It was not unusual for these running gentry, who carried it with a very high hand, to quarrel in the servants' hall while'waiting. for their misters and mistresses ; aand fal lingi.o blows either there or in the. street without, to strew the place of- skirmish .with hair-powder, fragmerits'of bag wigs, and scattered nosegays; Gaming, the vice which ran so high among 'all classes (tlim fashion being of course set by the upper), was generally'the cause of these disputes; for cards arid dice were as openly used, and worked as much mischief, and yielded as much excitement below -stairs, os above. While incidents like these, arising out of drums, and masquerades, and parries at quadrille, were passing at the west end of tile town, heavy stage-coaches and scarce heavier waggons were lum bering slowly towards the city,' the coachmen, guard, and passengers, armed to tlie.teeth, and ,the.coach--a day,)r so, perhaps, behind its time,' but ,that was nothing- despoiled by highway men; who made no scruple to attact, alone and single handed, a whole car avan of goods and men,and sometimes shot a passenger or two, and were sometimes shot themselves, just as the case might be. On the morrow, ru mour of this new act of daring on the road yielded matter for a few hours' conversation through the town, and a public progress of some fine gentleman (half drunk) to Tyburn, dressed in the newest fahsion,j and damning the ordi nary with unspeakable gallantry and grace, furnished to the populace, at once a pleasant excitement and a whole some and profound example. Among all the dangerous characters who, in such a state of society, prowled and skulked in the metropolis at night, there was one man, from whom many as uncouth and fierce as he shrunk with involuntary dread. Who he was, or whence he came, was a question often asked, hut which none could an swer. His name was unknown,' he had never beenseen until within eight days or thereabouts, and was equally a stranger to the old ruflians on whose haunts he ventured fearlessly, as to the young. FHe could be no spy, for he never removed his slouched hat to look about him, entered into conversation with no man, heeded nothing that' passed, regarded nobody that came or went. But So s,?rely a the dleadt nlghltsetrin.,-sosurety this man wa. the midst of thIelodjse con course in L niight.coilar: where:! oUtesitl of eve, grdeil resbrted ?; ?an?d ?there he sat 1 line was notr?on"ly a ?.pectre at licetibous -feaSts,va isome thing iil tnidist of their revelry and r?ro ? dhilled and. hauntedithem;- bit o(t dr/ors he was the same. -. Directly itw darki, he was abroad - never in co pany with any one, but always, lon niever lingeringbor loitering, but ways walking swiftly (sothey sa;d wI had seen hiim) looking over iis slho..ld from .time. o time, and a. lie did "quickening his pace. In the fields, lanes, the-roads, all quarters of 1 towni - east, west,| iorth|, atil South that min was seen gliding on, like shiadow. !lie was ahlihys huirryin away. ,Those who encountered hiiu saw him steal pasi, cugtlht sight q the backward glance, and so lost li in the darkness. ] This constant restlessne.s anri flij ting to and fro gave rise to slrang stories. Joe was seen ir, such dsisa? and remote places, at times so Ierlt tallying with each other, that soi doubted whether there were not iw. l'.ih?em, or i!ore-somos, hvueihr h had not Unearthly means of traveliinu. from 5potttospot. The footpad h;tdll in a ditch had marked.him passing lhku a ghost along its brink ; the vngrunt had met . him ona thb dark highroad ; thi bego'r had seenI.him..puuse upon thI bridget6o. look dowmnat the water, art, then sweep on again ;· they who deali in .bodies .with the aurgeons could sweas he slept in-chn'rchyards and thst they hIad helld e hiui glide away rmotug th. tomhqtones o? tlieir appro;ch,. Auni as (I ith;y toldl these stories to each o her, orin whohaula loodked about hint wouhld pull Isis netihbour: by the sleeve, arid there he would be among them. 