BARNABY RUDGE. -0- CHAPTER x111. If Joseph Willet, the denounced and proscribed of prentices, had happened to be at home when his father's courtly guest presented himself before the Maypole door-that is, if it had not perversely chanced to be one of the half.-dozen days in the whole year on which he was at liberty to absent himself .for as. many hours without question or reproach-he would have contrived, by hook or crook, to dive to the very bottom of Mr. Chester's mystery,'and to come at his purpose with as much certainty as though lie had been his confidential adviser. In that fortunate case, the lovers would have had quick warning of the ills that threatened them, and the aid of various timely and wise suiggestions to boot ; for all Joe's readiness of thought and action, and all his sympathies and good wishes, were enlisted in favour of the young people, -and were staunch in devotion to their cause. Whether this disposition arose out of his old prepossessions in favour of the young lady, whose 'history had surrounded her in his mind, almost from •his cradle, with circumstances of unusual interest; or from his attachment towards the young gentleman, into whose confidence he had, through his shrewd ness and alacrity, and the rendering of sundry important services as a spy and messenger, almost imperceptibly glided ; whether they had their origin in either of these sources, or in the habit natural to -youth, or in the constant badgering and worrying of his venerable -parent, or in any hidden little love affair of his own which gave him something of a fellow.feeling in the matter; it is needless to inquire, especially as Joe was out of the way, and had no opportunity on that particular occasion of testifying to his sentiments either on the one side or the other. It was, in fact, the twenty- fifth of March, which, as most people know to their cost, is, and has been time out of mind, one of those unpleasant epochs termed quarter days. On this twenty-fifth of March, it was John Willet's pride annually to settle, in hard cash, his account with a certain vintner and distiller in the city of London ; to give into whose hands a canvass beg containing its exact amount, and not a penny more or less, was the .end and object of a journey for Joe, so surely as the year and day came round. This journey was performed upon an old grey mare, concerning whom John had an indistinct set of ideas hovering about him, to the effect that she could win a plate or cup if she tried. She had never -tlied, and probably never would now, being some fourteen or fifteen years of age, short in wind, long in body, and rather the worse for wear in respect of her mane and tail. Notwithstanding these slight defects, John perfectly gloried in the animal; and when she was brought round to the door, by Hugh, actually retired into the bar, and there, in a secret grove of lemons, laughed with pride. "There's a bit of horseflesh, Hugh I" said Joho, when lhe had recovered enough self-command to appear at the door again. " There's a comely creator I There's high mettle I iThere's bone !" There was bone enough beyond all doubt; and so 'Hugh seemed to think, as he sat sideways in the saddle, lazily doubled up with his chin nearly touching his knees; and heedless of the dangling' stirrups and loose bridle-rein, sauntered up and down on the little green before the door. " Mind you take good of her, sir," said John, appealing from this insensible person to his son and heir, who now appeared, fully equipped and ready. "Don't you ride hard." " I should be puzzled to do that, I think, father," .replied Joe, casting a disconsolate look at the ani mal. " None of your impudence, sir, if you please," retorted old John. 4' What would you ride, sir 1 a wild ass or zebra would be too tame for you, wouldn't he, oel, sir? You'd like to ride a roaring lion, -wouldn't you, sir, eb, sir-? Hold your tongue, sir." When Mr. Willet, in his differences with his son, had exhausted all the questions that occurred to him, and Joe 'had said nothing at all in answer, he gene. rally wound up by bidding him hold his tongue. "And what does the boy-mean," added Mr. Wil. let, after he had stared at him for a little time, in a state of stupefaction, " by cocking his hat to such' an extent; are you going to kill the wintner, sir?" " No," said Joe, tartly, "I'm not. Now your mind's at ease, father. "With a milintary air, tool" said Mr. Willet, surveying him from top to too; " with a swaggering, fire-eating, biling-water drinking sort of way with *him I And what do you mean by pulling up the crocuses and snowdrops, eh, sir.?" -" It's only a little nosegay," said Joe, reddening; " there's no harm in that, I hope?" " You're a boy of business, you are, sir I" said Mr. Willet disdainfully, " to go supposing that' .wintners care-for nosegays." "I don't suppose anything of the kind," returned Joe; "let them keep their red noses for bottles and tankards; these are going to Mr. Varden's house." "And-do you suppose he sminds such things as -crocuses " demanded John. ' Idopn't know, and, to say the truth, I dent care," said Joe, :"Come, father, give me the money, and in the name of patience let me go;" "There it is,''replicd John; " and take care of it, and mind you don't make too much haste back, but. ,give-the mare a long rest. Do you mind I" "-Ay, I mind," returned Joe; "she'll need it, heaven knows." " And don't you score up too much at the Black Lion," said John ; "mind that, too." "Then why don't you let me have some money of my own '1" retorted Joe,sorrowfully; " why don't you, father 1 ,What do you send me into London for, giving me-only the right to call for my dinner at the Black Lion, which you're to pay for next time Syou go, as if I w?as not .to be trusted with a few shillings-why do you use me like this? It's not right of you; you can't expect me to be quiet under it." "Let him have money l" cried John in a drowsy reverie. "What does he call money-guineas? Heasn't he got money ? Over and above the tolls, hasn't he one and Sixpence ?" ",One and sixpence I" repeated his son contemp. tuously. " Yes, sir," returned John, "one and sixpence; when Iwas your age, I never had seen so much money in.a heap. A shilling of It is in case of accident-the mate casting a shleoo, or thle like ofihat; -the other sixpence is to spend in the diversions of London; anhd,the diversion I recommend is going to tle top of.the monumnt, and sitting there. There's -naotemptation there, sir-; no drink.; -no young women; no bad 'characters of any sot ; notohing -butimSaginaStion.- Tliat's the way I enjoyoed myself wrhea I was your age, sir.", ... . I : To thlis Joe made no answer, but-beckoning Hugh, leaped into the saddle -and rode away; and a very stalart manly' h)e iiman ie looked, desereing a. better charger than It was li fortune t o, tride. o John stoodstaring:after, him, o-rratheriafter the grpy t?iii' (for he had nb eyes for her iddeif);, until man and beast had been outof sight some twenty ml. nutes,.when he began to think they were gone, and I slowly re.entering the house, fell into a gentle doze. The unfortunate grey mate, who was the agony of Joe's life, floundered along at her own will and pleasure until the Maypole was no longer visible, and then, contracting her legs into what in a puppet would have been looked upon as a clumsy and awk. ward imitation of a canter, mended her pace all at once, and did it of her own accord. The acquaint. ance with her rider's usual mode of proceeding, which suggested this improvement in hers, impelled her likewise to turn up a byeway leading-not to London, but through lanes running parallel with the road they had come, and passing within a few hun. dred yards of the Maypole, which led finally to an inclosure surrounding a large, old, redbrick mansion -the same of which mention was made as the Warren in the first chapter of this history. Coming to a dead stop in a little copse thereabout, she suf. fered-ier rider to dismount with right good will, and to tie her to the trunk of a tree. "Stay there, old gill," said Joe, " and let us see whether there's any little commission for me today." So saying lie left her to browse upon such stunted grass and weeds as happened to grow within the length of her tether, and, passing. through a wicket gate, entered the grounds on foot. The pathway, after a very few minutes' walking, brought him close to the house, towards which, and especially towards one particular window, he di rected many covert glances. It was a dreary, silent building, with echoing court yards, desolated turret chambers, and whole suites of rooms shut up and mouldering to ruin. The terrace garden, dark with the shade of over hanging trees, had an air of melancholy that was quite oppressive. Great iron gates, disused for many years, and red with rust, drooping. on their hinges, and overgrown with long rank grass, seemed as though they tried to sink into the ground, and hide their fallen state among the friendly weeds. The fantastic monsters on the walls, green with age and damp, and covered here and there with moss, looked grim and desolate. There was a sombre aspect even on that part of the mansion which was inhabited and kept in good repair, that struck the beholder with a sense of sadness-of something forlorn and failing, whence cheerfulness was banished. It would have been dilticult to imagine a bright fire blazing in the dull and darkened rooms, or to picture any gaiety of heart or revelry that the frowning walls shut in. It seemed a place where such things had been, but could be no more- the very ghost of a house, haunting the old spot in its old outward form, and that was all. Much of this decayed and sombre look was attributable, no doubt, to the death of its former master, and the temper of its present occupant; but, remembering the tale connected with the mansion, it seemed the very place for such a deed, and one that might have been its predestined theatre years upon years ago. Viewed with reference to this legend, the sheet of water where the steward's body had been found appeared to wear a black and sullen character, such as no other pool might own; the bell upon the roof, that had told the tale of murder to the midnight wind, became a very phantom, whose voice would raise the listener's hair on end ; and every leafless bough that nodded to another had its stealthy whispering of the crime. Joe passed up and down the path, sometimes stopping in affected contemplation of the building or the prospect, sometimes leaning against a tree with an assumed air of idleness and indifference, but always keeping an eye upon the window he had singled out at first. After some quarter of an hour's delay, a small white hand was waved to him for an instant from the casement, and the young man, with a respectful bow, departed; saying under Iris breath as he crossed his horse again, " No errand for me today I" But the air of smartness, the cock of the hat to which John Willet had objected, and the spring nosegay, all betokened some little errand of his own, having a more interesting object than a vintner or even a locksmith. So, indeed, it turned out; for, when he. had settled with the vintner-whose place of business was down in some deep cellars hard by Thames.street, and who was as purple-faced an old gentleman as if he had all his life supported their arched roof on his head-when he had settled the account, and taken the receipt, and declined tasting more than three glasses of old sherry, to the un bounded astonishment of the purple-faced winter, who, gimlet in hand, had projected an attack upon at least a score of dusty casks, and who stood trans. fixed, or morally gimleted, as it were, to his own wall- when he had done all this, and disposed besides of a frugal dinner at the Black Lion, in Whitechapel, spurning the Monument and John's advice, he turned his eyes towards the locksmith's house, attracted by the eyes of blooming Dolly Varden. Joe was by no means a sheepish fellow, but, for all that, when he got to the corner of the street in which the locksmith lived, he could by no means make up his mind to walk straight to the house. First, he resolved to stroll up another street for five minutes, then up another street for five minutes more, and so on until he had lost full half an hour, when he made a bold plunge, and found himself with a red face and a beating heart in the smoky workshop. "Joe Willer, or his ghost 1" said Varden, rising from the desk at which he was busy with his books, and looking at him under his spectacles. *' Which is it1 Joe in the flesh, eh? That's hearty. And how are all the Chigwell company, Joel" " Much as usual, sir; they and I agree as well as ever." " Well, well I" said the locksmith. " We must be patient, Joe, and bear with old folks' foibles. How's thIe mare, Joe? Does she do the four miles an hour as easily as ever I Ha, ha, ha I Does she, Joe' EhP--What have we there, Joe-a nose gay ?" "A very poor one, sir. I thought Miss Dolly-" "No, no," said Gabriel, dropping his voice and shaking his head, " not Dolly. Give 'em to her mother, Joe, A great deal better give 'em to her mother. Would you mind giving 'em to Mrs. Var den, Joe 1" "Oh no, sir," Joe replied, and endeavouring, but not with the greatest possible success, to'hide hiis disappointment. "I shall be very glad, i'm sure," ," That's right," said the locksmith, patting him on the back. " It don't matter who hIas 'em, Joe 7" "Not a bit, sir." Dear heart, how the words stuck in his throat I " Come in," said Gabriel. " I have just been called to tea, She's in the parlour." " "She," thought Joe. " Which of 'em, I wonder -Mrs. or Miss 1" The locksmith seittled the doubt as neatly as if it hIad been expresqed aloud by leading. him to thre door, and saying, "Martha, my dear, liere's young Mr. Willet." ,INow, Mrs. Varde, regardtng the Maypole as a sort of humane man.trap, or decoy for huabands i viewing its proprietor, and all who aided and abett~ed, ;tin, in thie light of' oriiiany peiroaehers amo~g Christian mon ; and, believing, moreover, that the publicans coupled with sinners in Foly Writ were veritable licensed victuallers; was far from being favourably disposed towards her visitor. Wherefore she was taken faint directly; and, being duly pre. sented with the crocuses and snowdrops, divined on further consideration that they were the occasion of the languor that seized upon her spirits. "I'm afraid I couldn't bear the room another minute," said the good lady, " if they remained here. iVould you excuse my putting them out of window 1" Joe begged she wouldn't mention it on any ac. count, and smiled feebly as he saw them deposited on the sill outside. If anybody could have known the pains he had taken to make up that despised and misused bunch of flowers I "I feel it quite a relief to get rid of them, I assure you," said Mrs. Varden. " I'm better al ready." And indeed she did appear to have plucked up her spirits. Joe expressed his gratitude to Providence for this favourable dispensation, and tried to look as if he didn't wonder where Dolly was. "' You're sad people at Chligwell, lIr. Joseph," said Mrs. V. ' I hope not, ma'am," returned Joe. " You're the cruellest and most inconsiderate people in the world," said Mrs. Varden, bridling. " I wonder old Mr. Willet, having been a married man himself, doesn't know better than to conduct himself as he does. His doing it for profit is no excuse. I would rather pay the money twenty times over, and have Varden come home like a respectable and sober tradesman. If there is one character," said Mrs. Varden, with great emphasis, " that offends and disgusts me more than another, it is a sot." "Come, Martha, my dear," said the locksmith, cheerily, " let us have tea, and don't let us talk about sots. There are none here, and Joe don't want to hear about them, I dare say." At this crisis Mliggs appeared with toast. " I dare say he does not," said Mrs. Varden; " and I dare say you do not, Varden. It's a very unpleasant subject, I have no doubt, though I won't say it's personal"-Miggs coughed-" whatever I may be forced to think"-Miggs sneezed expres sively. " You never will know, Varden, and nobody at young Mr. Willet's age-you'll excuse me, sir can be expected to know, what a woman taffers when she is waiting at home under such circum stances. If you don't believe me, as I know you don't, here's Miggs, who is only too often a witness of it-ask her." " Oh! she were very bad the other night, sir; indeed she were," said Miggs. " If you hadn't the sweetness of an angel in you, mim, I don't think you could abear it; I raly don't." " Miggs," said Mrs. Varden, " you're profane." * "Begging your pardon, mim," returned Miggs, with shrill rapidity, " such was not my intentions, and such, I hope, is not my character, though I am but a servant." "Answering me, Miggs, and providing yourself," retorted her mistress, looking round oioth dignity, "is one and the same thing. How dare you speak of angels in connection with your sinful fellow beings-mere"-said Mrs. Varden, glancing at herself in a neighbouring mirror, and arranging the ribbon of her cap in a more becoming fashion " mere worms and grovellers as we are I" " I did not intend, mim, if you please, to give offence," said Miggs, confident in the strength of her compliment, and developing strongly in the throat as usual; " and I did not expect it would be took as such. I hope I know my own unworthiness, and that I hate and despise myself and all my fellow creatures as every practicable Christian should." "' You'll have the goodness, if you please," said Mrs. Varden, loftily, " to step up stairs and see if Dolly has finished dressing, and to tell her that the chair that was ordered for her will be here in a minute, and that if she keeps it waiting, I shall send it away that instant. I'm sorry to see that you don't take your tea, Varden, and that you don't take yours, Mr. Joseph; though of course it would be foolish of me to expect that anything that can be had at home, and in the company of females, would please you." This pronoun was understood in the plural sense, and included both gentlemen ; upon both of whom it was rather hard and undeserved, for Gabriel had applied himself to the meal with a very promising appetite, until it was spoilt by Mrs. Varden herself, and Joe had as great a liking for the female society of the locksmith's house-or for a part of it at all events-as man could well entertain. But lie had no opportunity to say anything in his own defence, for at that moment Dolly herself appeared, and struck him quite dumb with her beauty. Never had Dolly looked so handsome as she did then, in all the glow and grace of youth, with all her charms increased a hundred fold by a most becoming dress, by a thousand little coquettish ways which nobody could assume with a better grace, and all the sparkling expectation of that accursed party. It is impossible to tell how Joe hated that party wherever it was, and all the other people who were going to it, whoever they were. And she hIardly looked at him--no, hardly looked at him. And when tihe chair was seen through the open door coming blundering into the workshop, she actually clapped her hands and seemed glad to go. But Joe gave her his arm-there was some comfort in that-and handed her into it. To see her seat herself inside, with her laughing eyes brighter than diamonds, and her hand--aurely she had the pret tiest hand in the world-on the ledge of the open window, and her little finger provokingly and pertly tilted up, as if it wondered why Joe didn't squeeze or kiss it I To think how well one or two of the modest snowdrops would have become that delicate boddice, and how they werelying neglected outside the parlour window I To see how Miggs looked on, with a face expressive of ktiewing how all this love. liness was got up, and of being in the secret of every string and pin and hook and eye, and of saying it ain't half as real as you think, and I could look quite as well myself if I took the pains I To hear that provoking precious little scream when the chair was hoisted on its poles, and to catch that transient but not.to-be.forgotten vision of the happy face witliin; what torments and aggravations, and yet what delights were thesel The very chairmen seemed favoured rivals as they bore her down the treet,. There never was such an alteration in a small room in a small time as in that parlour when they went back to finish tea. So dark, so deserted, so perfdctly disenchalnted. It seemed such slheer non sense to be sitting tamely there, when soe was at a dance with more lovers than man could calculate fluttering about her-with the whole party doting on and'adoring hier, and wanting to marry her. Miggs 'was hovering about-too; and the fact of her exist. Selide, the mere circumstance of tier ever having been born; appeared, after Doll, such an unaccountable' joke. It weeas impossible to talk. It couldn't bo 'dbne. He had nothlongleft for it but to stir his tea roind, and round, add round, and ruminate on all thie fascinations of ,theo blaokstmnith's lovely daighter. 'abriel was dull too. It was a part ofthd' cer tain uncertainty of Mirs. Varden's temper, that when they were in this condition, she should be gay and sprightly. ' I need have a cheerful disposition, I am sure," said the smiling housewife, " to preserve any spitits at all ; and how I can do it I can scarcely tell." " Al, mim," sighed Miggs, "begging your pardon for the interruption, there an't a many like you," "Take away, Miggs," said Mrs. Varden, rising. "Take away, pray. I know I'm a restraint here, and as I wish everybody to enjoy themselves as they best can, I feel I'd better go." " No, no, Martha," cried thp locksmith. "Stop here. I'm sure we shall be very sorry to lose you, ell Joe?" Joe started, and said " Certainly." " Thank you, Varden, my dear,'' returned his wife; but I know your wishes better. Tobacco, and beer, or spirits, have much greater attractions than I can boast of, and therefore I shall go and sit up stairs and look out of window, my love. Good night, Mr. Joseph. I'm very glad to have seen you, and only wish I could have provided something more suitable to your taste. Remember me very kindly, if you please, to old air. Willet, and tell him that whenever he comes here I have a crow to pluck with him. Good night !" Having uttered these words with great sweetness of manner, the good lady dropped a curtsey remark. able for its condescension, and siedncly withdrew. And it was for this Joe had looked forward to the twenty- fifth of March for weeks and weeks, and had gathered the flowers with so much care, and had cocked his hat, and made himself so smart This was the end of all his bold determination, resolved upon for the hundredth time, to speak out to Dolly and tell her how he loved her I To see her for a minute-for but a minute-to find her going out to a party and glad to go; to be looked upon as a common pipe-smoker, beer-bibber, spirit-guzzler, and tosspot! Hle bade farewell to his friend the locksmith, and hastened to take horse at the Black Lion, thinking, as he turned towards home, as many another Joe has thought before and since, that here was an end to all his hopes; that the thing was impossible and never could be ; that she didn't care for him ; that he was wretched for life ; and that the only congenial prospect left him was to go for a soldier or a sailor, and get some obliging enemy to knock his brains out as soon as possible. (To be continued.) 