THE GRAND ORATORIO. Tne grand entertainment of sacred music which look place on the evening of Wednesday last, in St. Mary's Cathedral, came off with con siderable eclat, and was attended by a large and highly respectable audience. High expecta tions had been excited by the known genius, skill, and. professional celebrity of the experi enced and eminent composer, under whose auspices and management the Oratorio was got up and conducted; and judging from the general gratification manifested by the audience, as well as from the opinions expressed by com petent connoisseurs, we believe we are safe in saying that those expectations were not disap pointed. In noticing this entertainment we regret that our utter .ignorance of the theory of music renders us incompetent to do that justice either to the performers or performances, which their merits deserve; and in any remarks which we may feel called upon to make, we beg that our readers, whether skilled in the refined and subtle mysteries of musical science, or only tasteful admirers of the sensible beauties and sublimities of the. art, will not for one moment suppose, that we have the presumption, to at tempt anything in shape of a special critique either on the details of the entertainment, or on the quality of the performances of which it con sisted. We candidly confess that we cannot boast even of the smattering of a novice in mu sic, who might at least display some knowledge of the phraseology of the science, and some skill in the use of its terms. We deem it no presumption, however, to flatter ourselves with the belief that we are not constitutionally insensible to the charms of the Goddess Euterpe, though as yet unconscious of her gifted inspirations. There are some of our contemporaries, however, we are aware, who are so gifted, or who at all events profess to be so; they, therefore, may speak of this entertainment with the taste and address of initiated amateurs, while we can only express in general, and it may be but in definite, terms, the crude and general impressions which the pleasurable sensations excited in our own minds by the performances, corroborated by the obvious symptoms of appreciation evinced by the audience, might lead us to form. From the drift of these apologetic remarks our readers may perceive, that we wish them to ex tend their indulgence towards us on this occa sion, and to hold us excused from committing ourselves by attempting what they cannot ex pect us to be able to give, to wit, a critique en the Oratorio. We shall therefore only observe, that the per formances commenced with the New National Melody entitled . "Long Live Victoria," com posed expressly for the occasion by Nathan. We did not enter the Cathedral till this per formance was over, and we cannot therefore tell how we should like it; but we understand from connoisseurs who did hear it, that the composition is worthy the master, and deserv ing of being associated with a nobler strain of poetry. The performance was well received and appreciated by the audience. During the evening there followed in suc cession a rich selection of the sacred and classi cal compositionst of Beethoven, Haydn, Handel, and Nathan. Nathan himself presided at the Grand Organ, the full powers and compass of which could not be exhibited from the defici ency and weakness of the choral department. The principal female vocalists, were Mrs. Bushelle, and the three fair and accomplished daughters of the Hebrew Melodist. The lead ing male vocalists, were Nathan, Nathan, junior, and Bushelle. Of Mrs. Bushelle, we are happy to say that her late residence in the interior seems to have restored her to nearly her former vigour of health, and that with her physical streugth her voice has resumed its original capacity and energy. The opinion, we understand, which Nathan entertains of this lady's powers and talents as a vocalist, are highly flattering; and we could observe the feeling of worthy pride and well-merited grati fication with which the composer rose and bowed to the audience, in acknowledgment of the deep admiration with which they received and encored her performance of his own sublimely pathetic melody of "Jephtha's Daughter." In that admiration, so far as the performance of the talented vocalist was con cerned, it was obvious that Nathan himself most enthusiastically concurred; and we do not remember that we ever heard any vocalist sing with a more faithful and unaffected sym pathy in the inspiration alike of the Poet and the Composer. The melody is one of deep and thrilling pathos, and the chaste, and im pressive execution of Mrs. Bushelle told with deep dramatic effect on the feelings of the audience, evincing as it did in no ordinary degree, that lively and natural appreciation of the subject, which is itself the nearest akin to the genius that originally conceived it, and without which the conceptions of genius can never be adequately expressed. Of the other performances whatever we say must be brief. The Wild Gazelle, another beautiful and somewhat sprightly melody of Nathan's, was sung by his daughters, and de lighted the audience. The voices of these young ladies are by no means powerful, but sweet and flexible; and while their style of execution is simple and unaffected,, it evinces the musical skill and talent which they inherit from their father. Their performances, however, were attended with considerable disad vantage in so large a building, and were some times almost entirely drowned in the orchestral accompaniments. During the evening they sang several of the Hebrew Melodies with great applause. Bushelle's "Last Man," was a masterly and noble performance, and had an impressive effect on the audience, Nathan himself favor ed us with a specimen of his vocal powers in Handel's recitative and solo, "Waft her Angels through the skies." This performance was applauded, as we conceive, more as an act of good-natured condescension on the part of the melodist, than on account of the intrinsic merits of its execution; for although, undoubt edly, no man there could appreciate more exquisitely the artistical beauties (if we may be allowed the expression) of the composition than Nathan did; still it is evident that it is not in mere vocal execution that his eminence con sists; he has, doubtless, that inspiration of ge- nius which gives birth to the soul of harmony, but the voice is an instrument on which Nature has denied him the gift of adequately perform ing even his own compositions. In this respect he resembles the great Dramatist of England, the immortal Shakspeare, who, it is well-known was so indifferent an Actor, as not to have been able to perform any of his own characters with passable success, except that, we believe, of the Ghost in Hamlet. It does not detract, therefore, from the well-earned eminence of Nathan, to say that he has failed as a vocalist; neither does it incapacitate him from exercising the functions of a most skilful instructor and trainer of others, as he has proved himself to be, in the art of vocal execu tion. The arrival of so distinguished a master in this colony will, we confidently anticipate, be hereafter dated as the era in which shall have been first developed, the native talent, and it may be genius, of Australia in the ac complishments, of Musical Science. Inquests — An Inquest was held at the Labour- in-Vain Public House, Harrington = street, on Thursday afternoon last, on the body of a man named James Moore, who expired at an early hour the same morning, from lock-jaw, occasioned by a severe wound in the right hand — verdict accordingly. The deceased, was in the employ of Mr. S. A. Bryant of King- street, at the time ot his death; and received the wound by which it was occasioned while in the act ot roiling or lifting a cask in the stores of that ganileman. Another inquest was held the same day, at the Blue Lion; on the body of a man named John Smith, who expired ; suddenly, on the previous day, Dr. Dorsey, of. King-street, having made a post mortem exam- : ination of the body gave it as his opinion, that; the deceased had expired in consequence of a disease in the heart, to which he must have been subject for some time previous, and a; verdict was accordingly returned .to that effect, H. 11. Brown; Esq;; W. i/M. — in our paper of the 23rd ultimo,- we .had. an article headed "Clearances" towards the conclusion of which we made some , observations respect ing the functions and emoluments of the Water Police Magistrate, which that gentlemen has complained of as. libellous, and which we are < happy to find on enquiry are erroneous, and we do therefore consider it oqr duty to retract them. We yvwe led inlo error by a misapprehension of the information we had received ; for we in ferred as a matter of course, that if Mr. Brown was sworn in as an Officer of Customs, he would be entitled, and might with perfect con sistency lay claim to a share of the seizures lie might make in that special, capacity. What we thought objectionable in this appointment, , was; what' may be- remarked generally of -plu ralities iu the public service, that the exercise by one person of two such functions as . those of . Officer of Customs and .Water - Police Magistrate was obviously' incompatible, at all events/ with -the dignity- and' - sanc tity .of the judicial/ office. We- conceive; however, that Mr. Brown must have taken a wrong impression of our meaning / and we therefore beg to assure that gentleman that we did not by any means intend to - insinuate that he had been guilty of acting in both these incompatible capacities in any case. - We vvere not even so incautious as to state as a positive fact, that he was actually sworn in as an Officer of Customs, but qualified the rumour by saying " if we are rightly informed." We assure our readers " that although we are liable (as what journalist is not?) to be misinformed, we have, no private pique or personal feeling to gratify in making such strictures as those respecting Mr. Brown. If we are not certain about the information, we take it up as a rumour, if it concerns the public interest, and we treat it hypothetically, so that if true, good may be done by exposing and checking the evil, and if unfounded, no harm is done, for it may pre vent the occurrence of the like evil by anticipa tion, and the party whom the rumour affects , has an opportunity afforded hira of correcting the misrepresentation, under which he would other wise labour, probably for a length, of time, and much to his disad vantage, if the .rumour were not published in the manner we have referred to. In the case, of Mr. Brown, we handled the report of his rumoured pluralities merely as a rumour, not as a fact, of which there was no doubt, and we hinted inferentially, that " if he shared in seizures or fines, he could not consist ently act as Magistrate in such cases," and farther that, on the assumption of the fees for licenses of departure, forming a part of his supposed perquisites/such fees might possibly '•super induce a dangerous facility in granting without scrupulosity and caution, the licenses from wkich they accrue.'' Our sole object in hazarding these remarks was simply, that they might operate either as a. preventative, to any such combination, of offices, should such be con templated, or as an antidote to the possible abuse of such a combination, should such have actually taken place. It was possible, we imagined, that the Government might have deemed such a combination of offices expedi ent in the person of Mr. Brown, — expedient as a matter of temporary convenience, without meaning that the exercise of ;the functions of the one office should be admissible in any case where the functions of the other office had been, or might be exercised ; we did not assert that Mr. Brown had acted, or even insinuated that he was capable of acting; in 'any case, in the two-fold, and incompatible capacity of Custom-house Officer and Magistrate; but while we disclaim any such intention, and protest against any such construction being put upon our language, we contend that we had a right, as a public and impartial journalist, bound to watch with zealous vigilance the con duct of public men, to notice even vague ru mours on a subject that concerned ' the public interest, and. to make use of them in the way either of cautionary or of reformatory criticism, just as the rumours might turn out, true or false. The truth in this case proves, we are happy to understand, to be, that Mr. Brown does not share in any seizures or fees what soever connected with either the Customs or Police departments; and consequently the in ferences which we made from the hypothetical assumptions from which we argued, are, inap plicable to him. We advise Mr. B., however, not to be too thin-skinned, or over-sensitive at any erroneous but well-meant structures of the press on his public conduct ; instead of being fractious or vindictive he will gain much more by being otherwise disposed. These little ah? noyances are the inevitable incidents of office, and it might probably be construed into- a symptom of conscious want of merit or obnox- iousness to censure, if a- public man appears too sensitive or restive under them. News and Rumours of the Day.— A man named Michael Farrel was committed for trial on Thursday last on the charge of stealing the great coat of Mr; James Macarthur, from the Hall of the Australian Club House, some days previously.— -A- late Hamburgh paper contains the appointment of Mr. W. H . Dutton, as. Vice-consul at Sydney, for the Hanse Towns.-r-The following appointments relative to the colony of New Zealand, have been made known at Dowuing-street, viz.-r?-to be Chief Justice of that C/OJonyj Vyiliiaiii iViartiny «stji to be Attorney- General of the same, William Swainson, Esq. ; to be Commissioner of Crown Lands, William. Spain, Esq.— A series of lec tures upon Astronomy are being delivered by Mr. Walker, at the rooms of the Library As sociation, Parramatta, the second of which was delivered yesterday evening. — Mr. Hastings Elwyii the local manager of the Australian Trust Company, arrived in Sydney by the Duchess of Northumberland, on Thursday last, it is said a considerable amount in specie has also arrived by that ship.— The monthly meeting "of the Australian Social Lodge will be held at the Masonic Hall, York?street, on Monday next.— JEneas Ranaldson Macdonell, of Wollongong, Esq , has been appointed a Magistrate of the Territory, by his Excellency the. Governor.— The Victpria Theatre will close for the season on Saturdny next. Night LicenSes.;— A Petty Session for granting Night Licenses was held at the Police Office, on Wednesday last, when 110 of those licenses were granted, of which 48 are to sell till ten, 5 to sell till half past ten ; 14 to sell till eleven ; 8 near the Victoria Theatre are allowed to sell till ten, and on nights when the Theatre is open, till twelve; 29 others are li- ceiised to sell till twelve ; 3 to sell till one ; and. 3 to remain open all night. Qne public- house was also licensed to open an honr earlier on the market days, and eight, received Billiard Licenses, being allowed to' keep open till twelve. . , 