8YDNEY SCHOOL OF ARTS. We noticed last week the Sydney Debating Society. The following extract from the Herald, will shew the reader how much interest the public take in the proceeding of the Society :— Ghost Discussion at the School of Arts On Monday evening, one of the most densely crowded and respectable audiences ever before seen at the School of Arts, assembled to hear the tu mination of the debate on apparitions. A large proportion of the visitors were ladies. Besides members, about fifty strangers paid for admission. The room was half filled as early as seven o'clock. The Rev. D. Mackenzie took the chair at half-past seven, when Mr. Slatterie read some clever prose strictures on the previous speakers,—a well composed story in verse,—and an epistle from a lady, which called forth some witty remarks on gallantry from the reader and the Chairman. Mr. Rennie said, as gallantry was the order t»f the night he would pass over a host of other papers sent to him, to read one from a lady—(Selina) who had given elaborate and correct definitions of the subjects in dispute, disproving by this a false phrenological opinion, that she wanted the organ of Causality. The great number of papers in hand will be read on a future evening. Mr. Rae opened the discussion, and, though labouring under sore throat, made an excellent speech in favour of apparitions; and amongst other rather questionable doctrines, maintains superstition to be inseparable from religion and from poetry. Though he was himself a believer in phrenology he disapproved of the ridicule which Mr. a'Beckett, in his lecture, had endeavoured to throw upon the belief in ghosts, and as a good natured retaliation, read a very witty Jim-Crow Lecture on Phrenology, on the importance of the bumps of " Him know what *im aboutof "Take what you can getof" Steal what vou can of " Him draw longbow," &c.; which produced roars of laughter. He referred for the truth of apparitions to universal belief, and said we might as well disbelieve the existence of Mount Vesuvius as of ghosts. Mr. Taylor, in an out-and-out clever speech, opposed Mr. Rae and the apnaritionists, and quoted Shaksneare to prove that if one should be fool enough to "call up spirits from the vasty deep,"— they will not come when called ; inferring that we could not call up ghosts to testify to their own existence, as we could prove the existence of Mount Vesuvius by goiug thither. We are sorry that we forgot to note some of Mr. Taylor's best hits, by being carried off the legs of our understanding in joining the rapturous applause and bravos of the audience. The speaker sat down amidst loud cheer- ing- Mr. Holdsworth followed on the same side, and told a cock-and-bull story about a black cock as a pendant to Mr. Vannet's black dog. Mr. Holdsworth is a very sensible and rational speaker. Mr. John Davies rose to explain his story of the great bass fiddle which pitched and tossed itself about as if instinct with life, and took surprising leaps like the man in -3Jsop's Fables. Mr. Davies did not see why a black letter record might not be received as equally good evidence with that of the story of Brutus's ghost. Mr. Rennie said it was not very safe to venture to speak in Sydney for fear of the Press, which had so recently attacked the speaking of decidedly the best speaker in the Colony. He was not anxious to come forward there as a debater. His wish was simply to do all he could to promote the bebates, whose object it was to train up young men as public speakers and independent thinkers for our future 'ouse of Assembly. He took some credit to himreby enforcing punctuality on the speakers, before so shamefully neglected. Notwitlistanding his unwillingness to take up their time, ho could not let pass the very grave and monstrous errors of Mr. Slatterie, Mr. Rae, the Rev Mr. Atkins, and Mr. Fletcher,—errors which lie was certain, struck at the very root of sound morality and religion,—without denouncing them as such and lifting up his voice against them. The gravest of these errors, more or less adopted by all the above speakers, bears that apparitions arc sent to give forewarning of danger, to discover murders, and the like, and if so it is fair logic to conclude that they are means made use of bv Divine Providence for such purposes. Mr. Atkins went even so far as to say, that amongst heathen nations now, tbi6 is the means by which God supplies to them the want of revelation j and thence, of course, it clearly follows that the moral government of Providencc is conducted by apparitional agency. A more immoral, a more irreligious, a more monstrous, a more absurd and ill- founded doctrine could not be conceived, even if it should be eloquently propounded and cleverly defended. Mr. Fletcher explained the Campbelltown ghost story—assisted by the chairman, who gave the correct (?) version of it. Mr. Fletcher also fought hard and well to repel Mr. Rennie's inferences as to the immoral and irreligious tendency of his arguments. Mr. Thomas Day—a clever young man, a native of the colony—made a few remarks on the same side, but from the bustle of persons going out, very politely making more noise than necessary, we could not distinctly follow hiin. Mr. Slatterie, claiming his privilege as leader of replying, made a few exceedingly appropriate, good-humoured, and facetious remarks upon the hits which had been aimed at bim by the several speakers. He is quite a paragon of good nature an optimist of the very description indispensable for a debator. The Chairman, before putting the question, said, from the whole discussion it appeared to him that ghosts have four very striking characteristics. First, they rarely appear in dajOight—" they love darkness, their deeds are evil"—therefore he inferred that ghosts are great cowards. Secondly, they rarely appear to more than one- person, therefore ghosts are very cunning. Thirdly, they rarely visit towns and cities, but frequent lonely places and wild countries, being afraid to face a posse of policemen and their batons; therefore ghosts are not urbane and civilized. Fourthly, they disappear wherever knowledge and intelligence are diffused; therefore ghoaia hate knowledge. On the question being put some dozen or two of hands were held up in favour of ghosts ; against them there was a whole forest of hands. Therefore it is proved that there arc no ghosts in Australia. Mr. Mackenzie then vacated the chair, which was taken by Mr. Rennie, when a vote of thanks to the Chairman, moved by Mr. Slatterie and seconded by Mr. Rae, was carried by acclamation, and three times three cheers to the great ability, urbanity, and good humour with which Mr. Mackenzie had for three nights, conducted the business of the debate. He was indeed the very life and soul of the meeting. On next Monday, " To drink or not to drink ? that is the question. Whether it be preferable to adopt, 1, the Tee-total principle; 2, the Temperance principle; 3, or neither of these principles." Mr. Rennie will take the chair, and Mr. N. Bourne will lead the debate in favour of the second against the first and third principles. The names of intending speakers must be transmitted to the Chairman, with the side which they will take. 