iEltssrellaiuous. News-Malting — Can anything dead or alive, more pitiably unhappy be con ceived, than a jaded scribbler for the public press— srtting doivn to his task at the last moment, with an nnliinn- lipnri and an empty stomach — or vice versa, which is qxactly the same in effect? Imagine the forlorn drudge's sensation as he doggedly lifts the quiff stump and moves it instinctively totvards that fountain of good and evil, the ink- pot, surcharged Avilli both the gall of bitter ness and the honey of adulation. He is destitute of a topic — his ovcrAvrought brain has exhausted its stock of images, and he can fancy nothing but the ghost of an idea, already hackneyed through all the changes of the alphabet — 110 subject that has not been hackneyed to death by the hungry scissors of bor rowers and imitators. Yet must he continue to feed the iron jaws of the press ! There is no release from the undertaking. He is in for it, and sterile or feitile, feasting or starving, his imagi nation must be Avrung daily, yea, hourly, for wherewithal., .to meet the merciless demands of the demon at his elbow.— Other men may cat, drink, and sleep.; may lie, move, and have a being, like decent creatures ; the merchant may re lax in time of sickness, or retire at seasons of enjoyment; the mechanic, may forego a job Avheri he breaks a limb, or chooses a holiday to go a-fish- ing; the farmer may Avork or let it alone ; and the mariner bus frequent intermission amidst the toils and storms of his career, and the Avorld Avags on without confusion, nevertheless; they only comparatively feel the consequen ces. Not so Avith the slave of types ! For him there is no holiday. No re pose, no retreat await his tired poAvers. When he skulks, the Avorld comes to an end, and chaos riots! Nor is it merely indispensable that he should labour at brief and stated intervals— the most irk some sort of employment from its very constancy and regularity and unceasing recurrence; he must also put forth his efforts at something ncAV. The reading public have become a spoiled child", Avith .a_ depraved appetite, perpetually hankering after novelties, montrosities, and impossibilities. In tins fabrication of these cruelties for quidnunos, a re newal, of intellect once a year, at least, should be provided for. There is an end even to " the spider's most attenu ated thread;" and Avhatever maker of long yarns can be required in reason, not only to spin out like a spider, the substances of his body, but that of bis brain also ? Truly this is a cruel world ; and the man who meddles with para graphs, a miserable piece of carneotfs machinery. Stock of Galloway Cattle and Lei- cester Sheep, shipped for Sydney, New South Wales. — We have just seen several choice specimens of these kinds of black cattle and sheep shipped on board the Ariadne, from this port, by Mr. Hugh Wallace, from Dumfries-shire, who, with his family is going out to settle in New South Wales. The cattle and sheep are, we have good reason to be lieve, selected from first-rate stocks for purity, symmetry and Aveight. Our readers are aAvare that the Galloway breed of cattle, too long inconsiderately mixed Avith other blood, and thereby deteriorated, lias, for several years past, been the object of the utmost care in the selection of parents of reputed purity and excellence, Avith the vicav of im proving and increasing the breed of llmt avoII known and approved kind of stock. The bull and coavs Avhich Ave have seen, avc doubt not, are such as GalloAvay has every reason to be proud of, and that they will prove of great consequence to the colony to Avhich they are taken, not only as a pure breed of the Galloway kind, but for the purpose of crossing Avith the various classes of cattle in the colony, to improve their symmetry, and add both to their Aveight and quality of flesh. We understand the Galloway bull taken out by Mr. Wallace Avas got from Mr. Donnan, farmer, Isle of Whit- borne, in Wigtonsliire. The cows are out of the most approved stocks in Galloway. One cow Avas bred by Mr. SteAvard, of Glasserton, in Wigtonsliire, As a quey it carried off a premium aAvarded to the breed of Galloway stock by the Highland and Agricultural So ciety of Scotland. The other coav, bred by Mr. Sproat, of Borness, in Borgue, Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, Avas got by a prime male, out of a cow Avliich also gained the Highland Society's premium at the last Dumfries SIioav. The sheep are equally good of their kind as the black cattle. They Avere part of the extensive and excellent slock of Leices ter sheep belonging to Mr. Watson, in Keillor, Perthshire, and to Mr. Wilkin, Tinrvald Doaviis, Dumfries-shire. One of the rams is out of a choice cavc by the well-knoAvn ram, " The Kcillcr Gude- man," The other ram Avas got by the sheep Avhidi carried off the Highland Society's premium at the Perth Show, in 1 836. The four Leicester ewes got by Mr. Wallate, from Mr. Watson, ore partly of the blood of the Keillor Gude- man, and partly the Perth premium sheep. Though not of the largest and heaviest kind of sheep, they are beauti fully bred, given to fat, and carry thick fleeces of very fine wool. Mr. Wilkin's rams and cavcs arc of a larger but still of a very good kind of Leicester sheep ; and we think, both from the increase of bone and the great covering of avooI which they carry, that many advantages will result from crossing the breeds of country Avith Mr. Wilkin's sheep, both rams and ewes. We hope these fine animals may safely and in good condition reach their intended pasture land, and that the Avell .grounded anticipations en tertained of them may be fully realised. — Gheenocic Advertiser. Interesting to Naturalists. — The barque Mcdora, Captain Harrison, Avhich arrived at this port, on Thursday last, from Bombay, brought, as passcrgers, a young lioness, a female hytena, un usually healthy and docile, and a beau tiful specimen of the chctal, or white- spotted Indian gazelle. It is true that the importation of these animals into Great Britain is not an event of unfre- quent occurrence. The fact with which the naturalist will be most especially interested is, that in the course of the tempestuous voyage Avhich the Medora has completed, six chickens Avere hatched and reared on board of her. By the majority of naturalists it has been doubted and by many of them stoutly denied, that incubation could be successfully completed on ship board, as the rolling, pitching, and jerking motions of a ves sel must materially interrupt, if they did not actually suspend a process, during the continuance of which it was ima gined to be necessary that the nest re main in an even position, and undis turbed. The result of the experiment tried on board the Medora, it would ap pear, lias settled the question, as the parent hen Avas purchased in Bombay, the eggs Avere laid by her on the home ward passage, and the chickens hatched some fifteen days before the arrival of the vessel at Liverpool. This Indian brood are thriving as rapidly as if the " taking airs" of the cold north were their native climate. It is presumed, that the instance now recorded is, if not (as it is believed) unprecedented, at least rare. — Liverpool Paper. A Republican's Remarks on the English Regency Bill. — The Avorking of the monarchical principle, as illustrated in the case of Great Britain at this mo ment is curious enough. A young lieu tenant of Austrian liuzzars, by the Regency Bill, and in virtue of his mar riage Avith the Queen, may become the sovereign for years in Great Britain; and one of the foremost nations of the earth agrees quietly to submit to the government of this foreign youth.' It is certainly a great experiment at this period of free enquiry and general agita tion, although of profound peace, thus to give the sceptre into trust, where no associations exist to invest the trustee i Avith any of those allusions, or prestigez, Avhich, in other like cases, have served to sanction such vicarious royalty. In the contingency looked to by the re gency bill, of the Queen's dying in giving, birth to an heir to the crown, Prince Albert Avill viitually be the sove reign for eighteen years, and in the pos session of the Avhole power of the mon arch, though only called regent; and yet he is to Englishmen but an acquain tance of yesterday, and concerning Avhose habits or principles they can as yet knoAV little or nothing. To us on this side the Atlantic, avIio, inheriting the English tongue and blood, look to our mother land with interest, the spectacle thus presented is almost in comprehensible. The experience of half a century of self-government under elective rulers renders this appointment of a young stranger to be king for a term of years over the British empire almost ridiculous; and it is Avith diffi culty that grave and gray-bearded men can comprehend the acquiescence of age, experience, eminent public service, and approved patriotism, in setting up overtiicm and above them this beardless foreigner. If the case shall arise, which Ave hope may not, for proving the mon archical principal, as illustrated in this regency act, wc deem it not improbable, that commotion and violence may be found ; that what, in bygone ages, min-lit be safely and naturally restored to, can hardly control the passions or satisfy the judgements of this more excited, more questioning, and more innovating epoch. It is connected Avith the great question noAv dividing opinions throughout Eu rope, that struggle of opposite and irreconcileable principles, the monar chical and the democratic theory of government; and it is presenting the question for monarchy in one of its Aveakest forms. Man, a Wonderful Being. — O, man ! lord of the creation ! what will be the limit to thy inventive genius ? What prodigies hast thou not already accom plished ! Thou hast erected houses to shield thee from the elements ; mansions and palaces have also sprung up nt thy command. Thou hast conducted ships and steamers to bear thee over the great deep to distant climes, and hast invented the mariner's compass to guide thee on thy voyage. Wa'.chcs and chronome ters to measure time, OAvn thee for their maker. Thou hast manufactured guns and gunpowder to destroy thine enemies, and, also, the birds of the air, and the beasts of the field. Thou hast brought to Avonderful perfection the art of print ing, and hast disseminated knowledge among men in the remotest corners of the earth. Thou hast made the sun itself turn artist, and sketch from na ture. The Red Indians acknoAvledgc thy superiority. Thou hast made rail ways and carriages to carry thee swifter than the tvind. Thou hast passsed a night in the clouds, and lias crossed the Channel in a balloon ! Thou hast, by means of tbe diving-bell, visited the re cesses of tbe ocean ! Thou hast con structed bridges over rivers, and iioav thou bast made roads under them ! National Characters. — In a Avell- known house in the City, thcrendezvous of all foreigners, as well as English and Irish, a Frenchman thought to amuse the company at the expense of an in telligent and good humoured Swiss. "Your countrymen," said he, "serve under all European monarchs." It is true," replied the SAviss, " avc are poor, and Ave fight for that Avhich Ave most stand in need of — money or pay, call it as you will;" but, said he to the French- nan, " Avhat do you fight for?" "Ho nour," exclaimed the impetuous French man. " Weil then," said the Swiss, " Ave both, it seems, fight for Avliat Ave stand in need of most — Ave for money and you for honour." Marriage of Lord John Russell. — We learn on good authority, that the noble Secretary for the Colonies is shortly to be united in marriage Avith one of the Ladies Elliott, daughter of the Earl of Minto, First Lord of the Admiralty. Lord John Russell it Avill be recollected, spent some time at Minto Castle, Roxburghshire, in the course of the recent autumn. The ceremony is to take place previous to the meeting of Parliament. Rum, Avhen in oyVheads, is capa ble of doing but little mischief; but when It gets into znens-headB, then look .out I Tight sleeves and large flounces all the rage in Paris. Some ladies wear se\'en of. the latter on their dresses. Steam Boat Challenge. — Mr. Smith', of the Archimedes, has published a challenge, to run the Archimedes against any paddle-wheel steamer in the king dom, the power of Avhich is not supe rior, and the tonnage and draught of Avater not less than that vessel. The trial to take place in the open sea, over a distance of 100 or 500 miles, for the sum of 1,000 guineas ! The trial must take place before the 15th of October next, and the. challenge does not extend to vessels Avith high pressure engines. A Sensible Little Boy. — A friend of Mr. Cartwright, the celebrated den tist, took his son to have his mouth inspected'by that able artist, Avho, with wonderful celerity removed seven of the boy's first teeth. Upon the boy crying out Avitli surprise and a little pain, Cart- Avright said, " Ner-er mind it, Johnny , your teeth will come again." Johnny, Avith tears in his eyes, inquired, "Will they come again before dinner, Mr. Cartwright ? — Bentley's Miscellany . y The Benefit of Advertising. — A mer chant in a northern city lately put an advertisement in a paper, headed " Bov Avanted." Next morning lie found a bandbox on his door-step, with this inscription — " IIow Avill this answer?" On opening it he found a nice, fat chubby-looking specimen of the article he Avanted, Avarmly done up in flannel. 