AUGUST 27th , 1841. By the Asia convict ship the Lieutenant- Governor has received no dispatches of importance. As usual, the public may take the ghost’s word for it, that those which have come, are “ highly satisfactory.” That we may not be suspected like other prints of repeating this pleasing intelligence for form sake alone, it will be as well to refer to proof at once, and when we inform our readers that the conditions prescribed for the incorporation of the Coal Company, by the local Government, which are of an exceedingly favourable character, inasmuch as they guarantee a certain proportion of convict labour upon the payment of 10d. per day, although the lease does not extend to a longer period than 20 years, at the expiration of which time, however, the machinery­ and materiel of the Company, in the event of it getting out of their hands, are to be taken at a fair valuation—have been all approved by the Queen, we are quite sure that the forty original shareholders of the Company, will not be inclined to dispute the fact of the despatches being highly satisfactory. The Company is now placed in the possession of most undoubted privileges, which if properly used, may turn out greatly to the advantage of the community, and the individual profit of the shareholders. There was, we recollect, a great outcry made in some of the colonial papers about this Company being a monopoly, because a number of gentlemen undertook it, and because any who before would, if asked, have ridiculed the idea of forming it, were too late to procure shares, as soon as it promised to be a profitable speculation. We trust that now the question of the approval of the Home Government is set at rest, rigorous measures will at once be adopted, to carry out the objects of the Company. By the latest accounts from the shafts we learn, that a vein of very beautiful coal, but of scarcely any thickness, was discovered- The borers have passed this, expecting to reach a thicker vein of the same sort. We have seen some specimens, superior even to Sydney coal. It is of the utmost consequence that the works should be prosecuted with industry, now that even the abominable Port Arthur coal is so difficult to be procured, at any thing like a reasonable price, to say nothing of the inducements which the discovery of good coal would hold out to steam navigation,—the Port Arthur being quite useless for that purpose, and the expence of Sydney coal, as is well known, being one of the chief reasons for withdrawing the fine steamer SEAHORSE from this port. 