CORONER'S INQUEST. On Friday, the 6th instant, an inquest was convened at the Court House, before P. A. Mulgrave, Esq., Coroner, upon view of the body of John Woodley, an infant aged about five months. Mrs. Ann Bibbin - I was at the house of James Woodley, the father of deceased, who was about two months old, and christened yes- terday; I went there about eleven o'clock at night, and remained till between two and three in the morning; there was merriment, and John Allen and his wife were there; when I went away the mother of the child was nursing it; she was quite sober; the father was asleep in a chair by the bed-side; I had had the child in my arms a considerable time before the mother took it from me to undress it; it was lively and in good health; I saw nothing given to the child while I was in the house; I saw no spirits or wine in the house of Woodley last night. John Allen - I have known the child ever since it was born; I have lived next door to Woodley and his wife since May last; Wood- ley is a maltster for Messrs. Button & Waddle; the child was two months old the day it was christened (yesterday); I have been in the house frequently since the child was born; the parents always appeared to treat it very kindly; no person drank to excess last night; when I left the house about two o'clock in the morning every person was sober; there was very little drink excepting beer, and there was only one dollar's worth of gin between fifteen and six- teen men, and six or seven women; I believe the women would not taste the gin; I left several persons in the house when I went away this morning; Ann Bibbin was nursing the child, and both the mother and father were quite sober; Woodley is an industrious, sober, man, and I believe not in distressed circum- stances; he had a female child about three years old, besides deceased. John Stone - Went to the house of the parents of deceased about seven o'clock, and re- mained until two o'clock this morning; at that time Mrs. Woodley had gone to bed with her child; Woodley and a lodger named Jarman were up; Woodley was sober, and so was his wife when she went to bed; I saw Mrs. Bibbin give the child into her mother's arm; she was then alive; I did not hear her cry afterward. Henry Jarman - I have lodged in the house of James Woodley about a fortnight; I have worked with him in the brewery about six years; they were a sober pair; his wages were 35s. a week, and his wife took in washing; they lived happily together; Mrs. Woodley and her husband were quite sober last night; Mrs. W. went into her bed-room before two o'clock; I left Woodley and his children and went to bed; I have been unwell for this month past; between five and six o'clock this morning Wood- ley came into my room and asked me, as usual, if I wanted anything, before he went to work; he then left my room, and I heard him say, "Good bye Kitty, I am going to work;" I im- mediately heard Mrs. Woodley say, "Oh! Lord," or "Oh! dear; the child is dead;" I don't know what more passed, but Woodley said he would fetch a doctor; he left the house and soon after returned with Dr. Grant; I did not see the child at all; Woodley and his wife appeared much agitated and grieved; I do not know where Woodley and his wife slept that night; he said he slept upon the sofa, and his wife and children in bed together. Dr. Grant - Had been called in and examined the body; it exhibited natural appearances, and no marks of external violence; the chest was much dintended, apparently from wind; upon again examining the body found the usual dark marks underneath, arising from the gra- vitation of the blood; the lungs gave out a frothy mucous upon being pressed, and there was a small quantity of blood about the left region of the heart; death arose from suffoca- tion caused from an overflow of blood, and an extension of the lungs. I believe the death of the child to have arisen from natural causes, and not from being overlaid; Mrs. Woodley was quite frantic from grief, Woodley was also much affected; I never knew similar symptons to cause death, although it would very readily do so. Mrs. Catherine Woodley, mother of deceased, gave similar testimony to that before deposed to. The Jury returned a verdict of "Died by the visitation of God from natural causes, and not otherwise." THE LATE EXECUTIONS. - We have se-e veral communications on this subject, which for the most part censure his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor for not having ex- tended the hand of mercy towards the cri- minals and spared their lives. We are not settled in our opinion as to the policy or impolicy of carrying out the sentence of the law in the case of the two men Patrick Wallace and John Watson, on Saturday week last. If we recollect aright, it was not proved in evidence on their trial that they were guilty of violence to any persons who fell into their hands when engaged in the prosecution of their unlawful practices, and were not, therefore, according to the liberal notions of the age deserving of death - but it should not be forgotten that both of them were characters who for years had put the laws at defiance, and had car- ried on a system of plunder upon the in- habitants which might have been attended with bloodshed. Patrick Wallace was a party in the murder of Dr. Waddle, in Sydney, some years back - he turned King's evidence - gave up his accomplices to jus- tice - who were convicted on his evidence, and expiated their crime on the gallows. For this service Wallace received a free pardon, and was shortly afterwards, for some crime committed by him, transported for life, and sent to this colony. His con- duct ever since has been most atrocious - and it is quite probable that His Excellency felt that he could not, in justice to society, exercise the prerogative in him vested to- wards the unhappy man. But, however justly the lives of these men have been forfeited, their execution failed to furnish any thing like an example to deter the witnesses of it from the com- mission of crime. If example then he the inducement to hanging, it is a pity the ex- hibition was resorted to. Patrick Wallace addressed a letter, of which the following is a copy, to a com- panion in crime, which we trust will have the effect on him the writer appears to wish:- H. M. Gaol, Launceston, Jan. 22nd., 1841. READER. - Whoever you be into whose hands this may fall, consider these words as much for you as fur Thomas Hemor, and as much for them who hears. Thomas Hemor. I find it my duty to warn you of your danger for three reasons. First, because you are an accomplice of mine in crime; second, because you are my brother, as des- cending from Adam; and lastly, because my inward monitor urges me to do so. I now, as a dying man, exhort you to cast yourself on the anchor or hope, before a ground surf rises and carries you into the depth of the waters, from whence there is no recovery. You may say, where is this anchor of hope? It is every where, and at every person's call who calls in sincerity - this anchor is Jesus. How are you to make your call so as it will be considered sin- cere? First, consider who made you; and se- cond, what you are; and third, what you are made for. Answer to these considerations. You know God made you, and put in you an im- mortal soul, wliich will never die; secondly, what you are, conscience tells you a wicked sinner; thirdly, what you were made for, God himself and his Prophets, Apostles, and holy ministers. And now myself tells you, that you were not made for an inhabitant of this earth; your time here is a leave of absence to prepare you for another and a better world, or else a much worse. You will eagerly say, I desire no worse, tell me Paddy, how am I to escape worse? I will tell you Thomas. Behold, first, the love of God; second, his condescension; and, thirdly, his mercy ; and last, his power. First, his love in making you in his own image and likeness, and providing a maintenance for you; further, as by the fall of out first parents Adam and Eve, we were doomed to death eternally; and why did we not die? Because God loved us, and in mercy formed a covenant with Adam and Eve and to all their posterity, that he would raise of the seed of the woman what would kill the serpent and atone in full for their sins. And did God do all this for you? Yes; when the fullness af time, says St. Paul, was conic, God sent forth his only Son, made of a woman, made under the law. This atonement was no other than God the Son the second person in the blessed Trinity; he was conceived of the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary, perfect man as well as perfect God. He was accused by the very persons for whom he condescended to leave his mansion of glory and come upon this wicked earth to give his life a ransom for our sins. They, the Jews accused him wrongfully. What was the consequence? He was condemned, and ordered for execution ; to be crueilied — to be uailtrd to a ctoss of wood, croivncrd with thorns, or lo suy it betlir, spike nails— pierced with a spear liy the soldiers, and u robber and murderer reprieved bef.ire him. You may lie ; baidened and say, well Christ would not bare i suffered all this it he could escape. O, I will ] not believe you arc that hardened. But liow- ' ever he could escaped all if he clioose ; , lie was pel feet God »» well us man,- all things to him was possible, and nothing iinpos- 1 iilile. It is in tilts instance you may lielioid Ihe love Cod had For fallen man, and hai for you. What did Christ guin for me ? — Answer, pardon or my sins, on conditions only I nelicve in and love him, and on those c-indi. lions he lias promised you much mole, he has promised to reward the good nilli eternal hap piness, and give them a cioivn of glory. A cruvvn, did you say ? -cs, & cj'own fui exceeding Oh, whutatreiisuie: Tell me, I'uddy, Jicm- 1 am to get this endurable liilies. Believe in God, houe in God, ami love Oil. pray to God ' for his Holy Spirit, lie is conlinuully paying attention, if you play in fuilli, out of u gooJ i commuted, »nd a firm solution !lir..j»d God's BKhibttuicc fiuvcr to commit t Item nu iiioic, God , will have mercy on you us he had on inc. and ' will grunt you your request, and teach louhew you can please him. May God grunt it Thomas, | he does not alwuys compel sinners, lie ufleisthcui pardon, and allows them to clioute oi reject, therefore liU love and mercy lo me is ficutcr. I will now sneah vf Goil'i gicut mercy, of wliich I am at present a living monument. You know Thomas how hardened I Has, and what wicked Climes I was addicted to, and you hure Iicilld, ; iiodoulit, I nuuld not be instructed fji a lung time after my present coudeinnatio'i. Uut, thnnk« be to God fui liis love lie lias displayed to nte, his wisdom tind tnciey is wundcrful to wards me, wretched and rebellious i» 1 was. He saw me when h fur way oil', aud tent his Spiiit to compel me. to came, uud opened my understanding, in order that 1 inigLl sec my danger. 1 loo'.ed mid saw myself on tlic liiiuk of denial destruction, and Satan behind, jutt going to push me into everlasting liui uiiip, where tlicwonii ne-vei dielhandthc fire is not uucuclied. I I was alamied— I hud no time to io»e. I im- ,' mediately enquired, Loid, what shall 1 do to lie taved ? His Holy Spiiit annvcnd, Relieve I on the Lord Jesus and do guod works, and thou sha It lie saved. I earnestly enquired wliut was good works? The Spiiit and Clirist replied. Prayer and fatling— which will produce three virtues that most pleases me. Tlic.c tluee vir tues is Faith, Hope, mid Love, or oj. it may Iw called Charily. I immediately set about this great work; iccoinnieiidci by God's spiiit 1 knew through wenk fiilh it must be true ; and fur ever he piaisrd (lie Holy Trinity wlio all assisted I liis great work of Salvation. I am shortly to Icuie (his dreary woild; und were my free pardon now bcfoic nic, 1 firmly resolve, through God's spiiit, was that free pardon cfl'eied me for committing a mortal sin, 1 would sooner die than commit the sin. 1 am happy ill my mind whcthei I live or die; God's will be done. I am sure that I will be for ever happy when I die. Think not this it vanity ; it » God and his Spirit showed me it. On Wednes day night Jesus Christ appealed in the form of man Kt the fout of my bed, thetcby leaching an example of humility; he was clothed fion head 10 foot pure white robes, and u white | napkin on his. He then spoke to me in spirit. AnJ what did he say ? Language wo iderful, | attended with joy ; says he, Fcur not. i hiii thy ] shield und exceeding gicat reward. \ou might ' have heard me piuying arter. I Tliomiu, 1 could tell you a deal more, but my paper will not altow ; thererore, if you value your soul and eternal welfare, you will mend your ways. Look fust ut the dreadful I doom awaiting and llien look at who you arc onY-n.liiig. Hell miJ damnation is wailing Tor you if )ou continue tn offend as you so loving, so merciful, so powerful, so just, and good h G-.il and fuilicr us Cud i». repent, und what awaits you ? a ciown of glory, the company of tlic glorious and blessed Trinity, (he company i.f saints mid anucls, riiJ. mine, I hope. Oh, such lielict — and dreadful such miseries, you iiiUkI be nity, eternity. Think seriously, icQcct on Uiese truths, and do nut content yourself ivitli once oi n dozen times reading, or else you have no regard for me. And limy Gud in hi, me«-y stiikr this home to your heart, and produce tlie desired cHert for ClirUl's sake, and it will add to my happiness. PATRICK WALLACE. KEEP A GOOD LOOK OUT AHEAD. - The Hindostan, from the Downs, 8th October, with 200 boys and 9 adults arrived on Monday. She reports having falling in with a large iceberg, on the morning of the 17th December, in lat. 41° 42' S., long. 21° 36'F.. It was first seen 8 A. M., about 12 miles off on the larboard bow \- steered towards it, and passed within musket shot of the immense mass at 10; its dimensions were at least three miles in circumference, and three hundred feet high. On the south side was observed a cascade, pouring a large column of water from a great height into the sea. Several large pieces of ice fell from its sides into the deep, with an awful splash, during the time the Hindostan was passing. The sight, says an informant, who has seen many icebergs both in the northern and southern hemisphere, "was grand and imposing." The highest part had the appearance of ancient castle in ruins. Three of its sides were very precipitous, the fourth presenting a long low neck, gradually rising to the summit of the berge. Many smaller pieces were seen floating to leeward, no doubt originally part of the large one. It was last seen from the deck at 3. 30 P. M., the ship, at the time, having gone six knots an hour. It has been very generally believed, that ice bergs may be anticipated as being near, by the rapid, and great fall of the temperature of the air and waler. That was not the case in the present instance, however, is shewn by the fol- lowing quotation from our informant's diary, which gives the temperature or the air and waler, at corresponding hours' on the two days preceding that on which the iceberg was seen, as well as on that day, namely - December 15, air S7° water Gfi° — lfilb, air C0=- waler GO -= — 1 7th air 55° water 53°. These observa tions were taken at 6 A. M. each day, from which, it appears that the temperature at Ihnt hour on the 17th was - air 55 ° water 53°, whilst close to the Iserg (to lecwaid of it) at 10 k. h. ou the same day the temperature was 58° in air, and S3=- in water. On the fol lowing day, six small icehergt were seen, the Hindostan passing close to two of them— clear weather both days ? H. T. Advertiser. The Government Colonial Bute Ui BEi.LA — This vessel arrived from Hobart Town early on Sunday morning, having on board Tony live women far assignment. Running foi George Town, she went on shore upon the Middle Ground ; upon being got on', it was foun.l that she had sprung a leak, and tlmt the pumps could not keep her free, the muter was there fore obliged lo run her uthorv upun the beach at West Head. Upon intelligence reaching town or the circumstances, Mr. Flunks, Ihe Superintendent of Convicts, ivitli assistants, proceeded doivu lhc river and took the women into his charge, and on Wednesday night re turned to town with the whole of (hem in (he buoy liuat. Tlic Inig has eleven feet waler in her on tbc (loud ; she is being patched up pro tern, until slic can undergo a thorough repair in the floating dock. | 