< ©«r SSEUckly preface. Friends, Romans, Countrymen, lend usyour ear6, We come (this time) to bury Gmsar, and would , praiee him - (if- we could). The evil that men do, lives after them, The good is oft interred, like the bones (Of Hyde Park prisoners, when the marrow's out) This should not be with Csesar, But Bruty says he is malicious, And Bruty is an honorable man, So are they all — all honorable men. The fact is, they want to frighten us to death, and it we, were not in a hurry, we would tell you the whole story, in blank verse, just like Shak-; speare, for that was: our humor when we began but it - is changed, for many reasons — one is, .we don't think you like it — another, we have already hinted at,-— the devil pressing 1 for whatever we've ; got, and as we write»on one leg, as it were, slans \pede in uno, as an old friend says, the short and the long of it is, we cannot attend to the metre— long legs and short legs must serve to, ' convey our information to you, other- ; wise you would find the Omnibus as blank in point of intelligence as in its measure; but while we make up our minds to keep no measures, we can write, and vice versd,— first of all then, we have to inform you that the very people who have been making a fool of Aim, are still trying to make a fool of us — they ; could not intimidate us, by .telling us his cruel intentions / then t.hey told us of his cleverness, which made it so easy for him to pick holes in our coat; then his caution which made him : invulnerable, while lie could worry us, at libitum ; then his vast influence with the powers that.be, or rather that were. All this frown ing and threatening failed to frighten us, however, the Omnibus drove oh, and the faction now try another plan, they allow he is going away, 'and would make a " Raw Head and Bloody Bones' ' of the Tobies, .imagining that if the Duke of \yel- lington. Sir Robert Peel, the Dulce ;of Buckingham,; and Lord Stanley, are ministers in England, and , vyeiie formerly called Tories, they must be som'e.iiing as blind, and as stupid as 1 they are themselves ; and have been looking on at events, as they, have, without observing them. . They fancy the Duke of Wellington in every respect like our Head Policeman on horseback, and so he is, in the shape of his features, but as far as we ar concerned, no two men can be more unlike. His real Grace never would think of lending the weapon of a! -hero to do the act of a coward. No more is Peel a . bit like a yelloiv haired laddie , pf Botany Bay, though his hair be a sandy grey. The new ministers are, many of them, our old brother officers, and know us well— not one of them takes us for a fool, and we know them to be honest fellows, who mav hay$. been wrong, but have too much sense not to pro fit by their, experience — they are no " Raw Head and Bloody Bones to, us," The chorus of Mudies and Macs is premature. It is ridiculous tor them to sing — Here we go up, ap, up, And you must go down, down, downy for . The Omnibus will not stop, We'll see 'em all out, a Crowny ! I And who cares for you or your ghost ? Or all that 'you can do ? ' W e laugh at your, threat and . your- boast 1 And your Cock-a-doodle ! do ! ! So; Crow away ! my good little con-, ciliated Chummies , sing your little song. We will lay you a penny, that whoever is the master, by this time, he will think himself safer when taking his ride quietly by the. Omnibus, while we drive it, than by any other vehicle in the Colony, — great whips and splendid wigs as ' 4 ' ' ' ; - ; r V you all are. Whatever |iarty in Eng land may be in power by this time, nobody can come here who does not know' tfrat' we clan' give him the length and breadth of every man of .you, and that we are not a bit afraid to' do it, they will know, that we can even manage to tell . the ; truth of you without exposing ourselves to any of the chances you are looking out for, and you know what a dangerous thing it is, to tell the truth of you, in more ways than one — but you don't know,— you car? t imagine what" a laugh, we' enjoy at yoUr expense, when Vwe' see ;nO\y brave you look at your windows, or in the streets— |knowinghowyou long to catch us, in ,our own room, or with our legs under a table,-, or pillared 'like a horse, with three or four mounted rough' riders' whip's, uplifted to at tack ips, with yonr master patting you on the back ; while you know you would not dare to come .within , the,. length of our little cane; in a public place, with a hostile intent,; upless you were fpfid' of being tossed; .ip a blanket. Yoiir subscriptions to hire a bully, you know, excited our laughter aud contempt ; but your hope is, that we shall tell the truth so carelessly, as you are satisfied we do fearlessly, that we may give you a. chance of striking us down, under cover of the law; and, there, we know our. danger. To tell the honest truth of some men; and not pffend, is really difficult. But we are wasting words with you ; we are always angry with ourselves, when we do it. Why should we take !.' the trouble ? — The people know, without our telling them, that he who pretends to show the most sovereign contempt for a Snob, is the Young Cobbler of Rat- cliff e Highway. That the man who looks upon a publican as the most despicable of mankind, is the son of one who kept the Cock and Battle, or the Magpie and North , Wind , or the. Cat and Mutton , or the John o'Groafs ! or something of the lqnd; (we cannot remembei the sign at the moment) in Glasgow; that the tip top man for a swagger, the second somebody , to look at his airs, — was- the carriage man— the car riage, man. The Cad is, but we . . ' 1 : ' v.;-'.; ' have some .feeling ;fpr his friends--.7 and though he deserves any thing r\ from us, we will turn him off, and ', think of him no more than we do of , our old wig, which the climate , forced us to put away, before the ventilating wig maker set up in Syd-j ney. All these we pass by — vve;h'ay% not the feline disposition that de-C lights in worrying little mice, — -\ye,! pass and look clown upon 'era lijte Newfoundland Nelson j ' our great.; dog, upon a snarling cur. We .'fly at higher game. Our Quarry be! ' the powerful, the clever, the cau-. ; tious, and invulnerable, in short -r- there is some excitement in that—! we will wish you good bye, recom mending you to pray, not forKing> Log, or Kmg Stork, but for an honest and a kind hearted man like us, not caring whether he be .called a Whig.o.r a Conservative — and we will ever declare, that we would, at all Times, prefer an honest Tory ; (for, at home, there are such things) to the cleverest . Radical Rogue, or the Conciliator of fools. ValetIte. 