^mm I THE SYDNEY GAZETTE. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3', mil. ' & Holiday to-day at the Bank of New South Wala. Billa intended/or discount will be received to-morrow morning. .THE Legislative Council meets to day, and it is to be hoped, that the deliberations of tha1' assembly, will not be wholly unproductive of benefit to this'suffering Colony. It is not lu be supposed that they aro callt-d together at this unusual period of the year, without some dis- tinct object in view, or merely for ihe purpose of exhibiting their oratorical powers, The beat 'of tho weather ¡ncepaoiiate« tuen fur great mental or corporeal efforts ; and, the practice of .eloquence involving both descriptions of labour, our Legislators will probably confine themselves within narrower limits, than when stimulated to exertion, by the bracing influence of the winiry air. There is a homely adage about " much cry .and 'little wool," which, bj the bye' is literally applicable to this country, and though the converse of the proposition does not follow as a consequence, we are afraid that a speech as long us Lord Brougham's, upon Law Ro fiffin-which took six hours in delivery-would not add an ounce, either in weight or value, to the cargo of any vessel destined to double Cape Horn. ' It may appear presumptuous« in those who ate not honored willi a seat in the Legislative Council, to offer preliminary observations on the subject of the approaching discussions-but, us the privilege of doing so is asserted and freely exercised by the Pressât horn-, with reference to the proceedings of the Imperial Pailiament, we shall endeavour to follow their example by submitting, or rather repeating, our obser- vations, respecting the present crisis of our affairs. It is as clear as the sun at noonday, that when general distress, and a superabundance of the necessararies and comlorts of life, co-exist the evil lies in something connected with the circulating medium. We see ihat a land may flow with milk and honey,that it muy abound willi corn and wine, and yet through ihe vitiated state of tho currency, the owner of ten thousand bushels may bo reduced to almost aboriginal nudity, from want of credit with the clothier, whilst (he latter is all but starving, with a ware- house full of tho choicest productions, which «ver issued from the looma of Europe. But whilst we repeat our confidence in the talent and energy of the Governor, as well as in the sagacity and ability of several other »embers of the Council, we must also repeat our o nviciion that tho powers with which they are in vested are not sufficient to meet the exi- gencies of the case. The colony has outgrown the period of pupilage, and our remonstrances with tho pato nal, or rather maternal govern- ment at home, assume a puerile character, when whispered through an ii responsible medium to the deafness and obduracy of the antipodes. We may speak pravo words at the pridge, like Fluellan, but before these are reduced to tho decorum befitting tho atmosphere of court?, they lose in dislinctnessand earnestness, more than is gained hy the polish aud grace of lyle. We do trust then, that if the Legislative Council find themselves incapable of grappling with the existing evils, from the limited extent of their powers, they will manfully declaro that incapacity, and urge the claims of the colony to (he benefits of an elective House of Assembly. The individual importance of tho memhore composing the present Council, would rather hs advanced than diminished by such a measure, as under a constitution suited to this colony when merely a penal settlement, the cerUimj of a majority on all occasions was naturally re- tained in the hands of; government, and the power of protesting, either orally or hy a written record of their opinions, is all tho privilege which non-official members really possess. But when returned by the voice of a, numerous body of electors, they will naturally ocoupy a far more commanding position .in I he opinion of the public, than-as the mere nominees of-Go vernmeiit, and can at all events protect their ftllow-colouisls from the ruinous cousequeuces of a-vacillating legislation, depeadant on the alternate triumph of parties at home. To the kindness of Captain Birnie, of the Joseph Canard, which arrived here on Sunday, we are indebted for a file of Liverpool journals to the 3rd August inclusive, London journals lo the 2nd August, and Scotch to the 30th July. From these we have extracted the annexed sum- mary of British and Foreign intelligence. ïhe political news is of no great interest-Parlia- ment was to assemble on the 19 h August. On the sutject of the expected Tory Cabinet, the Liverpool Mercury Bays The new Parliament meets on the 19th of August, li is stated by these who aff.ct to.be In the secret, 'hat, notwithstanding their majority, the 'Voua will not oppose the ie-eleciion of Mr. Lefevre tu the Speíkersbip 1 lie Queen's speech on o, ening Pailianient, will, in conaa (|uence ot the state of lier ¡Majesty's health, be de iveted hy commission. It-will he pieparcil, as a matter uf course, by her present Ministers, and, on such an occasion, we (lo hope that thc.y will depart from the ordinary routine ami give a manly and bold exposition of their policy, instead of pulling into her Majesty's mouth a siring of sounding »enlences with the least possible modicum of meaning. The Opposition baling notoriuusly a commanding inajoiily, there is not the u^ual motive for seeking to obtain a seeming unanimity in ihe adilrt-ss to the '1 borne ; and the Ministers owe it lo ihemielvt», the coun'iy, and the Queen, lo stale explicitly the ground? on which tho late appeal to the constituency was made, and Hie measures which they were piuparcd to introduce had thal appeal been answered in another manner, ('hey will thus lutce from their opponents, and probable sucoeüsois^an exposhion ol th ir policy, and the country will be ina Mtu.ition to judge between thun. On iho amendment the lories will no doubt be successful, and it seems to be taken for granted that the Queen will have no alternative but to send for the Duke of Wellington and Sir Roheit Peel. Whether Sir Hoben will insist on dismissing lal) her Majesty's friends and attendants, and appointing | Oiange and Tory ladies and gentlemen in their stead. whether he will perpetrate this outrage, notwithstanding the delicate and interesting situation in which her Majesty is known to be,-whether he will alter the corn law«,-, whether he will reduce old mo opoly taxts, or impose new a:>e»,-all these, and many more, are matters ou which it would lie idle to speculate. A-short lime will show what the country has to hope from a new Government; it will be the fault o! the people themselves, if, happen wlial will tliey have any thing lo fear from the band of monopolists who, for a Eliott season, luve forced their creatures into poner The Spectator, says that: - The election has given to Sir Robert Peel a majority of from 7o to 80 vo'es. For CUHJ.TIJ¡tiie objects and for practical measures of general good, he eau form a strong government ; but lor evil, opposed lo opinion, he ii powerless. We do no1 say that bad measures cannot ne carried, foi bad measures are o fen not unpopular ; hut no measure adverse to public opinion-can be passed in the teeth of an opposition 29i) strong, exasperated by defeat, active, unscrupulous, and backed by lim returning ppiritol the coun- try. 'I he atiunpt, indeed, would be dut ucliveto his power It would drpiive turn of the prest:g;uf success j it would cause misgiving in his own pony, and raise the hopes of hie oppoients; and thou.h ¡I might not lead to his tai ly expul- sion from office, un lees unpopular enough to encouiage the queen io d smiss him, it would reduie him to a s'ate ot whig ministry during the last fife yeais. The fcaiiof those, ho- nest pet haps, but certainly mosi mi-chevious refoimers, who have over shaped their conduct in order ' to keep cul the torks," and concluded liy .' letting them m" m strength, may theiefore be blown aside. Active evil we are not likely to ecejve from Sir Itobert Peel. Are we'hkly lo get auy good" Yes, if he understands, his own position Her Majesty ihe Queen was in the enjoyment of (he best health. The Sun says '. she is again in au interesting siluation." We regret to slate that trade insead of show- ing symptoms of revival, was in a most lan- guishing condition, as will be seen by our extracts from the Liverpool papers of the 3rd August. In Manchester, Paisley, and Glas- gow sei oral failures to a large amount have taken plac, which have < c -asioned the deepest distress hy swt Hing the ranks of the unemployed operatives to a degreo which it was feared would lead them to commit acts of iávvless violence and outrage. In Paisley alone upwards of five thousand weavers anil workmen were ont of employment, and in Manchester nearly'20.000 were similarly situated. " Ti ade'' says a Man- chester paper, " in every region of the globe seems to be in a most depressed stale, the intel- ligence daily received from the North,' the South, the East, .and . the West is confimatory of a remark which we hazarded some time ago, that a commercial crisis was at hand, the effects of which no person could foretell." France was making vast exertions to strngthen both her naval and mili.ary force. She still continues to wane a most ruinous war with the barbarians of Africa. Algeria has already be- come saturated with the blood of Frenchmen, and the expense attendant on keeping it an- nexed to France is more than it is worth. Tho peace of Europe was not likely to be shortly broken, notwithstanding the menacing atlituile of France. The affair of M'Leod wssnot finally settled as will be seen by the account given below. The conduct of the Americans has been truly dis- graceful in regard to M'Leod's illegal deten- tion. An Advocate of American diplomacy in the Times fays "If M'Leod he tried and fuund guilty, he will be teiitenctd lo ¡lie ;" but he adds, " no $urh event netd U ahticiput'd." Why noll Why not haug him, as the quaker, ISrownc, asserted he would be? For this one nason-the languinaiy menaces of citizens are nothing but swagger-the government of the United States dare not! A demand has bei-n made by the crown of England for the release of M'Leod, for the nasons set forth by the British representative ; ami no great nation ever made a dtmand witiiout being prepared to cii/i>Vfe it, or extort satisfaction I The characior of this country stands suffjeienlly high in the estimation of the world to justify her in maintaining it. and' making a public example nf those who presume to despise her auihoiiiy at insult the meanest of her subjects. The cit'uens of the Un lei Sta es still remember m ml biileily the buni'ng of Wushington; let them now keep an eye upon New York, On lins important subject we give the follow- ing from the New York Herald HIGHLY IMPORTANT FROM WASHINGTON. NO WAU WITH ENGLAND. We have just received private intelligence by express from Washington, of a highly important nature, relative to our relations with' England, gtotving out of ihe case of M Leod. This intelligence is pac'/ic ia the highest degree. The opinicn of the Supicme Com I was received, unolri c-ially in advance of the regular mail, at Washington, on Tues lay, und we lea-n thal Air. Fox, the British minister, has given assurances lo our government, thal no millier ali- ps will be taken by him until the case goes through Ihe Couria of New Voik in ihe regular way. li is true that in certain contingencies, Mr. Fox was directed by his Government to demand his pasaporta, hut there is now no probability that these coniinaencits will ever happen. The first step taken by the IJr'nish Govern .ment, and the debate ¡n Parlement, consequent on .M'Lund's arrest, were rather forced upon them by the Tory opposition, and ihe pipular impulses there, than any unlriendly di-po -ilion of the Ministry It is not at all likely, that any further dillicully will lake place, unless, perhaps, a popular ferment should breakout in England, on ihe arrival thine of lite opinion of the Court, stimulated by the Tur y upposi lion lo ihe Gov rnir.ent in the approaching elections. For ill« piC8eut, al last, lhere is a perfectly good understanding between Mr. Webster and Mr. fox, and Ihfe lauer «ill demand no passpoïts, bul wait the' is>ue of M',Leod'i lual, which ide Ministers Ihi'ik should lake place as soon as possi- ble, without any attemi t lo cairy ii to a hillier couti. Such being the amount of our -information, wn therefore assure our leaders and the puolic that ro war or difficulty can take aplace -with Trig/and al prisent-that M'Leod will probably.be tried in a lew weeks, in some other county than Niagara, probably io Ulica, where he now is. At all events, there is nothing to distuib the peaceful relations of the two countries. The Weather and the Crops.-During the last week it has rained exce.-sively in most pails of Scotland The hay harvest has been thus greatly retarded, and injury is likely lo hefal ihe wheat crops unless wc have dry and sunny weather soon. We observe that .the craps are gene- rally luxuriant in appearance in Roxbu gsliire. In the southern patt of Eiinburtgshire they are meagre. In ihe immediate vicinity o Edinburgh there is a splendid appear- ance, and »e have seen some barley turned in colour. In the inland paris ol Fifcshire they have not an average appearance at Ibis season. About Kinross Ihe fie'ds look miserable. In Strathearn, and in Strathmore from the Tay lo the Northesk, every growing plant is flourishing ; but these districts comprehend same of the beat soil in Scotland. W are sorry lo say lint the interior of Kincardineshire is, for this sensor», considerably behind the coast. During iliepast two or three days ne hate seen the different Ulanicta named, and made such inquiries arhy willuri our.power, and ni our next number we may refer to iii-ni more particuhrly We have htnl-three great fairs dm ing ihe week-St. Bowell's' in the fourh on Monda}, .Viky 'Fair in the noilh on Wed- nesday, and 1'iinity duly Fair in the central districts vester day. Cattle have sold.well in every ins'ance, and there ia a genetal impression that lambs are Bcarce, and llieir value is increased, -Yesterday, the neather was very chilly and unseasonable, and there is no immediate prospect of gelling lid of" ihe rain which rainelh eveiy day," as might hive heea well said fur some lime bick.-Aberdeen Bannar, July 24th. The Great Iron Steamer at Bristol.-r'Vh'iB wonderful vessel will probably combine ti greater number and vaiiety of untried principles than were ever before uuited in one entt-rurta of the same magnitude and importance. The ves- el herself-her enormous magnitude (about 2,500 tons.it is Bah!-)-her material (plaie-ii¿n)- lier engines, nearly I.MO horse-power-her cylinders 120 inches in diameter !- no piston rods'!- no beams I-ihe connecting rod laying hold immedia'ely on the piston, and a moveable hullow casting playiug through a stulfiog-box in die top of the piston, io give play to the said connecting roil ! -an unlimited application of the expansivo principle-Jnd, to crown all, no paddle-wheels ! no paddle-boxeB projecting liom her tides! no apparent propelling puwei, but an unseen agent revolting under her qujilers, and enabling herlo''tvalk the waters likd a lliing of life. ' Verily, wa lite in an age of wonders; and it the mechanical genius of the era give safe birth to this creature gfi.<s conception, and foster her ¡nlo. vigorous maturity, it will bo dlöicult hence- forward to set any hounds to locomotion over lue Globe. ¡IliiiingJournal, ¿at July A shepherd, ntimetl Manuel Martinez, died at Toboso, in Spain, at the gr< at age of 105 years, ile did not cease lo tend his flock un-il five years ago. > On the first week ol' the entire line being opened Ihe receipts of the Great Western Railway Company were "i'1-,5 0 The procteds for the l.-sl »eek have amounted to the vety 1 rge sum of £111,823. The wreck of a large ves-el was seen off the coast al Drammen, in Nurnay It is believed to be ihe remains of the Pnsident. Ii is well knuwii that almost all ihe visit Is wrecked between Amciica and England come" upen the cons; of Norway, li is probable now that ihe ice is melia! in the louttit Serf. At the late election Mr. George Wharton, of Laverton, near Kirkby Malzeard, aged 110 years, walked to Pately-bridge, a distance of seven miles. Earl Fortescue, the Lord-lieutenant of Ire- land, was married lo Lady Somervile, by the Bishop of Cashel, at the Vice- regal Lodge, PI «.lix Park, on Mpndav, tho 2(5 li July, The ceremony w.is strictly private1;'only the immediale relatives ol the bride and bridegroom bei g prisent. Lord and Lady -Fortescue repaired ¡mmediite'y afterwards to Maretime, the seat of Lord Cloncurry, at Black Rock. Upwards of 24,000 persons visited the flower show uf the Surrey Gardens on Tuesday, and, besides ninety silver prizes many guineas »ere presented extra to the best pr, ductis of carnation and picotera. The woi-ks of the Artesian well at Southamp- ton are now in full progress, and the depth of SH feet was attained on Tuesday. ' The Dublin papers are busy with a marvellous ghost-story. One John Foitune, a poiteron tho Kingstown Railway, has ap eared lo his sis er, a servant, after his own death, and duly iiistrucied her to pay some small debts, the memory of which prevents 1rs lepóse. One uf th< so was Sd. tor some cherries which he bought of a stall-woman near tho station ; and the largest of them was 3s for drink on sundry occasions. Ii is sa d. that these debts are all found to have be-n co rectly state 1 by tin lato Mr. Foitune, ihough in some instances the creditor had forgotten the maller. In one case Ihe ghost, by divers knocks mani- fested a decided objection to one Mis. Marshall's leiog paid a chum fur more than was justly due to her-- 9s. instead ol 2s.; the creditor ultimately lound thal tht was mistaken, and no1 .' old Ti uepenny." A young performer of the Theatre de la Porte Saint Martin bad his name entered ni the church of the Diane Manteau, to be married in the course of the month. When he returned to fix the day foi porto ming the cere- mony, the vicar, in person appeared lo tell him thai he could not marry an actor, and that llieie was au express prohibition Uy the Archbishop of Paris. ."" " * A fureigner named .La Fontaine has been Exhibiting experiments in animal magnetism at the Han. over-square Rooms, which have attracted consideiable alenlioo, as well as excited great surprise. 'Ihe patients were thrown into a slate ot perlect insensibility, and during the enchanter's influence resisted all attempts lo excite a feeling of consciousness, either of bodily pain or external operations. During tha first six months of thecurrent year thvrt were born io Paris 10,51)0 legitimate childien, -J7\ld nal ni a I children; the number of marriages was 4-A 0; the number of deaths 22,(jQ0, and the persons taken to the Morgue were 150. The Queen of the Belgians and her son left Buckingham Palace on Saturday, and after attending m&ss;, at Wackhealh on Snnday embarked at Woulwich forOstend ou board the British steamer Widgeon. M. Coliincon has substituted, it is said, with success, the myrtle leaves dried in a stove and powdered, ts an application in the arts f< r ihe sumac of Sicily. It was reported in Chili that the jewels of the Temples of the Sun, which at the time ol the conquest of I'eiu the natives had concealed from the Spaniards, have been lately recovered near the Cerro de Pasco ;lhe value of them has been calculated at 180,000 .00 dollars. Some time ago Sir Richard Hoare caused several burrows ; near Stonehenge, to be opened, to discover what the unseemly erections of huge stone contained ; in them a number of curious remains of Celtic ornaments were found, such as beads, buckles, and brooches, in amber, wool, and gold. At the quarterly meeting of iron masters of Yorkshire and Derbyshire, held at Sheffield on Wednesday, although the trade ia depressed, no reduction was made in the price of metal. The Maffordshire iron-musters have reduced the price of iron ten shillings per ton. The directors of the Sheffield and Hallam Bank have recommended the payment of a dividend of 7 J per ceut.onllie paid up capital; after which, writing off all bad or drublhil debts tlure would remain £1239 io be ad- ded to the surplus fuud which now amounis to J, G5 K5. The British Association for the Advancement of Science has assembled at Plymouth. Business commenced on Wednesday last, when the general commitlee met to make preliminary arrangements. The widow of a grocer at Mount de Marsan (Ain), lately pained a prize in the lottery, amounting to 35,000 francs, hut her joy was so excessive that she died in the office on going yo receive the money. Mr. Ramsay, M.P., has sold his br. li. Lanerc st by Liverpool; out of Olia by Bustard 6 years, to Air Kirby.of York, for 30ÜO, sovereigns.. There was rather a curious arrival at Paris the other day by one of the coaches from Boulogne, that of some English masons and bricklayers, who have been engaged to work upon the fortifications of Paris. The Musical World slates that Clara Novello has determined to go upon the '-tage, and that abo has .icceptcd enaa«emeiitB for three yeats, to perfoim at several theatres in Italy. A duel between one of the etli'.ors of the Paris journal, called the £ma'irigation and an officer who sought to threaten and insult the writer of the paper, baa pioved fatal to the officer The Stoppage of Messrs. Wise, Farnell, and Co.-Tlie'la lure of ilessru. Wise, Harwell, and Co., of -Newton. Bushell and Totness, is not, as the newspaper« report a very insignificant mailer; agentbman from Devon- shire told us that their debts v/ete not less than J. 12 >,- (¡0, a-nd we were surprised thal Ihe sum slated was not more. But it is thus accounted for': since the failure of Messrs. Landmead and Co., of I'eigumoulh-which occurred about twelve months ago, au I from whose haiikiuptcy the cteditois will receive very little -mo e than-£70,00'' have, we understand, been wilhd'own from the deposits of M ssrs. WÍ3e, Farnell, and Co. Their circulation of notes »as «mall nut exceeding, it i' said, £i '.000. Both batiks stopped on the same day.- Journal nfiCommerce Thursday was ordered by, tlie Geiural A«sem hly of the Church cf Scotland tobo held as a solemn-day throughout Scotland, on account o'the present position ol tho church. It wasecen less sliictlly observed than fas -days usually are in Scotland. The onmber of shops kept open was considerable; the police and bailie courts were open ; the posr-olKce delivered letters as usual; ihe streets were thronged with traveller), seeking recreation ; th« churches were thinly attended, and S'iine of them not opened; and the markets were held as usual In Airdrie an old woman was heard lo exclaim, " Well, tins is the must comical fast day ih it ever I saw. The population of the city of Westminster is 329,703, that of the metropolitan parishes adjoining 9d0,746 mating a total of 1,136,452. Carlow Election.-Appaling Persecution of the Elects tin the Cnope/i.-Not only aie the Roman catho- lic electors who voted for Colonel Bruen and Mr ijunhuiy persecuted at fair and market, their property destroyed and their lives endangered, but the most cruel and appalling tyranny i-s exerci ed over their wives and children in the chapel and on the high road-lo ihe chapel, on the day dedi- cated to ihe woiship of the living God'l In some parts ol the county of Carlow the women ara pelted with stones end covered willi mud, their clothes torn off their hacks asd in som- instances they strip them nal ed, and turn them out of the chapels as objects of ferocious joy, derision, cruel mockery and exec a ion, so much so s to induce one to a k, do ive 'ive iu a Christian land, amongst a civilized people or a lurde nfmercües baibar'uns, that vent their malice on helpless 'females and innocent children! Dut the persecution is systematic-, and guided hy the piiesis; for in Tynriland Chapel last >undjy a crib was erected, like such as enclose oattle al Smithfield, and a Mrs. Nolan, and the three children of_a Mr. Cough!an, were dragged into the chapel, and forcibly thrust into this instrument of torture to hearm.'ss; that is lo say, according to the church of Rome, to witness the sacrifice of Christ himself,-whose king lorn was not of this wpild. and who is the God of peace, love, and charity, and ihe ion of Righteousness ! Afier they were tak n out of the crib they were instilled and brutally treated on their way home.-Kilkenny Moderator. Manchester.-Tlie letters from Àlaiiohesler alluded in desponding terms lo the depres-ion (if business, which had within tho last week been inci eased by the nuuii rous Scottish failute*. Thejuiut-stock hanks of Millchester aie accused of having in Hie Jj'si mounce produced ihese deplorable results hy their imprudent advances to parlies who<e great aim was to turn a large amount of business without considering the uu-oundness of the basis upon which it was conducted ; and it is mentioned that ou.r sus- pended firm had acknowledged having turned, nilli the asslslanee-of these instructions, £13.) 00'J upon a ,¿6.000 capital. Such was the (listicsscd condition of the operatives in constquence of the stagnation ol business, that we are told about 800 hand- loom weavers »ere out of employment, »jid exposed to the linrrois ol staivation. An appeal on their IH half has been'got up, addressed io the'-* Merchants, manufactures, and gentry," particularly of Manchester and ils vicinity, li is staled that many of these poor fellows have no1 the means of providing food eitheir for th-ir families oi themselves for a single day. 'J ha Mancki<ter Adctrtiser says:-livery week our commercial piospecis appear to blacken, and the most sanguine amongst us desponds and hardly dares contémplete the futuro. 'The accounts from America are extremely disouraning and co-respondents from every part ol the habitable globe vie with each bl her in describing the feaiful badne-s of trade Indeed, it seems lo us as though one dismal comme.ctal cloud enveloped the whole world, and menaced us willi hourly destruction. V\e would recommend -all to be prepared for the bursting ol the cloud. A cii.-ds is at hand, for ne cannot continu- in the present «ay much Linger; lor every day must add lo the unemployed hands that now barely exist, and starve they must not. It behoves all engaged iu tiade to be circumspect, and not to be too extended ; for the reckonin« day is afhand, and money will be found of more value than deb's or even goods.. The business transacted this week is too limited to opeiate upon piices, which are consequently nominal. Very many failures have taken place al Glasjow and I'aitdey, and the amount owing by all is es-imaied al £70 1,0'tO. principally to the bank-. The nominal pice of power-loom printers may be quoted as follows: - 66's 27 inrh, 5s 3d to 5-r. 7 J ; and 7Si's, 5s 9J, to Gi. Ijd._ Liverpool Standard Augutt 3rd. The arrivals in the port of London during the iix'monlhs ending ihe 5 h of July, were 1610 British vessels of 597,000 tons, and 730 foreign of 41,700 tons, or altogether 264 J ships of 508 700 tons. Cost of a Government Seat.-in a corlain burch, not a hundred miles from Leith, the nominee of the present government obtained his elections solely in cotise quence of his procuring, lor his pure and patriotic constitu- ents the grant of .£30,000 from the treasury, to be spent in a certain local job- The transaction was negotiated betwixt the issuing of the writ and day of nomination, the money being required, as a JIM« qua non, lo be previously tabled (wliigpromiscj are held al itieir value in tAutquirierj and no mistake. We suspect that the ministry will find in a month orso, that the public money, so screwed out of them by these knowing ones, has been literally thrown in the sea, so far astheir conlinuwl possession of Hie seat is concerned. Edinburgh Evening Po t. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. Judgment baa been given by the Supreme Court of the United Stales in ihe case of Mr. M'Leod. Mr. Justice Conen io an elaborate review of the law ol the cese, inter- national and otherwise, arrived ai the conclusion thai the constitution possesses no pi.wi-r of releasing the piisouer, nor' of recognizing the pleas which he had set up, and that consequently he must go J>i-fore_a jury lo be tried on the indictment charging him with" mutiler, arising out of the (mining of the Ameiican steam-packel Care'iue. The Judge's charge occupies eight closely printed columns of the New York papers, and throughout the politician is moie apparent than Hie lawyer or the statesman. He winds up Ins v ew of the case as follows When a grand jury have charged that a man has com- mitted muider in this Stale, I can imagine no case, whether the charge relate to the time of open public war or peace, in which he can claim exemp ion from trial. If he show that he was in truth acting as a soldier in time ol public war, the jury will acqui; him. Hie judge will direct them to obey t.ie law of nations, which is undoubtedly a part of the common law. So if the accused were actina in defence against an individual invader of his couutiy. But above all things it is important in thu latter case, lor the j'uiy to inquire whether his allegation of defence he not falso or color., u'e. I'hey cannot allow, as ¡>n act i,f delence the wilful pursuing, even such an enen y, though dictated hy sovereign autlio.ily into a country at peace with the Sovereign of the accused, seeking out thal enemy and laking his life. Sucti a deed can be nothing bul an act of vengeance It can be nothing but a violation of the municipal law, the faith of treaties, aud the law of nations. The government of the accused may appiove, diplomacy may gloie, but a jury can only inquire whether he was a party lo the deed, or to any act of illegal violence which he knew would probably endanger human I*. Ifsaitsfied lha't he wai not, as I sincerely hope they may be, upon the evidence in the case b fore us, they will have the pleasant duty to peiform of pronouncing him not guilty. But whatever may he their conclusions, we leel the utmost confidence that the prisoner, though a foreigner, will have no just cause to complain that ha has suffered wrong at the luads of an American jury. At our hands the prisoner had a rialto require an answer upon the facts presented by his papers, whether in law li can propprly be holden to a trial. We have had no choice bul io examine and pronounce upon the legal character of those facie, in older to satisfy ourselves of the hearing they might have nu the novel and important question submitted That examination has led to the conclusion that we have no power to discharge the piisoner. Ile must, therefore, b« rtmaajeU to tak» his trial in the ordinary forms of lair This is an unfortunate decision, and will servo lo tangle the web of this ugly ¡rffair seriously. Mr. Fox, our ambas- sador at Washington, has consented, H is Biid, lo wail the result of the trin'l at the tribunal before which M'I.eod will now be sent. Out if heJi« convicted, how then 7 If the aullioiity of the tiibunâl for trying bim is even tartly acquiesced in, how can exception betaken, with, any show ofdecencv, to the after proceedings fur his conviction and execution ? He may be acquittal but we aie assuming the worst, li appears to us that (he proper lime for propsting aaainst any further proceedings in the maller, a'rived when the judqmeiii uf the Supreme Court became known, and as Mr. F ix had no1 demanded his passport', ii ii clear that the alternative ol a trial by a border juiy will bo submitted to. If he is' f und guiliy, why then ? - ... M'Lcol will be hanged, and butn munns, liku livo bull-dogs, wdl Icar each other to pieces about his death. The affair could havebeen readily an I satlslactorily sen ed between tho respective go- vernment', bad it nut been for thtf intervention of the Supreme Court, But the insllu inns ofthe Uuitud Stale«, many of lliero admirable in theory, appear ill adapted for making tho executive power us.-ful al home or respected abroad. The head of the most paltry slate iu Europe has in this respect, greatly the advantage ofthe president of the American union. M'Leod'a case, we observe, has been incidentally discussed in congress in anything but a spirit of calmness and impartiality. There are fiery spirits on both sides of the water, who are lonjing lo have a tilt at each other; and, however melancholy the foreboding, tim chapter of accidents may bring them nearer to their wishes than Uley at present anticipate. The new national bank bill has not progressed since the last ni rival. It still remains in the senate, anil tho extra session, which was expect,d to teiminate the first neck in August, will probably ndjwurn without coming to any decision on the s-ubject. lu its present shape the project is u.ipaldt.iblj to the president, who' would teto it, should it pass. The crops.aro repiesented as.being promising and abun- dant. _ t ¿ Sir James Stuart has been appointai! governor of thai part of tho province, formerly known as Lower Canada. Some meagre details are contained in the papers by the present arrival,respectingaoolhei insurrectionary movement in that land of political and social convulsions-Peru. Santa Ciuz has again reared his head, formed a numerous baud, and taken possession of Limi, where he remained at ihe date of ihe last accounts. When the packet sailed, business was dull at New York, and the proceedings in Congress respecting the new national bank, has contributed to increase rhe prevailing stagnation. 