MASTKK HUM I'll WiVS CLOCK. f Continued from titr last. ) The old man sat himself down in a chair, and, uitli folded hands, loosed sometimes 81 his grandson and sometimes at his strange companion, ns if he were ut terly poo-erle* nnd had no resource but to leave them todo as they pleased. The young man reclined against a tiblc at no crrat distance from his friend, in apparent indifference to even- thins H'at had passed; and l_»ho felt the difficulty o'f any interference, notwithstanding that the old man had appealed to me both by words and looks-made the best feint 1 could of being occupied in examining some of the goods that were disposed for sale, and paying very little attention to the persons bc The silence was not of long duration, for Mr. Swivcller after favouring us with several melodious assurances ihnt his heart was in the highland*, and Hurt he wanted but his Arab bleed as a preliminary to the achievement of great feats of valour and loyally, removed his eyes from the ceiling and subsided into prose ogam. ' l'red,' said Mr. Sniveller, slopping short as if the idea had suddenly occurred lo him, and speaking in the same audible whisper as before, ' is the old mm friend. Iv ?' ''What does it matter?' returned his friend peevish ly. ' ISO, Uut. IS lie . ftdiu »jn.n* ' Yes, of course. What do 1 care whether he is or Emboldened as it seemed by this reply to enter into a more general conversation, -Mr, Sniveller plainly laid hin-.sclf out lo captivate our attention. He began by remarking that soda water, though a good thing in the abstract, uas apt to lie cold upon the, sto mach unless qualified with Ringer, or a small infusion of brandy, winch latter article he held to he preferable in all caseB saving for the one consideration of expense. Nobody venturing to dispute these positions he proceed ed to observe that Hie human iiair was b great retainer of tobacco smoke, and that the young gentleman of Westminster nnd Eton, after eating vast quantities of apples to conceal any scent of cigars from their anxious friends, were usually detected in consequence of their heads possessing this remarkable properly ; whence he concluded that if the Royal Society would turn their at tention lo the circumstance, and endeavour to find in Ihe resources of science a means of preventing such untoward revelations they might indeed be looked upon as benefactors lo mankind. These opinions being equal ly incontrovertible with those he had already pronounc ed, he went on to inform us that Jamaica rum, though unquestionably an agreeable spirit of great richness and flavour, had the drawback of remaining constantly pre sent to the taste next day; and nobody being venturous enough to argue this point either, he increased in confi dence and became yet more companionable and commu nicative. ' It's a devil of a thing, gentlemen,' 6nid Sir. Snivel ler, ' when relations fall out and disagree. If the wing of friendship should never moults feather, the wing of relationship should never be clipped, but be always ex panded and serene. Wliy should a grandson and grand father peg away at each oilier with mutunl violence when all might 'be bliss and concord? Why not jinc hands and forgit it?' ' Hold jour loneuc,' said his friend. ' Sir,' replied Mr. Swiveller, ' don't interrupt the chair. Gentleman, how docs the case stand upon the riscnt occasion? Here is a jolly old, grandfather— say it with the utmost respect—and here is a wild young grandson, The jolly old grandfather says to the wild young grandson, ' I have brought you up and edu cated you, J'Ved ; I have put you in the way of getting on in life ; you have bolted a little out of the course as as young fellows often do; and you shall never have a nother chance nor the ghost of half a one. ' The wild young grandson makes answer to this and says, ' You're as rich as rich can be ; you have been at no uncommon expense on my account, you're saving up piles of mo ney for my little sister that lives you in a secret, stealthy hugger- muggering kind of way and with no manner of enjoyment— why can't you stand a tri6e for your own grown-up relation?' The jolly old grandfather unto this retorts, not only that he declines to fork out with that cheerful readiness which is always so agreeable and pleasant in a gentleman of his time of life, but that he will blow up, aud call names, and n.ake reflections when ever they meet. Then the plai.i question is, nn't it a pity that this state of things should continue, and how much better would it be for the old gentleman to hand over a reasonable amount of tin, and make it all right and comfortable?' Having delivered thisoration will? a great many waves andflourishcsafihehand, Mr Swivcller abruptly thrust the head of his cane into his mouth as if to prevent him self from impairing the effect of his speech by adding one other word. ' Why do you hunt and persecute me, God help me?' said the old rnan I nming to his grandson. ' Why do you bring your profligate companions here? How often am I to tell you that my life is one of care and selfde nial, nnd that 1 b:ii poor?' '? How often am ) to tell vnu.' returned the other looking coldly it him, 'thai I know belter?' ' You have chosen your o«n path,' said tlic old man. ' Folliiw it. Leave S.'ell and 1 to toil and worl:.' ' Nell will be a woman soun,' returneii the other, ' and bred in your frith, she'll forget her brother unless he shows himself sometimes.' ' Take cr.re,' said the old man willi spaikling eyes, ' that she does not forget you when you would have her memory keenest- Tube care that the day don't come when you walk barefoot in the streets, and she rides in ogsy carriage of her own.' 'You mean when the has your money?' retorted the other. ' How like a poor man he talks I' 11 And yet,' said the old man dropping his voice and speaking like one who thinks aloud, 4- bow poor we are and what a life it is I The cause iB a young child's guiltless of ill harm or wrong, but nothing goes well with it I Hope and patience, hope and patience I' These words were uttered in too loir a lone lo reach the cars of the ycung men. Mr. Swiveller appeared to think that they implied some mental struggle consequent upon the powerful effect of bis address, for he poked his friend with his cane and whispered his conviction that he had administered ' a clincher,' and that he ex pected a commission on the profits. Discovering bis mistake after a while he appeared to grow rather sleepy and discontented, and had more than once suggested the propriety of an immediate departure, when the door opened, and the child herself appeared. 