gelfft 19octil>. . . OLD DACtlELOnS. " ( From Lit UeAi Asmmhlee.) Tlioy nrn wanderers, nnd ramblers — nevernt borne, IMnk'inj: sure of n welcome wherever they ronm, And ev'ry one knows ilnu the I.lnc.helor's den 3 s n room set npnrt lor these singular men — A nnok in llie cloud), of perhaps live feet by lour, iiiongn tomeumes, percnimee, it nmy uu miner more, "Willi skylight, or no light, ghosts, goblins, nnd gloom, And cv'ry where tcrni'd " The bachelor's Room." Tlicso creatures, they say, are not valued nt ult, Except when flic herd pnve a bachelor's bull ; Then, dr.-st in their best, in their gold broider'd vest, 'Tis known as a fac, that (hoy net with much tnct, And lliev lis'p ont " How do 1" and they coo and thev sue ; . And tliey smile for nwhilu, their guests to .beguile ; (.'undescending and lending, for tear of offending ; Though inert, they exert to he pert und to flirt : And they turn and they twist, and they eon play at whist ; And tlioy whirl and they twirl, and they whisk und nro brisk : A nd they whir nnd they quiz, and they spy with their eye : And they sigh ns they fly : JFcr they meet to he sweet, nnd be fleet on their feet ; Advnncingnnd glancing, nnd dancing nnd prancing; And humping and jumping, und stumping 'nud tluiin tiint; : Sounding mid hounding, around nnd around ; Sliding mid gliding, wiili minuet pnee ; J'irouetting and setting with infinite grace, Tlicy like dashing and flashing, lashing and splashing, And racing and chasing, nnd pacing nnd lacing ; '1 hey are frittering nnd glitering, gallant and gay, Yawning all morning, and lounging all day ; Love living in London — life loitering tiwny At tho Club nnd ut Crockford's, the Furk and tho Flny. hut when the Itnrhelor boy grows old, And these butterfly days nrn past j YYHen threeseoro years tlicir talc have told, Ho then repents at last. tVhon be becomes an mid old man, "With no wnrnier friend than a warming pan ! 3lu is fidgetty, fretful, and weary — in fine. Loves self, and his bed, and bis dinner nnd wine : And lie rates nnd be prutes, nnd he rends tho debates. Abuses tho world — nnd the women he hntes ; Ami is prosing and dozing, and cozing all day ; A ml securing nnd boring, and roaring nivny. And tie's snuffy nnd puiiy, nnd liu/Ty and stuffy, And musty and fusty, nnd rusty nnd crusty, Pneczing and wheezing, nnd tinting and freezing. And grumbliug nnd mumbling, and stumbling und tumbling, Fulling and bawling, and sprawling nnd crawling. And withering and dithering, and quivering and shivering, YVnking nnd aching, nnd qunking nnd shaking, Ailing and failing, nnd always bewailing ; Drenry nnd weary, and nothing that's cheery ; Groaning nml moaning, his selfishness owning ; And sighing and crying, when lying and dying, Greiving and heaving, though nought is ho leaving. Jlut vvenlth.uiid ill health, and his pelf and his soli. Then lie semis fur n doctor to euro or to kill. Who gives him offence ns well ns n pill, 15y dropping n hint nhout making his will : And ns fretful antiquity cannot bo mended, Tito lonely life of the bachelor's ended, Nobody mourns him, and nobody sighs — Nobody misses liiin — and nobody crie9, For nouody giieves when the bachelor dies. 