jBjo&avt; Ooton police Report. Monday, November 15. The business of the week commenced with an ex- hibition of seven disorderlies, who wore fined 5s. each, and discharged. Thomas Knibbs, who has been several weeks under examination on a charge of horse stealing, was again brought up, and a man named Donaldson examined as a witness in the case evinced so much turpitude and want of truth in his deposition, that the Magis- trate found it necessary to commit him for perjury. Mr. Samuel Rhodes, the Restaurateur of Murray- street, appeared to a case remanded from Friday last, on which day his lady appeared on a charge of non- payment of wages. There being no reason adduced why he should not pay the complainant, he was or I dered to do so, together with costs. Mary Bush, tickct-of-leave, charged with stealing two pairs of boots, the property of her master, Mr. Tegg ; the proof being indisputable, she was ordered to have her sentence of transportation extended two years, to be deprived of her tickct-of-loave, and to pass six months in the house of correction. John Edward Dingle, an assigned servant to Mr. Johnson, made a very sombre appearanco in the show-box. It appeared that tho gay Lothario was desperately in love with a damsel, assigned to Mrs. Willis of Brisbane-street, but the fair Inamorata had proved untruo to John, and rejected his suit, which cruelty so exasperated hiin, and turned his love into hatred, dire, and dread, and instead of the warm breathings of hearts and darts, nothing but the dagger and murder haunted his fevered brain ; and last night ms paroxism readied its height, and in the dead hour of night, when ghosts are seen to walk, ho sallied forth full of dark deeds and vile intents, and dark indeed they wore; for to reach the object of his rage he knew not how, doors and windows being safely barred, and he about to turn in angry disappointment when the chimney caught his sight, tho thought as quickly came to his fevered mind, and it was but the work of an instant to reach tho top and enter the yawning mouth, down which he slyly slid ; but un- luckily as he descended the chimney gradually con- tracted, and at length so completely jammed him in tbat ho could neither ascend nor descend, and there being a fire below he was compelled st length to call out for release from his perilous situation-the noise of his groans and calls for help drew all tho inmates from their repose, and he was at length drawn like a fox from his hole, moro dead than alive, and as a matter of course quite black in the face. In order to quell his amorous feelings ordored to Port Arthur for twelve months. Tuesday, November 16. George Gardner, a man who had been found on board the Amity whaler, and not known from whence he came, presumed to be an absconder ; he underwent an examination, but nothing could be made of him ; he was remanded. Several itinerant vendors of fish were charged by constable Livesay with obstructing the public streets with their baskets, barrows, &c;, and each fined 5s. John Golding was remanded on a charge of assault upon a girl of tender years. James Burns, John Williams and Benjamin Webb, were charged by Mr. Watson with stealing part of some provisions they were bringing from Recherche Bay ; remanded. Wednesday, November 17. Donald Davidson was remanded on a charge of perjury. Elizabeth Hoar was charged with stealing a piece of ribbon from Mr. Solomon's shop ; remanded. Thomas Buscombe was remanded on a charge of stealing ÍC0 from the person. Robert Whitehouse remanded on a charge of felony. Thursday, November l8. Seven drunkards fined this morning. Samuel Hood was charged by his master, Mr. Cox, with having assaulted his fellow uervaut ; 12 months to the roads. Robert Whitehouse and Thomas Smith, charged by Mr. G. Watson with stealing a quantity of whalebone his property ; Whitehouse bound over to appear at the next sitting of the Supreme Court, and Smith committed to gaol for trial. James Burns, John Williams, Benjamin Webb, James Griffin, John Wright, John Bowers, and Rich- ard Copping, were remanded on a charge of felony. John Joyce and Francis Reed, two men employed at St. George's Church, were charged with stealing timber under the following circumstances:_They are both prisoners of the crown, and have a dinner hour allowed them, which by the bye, they turned to the best account; knowing the complainant, Mr. C. Jones, was erecting a house in Goulburn-strcrt, they very adroitly profited by the workmen being away at their dinners, to remove all tho timber they could lay, their hands upon, to do which, thoy hired a dray from the Wharf, to which place they ordered it to ba taken, and thoro offered it fçr sale ; as, a reward for thoir, indu'try, their sentences of transportation ordered to» be extended two years each, ,lnyco being the less quilty, to ho worked six month', on the roads, and Reed to visit Port Arthur for twelve months. Mr. Carter, of Wellington Hoiiso and of New Tow n, appeared to prefer a charge against an as- signed servant of Mr. Jordan's, also residing at Now Town, with stealing some brush wood. It'appeared that Mr. Carter mot the man on his way home with a bundle of brush on his back, which ho thought looked like his brush wood, and accordingly accosted; the man, and charged bim with having stolen it from, his land. This the man denied, Hating it carno from. Mrs. Fletcher's, whose permission his master had to take what brush he required. Mr. Carter not being able to prove the wood was his, the felonious part of the charge was dropped, but for misconduct the man was ordered to hard labour on tho roads for four months. Friday, November 19. A maiden day nt tho Police-office not a disorderly to put in tho box. Samuel Paine, ticket-of-leave, charged with mis- conduct in talking to a man in charge at the watch house; ordered to the treadwheel for fourteen days. Saturday, November 20. Matthew Brown, assigned to Mr. Walter, of Huon River, was charged by John Barnard with misconduct in promulgating a malicious falsehood about him, the said John Barnard, to wit, that he was in the habit of visiting the wife of a Mr. Burnett, a near neigh- bour of the complainant, and that this meeting took place while her unconscious spouse was at church. It being difficult to prove the fact of the prisoner's assertion ; he was therefore ordered to pass 12 months on the roads, to deter him from attempting the mar- plot again. Charles Stewart and Joseph Funge,' remanded on a charge of felony. The drunkards and disorderlies havo not been so numerous as formerly, which we areo'xtrcmoly happy to find. The stato of the Interior has been generally tranquil' and orderly throughout the past week. THE "DERWENT" AND "CALCUTTA."-These fine veäsols have made very rapid voyages. The Derwent was only nine months and"cight days to London and back ; and the Calcutta, which left this port for Lon- don on the 24th February, and arrived here yester- day, the 22nd November, was only nine months and one day (reckoning by days) on the samo voyage. When tho time occupied in discharging cirgo^ and loading again at London is considered, it is highly creditable to the nautical skill of the commanders. Tun BRIDGES ACROSS THE DERWJ.NT.-We re- gret to observe the unaccountable delay which has taken place in deciding on the tenders made for tho erection of the two bridges across the Derwent-at Bridgewater, and Risdon. There are sa\ eral i casons why such delays should bo avoided, amongst which wo may mention three ; fii st, the loss of time in fur- nishing so important an accommodation to the public ¡ second, that the tcndeicrs aro kept in suspense, not daring to engage in any other job while under a pledge to perform such an ostensivo undertaking; and though last not least the want of promptitude on the part of the Local Gov eminent. Wo trust that satisfactory reasons will be given for such apparent inconsistency. LAWYERS' BILLS.—We have received from Mr. Cunningham, of the Black Brush, who lately re- covered a verdict in the Supreme Court against the Government of £171 6s. 4d., a copy of his attorney's bill, which being deducted from the money received, left Mr. Cunningham a balance under £5. We shall publish this bill next week. MR. JONES_The Fortitude arrived in London, with our late Solicitor-General on board, the day before the Calcutta sailed. , Mu. BOYD.-This gentleman was extremely well, received by the home government, and was shortly to be promoted to a Majjrity. THE REV. DR. LANG.-This talented Clergyman arrived here on Friday last, via Port Phillip and Launceston. THE REUATTA_This fête is only to occupy one day. , . . , , , Tho application of the Statute of James to this Colony, the Distillery Question, and the objections, of Mr. Justice Montagu to the Road Act, are said to have been all referred to the Law Officors of the' Crown, although the latter Act had' boon approved of by the Secretary of State ; tho opposition of tho people hore will, however, render it a nullity. A schooner, not known from whonce, and a barque from India, were becalmed in sight of the Battery when we went to.press. ... THE MABKETS.-There has been little or nothing doing in tho wheat market since our last. Purchasers seem shy ; the prices, therefore, aro almost nominal. In other articles transactions are equally dull and inactive :-Wheat,' 8s. Od. to 9s. fld. per bushel ; Oats 6s. to 6s. 6d. ditto ; Cape Barley, 4s. to 4s. 6d. ditto; English ditto, 7s. to 8s, ditto ; New Hay, 5s. 6d. per cwt., Old ditto, 6s. to 6s. 6d. ditto;. Port Arthur Coals, 20s. por ton ; Sydney ditto, 40s. ditto ; New Potatoes, 2|d. per lb. ; Old ditto, 13s, to' 15s. per cwt. ¡ Peas, Is. 3d. per peck ; Strawberries, "2s. per quart. LAUNCESTON, CATARACT MILL, NOV. 20_Wheat from 7s. to 8s.' per 601bs. ; fine flour, £22 per20001bs. -Cornwall Chronicle. MILK_An ounce of scraped horse-radish put into | a pan of milk, will preserve it sweet for several days i in the hottest weather. (From the Launceston Courier, November 22.) THE NATIVES - By a private letter from Circular Head, we learn that the natives, who are still at large in that neighbourhood, recently visited Mr. King's establishment, at Table Cape, between Circular Head and Emu Bay. They drove away two men, and then robbed the hut of flour, blankets, sugar, and two guns ; they also scattered and dispersed the sheep and cattle. The natives have possessed themselves of no less than seven guns, but they appear to be ignorant of their use ; for although they could have obtained ammunition, they had no guns with them when they attacked Mr. King's hut. A few days before this robbery, they cleared out a hut belonging to the Company, at Table Bay, during the absence of the shepherds, and carried off their provisions, and also two more guns, which it is supposed they have destroyed. Upon each of these occasions the party consisted of four, but it is believed that there are altogether eight in number. CUALLENCE_There is a gentleman in Melbourne, who is open to make a bot of 500 to 2000 guineas, that ho will swim from the Beach to Launceston I The challenger is to be permitted to stop ut any of tho islands in the straits, and to take his own time over his arduous undertaking.-P. P. Gazette. SWAN RIVER.-Cattle at tho Swan still maintain their high prices ; sheep aro stated to bo worth £3 to £3 10s. per head ; several cargóos of horses had been imported, some from the Capo of Good Hope, and some from England ; the Cape horses realised from £40 to £75 each, and those from England from £70 to £120 each. Mr. Huon Ross.-We learn from the Port Phillip Patriot, of the 15th Nov., that this gentleman had found his way from Singapore to King George's Sound. On his first arrival he was sent for by tho Colonial Secretary, and shown the despatch from Sir John Franklin, mentioning tho chnrges against him, but ho was ailowod to retire without molestation.. On his way from Swan River overland to King George's Sound, Mr. Ross missed his way, and nar- rowly escaped perishing from exhaustion in the bush,' having, before ho succeeded in regaining the lost track, been reduced to tho necessity of subsisting upon the carcase of his horse. THE " DIAMONP."-The boy Jones, whose re- peated intrusions into Buckingham Pnlaco, excited so much attention in England sorno months since, has' arrived an immigrant by tho Diamond, the Govern- ment having availed themselves of this plan to rid themsolves effectually ofthepresenco of a youth whom' no precaution they could take sufficed to exclude from: the presence of royalty, and from whom danger to tho person of our grucious Sovereign was apprehended. Jones was offered a hamdsomc salary to exhibit'tem- porarily on tho boards of a minor theatre some time before his doparttiro from Loudon, but his father very wisely objected to tho engagement unless the agree- ment were more permanent. Wo havo not heard how Master Jones is to dispose of his services in the " colony, but as we have no' Queen boro, nor any ono who may not be approached without difficulty, wo . apprehend his peculiar talent for undertakings of thl» , nature will avail lum very little-P: P. Patriot, 