Ein seeing people, say...'; reliefs IS INCORPORATED SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1841. -M " Sworn to no Master, of no Sect <t7>i I." THE CORN LAW DEBATE. THE debate in Council on Tuesday last, on the motion of the CHIEF JUSTICE for -1 at;-"." Agery "f fifteen The legal. an imported corn, was one of the most animated, and in all respects one of the best conducted, ever heard within the walls of our honourable chamber. Most of the speakers had evidently given their minds to the subject. They had thought about it earnestly, and refreshed their memories by references to standard writers on the mystified doctrines of commercial legisla- tion ; so that they came to the discussion , well prepared to state not only their opinions, but the reasons upon which they were founded. in favour of a corn-law there was only one set speech, that of Mr. BERRY. Mr. JONES does not pretend to the art of public speaking, though he often utters very sound sentiments in plain business-like language. On the present occasion he spoke like a well informed merchant, and adduced a set of arithmetical data which must have cost him no small preparation ; he spoke, too, like a man deeply concerned for the welfare of his country ; but the true philosophy of the question he did not approach. Mr. BLAXLAND merely opened his mouth ; he uttered a single sentence, " as to the necessity of affording some protection to the agriculturist ;" and then sat down. But the true corn-law giant was Mr: BERRY. He spoke long, and he spoke well. His speech eclipsed all his previous efforts ; he may rest his senatorial came upon this brilliant master-piece. The only thing to be regretted was, that his elaborate oration did not more completely harmonize with time and place. It was fitted for the latitude of West minster, and for the ancient epoch of rotten boroughs. Mr. BERRY is a statesman of the old school. His habits of thinking were formed some forty years ago, when England was governed by monopolies. This was manifest in his speech of Tuesday. He spoke as one risen from the dead ; as the ghost of one of those departed politicians whose philosophy never dreamt of the mighty revolutions in the science of legislation and government which the last quarter of a century has witnessed. There was something awfully sepulchral in his tones when he exclaimed, " I will yield to no man in just principles of free trade, or in principles of political freedom; but in the whole world there is no such thing as absolute free trade ; absolute political freedom is impossible." In the days before the flood-that is, the flood of common sense, which overthrew so many of the ancient mountains of monopoly-these quaint truisms were thought a sufficient answer to all the rash innovators who would dare to disturb things as they were, " in the whole world there is no such thing as absolute free trade :" therefore, the shackles of commerce must not be loosened. *' Absolute political freedom is impossible :" therefore, oligarchical domination over popular rights must not be questioned. Had Mr. BERRY received his political education in these latter days, rather than in the dark ages of restrictions, bounties, and prohibitions, he would have been aware that " absolute free trade," and " absolute political freedom," are cameras which Nobody dreams of the one being the free dom of pirates, and the other the freedom of highwaymen, He would have under stood, that by '.' free trade is now meant j I trade left to its own proper resources, neither kept down by legislate c restrictions, nor nursed and handled by legislative bounties and that the only province of law in regard to trade, is to see that it has fair play, full vent for its energies, free scope for its enterprises. Free trade, , indeed, necessarily implies fair trade for unless it be honest in its principles, and equitable in its transactions, it would involve such a concussion of opposing interests as must lead to anarchy and ruin. Legislation looks to this and when it has done so, it ought to rest satisfied that it has performed the whole of its duty. Mr. BERRY, clothed in the movements of an entombed philosophy, thinks otherwise, and would have legislation take its seat in the counting-house, examine the ledger and invoice-book, and dictate to the merchant what markets he shall deal with, what goods he shall buy and sell, and what prices he shall give and take. He would insist upon legislation claiming to be ware- houseman general on shore, and supercargo general on ship-board. Still true to the antediluvian creed, Mr. BERRY maintains that there is in the growing of corn a sacred something which gives it a lofty pre-eminence over all other occupations. "There is this difference," he observes, " that the agriculturist is the foundation-stone of society and the shopkeepers only establish themselves to supply his wants." But in modern times, it is thought that a foundation-stone is of very little use without corner-stones and top stones ; or, dispensing with the metaphor, that if the manufacturer establishes himself to supply the wants of the agriculturist, it is equally true that the agriculturist establishes himself to supply the wants of the manufacturer. They have, in fact, entered into a mutual and equitable compact. The farmer says, "I will do your share of ploughing, and raise your share of corn ; " the manufacturer says, " and I will do your share of tool-making, clothes-making, andhonse-bnilding." They wisely agree to a division of labour, which, while it is beneficial to both parties, leaves them on a perfect equality as to depen- dence and obligation. The manufacturer keeps to his factory in order that the other may keep to his field and the farmer keeps to his field in order that the other may keep to his factory : whereby the one gets better and cheaper bread, and the other better and cheaper clothing. But on what principle can either say to the other "I am greater than thou ? " Mr. BERRY will have it that the man in the field is superior to the man in the factory; but we defy him to show wherein the superiority consists. To go back to his own figure of speech, society is a fabric, of which he is at liberty to call agriculture I the foundation, and manufactures and a commerce the superstructure ; but as the beauty, usefulness, and stability of the whole depend upon the fitness and unity of all its parts, no one part can reasonably boast over the rest. To vary the simile, society is a body, of which agriculture may, if Mr. BERRY SO please, be termed the head, and commerce and manufactures the members ; but " the eye cannot say unto the head, I have no need of thee; nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you for all the members are one body." I Biitns iiiBii cannntliveTwithoutbread, and can live without manufactures, therefore the agriculturist is of more consequence than the manufacturer. We deny the premises. If the argument apply to civilized man, we contend that to his civilized existence his raiment, and his house, and his furniture are as essential as his bread. Take these away from him, and give him nothing but his food, and you destroy his civilization, and reduce him to the life of a savage. If, again, the argument apply to savage life, it falls to the ground, for bread ceases to be a necessary, and agriculture becomes superfluous. Look at our blacks : " they sow not, neither do they spin" ; they have neither . agriculture nor manufactures and yet they live, the kangaroo and opossum supplying them at once with food and with raiment. Look, again, at our ancient British ancestors: fish- ing and hunting supplied all their wants ; the acorns strewed spontaneously in their forests served them for corn and bread. To speak of agriculture as a vital necessary, and of manufactures as a superfluity, is to speak contrary to truth. In savage life they are neither of them necessary in civilized life they are equally indispensable. If we look beneath the surface of things, we shall find that all occupations are agrarian. The corn of which our loaf is made is not more a production of the earth than the wool of which our coats are made, or the stone and timber of which our houses are built. All men go to the soil for their materials of trade, for their media of barter : the farmer for his grain, the shoemaker for his leather, the weaver for his fleece, the cutter for his iron, the potter for his clay, the builder for his brick and wood. Mother earth is the bountiful provider for all our wants ; our own skill and industry are only the instruments by which her gifts are turned to account. She supplies the raw material, and we work it up, some of it into food, some into clothing, some into habitations, some into luxuries. We do this each for other our mutual wants being the sufficient rule, and guaranteeing an adequate reward, for our mutual labour. Mr. BERRY'S old-fashioned notions would not trust to these wants, but would call in the extraneous aid of law, to favour some labourers at the expense of others to compel some to produce more, and others less than is actually necessary to fix upon some productions a higher price, and upon others a lower than they are really worth. The modern notion, on the contrary, is that law should give to this system of reciprocal labour nothing but the protection which it gives to our persons, and should take nothing but what is sufficient to meet the expense of that protection. In other words, trade must unavoidably be taxed, but it should be taxed equitably, and for no other purpose than that of revenue. To quote from the masterly speech of Lord PALMERSTON, which was given at length in our number of Thursday last, " we must have a revenue derived from some source or other, and there is no more legitimate or proper mode of deriving a revenue than by laying a duty on the importation of foreign produce. Burthen, let those duties be laid for the sole purpose ' of revenue. Do not lay them for the purpose of enabling a comparatively few men to carry on a losing trade, at the expense of the rest of the community. Pralcrlion, in the sense in which it is used by those who oppose the proposition now made by the government, is, in truth, nothing more than a tax laid upon the industry, the intelligence, and the activity of the mass of the community, in order to support the indolence and exclusive ness of a small portion. It is not only erroneous in principle, but utterly useless even to those interested, for whom it is maintained for I venture to say, that if you will show me a free trade by which I mean a trade open to free competition with other countries if you will show me such a free trade, you will exhibit to me a trade carried on with intelligence, activity, enterprise, and success. Show me, on the other hand, a highly protective trade, and you exhibit a set of men indolent, unsuccessful, and probably under perpetual embarrassments The CHIEF-JUSTICE-the mover of the resolution upon which the debate hung was either misunderstood on the previous occasion, or had, in the interim, changed his opinion for when it came to the point, His Honor expressed himself decidedly adverse to a protective corn-law. If the former, we must regret the course pursued, with regard to himself personally, in our article of Tuesday ; if the latter, we | must testify our esteem for the candour of Sir James's judgment, and the frankness of his acknowledgment. The COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS, whose office makes him familiar with all the workings of our foreign commerce, opposed the whole system of prohibitory duties. Sir JOHN JAMISON was not less adverse to the old-fashioned doctrine of commercial go-carts and swaddling clothes. Messrs. HANNAH. and JAMES MACARTHUR, themselves extensive agriculturists, spoke manfully and ably on the side of free trade principles. The latter went deeply into the subject, and shewed that he had read extensively and thought vigorously on the philosophy of commercial legislation. This gentleman is gain- ing ground in public opinion, and we shall always be proud to encourage his liberal efforts for the good government of our common country. Though last, not least, we have to make honorable mention of our excellent GOVERNOR. True to his principles as the ene- my of all monopolies, whether political, or commercial, His Excellency met the close-borough doctrines of Mr. BERRY face to face, and by a few dexterous touches demolished some of that gentleman's most elaborate theories. The corn-law controversy must now slumber for at least the remainder of the present year. In the Council Chamber it has received its merited quietus. But the struggle is going on in England with desperate earnestness, and every fresh budget of news will give us more particulars of its progress towards that final settlement which cannot be long delayed. As Lord PALMERSTON predicted, the days of the monopolist are numbered. The ministry may per chance be defeated, but the great principles of free trade, in the true import of the term, must speedily triumph over all the narrow considerations of party. "Tur. HAYS OF THE: MONOPOLISTS ARE NUMBERED."* * As we do not expect to have further occasion to draw attention to this subject for the present, we may as well take the opportunity of noticing an absurd suggestion in a contemporary, of Thursday, that the Governor, upon his own responsibility, and subject to the Royal approbation, should impose such a fixed duty upon foreign grain as should effectually protect the home grower. Now, were the Governor to do this he would be assuming the powers of the British Parliament ; a responsibility which his Excellency may very well decline, seeing that the assumption thereof might, and very probably would subject him to a Parliamentary im- peachment. Neither has Her Majesty the power to approve or disapprove without the consent of Parliament. As the opinion we have alluded to is calculated to mislead the agriculturists upon what is, or is not in the power of the Governor in Council, we think it necessary thus to show that, even if expedient, the plan proposed is illegal, and could not be carried into effect without a direct violation of the statute law of the realm. _______^___ 