WHAT CAN I Dd?V '"( From: the British and F oreign Temperance- - Intelligencer.) Analagous to this enquiry was the feeling, pos- sessed by the drop of rain, exhibited in an eastern-' apologue, as, about to descend from the clouds;, towards the terraqueous globe. It was repre-.. . sented as endowed . with, - intelligence and: tbe< power of speech. Looking down from its lofty ; height; it discovered, with much disappointment: and mortification, that it was just about to drop into the vast Pacific .Ocean. It, felt considerable % dissatisfaction, and thought and- said within itself-- " If I might have dropped upon a just-formqd blade of grass, or a just-expanding flower or bud, I should have been of some perceptible, though; little use in the world; but- falling where I am about to fall, into the vast Pacific, I shall bo absorbed, swallowed up, lost, and useless foi ever." It continued its descent, however, and- Providence so ordered it, that this complaining, drop fell into the gaping mouth of an oyster,; where it became congealed, was formed into a pearl, and, by subsequent accretions, became a pearl of the first magnitude and beauty. When the fish was taken and the pearl extracted, that pearl was employed to form a conspicuous orna- . ment in the crown.-of -an emperor. IIow insig nificant, how common, and yet how serviceable a drop of rain ! Thus each human being possesses in himself powers and capabilities, which, if righly appreciated and properly directed, are calculated to effect a powerful . and beneficial influence;. We wish it, were, in our, power to impress on every, one who,, asks 1 What can I; do? the fact that they have the ability to do great tliihgs. — Persons in very humble and retired stations of life are too apt- to make this inquiry, considering their powers ill-suited to promote the general good. Perhaps this. (|iffi iiau origin to their suffering, themselves. to bedazzled by the galaxy of bright aud'spienditVluhnna which revolve in the hemisphere .in which they themselves are located; And their nebulous con-, clition induces the feeling, that as they cairnst shine as brightly as a star of the first magnitude - they will put their light' under the cloud of non- exertion, and will not shine at all. This is an error, an egregious error— for according to the constitutiohrbT; socletjq there cannot be many employments which will call for vqry splendid talents, or. great .and.stupe'ndfus, powers of mind foi their efficient discharge., The general good demands that all should fill :th;qir respective' parts. What is a collective body .? Is it not composed, of individuals ? For instance, the army or the . navy consists of many, but were they, as indivi duals, each to say in; times of peril 'What can, I do ?' and were, to act upon this principle, where is our security — where our safety ? Should we not, . for want of unity of effort, be utterly unable to repel our enemies ? And thus, ad infinitum, we might range through all ranks and orders of busy men, and the conclusion would . be the sarrio.. . What can I do ? What do you want hie to do ? We do not want you to extract ' sunbeams from cucumbers '-—we do not want you to do impos sibilities. We want each to come up to the help of the Tempemnce cause, ' which cause has come up tO' the . help of the Lord— to the help of the Lord against those who are mighty to drink strong drink. "Who is on the Lord's side ? Who ? Not many noble, not many mighty /" Stop ! you are in error here. Earl Stanhope, Sir C. E. Smith ; Revs. J. P. Smith, T. Clowes, Theo dore 'Dury, Theobald Mathew, C. Stovel, j/ F. Witty ; J. Spence, Esq., W. Oxley, Esq. and a noble' host of other valiants, are on the Lord's side. They have "put on the <pmour f tlie Lord." i;' '-But will these worthies continue on the Lord's side ? We answer the query by making another, po riot heroes love to fall in the arms of victory? Epaminondas, Wolfe, Abercromby, and our im- priprtal -Nelson, died embraced by victory. 4 And |h;e leader of Temperance and his staff, his train- hdfids' of London, and his fencibles of the country, Lave been permitted to wear on their arms the motto faithful to death," and wear it they will, imtil the victory is achieved of delivering the land, their paternal off, from the fell destroyer's power. > . Proceed then, ye truly patriotic and philan thropic ; men— proceed with not only unabated but with increased ardor in your glorious career. The battles you have already won, the splendid . victories you have obtained, have spread your In am es Tike lightening thpughout England.— You have astonished your countrymen, and have produced a sensation sucli as former times never jieafcl of— never witnessed. Press onwards ; the world is regarding your purpose ; your decision has stunned multitudes with 'amazement"; press on wards, and soon it will 'be heard ; it riiust be accomplished. ; : What can I do ? — Let us return to pur apo logue; and learnt the sequel from a drop of Pain, and be admonished and roused from our supineness, and at once enrol our names among those who are the " salt of the earth." Individual effort is as this drop of rain. Let your influence arid exertions be taken out of the scale of the enemy, and cast into that of inari's benefactoV; and then remember, that it is to the double of its weight important to the cause of virtue. Think no more, whoever you are, that it is nothing which you can do : you can plume the angel's wing with one feather, which wijl accelerate" its flight of pity and compassion to your ' fellow men. Think not as the drop of rain did, that your doings will be Useless and worthless, and" lost for ever; but; think that under the guiding, framing, trans forming, transmuting Providence of Almighty God, ybur little dojngs may he found in the from of a reclaimed drunkard, regenerated, sanctified and immortalised, through the" spirit of divine grace; constituting one of the purest, brightest and most brilliant gems in the diadem of otit . Ud'orable -Redeemer. " ; ' V ' ; . What can I do ? — Why, you can come and push forward God's kingdom, which is righte ousness, and peqce, and joy in the Holy Ghost," farther within the limits of Satan's empire. Hark! a cry is heard/ What riiore can "be done ? fe chivalrous souls go up, go up, to the very gates of the citadel. Knock, khock loud and long !- let the stroke be ' fieard . reverberating through the length and breadth 'of the foes io- minions ! Persevere ! remember' Perseverance is the only virtue which is crowded with success." y\l i 1 - — a. A - V il V. < 4- . « L: \ja : now s>wrei scentea tne garianq which bands the brow of the temperance warrior ! How dif ferently gained' are his conquests to tjiosj? of the Bonapartean and Wellingtoniari race of heroes : they revelled in blood— he prevents its effusion. ' We aspire not to the character of a prophet or to that of the spn of a prophet, but we fearlessly predict that the light whiqh is in the world, (and which has arsested the attention and guided the feet of millions'who once walked in the dark lanes and wandered in the sombre roads of drunkenness, Wretchedness, and misery), will never be extin guished. Confident" are we that He who caused Bethlehem's Star " to arise, and guided its course, before the wondering Magi, is the author bf all good /and to Him we ascribe the bringing forth into our firmanent (already bespangled with the glittering orbs of his goodness and mercy) the star of Temperance. The sun, the' natural sun, which shone upon us to-day, is the same luminary which shone uyion our first parents in Eden's garden, not having lost a single beam; and the star of our times will reach unto our children and to our children's children. What earthly power can extinguish tie least star which twinkles over our head? and what earthly Of hellish power can extinguish the star of Tempe rance? No ! it is the proclaimer of " Glory to God in the highest, peace on earth, and good will to men." It has shone upon the tyrant and the slave — it has stayed the hand of the former, and melted with its beat the chain's which bound the latter. Speed, then, thy course, thou harbinger, of good,J1until thou shalt not be able to rise upon a tvrant. nor set unon a slave i " ' J. Russom. Torpley, Cheshire. 1 ' " 