BARNABY RUDGE. -o CnAPTRnt XVI. A series of pictures representing the streets of London in the night; even at the comparatively recent date of this tale, would present' to the eye something so very different in character from the reality which is witnessed 'in these tinmes, that it" would be difficult for the beholder to recogniso his most familar walks in the altered aspect of little more than half a ceontry ago. They were, one and all, from the broadest.and best to the narrowest and least frequented. ver,' dark. The oil and cotton lamps, though regularly trimmed twice or thrice in the long winter nights, burnt feebly at best; and at a late hour, when they were unas sisted by the lamps and candles in the shops,' cast but a narrow track of doubtful light' upon the foot. way, leaving the projecting doors and house.fronts in the deepest gloom. Many of the courts and:lanei' were left in total darkness ; those of the meaner sort, where one glimmering light twinkled for a score of houses, being favoured io no slight degree., Even in these places; the. inhabitants had often good rea son for extinguishing their lamp as soon as it was lighted; and the watch being utterly inefficient and powerless to prevent them; they did so at their plea. sure. Thus, in the lightest thoroughfares,:there was at every turn some obscure and dangerou's spot whither a thief might fly for'shelter, and few would care to follow; and the city being belted round by fields, green lanes, waste grounds, and lonely roads; dividing it at that time from the suburbs that have joined st since, escape, even where the pursuit. was hot, was rendered easy. It is no wonder that with these favouring circunm.' stances in full and constant operation, street rob'. beries, often accompanied-by cruel wounds and not unfrequently by loss of life, 'should have been'of nightly occurrence in the very heart of London, or that quiet folks should have had'great dread of tra versing its streets after the shops were closed. -It. was not unusual for those who wended home aloine at midnight to keep the middle of the road; 'the better to guard against surprise from lurking foot pads ; few would venture to repair'at a late hour to Kentish Town or Hampstead, or even to Kensington or Chelsea, unarmed and unattended s while he who had been loudest and most valiant at the supper' table or the tavern, and had but a mile or so'to go, was glad to fee a link-boy to escort him home. " There were many other characteristics, 'sot'quite so disagreeable, about the thoroughfares of 'London then, with which they had been long familiar. Some of the shops, especially those to' the eastward oft Temple-bar, still' adhered to the old practice of hanging out a sign; and the creaking and swinging of these boards inttheir iron frames on windy nights formed a strange and mournful concert for the ears of those who lay awake in bed or hurried 'through ' the streets. Long stands'of hackney' chairs and groups of chairmen, compared with whom the coach.' men of our day are gentle and polite, obstructed the way and filled the air with clamour;' night'cellars indicated by a little stream of light: crossing'the pavement, and stretching out halfway into the'rod,' and by the stifled roar of voices from below, yawied for the reception and entertainment'of the-most tbih doned of both sexes; under every shed and'bulk: small groups of link-boys ganied' away the earnings' of the day; or one more-weary than the rest, 'gave way to sleep, and let the fragment of his torchbfall' hissing on the puddled ground. .. Then there was the watch with staff and lailthorn crying the hour, and the kind of weather;'and'those who woke up at his voice and turned thenm i'oidd Tfk bed, were glad to hear it rained, 'or snowed, or blew;, or froze, for very comfort's sake. The solitary'p't senger was startled by the chairmen's cry of ,' By your leave therel" as two came trotting past him with their empty vehicle-carried backwards to show its being disengaged-and hurried' to the 'nearest stand. Many a private chair too, inclosing smnle fine lady, monstrously hooped -add fusbelowed, and preceded by running.footmen bearing flambeaux for which extinguishers are yet suspended before the. doors of a few houses of the better sort-made the way gay and light as'it danced along, and'darker and more dismal when it' had passed. It 'was not unusual for these running gentry,'who carried it with a.very high hand, to quarrel in the servants" h"ll while waiting for their masters and miatressis; 'an'd, falling to blows either there or in' the street:without, to strew the place 'of skirmish, with hair-powder, fragments of bag.wigs, ad 'seattered' nosegays.' Gaming, the vice which ran'so high'amobg all classes' (the fashion being of'course set by the'up'per); wai'. generally the cause of these disputes'; for cards-and' dice were as openly used; and worked as'sirch mil=. chief, and yielded as much'exciternent below stairs, Sas above. While incidents like these, arising'out of drums, and miasquerades, and parties at:quadrille, were passing at the west-end of the town, heavy stage-coaches and scarce heavier waggons were lim; bering slowly towards the city, the coachmeon,guard, and passengers, armed to'the teeth, and-the coach' a day or so, perhaps, behind its time, but that was nothing-despoiled. by highwaymen; who made no scruple to attack, alone and single-handed, a whole caravan of goods and men, and sometimes shot a passenger or two, and were sometimes shot thim selves, just as the 'case might be. On,the morroiw. rumours of this new act of daring on the road yielded matter for a few hours' conversation throughtihe town, and,a public progress of some fine gentleman (half drunk) to ''yburn, dressed in the newest fashion,' and damning the ordinary with unspeakable gallantry and grace, furnished.to the pop'ulace, at once a plea sant excitement and a wholesome'- and profound Sexariple.i . Among all the dangerous charactersawho'.In such a a state of society, prowled'and skulked in the meiro. polls at night, there was one man, from whom many as uncouth and fierce as he, shrunk with an involun tary dread, Who he was, or:whlence'he csame, was' a question often asked, but which none could answer. His name was :unknown, ,he. had' never:been keea n until within eight' days or. thereabputs,- andiwas equally a strangerto the old reftans, uponr.wh'ose haunts he ventured fearlessly, as'to the young. ',He could be no spy,.for he. never removed his alouihed hat to look about him; entered into conversation with no man, heeded hnothing! that passed,'listened, to no ir discourse, regarded nobody that came or went. 'But Iso surelyias-the dead of night set in, so- surely titles man was intbhe midst of the loose concourse in the Snight.cellar where outeasts of every grade resoibrted; and them he sat'til' morning. l -- :'--" ' in He was notonly a spectre at their licentious feasts, is a something'in the idistof their revelry and riotthai t chilled and haunted- them ; z but out of Idoors ' h'e was I5 the same, : Directly it was dark, he was abrotd-. oas nover hi company with any one, but always alone; st never .lingerlg or lollering, but always',walking swiftly; and looking (so they said who had seen Linm) over his shohlder from time to time, and as he did so quickening his pace. In the fields, the lanes, the roads, in all quarters of the town.-east, west, north, and south-that man was seen' gliding on, like a shadow. He was always hurrying away. Those who encountered him, saw him steal past, caughtaight of the backward glance, and so lost him in the darkness. This constant restlessness and flitting to and fro,. gave rise to strange stories. He was seen in such distant and-remote places, at times so nearly tallying with each -other, that some doubted whether there were not two of them, or more-some, whether he had not unearthly means of travelling from spot to spot. The footpad hiding in a ditch had marked, him passing like ' ghost along its brink; the vagrant had niethim onothe dark'highroad ; the beggar had seen him- pause upon the'bridge to look down at the water, and then sweep on again; they who dealt in bodies-with the surgeons could swear he slept in churchyards, and that they had beheld him glide away among the tombstones on their approach. And as they told these stories-to each other, one who had looked about him would pull his neighbour -by the sleeve, and there'he would be among them. At Jast, one man-he was one of those whose commerce lay among the graves-resolved to ques. tion this strange companion. Next night, when he had eat his poor meal voraciously (he was accus tomed to do that, they had observed, as though he had no other in the day), this fellow sat down at -his elbow. " A black night, master l" "It is a black night." " Blacker than last, though that was pitchy too. Didn't I pass-you near the turnpike in the Oxford road ?" "It' like-you may. I don't know."' " Come, come, master," cried the fellow, urged on by the looks of his'comrades, and slapping him on the shoulder; "be more companionable and communicative. Be more the gentleman in this good company. There are talus among us that you have sold yourself to the devil, and I know not what." " We all have, have we not 1" returned the stranger, looking up. " If we were fewer in number, perhaps he would give better wages." " It goes rather hard with you, indeed," said the fellow, as the stranger disclosed his haggard un washed face, and torn clothes. " What of that He merry, master. A stave of a roaring song now-" " Sing you, if you desire to hear one," replied the other, shaking him roughly off; "and don't touch me, if you're a prudent man; I carry arms whicb.go off easily-they have done so, before now and make it dangerous for strangers who don't know the trick of them, to lay hands upon me." " Do you threaten 1" said the fellow. " Yes," returned the other, rising and turning upon him,.and looking fiercely round as if in appre hension of a general attack. His voice, and look, and bearing-all expressive of the wildest recklessness and desperation-daunted while they repelled the bystanders. Although in a very different sphere of action now, they were not without much of the effect they had wrought at the Mlaypole Inn. " I am what you all are, and live as you all do," said the man sternly, after a short silence. " I am ,in hiding here like the rest, and if we were surprised would perhaps do my part with the beat of ye. If it's my humour to be left to myself, let me have it. Otherwise"--and here he swore a tremendous oath -" there'll be mischief done in this place, though there are odds of a score against me." A low murmur, having its origin perhaps in a dread of the man and the mystery that surrounded him, or perhaps in a sincere opinion on the part of some of those present, that it would be an incon venient precedent to meddle too curiously with a gentleman's private affairs if he saw reason to con ceal them, warned the fellow who had occasioned tlhis discussion that he had best pursue it no further. After a short time, the strange man lay down upon a bench to sleep, and when they thought of him again, they found that he was gone. Next night, as soon as it was dark, lihe was abroad again and traversing the streets; he was before the locksmith's house more than once, but the family were out, and it was close shut. This night he crossed London Bridge and passed into Southwark. As he glided down a bye street, a woman with a little basket on her arm, turned into it at the other end. Directly he observed her, he sought the shelter of an archway, and stood aside until sue had passed. Then he emerged cautiously from his -tiding.place, and followed. She went into several shops to purchase various kinds of household necessaries, and round every place at which she stopped he hovered like her evil spirit; following her when sire reappeared. It was nigh eleven o'clock, and the passengers in the streets were thinning fast, when she turned, doubtless to go home. The phantom still followed her. She turned into the same bye street in which he had seen her first, which, being free from shops, and narrow, was extremely dark. Site quickened her .pace here, as though distrustful of being stopped, and robbed of such trifling property as site carried with her. He crept along on the other side of the road. Had she been gifted with the speed of wind, it seemed as if his terrible shadow would have •tracked her down. At length the widow- for she it was-reached her own door, and, panting for breath, paused to take tire key from her basket. In a flush and glow, with the haste she had made, and the pleasure of being safe at home, she stooped to draw it out, when, raising her head, she saw him standing silently beside her; the apparition of a dream. His hand was on her mouth, but that was needless, for her tongue clove to its roof, and her power of -utterance was gone. " I have been looking for you many nights. Is the house empty Answer me. Is any one inside 1" Site could only answer by a rattle in her throat. " Mlake me a sign." She seemed to indicate that there was no one there. .lie took the key, unlocked the door, carried .her in, and secured it carefully behind them. (To be contnuedt.) 