Original Correspondence. CATHOLIC CHURCH, NORFOLK ISLAND. The morning beams, as they purple the verge of the glittering horizon beyond the islands of Phillip and Nepean, gild with their saffron light the build- ings of this settlement, which is seated on a rich velvet declivity, whose summits are crowned with lofty pines, and which contrasts its own deep green, such as bordered Calypso's isles, with the pure azure of the surrounding ocean. The approach from the sea is guarded by a reef eternally lashed by the enormous waves, which now, as it were, awakened by the fresh breeze of dawn, stretched a broad belt across from Emily Bay to Point Ross. The bar is usually high, heaped up surf upon surf. It is a succession of cylindrical waves, which, rising tier above tier, presents alternate layers of deep blue and dazzling white, the remotest, ever tire highest, with its huge mass momentarily intercepts the view. It is then an amphitheatre, with its arcades of foam, later an avalanche of snow on the sea of ice. Each wave bears along a cloud of foaming surf, a sweep- ing train, like that of a shooting meteor, or, stream- ing in the breeze, resembled the long Bowing tresses of Atalanta when pursuing Hyppomanes in the race. And here, on the verge of the side, are the prisoners' barracks and the churches lately erected. Captain Maconochie, the superintendent, indefatigable in carrying out his views of reform, and at the same time showing a wise regard for the equal claims and rights of conscience of the several denominations, has so far furnished his Protestant and Catholic subjects with the necessary means of religious instruction. High walls surround the area these buildings oc- cupy, and the external appearance-the marks of punishment and confinement-contrast with the loftiness, the expanse and coolness, and the sense of religious emotion that is awakened by a first glance within the church. The impression produced is like that on entering the cloisters of some monastic edi- fice of the thirteenth century, deep seated in sylvan shades, where branches wave their foliage indistinctly across the painted glass and the antique tracery of the gothic windows; columns, with their gothic capitals, and with arched and canopied recesses, cast their shade on the walls, while paintings and other artistical decorations furnish also their silent instruc- tion. The whole of it speaks the devotedness and the taste of the reverend chaplains, whose very limited resources have been employed in the produc- tion of these works. But then, here is the image of calm and undisturbed solitude by the side of scenes of tumult and storms-a temple, under whose roof the mind can find repose, and where everything tends to awaken its devout aspirations to heaven; and this feeling is heightened by the "dim religious light" which adds to its attraction. But, to give a correct idea of the new Catholic church at Norfolk Island, some of its details must be described. The building outside is of the plainest description — a parallelo- gram, 120 feet in length. A style has been created by means of frescos only in the anterior: it is of the middle ages, and belongs to the epoch of the renewal of the arts, with lancet arches and tracery. To begin with the sanctuary: the altar is panelled to resemble the monumental stone of one of the Henries in the cathedral of Winchester; deeply moulded quatrefoils contain shields, on which are carved em- blems of the passion. The tabernacles form a pyramid of canopies and pinnacles, which altogether conceals the basement of a large east window, a specimen of the perpendicular. The spaces between the mullions of the window, which are massive and solemn, are filled with transparencies, perfect imita- tions of stained glass, divided into diamonds. The principal scenes of the passion and Calvary are set in with all the boldness of the earliest and most costly painted windows; in the upper compartments and to a blaze of glory are well depicted the adora- tion, as described by St. John, which all the choirs of angels pay to God in heaven: the white robes, the harps, the music of the angels' choir, an altar, golden censers, with their fire and smoking incense; the lamb standing; and altogether it reflects on the pavement below, on the niches and statues of saints, a palpable, rich, and mellowed radiance. At the sides of the altar are small arched door- ways leading to the sacristy; there, by means of a broad skylight, has the effect of the window in the screen described been produced. Next to these doors are niches done in fresco on the screen — pillars supporting arched and florid canopies. In these recesses, on either side of the altar, are Rey- nolds's figures of Faith and Hope, of the natural size. Above the capitals the pillars are prolonged, and terminate in minarets or pinacles, between which, as a graceful finish, stand carved cherubims, with hands clasped in silent adoration; an innocent candour, mildness blended with a supernatural power, are happily traced on their features. Over the large oriel, and as a finish to the screen, is a smaller window of a circular form, which en- closes a cross of intricate workmanship, and sur- rounded by coloured flames and rays of glory. The whole is surmounted with a carved statue of the Virgin, whose extended hands stream celestial graces. Next to the sacristy doors, both on the epistle and gospel aide of the sanctuary, are niches in fresco on the walls; they contain full length figures of St. Vincent de Paul and the Blessed Virgin, under whose invocation the church is dedi- cated to the Holy Trinity. That of our Lady is habited after the manner of virgins consecrated to God, described by St. John Chrisostom Hom. 8th Timoth., namely, a blue tunic secured by a girdle, sandals black and pointed, a white veil partially covering the forehead, a black mantle which covers the head and extends, to the ground. In this instance the royal Virgin wears a crown, and sup- ports at her breast the divine child, who bears in his hand the sceptre; it resembles the ancient By- zantine portraits of the Virgin Mother of God. In the body of the church, and extending along the side walls, a series of painted arches, with cor- responding piers, columns, and pinacles, form a painted wainscoating similar to the old chancel or choir screens of carved oak. Where this is inter- rupted either by the pulpit or a doorway, clusters of pillars arise with loftier arches, and canopies which reach the entablature cornices and parapet. The cornices are composed of hollow mouldings, in which flowers are placed at intervals. The frieze is ornamented with figures ranged in professional order. Clerics of different orders and in various dress, acolytes and thurifers throwing up their cen- cers, others bearing crosses and banners with the images of saints. The christian multitude follow, men, women, and children, displaying a long line of blazing torches. Then appear the emblems of sacrifice, clusters of grapes and sheaves of corn, recalling the institution of the holy eucharist; urns and vessels containing the sacred water. Over the pulpit is painted in fresco, the descent of the Holy Ghost on the apostles and disciples, the figures are in every instance nearly of the natural size. On each side appear the election and the mission of the apostles; within a central medallion of the primacy of St. Peter, that apostle is on his knees, with great humility receiving the keys or chief authority delegated to him by his divine master. There are two side entrances thus uniformly de- corated with pillars and paintings: at one of them figures like angelic heralds stand in niches on both aides; in the arch over the doorway are Lot and his family retiring out of Sodom; to the left an angelic form waves a flaming torch over the city, and to the right is the pillar surmounted by a figure of Lot's wife changed into a pillar of salt ; the style of this is Egyptian. At the other entrance the figures in the niches are a Christ and a St. John preaching, the former holds or presents a cross in one hand, the end of which rests on the ground; the other hand is held up, and bears allusion to that passage in the gospel of St. Luke, c. ix. 23 v., "And he said to all: If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily and follow me." In the archway above, Christ again, under the weight of his cross, falls at the foot of Calvary in the brook Kedron. By the side of the statue of St. John are lambs, which, among the Hebrews, were emblama- tical of sacrifice; on the corresponding side floats the Byzantine standard, richly bordered, and divided by a cross into four compartments, alternately bear- ing the lion of St. Mark and the cross of the La- barum. The principal entrance — reserved for the military, who, for greater security, are intended to be kept divided from the body of the prisoners — with its massive door, its pillars and recesses, fills up the entire western end. The chief sculptures — if they may be so called — adorning the niches here are the four evangelists. St. Matthew, who writes his gospel kneeling, and at the dictation of an angel. St. Mark is seated on an episcopal throne, with the symbolical lion at his feet; he unfolds a golden label. St. Luke proffers his gospel; a winged ox supports his episcopal throne. St. John is seated on a soaring eagle, and contemplates the heavens. ALUMNUS. (To be continued) 