?laBuler iutnmprJte'e 4Qllor?t. -0 -PERSONAL ADVENTURES OF M.ASTIE t HUM PHREY. " Tita OLD CURIOSITY ISHOP.-CIHAPTER LXIII. The professional gentleman who had given Kit the cosanlatary piece of information-relative to the settlement of his trifle of business at the Old Bailey, and the probability of its being very soon disposed of, turned out to be quite correct in his- prognostications.' In eight days',time. the sessions commenced. In one day afterwards the grand jury found a true bill against Christopher Nubbles for felony; and in two days from that finding the aforesaid Christopher. Nubbles was called to, plead guilty or not guilty to an indictment for thllat he the said Christopher did- feloniously -abstract -and 'steal' from thi'e d el ling house and office of one Sampson Brass; gentle. man, one bauk note for five pounds, issued by the governor and company of the bank of England ; in contravention of the statutes in that case made and provided, and against the peace of our sovereign lord the king, his crown, and dignity. . To this indictment Christopher Nubbles, in a low and trembling voice, pleaded not guilty: and here let those who are in the habit of forming hasty judgments from appearances, and who' would have had Christopher, if innocent, speak out very arong and loud, observe, that confinement and anxiety will -subdue tihe stoutest hearts; and that to one who has been close shut up, though it be only for ten or eleven "days, seeing but stone walls and a very few stony faces, the sudden entrance into a great hall filled with life, is a rather disconcerting and startling cir cumstance. To this it must be added, that life in a wig is to a large class of people mnch more terrifying and impressive than life with its own head of hair; and if, in-addition to these considerations, there be further taken into account Kit's natural emotion.on seeing the two Mr. Garlands and the little notary looking on.with.pale and anxious faces, it will perhaps .seem matter-of no very great wonder that he should have been rather out of sorts, and unable to make hitmself exactly at home. Although he had never seen either of the Mr. Garlands, or Mr, Witherden, since the time-of his arrest, he had been given to understand that they lihd emril!oyed, counsel, for him. Therefore, when one of the gentlemen in wigs got up and said, " I anm forlhe prisoner, my lord," Kit made him a how; and when another gentleman'in a wig got up and said, " And I'm against him, my lord," Kit tremble: very much, and bowed to him too. And didn't he . Jippe in his own heart that his gentleman was a match for the other gentleman, and would make him ashamed of himself in no time I The gentleman who was against him had to speak -first, and being in dreadfully good spirits (for he had, in tide last trial, very nearly procured the ac quittal.of a young gentleman who had had the mis * fortune to murder his father) he spoke up you may be sure; telling the jury that if they acquitted this prisoner they must expect to suffer do less pangs and agonies than he had told the other.jury they would certainly undergo if they convicted that prisoner. And when he had told them all about the case, and that he had never known a worse case, he stopped a little while, like a man who has something terrible to tell them, and then said that he understood an attempt would be made by his learned friend (and here he looked sideways at Kit's gentleman) to impeach the testimony of those im maciilate witnesses whom he should call before them; but he did hope and trust that his learned friend would have a greater respect and veneration -for the character of the prosecutor; than whom, as -he well knew, there did not exist, and usnever had -existed, - a more honourable member of that most "honourable profession to which he was attached. And then he said, did the jury know Bevis llarks 1 -Abd, if they-did know Bevis Marks (as he trusted, ,for.tbeir own characters, they did), did they know \- he:historical and -elevating associations connected with that most remarkable spot Did they believe that a man- like Brass could reside in a place like Bevis Marks, and not be a virtuous and most up. right character? And when he had said a great deal to them on this point, he remembered that it was an Insult to their understandings to make any remarks on what they must have felt so strongly without.-him, and therefore called Sampson Brass -intothe witness box straightway. t "Then up comes Mr. Brass, very brisk and fresh ; and having bowed to the judge, like a man who has bad-the, pleasure of seeing him. before, and who .hopes Ito-has been pretty well since their last meet Ing, foldsahis.arms, and -looks. at his gentleman as much as' to-say, '" Here'I am- full of evidence tap me I" And the gentleman does tap him pre sently, and with great discretion too; -drawing off the evidence by little and little, and making it run quite clear and. bright in the eyes of all present. Then Kit's gentleman takes him in hand, but can make nothing of him; and after a great many very -long questions and very short answers, Mr. Sampson BrasIlsoes down in glory. . , ;To himmaueceeds Sarab, who in like manner is r easy to be .managed by Mr. Brase's gentleman, but -very obdurate to.Kit's. In short, Kit's gentlemen can get nothing out of her but a repetition of vhat she had said before (only a little stronger this time, asagaitist his client), and therefore lets her go, in some confusion. Then Mr. Brass's gentleman calls Richard -Swiveller, and Richard Swiveller appears acordingly. Now Mr. Brass's.gentleman has it whispered in his.ear that this witness i disposed to be friendly to the prisoner, whlich, to say the truth, he is rather I glad to hear, Has his strength is considered-tolie in what is familiarly termed badgering. Wherefore he begins by requesting tlhe.officer to be quite sure that this witness kisses the book, and then goes to work at him, tooth and nail. ', Mr. Swiveller,"-'. says this gentleman tO6 Dick, ewhea he has told his tale, with-evident reluctance and a desire to make the best of it; " pray, sir, wher?di d you dine yesterdayT " " Wlihere did I dine. yesterday"' - "Aye, sir, where did, you dine yesterday; was it near here, sir?" "Oh, to be sure- yes-just over the way." "To lie sure. Yes. -Just over the way," repeats Mr. Brass's gen. tletsra,with,a glance at the court. *' Alone, sir?" "I beg your pardon," says Mr. Swiveller, wbo 4shas hot caught the question, "Alone sir 1" repeats l4.,B J a' i gentleman in a voice ofthunder. " Did you.dinealonel Did youtreat anybody, sir 1 Come," '-Oi- yeh to be sure-yes, I did," says Mr. Swiveller..with a, smile. "1Have the goodness to beihis a levity, sir, which ir, very ill suited to the . plcsoeln which you stand (though perhaps you have reason to;be thankful.that it's onlytllat plsco)" saiys Mr?&rass;'s gentleman, with atiodof- the head in simatin -tbst tthedock 'is'Mit'. wivtille''i leifitimate spteroa sfaetiobn ?A and attend to me. You.i were waIting abouthere yesterday in expectation that this trial.was -sming-od, You dined ovet the way,? Ybu - treated solelandy. ?ow, was thaitnsiibddj broIl er \- totlpd?tiaoner.pt She bar "' Mr. Siveller laSpro. ..ceeding to explan' ,Yes or ,no, sir,"icrees Mr. .4rass's gentleman A Blut willlyoUlalls ame '" "Y. pno, Ao i r"--. Yes ,t i , wa,, $u.si ,--" yeatt was,"cries the gentleman, taking him up short 'i And a very pretty witness you are I" ' Down sits Mr. Brass's gentleman. Kit's gentle. man,.not knowing hWw the matter reallystands is afraid to pursue tile subject. Richard Swiveller re; tires abashed. Judge, jury, and spectators have visions of his lounging about with an ill-looking, large-whiskered, dissolute young fellow of six feet high. The reality is, little Jacob, with the calves of h?s legs exposed to the open air,. and himself tied up in a ihawl. Nobody knoows the truth, everybody I believes a falsehood, and all because of the ingenuity aof Mr. Brass's gentleman I Then comes the witnesses to character, and here rMr. Brass's gentleman shines. again. It turns out that Mr. Garland has had no character with Kit, no recommendation of' him- but from his own mother, and that he was suddenly dismissed by his former master for unknown reasons. " Really, Mr. Gar. land," says Mr. Brass's gentleman," for a person who has arrived atyour time of life, you are, to say the least of it, singularly indiscreet, I think." The jury think so too, and find Kit guilty. He is taken'off, hum bly protesting his innocence. The spectators settle themselves in their places with renewed attention, for there are several female witnesses to be examined in the next case, and it has been rumoured that Mr. Birass's gentleman will make great fun in cross. examining them for the prisoner. Kit's mother, poor woman, is waiting at the grate below stairs, accompanied by Barbara's mother (who, bonest soul I never does anything but cry, and hold the baby), and a sad interview ensues. The newspaper-reading turnkey has told them all. lie don't think it,will be transportation for life, because there's time' to prove the good character yet, and that is sure to serve him. He wonders what he did it for. " He never' did it I" cries Kit's mother. " Well," says the turnkey, "I won't contradict you. It's all one now, whether he did or not." " Kit's mother can reach his hand through the bars, and clasps it-God, and those to whom he has given such tenderness, only know in how much agony. Kit bids her keep a good heart, and, under pretence of having the children lifted up to kiss him, pray's Barbara's mother in a whisper to take her home. "Some friend will rise up'for is, mother," cries Kit, " I am sure. If not now, before long. My innocence will come out, mother, and I shall be brought back again, I.feel a confidence in that. You must teach little Jacob and the baby bow all this was, for if they thought I had ever been dishonest, when they grew old enough to understand, it would break my heart -to know it, if I was thousands of miles away. Oh I is there no good gentleman here who will take care of her !" The hand slips out of his, for the poor creattire sinks down upon the earth insensible. ltidhard Swiveller comes hastily up, elbows the bystanders out of the way, takes her (after some trouble) in one arm, after the manner of theatrical ravishers, and, nodding to Kit, and commanding Barbara's mother to follow, for he has a coach waiting, bears her swiftly off. Well, Richard took her home. And what aston ishing absurdities in the way of quotation from song and poem he perpetrated on the road no man knows. He took her home and staid till she was recovered; and having no money to pay the coach, -went back in state to Bevis Marks, bidding the driver (for it was Saturday night) wait at the door while he went in for " change." " Mr. Richard, sir," said Brass cheerfully, "Good evening." Monstrous as Kit's tale had appeared at first, Mr. Richard did, that night, half suspect his affable em. ployer of some deep villany. Perhaps it was but the misery be had just witnessed which gave his careless nature this impulse ; but be that as it may, it was very strong upon him, and he said in as few words as possible, what he wanted. "Money i" cried Brass, taking out his purse. " Ha hal To be sure, Mr. Richard, to be sure, sir. All men must die. You haven't change for a five pound note, have you, air?" " No," returned Dick, shortly. " Oh I" said Brass, " here's the very sum. That saves-trouble. You're very welcomo I'm sure.-Mr. Richard, sir-" Dick, who had by this time reached the door, turned round. " You needn't," said Brass, " trouble yourself to come back any more, sir." " Eh 1" e' You see, Mr. Richard," said Brass, thrusting his hands in his pockets and rocking himself to and fro upon his stool, " the fact is, that a man of your abilities is lost, sir, quite lost, in our dry and mouldy line. It's terrible drudgery- shocking. I should say now that the stage, or the-or the army, Mr. Richard, or something very superior in the licensed victualling way, was the kind of thing that would callout the genius of such a man as you. I hope you'll look in to see us now and then. Sally, sir, will be delighted I'm sure. She's extremely sorry to lose you, Mr. Richard, but a sense of her duty to society reconciles her.-An amsazing creature that, sirl You'll find the money quite correct, I think. !There's a cracked window, sir, but I've not made any deduction on that account. Whenever we part with friends, Mr. Richard, let us part liberally. A de 'lightful sentiment, sir I" To all these rambling observations, Mr. Swiveller answered not one word, but returoning for the aquatic jacket, rolled it into a tight round ball, looking steadily : at Brass meanwhile, as if he had some intention of r bowling him down with it. He only took it under a 'his arm, however, and marched out of the omfee in a profound silence. Directly he had closed the door, She opened it; stared in again for a few moments with the same portentous gravity; and, nodding his head once, in a slow and ghost-lilke manner, vanished. He paid. the coachman and turned his back on Borevis Marks, big with great designs for the com. , forting of Kit's mother and the aid of Kit himself. SBut the lives of gentlemen devoted to such plea. Ssures as Richard Swiveller are extremely precarious. a The spiritual excitement of the last fortoight, working i upon a system affected in no slight degree by the . spirituous exc!tement of some years, proved a little Stoo much for him. That very night Mr. Richard o was seined with an alarming illness, and in twenty. a four hours was stricken with a raging fever. d ' (To be continued.) ,, . . . 