ST. 1Av'tts CVI crGE. l'romu tlhe' Catholic Herald, Senieer ir.. 'l'he annual exhibition of the stude'R ofr, Saint Xavier's College took place last Wednesday,libfore a numerous and respectable audience. We feel proud: to say that it went off with great debt, re dounding greatly to tihe credit of the professors as well as of the students. The Right Rev. Dr. Carew arrived at l'o'clock, tand' on entering the examination hall, a band of oamusicians from H. M.'s 50th regiment struck up c:-tlhebeginning of a spirited overture, which was con -t: inned- at seasonable intervals during the course of the 'exhibition. So soon as the Bishop had been Sseated on the throne erected for him for the occasion, Master Francis Cornelius came forward and ad dressed his Lordship at.d the company present in the following neat and appropriate speech, which h!e delivered with a -confidence and modesty highly becoming: .My LORD, LADI?E AND GeswrLEMEN--.Such of the cpresent company, whose lot it once has been to be called upon as we now are, to give a public specimen a:of proficiency ii their studies, will not have forgotten their feelings on that occasion. They will easily understand, that'.the emotions which agitate our breasts, arise not from tny consciousness of dell Sciency in our duty, but from the 'anxiety we feel to see our endeavours crowned with that reward to which Siwe have so long looted forward with delight.- Yes, kind friends, at the approach of the holidays, there is as you will easily believe one thought which is uppermost in our minds, which of all others is dearest to our youthful breast-I mean the thought of home. SlThither our eyes, thoughts, and hearts are turned; there we anxiously hope to find the reward we have so long laboured for In that paternal blessing, those approving.smiles of parents whom we love-which give. to home its charm. It is the hope of this reward, and of the approbation of the reverend superiors, whom we leave. for a time, and of you kind friends of Alma Mater, that exults within us. But then reward is the guerdon of success in the contest; that success is doubtful, and terrors of the ordeal are before us. We dread them not, for we hare entered into the lists spontaneously. Yet there is this, that together with the uncertainty of ,.giving satisfactory proofs of our deserving it, troubles our breasts. But he must know little of the human lheart, who argues deficiency from anxious diffidence in the hour of trial, and less of tihe youthful mind who .is, ignorant of the baneful effects of too great anxiety and timidity on an occasion like the present. If, then, our over anxiety to please causes us to trip in any thing, we trust to meet with yourindulgence. :l!is address was received with great a)plause. Some of tile' students of thie third class were then called. up, when the Rev. Dr. Olliffe examined them in Cornelius'Nepos, and Mr. Vincent Rees in Feenbon,n Master David Picachy then came forward and delivered thiefollowing original elegy : sAUL hEronE 7i1lE WITCH of ENDOit. SCuOddly thii night wind through tlhe valley blew, \- Where Israel's troops lay slumbering on the ground; The shrouded stars no wandering glimmer threw, To light the sentry on hli midnight round. .The camp lirestoo hnd faded on his walk ; 'No watch dog's voice disturbed the solemn gloom; It seemed an hour for hurtil sprite to stalk, Or speal its bodings fl'o a yawning tomb, Slow from the camp unlmown to all the heaost, Stole one forlorn, on sad design intent: 'Twrs tapless Saul ;-to hope and meriry lost, Andl down tho vale his lonely steps wore bent. There dwelt a sorceress, whose awkled rites Unlocked the tomb, and waned the shrouded dead. Dy Soul's command the mystic npell allo cites; "Antd Samuel's ghost upirearo Ili hoary Sead. "Why iast thou, king, disturbed my soul's reose," I lurmured the spectre with a hollow sound: " I pray thee, seer, my destiny disolose," T T'lio.imor?lh sai, and bowed hIm to the ground.. "Why ask again ?" tho phantom voice was heard ' To say,!' Thy fate long time ago revealed, "God haiti loft thee; thIy rivnl Is preferred; Thy crimes ore numbered, and thty doom is seated. Plilithla's heel shall trample Judaulh crest: Thy peoplo's blood shall dreonch the battle plain ; And ore tomorrow's sinn sink in the west, Thou and thy sons shall number with the slaiu." After this followed the speech of Attius Tollus to the Volscans, translated into Greek from the 2nd book of Livy, which was delivered with great energy by Master James Cantopher. • he second class was examined by the Bishop and Rev. Mr. Chadwick' in the Greek of St. Lu'k'e, and Siun Latin, De Senectuto of Cicero and De Bello Gal lico Ill., IV., V.' The exhibition of this class concluded with the recitation of a Latin oration by Master Robert Cantopher. The first class was next called,' and underwent a searching examination in Xenophon, Cicero, and Virgil, by Father Sumner and the Bishop. Mr.. Edwin Cantopher here spoke a Latin poem, and lMaster: William Daunt delivered the following English poem :- . 5TH?IT LAST OF TIHE MtACAODEES. It was?t fearful sight to look around. ' ,And vlow the racks and swords and ilood stained ground, The limbs yet quivering and the mangled frames SOf youthfalt heroes martyred in the flames. Apart the trevnbliig throng, the mother's eyes , Danuntless the whilo gazed on the saerifice. She saw six sonls expire; the loveliest boy Itemained, at once her fondest fear and joy. loatlled in schemes of blood the tyrant tries To win this youth by soothing flatteries. aolling the child, "Fear not,' says he, "I swear To makte thre rich and happy as my heir. Quit but thy father's law, comply with minew I?y weuhlti, ts palnoe, and my crown are thine." His words are lost, but yet to gain his end e bhad the mother's voice fresh counsel lend. With fond affection leaning o'er her son, SIn native accents known to him alone, "lehold, my child these breaste," tioe mother said, " Whter cit I've pillowed of thy Infant bead; f R "lemanber all tlat love, those cares, those ears, * With whioch I tended o'aer thy early years. Now mark siy words, and trove shy Ilial love. I He whlo hathl formed ile worl d,and stretched the shies; .':: Wlo aunk the depths, and badothemouutntns rise; That God, of all the universal canuse, t Now claims thy'life, a martyr to his laws.. S'Ttsen tUlitk orl tm, nor featrIn mortal strife TI'o change a temporal for.eternal life. Tlhy brethretn nowarOese; tin breeze that bore Their dying groans is heard to sigh no more,. " "For whom, yrant. dost thou walt?" he cries. .What tItt porferoteboos thy threatsdvspse. r "What thoughr my heame be raeked by steel or fire, 'hin'lk',t thou my soul so tortured shall exlar t? Or shall these lthibs'o wrapped in endless ilghlt? Will God revIve thus not to glorious lightlt ? SWelcome then amnes and death." Wih fury strung Tie tyrant wrenches out hls fearless tongue, Thou ilom ii I head the tender okln is shorn, '... And fkom hIs bleedlng frame the limbs aore torn, 0 The mangled trtulk into a emtldron's tosed, p Anid tire consumnes the litgering holocaust. The eoustant tmother last the hiig withstood, And sealed her fealty to God in blood. Captain Marshlall, the examiner of the college of h Fort William, examined the pupils of tire fiat class c in Bengallee, which was followed by on ode in that n language, recited by a native student, Shams Churm j Sircar. " *. . c 2Tlhoe course of mathematics was-next called for. Ii Th0I chief examiners were Dr. Carew and Mr. Rees. The matter examined was algebra, trigonometry, a a.nd iurveying. The navigation class was examined i by Captait Biale. Want of time . precluded a u lengthened examination in natural philosophy- b optics alone being exhlibited. Thie B3ishop, Fathers More and Sumner examiued ti the class of logic in Latin, and the students, Robert Is and Edwvin Cantoplher, and Shama Churn Sircar, I argued with great readiness and self-possession. .To , hear a native of India discuss freely in Latin, seemed to excite the surprise and admiration of the auditors. o . A vocal piece-the ifPolian Lyre--was performed by some of the students accompanied by the band, h and the exhibition concluded,with an epilogue ih ti French, which was well spoken by Master Augustus ti Baisubolle. b i Befiore thle distribution o'f prizes, the reverend d superior explained, in a: few words, the system of 5 examlnation observed in the college, and the claims 01 requisite to obtain a prize. The scholastic year Is divided into four terms, at the end of each of which, te each studeutin every class undergoes a strict exmi- h nation, by writing of all that hlie lhas studied during the three preceding months. When the papers ol h each scholar have been examined by the professor, * a report of the examination is made before the whole college, and the names of those in each clius who have signalised themselves by their success, are read out with distinction. To obtain a reward, it is necessary for a scholar to merit this honour of dis tinction, three.examens out of four. At the end of each term, three themes or subjects of composition in English, French, and Latin, are given to each class, proportioned to the abilities of the respec tive students; the aggregate merits of these compo sitions are taken, and to that boy whlo excels most is adjudged the first place in his class. This honour obtained at the end of the fourth term, secures for the possessor a reward of a silver medal in the two highest classes, and of a book in the others. But to secure a prize, besides three distinctions for know ledge in the year, it is requisite that each candidate have given satisfaction by his conduct; otherwise, though he have been distinguished every term by success of his studies, he will lose. his premium. The names of the successful candidates were then read out, and the meritorious youths coming forward to the throne, received their prizes from the hands of his lordship. FPOR EXCELLENCE IN COMPOSITION. First Class-Edwin Cantopirer, a silver medal. Second Class- Francis Gomes, ditto. Third Class-Antony Fressanges, a book. Fourth Class- Thomas Snell, ditto. FPO DISTINCTIONS AND 0OOD CONDUCT. First Claes-Edwin Cantopher, Robert Cantopher, . and Francis Cornelius, a silver medal each. Second Class-Francis Games, William Daunt, John D'Rozario, and Augustus Saubolle, a silver medal each. Third Class-Antony Fressanges, John Baptist, Edward Lataur, Edward Gonsalves, Jos. Gon salves, James I-eberlet, and James Flenry, a book each. Fourth Class-Thomasnell, William Wood, Winm. Waller, George Waller, George Bennett, and William Gill, ashook each. Fifth class.-William Hobson, William Huodson, Samuel George, John Martinelly, and Benjamin D'Rogario, a book to each, After the distribution of prizes, the Right Rev. Dr. Carew, accompanied by all the clergy and the assembly, proceeded to the chapel, when a Te Deum was claunted, and solemn benediction given by the iBishop. Among the company present we observed, besides those who are named above,, Doctors Mercer and Rose, Captain Middleton, Messrs. Lackersteen and Drale, the Sardinian Consul, &c.; &c.;, all of whom retired highlydelighted with the proficiency displayed by the students. It is amusing to read the account given of this exhibition by one of our contemporaries. This re port must evidently have been made up by a young man ignorant of the matter of the examination, and a perfect stranger to the doctrines and ceremonies of the Catholic church. High mass sung by ithe Bishop at tlhree o'clock in the evening.! 