£>rlect ftortrp The following is ait election ballad published in -"the .Tablet of June 26th 1841, and with the' sub stitution of the word " signature," ("to the- Peti tion against the Police and Road Bill) for "vote," « pol"-&c.;, it- will be extremely appropriate at the present time, and its tone should arouse the inde pendent spirit of every colonist in our province. The notes have been supplied hy a correspondent of the 'Launceston Courier in which Journal the -verses shave recently appeared. THE GOOD OLD CAUSE. '-Hurrah, hurrah, for the good'old cause! 'Tis a stirring sound to hear; \For it tells of the rights and franchises Which our fathers bought so dear. w-It brings us back to the ancient time9, When like-valiant men they stood, _ To sprinkle our infanHibertiea - With the baptism of -blood ; "Whilst mailed baron and mitred priest Came riding o'er the lea, -To wring from the tyrant's palsied-hatrd ' The charter of the free 1 brings us back to the glorious day, WJien the proud Queen did not dare To uphold the great monopolies In spite of her people's prayer; ilt brings to ns Eliot's dungeon room, To thespot where Hampdenf fell, ' "And the scalTold that echoed the noble words' Of Sydney's last fafeivelJ; Kit summons the ghosts' "of burried men To. receive our fond applause, >And bids to tread in the steps of Ihose Who died -for the good old cause ! "The good old cause, it is still the same, Though parties have changed their hue ; 'Tis the cause of the right against the wrong, Of the many against the few ; " 'Tis the cause of all that would dwell at peace On a-free, untainted sod Of the poor, that weep in their foodless homes, Of the people and their God ! "We have still the brave old work to do, . And the selfish hate to dread Of slaves that once would have forged u3 chains, And now would deny us bread ! " The good old cause, it has champions yet, Like those who have passed away ; The barons of Runnymede all are dust, -But FitzwilliamTJ lives to-day ; -And liberty's oak still waves its boughs O'er the Howard's rich domains ; And the old, heroic martyr stream Still flows in a Russell's veins ; And our Queen is with us — the bright, the fair ; And around her throne she draws The men that will stand, with heart and hand, —In defence of the good old cause ! -But, thanks- to the chiefs of the olden time, 'And the laws which in blood they wrote, T"Wti need no weapon to cruh our foes Save the freeman's kouest vote ! -And whoever burns with a noble pride At the sound of England's name, v 'And would scorn to barter his country's weal ' For the sake Of wealth or fame; But would Tather follow the red-cross, flag Wheie the storms of ba.tle roll, .= Must prove that- he comes of British- race At the hustings and the poll I "But the coward slave (if such there be) That- would sell his birthright now, ' « For a flowing, rup, or the chink of gold, Or the-smile of lordling's brow, rMay his neighbour shrink from his proffer'd hand, " As" though it wr re roiled for aye, And may every women turn her cheek From liis perjured lips away ; -'May his country's curse be on his head, And may no man ever see \--A gentle bride at the traitor's side, -Or children- about his knee"! And some will- menace, and some will cajole, And some wfl entreat with tears ; "We have 'corn for threats, and laughter for lies, And pity for idle fears : "We look on our vote as a solemn f rust, -For a mighty purpose given, Ai'.d will answer the use we make of it To none but ourselves and heaven : ' We have no less stake than the proudest peer In our country and its laws -And a single voice may incline the sca"le ". -To the side of the good old cause I Aitha. " Sir John Eliot was imprisoned with John "Hampden, for refusing to contribute to the odious ship money of Charles 1st, in 1626, and remained there until his death in 1632. His son petitioned ' Charles to let his father's body be interred in his native soil, among his ancestors, in Cornwall, but the monarch had the brutality to wiite at the foot of the -petition : " Let Sir John Eliot's body be buried >iirthe parish church where! he died," and accord- ingly it was thrust into au obscure corner in the "Tower Church. v t John Hampden was Wounded whi'st leading -up a paity of horse to support some parliament troops, defeated by the fiery Prince Rupert at -Chalgrove, in Buckinghamshire, and died-six days after, in 1643. Colonel Algernon Sydney, beheaded on Tower Hill, in 1683. -He mounted the scaffold with an air of triumph. His parting words were few, his prayers short, and having placed a paper in the hands of the Sheriff as his last legacy to the world, \- and last testimony to the good old cause, belaid his head upon the block, and wis dispatched at a blow. If The present Lord" Fitz.viiliam, during his fa-, \--ther's lifetime, Lord M ilton. Ever a steady friend \- to liberal principles, and who very properly denomi- . nated the last coronation as ' an empty pageant, -and a relic of feudal profuseness of expenditure." || The present Duke of Norfolk, Bernard- How ard, and his son. the late 'Lord Surrey, now Lord 'Maltravers, prof, ss the same . principles that their ancestors have held in esteem now some centuries. Russell's name is enough. The shade of 'his -patriot ancestor will ever exist, and be hallowed in our memories. Lord "John's connexion with every thing that is liberal, intellectual, and high minded, ;.ri quires no comment. -Up to1 the last year of her reign, Elizabeth was in the constant habit of bestowing some profi table monopoly on her -favourites. All kinds of wine, salt, starch, 'tin, steel, coal, and numerous other commodities, were monopolized by men who had :the exclusive right of sending them, and;fixing their own prices. After four days debate such as the house had never heard before — on a- question of supplies, that arbitrary and powerful Queen was obliged to send down a mes'age, saying she would revoke all patents and monopolies, before the house Would vote the money she required. muM ii B.mwiawrwi .ii.iijs.1. 