ILorrd Enlflltgntrr. Tug t.atf, Libel Case. — We should he sorry to say anything that would have the appearance of aggravating Mr. Arden's offence, or increasing lite amount of liis punishment; but there is some- thing due to Mr. Marshall, and as he ?tctna tunc iiftuiy it) uuwwii jUMiLU ill liiu hands of our contemporaries, we arc forced to offer some remarks on a subject wo would lain have avoided. We have no fancy for libel actions ; for, we be lieve, they arc rarely productive of any beneiicial effect either in selling right the character of the person vilified, or in checking t ho spirit of slander in which personal libels originate. But there must be some protection lor private character, else the prospects in lile of unoffending individuals may be irretriev ably ruined at the mere caprice of the editor of a newspaper, or of any other person who has the command of n press and types. The legal maxim, " the greater the truth, the greater the libel," will not bold good now-a-days, excepting in so far as no conscientious jury would sanction the wanton and uncalled-for publication of the truth, with the express view ol inflicting an injury. When Mr. Marshall came forward as a candidate for a public situation, be became, for the tune, public property, and, if there was anything in his charac ter, or in the past actions of his life, which rendered him unworthy to hold such a situation, the newspaper editor who exposed the unworthiness of tne candidate, provided no confined Ins strictures witliio the bounds of truth, would merit- the thanks of the commu- nit y . — In such a case the truth would not be a libel, because not published wantonly and unnecessarily, and no jury of honest men would find a verdict of guilty under such circumstances. But, on the other hand, the public as well as the private man is entitled lo protection against the malicious attacks of his cnc mies, and when falsely or unfairly assailed may justly claim protection at the hands of a jury ol his country. If Mr. Arden's premises had been correct bis strictures would have been justified, inasmuch as Mr. Marshall would not have been a fit and proper person to hold a seat in the Town Council of Melbourne, and his unworthiness would have deserved expo sure. But his premises being false_ Mr. Marshall is enlitled to protection, and Mr. Arden deserves punishment. On the trial Mr. Marshall adopted the most manly course, for, owing to the nature of the libel, and tiic period it extended over, lie was the only person in the Colony who could give evidence as lo its truth or falsehood, and his appear ance in the witness box gave the de fendant nn opportunity of establishing the truth of bis remarks which lie could not othetwise have obtained. On the trial the falsehood of the libel wns directly sworn to ; indeed nothing appeared to shew there wus any foun dation whatever for such strictures; sav- Coloninl Store — This enm of J814C7 Be. 04. is chiefly made up of Stores supplied lo Emigrants, pre viously to the system of Contracts having heeu adopted for that branch. ing that some nineteen or twenly years ago Mr. Marshall was a bankrupt, nnd had not obtained his certificate. Now, there is nothing disgraceful in the mere fact of a man's becoming a bankrupt, unless it appears that li is bankruptcy was fraudulent, atid not the result ol misfortune. Neither is the absence of a ceitificate any argument that the bank- inptcy was fraudulent, or otherwise, un less it can be shewn that it was applied for and refused, and that Mr. Marshall swears is not the case. Had it been othet wise, however, the lapse of twenty years might have saved Mr. Marshall from Mr. Arden's strictures, for it must be an offence of deep dye, indeed, that the lapse of twenty years docs not suf fice to bury in oblivion. Debating Society. — On Friday, die question, " \v lictlirr does wcalin or in tellectual talents and acquirements confer the greater influence upon tlio possessor ?" was discussed : Mr. Daiuion in the chair. Mr. Gilbert observed, the question now for discussion was one of the most important that had been discussed since tlio opening of the society — it was one which marked the rapid progress that civilization was making in the world. Wealth had become the slave of acquirement and talent. He denied the power of wealth, without being exer cised by talent. He understood by talent the just and intellectual exercise of the mind ; he did not consider that talent which was exercised in slandering another ns le gitimate. Literary acquirements had that respect paid to them which wealth could never obtain. lie could take many great names, such as Pitt and Washington, which was amply sutlicient to prove that more was iloitn I. it riml u/'fi I a I I'.'iliuiM I C tlt'tM '111 IIIIMW ill luiLiua uiiii ii'ijiui VHILIU J «.<»«! « the wealth accumulated by ages of industry and labour. Wc found that previous to establishments being founded, in all coun tries, talents and acquirements steered the course ; we found that great men in the houses of parliament pointed out the course of wealth to the country, and wealth followed the produce of their intellects. He. compared the influence of wealth to a thermometer — the indication to good and evil depending on the atmosphere of society. Did wo not find that when the appetite for knowledge had increased, the desire of wealth decreased? Knowledge was power. By the cultivation of litc-iulure, society was gradually becoming purer and mure refined. Men of the most humble origin, Franklin, for instance, mid Arkvvright, to whom we nrc indebted for much tlmt is useful to science : these men rose to eminence by tho commanding influence of their intellect, and had procured for their country a never- ending source of wealth. Washington also was another bright instance ol the superior advantages of talent over wealth. We generally found that those who had made their fnr'tuiics by literary acquirements were the inosc liberal in the distribution of it. Did we not often find the poor man with intel lect did moro good, even in this country, than the rich man with his wealth? when the rich man lost his wealth, he lost all ; hut the poor man had his intellect to fall hack to, which would always place him above dependence. — Mr. Osborne, in reply, said tlmt Mr, Gilbert had descanted eloquently; there was one mistake, however, into which ho had fallen ; he had taken talent only, whereas talent joined with wealth ought to have heeu taken into consideration. Wenlth had been spoken of as being perverted ; had not talent also been the same ? Ilave the poor men with talent any influence in public speaking without wealth? A germ of talent tuny lie very vuluablc to its possessor; hut without wealth it rendered liini only con spicuous, and showed him his own no thingness, unless accompanied with wealth. , Mr. Gilbert had entirely confined himself to the question of talent accompanied by wealth, and in tlmt lie had failed — both ought to Imve been considered together. Mr. Hull said that even one knew that wealth was not durable, it wns not so with talent. A man possessed of talent was a citizen of all nations. Wealth had com pletely demoralized the Spartan community. Where tlio progress of cducution went for ward, the preponderance of wealth would he less felt. Cirnsus' wealth was proverbial, and ho was constantly cited as an instance of the insta'uiliiy of human greatness. Wealth was employed to overturn tho liber ties of the Roman Republic, and in modern dnys wealth had been too frequently em ployed to effect the worst ofpurposcs. On the other hand, Homer was a blind heggnr, but bis writings still remained to enlighten and instruct the world. Dr. Johnson wns another instance of poverty, but his power ful mind enabled him to rise superior to its depressing influence. He would instnnce another eminent man, Mr. Rothschild, who was an instance where talent and wealth had gone together. We had heard of rogutsii jews, nut no wnen uic uestuuus ot nations were in his hands, acted the straightforward and honest part. Wealth could only give tlmt enjoyment which every man in the absence of it could obtain by the resources of his own mind. Wellington had saved his country more by talent tlinn wealth. lie contended that intellectual possession was far more beneficial to com munities than the mere possession of wealth. — Mr. Howler said, that Mr. Pitt was the representative of a very wealthy class, and lie stood in iiis place in parliament to carry out the views of his party ; the case was the same with Sir Robert Peel. He contended that many talented men were merely tho instruments of wealth. — Mr. O'Neil said that Mr. Hull had brought forward numerous instances of wealth from ancient history, hut ho could not understand his meaning, mid he was sure lie did not un derstand it himself. Dr. Johnson did nut possess the proper talent of a man, for ho could nover criticise fairly on tho produc tion of others. Mr. Hull hud rambled about between the ancients and moderns from the days of Moses to tho days of Pitt. Mr. O'Neil then, amidst loud laughter, alluded to the various instances related liy Mr. Hull, and humorously argued that they had no bearing on the present subject. Ho could not deny to Sir Robert Peel tho reputation of being a talented men, but it had been got by reading. Mr. Gilbert had made the best bargain of it bnd market, and Mr. Osborne had helped him out ; he had not heard any-. thing that evening which tended to enlighten tho meeting, and lie thought they would se parate in tiie sumo opinions ns when tliey cntiie in. Mr. Foxton agreed with Mr'.O'Neil that the' question had not been brought forward in n proper mnnncr. All these pub lic men who had boen mentioned had inlont combined with great wealth ; at tho same time wo saw men with great talent without wealth, and innny with great wealth without ability. Mr. Sutherland said ho had known many inen with wealth handed down to them by their forefathers, too indolent to employ their talents. Many men took care of their money, hut neglected to attain that which would have handed their names down to posterity. Men of wealth, it wns true, had great influence in these colonies; per sons in trade would rather deal with such men than with men of talent who had no property ; therefore, oil that account, and for that reason only did the man of wealth take tlio advantage of the man with intel lect without its desirable accompaniment. Mr. Dunn said that talent bad always been found to taku precedence of wealth; if ta lent could overcome force as well ns wealth, what .could tliey both do when combined together. Mnlininct without wealth origi nally, had been able to collect an army, nnd became a mighty conqueror. In his opinion Martin Luther Imd produced that revolution in society which wealth could never pro duce. Sir. Gilbert in reply, said tlint lie knew it was very easy to excite laughter, hut d illicit It to elicit truth. The argument was greatly in his favour. lie wanted inlent to lie purchased, hut he did not wish it to he made the slave of wealth; the man that would prostitute his talents for the sake of wealth was not worthy the name of a innn. Did not the present civilization of nations owe its existence to talent. Could wealth put the soul into the iron which formed tho steain engine? When they saw some great spirit emancipating the slaves, wns not that a sight better than the sight of all tho wealth of the world? Many parties in this country had lost their fortunes owing to the absence of talent. Mr. O'Neil did not like to trace the origin of these wealthy talented men who had heeu mentioned, and attributed it to chance; but he entirely disagreed with him. Was it to lie supposed that these men legis lated by chance? There was a decided in- fluence of talent over wealth in every part of the globe. With regard lo Mr. Bowler's remarks, tlicy were well meant; wealth had always chosen talent to direct it ; a striking instnnce had occurred in Louis Phillipu; he had saved by his diplomacy, and by lira ex treme enlightenment of his intellect several wars, and yet in the day of his adversity lie had been a teacher of "England. Who was there that did not know his present proud position among the European iiiuuarchs, which must certainly he attributed to that innate talent which he so eminently pos sessed. The question was then put, when it appeared that seven were for wealth, and six for talent nnd acquirements, being n majority of one in favor of wealth. Fatal Accidest. — Between the hours of six and seven o'clock on Friday evening, as a man named William Hyde, was driving his water cart down Collins-street, he fell off the shafts, and the wheel passing over his body caused his death almost immediately. The horse set off at full speed, but coming in contact with a post was overthrown. Constable Waller, who happened to be on the spot at the time the accident occurred, immediately procured assistance, and by the direction of Dr. O'Mullane conveyed the unfortunate man to the Hospital, where after lingering a short time he died. An inquest was held on the body on Saturday morning, nt the Victoria Tavern, Queen- street, before W. B. Wilinot, Esq., Coroner for the district, when the above facts were deposed to by the witnesses. Dr. O'Mul- lane was of opinion that concussion on the brain caused the death. The jury re turned a verdict of accidental death. At three o'clock on the same day another in- quest was held at the Commercial Inn, Collins-street, on the body of John Smith, the infant son of a labouring mail residing at the Stringy-bark Forest. The mother of the child deposed that on Wednesday morn, ing last she missed her son from the hut, and finding he did not respond lo her calls, went in search of him. She had not gone far from the house before she overheard the children of Mrs. Moloney, a neighbour, in- form their mother that Johnny Smith was lost. The unfortunate woman on hearing this, immediately suspected that her child had fallen into one of the water-holes, about 100 yards from the huts. She ran to the place, and there found her child's clothes above the water, but on taking it out found it quite dead. Every means were then used for its restoration, but without effect. The jury returned a verdict of Accidentally drowned. Tue Markets. — There was an excellent supply of vegetables in the market during the past week, and the quality first-rate. The following nro the current prices: — Potatoes, Id. to 2d. per lb., 9s. Gd. to 12s. perewt.; carrots, 2d. per lb.; turnips, Is, per dozen; radishes, Is. 9d. per dozen hunches; cabbages, 2s. per dozen ; celery, scnrcu, Is. per liend ; lettuces, Is. Oil. per dozen; cnuliflowors, 2s. Gd. per dozen; onions, Gd. to (3d. per lb., abundant ; apples, Is. Gd. per lb. Poultry, See.— turkeys, 10s. each; geese, 10s. each ; ducks, 8a. to 9s. per couplo ; wild ducks, 2s. Gd per couple ; |l)\i ||j| OS» L'J l/di JJv»l I'lIU |Hli f UU llcl f 19< 1UU| per lb.; eggs, 2s. per dozen. The Theatre. — The performances at the Theatre this evening commence with mi amusing petite Comedy, entitled Catching an Heiress, in which bliss Ilorton, a fresh debutante, makes her first appearance on the Melbourne hoards. Report speaks highly of Miss llonon's abilities, and we have reason to expect she will prove a highly desirable acquisition to the carps dramutique. The favorite Melodrama One o'Clock; or, the Wood Demon, is in prepara tion nud will shortly he produced, mi a scale of splendour unrivalled in the Australian Colonics. Laiiuuii. — The total cessation of immi gration litis seriously affected the labour market; wages are up in till parts of the province, and " old hands" turn up their noses al anything under thirty-five pounds a-ycar for farm luhuur. This is another of the evils which result from our connexion with tho Middle District; Sir George Gipps has mortgaged our laud fund to supply Syd ney with labour, nnd our settlers must be content to pay liigb wages until the debt is paid ; indeed even then if a separation is not. granted to tho province, wo must submit to n renewal of the expenditure of our funds for the benefit of the white-slave-holders of New South Wnlo9. Steam. — It will be seen by an advertise ment in another column that the twofold loss sustained by the province in the cossution of steam commiinicatioti| with New South Wales and Van Diemeii's.Lnud is about to bo remedied by the laying on of the Seahorse its a regular trader between this port and Sydney, calling nt Goorge Town, (V. D. L.,) going and returning. The colonists owe this arrangement to tho favourable opinion of the -district entertained by Mr. Boyd; we trust, 'therefore, that no exertion will be spared on the., part of our merchnnts to secure the con tinuance of such an inestimable benefit. Masonic.— Tho brethren of the Lodge of Australia Felix will he glad to learn that in. tclligence has at length been received of the issue of a Warrant of Constitution for the Lodge, from the United Grand Lodge of Freo and Accepted Masons of England. Tlio number of the Lodge on the roll of Lnd<>cs under the jurisdiction of the United Grand Lodge of England is 697. The Lodge is now in full communication with the Grand Lodge, and will of course he in lira regular receipt of masonic intelligence from all parts of the world. In the report of the quarterly communication of the United Grand Lodge of England, hoi Jen at Freemasons Iiall, London, cm the 1st September, 1041, Ilis Royal Highness Prince Augustas Frederick, | Duke of Sussex, K. G., &c.; &c;„ M. W. Grand Master, on the throne, j we ohservo under the head of" Register Fees and Cer tificates," an acknowledgement of the receipt of two guineas from J. D. Nicliolls, Esq., Deputy Provincial Grand Master for Aus tralia. This must be a mistake for G. U. Nicliolls, Esq., (Captain Nicliolls' brother,) who then held the olfice of Deputy Provin- cinl Grand Master for Australia, and lias only recently resigned it. The number of the Lodges on the roll at thedate of thequnrtorly communication in December last, w hen tlio It. W. the Most Hon. Marquis of Salisbury, D. G. M., presided as G. M., was 702. Tlio latest report announces the death of tho V. W. Brother William Harrison, Esq., Q. C., Grand Registrar of the Order, and President of the Hoard of Benevolence, who has been succeeded as Grand Registrar by the W. Brother Thomas llenry llall, Esq., appointed to the oliicc by 11. 11. II. tlio Duke of Sussex, M. W. G. JM. Masters and Servants Act. — The Polico Court wns occupied during the greater part of the day on Thursday with the hearing of a charge, under the Masters and Servants Act, brought against Mr. Lyon Campbell, of Caniphellficld, by Mr. E. Curr, of Saint Helicrs, formerly niunager for lira Van Dieuicn's Land Company at Circular Head, — the first case, of the kind, wo believe, which has come before the Mclhouruo bench. Mr. Curr charged Mr. Campbell with enticing from his service a cook of the name of Agues In ing, who had been in his employ about ten weeks, hut not under any written agreement. It appeared from tho evidence, that tho cook had been engnged by Mrs. Campbell, under the impression that she was leaving Mr. Curr's service, tho magistrates therefore dismissed tho case. Mr. Curr, who preferred his complaint in person, dealt some hard blows at bis oppo- nentand the collectiv e wisdom of the bench. The Late Flood.— South Melbourne lias once more assumed tlio appearance of terra firmtt, and the Yarra Yarra, though still as suming n formidable aspect, is confined within its legitimate bounds. The extent of the devastation committed by the lute flood is not yet known, nor can it be ascertained until tlio fresh has subsided. There is no duubt, however, that great part of the dam is carried away, and the stones deposited in the basin. This, however, is not tlio worst of it. The sot of lira current lias been com pletely changed by the formation of the dam, and the whole of the lira: .-nd gravel brought down bv the current is now deposited in tlio bight of the basin, and there is every pros pect, that in the course of a few months at farthest, vessels of 100 tons bin then, ntul upwards, will bu unable to approach tho uhnrf. When tho dam was commenced, nn expeiienced seaman in town expressed his belief tlint tho result would lie to d — n the town, and vvc fear his prophecy is likely to prove too tvue. Shop- Lifting. — On Saturday evening last, a convict nnineil Major, attached to tho survey depot tment, went into tlio butcher's shop kept by Mr. O'Farrell, in Elizabeth-street, t" procure the customary ration of meat fur the establishment. Whilu waiting to be supplied, the fellow watched nn opportunity, and contrived to slip, un observed, into his hag a piece of veal which had been pieviuusly sold to one of Mr. O'Farrell's customers. Major then left the shop, saying he would call again for his bag;, during his absence the veal was missed, nnd suspicion falling upon Major, his bag was searched and the missing property found. Gil his return he was taxed with tho theft, aud given into custody. The March of Hintcllect.— On a pieco of broad paling, stuck up in theynrd attached, to a cabin adjoining the Waterloo Tavern, Little Collins-street, appears the following, announcement : — Notice tripe cow Ileal Irani 8c cold savullo.s gcrninn sassnges sold lienr nents feeat oil Laxghoiines' Insolvency. — An order fur the discharge of the Messrs. Langhoriic from the custody of the Deputy Sheriff was issued on Saturday week, the insolvents having com plied with the order of the court, nnd fiic-d nn amended schedule. wc siinjom tne par ticulars of the new statement : — Linbiliticsl ,£23,551 6s. Id.; Assets — landed property, .£3,805, personal property, £"1,661 7s outstanding debts, £10,199 18s. 6d. — tola, nssets, £15,666 5s. 6d; balance deficiency, £7,885 Os. 7d. Capture of a Tiieif. — A well-known character named Tlmtnns Hennessey, who has long contrived to cscnpc the vigilnuce of the police, wns detected on Wednesday last with iiis ill- gotten gains in iiis possession, under circumstances which will ensure him n free passage to a penal settlement, nn tho next criminal session of the Supreme Court It seems tlmt on Monday last Hennessey, made his appenrai ce nt the stntion of n Mr. Matthews, on Gardiner's Creek, in the character of n wny- lnrer, and was hospi tably entertained for tho night. Shortly after the arrival of Iiis guest, Mr. Matthews had to leave the station on some business which detained liiin till the following morn ing, and on his return, he found the bird flown with the gr, nter part of his wardrobe, a cheque mi one of t lie banks, and somvv other property. On discovering Iiis loss Mr. Matthews cnmc to town and gave in formation to the police, and to various par ties in town. On Wednesday, Mr. Turner, who keeps a public-house at Richmond, offered the cheque to Mr. Milligan, the auctioneer, who immediately recognized it, and on enquiry it was found that it had been paid away by Hennessey, who was still in Turner's house. A constable was sent lor, who proceeded with Mr. Milligan and Mr. Turner to the house of the latter, where they found Hennessey in tho act of folding up some shirts stolen from Matthews' hut, and marked with his initials. Hennessey was immediately taken into custody, and brought to town. On Thursday he vves brought up nt the Police Oflice, and the above facts being sworn to, be was com mitted to take his trial. Tnr. Insolvent Law — At tlio Supremo Court on Tuesdny, his Honor took occasion to remark, that lie regretted extremely tlmt neither the English Bankrupt Laws nor tlio Scotch Sequestration Laws were in nso in these colonies, instead of tho attachment system. The collective wisdom of the British Parliament anil tho decisions of the British Judges were decidedly preferable to the law nt present in existence. Much confusion and great expense would he saved if this were the case, and lie should urge in the proper quarter the necessity of their being introduced. ConoNEit's Inquest.— An inquest was held before W. B. Wilmot, Esq., M. D., Coroner for the district, at the Travellers' Rest public- house, Collingwood, on Wednesday last, 011 view of the body of nii infant named Francis Crozier. From the evidence ol the child's parents it appeared thnt they wore removing their goods from the Merri Creek to the Moonee Bonds on Tuesday, and had proceeded only a short distance with tho dray on which tho mother and her infant were seated, when, from the bad state of the roads, the wheels sank into some boggy ground, and jolted the woman nnd the child off the dray among the bullocks. The wheels of the dray passed over the infant's head, nnd it died 011 the spot. The mother also was severely injured. The jury returned n verdict of accidental death. Tan Convict Lf.aven. — During tho Into criminal session of the Supreme Court his Honor the Resident Judge lind over and over again to revert to the fact that thotitno of tliu court und of the jury was occupied with the ticket-tif-lenve nnd emancipist con victs imported here from New South Wales nn/1 Vnn T ntwl mill/ ftvn (it Mlfl cuses tried, and those of n very trifling na ture being chargeable upon the free immi grant population, the proper denizens ol the province. In the Middle District of the colony convict labour is in demand, it is not nt all improbable, therefore, tlmt Sir Gcorgo Gipps thinks ho is conferring a fa vour upon the province in granting tickcts- of-Ienvo for the district, and giving settlers from Hint side of the country permission to' bring their convict servants with them. In stead of a blessing such boons as theso are found to ben curse; nnd it is to he hoped a final stop will be put to nil such importa tions forthwith. For our own part, we would glndly see every assigned servant, and every ticket -of-leavo holder in the districc re- culled ut once, even il tlio effect were to be nil immediate rise in the price of labour. Buhgi.auy. — Gn Saturday night, somo thieves niunnged to effect an entrance into the stores of Messrs Munton, and abstracted from one of the desks u cash-box, containing silver to the amount of.£l5, with which they got clear off" unobserved. The Newspaper I'ttEss. — During tlio late commercial distress the newspaper press of the colonies litis not esenped unscathed. In Sydney tho Free Press and tho Sydney Jilonitar have gone the "ay of all flesh, nnd the Sydney Gazelle, the oldest newspaper in tho Australian colonics, for a lime gnvo up the ghost, hut has since sprung anew into existence, under fresh auspices. The Hunter River Gazette, at Mnitlnnd, has also expired after a brief existence ol only six months. In V1111 Dii-ineti's Lnntl, tho Tasuwnitui and tho Vim Diemen's Land Chronicle have dis appeared from this lower sphere, and the proprietors of the Colonial Times (Uobnrt Town), and the Cornwall Chronicle (I.niin- ceston) have been compelled to make their way through the Insolvent Court. I11 South Australia tho Adelaide Chronicle has gone to tlio " tomh of nil the Cnpulcts," nttd lite South Australian Register is advertised for sale under warrant of tho sheriff. It is difficult to know what is the stntc of affairs in New Zealand, for with the. exception of the New Zealand Gazette (Port Nicholson), which still holds 011 its way rejoicing, the newspapers thoro are of the mushroom order, appearing ntul disappearing with the most nintisiug celerity.- Tho Melbourne newspapers have ns yet stood the brunt of the storm, but not unscathed ; whether they will all weather it, the future only can de termine. Amidst the gloomy, however, all lias not been gloom. No new journals have made their appearance in Sydney, hut tho Sydney Herald lias incrensed its dimensions so as to equal the London newspapers, and now rejoices in the tho title of tho Sydney Morning Herald. In Van Diemen's Land, a new journal— the Launceslon Examiner — hns sprung into oxisteiice, which bids fair not only to rival, hut also to excel many of its contemporaries, and tho True Colonist, after being defunct for nearly eighteen months, is ngain resuscitated. Australia Felix has also to hunst of two additions to the number of its newspapers — the Mel bourne Times, a weekly newspaper, which lias nearly overcome the perils of infancy, nml the Portland Mercury, which in the course of another fortnight will launch its brond-slieet oil the troubled sen of life. Wo fear, however, that with regard to the news- p'nper world the crisis has not yet arrived, or at all events is not past, and we doubt not we shnll hnve to chronicle a variety of changes nmung our contemporaries nt homo and abroad. . The Water Police. — Captain Bunbury It. N., the Acting Superintendent of Watei Police, is, vve understand, confirmed in hi- appointment bv His Excellency the Gover nor. The Government Gazette notifying hi appointment litis not yet reached Mel, bourne. IIonAitT Town. — The failure of Macmichacl, Kelly, and other leading men in Uobnrt Town, lins lind the customary effect in slinking public confidence, even in the most solvent establish ments, trad rumours hnve got afloat regarding many houses, of the solvency of which we are linppy to say there is not the slightest doubt. Our contemporary tho Herald has, rather incon siderately, given publicity to these rumours, nnd among the, houses mentioned us having stopped payment, is that of Murzetti, Brothers, which, from tho name of the firm being tho same as tho name of a firm in this town, has oecnsinned some uneasiness in tho mercantile circles. Fortu nutely, ns it happens, tho llobart Town firm of Murzetti, Brothers is perfectly solvent, hut were it other, wise, it would be of no moment here, for the Melbourne house is n completely distinct esta blishment, and would not in any way be affected hy tho failure of tho llobart Town house. 