MECHANICS' INSTITUTION. LAUNCESTON possesses at length a Me- chanics' Institution. Its internal regula- tion is now finally settled, and its officers appointed by the parties who alone are en- titled to choose them. The meeting of Tuesday passed off undisturbed. The lit- tle spirits who distribute their petulant quibbling, and display their mortified va- nity in the columns of newspapers, were either absent or invisible. The members have pursued their object with unanimity, prudence, and zeal. They have not been alarmed by that race " who give liking to nothing but what is framed by themselves, and hammered on their own anvil." The institute now rests on a solid foundation ; but as the design was drawn by men iden- tified with the mechanics, so by the same hands and the same assistance, the super- structure will rise. The mechanics of Launceston are not tainted with the pride that spurns ; but they are incapable of the meanness which implores the smile of the ranks above them : they depend upon them- selves, and so long as they are confident in their own energy and perseverance, no- thing can shake their institute. The gen- tlemen whose learning and leisure place them in intellectual independence, but who have come forward with their countenance and promised their aid, are deserving ap- plause ; and such will never be wanting when their assistance is required. Now the institute is organised, the object of its projectors is fairly developed. Is there one atom of truth in the mean insinuations cast upon the committee ? We do not ask what party purposes have been gained, but by whom, and in what have they been at- tempted ? The officers are taken from every sect ; the lecture list embraces men of every colonial party. We express no opinion on the general tendency of religious distinctions ; but this we do affirm, that the union of such persons to promote the influence of science and morality is not only valuable for its social influence, but indispensible to the success of such an in- stitution. The Rev. Charles Price addressed a crowded auditory, who heard him with in- terest and approbation. He understood his office and his subject ; but, of course, he has incurred the censure of the Chro- nicle. He expected no less ; he could wish for no more : he would have blushed at the Chronicle's commendation, and shrunk from the odium of his praise. Mr. Price has been spared the humiliation ; nor will he refuse in return a generous com- miseration for one who feels the loss of his influence, and marks with alarm the signs of the times. The tide of public feeling has rolled away from the ground the Chronicle has so long occupied ; the mere surf lingers around it, and he is left solitary and powerless to mope on his continent of mud. If it is true that the institute is incapable of commanding public confidence, why does not its assailant call together his scientific companions, and oppose it with a rival ? Why not exchange incessant grumbling for some more substantial proof of public spirit ? Where are those remark- able gentleman who, like dragons, are to swallow the infant institute, or, like philo- sophers, reform it — those men of standing, surcharged with science and sentiment, prepared to dignify the mechanics with their help, and qualified to augment the list of old women who are honoured with degrees. But we imagine that the game is at an end — that the Chronicle has played all his men — that he has not one move left — that he is indisputably cheek-mated. But, says the Chronicle, we have hin- dered the hiring of a chapel — the pay- ment of officers — if we have accomplished nothing else. No, he has merely refuted his own inventions, and subdued the phan- toms he raised. Canning-street Chapel ! a building in the clouds ; at least we have enquired for it in vain. Like the knight of the windmill, his courage com- pensates for the aberrations of his vision — he has vanguished the ghosts which arose in his vapours. We can guess the cause. The spirit made the goblins rise, The water washed them down. Has the proffered fellowship been em- braced and the pledge signed ? THE members of the Mechanic's Institute met at their rooms last Tuesday evening — Mr. W. Henty in the chair. The rules and orders of the institute were read over by Mr. Connor and, on the motion of several members, a few alterations were made. The following resolutions were then passed unanimously :— Moved by Mr. Robert De Little, seconded by Mr. Waddell — " That W. H. Breton, Esq., be ap- pointed President of this Institution." Moved by Mr. Aikenhead, seconded by Mr. Stubbs — " That the following persons be appointed the Board of Managers for the first session :— Messrs. J. Drysdale, Tozer, W. H. Luckhurst, W. Capon, senr., W. Tyson, Tevelein, F. W. Townley, P. Kelley, J.W. Bell, W. Henty, Joseph De Little, Thomas Button, James Grant, M. Mil- ligan, Learmonth, Stuart, E. Harvey, Allcock, J. Fergusson, Wilson, and M. Bates." Moved by Mr. J. W. Bell, seconded by Mr. Milligan — " That Messrs. Giblin and Connor be solicited to act as joint Secretaries of the Institu- tion." Moved by Mr. Milligan, seconded by Mr. Tyson — " That Mr. Isaac Sherwin be requested to act as Treasurer to the society." Moved by Mr. Townley, seconded by Mr. Luck- hurst, junr. — " That the following gentlemen be appointed Trustees of the society :— Messrs. Isaac Sherwin, J. W. Bell, P. Oakden, W. Henty, J. S. Waddell." Moved by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Henty — " That the rules and regulations that have now been read be received as the Laws of the Laun- ceston Mechanics' Institution." Moved by Mr. Drysdale, seconded by Mr. Tait — " That thanks be presented to those gen- tlemen who have presented donations to the society." Mr. Sherwin having been called to preside, a vote of thanks to Mr. Henty for his conduct in the chair was proposed by Mr. Button, seconded by Robert De Little, and carried unanimously with every demonstration of regard towards Mr. Henty for his successful exertions in behalf of the institute. IT is stated in the latest English intelligence, which will be found in another column, that Major Wellman has been permitted to retire from active duty. He may, therefore, be expected here from India by an early opportunity. WE have heard with much pleasure that it is intended to have periodical agricultural shows at Perth : a more central place could scarcely be found for such a purpose. Several gentlemen have already signified their intention to contribute liberally towards the promotion of this desirable object, and Captain Ritchie has granted the use of sufficient ground in the vicinity of the bridge on which the stock-yards will be erected. WERE we not obliged to respect the feelings of the public, we should certainly " drown" " Tee- totaller's" letter, which appeared in the last Ad- vertiser, in a " butt of Malmsey." If the society will just put their imprimatur upon it, he shall just get what such a reckless or dishonest perver- ter of scripture deserves ; otherwise we must al- low him to escape, or break our own pledge — a very bad example — " Teetotaller" being judge. WE have been favored with a copy of the Third Report of the Directors of the Union Bank of Australia, presented at the general meeting of the proprietors, held in London on 24th June last, from which we extract the following :— The Directors feel it to be their duty, before concluding this report, to advert to the severe pecuniary difficulties which, during three or four months previous to the last advices, had been more or less felt in all the Australian colonies. A period of unexampled prosperity had evi- dently induced an extenslon of speculative tran- sactions and of commercial credit, which left the colonial community exposed to the injurious ope- ration of a reaction, evidently hastened and in- creased by the effects of a deficient harvest, whereby they became largely dependant upon imported supplies of food. The Directors confidently expect that this check will be of short duration, that it will lead to greater caution and circumspection amongst com- mercial men, and become the forerunner of a much higher degree of future prosperity in these important British settlements. The Directors have considered it right to sub- mit to this meeting, a proposition for extending the capital of the bank to the amount specified in the deed of scttlement, by the issue of new shares in January next ; the present capital, which will all be paid up within this year, being required for the operation of the branches, and the increase of the bank's business rendering it desirable that the Directors should have such a reserve within their reach. The Directors now proceed to submit a state- ment of the assets and liabilities of the bank for the year ending in the colonies 31st December last ; and at home up to the 20th of the present month. Also of the profits of the bank for the same period — Nett Assets to 20th June 1841 .................. 608,530 10 0 Paid up capital in London ........ 431,350 0 0 Do. in the colonies 111,437 10 0 542,787 10 0 Net profit for year ending June 20, 1841 ......... 65,743 0 0 £608,530 10 0 STATEMENT OF THE PROFITS OF THE BANK. Amount of undivided profits to June 20, 1840 ..................... 30,051 13 10 To which are now to be added the profits of the past year, ending at the branches Dec. 31, 1840, and London office June 20 1841 after deducting all current and a pro- portion of prelimi- nary expenses, and making allowance for bad and doubt- ful debts ........ 65,743 0 0 One- tenth for reserve fund ............ 6,574 5 4 59,168 14 8 89,220 8 6 Deduct divident paid at Midsummer 1840 18,000 0 0 Ditto Christmas 1840 25,000 0 0 43,000 0 0 Balance of undivided profit ...... 46,220 8 6 The result of the above statement enables the Directors to declare a dividend of 25s. per share, payable in London on the 8th July next, and in the colonies as soon as the inspector shall fix, after receipt of advices. STATEMENT OF RESERVE ACCOUNT. At June, 1840, as per statement .. 4,984 12 8 Add to June, 1841, as above ...... 6,574 5 4 £11,468 18 0 not included in the above balance of undivided profit, and held in addition thereto. BANK INTEREST. — A report which most peo- ple wish to be true easily gains credence ; and, therefore, when some of the Hobart Town papers confidently announced that the banks had reduced the rate of discount to 8 per cent., the majority on this side of the island believed the unqualified statements put forth. In our last we contradicted the report on the authority of the Review, and since then have beein favoured with a communica- tion from a commercial friend in Hobart Town, on whose statement we can rely. He says — " I have heard nothing from any of those connected with the banks of any change in the rate of dis- count. I do not think it has ever been thought of by any of the banks on this side. What I have seell in the papers, I look upon as a feeler." AN inquest was held on Thursday last, the 12th instant, at the Britannia Wine Vaults in Welling- ton-street, before P. A. Mulgrave, Esq., coroner, on view of the body of al old man named Thos. Carroll, eighty years of age, who died suddenly on the morning of the previous day. J. Davidson deposed that he had known the deceased about three years ; he had been incapa- ble of working at his trade of a shoemaker the whole of that time, and was supported by his acquaintances ; the deceased had lodged at his house for the last three weeks, but had eaten scarcely anything during that period ; he went to bed between nine and ten o'clock on Tuesday night, the 10th instant, and arose between seven and eight o'clock on Wednesday morning, and went out ; he saw him again in about a quarter of an hour afterwards sitting on a chair in an allot- ment in Wellington-street, occupied by Mr. Hoyle, shopkeeper ; he went up to him, and found him quite dead ; he had complained for the last week of a bowel complaint and a pain on his right side ; he said on Tuesday morning that he had been very ill, and that he was suffering very much from cold ; on Tuesday night he appeared as if he had been drinking, but was not intoxicated. George Maddock, M. D., Assistant Colonial Surgeon, was called to attend the deceased on Wednesday morning ; he was sitting on a chair in an allotment in Wellington-street, he had evi- dently just expired ; there was no mark of vio- lence on his person ; it was impossible to tell the cause of his death without a post mortem exami- nation, which Dr. Maddox had that day made ; the left lung of the pericardium was very much in- flamed from recent cold ; the liver was large and apparently that of a man who had lived hard ; the inflammation caused the death of the deceased, such inflammation being brought on by recent exposure to cold ; there was no symptom of any poisonous matter in the stomach. Mr. Charles M'Lachlan — I saw the deceased about a quarter before eight o'clock yesterday morning in an allotment partly in Elizabeth and Wellington-streets ; he was in a reclining posture between two logs of wood ; I pointed him out to Mr. G. Findlay, who lifted him up ; I went away, and in three or four minutes returned and saw the deceased sitting on a chair ten or twelve yards from where he had been lying ; Mr. Findlay and Edward Palmer were standing by the deceased, who was quite dead. Edward Palmer saw the deceased a little before eight o'clock on Wednesday morning ; Mr. Find- lay was by him, and said he was dying, and that he would go to Mr. Byron, the District Constable, for assistance ; he went up York-street; I got assistance, and placed the deceased on a chair ; he could not speak, and appeared quite insensible ; I ran to the colonial hospital, and returned with Dr. Maddox immediatey ; deceased was in the same position I had left him, but quite dead. The jury returned a verdict of " Died by the visitation of God." THE CRITIC AGAIN. — Last week we inserted the discovery of our neighbour, that the "Laun- cestonians are fond of scenes of blood and death, and are particularly partial to anything that savours of the terrific. " We are most happy to find by Monday's Courier, that a delightfitl revolution has occurred in the dramatic taste of the inhabitants ; " both wit and sentiment are always duly appre- ciated by a Launceston audience. There is not a jest that ever escapes their observation, and a good put always elicits applause." A most animated and indignant letter appears in the Hobart Town Advertiser of the 6th inst. in vindication of the Rev. Mr. Spurr of the Church of England, written by his wife. We could not but regret while perusing it that, from whatever cause, so much apparent want should attend the family of a clergyman, and more that it should be blazoned abroad by a heartless anonymous writer. We cannot pretend to say that the fair corres- pondent has discovered much meekness, but she has defended her husband. INSOLVENT COURT, Wednesday, May 11, 1842. John Fleming, meeting adjourned to 25th May for proof of debts and discharge ; S. Smillie, dis- charged ; Thomas Jordan, adjourned to 25th May for proof of debts and discharge ; James Rolls, ditto ; James Barclay, discharged. Meetings for Wednesday next, 18th inst. — Silas Pearse, adjourned special meeting and dis- charge ; W. H. Wilmot, adjourned meeting and on discharge ; James Roberts, ditto ; John S. Hill, special meeting ; P. L. Lette, ditto ; John M'Leod, ditto. THE EXPEDITION. — Various alarming rumours have been afloat during the last few days as to the safety of His Excellency, Lady Franklin, and party, if the Breeze should have been at sea during the late heavy gales ; but it is the general opinion of good judges that the weather rendered it impossible for her to get over the bar at Mac- quarie harbour, if so, the party must be in an alarming condition for want of provisions. We hear that Mr. Calder started two or three days ago on horseback, with such eatables as he could carry on so rough a journey ; but even if he does succeed in again crossing the Gordon after the late rains, what must be the condition of the suf- ferers in the meantime ? The expedition, Quixotic as it was, and all about it, would be child's play to this ; we trust the most efficient measures will be immediately taken (if not already done) to prevent a catastrophe which would be an indelible disgrace on those left behind in authority by His Excellency. We trust the affair will turn out better than is at present feared. We believe, the Eliza has been sent round to meet the party, but if the Breeze could not clear the bar outwards we fear the other will find some difficulty in en- tering. — Colonial Times. ROAD-MAKING. — We observe that the overseer of a small gang of men at present repairing the road near the Dallas Arms seems to know a little of macadamizing, but not sufficient to make the work effectual. In filling up the ruts he very properly picks loose the old metal around them, with a view to the old and the new binding to- gether by the pressure from above. This is so far well ; but in order properly to macadamize, it is necessary that the stones shall be all of one size ; it is the want of this that occasions so many ruts, and renders necessary so frequent repairs. Mr. Macadam had riddles of three different sizes, the least size for the top metalling, through which it was put by shovels in the manner in which lime is screened. The metal being of one size, it received the pressure equally, and became an even surface ; the rise of his roads and streets from the foot-path to the centre, was two inches in six feet. — Ibid. QUIT-RENTS. — On revising the resolutions and arguments used at the quit-rent meetings, and contrasting them with the conduct of the colonial government, we are of opinion that one view of the question is entirely lost sight of. It has been suggested to us that as the government con- siders USURY to be the fundamental cause of the present distress, it has determined to ruin the userers in their turn, by the demand of a heavy quit-rent upon the land, which will render it valueless, so that their 12½, 15, and 20 per cent. mortages will be good for nothing ! This is con- sidered to be a capital plan, as the colony will come to a general insolvency, and begin de nove under a new system. — Colonial Times. WATER. — We have not been able to ascertain the conclusion to which the Water Board, ap- pointed by Sir John, and left at work a few days before he commenced the Macquarie Harbour expedition, " over the hills and far awa," have arrived ; neither do we believe it is known that they come to any conclusion. It is likely that from the scientific ability and activity of Mr. Champ, the former complex and unnecessarily expensive plan of bringing water from North- west Bay, has been abandoned, but whether another attempt to discover the third mountain syphon and force it to our aid, or to husband the pure fluid of the present town rivulet is the plan to be now adopted is, as respects the public who are most interested, a secret. We would once more recommended to His Excellency, on his arrival, to put the question at rest by the appoint- ment of the Surveyor-General, Mr. Champ, and Captain Cotton on the part of the government, and three practical engineers from amongst the community, as a committee to fix and decide upon a measure of such paramount importance. — Ibid. 