BAUNABY RUDGE. CHAPTER LVI. The Maypole cronies, little dreaming of the change so soon to come upon their favourite haunt, struck through the Forest path upon their way to London; and avoiding the main road, which was dusty, kept to the bye paths and the fields. As - they drew nearer to their destination, they began to make inquiries of the people whom they passed, concerning the riots, and the truth and falsehood of the stories they had heard. The answers went far beyond any intelligence that had spread to quiet Chigwell. .One man told them that that afternoon the Guards con veying to Newgate.some rioters who had been re examined, had been set upon by the mob and compelled to retreat; another, that the houses of two witnesses near Clare Market were about to be pulled down when he came away; another that Sir George Saville's house in Leicester Fields was to be burned that night, and that it would go hard with Sir George if he fell into the people's hands, as it was lie who brought in the Catholic bill. All accounts agreed that the mob were out, in stronger numbers and more numerous parties than had yet appeared; that the streets were unsafe; that no man's house or life was worth an hour's purchase; that the public consternation was increasing every momentt; and that many families had already fled the city. One fellow, who wore the popular colour, damned them- for not having cockades in their hats, and bade them set a good watch tomorrow-night upon the prison doors, for the locks would have a straining; another asked If they were fire-proof, that they walked abroad without the distinguishing mark of all good and true men; and a third who rode on horseback, arid' was quite alone, ordered them to throw, each man a shilling, in his hat, towards the support of the rioters. Although they were afraid to refuse compliance with this demand, and were much alarmed by these reports, they agreed, having come so far, to go forward, and see the real state of things with their own eyes. So they pushed on quicker, as inen do who are excited by portentous news; and ruminating on what they had heard, spoke little to each other. It was now night, and as they came nearer to the city they had dismal confirmation of this intelligence in' three great fires, all close together, which burnt fiercely and were gloomily reflected in .the sky. Arriving in the immediate subprhs, they found almost every house had chalked upon its door in large characters " No Popery," that the shops were shut, and that alarm and anxiety were depicted in every face they passed. Noting these things with a degree of apprehension which neither of the three cared to impart, in its full extent, to his companions, they came to a turnpike gate, which was shut. They were passing through the turnstile on the path, when a horseman rode up from London at a hard gallop, and called to the toll-keeper in a voice of. great agitation, to open in the name of God. The adjuration was so earnest and vehement, that the man, with a lantern in his hand, came running out-toll-keeper though he was, and was about to throw the gate open, when happening to look about him, he exclaimed, " Good Heaven, what's that I Another Fire I" At this, the three turned their heads, and saw in the distance, straight in the direction whence they had come, a broad sheet of flame, casting a threaten. ing light upon the clouds, which glimmered as though the conflagration were behind them, and showed like a wrathful sunset. " My mind misgives me," said the horseman, "or I know from what far building those flames come Don't stand aghast, my good fellow. Open the gate I" "Sir," cried the man, laying his hand upon his horse's bridle as he let him through, " I know you now, sir; be advised by me; do not go on. I saw them pass, and know what kind of men they are. You will be murdered." "So be it 1" said the horseman, looking intently towards the fire, and not at him who spoke. ",But, Sir-sir," cried the man, grasping at his rein more tightly yet,"if you do go on, wear the blue riband. Here, sir," he added, taking one from his own hat, and speaking so earnestly that the tears stood in his eyes: " it's necessity, not choice, that makes me wear it: it's love of life and home, sir. Wear it for this one night, sir; only for this one night." " Do I" cried the three friends, pressing round his horse. " Mr. Haredale-worthy sir; good gentle man, pray be persuaded." "Who's that 1" cried Mr. Haredale, stooping down to look. '" Did I hear Daisy's voice 1" "You did air," cried the little man. " Do be persuaded, sir. This gentleman says very true. Your life may hang upon it." "Are you," said Mr. Haredale abruptly, " afraid to come with me?" "I, sir 1 N-n-no." " Put the riband in your hat. If we meet the rioters, swear that I took you prisoner for wearing it, I I will tell them so with moy own lips; for as I hope for mercy when I die, I will take no quarter from them, nor shall they have quarter from me, if we come hand to hand to'night. Up here, behind me, quick I Clasp nte tight round the body, and fear nothing." In an instant, they were riding away, at full I gallop, in a dense cloud of dust, and speeding on like hunters in a dream. It was 'vell she, good horse knew the road he 1 traversed, for never once, no, never once in all the journey, did Mr. 1Haredale cast his eyes upon thet grosiid, or turn them, for an instant, from the light towards which they sped so madly. Once he said in a low voice " It is my house," but that was ithe only time he spoke. When they came to dark and doubtful places, he never forgot to put his hand c upon the little man to hold him mare securely on his seat, but he kept his head erect and his eyes c fixed on the fire, then, and always. 'rho road was dangerous enough, for they went the nearest way, headlong, far from the highway, a by lonely lanes and paths, where waggon-wheels had wornodeep ruts; wvhere hedge and ditch hemmed in the narrow strip of ground; and tall tree., arching overhead, made it profoundly dark, But on, on, v on, with neither stop nor stumble, till they reached -the Maypole door, and could plainly see that the fire h began to fade, as if for want of fuel, k " Down-for one moment, for but one moment,"n said Mr. Haredale, helping Deasy to the ground, and I followiog hlmaelf, "Willet-Willet, where are my a niece snd servants, Willet " II Crying out to him distractedly, he rushed into the bar, The lsnulord bound and fastened to his chair; 0 nba place dismantled, stripped, and pulled about his ta ogre; nobody could have taken shelter here, He was a strong man, accustomed to restrain him- ti self, sod suppress his strong emotions; but this CI preparation for what was to follow, though he had a seen the fire burning, and knew that his house must ti be razed to the ground, was more than he--could c bear. 1-e covered hIs face with his hantds for s Co momeint, nil turned sway his head, k " Johnny, Johnny,". said Solomon, and the simple hearted fellow cried outright, and wrung his hands, " Oh dear, old Johnny, here's a change. That the Maypole bar should come to this, and we should come to this, and we should live to see it l The old k Warren too, Johnny, Mr. Haredale-ob, Johnny, what a piteous sight this is I" t Pointing to Mr. Haredale as he said these words, ° little Solomon Daisy put his elbows on the back of .e Mr. Willet's chair, and fairly blubbered on his g shoulder. % While Solomon was speaking, old John sat, mute y as a stock.fish, staring at him with an unearthly e glare, and displaying, by every possible symptom,. entire and most complete unconsciousness. But when Solomon was silent again, John followed, d with his great round eyes, the direction of his looks, ) and did appear to have some dawning distant notion 0 that somebody had come to see him. ir " You know us, don't you, Johnnyl" said the little m clerk, rapping himself on the breast. " Daisy, you h know, Chigwell church, bell.ringer, little desk on it Sundays, oh, Johnny 1" 11 Mr. Willet reflected for a few moments, and then sr muttered, as it were mechanically : " Let us sing at to the praise and glory of-" o " Yes, to be sure," cried the little man hastily; that'rit, that's me, Johnny. You're all right now, 7 an't you 1 Say you're all right, Johnny." ýd -All right ?" pondered Mr. Willet, as if that r, were a matter entirely between himself and his 5, conscience. "All right 1 Ah I" st " They haven't been misusing you with sticks, or a pokers, or any other blunt instruments, have they, it Johnny 1" asked Solomon, with a very anxious k glance at Mr. Willet's head. " They didn't beat i you, did they ?" o John knitted his brow; looked downwards, as if 0 he were mentally engaged in some arithmetical 0 calculation ; then upwards, as if the total would not b come at his call; then at Solomon Daisy, from his e eyebrow to his shoo-buckle; then very slowly round a the bar. And then a great, round, leaden-looking, 9 and not at all transparent tear, came rolling out of d each eye, and be said, as be shook his head : D " If they'd only had the goodness to murder me, I'd have thanked 'em kindly." e "No, no, no, don't say that, Johnny," whim e pered his little friend. " It's. very, very bad, but I not quite so bad as that. No, no I" "Look'ee here, sir I" cried John, turning his t rueful eyes on Mr. Haredale, who had dropped on e ore knee, and was hastily beginning to untie his bonds. " Look'ee here, sir I The very Maypole, y stares in at the winder, as if it said, 'John Willet, John Willet, let's go and pitch ourselves in the n nighest pool of water as is deep enough to hold us; LI for our day is over "' e "Don't, Johnny, don't," cried his friends no less h affected by this mournful effort of Mr. Willet's p imagination, than by the sepulchral tone in which e he had spoken for the Maypole. " Please don't, n Johnny I" "Your loss is great, and your misfortune a heavy t one," said Mr. Haredale, looking restlessly towards g the door: "and this is not a time to comfort you. a If it were, I am in no condition to do so. Before I t leave you, tell me one thing, and try to to tell me I truly and plainly, I Implore you. Have you seen or heard of Emma 1" S" No I" said Mr. Willet. "Nor any one, but these blood-hounds ?" "No!" "They rode away, I trust in Heaven, before these I dreadful scenes began," said -Mr. Haredale, who, between his agitation, his eagerness to mount his r horse again, and the dexterity with which the cords were tied, had scarcely yet undone one knot. A 5 knife, Daisy." " You didn't," said John, looking about as a though he had lost his pocket-handkerchief or some t such slight article-" either of you gentlemen, see a r -a coffin anywheres, did you 1" " Willet!" cried Mr. Haredale. Solomon drop. ped the knife, and instantly becoming limp from F head to foot, exclaimed " Good gracious I" "-Because," said John, not at all regarding them, "a dead man called a little time ago, on his way yonder. I could have told you what name was I on the plate, if he had brought his coffin with him, I and left it behind. If he didn't, it don't signify." His landlord, who listened to these words with breathless attention, started that moment to his feet; and, without a word, drew Solomon Daisy to the door, mounted his horse, took him up behind again, and flew rather than galloped towards the pile of ruins, which that day's sun had shown upon, a stately house. Dir. Willet stared after them, listened, looked down upon himself to make quite sure that he was still unbound, and, without any manifestation of impatience, disappointment, or surprise, gently relapsed into the condition from which he had so imperfectly recovered. Mr. Haredale tied his horse to the trunk of a tree, and, grasping his companion's arm, stole softly along abs footpath, and into what had been the garden of his house. He stopped for an instant tn look upon its smoking walls, and at the stars that shong through the roof sod floor upon the heap of crumbling ashes. Solomon 'glanced timidly in his face, but his lips were tighly pressed together, a resolute and stern enpression sat upon his brow, and not a tear, a look, or gesture indicating grief, encaped him. He drew his sword; felt for a moment~ in his breast, as though he carried other orms about him; then grasping Solomon by the wrist agatn, went with a cautious .step all round the house. He looked into every doorway and gap in she wall1 retraced his steps at every rustling of the sir among the leaves; and searched in every shadowed, nook with outstretched hand,. 'Thsus they mads the circuit of lbs building:s but they returned to the spot from which they had set out, without eocoun* lering any human being, or finding the least trace of any concealed straggler. After a short pause, Mr. Haredale shouted twice or thrice, Then cried aloud, " Is there any one in hiding here who knows my voice ? There is nothing to fear now, If any of my people are near, I entreat them to answer I" He called them all by same; his vroice was echoed in many mourofo tones, and than all was silent as before. They were standing near the foot of the turret, where she shorn bell hung. The fire had raged there, and the fliors had been sawn, and hewn, and beaten down, beaidea. It was open to the night ; but a part of the staircase still renmained, windingt upwsrds from a gesot mpund of dust and cinidera. Fragments of the jagged and broken steps offered an insecure sod giddy footing here and there, and then were lest again behiod protruding angles of the wall,, or in the deep shssdows cast upon it by other portiona of the ruin; for by this time the mDoon hsd risen, and shone brightly.t As they stood here, listening to the echoes as they died away, and hoping in vain to hear a voice they knew, some of the ashes in thsis'turret slipped sod rolled down. Startled by tise least noise in that moelancholy place, Solomon looked usp at his companioo'a face, and saw that Itoe had turned towards lihe spot, antI thst he watched and listeneda keenly, . a He covered the little mao's mouth with his hand, and looked again. Instantly, with kindling eyes, he bade him on` his life keep still, and neither speak nor move. Then holding his breath, and stooping down, he stole into the turret, with his drawn sword in his hand, and disappeared. Terrified to be left there by himself, under such desolate circumstances, and after all he had seen and heard that night, Solomon would have followed, but there had been something in Mr. Haredale's manner and his look, the recollection of which held him spell- bound. He stood rooted to the spot; and scarcely venturing to breathe, looked up with min* gled fear and wonder. Again the ashes slipped and rolled-very, very softly-again-and then again, as though they crumbled underneath the tread of a stealthy foot. And now a figure was dimly visible, climbing very softly, and often stopping to look down: now it pursued its difficult way; and now it was hidden from the view again. It emerged once more into the shadowy and on. certain light-higher now, but not much, for the way was steep and toilsome, and its progress very slow. What phantom of the brain did he pursue: and why did he look down so constantly? He knew he was alone 1 Surely his mind was not affected by that night's loss and agony. He was not about to throw himself headlong from the tottering wall. Solomon turned sick, and clasped his hands. His limbs trembled beneath him, and a cold sweat broke out upon his pallid face. If he complied with Mr. Haredale's last injunc tion now, it was because he had not the power to speak or move. He strained his gaze, and fixed it on a patch of moonlight, into which, if he continued to ascend, he must soon emerge. When hie ap. peared there, he would try to call to him. Again the ashes slipped and crumbled; some stones rolled down, and fell with a dull heavy sound upon the ground below. He kept his eyes upon the piece of moonlight. The figure was coming on, for its shadow was already thrown upon the wall. Now it appeared-and now looked round at him and now The horror- stricken clerk uttered a scream that pierced the air, and cried " The ghost again! The ghost I" Long before the echo of that cry had died away, another form rushed out into the light, flung itself upon the foremost one, knelt down upon its breast, and clutched its throat with both hands. " Villain l" cried Mr. Haredale, in a terrible voice-for it was be. " Dead and buried, as all men supposed through your infernal arts, but reserved by Heaven for this-at last- at last-i have you. You, whose bands are red with my brother's blood, and that of his faithful servant, shed to conceal your own atrocious gailt. You, Rudge, double murderer and monster, I arrest you in the name of God, who has delivered you into my hands. Nay. Though you had the strength of twenty men," lie added, as he writhed and struggled, "you could not escape me, or loosen my grasp tonight I" (To be continued.) 