THE ËABL OF SHREWSBURY ON THE ESTÁTICA OF CALDARO, &c.; (Iront the Weekly Chronicle.) . ÍROSI urne to time we are occasionally "-reminded that hunmn nature is human na "fturestill; for, from time to time, absurdities, Which we have supposed to be drowned " deeper than did ever plummet sound" iii the sea of the past, come bubbling up on the surface, and startle us by their ap- pearance. Such are the reflections excited by a sight of a new pamphlet issued by the Earl of Shrewsbury. It is entitled a "Letter from the Earl of Shrewsbury to Ambrose Lisle Phillipps, Esq., descriptive of the Estática of Caldaro, and the Addo lorata of Capriana." Our readers no doubt stare at this title ; and their asto- nishment will not be at all diminished by learning that, instead of this description relating to some new district for growing grain, or some new discovery in geology, it relates to two young women, one of whom is frequently on her knees, and the other perpetually in bed. Let us not be mistaken. The religious faith and the religious feelings of our fellow subjects are religiously respected by us. We are not so narrow nor so near in our views of " civil and religious liberty" as to conceive that toleration lies in the mere removal of civil disabilities. But when a man—and that man a peer of the realm, recently lauded for his enlightened spirit and freedom from all bigotry, at- tempts to convert an entire people by old notions and gratuitous absurdities abhor- rent to that people's common sense and even common decency, we are perfectly warranted in using terms not strictly con- sonant with the sobriety of language*. Well,' then, the Earl of Shrewsbury's 'Letter" (and it is a marvellous letter,) relates to two young women, one of whom is frequently on her knees, and the other always in bed. It is a pamphlet with a blue cover, and contains pictures of these two young women. First we read the title with a kind of incredulous wonder ; then we turned over the leaves with a dis- position to contempt, gradually growing into a struggle to resist bursting into im- moderate laughter. But this gave way to a feeling of humbling shame, that in the ? nineteenth century, in such a country as this, the Premier Earl of England should put forth such a production as this. But the Earl is a lineal descendant of the Talbot of William the Conqueror, and the family motto is Prest d'accomplir-ready to perform ; and he who went to the moun- tains of the Tyrol to kindle his faith by the sight of two young women, and who has written a letter to sustain the Corn laws, may follow up his adventures by patronising Bernard Cavnnogh, the fnsting man, as a pattern both of faith and practice to a starving nation. But before entering on the pamphlet of the Earl of Shrewsbury, let us give our readers some iden of the matter to which it relates. We are not going to inflict on them a dissertation on a subject familiar to the commonest understandings. Every school-boy knows that the mind affects the body, and that the brain may be brought into a morbid condition, without being in that state which we call lunacy ; and the subject of orhcles, spectral illusions, &c;" and all the machinery of Pagan and of Christian superstition is a familiar one to all who know even the mere outlines of history. The celebrated Nicolai, the bookseller of Berlin, in his account of his spectral illusions, tells us that his imagination attained to a great facility in picturing. When he set about ima- gining, for example, the incidents of a novel, the different imaginary characters would " present themselves to me in the .most lively and distinct manner; their figure, their features, their manner, their dress, their complexion, were all visible to my fancy." Now, without entering into a learned disquisition on oracles, ascetics, and quietists, carry out this instance into the history of all " pious frauds " what- ever, Apollonius of Tyana turned his spectral illusions to immense profit. " He had," says Dr. Vaughan, "conversed with the ghost of Achilles, had seen the chains of Prometheus on Mount Caucasus, and had often been beset during hil journeys in the East by pigmies and dragons, by phoenixes and satyrs, and by speaking trees.According to this man, whom kings so much delighted to honour, there was a certain subjection of the body, to be effected in part hy abstinence, and in part by certain mystical processes, which, once accomplished, the mind would be- come capable of conversing with the secrets of nature, and with the invisible world, in the manner pretended by tina most suc- cessful of charlatans." So also Porphyry, the famous antagonist of Christianity " It is from himself we learn, that in one of his sacred ecstasies, in the sixty-eighth year of his age, he was admitted to a sight of the Supreme Intelligence, the one source of gods and men, without the intervention of similitude or veil ! " One siugle instance more, before we come to the Earl of Shrewsbury. Amongst the various sects of oriental fanatics who infested Christianity, there arose, in the monasteries of Mount Athos, a sect of persons who believed that, through a pro- cess of intense contemplation, they had attained the condition of perfect and hea- venly repose. The method of their con- templation is conveyed in the following instructions :-" Being alone in thy cell, close the door, and seat thyself in the corner. Raise thy spirit above all vain and transient things ; repose thy head on thy breast, and turn thine eyes with thy whole power of meditation upon thy navel. Retain thy breath, and search in thine entrails for the place of thy heart wherein all the powers of the soul reside. At first thou wilt encounter a thick darkness ; but by persevering night aud day thou wilt find a marvellous and uninterrupted joy ; for as soon ns they spirit shall have discovered the place of thy heart, it will perceive itself luminous, and full of dis- cernment." Now for the shrewd Earl of Shrewsbury and his " Estática of Caldaro and Addo loratns of Capriana." We cannot, by any abridgment of the noble earl's marvellous and edifying stories, deprive our readers of their interest. We therefore give entire, excepting a few notes, his narrative of a visit to the Estática of Caldaro. Munich, May 27, 1841. My dear Friend,-You have doubtlessly heard of the Estática of Caldaro, aud of the Addolorntn of Capriana. We have lately seen both. Considering them the most extraordinary objects in the world, and confident that you will feel the same intense interest in their regard that we did, I will endeavour, as leisure and opportunity shall serie, to give youa moredistinct notion of them than any you have probably yet formed. OnThursday, the 20th of May, being As» sension day, we left Neumarkt, a post sta- tion about "half way between Trent and Bat- zen, in those light but incommodiou» car ; .£. .» '!,- y ..j .> ti." _ ' nagé* ,which, alone aïè,io bé^pïôclllfêd in. those parts of the country,' and after travel- ling for abouttwo hours alongan exceedingly rough rond, through a wide and smiling valley, we nssended to the large substantial village of Caldaro. Having brought letters from the bishop of Trent to the clergymen of the place, we were very shortly intro- duced into the house and into the chamber of the Estática, accompanied by her con- fessor and the assistant priest ol' the dean. It was about eleven o'clock. We found her in her usual state of ecstacy, as repre- sented iu the aunexed print, kneeling upon her bed, with her eyes uplifted, and her hands joined in the attitude of prayer, as motionless as a statue. She was dressed in white, with her head uncovered, but with very long, flowing, black hair, and there wns much of elegauce in her figure, and grace in her attitude. Our first feeling wns that of awe at finding ourselves in the presence of so favoured a creature. When this had partially subsided, we might have mistaken her for a waxen image, for it ap- peared impossible that any being possessed of a soul could seem so inanimate-could remain so motionless ; still a closer inspec- tion soon proved that that soul was at work. When in this state, she neither sees nor hears : all her senses ure absorbed in the object of her contemplations ; she is entrnuced-but it is neither the trance of death nor the suspension of life, hut a sort of supernatural existence-dead in- deed to this world, but most feelingly alive to the other ; one might fancy that the spirit were dwelling in heaven, while the body (without, however, losing its consciousness) remained expecting its return. After contemplating her in this condition for some minutes, she closed her eyelids, but without any other, even the slightest, movement, and certainly without the least perception of our presence. She might have remained in this state and posture for several hours, had not her confessor by a slight touch or a word, we could not exactly say which, so quiet and imperceptible it was, caused her to fall back upon her pillow, which she did with the most perfect ease, placing herself in a sitting posture with her legs j extended under the counterpane, with- out the slightest effort,, and without awaking from her ecstacy, remaining with her eyes shut and her hands joined as before, in the attitude ot prnyer, her lips motionless, and her soul transfixed in the same profound meditation. After again contemplating her for a few moments in this new position, her confessor proposed to us that he should awaken her entirely from her trance. We had no sooner assented, than he addressed her in a mild, gentle lone, as did the assistant priest from the other side of the bed, which was placed with its head against the centre of one side of the room, we standing close nt her feet,-when, in an instant, the most perfect animation was restored to her. She let fall her hands and opened her eyes, while her countenance beamed with a most heavenly, benignant smile, full of gratitude and joy, looking first to one side, then to the other, as if it were the unexpected meeting of friends whom she had not seen for years. She then took the hand of her confessor and kissed it with the most unaffected devotion, and turning with equal kiudnessto the assistant, paid him the same mark of affectionate respect. Her consciousness of our pre- sence was merely signified by an occa- sional glance of the eyes, which otherwise were kept modestly cast down upon her hands. Thés» she was continually cover- ing with the ruffles of her sleeves, which were wide and ample, for the express purpose of hiding the stigmata with which they were marked. Both the confessor and assistant said n few words to her at short intervals, which appeared to give her great pleasure, and to which she ever assented by an inclination of the head, with that same placid, benignant, and heavenly smile, which had stamped the moment of-her awakening with an inex- pressible charm. Amongst other things, the assistant said to her " Maria, this is an easy life," to which she replied "Yes," with her usual sweetness. This was said in Italian, which we understood, while the rest wns spoken in German, which we understood not. We all agreed it was th i sweetest scene we ever beheld. It was, however, soon and abrubtly terminated ; for one of our party happening incau- tiously to nsk the confessor, in her hearing, whether she were marked with the stig- mata, she instantly changed countenance, as if she had heard that which should make her sorrowful, and without any per- ceptible transition, became again trans- fixed in ecstacy, with her hands, as before, joined over her breast in the attitude of prayer. Her confessor then told us that she lind the stigmata'on her hands, feet, and side, and that they occasionally emitted blood ; a statement which was afterwards confirmed by the assistant, who remarked that he could only vouch for the wound in the side by the assertion of the women who had dressed her, but the others he had seen with his own eyes. After allowing her to remain for a few minutes in this second ecstacy, her con- fessor again brought her to herself hy speaking gently to her, and she once more awoke with the same angelic countenance. The assistant then asked her to present us each with a small holy print, of which he took n box full out pf a drawer, and handed them to her for the purpose. She selected them one by one, presenting them to us with great complacency and affabi- lity ; and it was upon this occasion that we distinctly observed the stigmata on her hand, though marked only by a red spot, perhaps a quarter of an inch in diameter. Only a few minutes more had elapsed, wheu she again became absorbed in ecstatic contemplation, and not wishing to trouble her or her attendants any longer, we reluctantly took our leave, inex- pressibly delighted, interested, and edified by our visit to this singularly fa- voured child of heaven. Her ecstacy aside, the circumstance which struck us as the most extraordinary, was the extreme facility with which her confessor trans- formed her from a state of perfect uncon- sciousness as to sensible objects, to one of ordinary life. Though wc all entered the room at once, accompanied by her con- fessor and and the assistant, and all conversed togefher, yet, though her eyes were wide open, she was most certainly wholly ignorant of our presence, and would probably have remained so for several hours. Her confessor had found bcr in that same state and posture at half-past six in the morning, though he then put her out of it, in which we found lier at eleven. It is indeed become so completely her ordinary condition, that every day she is frequently iu ecstacy, and even passes much of the night in ccstntic contempla- tion. She has been known to remain thirty-six hours together in the state and position in which we first saw her, and on Sunday, it generally happens thnt she is raised off her knees, resting only on the tips of her feet, as if enjoying a nearer prospect of heaven, and participating in the glorious mystery of that auspicious clay. Yet, .with-all-this, it requires n0 effort, no noise, hardly any ostensible agency to break the spell ; a gentle touch or whisper from her confessor, or any ecclesiastic with whom she is acquainted, is sufficient to dissolve the charm com- pletely, and at once. On the day following, being Friday, she was visited by one of our party, who found her in the state of ecstacy usual to her on that day-following our Saviour in all the stages of his passion-so feelingly alive to all his sufferings, that each fresh accession of sorrow could be distinctly read in her countenance-till, frequently con- vulsed with grief, the lower part of her face became almost black, and the accu- mulation' of misery was such that she threw herself back upon her pillow in a I paroxysm of woe, with her arms out- stretched, ns if she herself were nailed to the crofesi but without in any degree re- , viving Troni her ecstacy. Ile left her in that condition, and was informed that she usually remained so from one to two hours. The room was crowded with people, all being freely admitted, ,and all deeply moved by this miraculous mani- festation of tlie power of God. The Rev. Mr. Swarbrick, who passed the last' winter at Rome, visíted'her during the previous summer for several days con- secutively, remaining for hour» together in the room. Oh tlie first Sunday of every month the blessed sacrament is earned iii precession through the street, and passes under her window ; Mr. Swarbrick was in her room upon that occasion, and though she was in ecstacy during the whole of the procession, still she constantly marked the progress of the blessed sacrament through the town by turning towards it, as the needle turns to the pole ; when it came under her windows, the priest stopped nnd gave her the benediction, upon which he saw her instantaneously lifted off the bed, resting only on the very points of her feet ! When the blessed sacrament moved on, she resumed her former position. Prince Licknowsky, whom we met here the other day, told us that he also visited her in October, 1839. While kneeling in ecstacy on her bed, to his great surprise he observed her moving round towards the window. Neither he, nor any of those present, knew what it meant, till, looking out, they saw the viaticum passing on its way to the sick, without bell, or chaunting, or any sound that could indi- cate its presence. Maria Morl, for that is her name, is of an ancient and respectable family, pos- sessing the means ol' decent subsistence within their own sphere of life and re- markable for their innocence aud piety. Ohe of her brothers is n Capuchin friar at Bruniken, and a sister is an Ursulinc nun at Glngenfurth. Another of her sister?, about fourteen years of aqe, carne to her bedside while we were there, aud it was beautiful to observe the great kindness and affection which Maria evinced towards her. Indeed, an inmate benignity of dis- position seems to govern all her actions, while they are ever adorned by unaffected grnce and simplicity. She is kept ex- tremely clean ; and the whole room is a pattern of neatness, and, as it were, the emblem of innocence. It is furnished with many pious pictures, several of them the gifts ol' visitors, and a largo crucifix hangs at the head of her bed, which is without curtains. The windows arc dou- ble, and between one was a tame rabbit and a dove, and in the other some small singing-birds ; and on a table near her were a few apples, for she takes nothing but a little raw fruit and bread, never touching food that lins been cooked, nor drinking anything but water ; yet, though very pnle, she has no appearance of emaciation. Within.about six feet of her bed is au altar, at which mass is cele- brated at least twice a week. Having met Lord and Lady Dormer at Aix-ln-Chapelle, who had also been to gratify their pious curiosity at Caldaro, and learning that the Rev. Dr. Weedai!, who was travelling with their son-and whom you have equally with me the plea- sure of knowing and esteeming-had like- wise visited Maria Morl, I requested the favour of his observations in writing ; and since, as he himself remarks, every minute particular is precious in this extraordinary case, I cannot refrain from transcribing the result of his interview, so obligingly and so interestingly given in his own words. " Brussels, Feast of St. Barnabas, 1841. " My dear Lord-I have just now re- ceived from Lady Dormer an intimation of your lordship's wish to have some account of my visit to Maria Morl, the saintly virgin of Caldaro, under an im- pression, as it seems to me, that I am able to attest scm3 facts which did not fall under your own observation. Your lord- ship, however, hiving had the ndvantoge over me both in point of time and oppor- tunity, I can scarcely presume that I was prh ileged to see more than what you wit- nessed during your interesting visit. It may be satisfactory, notwithstanding, to exchange notes on the subject, as every minute particular is interesting in this extraordinary cuse, and lins a tendency to rouse the faith and warm tlie piety of the devout Catholic. " When I first visited Maria Moil I was accompanied by a Madame Chasser, who appears to have known her intimately from the first commencement of her super- natural favours, and to whom I lind carried a letter of introduction from Rome. The Padre Capistruno had not then ar- rived. Maria Morl was upon her knees on the bed, in her usual position. Her eyes were closed, and she seemed to be suffering intensely, as if from spasmodic affections of the throat. Yet there was something about her sfatue-like form that impressed me with awe and veneration. I involuntarily fell on my knees, as if to join my unworthy prayers with her seraphic ecslacies ; but Madame Chasser intimated to me (hat sucli an act was not recom- mended, and would distress that holy nnd humble soul. I rose, therefore, and gazed upon her in thoughtful admiration. After remaining in fixed astonishment for about a quarter of an hour, we thought it right to retire till her confessor arrived. We then entered a second time, with that saintly man. Maria was still motionless in prayer, but her face exhibited great suffering. lier confessor llien quietly approached her, spoke a few «ords to her, and instantly she subsided into a con- sciousness ol' what was passing about her, sunk softly like a shadow upon lier pillow, and smiled, and shaicdin dumb language, ¡n nil the conversation which took place upon religion and religious subjects. She seemed interested in what was passing, gave us some little pictures as memorials or admonitions to piety, and after the space of about half an hour she appeared suddenly summoned away by Him who has so long engrossed her heart and her entire senses, nnd she glided upwards ngnin by some inexplicable movement, in which limbs and muscle seemed to have no share, and she was on her knees again in her usual position, and all her soul ab- sorbed in God. I símil never forget the >- . -'-?' . ir"," " - '-si: <.? t - - " sceüe J God graut that the inripi «Sssion may be as salutary as lasting. l , " Of Domenica Lazzari, I vrill say no- thing. Your lordship nnd Lady Shrews- bury were, I understand, amply rewarded, as you deserved to be. For, from my ex- perience of the road, I eau estimate the intrep idity and zealous heroism of Lady Shrewsbury in undertaking it. And as you h.id the good fortune to pay your visit oil' a Friday, you will have much that is edifyii ig to communicate when yon shall have :the kindness to make it, and I may have the opportunity to hear it. .*I have understood that Alaria Morl is likely soon to go into a convent. I men- tion this because you have an intention of repeating your visit. When again you go to Caldaro, I would recommend you to maike the acquaintance of Madame Chas- ser. She fives in one of the best houses in Caldaro, commanding a view of the beautiful valley below. From her you may learn many interesting particulars. She told me that she had seen Maria Morl raised up in the air so far at least as only to touch the bed with the very extremities of thß feet. I was not privileged to seo that, but the very manner in which she kneels, seems an unearthly position.-I beg to subscribe myself your lordship's obe- dient,, humble servant, " HENRY WEEDALL." What we have found her in 18-11, Giirrec had found her in 1834. His ac- count of this singular person is so inter- esting, and his testimony so strong, that I c& nnot do justice to the subject, fill up nil tin" particulars ol' her history, without giving you some extracts from his narra- tive, puolished in his work on mysticism, but wYúch I have taken from a French translation in No. 60 of the Université Catholic ie. She wat' born, he informs, us on the IGth of October, 1812. Her mind gave promise of happy dis positions, although not in nny point very. re. 'nnrkable. Her imagination gave no indica tion of great vivacity, and she did nothing' to excite or increase it_ then, as at a later period, she read little ; but she was intelligent and clever, full of the gentlest benevolence, especially to the poor, and fervent in the exercise of prayer, to which shs often gave herself up in the church of the Franciscans, in the neigh- bourhood of her father's house. He then relates various attacks of ill- ness through which she passed during her early years, borne always with the most exemplary patience, and ever ending in in- creased piety and devotion, and in still more frequent approach to the sacraments, notwithstanding her old avocations, for her mother being dead, the affairs of the family fell principally upon her. When, in 1832, she had attained her twentieth year, she evinced the first symptons of ec- stacy, falling into that state each time she received the holy communion. But it suddenly took a more decided character, on the festival of Corpus Christi of that year in Caldaro, as is thus related by Gorrcs :-" As her confessor was aware that she always after communion, re- mained six or eight hours, sometimes longer, in a state ol' ecstacy, he thought it expedient that she should receive it carry, in order to be at rest the remainder of the day. Accordingly, he carried the blessed sacrament to her at three o'clock in the morning, after which she fell into a state of ecstacy. Her confessor left her ; and being much occupied that day and the next morning, he did not return to her till turee o'clock on the afternoon of the following day, when he found her kneeling in the £xact position in which he had left her thirty-six hours before. In great sur- prise he questioned the people of the home and lenrnt i'rom them that her ecstacy limit continued uninterrupted durir.g the whole of this time. He perceived from this how deeply the ecstatic state had penetrated her whole being, since it was already a state of second nature to her; and that must in future be her habitual condition,, unless he slisuld bring it within limits by recalling her to'herself; he therefore un- dertook to regulate this state by virtue of that holy obediewse- which she had vowed, upon entering tito third order of St. Francis." ~ When this singular prodigy came to be known, the interest which it excited amongst a pious and religious people was prodigious. "All at once," continues Gorros, " and in all directions at once, a general impulse seized the people. They came in crowds to see with their own eyes a phenomenon, which, although well known from ancient legends, had long cease to be hoped for expected in these days. Whole parishes, forming into pro- cessions, continued without intermission to arrive at Caldaro, preceded by the banner of the Cross, and the concourse was im- mense. From the end of July until the i loth of September in the same year, more ¡ than 40,000 persons of all ranks came to ¡ behold the ecstatic." The government, < however, took the alarm at such assem- | binges of people, and put a stop to them, i Upon which the Bishop of Trent went in i person to Caldaro, and instituted an in- ¡ quiry upon oath into all the circumstances ¡ of the case, to prevent the possibility of i deception or illusion. Shortly afterwards ? the stigmata made their appearance, as is < thus related by Görres :- I " So early as the autumn of the year ' 1833, her confessor observed accidentally I that the part of the hands where the ' wounds afterwards appeured began to sink j in, as if under the pressure of some ex- ¡ ternal body, and also that they became ' painful and frequently attacked by cramps. I Ile conjectured from these appearances < that the stigmata would eventually appear, ' and the result fulfilled his expectations. ' Oa the purification, on the 2nd of ] February, 1S34, he found her holding a ' cloth, with which from time to time she wiped her hands, frightened like a child at what she saw there. Perceiving blood upon the cloth, he asked her what it ' meant? She replied, that she did not ' know herself; that she must hnvc hurt herself so as to draw blood. But, in fact, these were the stigmata* which thencefor- ? ward continued upon her hands, and shortly afterwards made their nppenr jincc upon her feet, and to these, nt the , same time was added the wound upon the heart. The manner in which her con- fessor, Father Capisf ran, deals with her is so ? simple, so farfromaimingatthemarvcllous, thal he did not even inquire what had passed within her to give occasion to these wonderful appearances. They nre neaily round, but a little extending lengthwise, from three to four lines in dinmcter, nnd are stationary on both the hands and the feet. Drops of clear blood flow from these i wounds on Thursday evenings and Fri- days ; on other days they seem covered with a sort of crust of dry blood, without the least appearance of inflammation, ulcération, or any vestige of lymph. "She concealed this circumstance, ns she concealed in general whatever could reveal the state of her interior. But in 1833, during the passage of a solemn pro- cession, ecstacy of jubilation appeared in her ; she was seized by it in the presence of several witnesses, who beheld her, like » glorious Angel, scarcely touching the bed with thepointsof herfect, splendid asa rose, her arms extended in the form of a cross, plunged in the joys of love. All present could then sec the stigmata upon her hands, and the miracle could no longer be kept secret. Her only nourishment consists in a few grapes or other fruit, or a little bread, taken when pressed by want, or at the command of her confessor. The first time that I went to see her, I found her in the position in which she passes the greater part of the day, kneeling at the foot of her bed, and in ecstacy; her hands were folded on her breast, and thus dis- played the stigmata ; her face was turned towards the church, and looking a little upwards, her eyes raised towards heaven, expressed such profound cntrancement as nothing could disturb. There was no movement perceptible in her frame, except that of breathing, or of deglutition. Oc- casionally there was a slight oscillation, It was a spectacle which could only be compared to that of angels in prayer he fore the throne of God. It cannot be astonishing that it should produce the strongest impression upon all who witness it; indeed, the hardest hearts cannot resist it, and piety, astonish- ment, and joy, have caused rivers of tears to flow around her. It is asserted by the directors of her conscience, and by her curate, that ia her ecstacies during the last four years she has been employed in contemplating the life and passion of Christ, and in honouring the holy sacra- ment. The most frequent object of her contemplations is the passion of the Re- deemer; this produces the piofoundest impression, upon her, and is most vividly expressed upon her exterior. Particularly during the holy week, her whole being seems pen etrated, and the images in her soul act fo'Tcibly upon her wholo frame. It is, howe iver, not only during this week that she is lost in the contemplation of this mystery ; it occupies her every Friday, and thus o.Sers a frequent opportunity for observing lits effects. The action begins as emly ns the morning of Friday ; at first its progress is gentle and regular, but as it becomes more painful aud overpowering, the image by which it is represented assumes a deeper and more clearly defined character in all its features ; and when at length the hourof death arrives, and anguish has pene" trated the depths of the soul, the image of death appears in all the lineaments of this woman. She is upon her knees on the bed, her hands crossed on her breast ; around her is perfect silence, scarcely broken by the bieathing of those present ; you would then suppose, that for her the sun of life was setting. She is vary pale during the whole action, but towards its clo«c this paleness increases ; the sighs which seem to struggle from her chest, show that the oppression is becoming stronger ; large drops gather in her fixed eyes, and steal slowly down her cheeks, the mouth opens more by slight movements. Her sighs now change into a moan- ing that wrings the heart ; a flush of deep red suffuses her cheeks,-the swollen tongue seems glued to her parched palate-convulsions become more violent and more intense-the hands, which at first sinking by degrees, now drop more rapidly-the nails turn blue-the fingers entwine convulsively-the rattle of death is heard in her throat ; still, at long in- tends, a few sighs seem to burst from the organs that death has stiffened. The last is about to escape ! then the face declines, the head, bearing all the signs of death, droops in complete exhaustion; her ap- pearance is no longer to be recognised ; and this state continues for about two minutes. The head is then drawn up, the hands rise towards the breast, the face re- sumes its outline and its tranquillity. She is kneeling, her eyes raised to heaven, oc- cupied in offering to God the homage of her gratitude. This scene takes place every Friday j and though essentially the same, there is ever some slight variation, which seems to express the state of her interior life. For there is nothing studied in this action ; it arises naturally from the depths of this woman's nature, as water flows from its source in the rock. It is impossible to perceive anything false, | forced, or exaggerated in the whole of this representation : were she to die in reality, she could not die otherwise. " However, entirely she may be ab- sorbed in her contemplations, a single word from her confessor, or from any 'other persons spiritually connected with her, is sufficient recall her to herself, with- out its being possible to observe the transition. It takes but the necessary time to recollect herself and open her 'eyes, and she is as if her ecstacy had never existed ; the expression of her face changes; you might fancy her a sweet diild who had retained her candour and simplicity. Accordingly the first thing she- does," when she recovers and sees her- self .surrounded by witnesses, is to conceal the stigmataonhe'rhands underthe coverlet, «s a child who has spotted its sleeves with ink would try to hide thom on the approach of its mother ; her hazel eyes ex- presses the joy and the guilelessncss of childhood, and her look is so open that you seem able to penetrate the very depths of her sou.1, aud to convince yourself that there exists no fraud in its most remote recesses ; there is no trace in her o. exag- geration, hypocrisy, weak scntimcntalism, affectation, or pride. It is the simple expression of youth, whose serene candour has been preserved by simplicity and inno- cence. * * * She can continue lon- ger in a natural state, when once restored to it, if she is in the society of her 1'riends ; but it is obviously by an effort of will, for the ccstafic state has now become so com- pletely naturol to her, that to be out of it seems difficult and unaccustomed to her. In the midst of conversation, when she would seem to take the liveliest interest in what was going on around her, at once her eyes grow hca\y, and in a second, without further hesitation, she is in an ecstasy. 