ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Present to Her Majesty.— A most ex - tra(.rdir.nry horse (perhaps the smallest in the world) arrived at the royal Mews, in Sheet-street, yesterday afternoon (Aug. 3.) by the Great Western Railway, from town, is a present 10 ner iviajesty irom Java, in which island it was foaled, of the d'niinu jve size of only 27 inches in heigh' — in deed, not near as tall as many of the New foundland and other, dogs .. belonging to Her M»j'sty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, This extraordinary little mimal, which is rising five years old, is of a dark-browu colour, well formed, and ex tremely quiet and playful. It appears to b'e somewhat out of condition, but, with the necessary care which will be bestowed upon it in the Royal Stables, it will, in the course of a very short time, recover fiom the effects of its voyage. Shortly after its arrival at Windsor it was tiken to. the Quadrangle, where it was seen by her Ma jesty and Prince Albert, their Serene High nesses the Hereditary Prince and Princess »f Sake Coburg G.othn, and the viritprs at the castle, and put through its different paces; This morning it was taken upon the New Terrace, for the putp»se of its also being seen by His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, the Princesses Augus ta and Mary of Cambridge, and several of the court. — Times. Aaj.usi.no Anecdote, — We have twice al» luded to the recent meeting of the Roman Catholic clergy at Woolton, and baye stated that the Rev. Dr. Shepherd had had the honour of dining with them. Among the clergymen present was the Rev- D.r Fold ing, Archbishop of Sydney, New South Wales, who wore on. his finger a rich gnhl ring in which was set a topaz. Dr Shepherd, 'observing the brilliant remarked that Syd ney, alias Rotgny Bay, had had the reputa tion of being inhabited by a population not remarkable for their morality, nor for their regard of meuun et tuum ; but he was glad to think that a great change had, of late years, taken place in this respect, and that p< rsons and properly were both much safer there tha,n they had been formerly ; a change, he hadno doubt, which the pastoral vigilance of his grace and his clergy bad no slight in promoting. The Archbishop said that he and his clergy had exerted themselves to the utmost to raise the stand :ard of morals in New South Wales, and he was pleased to think that the rev. doctor had received information of the marked : change which had been wrought in the co lony. Dr. Shepherd rejoined that he had not, as the Archbishop had su.ppoeed, any information to that effect 5 he had lh,e proof .from his Grace's own hand, the brilliant ring on whose finger satisfied him that had there not been a remarkable change in the habits of the people of jBotany Bay, he could scarcely have succeeded in bringing away with. him so valuable an article. Dr. Folding and his rev,, brethren were, we need scarcely say, convulsed with laughter at the rev. doctor's wit and honour. — Liverpool Albion, The Git ave op S.ir Walter Scott — As several paragraphs on this subject have re cently gone the round of the newspapers, it may be right to state, that the iron rail ing which surrpnnds the tomb at Drybnrgb, was put up by Sir Walter Scott's family after interment, and, .by Sir Frances Chantrey's advice, a huge mass of granite was intended to be put oyer the grave, for which he was to furnish a design ; but a variety . of pressing engagements, delicate health, and, finally, his suddden death, com bined to deprive the sanctuary at Dryburgb of what might have been expected from the penius of the mo-t eminent of our sculptors. It has, not yet been decided whose asistance shall be asked to carry out the plan, and it must-be obvious that the absence of the present Sir Walter Scott in India has of itself occassioned delay.-r- Edin'burgh Conrant. The Admiralty has during the past week granted by warrant permission to the yachts of the Thames club to carry the blue ensign of her Majesty's fleet. They will display their new colours on the occassion of their last match, which takes place on Monday next. — Sun. The Old Lady, anP the Cpbrler.— Some years ago the husband of an old lady residing in a country village happened to die: rather suddenly without making a will, for the want of which very necessary pre caution his estate would have passed away from his widow, had she not restored to the following remarkable expedient to avert the loss of the property : r- She concealed the death of her husband, and prevailed upon an old cobbler .lier neighbour, who was in person somewhat like the deceased, to go to bed at her house and personate him, in which character it.was.agreed that he should dictate a will;, leaving the widow the estate in question. An attorney was accordingly sent for to prepare the required document, and the widow on his arrival appeared to be realising the greatest afflic tion at her good man's dnmrer, butforwith. proceeded to ask questions' pf her pretended husband calculated to elicit the answers she expected and desired. I he old cobbler groaning aloud, and looking as much like a person going to give up the ghost as possible, feebly answered, 41 1 intend to leave you half my estate ; and I do think the poor old shoemaker, who lives over the wav, is deserving of the other half, for he has always been a good neighbour. The widow was thunderstruck at receiving a reply so different to that which she ex pected. but dared not negative the cobbler's will, for fear of losing the whole of the property, while the cunning old rogue in bed, who was himself the poor old shoe maker living over the way, laughed in bis sleeve, and divided with her the fruits of a project which ihe widow had intended for, her own sole benefit — Scotch Gazette. English Patronage.— Messrs. Pollen and -Son announced in the daily papers of Monday last, that on Wednesday they would sell by aucrion," at the auction mart, the valuable advowson and next presentation to the important vicarage of Wandsworth; ' with a " capital residence, coach-house, stabling, lawn, gardens, and pleasure- grounds. the " value of the living being about 6900 per annum," and the present incumbent "upwards of eighty years of age !-' A " considerable acquisition to the living also existed in the vicar's privilege of appointing " a minister to the Chapel of Ease, the pew rents < of which amount to nearlv £300 per annum.' If this "great bargain" was not acceptable to traffickers, the daily papers of the same day presented an alternative. Messrs. Winstanley in timated a " sale by auction" of the " next presentation to the valuable consolidated rectories of Heydon and Ghishall/' which among other recommendations, had the merit of possessing, in both parishes, only 240\. souls, and " the duty single at each church.'' Such were the puffs preliminary nf the rival auctioneers !-r-AyIes.bury News. The Lord Mayor of Dublin was to. be created a baronet. — Ibid. " For South Australia," says the Morning Post, "a Bishop will alsobe soon appointed. It con ains an area of 3.00.000 square miles. The progress of the colony since its foun dation in December, 1836, has..been sin- gulary rapid, the population having, in the cou.rse of that time, increased from a very few labourers to the number of 16,000. Some ohurch-s have been built in and near Adelaide ; and others are. in progress; but the want of Episcopal, control has already been sensibly felt, and questions have arisen which could only be satisfactoraily determined by a Bishop ! ! A proprietor of land in So.uttv Australia has already offered to. build, at his own cost, a church at Ade laide, to endow the bishopric -with £27Q? per annum and to furnish plans, &c.;, for a Bishop's residence Other individuals have also contributed gifts of land to the amount of £100, per. annum. From the Colonial Bishopric's F.und a grant of i£5,000, lias been obtained, which will yield a further endowment of about £4.00, per annum, The endowment is estimated at l,opo, per annum," — Ibid. Instrument for Branihng Deserters. — A circular has been issued from the Horse. Guards recommending that . the marking of deserters shall, hereafter be conducted on an uniform sys.'em through- oui.the army,. and directing attention to an instrument recently in vented. This instru ment, which is of brass, is cliaped at the end into the form of the letter D-, from the outline of which is protruded, by means of a spring, a series of needle points, which are regulated by a screw at the end, and by turning which, their, length oiay be, increased or diminished By pulling back ; this nut, after the points are regulated, they recede into the box, when the instru ment may be considered charged.. A slight pressure on a small brass lever delivers the needle points, inflicting a puncture on the; skin the exact shape of the instrument.; These punctures, on being rubbed with a marking fluid composed of a quarter of a pound of pulverized indigo, two sticks of Indian ink, and .enough of water to render it liquid, leave an indelible D upon the arm or hand of the deserter,. This punish ment. is only to he administered on parade in the presence of the men; in the cavalry by the trump£tmajor, and in the infantry by the bugle- major, who are to be instruct ed by the medical officer how to apply the instrument. It is, moreover, only to be inflicted in presence of the surgeon. If marking deserters is considered indispen sable, there is no possible means by which it can be accomplished with less pain and more certainty. — United Service Gazette. 