THE THEATRICAL LESSEE. * Tho theatrical lessee is a practicnl lo gician. Being destitute of money, he enters -into contracts, binding himself to pny some 'fifty thousand pounds per an num.: neing equally ucstituto ot morals, he undertakes to!providc .rational enter tainment for a ' discerning publioJ' Po ouliarly innocent of all idea of the uses and objects of tho Btngo ho -rc-solves -upon' taking the drama .under his special pro tection. In short, having nothing to lose, he determines to risk nil lie is worth ;' being Dot/berry, he ^becomes constable of the watch, as the 'most desnrtless man.' Ho regards Shakespeare as an author properly honoured in having his statue erected out aide the theatre: he con fessess that if 'Hamlet' were now to be offered him, an .entirely now play, he would not produce it — unless, pcrliups, the author undertook to appear as the Ghost. As an indifferently bad actor, jven Shakespeare would Imvo a claim upon him. sHe evinces his understand ing of the scope and principle of the dra ma, when ho observes, 'We don't want literature, wo want 'pieces'* — Ho objects to all productions thnl have much 'talk' in them; they only lend to encourage the high-priced actors. First-rato perform ers he looks upon as necessary evils, and he engagages them — one at a timo at short intervals: third-rates aro his fa vourites, becauso they show by their act »ng that the ' regular drama' sends peo plo to sleep,— they prove that Shakes*, pcaro 'don't draw !' That is tho only point which he conscientiously struggles to establish— that the public dcspiscB ex cellence; and upon the proof of his pro position his chance of being tolerated de pends. , He may, however, bo brought to forgive an aotor for being a genius, al ways providing that he is not likewise a gentleman : tho aotor who introduces gentlemanly habits into the theatre is sup posed to offer a personal insult to the lessee, J f compelled. by perverse fortune, to come to terms with the first tragedian of the day, and to engage him for the entire season, the lessee resorts to every ima ginable expedient of personal and pro fessional annoyance, of low insult and irritation, to drivo li.:m from the theatre in disgust, just at tho moment when the example of his high name nnd the exer cise of his fine genius aro supposed to be no longer essentially requisite. He begins by ' biting his thumb' to pro voke, nnd ends by biting the finaer of the irritated, tlf we take the portrait of tho lessee in another attitude, we nnd mm instructing- counsel to prove him ' a rogue and a vagabond according to Act of Parliament' — proclaiming him self a violator of tho Inw, -in hnving acted forbidden trngedies and comedies, and showing that the man who had lent him tho purchase- money. oan have no partnership in tho profits of illegality. The lessee closes tho house for his own advantage and accommodation, and stops one-third of tho company's salary ; ho replies to the general remonstrance, how over, with the assurance that all who domand it shall bo paid ; and those who ask him find him better than his word, for he not only discharges their claims, but them also. The lessee has ono fa vorito plan — to reduce salaries when business falls off; ho has another favorite plan — to forget to raise them again when business revives. His statesmanship consists in making his actors take chare in his losses, and not in his gains. His idea of attraction is opposed to every law of physics; fur, when his audiences are scanty, he thinks bis company too nu merous; the public will uot come, and he proceeds to dischargo some of his actors: his trensury is low, and ho takes decisive steps to diminish tho receipts. A blank box-book suggests to him the propriety, not of adding to, but of les sening the attraction ; when a forty-horse power is not enough, says tho. lessee, a thirty must be triod. The lessee's sayings and doings all tend consistently to one point— all tend to lowor public taste, to taint public morale, to lessen public amusement ; to subvert the stnge, to de grade the actor, to destroy tlio .very pro fession ; to dishonor the dramn, to repress imagination, and dry up the springs of human sympathy ; to tnnko the existing generation scoff where their fathers ad mired and reverenced, and to render a noblo and humanizing art a niero con venience for ignorant pretension, and sordid speculation. 