Cfje Eiterarg MecorU. MAURICE CHESTERFIELD. A TALB OF THE QUARTER DECK. Where tbe water spirits rove O'er tbe deep deep sea. INTRODUCTION. IT wag Christmas time, and a merry party of twenty were seated in old Mr Tompkins big hall making merry with an immense bowl of punch. They were also enlivening the time with Bongs and tales, and 1 »ud Were the cheers which invariably succeeded the former, und great was the laughter or horror, as it might | happen, which the. latter produced. At last, the turn casne to Lieutenant Carlton, and they all called loudly f>r a sea song. " Now for it, Carlton, give.us an put and not jolly tar's song. 1 ' f'-ong ! noy .jdear fellow," said the '^ilmif^^n?-never, sang: ie jpy life, and H»'>re, never mean to." But you must. Hete yon've been a listening to mr songs, and won't sing in return. 'Pon my honor it's too bad," expatiated a golly looking fifth cousin of the T>»mkins's, wh<., himself, had just sung, and strongly reminded the company of the c-croaking of a frog. They had scarcely recovered, and the gentleman's innocent allusion to* our songs had produced a shudder : which ran through them all, and was, however, attributed by the old soul himselt to the coldness of the season. There was, in the minds of many, an inward opinion, that, if in. reality Lieutenant Carlton could not sing better than the old gentlemen just treated of, he was quite justified in declining altogether Hawever, atie? much persuasion, Carlton con • 'sented to sing, and after assuring the company lhat his'vaiea was considered a wooden one, which, he added* was not out of place to a sailor, lie began— TBE SAILOR'S CBORU& Well hie away to (he sandy ht-acb, ,Towlere the seaweed* grow, tadttiere we'll embark in oar gallant ship, AndoverUjewaiers go. And then we'll go dashing, splashing, crashing .'* Then we'll £o roaming, foaming, roaming; Then well go dashi ng. flashing,splashing, Orerthewatertbltte, .0-*er,«-*er, over tbe waters blue. j Oh! talk not of joys that fre leave behind, Upon tbe slavish shore, For we'll sail away in our ga.Ua.nt baric, And be free for evermore. And then we'll go dashing, &c.; Tremendous was the roar with which the chorus to the second verse was sung, all the company joining in 3t. When it had been sufficiently applauded, the song passed on to the next, and so went the round of the company, hut none of the songs gave so mueh pleasure as Lieutenant Carlton's " Sailor's Chorus." "Now, I say, Carlton, tell us a story—a story of the sea. Something tremendous and stormy," suggested one. " Come tell me tales of midnight gales," whispered a sentimental young lady, quoting a popular squall. " Spin us a yarn," sai l the jolly old soul mentioned before. This was the only nautical expression he knew, and he thought if he made use «f it often enough he should be thought a sailor. *' Spin us a yarn/' be repealed ; and as often as anyone asked for a story, he would indignantly demand the spinning of a yarn, aa if it was a kind of conspiracy against him to demand a story of <t sailor in any other terms. The young lieutenant saw it was impossible to combat the tide of public opinion, which had now fairly set that way, and so, as he had done oa a former occasion, he gave way to it. " Gentlemen," said he, " if you will let me get to my desk, I have there in manuscript a very beautiful tale of the sea, which was given to me by a very dear friend and messmate, and I will read it to you ; but while I am gone, I must insist on having my punch-bowl replenished; for while I was singing, a young gentleman near me emptied it. I mean nothing personal," be added good-humouredly, looking at a small boy who seemed very fond of punch, from the manner in which he did justice to it. A l"ud laugh followed the lieutenant's complaint, which had scarcely ceased, when he returned with a manuscript in his hatd, and after having taken enough punch at a draught as would have floated the small b.»y that had appropriated his former supply, hecomraenced reading, in a very clear tone considering, the following tale:— MAUHICE CHESTERFIELD—A TALE OF THE QUARTER DECK- CHAPTER I. It was evening, and H.M frigate Ariel was sailing along most beant-fully—she vras-iudeed " Walking the waters like a thing of life,*'— and, as if ihe swiftness and beau ilul gracefulness of her motion was of itself a source of pleasure to her. Tbe bird which swiftly cuts through the air downwards, and then rapidly ascends to the heavens again, must and does enjoy its rapid flight; and with the aid of the imagination you may picture the gallant vessel an immense being which delights in tbe speed with which she pursues her galknt course. It was a most beautiful evening, and such an one as is never seen on shore. It was calculated to awaken all joyous, calm, and grateful thoughts, in any mind not altogether brutal; and after a sultry melting day. it was the more weleome. The stars shining on the water, and tbe gentle rippling of the wave* as tbe noble vessel forced her way through them, and ihe'silence, which was almut unbroken, seemed to delight the heart of ths young officer who was on the quarter-d-ck leaning over the tafirail. As he was (he only officer on deck at the time, we will particularly introduce him to the reader. He was a yery young man, tall aud well formed. From his uniform, it was immediately seen he was a midshipman ; but hi- face was one of ihe^nost handsome and noble that ever was seen. Bnt if the* e was a fault io it, it was the air of haughtiness and pride that was plainly discernible in his fiae countenance. He indeed louked as if lie was a prince, or held some office of high authority at all events, instead of being merely a mid.-hipman. But, however, he had made up his mind to rise in the service, and before lmig to be in command of a vessel. His conduct since he entered the servi. e had been, without exception, the most exemplary, and he had never once incurred the displeasure of his superiors. He was senior midshipman of tbe Ariel, bnt was regarded by the lieutenants as their equal; for his conduct had leen so uniformly good, that they never entertained an idea of the possibility of Mr Chesterfield doing /wrong. His pride was the cause <>f all this, for it would not allow him to humble himself by laying himself open to censure or punishment; and he would sooner bave anything happen to him than be made an example of. Well, Maurice Chesterfield was leaning over the tafirail this beautiful evening, and singing in a soft and almost feminine voice the following fong of his own composing:— Afar in tbe ocean I love to be- Afar from land o'er tbe foamingsea ; In every wave I my birtb-p!a e trace, Ob 1 tbebouuU'es- ocean's my rating place. Afar in the oct-an I love to be, Afar from laud o'er the foaming sea: Oh ! 1*11 never leave the billows's foim, It has been. nndVrcr wlti-b^ my-bT JBe^'A - Foil of joy. an<l delights tbe land may Lie, But tbe ocean's bro id expanse for me. Afar in the ocean, Ac. &c.; He was interrupted by a tap on bis shoulder, and turning lound he recognised the first lieutenant, his dearest friei.d, who was almost a brother to him. Lieutenant Cayman was handsome, but not nearly so as Chesterfield ; while the pride, that rather defaced the coun tenance of the latter, was doubled or trebled in the lieutenant's. But notwithstanding this, the character of Cayman was noble and generous in the extreme ; and we'may'now as well inform the reader of one of the causes that produced the ardent and brotherly frienship between the two young officers. Chesterfield's father was a widower,, and very poor ; one time, when his ">n returned from a long voyage, he f»und him in great distress and overhead and ears in debt. The young man himself could rejder but small assistance, and things would have got from bad to worse had not Lieutenant Cayman secretly, -without the knowledge of the midshipman, assistid old Chesterfield with some heavy advance This was not found out by Maurice till some time afterwards, and he fully appreciated the kindness which had not only granted the assistance, but had ihe delicacy ,to keep it secret for fear of hurting his feelings and wounding his pride. Chesterfield's father had since died, unable -to repay the debt " Well now, I teliyou what, Maurice, it is really too bad Whenever we a«k you to sing in the gun-room, you give us nothing worth hearing, but when quite alone TOU can sing one of as beautiful songs as ever were heard." " Well, but it is only the beautiful evening that made me think t>f the song, and somehow, on a night sucb as this, I sometimes feel almost' conscious of a former existence, and as if, with a little exertion ot memory, I could recollect dear friends and brothers, and delight* ful scenes that never could have existed." " I tell you what, Alfred, I really think many of us must have had a former existence .on this earth, and been sent hack to pass through again, on the same principle that a middy, if not found competent to pass as a lieutenant, has to serve another long time as middy again. For instance, you may-have b"enone of the ancient Grecian naval heros, or perhaps a great man in China, and not having passed on account of your haughty overbearing disposition, sent back to serve your lime over again." " " 3Vly dear fellow," said Cayman, not more than half pleased at the reason of his having to pas& through the. world a second time,. " what business have you to believe anything of the kind ? " Why, i've got strong arguments in favor of my system,'' persisted Maurice. " Do you never have certain dim ghosts, or shadows of reminiscences, which it is impossible to trace to anything or any event in your life ?" " Certainly, but may not these be aroused by the recollection of some feeling in yonr dreams ?" " Why, there you've undermined my whole svstem, Alfred," said the incorrigible midshipman, " but it certainly is a much more poetical and romantic way of explaining it as I do. Now, another thir.g is that the sight of that bcf.utiful little fellow, Charley Morris, almost always awakes these feelings in me, though it is impossible I could ever have seen him before he entered this ship. You know Charley Morris, Alfred i " Know him," said the lieutenant; "you mean ibat little mischievous devil that no mortal power can keep from mischief" *• Mischievous ur not." continued Chesterfield, 4 I assure you he is the handsomest hoy j 4 I ever saw, and if I was tbe first lieutenant, I would not persecute the poor boy as you do, Alfred. He is eternally at the mast-head, hot or cold weather, and in all climates, and he { has got the surname of tbe * Middy of the Mjst.'" " Well! what has that to do with the question, Maurice ? Whether the boy is handsome or not, if he neglects his duty, or disgraces tbe service, it i* my duty to punish him, and I should neglect my duty myself, if 1 encouraged the little brat." An angry reply from Chesterfield would certainly bave followed, had not the appearance upon deck of the very youth in question s'opped the discussion. What Maur.ce had said of his beauty was not overcharged; he was deddedly4»eagtifu| t ...a{ , |aos.t feiniaineiy^; what was strange, there was a striding resemblance between him and Maurice himself, especially in the noble expression of their eyes. Charley bowed respectfully to his lieutenant, who bowed co'dlv to him, and then gave Chesterfield a pini'h by way of satisfaction. Chesterfield was fonder of little Morris than even of the first lieutenant, and CI arley was very fond of bjth, but he was eternally playing such funny trie.- s, especially on Cayman, that, as Maurice said, he was always at the mast-head. Lieutenant Alfred Cayman then went down to bed, J<nd the txvo middies, it beintr their- watch, amused each other by singing, at which Charley was decidedly the best. The songs of the two were ratber strange noises on board the At iel, and when they were both joining in a chorus, they wbjee the jolly old s<-ul of a captain, who was asleep just below them. Captain Clenchy swore an oath too horrible to mention, and .sent a message on deck that when hs wanted musical talents he should know where to apply, but that on the [ resent occa-iicn he would advise the young gentlemen to sa?e their songs for a more fitting occasion. The advice was taken, and the deck o! the Ariel was again almost as silent as the ocean itself, through which it was so swiftly moving. Capt. Clenchy, by the bye, was a remarkably ugly man, which we were glad of, fur our readers would el?e conclude that we were humhugging thdtn, by making every sonl on board t Ariel as haudsorne as could be; but though ugly, he had the milk of human kindness in no small degree, and had it sot been for the extreme strictness of Cayman, the reins of discipline on board , the Ariel would have been " most tarnation slack " r [7i. be continued \ 