, .to the presbyterians of new south wales. Inasmuch as Dr. Lang has for some time been , industriously asserting and reiterating certain' con. elusions., which he wishes the public to adopt in regard to the conduct of some of his brethren in the Presbytery of Sydney and Synod of Australia, . while he either altogether conceals the facts on which these, if they possessed any validity, ought to be founded, or gives a partial and inaccurate representation of them, we feel it to. be our duty to lay before the Presbyterian community a fair statement of these facts from the beginning, and . to shew that so far from warranting the gross charges which Dr. Lang has so unscrupulously made, they prove his own conduct to have been utterly indefensible, and his declared intention to separate from the body inexcusable and schismatic. . It-is about eleven monthB since Dr. Lang re turned to the colony, signed the bond of nnion, ' arid entered the new Synod ; he was cordially wel comed by his brethren, especially by those of ! them upon .whom he is now so unsparingly heap ing abuse ; they had incurred the displeasure of some of their friends, and of the Church of Scot land, for leaving the door of entrance perfectly open to him without reference to his conduct in "Britain, and in- spite of the frequently expressed :fears» and suspicions of others, they looked for ward with fond anticipation to the pleasure and "advantage they would have In his co- operation. 'At the first regular meeting of Synod after his arrival, there was an amount of deference and respect shewn to tajm, which, we venture to affirm, vyas scarcely ever shewn to any individual in a ' Presbyterian Church Court 5 he was allowed to ex pound his own favourite measures at unusual- length — to" reply immediately, though out of order, to. every speaker who stated objections to any part: of them j many refrained from opposing them, though not clear as to their wisdom and propriety, .simply from a reluctance to offer opposition to Dr. Lang. And of the six annual committees ap pointed by the Synod, he was made convener, all except one. The, most conclusive evidence was thus afforded to Dr. Lang of tlie good feeling of 'his brethren towards him, and the strongest prac- tical: assurance given that they were disposed to ; render him the most courteous deference and cordial co-operation for the future. A breach, however, has arisen, and we now re- ' quest attention to the quarter in which it originated. The very day after the court that." thus honoured iand confided in him- Jjioke up, it was made evident , by an article published in the. Colonial Ob'erver,<- that Dr. Lang could not be satisfied with' Any'- amount' of dtiferehce from his brethren, if' they still retained their independence, and acted on their pwri views'. The'followi'ng are the termsin which CDrt Lang flatters himsel f in. that article, .while-be afTeq.ts to slight, . and attempts to intimidate his. " brethren ; adverting to the fact, that another than -himself had been unanimously chosen Moderator, he says : " It would be wrong to ascribe the slight -that was thus put upon Dr. Lang, to the little -jealousy that issometimes entertained towards those who happen to occupy a more prominent and in fluential position in the estimation of the public than o.nrselves. It is impossible that such feelings could operate in the quarters referred to, though it 'must lie confessed that they qre sometimes found operating in the quarteis where they are-at least suspected. Now this is too : bad', .and it would almost provoke us.to conjrre up . the ghost of the old Colonist once more to trighten those who act so strangely into something tike propriety." ' Arid the submission which he thus publicly de- : clared he was determined to exact, Dr. Lang soon practically claimed. The firdt of the committees above referred to . which he convened, was the ' Orphan School Committee. It met at Parramatta on the 19th October, when it was resolved that enquiry should be made into the number of Pres. . by terian orphans in the Colony, at what expense .for each child an- orphan establishment could be maintained, and what amount of funds could he raised in the different congregations for thesupport of such an institution. Such was the amount arid hind of work the committee agreed to do till their next meeting. That meeting was held according to 'agreement on the first Tuesday of November, when /Dr.- Lang coolly intimated that he had taken the liberty of commencing the oriphan school, that as he considered Balmain to be the most suitable place for the purpose, he had made arrangements with' the' Re v. Robert Stewart (for whose rent he .had : become security) for boarding and' teaching .such, children as- might be sent to him in the mean time,: and that he had already placed under his 'care "six or eight. The committee received this announcement with utter astonishment, and . individually expressed their unqualified disappro bation. Finding from this arid other symptoms, that the committee were not likely to bo subser- vient to his wishes, that they determined to act ac cording to their own views of duty and not his, he has never since convened them, but has continued to ' pursue the course on which ho had entered, in opposition 'to the authority of the committee, and sent eight or ten additional children to Mr. Stewart / Another committee, of which Dr. Lang was made Convener, was the College Committee, the charac ter and objects of which will be understood from the following -resolutions of the Synod of Anstra- ' lia : — "TheSynod, having heard the report of Com mittee on the Australian College, resolve that they .wjll sanction a curriculum embracing Latin arid Greek taught by one Professor ; Logic and Moral Philosophy, by another; and Mathematics and 'Natural Philosophy by a third;— being the course pf education required in candidates for the ministry . - in. the Mother Church, whenever that institution is iii a condition to furnish the same ; but that the Synod does not by this resolution wave any right of property in the institution, or any claim which thoy may- possess to exercise a control over its future management. . , . , ; " It was also moved and agreed to— " That a Committee be appointed ,to communi cate with the parties authorised by the Australian College, to carry the preceding arrangements into effect; and that the different "Presbyteries be in structed to encourage young men of piety and: promise, within their respective bounds, to dedicate: themselves to the service of God in the work of tho Holy Ministry. "The following are the riiembers of the Commit tee, viz. : — The Moderator, the Clerk; and the; other Ministers of Sydney and Parramatta; Dr. Lang, Convener." > This committee Dr. Lang never convened, hut took the worlc 'committed to its management; entirely into his own hahds. On the 11th. Novem-i. ber, he proceeded, to; Port Phillip and Van Die- man's Land, "oobtajh.jV.to use his own wox-ds;' " aid requii;tp|tii ; infant institution to, the rank to enable us; to and talent for the, work of tbfe > .not ' 'only by taking! this step set asi|3ij(|56mtriittee altogether, bud; the statement whichtjB/gave to the inhabitants of Hobart Town and Melbourne, of the relation ex-" isting between the jSytiod and the College, was inconsistent with the. facts of the: case, asiwill ap-, pear from the following. extract compared with thej resolutions above quoted. "The Synod of Aus tralia, I am happy to state moreover, has at its last annual meeting held in Sydney, a few weeks ago, agreed to receive candidates for the ministry; who shall have attended a , regular academical! course in that institution, on the same footing as| if they had ai tended such a course at a Scotch? university." This statement, whether or riot' id-. tended, is calculated to produce the impression that the Synod considered the College as note 'in a ' fit state to give this - education, whereas it is- evi-i dent from the resolution, that the Synod's viewl of the institution is the very opposite ; for it is'ex-! pressly.stated, " whenever that institution was iof a condition to furniah the same." It was not! merely the creation of a sufficient fund for the pn-j dowment of professors arid the other purposes ofj1 the institution, that they considered necessary to; put it into a condition that would satisfy tbeiril before giving it their sanction ; but an hajncst aiidj equitable settlement of the question .pending be-j tween the Government and the shareholders oni the one hand, and'the parties holding the property;- and clairriing: the management of the College on; the other, and the adoption and establishment ofj a proper system of internal. Government; and it> was simply from a reluctance to, press .anything! that.was disagreeable to Dr. Lang that the com-; mission in January declined to adopt a resolution , that. was intended to set the' public right in this' biatter, and explain the real state of thiugs be-;', tween the College, and the Synod. / _..Lal Geftain members of Dr.Laug'scorigregali on", coiiSf ceiviog that his. visit to Port Phillip and Varij Dieman'a Land, undertaken without the authority; of the Church directly or indirectly, and without; the concurrence of his people askedor. obtained, was inconsistent with- the duty which he owed to; them, and likely to be injuriousin its consequences, after having unsuccessfully attempted by private? conference to prevent it, referred the matter for - advice to the Presbytery by a respectful memorial. Without taking notice of the disrespect Dr. Lang ! had shown to the Synod's College Committee, and j the Synod itself, -in:.this visit, the Presbytery came? to the following resolution, to which a general i character was given for the very purpose of pre.; venting anything like personal censure falling on ': Dr. Lang : — j "That while the Presbytery approves of the con-! duct of the Memorialists in bringing the leading ; subjects of the Memorial under the notice of the court, they think it sufficient in the meantime to! admonish the ministers ' under their charge, not to leave their congregations /or any length of, time ! without the most urgent necessity, and never with- ; out conferring with their Kirk Sessions on the? subject, and obtaining their concurrence j; and far-i tlier the Presbytery highly disapprove of any of; their ministers introducing into their public ser- .. vices allusions to the past divisions of. the colonial church in v olatiori of the bond of union." The next committee, of which Dr. Lang was made Convener, to whose proceedings we shall; advert, is that on . the German Mission, which ha> never called together for a whole quarter, and .not till he was,; instructed to do so by the Commission in. January. "Dhring that period Dr. Lang kept, the whole manageriient of the mission in his own hands, received the communications from . thp Mission statiou, directed the.movemeuts of the! Missionaries, and corresponded 'with the Govern ment, subscribing himself, without- authority or. warrant, secretary of the' committee, which he had never met nor consulted. But no notice was taken of this extraordinary conduct, further than to give instructions that the committee should be imme diately convened;, which was accordingly done. Their fiVat meeting was held in the Scots Church, on the 9th January, and from the documents sub mitted to tho committee, it appeared that the mission was to be handed over to the Synod by Dr. Lang, burdened with about ,£401) of debt, more than tbj:half of whirih had been entailed on it in consequence of a great part of the contributions that were last advanced by the Colonial Govern- menthaving been taken by Dr. Ls'ing to defray expanses incurred by himv on account ' of. the initsipn 'in . England, in 1837, and. which the late treasurer, William Wright, Esq., had uniformly, refused to pay out of the fund given by the govern ment and the colonial public for the support of t|,< mission here. As this debt wits a' serious in cumbrance, and required immediate liquidation, it w&s; deemed advisable that a deputation should vyait upon his Excellency, the Governor, to put him. jn possession of the present state of the iniasiori— . ascertain what the Government would be willing' to do towards cancelling the debt, and what amount of annual support might.be calculated on from that quarter; and the MhSfcrator of the! — — — nn-wmmi milium " r — » — were appointed for this purpose. It has been made matter of grievous complaint that the Convener was left out of this deputation, although no objection wps made by himself at the time -of the, appoint ment. As the Government was known to have objected to communicating with Moderators of Presbyteries, and expressed a desire that all their communications with the Presbyterian Church should take place through one channel, the: Mode rator of the Synod, and as the mission froin being, formerly virtually uqder .Dr;,;;Laog's management had now passed into the hands of tho Synod, and the Governor had declined to advance more funds on the application of Dr. Lang, though he had constituted himself as Secretary of Committee, and subscribed himself such, it was considered wise that-the Moderator of the Synod and hot the Con vener of the Committee, should-, go to represent; the Synod, and Messrs. Barker and Bowman to; manifest their Interest as laymen in the mission,! and represent the people. But owing to the Go vernor's being at Parramatta, it was resolved that the, deputation should be. delayed till a future day. When the; committee next met it.. was found that Mr.. Bowman was riot present, and Mr. Tait being secretary, and having the minutes of tho former meetings in short-hand notes— to which reference might" require to be made for the information of his Excellency, it was proposed that he should take Mr. Bowman's place in the deputation, and that they should proceed at once to Government House, It was only at this last stage of the proceeding, and when the gentlemen named were on their feet to go, that the slightest opposition to the measure was made . by Dr. Lang, or that he manifested any symptoms of dissatisfaction. But now he rose and protested against the deputation going without his being of the number— declared that he considered it a personal insult that his name was omitted, and tbat,thi3 \vas an invasion of his privileges as con vener to which ho would not submit. The reasons for the omission given above, and others, were stated to him, but as lie was much excited and the hour for proceeding to Government House had past, it was resolved to let the matter rest till the next meeting. The very day after this, Dr. Lang wrote a letter' to the Governor, in which he states that " Messrs. Tait and Fullei-tpri having informed the Synod's Committee, that he was regarded, not only by a; portion of the public, but by the local Government,! with such feelings of alienation and hostility, that the mission would be greatly prejudiced by my conucxion with it in' any. way, and that: the Go vernment would not correspond with him, on the subject,' bad induced the Committee virtually to dispense with his services! arid deprive; hirti of his office." But this is a .total misrepresentation of. the ciue. They-,Qommiteee unanimously adopted the measure o/;. which; Dr. Lang complafoslfdri the> idris'stafifd"aboveTarid tHe're is not the slightest ground in fact for his ascribing it solely, to the in fluence of Messrs. Tait arid Fullerton ; and it was adopted before any reference was mkde by any to the feelings with which he was regarded by a por tion of the public or the local government, this reference being; only made in the course of the dc: sultory conversation -that ensued on Dr. Lang's protesting so vehemently against the deputation at' the very moment of their leaving, and in answer to. claims to deference and influence on his part which it was Iriipossible to concede. The very answer returned by the Government to this extraordinary .letter, though represented by Dr. Lang, as grant- ing him all that he wished, is an additional evidence of the unwillingness of the Government to have more than one channel of communication with the Synod, anil the great inconvenience of having to correspond with a number ofconveners of commit tees holding only aniiual appointments," and. proves the validity of brie of the reasons for which the committee was desirous .of carrying oh their correspondence through the Moderator. Itis true the Moderator holds only an annual appointment, but the Government have already fixed on that | officer as the channel of communication .with the body, whereas if each convener was to correspond in behalf of 'his own committee the channels of cpmmnnicatidn would be indefinitely multiplied— the very evil which the government wished to avoid by decliuing to correspond with the Moderators of Presbyteries. . : . The practice of the Church of Scotland in this .matter has boen referred to, but we cannot adopt .'all the practices of an established. church in our 'peculiar circumstances in this, Colony. . Thus, for 'example, though it is usual in Scotland for the Moderators of Presbyteries to correspond with tCovernrrientiyet, aswahavesecn, tho same privilege !i8;npt enjoyed by u». And so far as the deputation, iis.'concerncd, deputations have boon often of late -sent to London by the Non-intrusion Committee ;iof 'the Church of Scotlarid'-in whieh'Drl'Chalirieiri the Convener of that committee, was not included. Such is a brief and fair statement of the foots, on his own account of which, Dr. Lang has grounded tho odious charges he has lately made from the pulpit and through, the press, against his j brethren, and attempted to justify the new schism ho is now creating in the Colonial Presbyterian Church. . Let all : our- reflecting and impartial . people judge whether the proceedings that have been detailed afford Dr. Lang the slightest war rant to represent: his brethren as actuated by " a spirit of envy and detraction" — "A spirit of. ran corous hostility towards himself individually, ! which ho formerly believed could only have 1 emanated from the Father of Evil whether such proceedings. can with the least shadow of truth or even; plnusibjlity, be; characterised: as a- scrio of the most uncalled' for, unprovoked, unchristian, arid suicidal' attacks, made not only upon' himself individually,' but -upon every object or Institution .with which die was either connected or identified." Even Dr. Lang's own coloured and partial state ment of the facts does not furnish the slightest ground for the reproachful and abusive epithets he here employs, and can never justify the. schismatic which he complains, results from the " crivy and | malignity" of two or three of his brethren, whom | he now finds it convenient to denounce as men, of $ little minds' and wicked 'hearts, though once loaded. | with his fulsome praise ; what an imbecility . and | cowardice does it manifest to make this opposition, | Which he has confessedly only experienced for a J few months, a ground of separation from a church J whssc supreme court consisted of neiirly thirty | members, to which he could appeal ? It. is true i that at other tiriies, he represents the majority of j Presbyterian ministers In the colony, as'unprinci- T| pled hirelings, in whom he has no confidence ; but reflecting men will ask, how it is that Dr. f Lang has all at once come to that conclusion | concerning men, on finding them less subservient j than he. expected and wished, whom he was for- meily in the habit of eulogising. We confess, for ourselves, that with the facts of the case before ! us, it is impossible for us to believe that, i( Dr. Lang was sincere In his praise, lie can he sincere In his vituperation, or toat the change In hi3 views of the principles and character of his brethren has really taken place which the belief in his sincerity in both cases would imply. Take for example tho following statement : — " It will be evident," says he, in hi3 review of the proceedings of Synod, in the Colonial Observer of the 28th October, "that ' tiie Presbyterian Church of New South Wales is at this moment in a state of extraordinary vigour and efficiency, a state to which we confess we' deepairrid of ever seeing it brought four years ago.",! But what have the praised of October done Binee Octo- ber, to warrant the language, ho holds In regard to thein now? In his address to his people on Sab- hath last he asks them — " Where think you.is the spirit of the Lord to lift up a standard against this mortal enemy of all' pure and undefiled religion (popery) ? Is it in the Presbyterian Church as at present constituted. Yes, brethren, if the spirit of the Lord is a spirit of the grossest worldly inlnded- ness and inefficiency — a spirit of envy and detrac tion — a spirit of strife and malevolence, it is there. To speak in sober and sorrowful earnest, the Pres byterian Church, as at present constituted! is utterly inefficient as the bulwark of Protestantism in this land." , . . . . Indeed, Dr. Lang Boems tp be apprehensive that tlie public will' not viriw the cOnduct of his brethren 'in the light in which he epriesenls iti arid feels it necessarv to draw to his tudiaripther! reason to vindicate bis se paration from tlfo Gfirirch >vls»se judicatoi ies he bound himself to obey, and'alT whoso ministers solemnly vow that they will not follow divisive courses, but win sub mit to the decisions of the riiajority of their brethren . regularly met in presbytery and synods/ This addi tional reason he professes to find in the sinfulness of receiving state Bupport ontheprinciple onwhich it is given In this Colony, -But. how is it that' Dr. Lang never disoovered ov'avqWedilie great guilt of " eatlrig ; thd.Qucpn'bEeaidSMhhtfiiriiniiasatfnatMsbrethreii of the Synod were riot the pliant arid Bubsefvierit men "he .calculated upon finding or making them ? How. was it that at the very, first' meeting, of that court which took place after his arrival,' and/wHen he had only recently left that land of . liberty Whore Yoluntaryisin was seen in such glory as to dispel all liis. Scottish pre judices, and con vincerhini that it was the beBt method of supporting the Church ; he sought the interposition of the Synod's influence to have his government salary raised from three to five himdred pounds— according to on old promise of the Secretary for the Colonies, and attacked his Excellency in no measfoed terms for refusing it ; but now that.tne determination of hisbre- tlrirento maintain their independence i arid-folio w riot .the bidding of an individual, but the dictates of. their nun tndirmonf Viba honn nmrnil ' rr\ troo nn nvon tho . lesser sum, and pronounces it to be an aioursedthing / which he cannot touch ? And how is it that witlShis strong sense of the sinfuluess of receiving.Governrifpnt: support in this land, and. with the firm belief that tho curso of inefficiency will rest upon a church till she throws book with indignant scorn the Babylonish gar ment andiwpdgepf gold;" he. recommends his people to got -a pastor from the mother country; encouraged by the assurance that he will have not only tho present salary, but a larger amount of the accursed arid blight ing thing? j Such considerations ought to make' intelligent' and - reflecting Presbyterians pause before countenancing, or in any way , promoting the mischievous step Dr. Lang has now taken. Ho has frequently surprised, his friends by sudden and decisive movements, and led thm, on the impulse of the moment, to commit them selves to a course onwhich, after mature reflection, they would have, nover entered. Taking . advantage of the sympathy awakened in consequonco of the. al leged illtreament of him by his brethren, and his pro fessed determination to leave the colony, and go to New South Wales, his partisans are now using .overy means to create a new schism in our church in his favour, and many. are unwillingly lending themselves to this. wicked and misohiovous measure. Every en lightened Presbyterian knows, or ought to know, the great guilt there is in " following divisive courses," . and wo foel that wo would bo guilty of a grievous ne- : gleet of duty if wo did not solemnly warn, our people against being hastily, led into a soparatiop'' from their own- communion, which thoy may afterwards have cause . bitterly to repent; Come not to the conclusion of . loaving the Clnirch of Scotland on the present occa sion. Weigh well' the consequence of such a course before you are irretrievably committed to it, and bo not enticed into a schism,. .which will operate with pernicious influence on the interests of Presbyterian- lsm, and be sure to bring evil on those who originated and those who support it. "Now I beseech you, brethren, murk them which cause divisions' and 'offenceos contrary to 'tho doctrine which ye have learned, and avoid them. ,For they that are such serve notour Lord Jesus Christ."— Rom. xvi. 17. 18. JOHN TAIT, . . JAMES FULLERTON. , WILLIAM M'INT-YRE; ' 