LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT.—CRIMINAL SIDE. FRIDAY, APRIL 15. Before Mr. Justice Stephen. ASSAULT AND FALSE IMPRISONMENT. \- Robert Robinson, master mariner, and Richard William Nelson, surgeon, both belonging to the ship Carthaginian, were indicted for having, on the 24th of December last, on board that vessel, while on the high seas, committed an aggravated assault on the person of Margaret Ann Bolton by forcing her on the deck of the said vessel, and throw- ing water on her, and afterwards committing an act of false imprisonment by placing hand- cuffs on her. A second count charged the offence as a common assault. The following Jury having: been impan- nelled-Messrs. G. Stanley, (foreman), J. Struth, J. Smail, T. Smidmore, J. Pearce, C. Shaw, T. T. Smith, Patrick Scott, G. Sewell, J. Smith, S. Scrase, and C. Smith. The Attorney-General, in opening the case, observed, that the present case was one of considerable importance, not only to the defendants, but to the public, and if the case was established, as it appeared in the depo- sitions before him, he was at a loss to con- ceive what excuse or defence could be set up for it. It might be that it would be alleged that the woman on whom the assault was com- mitted was of an imbecile weak state of mind : but admitting this to be true, it only aggravated the offence, for she was the more entitled to the care and protection of those to whom the care and superintendence of the immigrants, per the Carthaginian, had been entrusted. It would be shown that she was a woman of retired, unobtrusive habits, and unacquainted with the manners and customs of those ladies who frequent the purlieus of Walmsley- square, Liverpool, or the like places in Manchester ; and who, for her ignorance on these points, had been held up to ridicule, annoyed, and in- sulted, by the epithet of the Old Maid being ap- plied to her. In concluding his address, the Attorney-General gave an outline of the case. His Honor enquired, if Mr. Broadhurst was to take no advantage of a clerical error, which appeared on the face of the information, by the offence being laid as committed on an im- possible day, namely, the 24th of December, 1842. Mr. Broadhurst said he waved any ob- jection, although he did not consider His Honor had the power to order the information to be amended. Mr Windeyer also felt it his duty, as his clients were anxious to go to trial, to wave any objection on this point. The Attorney-General then called the fol- lowing witnesses : Edward Farrell deposed : I am a shoemaker, and was a passenger in the Carthaginian, which sailed from Liverpool on the 1st of October; she was an emigrant-ship, and had a good many females on board ; we arrived here in the end of January, 1842; the prose cutrix was one of the passengers. I saw water thrown on her by the defendants about six or eight weeks before we arrived. I saw the captain and doctor one night come out of the cabin, and bring several of the women out of the hold, about half-past ten at night; they placed some on one side, and some on the other side of the deck ; they handcuffed the whole of the women—it was a fineish night. Ann Bolton said she had done nothing ; she appeared to have a night-dress on her. The captain ordered some water to be passed, and dashed five buckets of water in her face, and the doctor threw two; she was handcuffed, and standing at the time; I went to bed soon after, and left her there; she told the doctor she had done nothing, and denied making the noise. When she came on board she appeared to be a sound, strong-looking woman; she seemed much bet ter than she does now; she was confined to her bed next day after the water was thrown on her, and was confined to it for a considerable time—a fortnight or three weeks; she has never been so well since. When they threw the water on her, they bid her hold her tongue ; he said, if she would not hold it, she would get another on her ; It was all done in about a quarter of an hour. Cross-examined by Mr. Broadhurst : I was sitting on the side of the vessel when the captain and doctor went below; I heard no noise below at that time, nor any among the women previously; I did not see them re- leased ; I did not hear her give the defendants insulting language ; it was neither rainy nor blowy ; I could see her form, but I could not see her features distinctly ; I was about as far from her as from this box to the Jury; I was standing on the starboard side; it was a few yards from the cabin; I was standing among the rest of the young women who were in irons. I never had a quarrel with the captain ; I asked him for a bed and pillow when we came into the harbour, but he did not give it to me. I never said to Mr. Lawson that I would not have sworn against the captain so strongly if he had given me the bed and bedding. I am a married man ; my wife was on board. The single women slept aft, under the cabin. By the Court : The seamen passed all the water, except one bucket-full. There were no lights allowed below. My wife was in bed at the time. Margaret Ann Bolton : I am about twenty- six years of age. I came here in the Cartha- ginian, about four or five months since. On a Sunday night, about nine o'clock, there was some noise below, when a young woman in my berth, and another near it, screamed out that there was a ghost between decks; when the captain and doctor asked who screamed, and ordered us all out of both berths, threaten- ing, in a most awful manner, if we did not come out, they would force us ; they then caused us to go on deck, we only had as much clothing on us as prevented our being exposed, it was quite dark, no light was allowed below ; they brought several pairs of handcuffs, and put one on me, the doctor went below and brought up another woman to handcuff her also. I am not able to say if he was there when I was handcuffed. Soon after my hands were hand- cuffed behind my back, we were all dispersed to sit about the deck, lest we should have the comfort of speaking together, we sat on wet planks, it had been raining heavy, and was raining lightly at that time. I said to the doctor, What sort of a physician are you to fetch seven females out of their bed at night, where they may have been warm or unwell for ought you may know, and set them here in the wet to get their death of cold, you are an odd man to have the care of souls and bodies : do you mean to take our lives; what is this for? He said, For not catching those who were going about making the noise below. I said, it was im- possible to catch them in utter darkness; he then called for a bucket of water, and did not stop till he threw seven of them on me. Some hours after the captain released me. When the captain released the others, they were op- posite me, and said, I would not be able to come to him ; when he said, I think she has not had them on long enough, and went into the cabin. The others said, captain, she will never be able to stand this usage, we must take her down with us. The women went to their berth, finding it in vain to stay there longer; soon after, some person brought a great coat and put it over me. About an hour after, Mr. Greive, the third mate, the captain's uncle, released me, and held my hand along the deck. I did not want him to go below with me, he was there too often after dark. I got below, but had to sit down from exhaustion; and when I got there, I could not get tea boiled to heat me; I was obliged to take off my night clothes, wrap myself up in a blanket, and get into my bed without any other cloth- ing. When taken on deck I had not a pin to close my gown on my breast, and I felt the cold strike to my heart at once when forced on deck. I was in a particular delicate con- dition of body at that time, which I cannot express, but was in good health at the time, but have been in bad health since; I was two months under a physician after arrival and have since been at the Benevolent Asylum, and am still unable to work and earn a living. I left my service in Manchster to get ready to come here, and was perfectly well ; I now have severe pain in my head, so that I can not look down or steadily for any time; I have also a pain at my breast, and for some- time after the wetting, had a severe cough, which I got clear of, but it has turned on me in consequence of my changing my room at the Benevolent Asylum, where I am under the care of Surgeon Cuthill ; I have always been in my senses. Cross examined by Mr. Windeyer : I was horn in Raththorun, Ireland, and reared in Manchester; my parents are dead; I was about nine years in Manchester ; I was between 13 and 16 when I went into the service of the Rev Mr Cremer, of Dublin; before my father died I had no occasion to go to service ; I was about twelve months in that service, after which I went to Manchester ; I went to service in Manchester for three months, with a Mrs. Stewart, after which I lived by sewing for different people; I was some time in the service of a Mrs. Oldham, and worked a long time for a Mr. Sutcliffe ; I lived with my mother and sisters for some months, and also lived with my brothers for sometime; I lived with Esther Metcalf for upwards of six months ; I was only three nights in Liverpool before I shipped for this place ; I do not know Brownlow-hill; I was in Manchester Infirmary about three weeks long before I came out here ; I worked for a warehouse, No. 7, Compton-court, making shirts to be sent to New South Wales, where I heard that very good wages were given to needlewomen in this colony, which deter- mined me to come out here ; I was many months under Dr. Wilson's care, I think about twelve months ; when in the hospital at Manchester I thought I was about to die ; I was locked up in a cell infested with rats by Dr. Cuthill, which Dr. Wilson never did. I had on my shoes and stockings on the night when I was forced on deck ; I put them on when they came down and forced us to go on deck; cursing and swearing at us in a most awful manner. I was not playing the ghost ; I am not afraid of ghosts. There were but two screams. I do not know who was playing the ghost. Some light women played the ghost, who had before that night been singing, dancing, and drinking, with the captain and doctor. I never said to the doctor, " I will not hold my tongue for you or any w——e- master like you." I cannot recollect all I said. I heard the captain calling on them to bring the water. The other women were re- leased half an hour before I was. Just before I was released I repeated four verses to one of the girls, ending with, " To our murderers' peace and love," thinking they applied to our situation. I was ill on Holy-eve night, in con- sequence of some tricks which were played on me by the other emigrants, and when the surgeon was called, he merely looked at me and said, " Oh, it's only that d——d old maid again," and went away. The doctor had a punishment of throwing lime in the eyes of the emigrants, which I was very much fright- ened at, and the captain used to do the same thing. I have lent him my own plate when he asked it to hold the lime on. I went to service on arrival in Sydney, but after being in it five days I had to leave it from being unable to work. I have lost all my clothes through their being rotted with the rain while I was sick in the Asylum, and I threw them on the dunghill yesterday. After the case was heard at the Police-office, the people at the Benevolent Asylum annoyed me very much, calling me a prosecutor, and other names. In order to prevent them from irritating me, I was placed in the coal-hole under the stair, where the rats were so nume- rous that I had to get a stick to keep them from coming into bed to me. A big stout woman attacked me in bed, in the Asylum, in the presence of the nurse, and struck me, calling me a prosecutor, and in the presence of the nurse, who hurt her thumb in pulling the big woman away. The woman attacked mc in order to get it believed that I was mad, so that her country-man, Captain Robinson, might escape. I know Mrs. Harrison; she told me, the other day, in the Immigration Barracks, that she did not think that I had been used so badly as it had been represented; she told me she had heard there was to be no more about the case. I deny having told her that I had shammed sickness to avoid working. Re-examined : With respect to the lime, when any of the women complained of not being able to rise to go on- deck, when or- dered by the doctor, he would call for a plate, go into the hospital, fill it with lime, and throw it about the person who was com- plaining, which stifled them, until they were compelled to rise and go about ; I have seen him do it frequently, and also the captain. John Keating, an immigrant per the Cartha- ginian : Only knew of water being thrown upon her in an affair about a kit, on the line. He had known her about thirty or forty days in Liverpool, before embarking, she then appeared to be in good health. Robert Grieves, third mate of the Carthagi- nian : Had known Mary Ann Bolton, being on board. One night in December last, when the vessel was between this and the Cape, it being my watch on deck, there was a great noise on board, I went below to ascertain w ho was making it, when the females called out that it was the Old Maid, and to take her out from among them, as they could not bear her below. I saw seven of them brought up. She and another were placed on the starboard side, and the other five on the larboard side. She was handcuffed with her hands behind her back, and the doctor coolly threw a bucket of water over her, which might have wetted her. I do not know where the captain was. I did not see him when the water was thrown on her; it must have been thrown by the orders of the captain or the doctor ; I was on deck till twelve o'clock, and left her there ; the water was thrown on her to make her keep her tongue quiet, when she said she would not ; I heard the captain tell her to be quiet, and she said she would not ; I heard the doctor tell her also to keep quiet, and she said she would not be quiet for him nor any w— e master like him. The captain is my nephew. By a Juror: I was about four feet from her when I saw the water thrown about her; I was close by the capstan. Examined by Mr. Broadhurst : It was by my report the women were brought up for the noise ; Ann Bolton was famous on board for the use of her tongue, there is no mistake in that. I did not see the other women liberated ; they were all quiet and hearty ; they left the deck a few minutes after twelve o'clock, after I left the deck. It was a fine night, we were going about in our shirt sleeves. By the Court : The water was not slapped in her face, but quite easily ; it was hove over her body; I cannot tell who brought the water; she had on a mantle, and was sitting on a stool when it was thrown on her ; I do not know that any of the women on board were common prostitutes; when asked at the Police Office about common prostitutes being On board I said, Yes ; but I did not then know the meaning of the term, and if I then said such were on board it must have been my mistake, I being very dull of hearing. It was a fine clear hard starry night. William Kennedy, also a passenger per Carthaginian: Seventeen years of age; when in his cabin about 9 at night, heard the doctor calling for the handcuffs ; witness went on deck, where he saw the defendants, and two others, and the women standing; one of them was rather talkative, and gave some im- pudence to the captain and doctor ; saw one bucket thrown on her, and more was called for; but I was sent into my cabin by order of the Rev. Mr. Macaves ; there may have been more than one bucket thrown on her : she had on a night-wrapper, or something white. Cross-examined by Mr. Windeyer: She continued her impudence to the captain after the water was thrown on her. The captain was kind to the passengers, so far as I heard. The woman Bolton was reputed very noisy, and not easily managed. I think the bucket of water was brought to be thrown on her by one of the boys belonging to the ship. I do not recollect what was the impudent expres- sion made use of by Bolton; but it was some- thing indecent. It might have been hazy, or a drizzling rain, but 1 did not see rain when I went on deck. William Joseph Carter, another immigrant per the same vessel : Saw two buckets of water thrown on her by the doctor, to make the woman Bolton hold her tongue. The captain was there, putting the women on the other side of the ship, in irons, and she was com- plaining of the treatment she received, and saying that she did not think she would get the better of it. I saw her in handcuffs ; she had- light clothing on ; she was not dressed ; they had the appearance of night clothes. I saw her on deck two hours afterward, when I went below. There were often complaints made about her; but I believe it was more from her being teased by those about her. She used to be called the Old Maid. Cross-examined: I had been in bed, and hearing a noise on deck, I turned out. It was a dull night ; I did not see stars ; It could not be called a fine night. The witness Grieves recalled : He thought her hands were secured before her. There were twenty buckets knocking about the decks. A bucketful would contain about a gallon and a half. Dr. Savage, health officer of Port Jackson, saw the woman Bolton at the Barracks in a very bad state, with a severe cough, with much expectoration, pain in the side, and agitation of manner. It was a pulmonic af -fection of some standing. The symptoms might have been of a month or six weeks standing. Exposure to the night air was very likely to induce such a disease. Cross-examined by Mr. WINDEYER : The symptoms might have been of a year's standing. By the COURT : If such a female had been taken out of bed on a fine night, exposed on deck for a couple of hours, and a bucket of water thrown over her, I think it would have been very likely to induce such a pulmo- nic affection, especially if she was of such a de- licate frame as the woman Bolton. The throw- ing of water over her might quiet her loqua- city ; but it would irritate a pulmonic affection. For mental abberration a shower bath, with other medical observances, is often prescribed; but I should be sorry to think that any medi- cal practitioner would prescribe such treat- ment as has been said to have been given in this case. I cannot contemplate any sane being giving such treatment to a female as forcing her out of bed, throwing water about her, and leaving her on deck for several hours. Mrs. Caroline Chisholm, of the Female Immigrants Home: Saw the woman, Bol- ton, soon after the arrival of the Cartha- ginian, about five in the evening; she was in a very excited state, and very unwell. She was removed the next day, but returned last week, very much improved. Her box had been left behind her, and is still at the Home ; the contents have been spoiled. Bolton is capable of giving evidence, but not of sane mind. The surgeon and captain had met Bolton in the witness's office, when Bolton ac- cused them of throwing water on her; the captain did not say anything, but the sur- geon denied it, until Bolton accused them of having thrown the water on her for some re- marks she had made on the conduct of the surgeon, whea they both admitted having done it, but asserted it had been done be- cause she had not done what she was ordered. Cross-examined by Mr. Windeyer : Did not hear anything about the disobedience consisting in her not catching the persons who were making the noise at night. This closed the case for the Crown. The Attorney-General stated, that there were several other witnesses on the back of the information, hut he would not trouble the Court with them. Mr. Windeyer said he should call several of them, and examined the following: Rev. Nicholas Coffey, Roman Catholic clergyman, deposed that he was a pas- senger on board the Carthaginian, he re- collected seeing Bolton brought on deck about some disturbance. She was after- wards brought into the cabin and spoken to about her conduct, when she gave an in- solent answer, but he did not remember what it was. He did not hear of any water being thrown over her till he came on shore. The captain was a kind, gentlemanly, humane man, and always ministered to the wants of the passengers as far as he could. The sur- geon was diligent and attentive to his duties, and prompt in the discharge of them. Cross-examined : Knew Bolton on board ; she appeared to he a moral good character, and a modest well-behaved woman. When brought into the cabin, it was to make on apology to the captain, which she refused to do. He could not see whether she was handcuffed or not; when she refused, the captain ordered her to be taken back again. She was ap- parently a woman of quiet retired habits. Robert Lawler, a cabin passenger : Had seen the woman brought up about ten minutes past eleven on a Sunday night. Bolton was very abusive and insolent, and when told to hold her tongue by the doctor, she said, she would not hold it for him, or any w—e-master like him. Had seen the first witness, who had said to him, yesterday, when he said, if the captain had given him a bed and bedding he would not have gone against him. Bolton was regarded as a quarrelsome, abusive per- son ; she quarrelled with everybody, the captain and mate did their duty on board. Cross-examined : Had dined frequently with the captain and doctor during the last fortnight, and had many a glass of grog with them; the captain and doctor were in general very well behaved on board. Wit- ness left the deck on the night in question about half-past eleven o'clock ; saw only a bucket of water thrown over her, but heard it called for twice ; he knows she was noisy and quarrelsome, but has nothing to say on her character. Farrell had sued the captain at the Court of Requests for a pair of boots, and said, if he had given him a bed and bedding he would not have gone against him, by which, witness understood him as referring to this case at the Police Office, although the Police Office was not named. Mr. Windeyer was desirous of calling some other witnesses, who had been examined at the Police-office, but whose names were not on the information; but the Attorney-General objected, on the ground that he, acting as the Grand Jury of the Colony, had called all the witnesses he considered necessary to make out his case. Mr. Windeyer, in reference to the office of Grand Juror being vested in the Attorney General, remarked, "God send it may soon cease to be so." The Attorney-General considered that he was only doing his duty, and if the re- mark of Mr. Windeyer was intended as any reflection on him or his predecessor, for the manner in which they had discharged the duty of Grand Jurors, he could not suffer it to pass uncontradicted ; he was as well aware as any one, of the anomalous circumstance of the Attorney-General acting as the Grand Jury, but still he could appeal to the Court with confidence as to the manner in which the duty had been discharged. The Court was sure that Mr. Windeyer did not intend any reflection as to the manner in which the duty had been done ; and as to the Attorney-General refusing to call any of the witnesses not on the back of the information, who had been merely examined at the in- vestigation of the case at the Police- office, it was his right to do so, and therefore unless he gave his consent, he would not allow them to be called. The Court adjourned at 5 p.m. Saturday. On the court being opened, the Attorney General recalled Margaret Ann Bolton. By the Court : You said yesterday you were not in a fit state to be taken out of bed?-I was not well, it was usual illness I was under, and did not need a physician. Edward Farrell recalled at the request of the defendants : I heard the captain say, when going down for the women, that he knew their voices. Mr. Windeyer then proceeded to address the Court for the defence, and remarked, that he was placed in very difficult circumstances, as it had been attempted to raise an undue prejudice against the defendant by making the case the subject of much discussion out of doors, and the evidence on one side, that against his clients, had been published ; he therefore implored the Jury to disabuse their minds of any unfavourable impres- sions they might have received from the premature discussion of the case out of doors. With regard to the defence, it was, that the female in question was a woman of such a temperament, that during nine years, from her own evidence, she had never been above a few months in one place ; she was a nuisance and an annoyance to every one on board ; every one was abused, insulted, and annoyed, by her nagging at them. It was evident from the number of females which are confined in the Factory, that there was a much greater difficulty in managing women than men. It was a principle that had been laid down by the Chief Justice in the early part of the week, in the trial of Captain Gordon, that the captain was entitled and bound to preserve peace and quietness on board his ship, and that he was justified in using such means as are necessary to secure the peace and comfort of those on board. He thought that, from the circumstance of her re- fusing to apologise, it was apparent the de- fendant had not exceeded the means necessary to secure this, he thought it was unfortunate for his clients that they had not in fairness been tried separately, as the one could then have given evidence in behalf of the other; he considered it entirely unmade out that more than one bucket full of water had been thrown on her, part at one time and part on another. He also considered that the history of the complainant showed she was of such a turbulent disposition that no one could live near her, as evinced by her conduct at the Benevolent Asylum. The Attorney-General submitted to the Court, that it was not competent for the de- fendant to give evidence of her conduct at the Asylum in answer to the charge. Mr. Windeyer considered, that as the case had been opened by the Attorney- General asking Mrs. Chisholm and Dr. Savage, if her appearance was not now much improved, he would also submit that, as it would be proved that she was insane, the whole of her evi- dence must be struck out. His Honor considered the points as of great importance, and as the other judges were in their room, he would not trust to his own opinion, but would consult them. His Honor then left the Court for a short time, for the purpose of consulting the other Judges. On returning into Court, he stated, that the judges were unanimously of opinion that any evidence the defendants might offer, respecting her turbulent disposition as evinced at the Asylum, with a view to show that her evidence should not be received, was to be rejected, and with regard to her sanity at present only such evidence was to be admitted as went to that point. Mr. Windeyer then continued his address, by remarking, that if he had considered the witness Bolton sane, he would have treated her in a very different manner from what he had done. He considered her labouring under a species of religious insanity, together with a delusive impression that every person was oppressing her, was acting against her, that in fact all the world was combined against her ; she had denied that she had been more than three days in Liverpool, but it appeared she had told some of her shipmates that she had been twelve months confined in a lunatic asylum in Liverpool. He considered that the other side had left the case in a very lame condition, by not calling the six women who had been treated in the same manner as the woman Bolton had been, and concluded by stating, that however they might be delighted and amused with the eloquence of the Attor- ney-General, they were to be on their guard against being persuaded by him of what there was no evidence. He then called Robert Lawson a cabin passenger: Had seen the women after they had been brought on deck after eleven o'clock on a Sunday night. The manner of Bolton was very in- sulting to the doctor and captain. When told to be quiet, she said to the captain she would not be quiet for him, nor any w—e-master like him. After that he saw one bucket of water thrown on her. He considered her an ill - behaved quarrelsome person on board. Be- fore the water was thrown over her, she was told it would be when she defied the doctor. Before they were brought up there was a great noise among the steerage passengers, as of fighting. There was about 210 passengers on board, including about one hundred women. He considered that the captain and doctor had been very attentive to the steerage pas- sengers, and that if they had done less they might have been more thought of. Cross-examined : I am living on board, and dine on board every day. I have been ac- quainted with the captain for a considerable time, and am living with him without paying any board. I was standing on the deck only part of the time when the women were on deck, but was going out and in to the round- house, I did not see all that took place. I only saw one bucketfull thrown on her. I was in the cabin when the water was called for. By Mr. Broadhurst : I am living on board till my brother comes down the country. By the Court : I saw the handcuffs on Bolton; her hands were secured behind her back. Francis Alexander Du Bois, a steerage passenger: Had good reason to recollect Bolton, she was very obstinate, and had the most unmanageable tongue he ever met with ; on the night in question she was the be- ginning of the disturbance, which was heard all over the ship; she had told witness she had been labouring under an asthmatic com- plaint for five years; she had also told him she had been confined for twelve months in a lunatic asylum at Brownlow Hill, in Liver- pool ; she was very idle and would not clean out her berth ; she appeared worse when she came on board than when she arrived here ; he did not see any water thrown on her; seven buckets could not have been thrown on her without his hearing it. Cross-examined : Was appointed overseer on board by the doctor. Witness's wife was present when she told the history of her life, and about her labouring under a complication of diseases, and also about her being twelve months in the lunatic asylum. He never saw her teased by the other passengers. She called herself the Old Maid, or the Cheshire Lady, and was afterwards commonly known by that name on board. Re-examined : She admitted that she ought to have apologised to the captain; but said her spirit would not allow her, and that her spirit had frequently hurt her. He had never seen the lime thrown in the women's eyes to make them rise; witness generally threw the lime on the deck ; the doctor spread it several times By a Juror: When the lime was thrown about it would make one sneeze ; Bolton has frequently abused witness. Cross-examined : There were no lights on board. Re-examined : Did not see the handcuffs on her, but thought her hands were secured before her ; when he saw her she had a jacket over her. Susan Du Bois, wife of the last witness : Saw the women go on deck on the night in ques- tion ; they were all liberated soon after on humbling to the captain. Bolton had told her she had been for years labouring under a com- plication of disorders ; and, before leaving the vessel, she admitted that her health was better on landing than when she shipped ; she had got a place on her arrival, but left it in a day or two after; told witness she feigned ill to get away from it, as she used to do on ship board. Cross-examined : She frequently kept them from sleeping till one or two in the morning by her screaming and quarrelling; she did not know that she was noisy by reason of the others teasing her ; she did not see any of them doing so, but did not see much of her as she was in another part of the ship. Mr. Alexander Cuthill, surgeon at the Be- nevolent Asylum: Knew the woman Bolton, she was received into the Asylum on the 11th April, and was placed in the quietest room in the house; he was decidedly of opinion that while she was in the house, she was sane, and capable of being responsible in any court of law, but he believed that ill usage or continued excitement would produce insanity. She was sane when she came into the house. He never gave the defendant, surgeon Nelson, to under- stand that he thought her insane. He said he thought she was an artful woman, and he thought so still. She left the institution in better health than when she was received into it. Had heard something about her being put into a room where there were rats, which he wished to explain for the sake of the institution. This not being material, was prevented. Ann Chapman, a steerage passenger, gave Bolton a character for being quarrelsome and abusive, particularly on the night in question, when she made a great noise, and prevented them from getting any sleep, until she was taken on deck ; but witness saw nothing that took place, as she was in bed. She considered the captain and surgeon as very humane and kind to the passengers; in one case, a female named Cook, a steerage passenger, had been confined, when the doctor gave up his own berth to her for three or four weeks. The third mate was recalled by the Court : Could not tell in what latitude the ship was when the disturbance took place. Betsy Smith, a female passenger, gave simi- lar evidence to that given by the witness Chapman, but was in bed at the time of the disturbance. Cross-examined hy the Attorney-General: Was a married woman before leaving home ; her husband was here before her. She told them so at Burn's Emigration Office, Liverpool, but believes they entered her as a single woman ; and she came out in a berth among the single women. Lieutenant Her- vey was in the office when the entry was made. Robert Blackwood, a steerage passenger: Saw but one bucket thrown on her, which was the last thrown on her. He heard water thrown before that, but cannot say it was thrown over her. The doctor was speaking to Bolton and telling her to be quiet, before he threw the water on her: but her manner was insolent before he threw one bucket of water on her. The doctor put the handcuffs on her. Several of the by standers spoke of water being thrown on her, and it was spoken of for days after between decks. By a Juror: It was a fine night. Was in his shirt sleeves; his usual clothing during the voyage. Did not remember whether the awning was up or down on the night in ques- tion. Frederick Klaine, a cabin passenger: Had seen only one bucket-full thrown on her, and heard a second called for; but could not say that it was thrown on her. The second might have been thrown on her, but he did not hear the splash. He thought the captain and doc- tor behaved very humanely to all the passen- gers. It was warm at the time when they were brought on deck. Elizabeth Sirkitt, another steerage pas- senger : Was in bed at the time, but saw her the next day going about as usual; she was quarrelling with every one around her; ac- cording to her own account every female on board was a common prostitute except herself. She heard her scream on the windsail touch- ing her, when going up the ladder. Thomas Sirkitt, husband of the last witness : Was between decks on the night of the dis- turbance, and recognised Bolton by her voice, as being one of those who was making the noise. He thought her a very crusty charac- ter ; there were persons of bad repute on board, hut he did not know that her irritability was caused by such characters annoying her. James Hastings, steward of the Cartha- ginian : Had sailed with several passenger vessels, and never saw so much kindness shown to the passengers as was shown by the defendants. The captain was sleeping in the round-house on deck, during the week when the disturbance took place, he having given up his own state bed for the use of one of the female steerage passengers who had been con- fined. Mr. Purefoy : Had known the defendant, surgeon Nelson, for six years ; he was a kind humane man, and he believed him incapable of doing an unkind action to any one. This closed the defence. The Attorney-General commenced his address by remarking, that he had a consider- able task to perform, especially as, in addition to his other duties, he had to sustain the con- tinued vituperation of one of the defendant's counsel with respect to his discharging his duty as the Grand Jury of the country; not content with a little fling at his office, and the duties of it, he had also had a fling at his manner, but however much he might respect his learned friend as an able and zealous counsel, and one whose advice he would place much dependence on, yet he could not adopt him as master of ceremonies ; he, however, could not but doubt the sincerity of the motives which had induced his learned friend to compliment him on his eloquence, as that was most likely done in order to raise expec- tations that could not be fulfilled, being now at the end of the case, he felt it h¡s duty to state, that he did not abate one tittle of his opening statement, as to this being an important case, which would, more than any other which had been tried here for some time, be looked at by the people of Britain in regard to the character and immigration interests of the people of this colony. There was another difficulty with which the present case was bound up, and that was the contradic- tory nature of the evidence; but it was worthy of remark, that although all the witnesses for the defence appeared anxious to fix a quarrelsome character on the female Bolton, they had only spoken generally, for none of them had descended to particulars. He had been taunted about not bringing forward the other females; but they would remember that from the character he had given of these females, that he could not put them forward us re- spectable witnesses. He regarded the wit- nesses Dubois as being entirely unworthy of credit, and the others being the friends and favorites of the defendants, had given their evidence in such a way as most to aid their friends. He regarded the character of the woman Bolton as being truly set forth in the evidence of the Rev. Mr. Coffey, and her sanity was established by the manner in which she had undergone a cross- examination of three hours and ten minutes ; even if she had been as bad as the defendant's witnesses had tried to make her to appear, that could not justify the brutal conduct which the defendants had been guilty of, in dragging her from her bed at midnight while in a state of ill health in her night gown, and her breast exposed to the chill air of night, and while standing shivering in the cold to have her hands roughly manacled behind her back, buckets full of cold water dashed in her breast, which as she said struck to her heart ; after which she was left in that condition on the cold damp deck in a drizzly night in her damp clothing. Mr. Purefoy, a Barrister of the Court, had given one of the defendants a character for humanity ; but it was a damning fact, which all the characters in the world, and all the barristers of Europe could not wipe out or gainsay, that this lone female was subjected to such treatment as must have made those who heard it blush, that men could be found who could be guilty of it. [At this part of the learned gentleman's address there was a most indecorous mani- festation of feeling by many of the bystanders clapping their hands ; order being restored, His Honor expressed his opinion of the impro priety of such conduct in a Court of Justice, and declared his determination to punish most severely any one found guilty of such highly improper conduct]. On resuming his address, the Attorney-General lamented that such improper manifestations of feeling should be exhibited, but at the same time it showed the deep interest which the public took in the exposure of such monstrous proceedings, and of the disgust with which they had listened to the details which had been given in evidence before the Court, he had never heard of such treatment being given to any female even on board a convict-ship, and he did not think that any brothel-keeper would treat a female as this one had been. He then went over the evidence for the defence, for the purpose of showing how far it went to prove the case for the Crown, and concluded by expressing his belief, that he had made out a case of great wrong which had been endured by the female Bolton, and that a gross outrage had been committed on her. It was the duty of the Jury to pronounce the verdict, and of the Court to apportion the punishment. He asked the Jury what would be their feel ing if such a case had been brought home to their own breasts by a member of their own family who was on her way to join them ? What female would leave Britain to take up her residence in this colony if such a case of cruelty and atrocity was allowed to pass with impunity?-If such n case was proved, it ought to be well punished, and if any person allowed those guilty to escape they would only be rightly served if at any future period some of their own friends were thrown on shore here, broken down and shrivelled by the ill usage to which, in consequence of their acquittal of the present defendants, they had exposed them on the voyage hither. The only redress which the defendants had offered was feeing counsel to oome here and express their con- temptuous compassion at her lone and helpless condition. In putting the case to the Jury, His Honor deemed it right to explain, that the present was not a civil, but a criminal proceeding from which the prosecitrix could not derive pecuniary redress ; he also expressed his reprobation of the plaudits which had been shown in Court, and cautioned the Jury against being led away either by clamour or applause : he would not read the whole evidence unless required to do so ; but he would give a general outline of the principal points. He also explained the manner in which the Jury were at liberty to deal with the evidence in applying it to both or either of the counts in the information. With regard to the power of captains and surgeons of emigrant ships there is nothing in the law which authorises them to subject passengers to punishment and correction for disturbances on board their vessels at sea ; their authority extended merely to preserving the peace and comfort of the other passengers; they were merely to repress and keep down outrages. The first question for the Jury was, was the female Bolton of a quarrelsome, turbulent disposition and was she disturbing the peace of the other passengers at the time when the occurrence took place? second,was that assault committed with a justifiable or probable cause? If so, they must acquit the prisoners ; and, thirdly, what was the state of the woman's health at the time-what knowledge had the defendants of it- and how far had they, in repressing the noise, so applied the remedy, as not to injure or endanger her life ? for the law only allowed the use of safe preventives. The Jury retired for about forty minutes, and returned a verdict of guilty on the first count, against both defendants, but not guilty on the second count. Mr. Windeyer submitted, that the usual course was, that persons who had been found guilty of such misdemeanours as his clients, should be admitted to bail and brought up on the first day of term to receive the judgment of the Court. The Attorney-General considered, that the present was a case in which there was nothing to induce the Court to depart from the ordinary course, which was to remand the pri- soners to gaol, until brought up in the ordi- nary course of gaol delivery, to receive the sentence of the court. The Court was desirous, for many reasons, if there was any ordinary mode of procedure in such cases, on conviction of misdemeanour, that such should be followed in the present case, but however that might be, one thing was certain, that there was no one who had listened to the case but must be convinced that a very severe sentence must be passed, so that their being kept in custody until sentenced, would, not at all affect that sentence, whatever it might be. Mr. Windeyer considered, that as his clients were to move an arrest of judgment, that they were entitled to four days to plead, which was the usual practice, and cited the cases of Nichols, Roberts, Andlezark, and several others, in which the parties after con- viction were admitted to bail until brought up on the first day of term for sentence. The Court after consulting Chitty on Crimi- nal Practice, remanded the defendants in custody of the Sheriff until twelve o'clock on Thursday next, when they are to be brought up at the gaol delivery to receive sentence. In the mean time, the defendants' counsel could prepare such afflidavits, &c;, as they might deem necessary, in moving either for an arrest of judgment, or in mitigation of punishment. The Court was then adjourned at half-past six o'clock to Thursday next. The trial appeared to excite great interest, the Court being crowded to excess on both days. IN BANCO. Before the Three Judges. m'.mauex v. m'kellar. Mr. Windeyer moved that this cause should be tried by common jury. Mi. Fisher opposed the motion, on the ground that a copy of the affidavit, on which the motion was made, hud not been served on the opposite party before one o'clock on the preceding day.-A jury moved for last term was refused on the same çround. The rule on the authority of the ca3e cited, wau refused for the present. BROUGHTON V. KYI.VESTEII. In this case a jury moved for, and op- posed on the same ground as that advanced in the above case, was also refused. Mr. Windeyer appeared to support the motion, and Mr. Darvall to oppose it. .oxr.s v. jones. This was au application made by Mr. Windeyer on the part of the above plaintiff, to the Court, (hat ii sum of money now in tha Slier iff s hands should be paid over to the plaintiff, in the above suit. Mr. Michie shewed cause, butas the argu- ment involved conflicting claims of parties to the bum in question, the Court enlarged tim rule until this day, that the Sheriff might by- an affidavit, furnish additional data to their Honors, to guide them in awarding as to which party was entitled to receive the money. DACHE V. IIEBBLEWHITD. This was a. motion for a new trial. The action wa» brought last term, by the holder of a note against a previous indorser. The defence was, that the makers of the note wore Day and Reiel, and that Reid had buen discharged- from all liability. At the trial, the plaintiffs proved that Day had given a warrant of attorney to the plaintiff, and it was also ascot tuinetlthat the warrant of attor- ney was to operate only as a collateral seen* rity. The Judge (Burton) directed the Jury to find for the plaintill' because a release under seal was not proved, nor accord and satisfaction by Reid. i Mr. Windeyer and Mr. Broadhurst now t 'contended thatihere might be parol discharge , ol' an acceptor, mid that the Judge's direction was wrong. j The Solicitor-General and Mr. Fisher contended that it did not follow that becoiisc the plaintiff hud precluded himself from sueing D.iy, that therefore Reid was discharged from liability. Waters v. Smith, 2 vol. of Barn, and Ad. And that as no release under scal^ wa3 provtíd, nor any accord and satis- faction, Mr. Justice Burton's direction to the Jury i.i référence to the subject matter and the facts in evidence, was perfectly correct. The Judges took time to consider of the case. WALSH V. I-ROUT. This was a motion for a new trial. The plaintiffs, in the sittings after last term, had brought nn action for work and lobonr, and material» for the same, supplied in building a bridge for the défendant. The work was done on an agreement that the plaintiff should build the walls of a bridge, at the rate c,f a pound sterling per statute perch. Walsh was to find masons, quarrymeu, and labourers, as well as limo, and-to be paid weekly for the work done in the interval. The defendant was to remove the stone from the quarry to the bridge. The defendant had pleaded a set\ olf for work and labour, and for material*,? The labour mentioned inf the defendant's plea, Was furnished by Mr. Prout to assist the plaintiff's men in executing the work; whereas, according to the written contract, they wet« only to he employed in carrying the stone from the quarry to the work. The plaintiff offered evidence at the trial to show that the Inbour was supplied by the defendant under these circumstances, that, as tho ¿éfen dont's mencouldnotbring the stofte fasteiynig!' from the qiuirty to keen the plaintiff's »non at woik, it was agreed that the plaintiff's men should assist the men qf the defendant in bringing the atono from the quarry, on cou- . dition of the latter, in turn, assisting the plaintiff's men in the performance of the work. This evidence being admitted, the plaintiff hud a verdict. Mi'. Windeyer, for the defendant now moved for a new trial, on the pruunel that the above evidence, varying in terms of the written agreement, should not have been ad- mitted on the trial. Mr. Poster and Mr. Broadhurst opposed the motion, , I New trial refused. \ The Court, after taking another new-îrial motion of Ijtijs interest, »d;onraed it Jlrt« 