\- I. !ii THE SOULS OF THE DROWNED. a legend of the sea. translated from the german, by william henry farn. Onlhe evening of the 29th of October, they observed that luminous appearance of the sea, which bath so often been mentioned by navi gators, and which has been ascribed to such a variety of causes. — Captain Cook's First Voyage. In a fishing village of Holland, hard by the sea, lived an old fisherman, upon whose family and fortunes there appeared . -to rest a peculiar blessiug. He enjoyed in his advanced age, powers still fresh almost youthful, and his children and children's children, a well-ordered little flock, gathered round him for his pleasure and delight ; and there was 110 lack of valuable property, which frugality and good management continually increased. In the village where many an idler and bad neighbour, who envied him his happy life, and put rumours in circulation, in what way the old Andrew had, most iiicely come by his store. It was, then, reported there, that lie was in league with the Evil One ; that the latterbrought him the golden treasures of the deep; or Andrew had been a pirate in his youth, and was now spending the gains of the poor wretches lie had plundered. The whole truth was, however, that Andrew had set free the soul of a poor drowned person from the bottom of the sea, which was a prisoner there, crouching under an inverted vase. The affair was, strictly speaking, as follows. The aged fisher; although he generally made a great secret of it, would neverthe less, in the intimate circle of his children and grandchildren, let fall stray hints, out of winch the others easily made a perfect story. Andrew himself shall be the speaker. " I have not always been so fortunate, as that I could see and reckon around me wealth, property, and affectionate hearts, which might sweeten my days to me. It lias been given to every one of us, to stand once quite alone in the wide world, and to feel himself deserted even to his inmost soul. Heaven suffers us to taste such -solitariness, to the end that we may the more cheerfully attach ourselves afterwards to a dear human bosom, and learn to love God in bis creature, man. My youth had -been lull of adversity and oppression. Sorely too as I laboured and toiled, the reward of toil would not come ; already my back began to curve, and my hair to brindle itself witli gray, yet I saw no luck before me. It was as though I alone was doomed to remain a single exception to the lot of all. Iiowbcit I murmured not. 1 bad early learned to love God, and to put my trust in Him. One evening I went, as 1 often did, out of my but, tar beyond -the boundary of the village, to where the hore stretches to a great distance, and the eye sees nothing but the lonely dowDS and the broad ocean. This was my favourite spot, because there I heard no other sounds than the roaring of the waves, and en countered no gladsome face of man, which might have told me how miserable and "forsaken I was. And I certainly found not a soul to disturb me. " The sea, for a great way out, was calm and glassy ; I had, in fact, never observed it so still before ; no sail and no boat, as far as ever I could descry the sky above perfectly clpudles; the sun, which was setting, threw a gleam of yellowish red upon the sand-hills before me. I walked -on to the place where an old wreck lay : I supported myself against one of its rotten timbers, and comtemplated the scene. In the silence here, my grief now came upon me with' all its force, and, much as I struggled against it, my thoughts took their old accustomed course. " Andrew 1' cried I to myself, c to-day as the day of your patrou saint ; how little has he done towards making you rich and happy ! Last year you buried your wife, ' and a few weeks afterwards your child also. How have yon deserved so much misfor tune ? Had matters turned out differently, you would not have been strolling here by yourself, but have been sitting with those merry fellows in the village, who live there without knowing a care, and have the best of their days before them.' '-'At these thoughts, melancholy got such fast hold on me, that I could fain have wept, but an energy in niv bosom kept back my tears. I could do nothing but once more turn my gaze upon the sea, whose repose and smiling aspect pene trated my soul. The sun went slowly- down, aud a colorless grey began to spread itself over the wide plain, while still long, solitary beams of light trembled here and there, as though they desired to combat the coming spirit of the night. The heavens retained their clear, transparent hue, till they also had filled themselves with deep shades. A gentle breeze sprang up, and cast with an echoing splash small riplets against the body of the wreck. 1 resumed the perpendicular to set about my return home, when my glance fell upon a phenomenon which I could not at the mo ment, understand. For upon the decayed wordwork of the ruinous vessel, there ap peared a luminous flame, that glided to and fro with great quickness, and shone with a bluish glimmering. 1 can affirm that I, during the many perils of my life, had never been conscious of the feeling that is termed fear. Despite, therefore, of my loneliness, and of the already ad vanced night, 1 experienced not the least alarm. I watched with attention the play of the singular flash of fire, and marked, how ever and anon it disengaged itself from the wreck, darted out a tolerable dis- \- tance into the sea, sparkled there with a purer light, and then came back again. I had certainly heard tell that treasures sudIi in the deep might be indicated some times by appearances of this sort ; never theless I felt no desire to dwell upon it further, turned my back, and walked on. " At that moment a voice pronounced my name ; I faced about instantly, and now saw, behind the wreck, a man stand ing, as yet half-screened from view, who looked upon me with an aged, pallid countenance. I knew hitn not, and his vesture was utterly strange tome. He stood for some lime without speaking, and his supplicating eye, with which he re garded me m a fixed stare, 1 shall never forget. At length I cried with a loud and courageous voice, ' What is your pleasure, sir P Wherefore have you called me £' " ' Andrew !' spoke the apparition ; ' thou hast complained but now, that Fortune hath denied thee wealth, . the which I will procure for thee, as soon as thou doest the thing that I require of thee.' " This speech offended me, and I an swered quickly—" Pray, sir, what matter my troubles to you ? If I have wished myself riches, I have not asked you for them." " The wan form perceived my chagrin, and moreover that I struck a cross upon my breast ; he exclaimed, in accents that rang upon the ear as exceedingly touching and impressive ; ' I am no evil spirit, Andrew ; give me your confidence. Take this ring, and about the season of the third midnight dive boldly into the sea to the depth of a gunshot ; there wilt thou find three vases turned topsy-turvy upon the ground ; the middle one lift up, and deliver the soul of a drowned man, which is confined underneath. Then . haste quickly up again, without any tarriance below, and without concerning thyself in the least about what thou shaltseeor hear. W hen thou hast accomplished this feat, be assured that I will richly reward thee, and there never shall be an end of blessing to thee and thine,' " With these words he vanished without waiting tny reply, while he left on the ground before me, something resembling a ring dulled by age. 1 was cautious not to meddle with it. ' Ah !' cried I, ' what are the souls of the drowned to me, I should like to know, who could be stupid enough, to let themselves be cooped under a wieiciieu oiu vase ui uio uuuuin 01 ine sea ? They may stay where they are, for anything 1 care.' " In this mood I walked quietly home, and when the appointed third night came, I stirred not from my chamber. " The year that now followed reduced me still lower ; I lost a small sum of money, which I had saved with much toil ; a distemper broke out on board the ship where I served, and I was laid up for nine months in the hospital ; when they discharged me, I came hither on the beggar's cratch to seek the place of my grave, for I was weary of my life. I know not- how it came to pass, (for I wanted nothing there,) that, one night, I found myself once more on the desolate strand by the sea. It was again St. Andrew's day, but this time the ocean was not calm, it dashed and roared wildly, and the foaming billows made their sport with the old wreck, so that it seemed as if it intended once more to put to sea. I had not stood long here, when the well-known voice became audible, and the old man stood before me. Now I looked him boldly in the face as an old acquaintance. He repeated the self-same proposal as of yore, only appeared much more pressing aud left, on vanishing, the very same ring behind him as formerly. This time I took it up, and put it on my finger, resolving moreovei to perform the bidding of the apparition. " There's no help and no succour for you, Andrew, among men,' said I to myself; ' let us see, then, what ghosts can do.' " Not to be tedious, I came in the middle of the third night and descended into, the water. To this hour, 1 know not how it was, but the deeper I dived into the ocean, the more it ceased to be ocean, and at last I found myself on a handsome verdant meadow, than which I had never beheld anything more lovely and luxuriant upon earth. A great many young men were assembled on the mead, some of whom were mowing the grass with gleam ing scythes, while others tied it together in bundles. They sang moreover a merry chant, in which much was said in praise of a beautiful female, as well as of the re ward which she would dispense to them when their labour was done. According to the admonition of the spirit, I lingered not long among them ; still I could not deny myself scrutinizing the face of many a one, and then it seemed to me as if I beheld several of my own friends and acquaintances, who many, many long years ago, had been drowned at sea. Upon the smooth level stood a house, and as I approached it, a lady of surpassing loveliness came forth to meet me, spread out her arms, and cried, in a sweet, fawn ing tone, c Ah, then you are come at last, dearest, to take me home ! how long have I been expecting you !' " At this speech, compiled with the sight of a form so bewitching, I bad well- nigh forgotten the warning of the spectre ; howbeit I rallied myself quickly, darted under the raised arms of the fair one, and onwards to a place where I saw the three vases standing. In an instant I had thrown down the middle one. I know not what happened to me then ; in' a moment I saw all the young fellows in the meadow rush towards me, the beautilui female uttered a shriek of lament, 1 heard it jarring and ringing in my ears to a stunning degree, and had the feeling as though some one was drawing me 'upwards very fast. AY hen I once more recovered my senses, I found myself on the shore, leaning against the old wreck, bruised apparently in all my limbs. "The good of this was, that the little wan old man kept conscientiously the promise he had given. I found by my side a leathern wallet, such as merchants used to wear a hundred years ago, filled with gold and precious stones. But more still than this treasure was the blessing worth, which, from this time forth, visibly rested on all that I did and undertook. My life was, as it were transformed; if formerly it had presented the rough side, it now showed only the smooth and velvety one, I took, besides, several journeys, next married my beloved wife here, settled quietly in the village, and accepted the good days which H eaven provided me. God be thanked ! they have not yet ceased ; although I reckon me near a hundred, I feel myself still fresh and vigorous, and when young merry fellows collect anywhere, I am among them, reflecting of a truth,howonce there was time when I was shy of every contented face which might put me in mind of my misery and destitution. This is the work ol the good spirit." Now in the same village, where this pleasant adventure had befallen our old Andrew, therelived another fisherman, who was the lasiest, the most dissolute and extravagant fellow, that you shall find in a day's inarch. His face resembled a withered plum, which had been boiled and then crushed ; his eyes must certainly have once belonged to a water-rat ; the diminu tive nose stuck upon his uncouth visage like an almond on a piece of gingerbread ! a beard, that looked like the bristles of a hedgehog, surrounded his gaping mouth, and his legs not much thicker than whip- handles, and not much straighter than a sickle. The people who came to Peter Knock, to transact business with him, must, forsooth, learn from liis wife Martha, " He was unwell, and could not be seen." The truth was, however, that Peter Knock, from early dawn to the late ol evening, lay drunk behind the stove in his hut, and stared at the church-tower of Ghent, until he mistook it for a flask of brandy. In this state of affairs, then Dame Martha took the management of the house, and bore the reputation uf using a sceptre of so ; brittle a texture that it wasted away in the handling. She often used to say that her husband was an old, unwieldy packet-boat, which, on account of too strong lading, could not make way properly ; she, however, was a light-heeled frigate, for which the wind needed only to touch its slender stern, to urge it on its arrow-like career. The truth of this metaphor consisted in this, that Dame Martha looked after the fishing and business in the day time, and in the eve ning, when she came home, soured her husband's life for him ; certain persons would aver, that occassionally she thrashed him soundly. These desagremens embittered Peter's private life. No enjoyment, such as really suited his taste, could any more be found. If he sat in Cornelia Delft's tap-room, it was apt right, in his eyes, for the windows to have view of the sea ; for sea was hateful to him, because he knew that Dame Martha was rowing and fishing upon it : in fact, he could have wished she might lie deep at the bottom of the same, and lie and the fish be at peace froui her. Dame Martha, how ever, was not of that opinion; she had excellent health, and bloomed in her mature years still more, as it seemed, and more visibly Peter Knock declined. Indeed, if that good woman did not very soon oblige him in this particular, I don't know that our Peter had any ill desire to take her place at the bottom of the ocean, so heartily weary was he of the whole affair. Nevertheless the pair held out together another year ; when it happened that, one evening, when the fishing boats ran into the cove, Dame Martha did not find her way home as usual. She had, indeed, a weighty impediment to allege why she could not come, for she lay now, in fact, where Peter had often wished and prayed that she should lie — namely, at the bottom ol the sea. Peter was alarmed, at first, at this sudden caprice, of fate ; presently, . however, he rubbed his hands for joy, slipped into Cor nelia Delft's taproom, made them give him his flask, lighted his small stump of a pipe, stroked his bristly beard upon his lips, shut both eyes with smirking air, and ever and anon leered at the ocean, for the first time in his life, with the most good-humoured expression in the world. For the sea was now his best friend, he thought, in that Dame Martha was lying at the bottom of it, and he and the fish had peace from her. That very evening did Peter run to the lonely shore, and — heaven only knows what came into his head — he seated himself upon the old wreck, flourished his hat in the air, and, with the remaius of a pipe between his lips, he hummed in dreary merriment an old sailor's ditty, which he had once learned in better days. The little black hobgoblin shape, with the shrivelled hands roving about in the air, and the reek ing tube in the bearded mouth, .traced itself, like the image of a shadow, in dark relief against the evening sky and the quiet main. But Peter Kuock did not long remain the only performer upon this solitary stage ; presently there appeared a blue flame, that moved to and fro, and glided round Peter's legs. The story of Andrew now came into his mind. In the joy of his heart, andp the mood to which the flask in the tap-room had transported him, he felt not the least alarm. "Aha, goodsire'' he cried aloud, " are you there again ? what there's another soul to be set free, is there ?" The spirit, who now stood before him, nodded with its head in the affirmative. " Come then, if anything is to be got by it, here's your man. I- have regained my freedom, .and am just in the humour- to make your pockets lighter by a gold sack or so. Look alive then, my hearty, and show ine, as you have shown Andrew, the way down to your snuggery." The phantom made a wry face at this speech, which, evidently, was not very agreeable to him ; without replying any thing, he placed the ring upon one of the staves of timber in front of Peter, and dis appeared. Peter considered not long, pushed it hastily on his finger, and 110 sooner had his foot trod the water than it vanished before him, and he arrived, with out further seeking, at the meadow at the bottom of the sea. Here lie saw, as An drew had described, the young men en gaged in hay making, and singing a song .besides, which celebrated the charms of their mistress, and the reward that she was wont to distribute to them. "Ay;; said Peter to himself, " and if I too could get to see her ! if she be really as pretty as you fellows say, 1 will behave my self differently from the shame-faced An drew." Hardly had he uttered these words, when he saw the house on the greensward before him, and a form stepping out of it, thick as a beer barrel, waddling along upon shot splay feet. Her face resembled the rising moon when, level with the horizon, it shines through the mists in a fiery aspect, and a mouth dilated itself thereupon, armed with immense dog-fish teeth gleaming and white as the purest ivory. With this mouth and her little flashing eyes, she motioned to the stranger a friendly greeting. Peter was exceedingly alarmed, and had only courage to ask iD a gentle voice for the three vases. What !'' shrieked the female, " are you not come to marry me?" "Not just at present, dearest," stammered. Peter, and sidled timidly up to her. At that moment he perceived "the three inverted vessels. With a couple of springs he was up to them ; but now it occurred to him with horror, that he had forgotten to ask the spirit which of the vases he ought to raise. The heatdrops of suspense came upon his forehead, his limbs quaked, he saw the dumpy woman waddling towards him filled with rage, and at her call all the young men collected from the meadow and advanced, blandishing their sickles and scythes. Without reflecting much, he lifted the middle vase ; when there awoke underneath a medly of the chirping of frogs and the crowing of cocks, which sounded for all the world, as though Dame Martha was in her tantrums ; quickly would Peter set the vase up again, but in the hurry and con- fusion it slipped out of his hands. . The din and the screeching robbed him of his recollection, and when he came once more to himsell, he was lying half-dead upon the sand of the seashore. ' An ill-omened 'adventure this, of a surety; for honest Peter Knock was per haps, not exactly the right sort of person to have dealings with spirits ; but the worst of the ivhole affair remains to be told. Scarcely had he rallied his shattered powers and hobbled into the village, cursing the water sprite and his topsy-turvy va.ses, when he beheld, at some distance off, a light glimmering in his cottage. " What's doing there, then I wonder ?" he asked himself, and stealing closer, ap plied his ear to the keyhole of the door. " Who can be talking away at that rate inside? Now really," thought Peter, "if I did'nt know that Dame Martha was lying as dead as a mouse upon the bench against the wall, these scoldiDg words could come from no other than her throat. How ever, there's no harm in a man taking a sly peep into his own house — so let's see ! — let's see 1" What that he opens the door very, very softly, hardly so much as that a ray .of light can settle 011 his nose. But ah ! what does he see ?" The bench against the wall is empty, and in the middle of the room sits Dame Martha, and counts her fish in the tub, as fresh and healthy as if she had never drunk sea-water, and railing besides at that good- for-nothing idler, her husband, who did not let himself be seen yet. When now : the door opened and Peter went in, she received him in the usual way, and everything was quite in the old routine. Dame .Martha's revival soon got wind in the village, and, much as Peter tried to hush up the true version of the thing, the wise acres and prying spirits of the place quickly had it out of him. " It serves him right,' cried many ; " What business had he out of shameless bravado and greediness of gain, to seek out such a perilous adventure ?" Others laughed heartily at him, while they named him as the pattern of a tender husband, who had even descended to the bottom of the sea to recover his beloved wife. Peter, however, used to shake his head, and contend that all his ill-lnck had consisted in a mistake ; for if he had lifted up the vase on the right hand or on the left, he would have inevitably possessed by this time the good will of the spirit of the deep, and have ruled over tons of go. Howbeit, he never had the courage to plan a second trial. The legend, nevertheless, that the souls of those drowned tit sea are imprisoned by evil spirits at the bottom thereof, underneath inverted vases, is a truth which no orthodox sailor doubts. A Fortunate Discovery. — A few days ago a poor labouring man, named Warren, residing at No. 3, Rose-street, Seven-dials, purchased, at a second-hand boot and shoe shop, belonging to a man named William Mason, in Monmouth- street, Seven dials, some bluchers for him self and children, for three pair of which he paid eight shillings. Yesterday morn ing he felt one of his- boots pinch him at the side, and ripping up the lining, for the purpose of removing some hard sub stance that he imagined he felt within, he was most agreeably surprised to find, be tween the side lining and the npper leather, ten five- pound Bank of England notes. It is supposed the boots in question formerly belonged to a miser, named Andrews, for many years a resident in the Dials, and who lately died, leaving property to the amount of several thousand pounds, the whole of which has fallen into the possession of his brother, a mechanic, living in the same neighbourhood. Almanack Makers. — The doer of the famous Francis Moore called upon the editor of a rival almanack, to endeavour to fathom the depths of his mystery. He was cunningly inquiring as to the secret of his calculations, when the other bluntly exclaimed, " I see what you are driving at, Mr. Moore! you wish to know my system. I will tell you what it is. 1 take \our almanack, and for every day that you predict one thing, I predict the very reverse; and (he continued) I am quite as often right as you are/' 