WTN ALL4WMÍHTSV LAST week's Government Gazette furnishes additional proof of the wisdom and admirable tact of Her Majesty's servants in the management of the public lands. A Treasury Notice, dated the 21 st March, gives an account sales of 222 Town Allotments put up to auction on the 1 Oth of the previous month. The allotments thus prudently submitted by Her Majesty's auctioneer to public competition" were as follows: Sydney........ 21 Gunning..'.. ',. 7 Murrimbah... at. 9 Marsland ..-..-. 2 Bungendore.... 23 Broulee.:. 7 66 Career. 12 Appin. Bathurst. 2 Raymond Terrace Mudgee. 1 Carried up.. 146 Brought up... 146 Dungog.- 4 Braidwood. 1 Maitland. 5 Newcastle... s.. 3 Bungonia...... 8 Parramatta. 1 Goulburn-st.. 2 Urdu. 1 ulladulla. 51 222 And how many, pray, out of this long list of freeholds in the future cities of Australia, were actually sold? Just the odd 22, leaving the round 200 to be otherwise disposed of! The abstract of the day's business was Allotments put up. 222 Deposits forfeited. 3 . Withdrawals 7 Sold on remission. 49 > 1 Noofer.141 " Sold bona fide..... 22. \- . - 222 And what may have been the proceeds of this great sale?" The enlightened financiers who manage these things doubtless anticipated " great", results. The upset price of the Sydney allotments alone, as fixed by the Government Notice of 10th December, was 4 Allotments of 54 feet frontage, at £10 per foot .¿62,160 8 Ditto of 66 ditto at life's _ 3,168 2 Ditto of 107 ditto at ditto .. 1,284 7 Ditto of 66 ditto at £5 .... 2,310 21 Total £8,922 Thus, the upset price of the Sydney allotments, if realized!, would have brought nearly at 9,000 ; , while at the moderate advance of fifty per cent., which our sagacious statesmen would expect as the smallest fruit of rival biddings, would have produced upwards of £13,000. The remaining 20 allotments, being in provincial townships, would hardly, we should suppose, be expected to average more than £10 each; this would have given an extra £2,000, making in all more than £15,000. But how much of this respectable sum-total did the auction bring? At least one-half, you would hope. No such thing. One-quarter? No. One-eighth ? No. One-sixteenth ? | No. One thirty-second? No. One sixty- fourth? Exactly! It brought to the Treasury the magnificent contribution of £233 2s. 11d. ! Not enough to pay the expenses connected with the sale, such as surveys, advertisements, records, and correspondence. Out of 222 town allotments, 21 of which were in the metropolis or its immediate suburbs, the Government could squeeze only £233, the chances of the whole batch averaging little more than twenty shillings each! " O ! but," say the officials, < " this was wing to the times'." Well, but were put up? Was it in ignorance of the scarcity of money that you adjusted the upset prices ? "Were you blind to the circumstances of the Colony when you priced the Sydney allotments at the trifling rate of £10 per foot? "We should have imagined that, if from no other source, your own experience in the town allotment trade during the two previous years would have moderated your high-flown expectations, and have taught you discretion in making your preparatory arrangements. Mt. WELLS'S tables, published with the Australian of the 8th ultimo, show that the following facts were already in your possession : TOWN ALLOTMENTS. " . Put up. Sold. Proceeds., 1840 ' , 1072 937 £34, 803' 1841 753 473 7,536 ! Here are four several facts clearly eli ' cidated, which ought to have taught our land-selling authorities a little more wisdom than they appear to have exercised : I 1st. That the chances of the whole number of allotments put up in 1841 were in value less than one-third of those put up in the previous year, the chances of 1840 being worth 622 9s. per lot, and those of 1841 onlyaeiO. 2ndly. That of the number put up in 1810, nearly nine-tenths were sold; while of those put up in 1841, little more than four-sevenths were sold. 3rdly. That the prices netted in 1840 averaged 237 3s. per allotment; while those netted in 1841 averaged only sell 19s., being less than one-half. , And, 4thly. That the entire proceeds of" 1841 were little more than one-fifth of those of the previous year. With these stern facts for their guides, the Government ought to have done one of these two things either to have fixed the lowest possible upset price, so as to have made sure of effecting sales ; or not to have put the lands up at all. If they really wished to sell their mode of pricing was the extreme of absurdity ; if they were indifferent whether they sold or not, they were exposing themselves to gratuitous ridicule, and needlessly trifling with the embarrassments of the people. The GOVERNOR has returned from Pisgah, having been to spy out the promised land of Moreton Bay and so de- lighted is His Excellency with its milk and honey richness, that we understand it is his intention to grace it with the minimum price of £1 per acre ! If so, we wish him joy. His milk will soon curdle his honey will be full of stings. We are told, moreover, that so enchanted is His Excellency with the dark-flowing Jordan, that he means to reserve two hundred feet of water-frontage along all its banks ! If so, again we wish him joy. , His glorious river will prove to him but a Dead Sea. O, the short-sighted policy of these men in office ! They would four act the-port of long- headed bargain-makers, and yet they do not understand, or, if they understand, superciliously despise, the first principles of trade. Their rates of valuation are sought not in the market, where ordinary walks Af forces ft fine tytfírJw* to 2 in tariffs and their standards of miles, but in their own writing-desks, in official despatches, and commissioners' reports! Crown lands, it seems, are a commodity surgeons; exempt from the considerations by which all other commodities are, irresistibly controlled; to be appraised and sold, not according to the wants of purchase is, not according to their capabilities of production, but according to the abstract notions of Secretaries of State and of their humble official instruments." Well, the proof of the pudding is in in-but the proverb is beneath the dignity of the subject. (Time- will show whether official salesmen are to take markets by the board, and to fill their coffers by the flourish of a pen. Nay, time has shewn, and is now showing. The Colonial Treasury is a firing-or rather a dying example of the sound principles of Government trading. Once it was fat and flourishing, fed by a prosperous people, whose interests were consulted by its guardians. And what is it now ? Even like GEOFFREY CUAYSN'S impoverished JOHN BULL : " instead of that jolly round corporation, and snug rosy face, which he used to present, he has of late become as shrivelled and shrunk as a frost-bitten apple." The poor creature is in a galloping consumption, and nothing but a timely change of air, and a total revolution in the system of fiscal dietary, can save it from giving up the ghost. , 