'?'-BARNABY RUDGE. -o CHAPTER XLI. Dolly hugged her 'father 'as has been' already stated, and having hugged her mother also, accom panied both into the little parlour where the cloth was already laid for dinner, and where Miss Miggs, a trifle more rigid and bony than of yore, received' her with a sort of hysterical gasp, intended'for a smile. Into the hands of:f that young virgin site delivered her, bonnet and walking dress (dill of a dreadful, artful, and designing kind), and then said with a laugh, which rivalled the locksmith's music, " How glad I always am to be at home again !" " And-how glad we always are, Doll," said her father, putting back the dark hair from her sparkling eyes,'' to have you at home., Give.mea kiss." . If there hrid been anybody of the male kind there to see her do it-but there was not, it was a mercy., " I.don't like your being at the Warren;'" said the locksmith; " I can't bear to have you out of my sight. And what is the news over yonder, Doll?" " What news there is, I think'you'know already," replied his daughter. " I am sure vou do though." " Ay ?" cried the locksmith, " What's that 1" " Coing, come," said Dolly, "you know very well. I'want you to tell me why Mr. Haredale oh, how. gruff he is again, to be sure!--has been away from home for some days past, and why he is travelling, about (we know he is'travelling because of his'letters) without telling his own niech why or wherefore." " Miss Emmp doesn't want to know, 1'll swear," returned the locksmith, " I don't know that," said Dolly; " but I do at any rate. Do tell me. Why is he so secret, and what is this ghost'story, which nobody is to tell Miss Emma, and which seems to be mixed up with Ihis going away ?, Now I see your know, by your colouring so." " W1at tile story means, or is, or' has to do with it, I know no more. tian you; my dear," returned the locksmith, " except'that it's some foolish fear of little Solomon's, which has, indeed, no meaning in it, I suppose.. As to Mr. Haredale's journey, he goes, as I believe-" Yes," said Dolly. " As I believe," resumed thelocksmitlh, pinching her cheek, " on business, Doll. What it may be,: is quite another matter. Read Blue Beard, and don't be too' curious, pet; it's no business of yours or mine, depend upon that; and:here's dinner, which is much more to thie purpose.' Dolly might have remonstrated against this sum. mary dismissal of the subject, notwithstanding' the sappearance of dinner, but at the.mention of Blue Beard Mrs. Varden interposed, protesting she could 'not find it in her conscience to sit tamely by, and hear her child recommended to peruse the adventlres of a Turk and Mussulman--far less of a fabulous 'Turk, which she consaidred that potentate to be. Site held that, in such stirring and tremendous times as those in which they lived, it would be much more to the purpose if Dolly became a regular. subscriber to the Thunderer, where she would have an oppor. tunity of reading Lord George Gordon's speeches word for word, which would be a greater comfort and solace to her, than ahrundred and fifty Blue Beards ever could impart. She appealed in sup. port of thin proposition' to 'Miss Miggs, then to waiting, who said that indeed the peace of mind she had derived from the perusal of'ihat paper generally, but espeyially of one article of the very last week as ever was, entitled " Great Britain drenched in gore," exceeded all belief; the same composition, she: added, had aleo wrought such a comforting effect o I tihe mind of a married sister of hers, then residen't at Golden Lidn Court, number twenty?sivin, second bell-handle on tile right hand door.post, that being in a delicate state of health, and in fact expecting an addition to hier family, she had been seized with fits directly after its perusal, and had raved of the Inquisition ever since; to the great improvement of her husband and friends. Miss Miggs went on to say that she would recommend all those whose hearts were hardened'to hear Lord George them. selves, whom she commended first, in respect of Iris steady. Protestantism. then of his oratory, then of his eyes, then of his nose, then of his legs', and lastly of his figure generally, which she looked upon as fit for any statue, prince, or angel, to which san-i timent Mrs. Varden fully subscribed. Mrs Varden having cut in, looked at a box upon the mantle.shelf, painted in imitation of a very red. brick dwelling-house, with a yellow roof; having at top a real chimney, down which voluntary subscrib ers dropped their silver, gold, or pence, into the parlour; and on the door the counterfeit presentment of a brass plate, whereon was legibly inscribed " Protestant Association :"-and looking at it, said, that it was to her a source of poignant misery to think that Varden never had, of all his substance, dropped anything into that temple, save once in secret, as she afterwards discovered, two fragments of tobacco.pipe, which she hoped would. not be put down to his last account. That Dolly, sithe was grieved to say, was no less backward' in hier contri butions, better loving, as it seemed, to purchase ribbons and such gauds, than to encourage tie great cause, then in such heavy tribulation ; and that sihe did entreat her (her father she much feared could, not be moved) not' to' despise, but imitate, the bright example of Miss Miggs, who flung her wages, as it were, into the very countenance of the Pope, and bruised his features with her quarter's money. " Oh, mim," said. Miggs, " don't relude to that, I had no intentions, mim, that nobody should know. Such sacrifices as I can make are quitera widder's mite. It's.all I have," cried Migga with a great burst of tears, for with her they never came on by dogrees-" but it's made up' to me in' othier ways; it's well made up." l'This was ejuitetrue, though not perhaps in the sense that Migga intended. As she never failed to. keep her self-denial full in Mrs.'Varden's view, it drew forth so many gifts? of caps and gowns and other articles of dress, that upon the whole the ied brick house was perhaps the.best investment for her small capital she could possibly have hit upon; returning her interest, at the'rate of seven or eight per cent. in money, and fifty at least in personal repute and credit. '. " You needn't' cry, Minggs," said Mrs.'Vsrden, herself in tears; "you needn't be ashamed of it, though your poor mistress is on the same side." Miggs howled at this remark, in a peculiarly dismal way, nnd said shie knowed that master hated her. Thatit was a dreadful thing to live in families and, have dislikes, and not give satisfactions. 'lThat to make divisione was a thing she could not abear to think of,' neither could her feelings let her do it. That if it was master's wishes as shie and him shlould part, it was best they should part, and she hoped he mnight be the happier for it, and always wishes him well, and that he might find somebody as would meist hIis dispositions. It would be a hard trial, shd said, to part from suchi a missis, but she could meet any suffering when.her conscience told her site was in tile rights, and therefore she was willing even to go that lengths. She did not think, she added, that she could long survive tihe separa tions, but, as she was hated and looked upon unpleasant, perhaps her dying as soon as possible would be the best endings for all parties. Wlth tihles affecting conclusion, Miss Miggs shed more tears, and sobbed abundantly. "Can you bear this, Varden ?" saold Iis wife in a solemn voice, laying down her knife andfork,' " Why, not very well, my dear," rejoined the locksmith; " but ILtry to keep my temnper." -' Don't let thiere be words on my account, mim," sobbed Miggs. " It's muchl thre best that we should pastt. I wouldn't stay- ohi, gracious tnel--and .make dissonsions, not for a annual gold mine, and found in tea and sugar." Lest tle reonatder sirnould be at any loss to discover tit'e captse of lissa Mliggs's deep emotion, it may be whisporedr apart that, happening to be ilsteuing, as her c?storn sometimes wnas, wihen Gabriel and lils wife conversedt Irgelthecr,se hn had heard the locnkamith's joke relative to tlhe forceign black whio played tile tambourine, and bursting with the spiteful feelings which the taunt awoke in her fair breast, explgieed in the manner we have witnessed. Matters hiT?ig now arrived at a crisis, the locksmith as usual, and for the sake of peace and quietness, gave i " What are you crying " for, girl.1' lihe said. "What's the matter with you ? What are you talking about hatred for? I don't hate yon ;.I don't. hate anybody-. Dry your eyes and make yourself agreeable, in Heaven's name, and let us all be happy while we can." The allied powers deeming it' good generalship to consider this a sufficient apology on the-part of. ther enemy; and confession of having been in tihe wrong, did dry their eyes 'and take it in good parit. Miss Mliggs observed that she bore no malice, no not to holergreatest foe,' whom she "raher loved the' more': indeed; the greater persecution she sustained. Mrs.' Vaiden approved of this meek and forgiving spirit in high terms, and'accidentallydeclared as a closing, article of agreement, that Dolly should accompany heir to the Clerkenwell branch of the association, that very night. This was an extraordinary instance of'her great prudence and policy; having had thi3 end in view from the first, and entertaining a secret misgiving that' the lockam.i[h (lwho was bold when Dolly 'was in question) "b'llffd object, sire had back-. ed Miss Miggs up to this' point, in order that sihe might have him at a disadvantage. ' The mancauvre succeeded so well that Gabriel only made a wry face, and with the warning he had just had, fresh in' his mind, did not dare to say one word. . The 'difference .ended, therefore, in Miggs being presented with a gown by Mrs, Varden and half.a-.. crown by Dolly, as if she had eminently distin. guished herselfin the paths of morality and goodness., Mrs. V., according to custom, expressed her lhope; that Varden would take a lesson from what had passed, and learn more generous conduct. forlthe time to come ; and the dinner being now cold,' and' nobody's appetite being very iucht impiroved ~ by what had passed, they went oa".with it, as Mrs, Varden said,'" like Christians." ' '.As there was to be a grand parade of the Royal" East London Volunteers that afternoon,' the lock. smith did no more work, but sat down comfortably with his pipe in his mouth, and his arm round his pretty daughter's wiist, looking lovingly on Mrs. V.:. from time to timee, and exhibiting from the crow?d of his head to the sole of his foot, one smiling surface of good humour. And:to be sure, when it was time to dress him in his regimentals, whenuDolly, hanging about him in all, kinds of graceful'winning ways, helped to button and buckle and brush him up, and get him into one' of the tightest coats that ever was made by moital- tailor, he the proudest father in all England. ' " What a handy jade 'it is I" said the locksmilli to Mrs. Varden; who stood by with folded hands rather proud of her husband too-while Miggs held his cap and sword at arm's length, as if mistrusting. that the latter might run some one through the body of its own accord; "buit never marry a soldier,: Doll, my dear." Dolly didn't ask why not, or say a word indeed,", but stooped her head down very. low to tie his sash. "'I never wear this dress,' said honest Gabriel,'. " but I'think of poor Joe Willet. I loved Joe;l lhe was always a favourite of mine. Poor Joel-Deari heart, my girl, don't tie me in so tight.' . Dollylaighednot like herself at all-the strangest little laugh that could be-and'held her head down. lower still. - " Poor Joe I" resumed the. locksmith, muttering to himself; "I always wish lie had come to me." I jht have" made it up between them,' if ihe had.'. I? old John made a great mistake in his way"of cig by that lad ; a great mistake. Hiavo you, 'early tied that sash, my-dear ?" What an ill.made sash it wasl There it was,. loose again and trailing on the ground.' Dolly was' obliged to kneel down, and recommence at the'. beginning. " Never mind young'Willet, Varden," said' his wife frowning; " you might find some one more deserving to talk about, I think." 'Miss Miggs gave a great sniff to the same effect.' " Nay, Martha," cried the locksmith, " don't let us bear too hard upon him. If the lad is dsead. indeed, we'll deal kindly by his memory." ; ~i- ' ' "A runaway and a vagabond l" said Mrs. Varden. Miss Miggs expressed her conmcurrenco as before. "A runaway, my dear; but' not a vagabond," returned' the locksmith in a gentle tone.: "Hlo behaved himself well, 'did Joe-always;- and was a handsome manly fellow. Don't'call him a vaigs bond, Martha," Mrs. Varden coughed-and so.did Mliggs. "'He tried hard to gain' your good opinion' Martha, I. can tell you," said the locksmith smiling,; and stroking his chin. " Al I that he did;:; t seems but yesterday that he followed me out to tlie' Maypole door onenight, and begged me not to say` how like a boy they used him- say here, at home,: he meant, though.at the time, I recollect, I didn't understand.. 'And how's Mliss?Dpolly, sir 1'. says Joe," pursued the locksmith, miring sorrowfully. " Ah I Poor Joel" " Well, I declare," cried Migg. ' "Oh I Good. ness gracious me!" " What's the matter now "V' said Gabriel, turning sharply to her. " - , t " Why, if here an't Miss Dolly," said the hand maid, stooping down to look into her face, " a giving way to floods of tears. 'Oh, mim I oh, sir.. Italy it's give me such a turn," cried the susceptible damsel, pressing her hand upon. her side to quell the palpitation of her heart, " that you might kndck' me down with a feather." The locksmith, after glancing' at Miss Miggs as if lie could have wished to have a feather brought straightway, looked on with a broad stare .while' Dolly hurried away, 'followed by that sympathising young woman: then turning to his wife, stammered: out, !.Is Dolly ill! ' Have I done anything i Isit - my fault ". "Your fault I" cried' MraN".V: reproachfully "There-you had better minake liaste out," ' ' a " What have I donle?" saild poor Gabriel. " It was agreed that Mr.'-Edward's name was neverto be mentioned, and I have not spoken of hini, hlave Mrs. Varden merely replied that she .had. no patience'wish him, and bounced off after the other': two. The unfortunate 'locksmith wouiid.' hisesah' about himn, girded on his iword, put on his cap, and walked out . . " I am not much of a dab at my exercise," lie: said under his breath, " but I shall get into fewei" scrapes at that work than at this. Every man came:: into the world for somethltng; my department seems' to be to make every woman cry without meaning it.' It's rather hard I" But hie forgot it before he reached the end of. tbh'e, street, and wont on with a shining face, nodding to the neighbours, and showering about hris friendly: greeting. like mild spring rain. (To he rohtinued,) CHINRse NOTION OF 1,'GOLAND,.-'' A Chinese treatise on geography contains the fol. lowing description of England :-" Thes kingdom of Yigkehlis (England) is a dependant or trib'lrery: state of IIlan (llolland) ' Their garments, and manners in eating and drinking, are tihe same. The males us tmuch cloth, and like to drink wine. The females, before imarriagei, bind the waist, ibeing desirous to look slender. Their hair hangs in curl. over their necks; they use a shaort garment and petticoats, but dlresas in a larger clothl wlhen they go ont. 'I'Thley take snuff out of boxes made of gotl and thlreatds." This is a lit parallel to tIre account piveno of our country by the Greek monik Mlnlalus, in tit Paschlal Chroenicle :r-" Ilriti is ai ciry'built Iy Olaudius Cmsar on, thie lrders of tlhe oceanii I" LPT'T'RAntCIIts's OPINION Ot' MONF.Y.-? lie who expands it properly, is its master; hie who lays it up, its kteper; hIe who loves it, a fool; hIe whli fears it, a' slavt; ;antI IIe who aldores it, an idolater. 