COLON HAL POLITICS.- THE OLD STORY; ok, taxation without representation ! Second Edition, Corrected and Improved. PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY. What a liberal Government we Botany Bay-people have the happiness to- live under ! They won't give us a right Colo nial Parliament' that we may take care of our own-public money — that, it seem3, the fifteen can do themselves — 'but they will give us a baker's dozen, if we choose, of little contemptible district parliaments, that we may have the singular pleasure and ad vantage of spending as much more of our own money in addition as we please. It is a liberal offer, to be sure, and it strongly reminds us of good old Izaak Walton's di rections " How to bait a hook with a live frog to catch pike." " Sew up his mouth," says the; tender-hearted old angler ; and then, with your needle and silk thread, stitch his ' leg to the hook, and use hint as though you loved him ." Now, our lords and masters in Downing-street have cer- tainly " sew-eu up our mourn aireaay ; tor it seems we are not. to have a syllable to say in the management of our own affairs, as British Colonists, for we don't know how long yet ; and his Excellency the Governor is now, it seems; "withhis needle and silk thread, stitching our leg to the hook" of his new Police and Roads Bill, " using us," of course, " as .though he loved ;us." And, doubtless, when the scientific operation has been duly ' gone through, his Excellency will'say, with a degree of self-complacency, " What an excellent bait for catching .Colo nial pike or gudgeon !" In sober earnest, we. should be as voracious as the former of these animals, and as stupid as the latter, to be caught by any such bait as his Ex cellency's new Police and Roads Bill. . Not that we have much to say against the principle of the Bill. The Bill is well enough, for anything we can see in it ; but, as Dr. Dousterswivel says, this is neither the times nor rthe places" for having any thing to do .with such a bill. Our reason for thinking so we shall state in the following anecdote:— A wealthy old manufacturer, Who resided in the city of Glasgow, about the commencement of the present century, had seven daughters, to each- of whom, it was:currently reported, he was to give ten thousand pounds as lier marriage-portion. Now, a gentleman who had just commenced , business in Glasgow abbut that time, natu rally .thinking that such a portion with a wife would be a very handsome addition to liis available capital, and finding one of the young ladies .sufficiently agreeable, settled the. preliminaries of a matrimonial alliance with her in the usual way. On coming to terms, however, with. the old gentleman, lie found, to his extreme mortification, that the .Ten Thousand Pounds were:not to :be payable, during the father's lifetime ; and this unfortunately altered the case so much in the estimation of the ardent speculator, that lie broke off the malch immediately, telling the _ old gentleman — pardon us, ladies, for we are only reporting the case- — that he might keep his article." Now we are precisely in the situation of this rude man of business. It is the ten thousand pounds— the real genuine Colonial Parlia ment, the regular House of Assembly-- that we want; and in default of this, we must jus J be plain with his Excellency,, in regard to his new Police Bill? and tell him that " he may keep his article." The truth is, his Excellency and the rest of the fifteen have got themselves into the well, in re gard to tlie Revenue and Expenditure of the Colony ; and they wish, like the fox. in the fable, to make the unfortunate Colonists their he-goat, that they may mount upon his back and climb out by his horns. It Won't do, however ; and we shall state the reasons why, as briefly as possible, joking apart. 1\. In the first place, then, we cannot but regard. the proposed offer of something like representation to the Colony, by the Local Government and Legislative Council' with, great suspicion. 'As Hamlet says of the ghost,. > It comes irr such a questionable shape That we tn.ust speak to it. In short, as another poet says, -Timeo Danuos, et dona fermtes. I dread theseG reeks — I dread their presents too. f Eor what, is the sort -.of present these Cofonial Greeks are proposing to make us ? Why, instead of paying the Police estab lishment 'of the Colony in future froni the produce of the indirect taxation, of the Colony, over which the Legislative .Council have at present the exclusive controul, they are going to shift over the whole burden of that establishment upon the Colonists, as it forip s a very large item of the general ex penditure, and to allow the Colonists to tax themselves .to pay for it. But will the Colonists have anything to say in future in the management of the revenue arising from indirect taxation if they accede to such an arrangement? By no means. By that arrangement the Legislative Council would, doubtless, be relievedin .no small de gree of their present embarrassment, in pro viding something like tolerable government for. the Colony with a revenue which is daily becoming less and less adequate to meet its enormous and constantly increasing expen diture ; and they would thus be enabled to go on a few years longer than they otherwise could on the. present rotten system. But the Colonists would only gain a loss by the bargain; for the period of their obtaining responsible Government would thereby be orily indefinitely postponed. But some ot our readers will perhaps ask us "Do you really desire to see the 'Co lonial Government embarrassed?" And we have no hesitation , in replying, " Deci dedly we do we have no hesitation in acknowledging the fact. It is our earnest desire to see the immortal fifteen hard up — brought to a dead-lock — -unable. to get o,n a year longer ; for we have no expectation of any improvement in the system, as far, as they can help it, till such a consummation arrives. The great remedy for misgo'vCrn- raent under the British Constitution, is to stop the supplies. This immediately brings I the most arbitrary minister to his senses, and ensures a change of men. and measures. Now the only way in which ,the people of this Colony can at present avail .themselves of this constitutional check upon misgovern - ment is to refuse ,the boon , forsooth, which the Local. Government are now offering, them, in their, new Police and Roads Bill; for it ;is quite evident, from ithe device 'which that bill, so artfully conceals upder ithe plausible offer of Local Representation, that if the proffered arrangement is not at'-. cepted,! the supplies will be stopt; at Head; Quarters a great deal sooner than if it were. In . short, it is not the embarrassments of the people as a Colony, but the embarrassments of the Council as a system of government, that this bill is intended to relieve. It is a sleeping draught which, if the patient take, it wijl be very difficult indeed to awaken him to a proper sense of his servile and op pressed political condition for years to come. Let the Colonists therefore submit to suffer a year or two longer, by doing with such roads and such police establish ments as they have had for more than fifty! years past, rather than purchase immediate! improvements in either of' these depart- ; ments on such disadvantageous terms.! When the Imperial Parliament laid a tax ; on tea in the American : Colonies previous to the revolution, the American Colonists ; refused to use the article altogether, and a! number of young men accordingly went on ! board tlie first v.essel that arrived after the imposition of the tax,; and emptied out her whole cargo into the . harbour of Boston j This, perhaps, was going too far ; but the point for our imitation was the self-denial of the American Colonists in denying them- 1 selves an indulgence, the use of which would! have implied their own political degrada- ' tion. In like manner let us denv ourselves the benefit of a better police.establishment, and better roads for a time, as it is evident that -the enjoyment of these indulgences, (which, besides, we should have to pay for out of our own pockets,) would only pro long the system of Taxation without Repre sentation for an indefinite period. In short, although we have no objections to the prin ciple of the Bill, as far as its objects, and tlie mode ,of working .these objects out by a system of district representation, are to be understood by that expression, we do object strongly to its principle, as far as that ex pression may be understood to imply the Government objects it is -intended to serve, and its probable bearing on the great ques tion of Representative Government for the whole Colony In the latter sense, the principle of the bill may be most . accurately expressed in tlie .quaint language of .the old angler— " Sew up their mouths— stitch their legs to the hook! ; but by, all means, use.them as though you loued.them." 2." In the second' place, we object to this bill because the Police Establishment of the Colony being required chiefly for the restraint and correction of persons who have originally come -to the Colony as convicts, the expense-pf it ought decidedly to be one of the very last items .of the Public Expenditure that.should be thrown upon the .direct taxation .of the Colony. If there is any branch of the public service that ought .to be supported exclusively from the duties on imported spirits and the licenses to sell r,um> surely it is the Police Establishment of the Ccjilony : if it is the duty of the government to provide any thing for the' benefit of the public at all in a convict colony, surely it is constables and watch-houses. . Again, if the Colony is to be divided into districts for the purposes of local taxation, let the Colonists in these districts be required to tax themselves for something positive in the way of improve ment, andmot for something merely negative in the way of restraint and coercion In other words, let them be taxed, for the maintenance of schools and schoolmasters, and not for that of watch-houses and petty constables. Even the degenerate "Jews in the time of our Saviour would not allow the price of blood to be thrown into the Public Treasury, to be appropriated for the common purposes of government. They purchased a burial-ground with, it for the interment of poor foreigners. .-i. " " ' But o.wr paternal Government takes " the price of Colonial blood"— the duties on spirits and spirit-licenses— for the sup port of Churches and Schools, and pro poses to leave the payment of gaolers and thief-takers to voluntary taxation ! — . Monstrous Let the process then1 be re versed by all means — -let the Government devote the whole of " the price of blood- revenue" to the maintenance of the Police and Gaol Establishments, and let tlieifl throw the support of Schools and Churches . - , directly upon the people ; empowering the latter, in their respective District Parlia ments, to tax themselves first for Schools, and then for Churches, if they think proper. It is true, in the slang of certain modern . Writers of great pretensions to superior sanc tity, it is customary to style the clergy the spiritual police of the country ; but we abo-. minate all such phraseology, first because it is a manifest and unwarrantable degra.- ; datum 'of the sacred office to characterize; it by any such term, and secondly, becauSb the term is obviously used for the despi- - crible purpose of proving that the clergy'We entitled to' a part of the Police fund— ihe fund raised by the Government, as the, price.-, , of blood," for the restraint and coerciqn!;of rogues and vagabonds ! ! ! 3\. In the thiid and last place, we are , s.troqgly of opinion that .the Colony ought i not to accept either Town Or Country: Mu nicipalities from our present Legislative i Council. .We want a much greater degree ; both of intelligence' and patriotism .than. 1 that Council can boast off ' to give us the model of Corporations for this whole Co lony. Errors in tins matter might after- j wards be exceedingly difficult to correct, . and .of most injurious operation- ;andit were decidedly much better, therefore; to wait for such petty Corporations,' till we get the large one we stand so much more iin need off a House of Assembly. That .House, and not the present ,Co.uncil,.will he the legiti- m ate source of all subordinate . Colonial Corporations ; and let his Excellency, there fore, not think of putting , the cart -before the horse, or bringing the children' in to the world before their parent. - Should the Government persist, notwith standing, in forcing a measure,1 which,' for the reasons we have stated, is, so .' evidently and so strongly objectionable, Aye vore de cidedly of opinion that there pugjrtitp .be p, Public Meeting held in Sydney tpcBtfou against it immediately. Let tKqGbWorit. ment be taught that as British Colonists, unjustly deprived of our rights, and subjec,- ted, by mere physical force, to the arbitrary rule of men in whom we can have no con- fidence, and- for whom, as legislators, we can have no respect, we are tqo old how to be — i. Pleased with a rattle, tickled with a stfaw. No, no ! We must have liber ty of speech. We cannot allow the authorities either here or at home, to "sew up our mouths" any longer. They don't " use us as fhough they loved us" — that is quite plain, notwithstand ing Sir George's new Police and Roads Bill ! . . . 