Bee-Hive. Cull'd from every flower that grows. Rather Sarcastic. — M. Lnndale dined one day at the house of Rocamier, the banker ; lie was seated between the celebrated beauty, Mudame Renamicr, and Madame de Stael, equally distin- guished for her wit. Wishing to say something agreeable to the ladies, the astronomer exclaimed, " How liappy am I to be thus placed between wit and beauty." " Yes, M. Lalande," sar castically replied Madame de Stuel, " and without possessing either. Americanism. — A contemporary says, that transcendentalism is the spiritual cog- noscence of psychological irrefragibilily, connected with concutient ademption of incoluminent spiritually and etherealised contention of subsultory concretion. The Duke of Wellington's Foreign Orders of Knighthoon, — His grace is Knight Grand Cross of the (Austrian Order of Maria Theresa, Knight of the (Danish) Order of the Elephant, Knight, of the (French) Order of the Holy Ghost, Knight Grand Cross of the (Portuguese) Order of the Tower and Sword, Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Prussian Eagle, Knight of the first class of the (Russian) Order of St. George, Knight Grand Cross of the (Sardinian) Order of the Annunciation, Knight of the Order of the Bue Crown of Saxony, Knight of the (Sicilian) Order of St. Januarius, Knight Grand Cross of the (Sicilian) Order of St, Ferdinand and of Merit, Knight Grand Cross of the (Spanish branch) Order of the Golden Fleece, and Knight Grand Cross of the (Swedish) Order of the Sword. Affectionate. — A Connecticut Jona than, in taking a walk with his dearest, came to a toll-bridge, when he honestly saio, alter paying 111s toll (wincn was one cent), " Come, Suke, you must pay your own toll, for just as like as not 1 shan't have you arter all." Freemasonry. — The Jews have a tra dition which is preserved in the Gemera, along with the above legends respecting our Foundation Stone, that in the latter days, when the covenant shall be com pleted by their restoration, the temple will be re-built on Mount Moriah, in a style of magnificence which shall greatly exceed that of the Temple of Solomon ; and instead of hewn stone, its wall will be constructed of polished jasper, ame thyst, carbunicle, onyx, crysolite, sardo nyx, and other precious stones: with gales of pearl, walls of jasper, and orna mental decorations of old and ivory, and enlightened by the glory of God. At the dedication of this gorgeous edi fice, a grand banquet will be prepared, consisting of every delicacy the world can produce. A leviathan, purposely fattened for the occasion ; a female be hemoth of exquisite flavour, and the bird barinchne, a species of bird now extinct, if ever it had outstretched its wings, are of such vast extent as to obstruct the sun's rays — are named amongst the pro visions of this august feast. Wines from the vaults of Adam and Enoch, pre served miraculously from the time of those patriarchs, so that its flavour in creases in richness every age, will be produced in quantities which cannot be exhausted; and all virtuous and worthy Jews, from the time of the deliverance of their forefathers from Egyptian bondage, will be summoned from their graves to be present at the dedication of the temple, and 'partake of the feast, which will be attended with a worship more pure and spiritual than anything that had ever been practised under any dispensation from the creation of the world. — Rev, Dr. Oliver, D. D, Purifying Water.- — Four or five drops of vitrolic acid, put into a large decanter of water, are said to make the noxious particles deposit themselves at the bottom, and render the water wholesome. Newspapers. — Every thing under heaven increases in price except news papers. Beef and pork, flour and butter, sugar, lea, and coffee, salt fish and onions, dry goods and wet groceries, fuel and rent, buck wheat and wash women, are all advanced in price. But the newspaper, that most indispensable and no getting-along-without-it article — the sum and substance of man's existence, remains in statu quo. And yet there is 110 one thing, not even steam-boats, that keep up with them in the march of im provement. Tlicy are constantly im proving in size, appearance, and talent — but as to price, the only improvement there is upon the cheaper system, and goes to benefit the reader. We have seen a man charge two dollurs and a half for an article, the construction of which probably occupied some bungler half a day, and at the same moment grumble at a printer's charge of two dollars for a year's paper, which, when bound up, would make a volume of news, ofincident aridol'mornl, interesting and instructive miscellany, that 110 book seller would dispose of for less than twenty times the amount. — American Times. 