THREE LECTURES On the Impolicy and Injustice of Religious Esta- blishments in the Australian Colonies ; delivered in the School of Arts, Sydney , in the month of April , 1842 ; by John Dunmore Lang, D. D., Minister of the Scots Church, and Principal of the Australian College , Sydney, and Honorary VicePresident of the African Institute of France, LECTURE I. SKETCH OF THE HISTORY OF RELIGIOUS ESTABLISHMENTS IN EUROPE. The object of the following Course of Lectures is to demonstrate the Impolicy and Injustice of Religious Establishments in these Australian Colonies. The question of the policy and justice of Religious Establishments generally is a very wide one, and one that may be consi dered under a great variety of aspects. It is the more necessary, therefore, to state precisely- the question for discussion on the present occasion. You are all well aware then that while certain persons of almost all Christian communions maintain that there ought to be an intimate connection or alliance be tween Church and State, and that it is the bounden duty of the Civil magistrate to support the profession of religion in some form or other from the Public Treasury, ihere are other persons, of all these com munions also, who maintain that there ought to be no such connection, and that such' a connection is unscriptural and sinful. Now this is doubtless a very interesting and important question, and one well-deserv ing of a long and serious discussion. But it is not the question we are now called to dis cuss. The body of professing Christians to which I have the honour to belong maintains the lawfulness of such a connection in certain circumstances , and can see nothing either unscriptural or sinful in it. Nay, it bo happens that there is not a single organized body of professing Christians at this moment in this Colony that holds any other principle. The Episcopalians are the most numerous body of professing Christians in New South Wales, and the Episcopal Church has existed as a civil establishment since the founding of the Colony. The Roman Catholics rank next in point oi number ; and although it is said they have refused an endowment in Ireland, they have neverthelss had one here for the last twenty years. The Presbyterians are the next largest in numerical amount, and their clergy have, in like manner, been supported by the State for seventeen years past. The Methodists come next, and they too have enjoyed the benefits of a Religious Establishment, on precisely the same terms as the denomi nations I have enumerated, ever since the passing of the General Church Act, placing all religious denominations in the Colony on the same footing as to Government support, in the year 1836. Nay, even the Inde pendents and Baptists, who are commonly understood to be the sworn enemies of the principle of a religious establishment at home, have not objected to that principle here; the Independents haying accepted as sistance from the Public purse for the erection of their chapel at South Head, and the Bapists having received similar assist ance for theirs in Sydney. Now, as a single instance of this kind is sufficient to deter mine either the adherence or the non- adherence-of any individual body to a great principle, no Independent or Baptist in this Colony who either directly or indirectly consented to receive the assistance afforded by the Government in the cases referred to can ever consistently maintain either the unlawfulness or the antiscriptural character of the principle of a Religious Establish ment. The question, therefore, of the lawful ness of an Ecclesiastical establishment in the abstract — the question as to whether such an establishment is defensible on scrip tural principles or not — the question as to whether it is either allowable or sinful — is not the question in this Colony. Episco palians and Roman Catholics, Presbyterians and Independents, Baptists and Methodists — have all admitted that there is nothing positively sinful in an alliance between Church and State ; that it is not contrary to Scripture-rule for a minister of religion to receive a salary, or for a community of professing Christians to receive assistance for the erection of a place of worship, from the Public Treasury. Individual members, doubtless, of all these communions may be of a different opinion, and may hold the alliance of Church and State to be unscriptural, un lawful and sinful ; but no organised body of professing Christians of any communion have yet maintained any such principle in this Colony. The Apostle Paul, however, lays it down as a maxim in Christian polity, that al though " all things are lawful, all things are not expedient." There are many things that may be done without contracting guilt, without committing sin, but which there may be, nevertheless, a thousand good and valid reasons for not doing. For example, there is nothing either in the law or prac tice of Christianity to prevent every unmar ried person, whether male or female, in this Colony from taking an oath of celibacy, and acting up to it in future : there is no law on the subject, and " where there is no law, there can be no transgression." But you will all perceive that although this might be lawful, it would be anything but expedient. There are a thousand good and valid reasons against it, and these rea sons may amount, in the estimation of all persons of common sense, to a real although virtual prohibition. In like manner, Epis copalians, Presbyterians, Roman Catholics, Methodists, Baptists and Independents in this Colony, have all, in their turn, recog nised the principle that there is nothing positively sinful in receiving the money of the State for religious purposes ; or, in other words, that an alliance of Church and State is lawful in certain circumstances. But the question still remains — Is such an alliance expedient in this Colony? Now there may, perhaps, be just as many good and valid reasons against such an alliance, as there are why every unmarried person in this Colony should not forthwith take an oath of celibacy, and become a monk or a nun. In short, although, looking at the past practice of the different religious bodies I have enumerated, there are evidently no voluntaries dejure in this Colony, there may nevertheless be in all these commu nions many voluntaries de facto — there may be none who maintain the Voluntary Sys tem on the principle of Christian law, but there may be many who maintain it on the principle of Christian expediency. In prac- tice, however, both of these parties are at one. Now, it is my intention to demonstrate the inexpediency — using the word in the sense in which it is used by the Apostle Paul — of any alliance between Church and State in these Colonies — 1st, From a rapid sketch of the History and Results of Reli gious Establishments in Europe ; 2d, From an equally rapid sketch of the History and Results of the System of No Religious Es tablishments in America; and 3rd, From the peculiar circumstances of these Colo nies. On the last of these topics, indeed, I propose to take higher ground, and to shew, from the peculiar circumstances of the Australian Colonies, that a religious establishment in these Colonies is not only unnecessary and impolitic, but positively unjust and oppressive. It is allowed on all hands, that during the first three centuries of the existence of the Christian Church — the three best, perhaps, in its whole history — there was no religious establishment. For three hun dred years after the birth of Christ, no Christian minister of any grade, or in any country, ever received a farthing from the State. On the contrary,, Christianity had then to struggle for existence with the gods of Greece and of Rome — with the gods of Asia, of Africa, and of Europe. But in this memorable struggle it had uniformly the victory : insomuch that, in the memo rable language of Caesar, it might have been said of Christianity in reference to her short, but sharp contest with all these heathen divi nities, even before the close of the first cen- tury of the Christian era, Veni, vidi, vici — "I came among them ; I looked upon them ; I conquered them all !" The fishermen of Galilee and the men of a kindred spirit whom they sent forth, over the length and breadth of the Roman empire, to proclaim the glad tidings of salvation through Jesus Christ, had to struggle with the principali ties and powers of an empire strong as iron, and that had successively extinguished every opposing power in the civilisedvorld, and caused its imperial banner to float tri umphantly, and, in the fond estimation of the poets and orators of the period, to float for ever over the whole of Europe, over a vast portion of Asia, and over a far larger extent of Northern Africa than is yet known to Europeans. But in this appa rently unequal struggle, Christianity proved victorious ; and "the blood of the" ten thou sand "martyrs," who fell successively in that glorious struggle, became, in the lan guage of the Christian fathers, "the seed of the Church," and produced right speedily a plenteous and glorious harvest : for, al though a medal was ostentatiously struck, towards the close of the last heathen perse cution, in the reign of the emperor Diocle- sian, shortly after the commencement of the fourth century, with the following in scription, Nomine Christianorum deleto ; that is, " In honour of the utter extinction of the Christian name," — within seven years thereafter, when an edict was published by the emperor Constantine, granting tolera tion to the Christians, the whole Roman empire was suddenly covered with their churches. Such were the undoubted triumphs of the Voluntary System during the first three centuries of the Christian Church ; and these, it is universally acknowledged, are the ages to which we refer exclusively when we wish to speak of the Christian Church in the most vigorous and healthy and holy and glorious state it ever exhibited on earth. In short, it is a libel upon our holy religion — it is an insult upon the common sense of mankind — it is a gross and impudent false hood, which the history of these three cen- turies belies--to say that Christianity cannot subsist in the world without State-support. It not only subsisted, it subjected the whole Roman world without such support; and no sooner did it obtain that support than its youthful energies were suddenly para lysed — its beauty passed away, like a morning-cloud, and its glory departed! The result of this sudden and remarkable change of circumstances is thus described by Mr, Hallam,, the able and judicious his torian of the middle ages ; (for I prefer quoting the testimony of an intelligent and unprejudiced layman to that of any ecclesi- astical historian of any communion :) "The liberality of Constantine and- his successors set an example which did not want imitators, Passing rapidly from a condition of distress and persecution to the summit of prosperity, the Church degenerated as rapidly from her ancient purity and forfeited the respect of future ages in the same proportion as she acquired the blind veneration of her own. Covetousness became almost a characteristic vice of the clergy." In illustration, of the covetousness of the clergy and the rapid corruption of the Christian Church under Constantine and his immediate successors, Mr. Hallam adds : "Many of the peculiar and prominent characteristics in the faith and discipline of these ages appear to have been either introduced or sedulously promoted for the . purposes of pious fraud. To these purposes conspired the veneration for relics, the worship of images. the idolatry of saints and martyrs, the religious inviolability of sanctuaries, the consecration of cemeteries ; but above all the doctrine of purgatory and masses for the relief of the dead." Such then was the result of the rapid, transition of the Christian Church from a state of persecution on the part of the Civil Government, to a state of alliance and incorporation with the Empire. It is worthy of remark, however, to use the. words of Mr. Hallam, that " the ecclesi astical hierarchy never received , any territorial endowment by law, either under the Roman Empire, or the kingdoms erected upon its ruins." The fixed revenues of the clergy were then derived either from estates . conferred upon the Church in all parts of the Empire both by the emperors themselves and by private individuals, or from the revenues of the Heathen temples under the ancient Pagan Establishment of the empire, which were thenceforth transferred to tho Christian Church by Imperial edicts, just as the property of the Romish Church in England and Ireland was transferred by act of Parliament to the Protestant Epis copal Church at the Reformation. But there was nevertheless a real and most intimate alliance between Church and State under the Roman empire, from the era of Constantine downwards ; for in the first as sembly of the bishops or clergy of the period, that emperor addressed them as follows : " Be you bishops for the internal government of the Church, and I shall be bishop for its external." And it was unfortunately but too evident in the sequel what Constantine in tended by this declaration ; for banishment, imprisonment, and death, were thenceforth the civil penalties of ecclesiastical disobe dience, that is, of non-compliance with tho views of the Church-party in alliance with the State. The bitter consequences of this alliance were speedily apparent in the violent con vulsions which it soon occasioned through out the whole extent of the Roman empire. Almost immediately after the conversion of Constantine, Arius, a presbyter of the Church of Alexandria, in Egypt, broached what has since been denominated the Arian heresy; denying the supreme divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ.. Now, had there been no Civil Establishment; of religion at the time in the Roman empire, this heretic would have been tried and excommunicated as a matter of course, and his heresy would, in all likelihood, have died a natural death, like the thousand other heresies of a similar kind that arose and disappeared during the first three centuries of the Christian Church. For the truth is mighty, and will ultimately prevail over all heresy. But the Church, unfortunately, was now in alliance with the Empire, and the Emperor was persuaded by his spiritual counsellors that, it was' necessary for its peace and preservation to interpose with the strong hand of power to put down the pestilential heresy, or, in other words," to have an Act of Uniformity passed and rigorously enforced against all 'recusants. Tins demonstration of armed hostility naturally fanned the heresy into a flame, and not fewer than twenty-two "bishops openly embraced it. For the purpose of putting it down effec tually, however, the first 'General Council of the -Church was summoned by the Ern- peror, and held in the year 325, in the city of Nice in Bithynia the Emperor Con- stantine himself acting as President. And so much was this Ecclesiastical Council re garded by the Government of the period as a matter of State-policy, that the expenses of the clergy travelling to and from the Council, as well as of their residence in Nice during its proceedings, were defrayed from the Imperial Treasury. The Arian heresy was almost unanimously condemned at this Council — a proof that no assembly of the kind was necessary on the occasion — and its adherents delivered over to the se cular power; by which they were forthwith sentenced to banishment. This then was the firtft Act of Uniformity passed in the Christian Church-; and Arius, the arch-he- retic, was, in virtue of its provisions, im- mediately banished the city of Alexandria. Of the twenty-two bishops who had openly embraced the heresy, there were only two, however, found honest enough to avow tlieir sentimerits;; that is not one in ten. The' remaining twenty subscribed the Acts of the Council, and retained their livings. It is preposterous therefore to suppose that the civil establishriient of any Church, and the enactment of civil pains and penalties against heresy, will promote uniformity of sentiment. It may indeed promote unifor mity of profession; uniformity of subscrip tion': but it will never promote uniformity of sentiment. The hypocrite, the formalist, the worldling— and such characters will abound and in all likelihood constitute the majority in all' Established Churches — will swallow the' camel and enjoy the living; In proof of the truth of this statement, I may anticipate an event of great importance in the 'history ; of the Church, as illustrating the working of civil establishment's of reli gion, that took place long after the. pe riod we have arrived at. For we learn from Dr. Southey, in what he calls his " Book "of the Church," that during tftS, Re formation in England, and particularly in Queen Elizabeth's time, " of nine thousand four hundred beneficed clergy," (previously adherents to Papacy,). " only one hundred and seventy-seven resigned their preferment rather than acknowledge the Queen's supremacy." The twenty Arian bishops, however, who had subscribed tlie Articles of the Council of Nice; were able and artful men ; and they soon managed, by their political address, to. acquire influence at Court, and were ena bled at length to get that influence brought to hear against the orthodox party them selves: insomuch that Athanasius, the or thodox bishop of Alexandria, the supposed author of the famous Creed that bears his name, was in due time tried and condemned in a second Council, held in the city of Tyre; and banished to France. Constantius, the son and successor of Constantine, was himself an Arian by pro fession ; and through his influence, as the temporal Head of the Church, Gregory, an Arian, was, in pursuance of the acts bf a Third Council, held at Antioch, installed as successor to Athanasius at Alexandria ; ' the friends of Athanasius being in their turn publicly scourged and imprisoned by the Governor bf the city, as the Representative of the Emperor, for refusing to become Arians. We can scarcely blame these he- retics for improving upon the lesson that had been taught them so shortly before by their orthodox brethren. They had ob tained tho upper hand as a political party, and they just, used their power as they had been taught to use it by their persecuting brethren, in oppressing those who hud so lately oppressed themselves. The history of the Roman Empire for the next century and a half, till the final sub version of the Western Empire in the year 476, is a mere liistory of the violent strug gles for political ascendancy between these two powerful political factions— the Arians and the Orthodox. The measures of State during this period were almost uni formly directed, or at least influenced, by ecclesiastics of the party that had gained the upper hand for the time ; arid' the con sequence was that the empire was exposed to the inroads of the Barbarians on its frontier, who were also enlisted in the cause of the opposite parties and accordingly took sides as well as the Romans. The Em peror in the mean time being thus "reduced to the necessity of providing for his own safety, was obliged to trim to ecclesiastical factions, till at length, like a charioteer thrown from his seat, he resigned the reins," and the empire was forthwith overthrown and annihilated. Such then was the first great result of the civil establishment of the Christian Church under the Emperor Constantine.. During the reign of that Emperor, the Ro man Empire was perhaps as vigorous and powerful as ever ; but in little more than a hundred and fifty years thereafter, the struggle of ecclesiastical factions — each contending for the honour of the holy alli ance with the State, and each obtaining that honour in its turn, and using it as a means of oppression and persecution against the opposite party — despoiled it of its strength and precipitated its fall. That the destruction of the Roman Empire was an enormous evil to the civilized world for many centuries thereafter all history testi fies; and the misery and darkness, the long anarchy and misgovernment of succeeding ages, sufficiently prove. The decline of the Roman Empire in the East, and the loss of half that empire to Mahomet and his successors, are attributa ble to precisely the same causes as the final subversion of the Western Empire. No sooner had the Arian controversy been set at rest, by the liberal use of those antient and approved remedies for an unsound creed under a civil establishment of reli gion — I mean confiscation, imprisonment, banishment; and death — than another con troversy arose to involve that empire in all the horrors of civil war. In the progress of superstition one large ecclesiastical fac tion in the Greek Church were mad for the use of images in the churches, while ano ther numerous party were equally opposed to them. Sometimes the reigning emperor was of the one party and sometimes of the other ; and according as the scale turned, whole provinces were ravaged by the im perial armies for the crime of heresy. The strength of the empire was thus turned against itself like a snake biting its own tail ; atid the consequence was, that its alienated and exhausted provinces, being always filled with numerous heretics under the ban of the empire, fell an easy prey to the resistless Saracens. Such then was the second great result of the civil esta blishment' of religion in the Roman Empire — the speedy and entire loss of one-half its whole extent in the East to the votaries of the Arabian Impostor, and the substitution of the Crescent, over a' large portion of the continents of Europe and Asia and Africa, for the dishonoured Cross. It is scarcely necessary to add that the provinces that were lost to Christendom on that occasion have never yet been recovered. Mr.Hallam informs us that "the payment of tithes was first enjoined by the canons of a provincial council in France, near the end of tlie sixth century ;" but it was the emperor Charlemagne who first " gave the confirmation of a civil statute to these ecclesiastical injunctions during, the ninth cntury;" confirming at the same time a law of Constantine, which directed the civil magistrate to enforce the execution, of epis copal awards. But the fatal effects of the secular influence and authority that were thus thrown into the hands of the Clergy by the civil power, in its anxiety to ally itself with the Church, were soon evinced; Wamba, a king of the Visigoths in Spain, was de posed from his sovereignty during this cen tury by a council of bishops held in his own capital, the city of Toledo ; and so also was Lothaire, king of Lorraine, the grandson of Charlemagne himself. Voltaire tells us that the ninth century, in which these enor mous results of a Religious Establishment — the usurpation of sovereign power and the deposing of sovereign princes by ambitious ecclesiastics — were exhibited in Europe, was the age of Bishops, as the tenth and eleventh were the age of Popes. The tenth and eleventh centuries are famous, or rather infamous, in the history of the dark ages, for the tremendous strug gle for the right of investiture, maintained between the Popes on the one hand and the emperor of Germany and the kings of France and England on the other. It was commenced by the famous Hildebrand, or Pope Gregory VII., who was elevated to the popedom in the year 1073, and who, aspiring at universal monarchy, refused to allow the bishops to receive the investiture of their office and dignity from the tempo ral princes in whose states or kingdoms their dioceses lay. Now I confess the Popes were so far in the right in' this question ; that a bishop, as a spiritual functionary, cannot rightly receive the investiture of his office from any secular prince. But under the monstrous alliance of Church and State, as it then stood, these bishops were all temporal princes themselves, peers of par liament, barons of the empire ; arid in that capacity they held extensive estates, for which they were bound under the feudal system to do homage to their liege lord, the emperor or king. The root and spring of the evil, therefore, was the unholy alliance between Church and State — the attempt to join things which Christ has separated, when he says " My kingdom is not of this world " " The princes of the gentiles exercise domi nion over them, and tliey that are great exercise authority upon them ; but it shall not be so among you." With such a pro- hibition before his eyes, one would scarcely believe that a bishop, a professed minister of Christ, would ever be found exhibiting the anomalous character of a temporal lord, a peer of parliament, a member of council, unless he saw the thing daily realised.'. It was the union of Church and State, there fore, that occasioned this famous quarrel about investitures, that transformed Europe during the fifty-six years of its continuance into a field of blood. It lasted during six successive pontificates ; and the Diction- naire des Sciences , a Roman Catholic pub lication, informs us that it occasioned not fewer than sixty pitched battles under tlie emperor Henry IV., and sixty-eight under his successor Henry V.- of Germany; 'in the course of which at least two- millions of men were slain ! It was the civil establishment of religion, or the union of Church and State, that re pressed every attempt at reformation during the dark ages and successively crushed and annihilated every reformer. It- was in this way that the sect of the Paulicians. in 'the East, a thoroughly Protestant people, as is: evident from the imperfect accounts of them that have been permitted to come down to us, was finally extirpated. It was in virtue of this union that the most unheard-of cruelties were perpetrated from time to time in almost every European State on the Albigenses and Waldenses, and the so- called heretics, of various names; who had been instructed by them in the way of salvation. It was the civil establishment of religion in 'every European State that cheeked the progress of the Protestant Reformation; so gloriously commenced in Germany and Switzerland, by Luther and Zuingle. And it was the subsequent alliance of the Reformation with, the civil powers of Europe that first arrested it in its glorious career and completely paralysed it in after-times in many a land. It was owing entirely, for example, to the civil establishment of the Romish religion that the light of the Reformation ' was so soon extinguished 'in Italy and Spain. It was the civil establishment of the Romish religion in France that lighted. up the flames, of civil war in that unhappy country during a long series of years, that excited the bloody massacre of St. Bartholomew's, and that eventually drove many hundred thou sands of the most industrious and best citizens of the State into, banishment in foreign lands. The voice of truth was thus stifled in these three Countries by the strong hand of power under the system of Religious Establishments ; and the consequence has been the general prevalence of irreligion, of infidelity, of immorality, ever since, to a degree almost, incredible in Protestant countries. The horrors of the first Revo lution in France, and the general demora lization of that country at the present day —a fact admitted by the most unprejudiced observers — are clearly traceable to the general proscription and banishment of the Protestants of that kingdom on the revocation of the edict of Nantes, which guaranteed the religious liberties of the French Protes tants ; and the revocation of that edict of the illustrious Henry IV. by his degenerate grandson Louis XIV. was owing wholely and solely to the recognition and prevalence of a religious establishment. Turn we now to our own father-lands. To what were the troubles of the whole reign of the unfortunate but unprincipled Queen Mary of Scotland owing, but to the recognition of the principle of a religious establishment by the Queen and her Romish adherents on the one hand, and by the Pro testant lords and the Scottish people on the other ? Had the imprescriptible and inali enable right of every man to worship God according to the light of his own conscience been then recognised in. that country, the people of Scotland might have lived long and happily together under their Popish sovereign, just as the people of Saxony have done for a century past under the successors of king Augustus, who abjured Protestantism for the Crown of Poland. But both parties holding it their bounden duty to carry into effect, the principle of a religious establishment — of an exclusive Religions Establishment— civil war, and that a war of extermination, was the inevi table result. In that war the Queen was entirely defeated, and flying as an exile into the territories of a rival princess, she there found a prison and a scaffold, where she had a right to expect at least a cordial welcome, andwhere she sought only a tem porary asylum. I am no advocate for Queen Mary: on the contrary, I firmly believe her royal hands to have been deeply stained with the blood of her murdered husband, as an accessary before the fact. But to give her her due, I have no hesita- tion in expressing my belief and conviction that the crimes and troubles of her disas trous and disgraceful reign are to be as cribed chiefly to the universal recognition, in that stormy age, of the principle of a religious establishment — of an exclusive religious establishment . Roman Catholics are fond of taunting Pro testants with the character and crimes of Henry VIII., and of representing that blood-thirsty and relentless-tyrant as the author and father of the Protestant Reformation. On the contrary, Henry VIII. was the great obstacle to the progress of the Reformation in England, just from the manner in which he acted out the establishment-principle. Truth; in matters of religion , was all along gagged and fettered under that monarch, as well as under his famous daughter, Queen Elizabeth ; and in both of their tyrannical reigns, it was solely the royal conscience, or rather the royal caprice that dic tated the form and model of the Church — con demning to confiscation, imprisonment, and death,, all who chose to think and act for themselves in matters of religion. Henry VIII., doubtless, did good service to tho Reformation in abolishing con- vents in England, and in confiscating their pro perty, to the State; but he would have done in- comparably more, had he only left his people in possession of their inalienable birthright, the right to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. Nay, I have no hesitation in expressing my belief and conviction -that Henry Vlll. would have dune incomparably more service to the cause of the Reformation had he confiscated every acre of Church-land in England; and left religion from thenceforth to its own native and heavenly energies — those energies that ensured its triumph throughout tho civilized world during the first three centuries of the Christian era. The spirit of the Puritans, which all the tyranny of Elizabeth was unable to eradicate; and which spread far and wide in England during the reigns of her immediate successors, the First James and the First Charles, was merely the spirit of men who' were burning with an ardent desire for that religious liberty of which they had been so long and so cruelly deprived, in order that an unjust, tyranni cal and persecuting Government might be enabled to carry out its precious ideas of a Religious Esta blishments. In the course of the long and arduous struggle that ensued, Charles the First was at length brought to the scaffold— not, however, as we are told so often, as a martyr for the constitu tion and liberties of his country which he had sworn to defend, but as a traitor who had vilely betrayed them. For under the British Constitu- tion, which vests the government of this great empire in King, Lords arid Commons, the King who attempts to reign without Parliaments and to op press his people by arbitrary exactions, as did Charles the First, is as much a traitor to that Constitution as the subject who wages war against his Sovereign. In short, all the troubles of the reign of Charles the First,— his disastrous career and his melancholy end — are all distinctly trace able to the unholy alliance that then subsisted be tween Church and State; an alliance of which an unrighteous Government attempted to enforce the exclusive claims, with all the pains and penal- ties attachable to the most heinous crimes, on an unwilling people. In that stormy period, the reins of Government in England were held for a season by the Presby terians — a numerous party at that time who had been suffering for conscience' sake, and struggling long and vainly for religious liberty, during the grievous oppression of three dreary reigns. In the course of that oppression they had multiplied, like Israel in Egypt, till they filled the cities of England with their overwhelming numbers, and commanded a large majority in both Houses of Parliament. Now one should have thought beforehand that men who had thus beep suffering for conscience' sake for seventy years and upwards, under Elizabeth and James and Charles — men who had been struggling for religious liberty for half a cen tury and upwards, under these three tyran nical monarchs — would have been contended with the precious possession, when they had won it at length from the Amorite with their sword and with their bow. But alas ! poor, miserable hu manity ! Instead of learning wisdom from the things they had suffered themselves, the Presbyterians of that period were not satisfied with entire liberty of conscience, with unbounded freedom of worship. They must have an establishment, like the sur rounding nations; and that establishment must be exclusive— refusing toleration not only to Roman Catholics, and Episcopalians, who, it cannot be de nied, had both refused it to them in the days of their respective supremacy, but refusing it also to Baptists and Independents. This—I mean their extravagant and exclusive ideas of a religions es tablishment—this was the fatal rock on which the English Presbyterians split— this it was that caused the noble enterprise of the Long Parliament, that assemblage of patriots and heroes, to issue in nothing. Yes ! it was this rank injustice that nerved the arm of Cromwell and his Independents, and that prostrated the liberties of England afresh, first before a military usurper, and afterwards be- fore an unprincipled and worthless monarch. In short, it was the universal recognition of the prin ciple of religious establishments that occasioned the Civil Wars of England in the first instance, and that robbed the nation of the hard-earned fruit of these wars in the sequel. I say the universal re cognition of the principle of religions establish- ments, exclusive religious establishments : for let it not be supposed that the Independents, whom the Presbyterians endeavoured unsuccessfully to put down, were any exception to the general rule, were any better than their neighbours. Numbers of that denomination, it is well known, emigrated to New England in America during the troubles in Great Britain. But what did they do there in the matter of religious establishments? Why, they banished the Baptists, and actually hanged certain Quakers because they would not conform to their own exclusive establishment ! The reaccession of the Stuarts, and the reign of that ill-fated family till their final expulsion at the Revolution of 1688, only furnish us with additional and lamentable illustrations of the bitter fruits of ecclesiastical establishments— on the one hand, a nation goaded to desperation with unheard- of per- secutions was the edifying spectacle which all Scot- land exhibited during the whole of this gloomy period, simply because she could not bring her mind to the profligate king's idea of what was good for her in the way of ecclesiastical establish ments ; on the other, lamentable inefficiency and scandalous corruption characterizing that estab lishment which the king supported and enforced with all the power and authority of the empire. I shall now conclude this lecture with a few brief remarks on the existing religious establishments. of Great Britian and Ireland To begin then with England—if it is the object of a religious establish ment to promote the prevalence of pure and unde- filed religion, the simple question to be asked on the subject of our present enquiry is whether there would not have been us much religion in England as theire is now, if the Church of England had never existed as a Religious Establishment ; or, in other words, had never been connected with the State. Now I have no hesitation in expressing my belief and conviction that there would not only have been as much but ten times more religion in England than there has been during the last three centuries, if the Church of England had never been estab lished; if Henry VIII. had confiscated every acre of church-land in the kingdom, and settled it as a maxim of the British Constitution, that the Church should thenceforth have no connection with the State. And lest this idea should be imputed to sectarianism, or to a feeling of hostility towards the Church of England, I have no hesitation in ex pressing the very same belief and conviction in regard to the Church of Scotland also. So far, indeed, from regarding the civil establishment of the Church of Scotland as having been a blessing to that country in times past, I consider it to have been the greatest misfortune that has ever befallen it. The Churches of England and Scotland have no necessary connection with their civil establish ments. Their establishment is a mere accident— it is no part of their essence. They might exist independently altogether of their alliance with the State, as the Episcopal Church does at present in Scotland and the Presbyterian Church in England, and as both of these Churches do in the United States of America. Nay, I have no hesitation in adding that it is the alliance of these Churches with the State in England and Scotland respectively, that has rendered them so inefficient as they have hitherto proved in extending the knowledge and the practice of pure and umlofiled religion among the great body of the British people. And how can it be otherwise? An Established Church is, to use the approved language of the lawyers, the creature of the State, and must, therefore, be the tool of Statesmen, to be used for the purposes of Statesmen, that is for political purposes exclusively . There are, doubtless, oc casional instances of Church-preferment being bestowed as the reward of merit; but these are the exceptions, the other is the rule ; and whoever is in the least acquainted with the history of the Churches of England and Scotland for the last century and a half must be cognizant of the fact. Is it not the fact also that a large proportion of the religion both of England and Scotland for a 'century 'past, has uniformly been found among the Dissenters — the Methodists, the Independents and the Baptists, in England ; and the Presbyterian Dissenters in Scotland ? And is it not the fact also, that the religion of these Dissenters, self- originated, self-supported as it is, and unbought by the State, has had a most beneficial effect even upon the Established Churches of both countries ; preventing them from becoming greatly worse than they have actually been? Will any man suppose, therefore, that there would have been less religion either in England or in Scotland at this day, or during the last three centuries, if the National Churches of both of these kingdoms had never been established, if there had never been any alliance between them and the State? You are, doubtless, aware, that for several years past there has been a violent struggle be tween the civil and ecclesiastical authorities in Scot land, a struggle which has excited the attention of the whole empire. That struggle is precisely the same in its principle as the famous struggle for the right of investiture between the Pope and the Emperor of Germany in the twelfth century, to which I have already adverted in the progress of this historical sketch. The question it involves is, virtually, whether it is the civil or the ecclesiastical authority that shall have the power to invest a minister of religion with the cure of souls in any particular locality. Now it is a remarkable fect that the majority both of the clergy and laity of the Church of Scotland of the present day have taken precisely the same ground on this question as the Popes took in the twelfth century— protesting against any interference with the right of investi ture on the part of the civil power. And it is a still more remarkable fact that the majority of the Church of Scotland are, at this moment proposing to take precisely the same step as one of the six Popes of the twelfth century, during whose ponti ficates the struggle for investitures was carried on, proposed to take in the progress of that struggle, viz., to throw up the temporalities and become a Voluntary Church, rather than submit, in a matter f such vital importance to the existence of a Christian Church; to the civil power. For it is a well- attested historical fact that Pope Paschal II. recommended to the German and Italian bishops to throw up their temporalities rather than receive and hold them from the Emperor of Germany. And I have no hesitation in acknowledging that, in so far as such a proposal was concerned, the Pope was a man of plain common sense, an honest man !* So far from regarding the position of a Voluntary Church, unsupported by the State, as either a hopeless or a dangerous, much less an unscriptural position, the majority of the Scottish clergy, if we can place any reliance on the state ments of their leaders, are at present prepared to take that position at once rather than submit to the usurpatisans of the Civil Power in a matter which, they conceive, affects not merely the freedom and independence, but the very being of their Church as a Church of Christ. They have no fear of throwing themselves on the affections of their peo ple. They have no fear that the Christian Church will either be annihilated, or lack support from a Christian people, although no longer enabled or permitted to lean upon the crutch of the Civil Power. Now, in such circumstances will any man presume to say that the Presbyterian Church in Scotland, has either been benefited in times past by its connection with the State, or is unable to sub sist without State-support in future ? And, what has her wealthy establishment done, during the last three centuries, for poor miserable Ireland? Is there any man so wrong- headed as to suppose that there would have been a single Protestant fewer in that country at the present day, if its establishment had never existed ? It is a well-ascertained fact that the proportion of Protestants has been decreasing in Ireland for nearly two centuries past ; and that not merely from the more rapid increase of the Romish population, but from the gradual decay and the final extinction of Protestantism in many parts of the country, in consequence of its being left to the tender mercies of a wealthy but ineffi cient establishment. Of the eight millions of the inhabitants of Ireland, only two are Protestants ; and of these two millions, the one half are Pres- byterians, who, of course, do not belong to the Established Church of that country. Of the six millions of Roman Catholics there are three who speak the Irish language; but such are the tender mercies of a State Church that no provision is made or the spiritual destitution of this vast population, by sending them ministers, to declare to them the wonderful works of God in their own tongue. At this moment it appears there are only six Protestant ministers in Ireland who speak the language of three millions of its inhabitants ; and of these six even not one was either trained up or sent forth expressly to preach the Gospel in the Irish tongue ! '"Tell it not in Gath ; publish it not in the streets of Ashkelon ; lest the Philistines rejoice, lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph." Such then is a rapid sketch of the history of Religious Establishments, from the era of the Emperor Constantine to the present day: and when we survey the melancholy picture with a calm dispassionate eye; when we think of the furious persecutions to which these establishments have given rise in all the intervening ages; when we reckon up the wars and fightings they have occasioned, and attempt to estimate the blood they have spilt, the misery they have entailed on whole nations and the moral desolation they have spread over the fairest provinces of the earth — whatever we may think of the principle of a religious establishment, we shall not fail to conclude that the practice has been uniformly ruinous to the peace of society, dangerous to the stability of government:, and disastrous in the extreme to the best interests of the Christian religion. LECTURE II. THE EFFICIENCY OF THE VOLUNTARY SYS- TEM IN THE UNITED STATES. It cannot be denied that there is a strong hereditary prejudice against the Voluntary System; and in favour of the union of Church and State, throughout the British Empire. And the vis inertia of the British nation, the disposition to receive Unquestioned everything that comes down, to us with the Imprimatur of our forefathers, and the strong disinclination to regard with a, fa- vnnriilile five nnvt.lnnnr that c'timmVc in +(wi , WXV. slightest degree of change or innovation — these feelings, which are all undoubtedly characteristic of the British people both at home and abroad — tend very strongly to confirm and perpetuate this prejudice, how ever strong the evidence, however convinc ing the arguments that may be brought forward on the opposite side. Tile opinion that the alliance of Church and State is a holy alliance; enjoined in Holy Scripture and profitable to society, is taken up and preserved, and transmitted to posterity, with as much veneration as a precious heir loom that has come down td us from the remotest antiquity — it bids defiance to rea soning, and treats experience as a mocker. I will just give an instance of this from the writings of a very estimable person, the Rev. Joseph Milner,. a clergyman of the Church of England, and the author of a well-known and valuable history of the Church of Christ. In his Chapter oh Ec clesiastical Establishments in his history of the 4th century, Mr.. Milner issues the fol lowing oracular statements, which certainly appeared to receive some confirmation from the events of the period in which he lived ; for they were written, during the heat of the 'First French Revolution. " Without an establishment provided by the State, the greater part will scarcely have any religion at all, wickedness will be practised on the boldest scale ; and if the form of govern ment have a large portion of liberty in its. texture, the .manners will be egregiously dissolute. Democracy indeed, pure and unqualified, is the system which will har monize the most easily with a polity alto gether abstracted from religion, and this very consideration affords perhaps no in considerable argument against that species of government." Now, the prejudice that dictated such statements, in the case of Mr. Milner, is precisely of the same kind with that which gives rise to the thousand and one argu ments, forsooth, of the more modern and thorough-going advocates of the alliance be tween Church and State. It is a conclu sion derived entirely from fancy and not from facts. These persons- have a vision floating before their mind's eye of some thing like one of the enormous extinct ani mals of a former world, which they call the State; and having' conjured up this ima ginary being, into life and motion, they assign it certain duties to perform, the first of which is to provide salaries for the clergy from the Public Treasury ; and in default of the performance of these duties in any particular country, in default of the payment of these salaries, they consign the world, through all the elements of its society, whether intellectual or moral; po litical or religious; in that country, to its original chaos, and represent it as nothing else than a vast mass of anarchy and con- fusion ! But what have arguments to do in this matter? Or rather what are ten thousand such imaginary arguments to one substantial fact ? There is not a single syllable in the New Testament about the alliance of Church and State, or about the duty, of the latter to provide livings or salaries for the clergy ; and when .such an alliance is to be placed on trial, the touch stone or test to be used in the case is indi cated, in this divine maxim, " By their fruits ye shall know them.'' Now we have seen, in the course of our first Lecture, from a rapid survey of the his tory and results of ecclesiastical establish- ments in Europe ' from the era of the Roman Emperor Constantine— who first established Christianity, as it is called, or in other words 'gave the Christian Church a civil establish- ment and took it into alliance with the State— to the present day, that the fruits of this alliance have been evil, uniformly and exceed ingly evil, evil to an enormous and incalcula ble amount. Nay, when we survey, even in the most cursory manner, the physical, the intellectual, and the moral evils that have 're sulted, even in Europe alone, from this al liance during the last fourteen hundred years, we are irresistibly led to the conclusion that the grand master-device of Satan's policy for the neutralizing of Christianity, as a plan of God's devising for the reformation of this fallen world, and the moral, renovation of his creature man, has been the union of Church and State. But we have only as yet looked at the one side of the picture, although we have there found that the fruits of religious establish- ments have been only evil, evil continually. We have now to look at the other side, to as- certain the results of the system of No Esta blishments — that system which the advocates of the union of Church and State so thoroughly abhor. And as the disciples of our Lord re plied, when asked contemptuously by the Church and State-men of their day, can any good thing come out of Nazareth ? " so we reply 'Come and see." And may God grant that the result in the one case, as we hope and trust it ultimately will be in all these Australian Colonies, may be precisely the same as it was in the other, "So they went and saw where Jesus dwelt." Let it not be supposed, however, that all who happen, from birth and education, to be either members or ministers of Esta- blished Churches; hold that the union of Church and State is either founded in Scripture or warranted by the principle of expediency. On the contrary, some of the most distinguished ornaments of the Church of England in particular, men of gigantic intellect and prodigious acquirements, have both held and published the contrary opi- nion. The celebrated Dr. Paley gives up the alleged argument from Scripture in fa vour of an alliance between Church and State — for which he candidly admits there is no Scriptural foundation — and supports that alliance on the principle of political expe diency alone. "We find," says that emi nent writer, "in his religion," that is, in the religion of Christ, " no scheme of building up a hierarchy or of ministering to the views of human governments. Our reli gion, as it came out of the hands of its Founder and his apostles, exhibited a com plete abstraction from all views either of ecclesiastical or civil polity." — Paley's Evi dences of Christianity ii. 2. But both Bi- shop Warburton and Bishop Hoadley, two of the greatest men that have ever sat on the Episcopal Bench in England, not to mention numerous other and less dis tinguished names, give up Dr. Paley's principle of expediency also, and maintain that the union of Church and State is not only unscriptural but inexpedient, not only inexpedient but absurd. " The Rabbins," says Bishop Warburton, in a letter to Bishop Hurd, another great man of a kindred spirit, " make the giant Gog or Magog contemporary with Noah, and con- vinced by his preaching, so that he was disposed to take the benefit of the ark But here lay the distress— it by no means suited his dimensions; therefore, as he could not enter in, he contented himself to ride * There is this 'prodigious difference, however, be tween the proposal of- Pope Piiselutl ll1. and that of the .Church of - Scotland in .the present day, that while tlie I object of Paschal, in making that proposal, was merely to extend and consolidate his own power, by getting the bishops to hold of himself only, as their lord and master, instead of holding of the Emperor, as; they had previously done, that of the Scottish clergy, at - present-is merely to secure' to' the Christian people their. ancient and undoubted :right to elect their own pastors; Paschal was.a much weaker, man- than his famous pre- decessor, Pope" Ilijdebrarid, or Gregory VII, , With whom the struggle for investitures Originated, but he was quite,as ambitious and unscrupulous. To secure the rights and liberties of the people was tlie last thing that' either of these Popes would evor have thought of. Besides, in recoirimending to the German aitd" Italian bishops-to give ;up their .temporalities, Paschal had no intention of. surrendering his own. It is quite unnecessary to' add' thit the Pope's proposal was un - supported 6v the cardinals the bishops . . ...... upon it astride. Imagine now to yourself this illustrious cavalier mounted on his hackney, and see if he does not bring before you the Church, bestrid by some lumpish Minister of State, who turns and winds it at his pleasure. The only difference is that Gog believed the preacher of righteousness and religion." It will perhaps bo said indeed that the case supposed by the Bishop is an extreme one. I reply, however — by no means. On the contrary, it is precisely the case of the Minister of State and the Church of Scot land at the present moment. By the last accounts from the Mother Country, it seems that Sir Robert Peel is willing to settle the long-pending controversy between the civil and ecclesiastical powers in Scotland about the right of investiture, by some such bill as the one .proposed by the Duke of Argyle during the last Session of Parliament; but the Church, Sir Robert stipulates, must first revoke its own solemn acts and deeds, in regard to the deposition of the seven Mi nisters of the Presbytery of Strathbogie, by reinstating these Ministers in their former position. Now what is this but the precise case exhibited by Bishop Warburton — the ase of a lumpish Minister of State sitting astride upon the ark of the Church, and turning and winding it at his pleasure ? If there was anything like a real love of liberty and independence in the Church of Scotland, its ministers would scorn to re ceive the proffered boon on so degrading a condition ; but I know the men whom Sir Robert Peel has to deal with in this matter too well pot to feel perfectly assured that they will submit patiently to any disgrace rather than renounce their temporalities; If booin' an' scrapin,' if repenting and re canting will only propitiate the " lumpish Minister of State," Sandy is the man for that yet, wi' a' his flytin' against the civil power, with all his drum-majoring about liberty and independence for the last two or three years. In short, there is nothing that tends so completely to eat out every thing like the spirit or desire of liberty and independence from the heart of a nation as the alliance of Church and State. " Reli gion," says the celebrated Charles James Fox, " should remain distinct from the po litical constitution of a State. Intermingled with it, what purpose can it serve except the baneful purpose of communicating and of receiving contamination ?" "Our grandees," says Bishop Warburton in one of his letters to Bishop Hurd, when speaking of some of the English nobility who had been induced to enter the Church of England from the attraction of its great preferments — " Our grandees have at last found their way back into the Church. I only wonder they have been so long about it. But be assured, that nothing but a new religious revolution, to sweep away the fragments that Henry VIII. left, after banqueting his courtiers, will drive them out again." Such a revolution is now much nearer at hand than it was in the days of Bishop Warburton, a century ago. The pressure from without upon Ec clesiastical Establishments is at this mo ment prodigiously greater than it was then. The revolutionary clock has struck one, 'and the knell of Ecclesiastical Establish ments in Europe lias already sounded. But let not the genuine disciples of Christ despair amid the shaking of the nations. The days of the mourning of Christ's Church on earth are now nearly ended the day of her redemption draweth nigh ! But it is now high time to embark for America, to ascertain whether the Voluntary System, or, in other words, the entire separa tion of Church and State, has produced the lamentable results predicted by Mr. Milner, during the sixty years of its prevalence in that country. Previous to the American Revolution, the Congregational Presby terian Church was established in all the New England Colonies with the exception of the Baptist Colony of Rhode Island, arid the Episcopal Church in all the middle and southern Colonies with the exception of the Quaker Colony of Pennsylvania. In Rhode Island and Pennsylvania there was no establishment from the first. Now during iny tour in the United States of America in, the year 1840 my attention wa's directed principally to these two points, 1st, How the Voluntary System, which has since universally superseded these Establishments, had been introduced into that country, and 2d, How it had wrought. In prosecuting my enquiries on the first of these points my attention was natu rally directed to the State of Virginia, through which I had to pass and repass in my journey to and from South Carolina ; from the circumstance of that State's having been, like New South Wales, for no less a period than a hundred and fifty years pre vious to the war of American Independence, the principal convict-colony or penal settlement of Great Britain. During the whole of this period the Episcopal Church was the Established Church, the exclusive established church, of Virginia; and the parochial clergy of that church had each a salary of 16,000lb. of tobacco, the general staple of the country, from the Colonial Government, together with certain fees and other perquisites, (including a manse and glebe) of uncertain value. At the commencement of the revolutionary contest, however, this establishment was forthwith discontinued, and all other denominations in the State were thenceforth relieved of all future obligation to contribute towards the maintenance and support of the Epis copal Church. But on the restoration of peace, and the firm establishment of their national independence, a Bill was introduced into the General Assembly or Legislature of Virginia, of exactly the same character and objects as Sir Richard Bourke's Gene ral Church Act for this Colony, of 1836; proposiug to place the Virginian clergy of all denominations on the same footing, and to grant them all salaries from the Public; Treasury in proportion to the number of their respective adherents. And so strongly was this bill supported in the Legislature of Virginia, and so willing were the Repre sentatives of the people of thai State to tax themselves for the support of religion, that it was not only read a first and a second time, but engrossed for a third reading ; the majority of the Legislature being strongly disposed in its favour. At this important crisis, however, the Presbyterian clergy of Virginia, having previously obtained from the Legislature a brief postponement of the measure with a view to consult their people on the subject, held an extraordinary meeting of their body, and declared unanimously against the Bill : alleging that there was no necessity for the interposition of Government for the support of religion ; that their people had supported it all along, as far as their own clergy were concerned, when oppressed besides with forced contributions for the support of the Colonial Episcopal Church, from which they neither asked nor received any benefit ; and that they were, a fortior i, both able and willing to do so still after having secured their freedom from all such arbitrary exactions in future, after having so gloriously achieved their national independence. A memorial was accordingly drawn up by the Presbyterian clergy against -the proposed bill, and the Rev. J. B. Smith, one of the roost eminent mem bers; of their body, was chosen to present .it to the Legislature. And so zealous was Mr. Smith in the matter that, in conjunction with Mr. Madison, then a member of the Legislature of Virginia, but afterwards Pre sident of the United States, he also drew un a general Memorial against the Bill, which was forthwith circulated throughout the State with all convenient speed and soon obtained not fewer than Ten Thousand signatures. With both of these memorials Mr. Smith presented himself before the Legislature of Virginia, and for three days in succession he nlaarlerl Jit tViP hnr r»f t.liA Wahco nrromct V..W VMS «vui9b UgWIUOb IUC measure. Tho result Was that the General Church Bill was thrown out in the House of Assembly, after having arrived at its last stage, and the Voluntary System became thenceforth the law of the lancl in Virginia. Before I went to America I always enter tained the idea ihat the Voluntary System in that country had been forced upon the clergy by an infidel Government. This is what young men are uniformly taught in Scotland by the Advocates of Religious Establishments. But what was my astonishment to find— when searching into the history of the period, in the city of Richmond, the capital of Virginia, and in the library of tho State-house in that city, vrhore the memorable documents lay — that the Voluntary System had in reality been forced upon an unwilling Government in- America through the efforts of a zealous, selfdenying, patriotic, and Christian clergy ! It has been asserted a thousand and a thou- sand times, by the advocates of Religions Establishments, that the unendowed Churches of any country would gladly accept of an establishment if they could get it. But here was a whole body of clergy, who had just passed from under the yoke of ecclesi astical oppression, and who, when offered at that critical period by the government of their country all the benefits of a Religious Estab lishment, deliberately, firmly and unanimously refused them! It was upwards of half a century after this memorable event — an event as ho nourable to, America as the achievement of their national independence by the people of that country — that I visited the city of Richmond, which, although the capital of the State, from its central situation, is by no means a large one. There were then four Presbyterian churches in it- — two of them handsome buildings — for I happened not to ascertain' the. num bers belonging to the Episcopalians, Bap tists, Methodists and Roman Catholics in this instance; and when I asked. the pastor of one of these churches whether they had any reason to regret the measure which their predecessors had taken for them, in. renouncing the benefits of a civil establish ment for the American Presbyterian Church, the good man smiled at the simplicity of a foreigner at asking such a question in America. At the time I refer to, Virginia was the leading State in America, at least in the southern division of that great republic ; and in every great political movement its example was eagerly looked up to and faith fully followed, by the neighbouring States of Maryland, and ' Delaware on the north, and by the two Carolinas and Georgia on the south. The great movement in Virgi nia, in regard to the public support of reli gion, was therefore not likely to escape the observation of these States ; and accord ingly, when — contrary to the apprehensions and predictions of many, who prophesied that the country would relapse into irreligion and infidelity, and that Christianity would speedily disappear from the land — the new system of leaving religion entirely to the voluntary support of its professors was found to work far better for religion than its most ardent advocates had anticipated ; it was successively adopted by them all. In some of the New England States the Reli gious Establishment of the olden time, whieh was first exclusive and then gene rally modified into something like our own General Church Act, maintained its exist ence against the progress of public opinion much longer. But the obsolete system was at length overborne by the weight of public opinion even there ; and it is now many years since the last vestige of a Religious Establishment disappeared in America. In regard to the general results of the Voluntary System in that country, the opi nion of the Americans themselves is most important. On mentioning the subject to an American Judge, in whose family I re sided during my stay in the city of Phila delphia, he observed, " We are not of two opinions on that subject here ; we are all agreed that religion requires no support from the State, and can reap no benefit from connexion with the civil power. Nor is this the testimony of the Laity only. The American Clergy of all denomi nations are equally decided on the subject — Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Baptists, Con- gregationalists, Methodists, Roman Catho lics. M. de Tocqueville, one of the ablest writers that has ever written on America, informs us that he had ascertained this point himself from the American Clergy of all denominations. " They all," he tells us, "agreed in regarding it as the happiest cir cumstance imaginable for religion in that country that it had no connexion with the State ; and they all ascribed the great influ ence which religion undoubtedly has in the United States, as compared with most Euro pean countries, to that circumstance alone." The late Bishop Hobart, of New York, who had travelled in Europe, had and carefully compared the ecclesiastical institutions of the old world with those of the new, was one of the most determined opponents of Reli gious Establishments. And when I asked the Rev. Dr. Miller, a distinguished Profes sor of Theology in one of the Presbyterian Colleges of America, what were the senti ments of his brethren on the subject: — "Sir," he replied, " if the American Government were to propose to the Presbyterian Clergy either to become an Established Church, or to be persecuted by the State, I am sure they would choose rather to be persecuted than to- become an Established Church." Let ns now put the Voluntary System of America to the test in the three important points of Church- Accommodation, Ministerial Efficiency, and Efforts for the extension of the Church of Christ, and the general evangelization of the world. I. Church- Accommodation, The three States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, end Rhode Island, in New England, occupy a belt of land stretching along the shores of Long Inland Sound and the Atlantic Ocean of 150 miles in. length and 100 in breadth — an extent of country nearly equal to the half of Scotland. The land is for the most part of inferior quality like that of Scotland ; the principal exports of the. country being granite and ice. The population amounts to 1,200,000, about half the population of Scot land, mid the inhabitants of both countries are similarly employed; — being partly engaged in agriculture, partly in commerce, and partly in manufactures. Tlieir educational Institutions also are remarkably similar to those of Scotland, and the inhabitants of the two countries resemble each other greatly in their general character and habits. Now for this extent of Territory end population the' number of places of worship, exclusive of those of the Roman' Catholics, who are by no means nu. merous in this part of the United States; is 1540, These are divided among the following denomina tions ; viz. ' Congregational Presbyterians. . (508 Bap ists .. . . .. 318 Methodists ... .. ... 215 Episcopalians .. .. .. 123 Quakers' Meetings .. .. 46 Smaller Denominations . . 42 Unitarians ' ... 142 Univeisalists . . , . . . 66 / There are therefore not fewer than 1,300 places of orthodox worship, independently of Roman Catho lics, Unitarians and Universalists, all supported under the voluntary system, for an extent of country and an amount of population in New England, equal to about half the extent and population of Scotland'. Many of these places of worship, especially in the towns, are handsome edifices of stone or brick, with neat spires and " towers, or belfries. In the country they aie- generally of wood, like those of the country- people in this part of America, generally; and I ascer tained that a ren arkably neat edifice of the kind, similar to many others I had seen in the New England villages, and resembling a country- parish- chnreh in Scotland, had cost only about £700 sterling ; the comparative cheapness of cost in the one country being compensatsd by the greater durability of the ecclesiastical buildings in tho other. For the Congregational Presbyterians, who wero formerly the Established Church of the country in Massachusetts and Connecticut, the resident clergy are in the proportion of 1 1 to 13, as com pared with the number of churches. For the Episcopalians the proportion is as 8 to 9 : for the Baptists as 2 to 3. The salaries of the ministers in the country average about five hundred dollars per annum; which, in a country so .remarkable for the cheapness of living as New England un questionably is, is equivalent to from £150 to £200 per annum in Scotland. In Boston and the other cities, however, in which the cost of living is much higher, the salaries of the clergy vary from 1,508 to 3,000 dollars, or from £300 to £600 per annum. In short, I have no hesitatiffti in stating, that in this portion of the Uni ed States, which in almost every respect may be compared with Scotland, the amount of Church-accommodation and the number, of resident and well-educated clergy, under the voluntary system, aro at least equal, it not greatly superior, to the proportions in Scot land, under one of the best Religious Establish ments that has ever existed. I shall now exhibit the amount of Church-ac commodation in twelve of the principal cities and towns of the United States, to the eastward of the Alleghany mountains ; from which a general idea may be formed of the state of things in this parti cular in the other cities and towns of the American I. Boston, in Massachusetts Population, 80,320. Congregational Presbyterian Churches, 14 Unitarian, .. . . .. .. 13 Episcopalian, . . . . .. T Methodist, . . 7 Baptist, .. .. .. .. & Roman Catholic, .. .. . . .4 Universalist, -. .. .. 3 Smaller Denominations, . . . . % Total, .. . 68 That is, one place of worship for every 1,384 per sons ; or, deducting the Roman Catholics, and the heretical denominations, one placq of orthodox Protestant worship for every 2,350 persons of the whole population. If it should be urged that there is an astounding proportion of Unitarian and other heretical places of worship in this enumeration, and that such a fact bears hard upon the very face of it against the Voluntary System, I would reply— Quite the re verse. For it was under the exploded system ot a religious establishment that Unitarianism arose and prospered in New England ; and it is only since that Establishment was entirely done away with that orthodox Christianity began to make ra pid progress in that country and Unitarianism to decline. It is now rapidly disappearing. \ II. Salem, Massachusetts ; Population, 16,000. Congregational Presbyterian Churches, 4 Unitarian, . . . 4, Baptist,. .. - - .. . . 2 Episcopafign, ... .. ... I Smaller Denominations, .. .. 4 " 15 That is, one place of worship for every 1066 persons, or, deducting the heretical places of wor ship, one for every 1600 of the whole population. III. New Haven, Connecticut; Population 13,000. Congregational Presbyterian Churches 5 Episcopalian.. .. .. .. 2 Methodist . . 2 Baptist, Roman Catholic, African, Bethel, one each . . .. - .. 4 Total 13 That is, one place of worship for every thousand oftho whole population. IV. New York ; Population 280,000. Presbyterian Churches, including Dutch Presbyterians, . . 55 Episcopalian, .. ... .. 27 Methodist, .. 18 Baptist, .. .. ... . 18 Roman Catholic, .. ... ... 8 African (Methodist, Episcopalian, Bap tist, and Presbyterian — for people of colour) ... .. . . ... 9 Quakers' Meetings, . . . . 5 Lutheran, 3 Moravian, .. 2 Jews' Synagogues, 3 Unitarian, . . ... 2 Universalis!:, .. .. .. 3 Smaller denominations (German and Welsh,) 4 Mariners' Churches .. .. 2 — 159 That is, one for every 1886 persons of the whole population. If it should be objected that there is a prodigious variety of denominations in this list, and that such a circumstance tells unfavourably for the Voluntary System, I would merely observe that New York is a place of general concourse for people of ail com munions and of all European nations. In so far as I could learn on the spot not one of the nume- ous denominations in New York had originated in America : they had all been imnorted originally from Europe. But the great bulk of the popula tion of the Middle States of the American Union belong to one or other of the principal denomina tions—the Presbyterians, the Episcopalians, the Methodists, and the Baptists ; the, nu mbcrs of the other denominations being very small. The ecclesiastical buildings of all denominations 1 in New York are at least equal in point of cost and archi'ecture to those of the same denominations in European cities ; and in general they are much more expensively fitted up within. A considerable number of the Presbyterian Churches in New York are equal, in these respects, to the best City- churches, in Scotland. The ground and building of Dr. M'Elroy's (Presbyterian) Church 'in Grand- street, cost not less than £624,437 ; and Mercer- street Church (another Presbyterian Church) .was a perfect fac-simile of the Church erected for the celebrated Dr. Chalmers in the city of Glasgow. I ascertained also, that the salaries of the Presby terian clergy in New York were generally from 400/. to 600/. per annum. I met with one, how ever, whose salary was 800/. The Episcopalian and Dutch Presbyterian Chur.ches of that City, having both extensive private property, are scarcely to be taken as unexceptionable instances of the resulcs of the Voluntary System ; but I may add that while the Dutch Presbyterians had recently erested several very handsome and costly edifices, the Episcopalians were preparing to erect a Cathedral which was to'cost 100, 000/- V. Poughkeepsir, on the bank of the Hudson River, New York ; Population 9,000. Presbyterian Churches ... 3 Episcopalian 2 Methodist .. .. ... 2 Quakers' Meetings' .2 Baptist, Unitarian, African, 1 each 3 — 12 That is, one for every 750 persona. VI. Troy, New York ; Population 20,000, Presbyterian Churches . . 6 Episcopalian . . . . 3 Baptist . .. . . .. 2 Methodist ., .. .. 2 Roman Catholic .. .. I Quakers' Meeting .. .. 1 —15 That is, one for every 1,333 souls, The .City of Troy is only thirty years old. The first Presbyterian Church, in which I officiated on the Sabbath, I spent in Troy, was originally of wood ; but the wooden building had been taken down after having served its generation, and a handsome brick building in the form of a Grecian Tem.ple, which had cost 40,000 dollars, or 8,500/, sterling, had been erected in its stead. The salary of the minister was 2,000 dollars, or about 500/. sterling. VII, Newark, New Jersey; Population 17,000. . Presbyterian Churches .. 7 Methodist .. .. .. 3 Baptist . . . . . 2 Episcopalian . . 1 Bethel, African, Roman Catholic, Universalist, one each . . 4 17 That is, one place of worship for every thou sand inhabitants. New Jersey' was colonized in the. 17th:centur.y, during the reign of Charles the Second, chiefly from Scotland and the North of Ireland. VIII. Philadelphia ; Population 180,000. Presbyterian Churches . . . . 35 Episcopalian . . 19 Methodist .. 26 . Baptist . . .. .. .. 18 Quakers' Meetings ... 3 Roman Catholic .. .. .. 9 Lutheran ... . 4 Smaller denominations . . . 12 128 That is, one place of worship for every 1,400 of the whole population. And these numerous pince of worship or churches are served by not fewer than 124 resident ministers. Some of the churches in this' city are builtentirely of marble. 1 attended divine service in a Presbyterian Church of this kind, of which the internal arrangements cor- responded, in their costliness and elegance, with this handsome exterior ; while others, in which I officiated, myself were equal in their general cha racter and appearance, as ecclesiastical buildings to the city-parish -churches in Scotland. IX. Baltimore, Maryland ; Population 100,000, Of that population one fourth are Roman Catholics, for whom there are six places of worship, including a cathedra ; Maryland having been originally colonized by Roman Catholics. Another fourth are Germans ; but the number of their places of worship I did not ascertain. The following is the proportion for the50,000 Protestants and Americans. Methodist Churches . . . . 15 African Methodist ditto . . . . 4 Episcopalian ... .. ... 6 Presbyterian .. .. .. 6 Baptist . . . . 4 Unitarian .. 1 36 That is, onefor every 1388 souls of theAmeriean Protestant population. The Second Presbyterian Churcli of this city, in which I officiated during my stay, had cost, including the manse and the price of the allotment, of ground. 100,000 dollars, or considerably upwards of £20,000. The First Pres byterian Church, in which I attended divine service, appeared to have been a still more costly building. The next two I shall mention are comparatively small towns, and I instance them to show that the Voluntary System isjas efficient in such towns as in large cities, X. Fredericksburgh, Virginia; Population, 4,000, One Presbyerian Church, one Episcopalian, one. Methodist, one Baptist; or one for every thou sand sotils. XI. Wilmington, North Carolina; Population, 4,000. One Episcopal Church, one Presbyterian, one Baptist, one Methodist; giving the same pro portion to tlie general population- I have always placed first in these lists the body that appeared to be the most numerous or influential in the particular locality. Xil. Charleston, South Carolina; Population, 30,000. Episcopal Churches . . . . 6 Presbyterian ..... -. 5 Methodist . . . . . - - 4 Roman.Catholies ... 3 Baptist .. .. .. ... 1 Lutheran .. .. .. .. I Unitarian ... .. .. . I French Protestant . . . . . . 1 Jews' Synagogue . . . . . . I 23 Tiiat is, one place of worship for every 1500 of the population. It appears, therefore, that the proportion of places of worship to the general population in the Ame rican towns and cities I have enumerated, is one to from 1000 to 1500 souls. The following is the proportion in six of the large cities of England. In Liverpool , . . . 1 to 2242 Manchester .. ... 1 to 2726 Birmingham 1 to 2296 Leeds ... ... ... 1 to 2055 Sheffield .. .. 1 to 1793 Nottingham .. .. 1 to 1988 In regard, therefore, to Church-accommodation, the results of the Voluntary System in. America are decidedl' superior to those of the system of Religious Establishments in Great Britain. And although — to use the language of a late Episcopal clergyman in this Colony — there are no such " prizes" in the American Ecclesiastical Lottery as there are in that of England, neither are there any such " blanks'' there ; the working clergy of America being decidedly much better remunerated for their labour than the great majority of the working clergy of England. Take the city of Charleston as a specimen. I happened to ascertain the amount of the salaries of most of the clergy of that city from one of their own number, a Scotch clergyman, for whom I preached during my stay, and who had himselfbeen greatly prejudiced against the Volun tary System till he went to America. The Bishop of South Carolina, the Rev. Dr. Gadsden, who is also pastor of one of the city churches in Charleston, has a salary of 2800 dol lars, or about £700 per annum. One of the other Episcopal clergymen of die city has 250O dollars, and two have 2000 dollars each ; the remaining two, whose churches are of recent erection in the suburbs, having 1500 each. The Scotch clergyman I have mentioned and another of the Presbyterian ministers of Charles ton have a salary of 2500 dollars each ; a third Presbyterian minister has 2000 dollars ; a fourth 1500 ; and the fifth, who officiates in the Mariners' Church, and whose salary is paid by subscription, has lUOO, or about £250. Tlio Lutheran minister has 2500 dollars ; the Unitarian, 2250 ; and the Baptist, 2000. The Methodist ministers are universally well paid in America ; that is, they have moderate but sufficient salaries in all parts of the country ; but I did not ascertain the particular amouut of the salaries of those in Charlestou. There is also a Romish Bishop in that city, and several priests ; but my clerical friend was unable to infprm ma what salaries they received respec tively from their people. Now as the city of Charleston, (which is situated almost under the same parallel of latitude as Syd ney, in the opposite hemisphere, and is, as nearly as possible, at the antipodes oi Sydney) is a city of exactly the same population as our own Colonial capital, and is, moreover, a maritime city and the commercial capital of the wool-growing State to which it belongs,- while it resembles Sydney also in Cotton-wool — not shocp's-wool. having both a Protestant and a Roman Catholic Bishop, with Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, and Jews, in similar proportions — it is by no means unfair to institute a comparison between the two cities in reference to the support of religion. The only difference indeed between them is ali in fa vour of Sydney ; for while the climate of Charles ton is a wretched climate, compared with ours, there is a large Negro aud Slave population in that city to compensate for the numerous convicts and Tickct-ot-leave men of our late Penal System. How is it ttien that the Episcopalians of Charles ton can support well and willingly their bishop and five other Episcopal ministers, while the Epis copalians of Sydney must have their bishop and clergy supported as State-paupers from the Public Treasury? And how is it that the lower Irish, who . constitute the chief part of the Roman Catholic population of Charleston, can support a bishop and two priests in that deadly climate, while their countrymen in Sydney must have their bishop and. priests billetted upon the Custom-house chest? And how is it that the Presbyterians and the Me thodists respectively are either less able or less willing to support their ministers here than they are there ? At all events it is unquestionable that the city of Charleston, with all its disadvantages, is far better supplied with church-accommodation than the city of Sydney ; and I can add, moreover, as the re sult of my own personal observation, that it is in comparably better supplied with able, zealous and faithful ministers of all denominations, under the Voluntary System, than we are, under the system of an indiscriminate Religions Establishment. In proof of this I would observe that it is almost universal among the Protestant denominations in America for every church to have a separate place of meeting or lecture- room, as it is called, asan appen dage to the church, for jweek-day evening services. In some cases the lecture- room is a large room beneath the area of the church in the same build ing: in others it is a separate building. The lec ture-room of the Second Presbyterian Church in Charleston, for the Pastor of which I officiated during my 6tay in that city, was situated nearly half a mile from the church, and in a much more densely peopled portion of the city. It was a neat little chapel, with a gallery, capable of con'aining four hundred persons, having a large Sabbath school beneath it ; and it had cost not less than 10.000 dollars, or considerably upwards of £2,000. The clunch-property of the Second Presbyterian Church had cost altogether 140,000 dollars— more than £30,000- And let it not be said that Charleston is a much older city than Sydney, and ibat some at least of its churches were erected before the Voluntary System had come into operation. As a set-off in this particular to the cose of Charleston, I shall just mention that of a much younger American city than even this of ours, I mean that of Roches ter in the State of New York- Of that ciiy the first house was built in the year 1898, exactly twenty years after the founding of Sydney ; and in the year 1815, its population did not exceed 331, In 1836 that population had increased to 1 7,000. and the city then contained sixteen churches of various denominations, and had sent forth from these churches not fewer than fifteen missionaries to the Heathen in foreign lands 1 It is commonly argued against the Voluntary System that it does not " consider the case of the poor." The State Church is called "the poor man's Churcli," because, forsooth, it contains certain free- seats in the passages that respectable people wont occupy, for the parish-paupers. In New York, however, there have been erected, under the Vo luntary System, during the last filteen years, by the Presbyterian communion alone, not fewer than seven Churches called Free Churches, on the prin ciple of throwing open their pews to all and sun dry without payment; the salary of the clergyman being paid by certain benevolent persons who asso- ciaie for the purpose. Arrangements of a similar kind on behalf of the poor are common in all the other great cities of America. In the city of Phi ladelphia, for example, 1 met an Episcopal cler- gyman who had no stated cure or place of worship, but who received a liberal salary, irotn funds sup plied by the Christian benevolence of his own de nomination, to visit the poor aud the needy in that great city. In short, the state of things, in regard to Church accommodation in America, fully justifies the re mark of M. de Tocqueville — "In no country in the world do the citizens make such exertions for the common wgal, and I nm acquainted with no people wiiich has established schools as numerous and as efficient, places of worship better suited for the wants of the inhabitants, or roads kept in better repair !" II. Ministerial Efficiency. " The single end we ought to propose,' observes Dr. Paley, " by religious establishments is, the pre servation and communication of religious hnoiuledge. Every other idea, and every other end that lias been mixed witli this, as the making of the Church ari engine, or even an ally, of the State ; convert ing it into the means of strengthening or diffusing influence; or regarding it as a support of regal, in opposition to popular forms of government, have served only to debase the institution, and to intro duce into it numerous corruptions and abuses.'' — Pa- ley's Moral and Political Philosophy , vi. 1 0. Now if the single end of a religious establishment the preservation and communication of religious knowledge — is confessedly better attained without an establishment than with one, the necessity for such an extensive and cumbersome apparatus is entirely imaginary. But I appeal to the testimony of Captain Miirryatt, a most unexceptionable wit ness in such a case, as to whether an apparatus of ' this kind can be necessary for the preservation and communication of religious knowledge, or in other words for tlie creation of an efficient ministry in America. " The American clergy," says that writer, "are, in the mass, equal, if not superior, to any in the world ; they have to struggle with difficulties almost insurmountable,' and worthily do they perform their tasks." " Never.since. the days of the apostles," says tlie Rev. Calvin Cotton, whose testimony Captain Marryatt quotes with approbation, " was a country blessed with so en lightened, pious, orthodox, faithful, willing clergy as the United States at this moment." All the Evangelical Churches, wherever I travel led in that country, have meetings for divine ser vice during the week us well us on the Sabbath. Their Sabbath -schools and Bible-classes, although not superior to many at home, are far more gene ral, and generally speaking, far more efficient : while instances of self-denial, on the part of the clergy, are frequent beyond all precedent in the mother country — and not unworthy of the age of the apostles. The Rev. Dr. M'Crosky, a highly popular Epis copal clergyman in Phi'adelphia, who had a large congregation in that polished city and a salary of 2500 dollars per annum, was invited to accept thb office of Bishop in the new State of Michigan, where the salary was to be only 800 dollars per annum, and that salary to be derived from his pustoial of fice as minister of a particular Church. Conceiv- itig that it was a call of Providence, and that a wide and interesting field of labour wns thereby opened up to him in a new country, lie demitted his charge in Philadelphia, disregarding ull pecu niary considerations, and accepted the call to Michigan. Bishop Griswold, the biRhop of what is called the Eastern District in New England, had for many years a salary of only £300 per annum, as pastor of a particular Church within his djocese ; and in the discharge of his Episcopal duties having long journeys to undertake every year, he per formed them on font, with bis bundle slung on his umbrella over his shoulder. The Rev. Dr. M'Auley, the highly popular mi nister of a highly respectable Presbyterian congre gation in Philadelphia, was invited to New Yorlc to build up a once flourishing Church wb|eli had fallen into great dilapidation through unfortunate circumstances, and was deeply encumbered at the time with debt. Conceiving the call, like Dr. M'Crosky 'a a call of divine Providence, he aceepted.it at once, although at a great sacrifice of liis personal' in come ; and .his ministry has since been exceedingly blessed to his people in New York. The Rev. Joel Parker, one of the ablest of the Presbyterian Clergy in America, was settled over a large and flourishing congregation in New York ; hut was invited by some of his people, who were in the habit of spending the winter months every year in the city of New Orleans, to undertake tha formation of a Freshytcrian Church in that disso lute city. The climate of New Orleans is one of the deadliest in the world ; and lor the minister of such a congregation as Mr. Parker's in New York, to leave that congregation to go to New Orleans,, was as great a sacrifice and as remarkable an in stance of self- ilenial as ic would be for one of the eity-parish-mini8ters of Edinburgh or Glasgow to leave his congregation there to be settled as a minis ter in Demerara or SierrafLeone. But Mr. Parker did not hesitate to go forth to that most unpro mising portion of his Master's vineyard ; and, I may add, that instances of the same self-denial are numerous in all communions and of daily occur rence in all parts of America. Ill, Efforts for the extension of the Christian' Church and the general evangelization of the world. Efforts of this kind, on the part of the American Churches, may be classed under the three following heads — Education Societies, Home Missions, and Foreign Missions. The Education Societies of America originated about 25 years ago. It was then seen and felt by the friends of religion that the supply of Ministers of the Gospel in the United States was not at alt adequate to the growing demand for them, and that it was therefore necessary to make extraordinary efforts to ensure an adequate supply. 'For this purpose a Society was formed, among the Presby terian denominations chiefly, to raise a fund' tor the education of young men of promising parts,' but in indigent circumstances, who were unabla to defray the cost of their own education. These young men are supported at the charge of the Society, in academies, colleges, and divinity halls, for three, seven, or nine years successively, accord ing to their previous state of advancement ; and. after the completion of their education they are ordained as ministers of religion, or sent forth as missionaries to the Heathen. At the time I visited America the Society had given assistance in this way to not fewer than 3,000 young men, of whom upwards of 1,400 were then labouring either us ordained ministers in the United Stales, or n» mis sionaries among tlie Heathen in foreign lands. The, annual subscription for this object, during the year previous to my visit to America, had amounted to 51,307 dollars, or 10,902/. But although a large proportion of the contri butors to this society are members of tlie Presby terian Church, the General Assembly of that Church have asepnrate and denominational society for the samo object which collects annually 33,930 dollars, or £7, i20. The Episcopalians, the Baptists, and the Metho dists, have nil societies for the same object. The Divinity Colleges of America, which are all denominational, aud of which each .. denomination has one or more, arc institutions of a similar kind. The Presbyterians have not fewer than twelve ot these Colleges —some of them handsomely endowed, by Voluntary Contributions in the first instance, with extensive buildings, large libraries, and nu merous scholarships. The Divinity College at Princeton, the oldest in the, country, although formed so recently as in the year 1811, beside# four well endowed Professorships, has already 27 Scholarships for poor students, affording each a yearly income to the holder of £30. The Home Missions of the American Churches, for supplying the ministrations . of religion to the recently settled and thinly luhabited districts of their own country, chiefly in the great valley of the Mississippi, exhibit also the astonishing results ol the Voluntary System in a striking light. These Bacwaimm— WMB-W— » — 1 1 — — Miijslolis , ark 'Hoi |>ecoiifir to any One body of Christians ; the Episcopalian, the Baptist, and the jVIe'liodist Churches of the United States 'having; each their separate societies and' their distinct agencies. For the Home Missions of" tli'o I'resby- tdrian denominations alone, about 1 1 7,000 dollars.1 or considerably upwards of .£25,(100. Sterling) are; annually collected in the. Churches of that com', munion, while the number of missionaries tinder; the superintendence of the PrcsbyterianBoards are. not fewer than 936, wlio' dispense' the ordinancesof rcligioit either regularly or occasionally to 1446 con- ! grcgntions. Of these Hoiiie Missionaries there arc : aOtunliy 22 in our colbtiy of Canada;, labouring among th(j nunrturous American 'who hnve crossed the British lines, and settled within the limits of the: Brltlbh '.jurisdiction'. And in the jca'r 1839 there werii so many of these missionaries, alf regularly educated knd ordnihed Presbyterian ministers, in the hewlv-fdiriried 'Republic of Texas, as to form a Presljytery. The procedure of the American Presbyterian Church towards the emigrant po- puliitio'n of that Republic, as compared with that of the Scotch General Assembly's Com mittee,. exhibits in striking contrast the character and spirit of ait Established Church compared with the ChriBti;in,spirit iind apostolic enterprise of the Voluntary System. A' large number of American fcititfetis had ttt different times settled in Texas;, and within the last few years also a considerable iimbbcr, of emigrants had proceeded thither from Scotland. On behalf o'f th'c latt'cr an applicAtiou waSrccchtly.aihlresRed.tb the Assembly's Committee, in Edinburgh Ut a Scotch Presbyterian minister for this province of Texas ; but that body, not being sufficiently informed on the subject, declined doing anything in the1 mutter. The American. Gehbral Assembly, however, did not wait to be memorial ized on 'the 'subject of 'the spiritual destitution of . Texas. Knowing (hat- many of their fellow-citi zens hadfcettlcd In that Territory, they took it for granted thatthey'weie destitute of the ministrations of religion, anil accordingly commissioned one of the ablcStof their number— the Rev. Dr. Breckcnridge, now df'Neiy OrleaWs— 16 visit the country, and to . report 'ott the hipial and religious state of its inha bitants. And on that fniiiistcv'p report of the thvou- t'able nature ;of the field fur missionary labour, t hey .immediately sent forth one and then another 'missionary to Texas', , till the missionaries' id that, prov'ince were numerous fendugh to iforni a Pr'esby- tcryi and (,< constitute themselves an independent branch of jhePicsbytcriah Church. It is In 'this way that the process bf Chuieh-extoiision, as it is -now ; designated; in Bio mother-country, advances in America, tyUh'a rapidity unknown in England. As- an iH'siance bf this, let the rapid progress of the' Presbytci'Ian Church In the United States for the last fifty years suffice. In the year 1789', the! General Assembly of thkt Church comprised only 177 'ministers who dispensed the ordinances bf religion to '419 cbngrhgaUbiiB. But in the yekr 1639, exrictTy fifty years thereafter; that Assembly omprised '2225 ministers; and 2607 congregations. Dut uic cnuris ui uuu Auieriuuri.uuurcues jit iiie field of . Foreign Missionary .labour afford a, still more convincing/argiirhent in favour of the VoliuV- »tar'y \System. -'The Episcbpaliaus.'tiie Baptists anil the Methodists Have each ; (ibpardte Societies, uiid separHle agencics for this truly Christian and betie- . vole'nt object. Tlte'rb are two Societies, however, . Biipported-rthe otic by Congregationalists and' lresbytefians combined, arid tlie ,'6ther by -Presby.-. "tyrians exclusU'cJy— whose operations for the year-; previous to riiy visit I shall irierely 8ta.te. The for- ; mer of- these societies, otv the American Board for -Foreign Missions,, 'had collected during that year 2.4, dollars, "or. ;£51j883, 'and Had -employed ' if5 iw i npi o ri ut:? es an <3 1 07 native "preachers' Among' tlio.lieathcn in. foreign lands. The 'latter, or, the Board, had,, collected, '64, 954; dollars, oivjl 3(9 1 0) anil had . six different missions, in md'm> to $1 ' j The liberality of American Christians in their' contributions; lor these dbjecta of /Christian 'bene-., volertce are beyond all parallel in England.; -I waa; present during . d|vino service in an 'Episcopal Church in Philudelphia, .whon the pastor, a highly- popular, mlnlBtor,. seated 'fromthe pulpit 'that his; own and, another Episcopal, congregation, in that- city, had; each collected during the preceding .year; ' fl.OPO dollars or d£l,275'for religious-objects; inde pendently of the support of their own pastors ; and t|io: maintenance of the' ordinance# of religio , i among themselves. And the congregation of a Presbyterian Church in which I officiated in New j York were in the, habit of raising 5,500 dollars per! I annum, or £1, 168, for, missionary objects, in ad dition to; nearly double that amount for charitable . purposes. And these are by no means solitary: instances;; for. in the yogi' 1840, when an appeal, was mode to the sympathies of the Christian public in ; hohalf of the American Board for Foreign Mis. sions.tho result of that, appeal, in the case of six, -of the ovangclical Churches of Boston, was as fol-' 'lows, , vik. ; 3,000 dollars ; 2>7Q0f; 1,500 ; 1200, -y. 900 ;. 60Q, or 37S1.10a..cacb, on an average. In short, the efforts that are 'rriatfe under the 'VolitntarySyfefominAntericaj'fof'tltegeneral'ex. -tension of the Christian church "and-th.e ''general eVangelization of the world, far- exceed the efforts of any- church under tbb'systrim ofia< iKulfffioufe! Kstahlishriicnt, '-Whether inGreat Britain or in' any1 _ other 'part of the 'world. t I , What,' then, shall we think -ofthe gratuito'usstate- ments'oftheltev. Mr. Milner, uttered halfa'coritiity ago,i viz. that1 religion could riot'subsiStin 'a'nV' couittry wiaiout'tlto ald of an estahlisUmhnt— that! Christianity and Ropubiicinisincr Democracy could' nevcragrooPIh' direct opposition to these statemen ts', wo find thnt religion flourishes under tlie Voluntary System 'in America, whoreit is entirely disjoined' from the State, to an extent that might well iiut the wealthy ostablishmentiof GrcatBritain ari'd Irb- Inwff'to theblush. Apd we find, inoieoveri tliht -in' cbnjuiictlbriMivith'What is termed tho wildest derho- craeYj'rellgion has free courae'and'is glorlfied.'ln ohe: . word.lthere ls /tibthlifr "nf! -which Ufeel more cohfl-i dent/'tiian5! de/ 'from wy 'on n personal ohserVa- f tion in America, of thd entire sufficiency of the j Voluntary Systciii for the hiiiintenanee and exten-; Vion of the ordinanceS'ol religion in any land. LECTURE III. RELIGIOUS ESTABLISHMENTS IN THE AUS TRALIAN COLONIES UNNECESSARY, IM- I'OLITIC, AND UNJUST. To any person of the slightest discern ment it will scarcely be necessary to prove that, constituted As this Colony is, both physically and morally, its civil govern ment will ere long'be enormously expensive in proportion to its population, and that , the cost of the maintenance of that govern- ; ment will very shortly entail a prodigious ! burden on this community. The Colony! of New South Wales, it is well known, ' comprises only comparatively small patches ; of available land, like the fertile oases in i the great Arabian desert, in the midst of vast tracts of hopeless and irreclaimable sterility ; and as a large proportion even of. the available land is fit only for pastoral purposes, the Colonial population, unless it becomes a manufacturing population, of vfhich there is no likelihood, will always be thin and widely scattered. Now the cost of governing such a country will ne cessarily be always greater, beyond all comparison, than that of governing a com paratively fertile country with a dense population. The same expense for roads and bridges, as well aB for Governmen't-estab- . lishments generally, will liave to be in curred, and perhaps for a population of not more than ten thousand, in the one in stance, as for a population of a hundred thousand, in the other. But the convict- origin of this dolony, and the consequently immoral character of a large portion of its population — not to mention the vast accession to the vicious portion ot that population from the notorious, abuse of the Government Bounty System of immigration during the last two .years—' will render the cost-ofits government out of all proportion greater than if the Colonial population -generally were, like that of the mother country, an industrious and virtuous population. The cost of th6 police and judicial .establishments of a Colony so pecu liarly, so unfortunately, constituted, must necessarily be; enormous. It -is so, indeed, already, and will con tinue to be so for generations to come.' The ordinary revenue of the Colony amounted for the past year to not less than 359,6951. — a sum unprecedented for its amount, as compared with the gross amount: of 'our population, in the aririals of British colonizatibh. But' if this 'vast revenue seems, at first, sight, like one of the seven fat cattle in Pharoali's dream— exceedingly : Well-favoured-— the ordinary expenditure sWaightway appears, unfortunately, like oh of the seven lean cattle that came up after wards to devour them all, and to look not ia whit fatter thereafter ''than BeMe'j for Ithat expenditure amounted; for 'the past year to the', still1 niore enormous suin .of '390,0651— that is, an excess of ' experidi- -ture above the actual 'revenue of tlie .year 'of upwards bf 30,0001. . " ! ! ; It is in these circumstances— with a (public expenditure exceeding our enormous IreVenhe io the amount of upwards b'f 30,0001.; per annum, and a very iridiffereht system, jof .government for it all — thiat we are 'now 'looking for a representative legislature for this Cplonjr. 'And ! what 'ivill be the first L$ty, legislature when it assembles ? ; Why, either to curtail the expenditure or to tax- the Colony. To curtail -the expen- ' ditu're I suspect will be utterly impracti cable;; tlie probabiiity is rather that it Will have to ! be greatly increased. It Will, i therefore, be absolutely necessary, if things are to cohtinue in 'other rbspects hs they hre, to; resort ; immediately .fbr a general, taxation. .. ; It;is a prineiple of the British Govern- ment, however, that no tax can be imposed, either in the mother-country or in the Colonies, without specifying its particular object. Before, therefore, any tax can be' imposed upon the people of this Colony by; their forthcoming representative legisla ture, the people must be informed, through their representatives, what that tax is for — ; what particular object it is to work out — what precise portion of the public burdens, it is to. bear. This is one of the grand safeguards of our civil liberty, secured to us; by the British constitution; and I will just shew you how it will become immediately; available for the protection of our religious- liberty, whenever we obtain a represen- i tative legislature. I observe, then, that there are certain' Government objects that must be provided! for from the proceeds of the indirect taxa'tion of the- Colony — .certain objects! that have a prior claim to all 'others on the | public treasury. Such are what is called, | by way of distinction, the Civil department j of the Government, the Survey department, the departmen t of Public Works, the Judi cial department, and the Police and Gaols. These are branches of the public' service that 'must be provided for in the first in stance ; and it is perfectly obvious that their maintenance will very soon absorb- the whole of the present ordinary revenue-— that is, the revenue arising from indirect taxa tion. It must follow, therefore, as a neces sary consequence, that other departments of the public service that are now supported from that source, such as the clergy and schools,. &c.;, will, thenceforth, be left to be supported by direct taxation. In regard to the cost of the four established churches of the Colony, it amounted for the past year to 29,2651., a sum nearly equal to the excess of the public expenditure above the actual revenue ; . but that amount wiil ere lpng, hi all likelihood, be greatly augmented, while the whole of it will have to be pro vided for by the forthcoming legislature, supposing the present ecclesiastical System to be continued, by a -general tax for the support of religion. Now in such a crisis it becomes a matter ot transcendent importance to the Welfare of this Colony for all time coming, to ascer tain whether such a tax is either necessary or politic — whether the Colonial Govern ment have any right to tax the public for the Support of religion, under the present politico-ecclesiastical system ; and taking it for granted that they have such a right, whether their exercising it is at all likely to prove conducive to the public advantage. Now, the object of this lecture is to shew that the Colonial Government 'have no right .to tax the public for the support of -religion under the existing system 4 that taxation for 'the support of religion under that sys tem is not only unnecessary, but positively injurious to the interests of religion, and that the imposition of any such tax in the present circumstances of the Colony is in the highest degree impolitic and unjust. I observe, therefore, in the outset, that if Christianity is a divine revelation, as we all profess to regard .it, then it is unques tionably the' interest and the duty not only of every Government, but of every mail, woman -arid -child upon earth, . to. promote its influence and extension by every means in their power. The very existence of such a revelation creates responsibilities, as well ion (the part of Governments as of indivi-, duals; and if the obligations which these 'responsibilities .imply, are not. duly di's- iciiarged, ; blame will infallibly be incurred ;on the one hand, and punishment inflicted ion the other. But the question. is- whether 'a Government really does promote the in fluence and extension of the Christian re ligion, by supporting its ministers from the ipublic treasury. It is uni'forjtaly taken' for granted, indeed, by the, advocates of religi ous establishments, that Christianity w pro moted in this way ; but the fact still re - |mains to be proved, and it may. even be doubted whether religion has ever been ipromoted in this way, even under the most Unexceptionable form of a religious estab lishment that has ever existed. | In the'first of these leetnres l shewed,: at great length, that : the influence of reli gious establishments, 'ever since (the days of the Emperor ;(Cstffntih& hadnifprmly been destructive, in (.'a Vemarkable.'.dree'-' of the peace of society, injurious to the, iri- 1 "milium,,,, terests of morality, and detrimental 3» the extreme to the prosperity and advancement of the Christian religion. And in the second lecture, I shewed, from a long in duction of particular instances, that in the ijnited States of America, where there has been no -establishment of religion for the last seventy, ydars, the peace of society is remarkably preserved notwithstanding ,the diversity of religious denominations, while the public morals are eminently pro moted and religion has free course and is glorified. Now if the supposition that re- ligion is promoted by being supported by the State is thus either altogether un founded or at best exceedingly doubtful, it follows as a necessary consequence, that no Government updn earth can have a right to appropriate the public money for the payment of ministers' salaries of any .reli gious denomination under -the pretence of supporting religion. It must be acknowledged that this ques tion has a very different aspect, according as it regards the case of an -old country which has had a religious establishment, with its multitude of" vested rights and interests, for many generations, arid ai it regards the case of a new country where there is no such establishment at all. The same reasons that might be sufficient to demonstrate the impropriety of creating a religious establishment in ithe latter case, might riot be sufficient to demonstrate the necessity for annihilating an existihg esta blishment 'in the former. No man of com mon sense would build his house now on the plan of those erected in the dark ages; but if any man had such a house on his estate in tolerable repair, it might neither be necessary lior expedient to pull it down, merely because it was not such as lie would have erected himself with the light and improvements of the present age. To pull down the religious establishments of the Mother Country would doubtless occa sion a national revolution ; but this is no reason why a religious establishment should be entailed upon the people of this coun try. There is no danger of a revolution here. Tim -e Ants icugiuus cBiauiisniiieiits oi 1110 Mother Country are supported under the idea that Protestantism is the truth, arid that it is the duty of the Government to support the truth, and the. truth only. " I will never consent, "- says Sir Robert Inglis, one Of the most strenuous advocates of the existihg establishmerits of Great Britain, " t0 Pay a single sixpence for the support . of what I do not consider the truth." On this principle Episcopalian Protestantism is supported and established iri England, Presbyteriari Protestaritismi in Scotland, and both together . in Ireland; The1 theory of the British Government regards Popery or Humanism as a system of errorj super stition and idolatry ; arid for this reason it is neither supported -nor established .in any one of the three kingdoms. The- theory of the British Government -may ' doubtless be wrong in this particular. Protestant ism may be a mere heresy and schism, and Popery may. be right, after all. This is not the question at present; But' taking it for granted that Protestantism is -the truth, and that the .principle of a. religious establishment is a right principle,' then the British Government; acts consistently arid; rightly' in 'establishing the truth drily, and in refusing every thing. .Rice support > and establishment to a system of r error and delrision. ! But libw ean th e Gbvern'meri t of N e w. South -Wales . be ; acting, rightly -in . their .pre sent procedure, on the principle of a religious establishment, viz.; that- it is tliedritybf the Government 'to support 'and establish the truth, and ;the , truth, only ? The Govern ment of this. Colony profess , to iiriake no distinction between truth and error. Its (theory is to let all share alike, and to; give itself rio concern whieh is truth arid which- :is error. In, short there has. been >& ;trital: abandonment- of the principle of a religious lestablishmept by the. , Government of (tliis Colony; and that Governmentis thereifore to all, intents arid purposes .a la'titudiriarian and infidel Government. I- do riot meah to Isay that the Government -of this! Colony 'did wj-ong' in a political sense, in -placing all 'religious denominations on.the same footing. On the contrary I regard i this as an act of justice,- an act of the wisest policy, an act 'of sheer necessity. The Colonial Govern- ment saw clearly that the principle of a- religious establishment, viz. : that it is the duty of a Government to establish the trutkytind the truth only, was not applicable 1 to the -circumstances of this Colony and; that any attempt to carry such a principle into operation -here would' have endangered the very existence of the Government and' ruined the peace of the country. 7 hey accordingly threw the principle of a reli gions establishment overboard, and acted entirely on the principle of an imaginary political expediency. .The advocate for taxation for the sup port of religion in this Colony must, there fore, in. like manner, abandon the principle of a = religious establishment altogether ; otherwise, if a Protestant, he must hold that it is right to establish and to support Popery, or, if a Roman Catholic, that it is right to support and to establish Protes tantism. Principle, in short, must'be thrown out. of view altogether, and the continuance of the present politico- ecclesiastical sys tem defended on the loWground of political expediency; - As the Case stands consi derations of religion and duty have been thrown entirely out of the question by the Government) and consequently neither the Government nor the advocates for the con tinuance of the system they have intro duced, can have : the least shadow of right to urge such considerations in defence of it. Viewing the matter therefore apart from such considerations altogether, what right, I- ask, can the Government have to take the mqney of any Protestant in this Colo ny, or, in other words, to tax any Protest ant for' the support of Popery ? Or What right-can the Government have to take the money of .any Itoman Catholic or, in other words to tax him for the support of Pro testantism ? Whether I— a Protestant — am taxed a sixpence or a thousand pounds1 for the support of Popery ; or whether Bishop Poldihg, a Roman Catholic, is taxed either of these amounts for the support of Protestantism, the injustice is the same, the best feelings of conscientious and unof fending individuals are outraged by the Government, and the grossest tyranny is perpetrated by the State; I am not to be told either by the Go vernment or their advocates that they admit the existing system to be wrong in prin ciple but . that the interests of the State require its adoption. I am not to be told, for example by Mr. Hannibal Macarthur, or Mr. Robert Campbell, or Mr. Richard Jones, or Mr. Alexander Berry, that " they know it 'to be :grievously wrong -to encou rage, and support Popery ; but the Roman Catholics are tod 'numerous in this Cdlony : to be' treated -with safety as the Roman - Catholics' of Inland have been -for the last three centuries, and therefore they must do wrongyin thewaiyof encoiifaging Popfery that thb-'i general ; interests1 of the Colony may b'e promoted.'' ; I am not ' to be told by; Mr; Attbiffey-Gerieral -Therry that : " he 1 bnowsit' to- 'be ' exceedingly -wrong to en courage and 'promote the Protestant heresy; by- endowing ifr 'With the funds of the State ; 1 but'it'; cantidtibe; helped at present, as 'the ! Roman J Catho'lies haVe ridt- yet. got- the1 upper hand' in -NeW SoUtli Wales, although1 they, texpe'ct to have it some of-these days— especially as a large majority' of the Boun-1 ty 'emigrant's i 'are ; now coming" : frotu the South; and W est of Ireland, from which so ' many- of'thei 'COhvie't's 'have come already." L detest 'the reasoning ; alike in both cases;1 for 'it is founded upon the false arid intole rable tpi-iivCiple ' that -State policy requires a, (government -to' do What 'is manifestly wrong1 imuome eases' that : the public interest ihay; thereby'be: promoted. I mkinthiri, Withoiii: fea-r : Of contradiction, that God 'hais never1 placed' 'either a Government' or1 an :indi-' . Vidual since ' the creation of the world in; circumsit'ances in whidlr either that GOVerri. ment or that individual was under the nebes-' sity of- doing wrong; ,Jt can never . be the interest 'of <-a State-to require, to impose, or to ' do anything that will: outrage thecori-; stifontious'. feelings Or trample Upon the tigh'ts1 of k'single.' individual. But it- is ahfJ6"u'trage , up6haay;feeliigs,' and a wanton iriferfererie'e wilh/my- pefsonal rights1 aS- ah ihdiVidriaV. to1 taximefor the suppoif of 'Popfeiy /; 'and'itds- equally ; amoiitrage 'Upon thefeelings and' 'drir interference With the rights : of 'Bishop1 'Polfl! ing tostUxrfiim ifoiothe ' -support of Protestant1' ism. I maintain, ftheveforp, tliit 'the 'GoVeibri- ' ment of this Colony have no right to impose a' tax upon the people for the support of re ligion- under the present politico-ecclesiastical 8)rstem, as such a tax cannot be imposed with out injustice to individuals without doing what is manifestly wrong. I shall be told, perhaps, that as it is the duty of a parent to provide for the religious instruction of his children, so it is the duty of a Government to provide for the religious instruction of its subjects. There is no analogy, however, between the two cases. Civil government is "ordained of God," we are told in Holy Scripture, " for the punish ment of evil doers, and for the praise" or en couragement and protection " of them that do well." It has nothing to do with reli gion but to protect iits . professors , while they keep the peace, and to punish them when they break if. If the civil magistrate had any other duties to discharge towards the Church of Christ, then would Christ's . kingdom be of this world, which he hells' us expressly it is not. Besides, if it be the duty of a State to provide for the religious instruction of its people as a parent is bound to provide for that of his offspring, surely it cannot he the duty of the .State to provide that some of its people shall he trained up Protestants and others Roman Catholics , as the Govern ment of this Colony are actually doing. Who ever heard of a Christian parent traiu- ing up one of his children a Protestant and another a Roman Catholic ? I shall he told also that men are natu rally so disinclined to everything of the nature of religion that if the State should not provide it for them, they would go with out it and become utterly irreligious and immoral. But, bad as human nature is, this is a libel upon it. Religion is one of the strongest necessities of- human nature, and, rather than go without it, men will take up with the most burdensome and the ihost debasing superstitions. Look at the gorgeous and costly temples ofHeathenism, both in ancient and modern times — its nu- imerous priesthood, its painful prescriptions, its costly ceremonies — and then say whe ther man, when left to himself, is naturally inclined to go without religion. Look at the Roman Catholics of Ireland, who sup port a numerous priesthood to teach them one religion, while the State compels them to support an equally numerous, body of clergy under the pretence of teaching them 'another! ..But I shall be told that these are false religions, and that the truth has no such inherent power over the understandings and hearts of men. Shame upon the Pro testant, I say, who dares to utter such a libel upon our Holy Religion ! Was Pro testantism so utterly powerless at the era of the Reformation, when so many thou sands, and tens of thousands, in , almost every European State willingly surrendered their property, their liberty, and their lives, rather than belie their consciences or be tray the cause of Protestantism, the cause of . God and of Truth? The cry of the Reformers, even in the midst of the: flames, was. Mighty is the truth, and it will ultimately prevail.", They ; had no fear for the final prevalence of the truth, if left, tp its own native energy, whether it had to contend with Popery on the one hand or with irreligion and infidelity pn.the pther. And how did the cause of the, -Reformation come to lose.this character and spirit, and to settle dqwn at; length into; a state: of such comparatiye inefficiency that men .bf intelligence .in every other respect have actually begun to doubt whether Protestantism would have energy enough: to Subsist in the world if it were not sup-- ported by the State! .Why, : whenever the' Protestant princes of Europe took the cause of the Reformation under, their pro tection, forsooth and endowed its ministers with the revenues of the State from that moment its progress was checked, its ^for mer energy gradually .disappeared, .and the disgraceful opinions, that are now . so; pre valent, amongprofessiiig Christians 'through out Protestant Christendom, as to the inability, of . Protestan tism to maintain i.tself in the world without State support, are the melancholy result. . Before coming to .particulars as to the : various .. denominations receiving s.uppprt ; from the State iu, this Colony I would ob-- serve that .there. is. nothing ,iu the-cqnstitu-; itipn either .of the Romish, or of any ; o.ne of ; the Protestant Churches of N- S. Wales, ithat renders its alliance or incorporation ; with the State a matter of necessity. Each of these Churches subsists in the United States of America where there is no Church establishment, and where its whole system of doctrine and discipline is carried out notwithstanding, as completely as under the European Establishments. There is nothing, therefore, to prevent a member of the Church of England, or a member of the Church of Scotland, or a member of the Church of Rome from discussing the ques tion as to whether his particular Church should be an established Church, or whether there should be any establishment at all, in an y particular country. The question is deci dedly an open question as to all these parties, and it is peculiarly so as respects this Colony, where the question is not, Shall this or that Church be an Established Church ? but Whether is it better for the interests of religion and the general wel fare of the Colony that all churches in the Territory should be established Churches or that there should be no established Church at all? No man's religious prin ciples can be at stake in discussing such a question as this. Supposing, therefore, that a general tax for the support of religion under the existing politico-ecclesiastical system should be imposed upon tlie Colony by the forthcoming Representative; Legislature, it may not be improper to enquire what will be the pro bable result of such a tax in regard to its amount on the one hand, and its moral ten dency on the other. Now,, taking into con sideration the pastoral character of this Colony arid the consequent dispersion of its population, conjoined with the fact that ; there are at present not fewer than, four1 established Churches, viz. ; the Episcopalian, the Presbyterian, the Roman Catholic, and the Methodist to bev supported by the State, the amount of such a tax under the' existing politico- ecclesiastical system will very soon be enormous and absolutely in tolerable to the Colony. For wherever any one of these communions can find a hun dred adults willing to receive a minister in any, locality, it will be sure to have one; settled in that locality very shortly, if not from a desire to promote the influence-of genuine Christianity among the dispersed inhabitants of the Territory, at least from a spirit of rivalry and a desire not to be outdone by the other communions. The Episcopalians are unquestionably the most unmerous and the most wealthy of the four favoured communions, including, as they "do, a large proportion of the wealthier free emigrants and a decided majority of the convicts. The Roman Catholics rank next in point of number, although that denomi nation included, till very lately, but a small proportion of. free emigrants, and- consisted chiefly of convicts and emancipists. The Presbyterians come , next including a larger proportion of free emigrants (of the middle and humbler classes chiefly) than either of the- two communions abo veraeritioned and a much smaller proportion of convicts. The Methodists, who are here merely as a pro selytizing communion, bring up the rear. Now which of these bodies is likely to lag behind in this contest for the, predomi nance ? Whicli of them is likely to be the last in putting in its claim1 for an additional Government salary, under the General Church Act of 1836, wherever and when ever thereis the slightest pretext for:settling, another, minister? Every petty district throughout the T erritory will ere long have its Episcopalian minister, and' its Presby terian minister, and its Roman Catholic minister .and its Methodist minister, till the . country is absolutely eaten up ; with, ministers, and till the tax for the support -of religion. becomes an . intolerable, burden to the community, and is at length thrown off altogether by the Colony in some moment: of public exasperation. The amount con tributed by the Colonial Government for the support, of religion , is at present' -only £29,265. per annum ; but. when leach of the four Colonial established Ghur- iches has an Institution of its own for: ;the education. of ministers that amount will' jbe, increased tenfold ; for there is not one, of them ithat could not ; already settle ;a. much I greater iiiumber of .ministers- than it can pro cure : Trout the mother-country under . the existing; system. Let. the Colonists; . there- ifore, . make up their minds tp.be oppressed for ;all time coming with an amount of ecclesias- tical taxation unequalled in any other country under heaven, if they ever consent to be taxed by a Representative Legislature for' the support of religion under the General Church Act ot 1836. Let them establish the Volun tary System, now that such a measure: can be effected with comparative facility, (as I shall shew that it can,) and let them not entail upon ' their offspring the necessity foV v revolutionizing the country at some future day to rid themselves of the intolerable yoke of a general politico-ecclesiastical taxation. ' But what are the moral tendencies of the existing system? Why, when a minister of religion or Home missionary, : of any of the great leading denominations in the United States- of America, is sent forth by his own communion to some recently settled district in the Far. West, he appears among the thinly-scattered population of that dis trict as a messenger of the Gospel, of Peace; and, pitching his tent among them- to set up the Tabernacle of God in ; the Wilderness he is in all' likelihood welcomed in . the lan-. guage of Revelation — ' HI ow beautiful, upon the mountains are the : feet of him, that bringeth': good tidings ; that publisheth peace ; that bringeth good tidings of good,' that publisheth salvation ; that saith 'unto . Zion Thy God reigneth !" His moderate salary is entirely derived from a society of Christian people; perhaps a thousand: or fifteen hundred miles off, who have. n'o pri-; vate; interests to serve in sending forth-their npssionary, but who are all earnestly de? Isirpus to promote the extension of pure; and undefiled religion among their fellpw-coun- trymen, their fellow-men, And'.;if-'aiixiim8«'. j ter of another denomination follows in, the | steps of this missionary, a -tacit and;amica:-. jble. division is made between them of ; the : wide field of labour,, and' each acknowledges ; the other as a Christian- brother' Who -is I labouring for the same high and- holy ob-' Iject.as himself, and with whom lie; lias ciori-i ; sequently far more points of. resemblance than of dissimilarity; In short, the first; ; time a minister of any denomination appears in America, it is uniformly .sis a missionary sent out and supported by some Church or . Society at a distance. . How different is the case even , already under the General; Church Act. ;. of .New South Wales ! Why, when, a minister of any ofthe'four CoIpnialestablishediChurches goes forth into any new settlement in this Territory, his first business is to perambu late the , district, to- , get the. names of as many of . its, adult inhabitants, as possible, to a list, to be submitted to - the .Government, to entitle, him to a settlement and a. salary of the largest possible amount, before the people can know anything of hiseharactcr, or have ascertained whether , his service A are worth having or not. Every low.> pub lican. in the district, eye ry drunken.ticket- of-leaverholder, every disreputable; persoh living perhaps inastate ofconcubinage or adultery, is regularly canvassed;; for his name for the minister's: Government List, -as a member, forsooth, of his future: congrega tion. The sacred office is thus degraded in the eye of the public at the v.ery outset of the minister's career, . and - a : species of trickery is practised upon the Government, utterly unworthy, of the ministers of reli gion. But no sooner lias the Episcopalian, or Presbyterian, or Roman Catholic, or Methodist minister set himself down in , the new locality, than a -minister of one;or other of the three remaining; communions . appears in.. . his wakbr— not to preach the Gospel Where it has never been ' preached ; bjefore, and to- set up the ordinances of religion among asecluded and neglected population, - but. to overhaul ;the other minister's lisL of names to .get a poin t or two to windward- of him with this publican or . with that tickr - et-of-leave holder, by proving, to the : satis-: faction of the worthless creuture. that heihad- been mistaken, in allowing himself to-be cer tified to Government as an Episcopalian, or Presbyterian, ;the fact .being that -he-waa ; either a Roman 'Catholic .or a. Methodist!- For as if to demonstrate to- all the -world Ihow utterly unfit a Government is to legis late on the subject of religion,, ;or to have anything to do with religion in an official .capacity, the Collective : Wisdom; of; :New- ; South Wales has already.enacted— -atwhose instance I;shall no;t pretend-to .say— -thatva- con vict who has been/ , rated, in the: Govern - ' -ment -Lists as an- Episcopalian or Roman- Catholic on his. arrival.in this .Colony is not- to be rated to any other denomination there - nfter. , .The .Church. or communion whose utter neglect of him at home has reduced him to the state of a; convict is to be re warded, forsooth, by getting his reputable name to entitle it to a Government salary for the support of another minister in New South, Wales ! In this way an un.seemly rivalry is created between the ministers of the different established Churches of the Colony, the worst feelings are engendered, and the sacred office is "brought into con tempt. ' In the United States of America, where a minister of religion usually appears in a hew settlement as a missionary, supported by some Church or Society at a distnnce, and where, in parts of the country that have been settled for some time, every mi nister is supported by the members of his own congregation, there is no room for the bitter feelings which such a state of things necessarily engenders between the ministers and members of' different denominations; although individually as strongly attached to their respective peculiarities, as the cor responding denominations in Great Britain. "'I arii aware it is a very general opinion that a minister of religion ought to be in dependent of his people in regard to his maintenance. I have no hesitation, how ever, in asserting that, as a general rule' which, however, admits of some exceptions, it is the worst thing possible to make a minister independent of his people. It is; the ordinance of God that they to whom he ministers spiritual things should mi nister him carnal things ; and the Church of Christ can never be either in a safe or in a healthy state when the (observance of this ordinance becomes unnecessary through a State endowment. But who, I ask, are the ministers in the Mother Country that are uniformly the most willingly supported by the people ? Is -it -the men who flatter their evil passions by concealing the truth?; Nolonthecon tr ary , it is the men . who are known «tp -.declare the truth boldly whatever offence it may give'; for " the common people s7Miear the word gladly," and will ingly support those who preach it the most -fearlessly and with the least partiality. Nay, it may safely be stated as a well-known and established truth, that there is no class of ministers so generally sycophantish, and so strongly addicted to the concealment of the truth and to the preaching of another Gospel than Paul preached, than . the en dowed or 'Government clergy of what ever- communion. " Aspiring clergymen," says the Rev. Vicesimus Knox, himself a clergyman of the Church of England, " wish ing to avoid every doctrine which would retard1 their -advancement, were very little inclined to -preach- the reality or necessity of divine: influence" Christian Philosophy, p. 24;—" Regular divines of great virtue, learning, i an dr apparent piety, feared to preach -Rie Holy Ghost and his dperations the main -doctrines of the Gospel, lest they should countenance the Puritan, the Quaker, or the Methodist, and lose the esteem of their :own order or of the higher powers."— ; Aid: p. 23. v..:; :iv ' Supposing then that the Christian and patriotic men of all communions in this Co lony were to resolve that there" should be no taxation imposed' upon "the Colony for the support of religion, and that each com munion should be left in future to maintain its own clergy, I proceed to ascertain what the probable result of such a change in the politico- ecclesiastical system of this Colony would ' be. I conceive then that 'there is 'not a; single individual of proper feeling in the CoLony-i— whether Episcopalian) Pres byterian, or Roman Catliolie— who would not consider himself bound to do his ut most to save tho Colony from the enormous amount of taxation which the continuance Of the present system will necessarily im ply;' provided the Colonial clergy could, be supported under the Voluntary System, arid the interests of religion sustained through out the Territory. Now, d have no 'hesita tion inexpressingmy belief that :the clergy would be as well supported, and tlie inte rests of religion sustained as effectually as at present under that system. I shall doubtless be told that on such a supposi tion: the Colony would be no gainer, as it would just have to pay the same amount as at presehtdn another way; To this I reply that; evbn'i in -itliat case the Colonists would pay tliri amount willingly, which they will never do in the shape of a general tax ; for the payment would then be self- imposed, riffiile every particular communion would only have to support its own Clergy. It is a prodigious grievance for Protestants to be taxed for the support of Popery, or for Roman Catholics to be taxed for the sup port of Protestantism. The injustice is as great in the one case as it is in the other, and no Government can ever be warranted in trifling in such a manner with the best feelings of its subjects. It is a great grie vance even for a Presbyterian to be taxed for the support of a Diocesan Bishop, whe ther Protestant or Roman Catholic, when lie believes, on the evidence of Scripture and of all antiquity, that the primitive and apostolic bishop was merely, like a Presby terian bishop or minister, the pastor of a single congregation. It is a still greater grievance for the Independent or Baptist to be taxed for the support of religion at all, when he holds every such mode of sup porting religion unscriptural as well as im politic, unjust as well as unnecessary. And what right can any Government have to inflict such a variety of grievances on the very best members (for such conscientious men always are) of the community ? But I shall be told moreover that if the Government should not impose a tax for the support of religion, many irreligious per sons throughout the Colony would contribute nothing whatever. And what although they should not contribute anything ? The cause of religion is sure to suffer far more from the had feeling occasioned by the obvious injustice of forcing such men to pay for religion which they do not care for, than it can ever gain from the mere amount of their compulsory contributions. The very circumstance of compelling such men to pay for religion hardens them against it. It ris the most dangerous thing possible for religion to be identified, in the estima tion of such men, with the tax-gatherer, who is usually the most obnoxious character in the community. Religion should uni formly be presented to such men under the aspect of a heavenly benefactor conferring gifts of infinite value, without money and without price. It should never appear under the character of a dun, asking money, or of a sheriff's officer, compelling payment. But the most important result of such a change cf system as the, one I recommend is that the standard of ministerial character and duty would be greatly elevated throughout the Colony, religion would be held in greater estimation than it is at' pre sent, and the moral advancement of the Colony would be correspondingly promoted. In proof of this, however, I shall only refer to my last lecture, exhibiting the moral and religious influence of the Voluntary System. Supposing, then, that the clergy of all communions in this Colony should be thrown for their support upon the christian people.of their respective derioininations, let us next enquire what would be the result res pectively to the various Churches or deno minations that are now supported by the Statc>in -this Territory. ; , The first of these is the Episcopal Church. In point- of wealth and numbers this deno mination unquestionably ranks; highest in the Colony ; there being almost uniformly a considerable number of wealthy persons, as well as of free immigrants of a humbler grade,, of that communion, wherever an Episcopal Church is planted throughout tlie Territory. : Now. I conceive that no mi nister of that communion in the town of Sydney should have less than from £400 to £500 per annum, and that no minister in any settled district in the country: should have less than 2501. Now does any man suppose that in so wealthy and flourishing a Colony as this — I say wealthy1 arid flou rishing, notwithstanding, the temporary de pression at the present moment—the Episcopalian coinmu nion would' : have any difficulty in raising salaries of this amount, :in the way of pew-rents and voluntary con tributions, for all the Episcopal clergy that would be required in the Colony ? Allow ing four or five Episcopal Churches for the town of Sydney, can any mail suppose 1 that the members of tho Episcopal commu nion in this Colonial metropolis, would ex perience the slightest difficulty 1 in "raising salaries of from 4001. to 5001. per annum each for the ministers of these churches, even in the way of scat-rents ? And would any difficult)' be experienced in raising the more moderate amount of 2501. in any town or country settlement in the interior where Episcopalian ministers, are actually settled ? The idea that there would.be any difficulty in the case is out of the question. It is a libel upon the Episcopalians of this Colony to suppose that they would not exert them selves to the extent supposed for the ac complishment of such an object ; especially to deliver the Colony from a taxation of 30,0001. per annum for the support of all religions, Popery included. At present a considerable numrier of the Episcopal clergy of the Colony have pensions ' of 501. per annum each from the Society for the Pro pagation of the Gospel in England. Now I conceive it is anything but honourable to the members of the Episcopal communion in such a Colony as this to allow their clergy to be supported in such a manner— to be sup ported from the penny a week subscriptions of Sabbath-school-children, Factory -girls, and poor widows in; England. It shews that they are lamentably destitute of self- respect, and of that spirit of manly indepen dence that ought always to characterize and that always will characterize Christian men ! What! to allow their clergy to be supported as paupers by the bounty of the benevolent in England wheri the mother-country is ringing with the account of their wealth? Shame! Shame! The Episcopalians of America I know well are people of a dif ferent spirit; but they acquired that manly and Christian spirit under the Voluntary System. There are districts; however, in which there oughtto be Episcopal ministers settled,; but in which, I acknovyledge, it might be difficult, if not iiripracticable, to raise a salary for a minister of that communion, even of the smallest amount mentioned — new settlements, for instance, either along the coast or in the interior. Now, in refer ence to such cases, I would observe that ministers fur settlements of this1 kind ought decidedly to be supported in the first instance as missionary ministers, from funds collected iri the wealthier districts. This is the mode uniformly pursued by the Episcopal Church in the United States. I have already mentioned that two at least of the Episcopal Churches in the city of Philadelphia raise riot less than 6,000 dol lars or 1,2751. per annutn each for religious purposes of this kind, besides supporting the ordinances of religion in their respective congregations. And what is there to hinder such a congregation as that of St. James'1 Church, in the town of Sydney, to do the same, and thus, besides maintaining their own minister, to assist in supporting per haps half- a-dozen others in the new settle ments on the frontier? This is the divine ordinance for the extension of Christ's Church on earth. The language of Holy Scripture on the point is " Freely ye have received, freely give." I have reason to believe that' the congregation of St. James' Church is actually wealthier than that of either of the American Episcopal Churches that raise the large amount I have men tioned. But these American Episcopalians are Christians in reality, and account it their boundep duty to contribute liberally of their snbstarice for the extension of the Christian Church : whereas the congrega tion of St. James' Church expend perhaps a far larger portion of their income in variity, luxury and dissipation. The antient patri archs, when under a far inferior .dispen sation, as compared with ours, bpund them selves voluntarily To contribute a tenth of their substance for the support of religion ; and if the wealthier Episcopalians of this 'Colony were only to do the same — nay, if they were only to contribute one-fourth part of- -tliat proportion— there would ample funds and to spare . for the ef$ ! of every Episcopal minister that shoula be required in the Colony. Should tlie support of religion be de volved by the Government upon the Chris tian people of this Colqhyj I do not suppose that the Episcopalian ' laity yvould deem it at ' all necessary to raise a ' revenue, of 20001. a year for their Bishop. The ; bishops of the American Episcopal Church," of \vhom, including the missionary bishops in the new: States, there are now as many as. fifteen or sixteen, have never more; than from 5001. to 7001. per annum ; and as they are the first men of their body— being 'elected by the votes of their brethren, and not appointed, as in England, through .Court-patronage and political intrigue, often of the most contemptible character— they are all at least equal to Bishop Broughton in learning and tplents and piety and zeal ; discharging their respective du ties with singular self-devotedness and with remarkable efficiency, and being conse quently as. highly esteemed by their clergy and people as if they had ten times the salary. The missionary bishops, in some of , the Western and Southern States, in. which the Episcopal Church is very feeble in comparison with other communions, have salaries of 2000 dollars per annum each, derived from the missionary fund of the American Episcopal Church— a fund created entirely by voluntary contribution; Now it would be absurd to doubt for one moment whether the Episcopalians of this Colony could raise for their bishop the highest amount ever allowed to a bishop in the United States, I mean 7001. per an num. , Let it not be supposed, however, that I have any desire to deprive Bishop Broughton, as an individual, ot a single sixpence of his present salary. But. when the Government of this Colony have pub licly renounced and; set aside the funda mental principle ofareligious establishment, and declared that all communions shall be treated alike by .the State, I hold it an in tolerable grievance that either I, or any other Presbyterian in the country, should be taxed a single farthing for the mainten ance of the secular state and dignity of a lord spiritual or diocesan bishop. Ifv the Macarthurs and the McLeays, the; Campbells and the Scotts— who are all the descendants of Scots Presbyterians ; if these gentlemen desire to have a Church officer, or, Ecclesiastical Major- General, of this description, I have no objection what ever. But it ill-becomes them to attempt to compel us, who have never forsaken the faith of our forefathers, as they have done, to contribute of our substance for the main tenance of an ecclesiastical office which their Christian forefathers, as well as ours, re garded as alike unscriptural and : unwar ranted by the practice of the Primitive Church, or, in other words, to contribute for, the payment of £2,000 a-year to a Lord- bishop. I repeat it, I have no desire that Bishop Broughton, as an individual, should be de prived of a single farthing of his present, salary ; for if the support of religion should: cease to become a State-concern in this Colony, as I hope and trust it will very shortly, I conceive it would only .be just .and right for the Episcopal communion to make up to. Bishop Broughton the whole amount of that salary while he lives. ; It would be time enough to reduce the salary of the. Bishop to a .reasonable amount on the appointment of his successor. And What would it.be for the wealthy Episcopalians I have, mentioned, in conjunction with a hun dred others throughout the Territory, to raise £2,000 a-year for Bishop Broughton during his incumbency, on the understand ing .that his successor should not have more than 700/. per annum ? . Why, it would be a mere trifle, not worth mentioning, com pared with the aggregate amount of their respective incomes. But the entire disjunction of Church and State in this Colony would be of unspeak able advantage to the Episcopal Church in New South Wales in various other and most important respects. From being entirely unconnected with the State, the Episcopal Church in -the United States has. adopted various, reforms upon the .system of the. Church of England, which have assimilated it very much to .the primitive , Church, and given it , an' efficiency tenfold greater than it ever exhibited when fostered arid supported by the .State under the old Colonial System. In the first place, popular election obtains universally in the American Episcopal Church. Instead of being, placed , over the Christian . people, ; as in this Colony,! at the fg3ere caprice of the bisiip,.exactly like a stock- keeper over a herd of black cattle, the Episcopal clergyman in America is uniformly elected, by , the people., < He is the man of their, choice, and they (therefore sup- port him willingly and pay liim all deference and respect as a matter of inclination .as. well as of duty. : In the second place, lay-representation is a necessary part of the constitution of the American Episcopal Church. Every church in the body chooses its lay-delegate who represents the people in the annual Convention of the diocese, and whose vote is given in all matters submitted to the deli beration of the Convention equally with those of the clergy. This is in exact ac cordance with the practice of the Presbyte rian and primitive Church, and is strikingly in contrast with the arbitravy government of the Churches of Rome and of England, which have both robbed the Christian peo ple of their undoubted right to participate in the government of the church. In the third place, the bishop is uni formly elected by the votes of the clergy of his diocese. It is thus always the worthiest — at least in the estimation of a majority of his brethren — who is chosen to the office ; and when the clergy of any diocese conceive that they can find a fitter person for that office in some neighbouring diocese than any one of their own number, they elect that person rather than one of themselves. In England, on the contrary, and in the Colonies also, the bishop is always .ap pointed at the caprice perhaps of some un godly or even infidel minister of State, to whose political party he is supposed to be long, and to whose miserable politics he is expected to be subservient. In the fourth and last place, the American bishop's power is very much contracted in comparison with that of English and Colo nial bishops. He cannot ordain candi dates for the ministry, without the consent and co- operation of his clergy ; and if he suspends any clergyman for any alleged offence, that clergyman can appeal to the Convention — a Court consisting of all the cletgy with a lay-delegate from every con gregation in the diocese, the bishop merely presiding as chairman. The bishop cannot even make bye-laws for the government of his own diocese. These laws must be de liberated upon beforehand and adopted by the Convention. / y In short, American Episcopacy is a pro digious improvement upon the Episcopacy of the Church1 of England and the British Colonies. It is a system incomparably more accordant with holy scripture and the practice of primitive antiquity. It is a system evidently adapted for the govern ment of an enlightened and Christian people — a system, moreover, to which those who are under it cannot fail to be strongly attached. But the Episcopal system of the Church of England and the Colonies, is an insult to the human understanding. It does not leave even the shadow of freedom to the Christian people. It treats them as w natural brute beasts," who are incapable alike of reason and feeling, and who are only to be managed in the way of physical restraint and coercion. The results of the two systems correspond with their respective characters, In England, and I may add, in theBritish Colonies, Popery is gaining upon the Church of England every day. In America, on the contrary, the Episcopal Church gains many adherents every year from the ranks of Popery. The Rev. Dr. Tyng, an Episcopal clergyman in Phila delphia, told me, that during the eleven years of his ministry, twenty- four Roman Catholics had joined his church. Is there a single Episcopal clergyman in England who can say the same ? I fear not. In short, it would decidedly be the in terest of the Episcopal communion in this Colony, to raise any conceivable amount in the way of annual subscription for the sup port of their clergy, to get such important reforms introduced into their church as could immediately be effected with the utmost facility on the discontinuance of taxation for the support of religion. Should su oh taxation be allowed, things will just conti 'o its they are to the end of the chapter, ; i1 the reforms I have enumerated will never be effected ; for to suppose that a church can be reformed with a Lord Bishop at its head, is absurd in the highest degree, and contrary to all experience. Such men will never surrender one iota of their powfeii till they are compelled to do so. Beside., the Episcopal communion of this Colony will in the meantime be no gainer in a pecuniary point of view ; for as the Episcopalians are unquestionably the wealthiest arid the most numerous section of the colonial population, they will have the largest proportion of the public taxes to pay. And is it not con sistent with common sense to suppose that the Episcopalians of the Colony would contribute their quota of the expense ne cessary for thri support of religion, far more willingly if they were assured that the whole amount of their contributions would be appropriated for the support of their own allotted for the support of Roman Catholic8, Presbyterians, or Methodists ? By dis continuing the present politico-ecclesiastical system, and by devolving the. support of religion on the people without the inter ference of the State in any way, this desirable object could be effectually secured. There is no hope of securing it, however, by any other arrangement. There is'one other view of this subject, which I would earnestly recommend to the serious attention of the influential Episco palian laity of the Colony. No Protestant in New South Wales can be blind enough not to perceive that the General Church Act of 1836 has given a prodigiously greater degree of prominence and power to the Roman Catholic communion, than it could ever have acquired in this territory, if left to the Voluntary System. And will Protestants — whether Episcopalians or Presbyterians — make no sacrifice to bring so obnoxious a state of things to an end? Even if the discontinuance of the existing system should subject the Protes tant clergy of this Colony, both Episcopalian and Presbyterian, to great personal hardship, which I do not believe it would do in a single instance, it would nevertheless be the bound- en duty of the Protestant clergy to sacrifice their own personal ease and comfort to a great degree to deliver their adopted coun try from the influence and predominance of this grand system of superstition and delu sion. I verily believe that the United States of America is the only country in Christendom in which Protestantism is at this moment gaining ground upon Popery ; but, let it be remembered, it is the only country in Christendom in which the Church is entirely separate from the State. The Popish emigration to the United States, from Ireland, from Germany, from France, from Poland, from Italy, from Austria, is immense ; but I was credibly informed in America, and facts in abundance were given me in proof of the assertion, that the con verts from Popery to Protestantism in that country were as 20 to 1, compared with those from Protestantism to Popery. In England I believe the very reverse is the case.1 After erecting two such edifices as the one the Roman Catholics have already erected and the other they are now erecting in the town of Sydney, it would be absurd for any person of that denomination to pretend that they could not support as many priests as they require throughout the Ter ritory. When the Roman Catholics can support a numerous priesthood in poverty- strifiken Ireland, where they are borne down, and oppressed with a Protestant Establish ment, it would be absurd to pretend that they could not subsist without a State- endowment in the comparatively wealthy Colony of New South Wales, where, in the case supposed, there would be no religious establishment at all. The Roman Catholic priesthood have ways and means of obtain ing a revenue from their people, even in the lowest ranks of society, with which Protestant ministers are totally unac quainted. From the moment a Roman Catholic enters the world till the hour he leaves it — and long after if his surviving relations have a sixpence to spare — he is a never-failing source of revenue to the Romish priesthood! His christening must be paid for, as well as the churching of his mother. He must confess once a month when he grows up, and pay the priest for it ; otherwise he is publicly denounced as an evil-doer from the altar. There are regular and accustomed fees to be paid at his con fession, and every time he receives the communion. If he marries, he must pay for the priestly benediction ; if he dies, he must pay for extreme unction ; and if he goes to Purgatory, where the priest is sure to send him for the good of the Church, if not for that Qfsjjsoul, his1 surviving relatives "tst paypne priest for his Ticket-of-leave or Certificate of Freedom, j ust as if he had been still a convict in New South Wales. It is absurd therefore to pretend that, with such a profitable system to administer, the Roman Catholic priesthood of this Colony could be at any loss in being thrown upon the Voluntary System in New South Wales. The Presbyterians are less numerous than either the Episcopalians or Roman Catholics ; but the proportion of tree emigrants in that \- denomination is considerably greater than in either of the other two. In the towns they consist of merchants, shopkeepers, arid': mechanics; in the conntry of land holders, farm labourers, and shepherds. They are scattered all over the Territory and are necessarily more dispersed than either the Episcopalians or Roman Catholics. In their native country they have generally bepn as little accustomed to pay for the support of, religion, in the way of voluntary contribution, as the jppiscopalians , their clergy being established in Scotland, and enjoying a Regium donum or salary from Government in the North of Ireland. It would therefore imply a great change of habits on the part of the Presby terians, as well as ori that of the Epis copalians of this Colony, to have a general system of taxation for the support of religion superseded by the Voluntary System ; and individuals of that denomination, as in other communions, would in all likelihood refuse to contribute anything for the support of the Christian Ministry. But that the great body of the Presbyterians of the Colony would greatly prefer the Voluntary System to a general taxation for the support of religion, and would willingly contribute for the main tenance of their clergy under that system, I have no doubt whatever. The Presby terians are a calculating, as well as an industrious and religious people ; and they cannot fail to perceive that it would cost them far less in the end to support their own clergy, in the way of a voluntary rate or contribution, than to contribute their quota to a general tax, to be imposed and expended by the Government for the support of the Colonial Clergy of all deno minations, indiscriminately. Such a tax will unquestionably fall the most heavily on the most industrious — the reputable trades man will have to pay more of it than the drunken ticket-of-leave holder, and yet the ticket-of-leave holder's priest will receive as much of it as the tradesman's minister. The Presbyterians, as a body, will therefore have to pay a much larger portion of the tax than the corresponding proportion of benefit they will derive from it in the way of support for their clergy, as compared with the proportion received by certain other communions. Besides, I am quite sure the Presbyterians of this Colony will never consent with their eyes open to the imposition of a general tax, of which a large proportion of the proceeds will be appropriated for the support of Diocesan bishops and Romish priests ; provided they can secure the deliverance of their adopted country from so obnoxious a tax, at the small expense of supporting their own clergy. The im position of such a tax, — whether it should take the form of a poll-tax, or a property tax,— would imply the appointment of a whole host of tax-gatherers, with the usual expensive apparatus of Collectors, Auditors, and Treasurers : and in whatever manner the Government might distribute the fund among the respective claimants, there is not the least likelihood of their giving satisfaction to any party. But the rate which a congregation voluntarily imposes upon itself for the| maintenance of public worship, is always collected free of all cost, under- the superintendence of the Managers or Trustees. In the American Churches, the pews are generally the property of the seatholders, and the burden of supporting the ordinances of religion, — including the salaries .of the minister, pre centor, organist, and other church-officers, — is borne by a voluntarily imposed rate, amounting generally to six per cent, ori the original cost or known value of the pew. This rate is usually sufficient for the purpose for which it is intended, and it is always cheerfully paid. Contributions for religious purposes unconnected with the congregation, a3 for missionary efforts both at home arid abroad, in which it must be allowed the Americans leave us far behind, are made according to the zeal and ability of the individual. In the towns and the older settlements of the interior, the Presbyterians would be quite as able and willing; to support their own clergy, in some such way as I have' mentioned, as the Episcopalians ; and if a suitable machinery were brought into opera tion, congregations in the wealthier districts ' would not only be able to assist others in the more recently settled, but to send forth a whole corps of missionaries to the wilder parts of the territory, and to support them entirely till they could organize congrega tions for themselves. It is incredible to those who have no experience in the matter, at how little sacrifice on the part of individuals all this can be effected, when a proper system of management has once been introduced, and the Christian people been accustomed to " honour the Lord with their substance." At all events, it is well known that there were no other pecuniary means available for the extension of the Christian Church in the first three centuries, the purest period of its existence ; and it is universally acknowledged that Christianity has never made such progress, since, as it did in thesri three centuries. The Methodist Missionaries in this Colony are all the' agents;- of a., Society at; home, from whose 1 -funds "S — aeamgrara a——— aa— spective salaries, antl to whoso Treasury they trans mit all the contributions of their people with what ever they receive besides from the Colonial Govern- ment, Ofthefreeemigrantswhoarrivein theColony there are very few of that communion. The Methodist missionary, therefore, is not likely to bo affected in any way, whether religion is supported by the State in this Colony or no'. The Govern ment money awarded to the body be belongs to raerelv enables that body to send an additional number of missionaries to this Colony, and to extend the operation of the system of proselytizing from other communions in which it has hitherto been so successful. Such then are the reasons for winch, it appears to mc, the Colonists of New South Wales of all denominations, and more especially all Protestants, ought to resist to the uttermost every attempt to impose a general tax for the support of religion in tills Colony. Such are the reasons that have in duced me individually, to resolve, in humblo dependence on divine assistance, to devote my personal influence and exertions to the utmost as a christian minister towards effecting a repeal of the General Church Act of 1836, and an entire sepa ration of Church and State in this Colony. Tho roughly convinced as I am, front the very bottom of my heart, that the peace and prosperity of the Colony for all time coming, and the geucrnl advancetnenriof pure and undcfileil religion among all classes o(f it&'popula'ion, are indissolltbly con nected with :thq<, attainment of this object, 1 Rhall not hositate'to labour tor its accomplishment at all hazards, and shall therefore regard with perfect indifference the ban of the Civil Government and the anathemas of the Church I belong to if either the one or the'other should interfere with my undoubted rifeht as a British subject and a Pro testant minister to advocate and to urge on this mighty reform. v - X That that reform is not to be expected without a violent struggle for their Government temporalities on the part of the clcrgv of all the Established Churches of the Colony, I know well, Such men will doubtless be in great wrath for a time,: ex claiming wi'h Micnh the.lew, " Ye are taking away our gods, and what liav'e we more ? " That the struggle which is thus impending will also subject those who may take the lead in this movement to much hostility and opposition, and perhaps even to personal hardship and privation, I confidently ex pect. But when, I ask, has any great object for the welfare and advancement of society, been ever attained in any country without a correspondingly great effort and great sacrifice in some quar er or other? When, I ask, lias the cause of .ciy.ll> and. religious liberty been ever advanced; in: a re- mat knble degree in any country, without leaving some honourable victim To paint the moral and adorn the tsle.P If even a Heathen poet cou'd exclaim, Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori, shall a Prntestnnt minister hesitate for one moment to encounter obloquy, opposition, hardship, and privation, if he believes that the course he is pur suing will lead directly to the ultimate establishment of entire religions freedom over a whole continent, a whole hemisphere? There are men doubtless, in tills colony, who will affect to ridicule such anticipations on the part of a solitary Presbyterian minister ; but let such men recollect thatit was tha agitation of a single Presbyterian minister;.' in -tha State of Virginia, sixty years ago, that led to the universal establishment ol the Voluntary System, in the twenty-seven sovereign and independent States, including the recently formed republic of Texas, of North America. The enemies of civil and religious liberty in this Colony, who have at different times been instrumental in sending me home to England, as well as in exposing me to much trouble and hardship within the Colony, have doubtless been not a little gratified on such occa sions in wreaking their petty malignity against ail unoffending but obnoxious individual ; hut they will find now, that under the overruling providence of Almighty God, they have all the while been only conjuring up, from the vasty deep, a spirit which all their future exorcising will never be able to lay. Of the final result of the struggle which is thus impending in this territory, I have not even the shadow of a doubt, There are fortunately ho tithes to he got rid of in this country, as in England, ero that result can be realized ; there are no Clergy Reserves here to disturb the peace of the country, aa in Canada; there is no church property and no vested rights of any kind to perplex the Legislature in its honest endeavours to promote the public weifaro and advancement. The government salariep of the clergy, of all denominations, depend solely upon the annual vote of the Colonial Legislature ; and whenever the forthcoming Representative Legisla ture shall be sufficiently enlightened, as I flatter myself they will be very soon, to purceive that the interests of the Colony and of religion would be greatly promoted by having the clergy supported diieptly by their people, that vote will of course be withheld. 'To conclude, the struggle that is thus impending, is preeminently a struggle for freedom.. It is a struggle for the freedom of the Christian Chui ch from the trammels of a latitudinarinn and infidel system, under which it is impossible that religion can ever flourish, as well as from that thraldom and corruption to which it has ever been subjected when connected with the Sta'e. It is a struggle for liberty of conscience, in opposition to the tyranny that would compel Protestants to contri bute of their substance for the maintenance, of Popery, and Roman Catholics for that of Protest antism. It is a struggle for the deliverance of this Colony from the intolerable burden of a Govern ment taxation, in comparison with which even that of England would shortly he but a trifle. In short, the struggle that is impending is preeminently a struggle for freedom ; and let the enemies of civil and religious liberty in titis Colony recollect that Freedom's battle once begun, Bequeathed from bleeding sire (o son, Though baffled oft, is ever won. This great battle, therefore, is now begun , The Rubicon is already past. The flag, (wlfich tha enemies of civil and religious liberty are quite welcome to call a revolutionary flag, it they please,) having for its motto " No taxation necessary lor the support of religion," is now unfurled on the shores of Australia. The first blow in the contest is actually struck ; and there are some at least, if 1 am not greatly mistaken, who will wince under it. The first shot is fired ; and, be assured, the report will reverberate through every British Colony, in this Hemisphere till the last ves tige of the unholy allianco that subsists between Church arid Statein this continent has disappeared' 