LETTERS ON LONGEVITY. ,(No.5.) Opiniomimcomrnentadeietdies, naturae juaicia confirmat. -v .'.';,' : '*^'_; ' Cicero. : Before proceeding with my subject, allow me to cofrect a few rather conspicuous typographical er. in mv letters Nos. 3 and 4, which, to save words, !°?mm? 'S, r»r.w nuttine in Italics whatthe ^n 'ought to be. It. letters, beginning at the rfme of the quotation from the Apocalypse, read f]°I°.' .'the shield of Turnus was,' Sec.; ??Morhoff. in his Polyhistor. inclines to think that th« numbers are grounded in nature and not de in letter 4 ? ' This is a most important climacteric to women/who now receive from nature an ex. Option fwm one of the most painful offices of maternity,' &c.s; 'the privations as well as the enjoyments at life,' &c-; To proceed. In reference to my opinion, in letter 3 that the Jews entertained a manifest pre diction for the number seven, I find it connraied by josephus himself. In his 'Wars of the Jews,' B vii chap. v. sect. 5. where, he enumerates the ?noils' taken from Jerusalem and exhibited at the Triumph of Titus, there is this passage relating to the Golden Candlestick of the. Temple: 'there were seven lamps, and they represented the dignity cf the number stven among the Jews.' See also /;. »„..:„ r.f th» Jews. B. Hi. ch. vii. sect. 7. , Having now discussed the septenary periods, or the alliance of numbers with the course of human existence, we come next to that larger class of epocha into which the Ancients distri buted the span of life called climacterics,: from their ascending through' stages like steps of stairs These -divisions are formed by the num bers teven and nine multiplied into themselves, or into one another; For example : the forty ninth year is a climacteric, being the square of seven; and. also the. eighty-tint, ai i the square of nine ; the latter was likewise called a perfect year: thus they say that Plato died in a perfect year, because his death. took place in the eiehty-nrst year of his age. Seventy-two was' a particularly fatal year; but sixty-three was held to be the most perilous of all, because it is the result of nine multiplied by seven. The opinion that these particular years, in reality brought with them some malign or fatal influence, was deeply rooted in their minds : no tenet of their religion had a firmer hold on their belief and no form of terror presented so formid-. able an aspect to excite their fears, or disturb their repose. For, in the ancient republics, if I under stand Plato rightly, men at these advanced periods of their existence, in general, had ei'her wholly, or in part, withdrawn from the weightier concerns of life and retired into the bosom of peace and tranquility, where they could enjoy, unmolested, the remainder of their days in such pleasures and amusements as were suited to their various tastes, ages, and temperaments, where the pursuits of ambition, or the acquisition of gain, no longer oc cupied their thoughts, and where the tumult of war had ceased to rouse their courage, or the fa miliarity with scenes of danger to absorb their fears. The passions of the heart then easily become lulled or subdued by want of exercise in the uni formity and calmness of a tranquil life ; and per haps the happiest of men's days are enjoyed under a repose of the passions But when one of them happens to be roused from its slumbers, it rises like a ginnt, refreshed from its state of rest, and its reaction on the mind is great and overpowering, according to the cause of excitement. I have read somewhere, that the Ancients, whether in a state of quietude or activity, were never haunted with a more terrifying idea than that presented to their minds by the advent of the sixty-third yea of their lives. To men, therefore, whose early years were mostly passed in alternations of peace and war, and often stained with the deepest guilt, and whose minds were constantly alive to the con jurings of a superstitious fancy, the approach of these eventful epochs, must have been most un welcome in their letirement from theca.es and anxieties of life, whilst the appearance of danger endeared to thorn tenfold their grasp of present happiness i the obtrusion of the grizzly king upon their thoughts, which were enlightened by no hope but that of ' Returning to the barren womb of nothing, ' must have been a mental picture of unmingled horrors. How shocking must thy summons be, O Death I To him .that is at ease in his possessions ; Who, counting on long years of pleasure here, Is quite unfurnished for that world to come. It maybe supposed, that at these critical times particularly, the consciences of our forefathers be came uneasy and importunate; and, in conse quence, many awill was signed and heir appointed ; many a deprecatory prayer breathed for a longer term of days i many a vow made to propitiate the Dl inferi; and myriads of good intentions were formed to pave the streets of the Pandemonium. Among others, we have proofs that the Emperor Augustus, who had considerable reasons for feeling qualmish at the approach of these critical- years, rejoices, like a criminal obtaining his re'spitf.^at having passed his sixty-third yeaftthe most omi nous of all the finger-posts that point to. ctefMty. In his epistle to his grandson, he thus expresses his delight : Have mi Cai, meus ocellus jucundissimus: quem super anedius fidius desidero quum & me abes ; sed praecipue diebus talibus, qualis e&t; ho diernus, ocull mei requirunt meum cajum quem, ubicumque hoc die fuisti, spero Imtum et bene valentem celebrasse quartum et sexagesimum na talem meum nam, ut vidas, communem senioruiTL omniutn tertium et sexigesimum annum evasimusj &c.; A Gelliut Koct. Alt. xv. 7. Now— ?????.' Where are the mighty thunderbolts of war? The Roman Cajsars and the Grecian chiefs, The boast of story ? It is strange that with all the hopes and assur ances of a future life of the most pure and ceaseless enjoyments, inculcated by the Sacred Scriptures, how fondly we still cling to the present medley of good and evil. It is because we know the present to be a reality, and dread the future because it is unexplored, and think that it is ' better to bear the ills we have, than' fly to others that we know nnt of.' ? Tell u«, ye dead, will none ot you in pity To those you left behind, disclose the secret T Oh I that some courteous ghost would blab it out, What 't is you are and we must shortly be. I do not think even a drowning man, in the moBt helpless circumstances of that situation, with only a straw to cling to, would exchange that straw for the enjoyments of worlds beyond the grave, if those enjoyments rested only on the pre carious basis of promise, or the delusive whisper ings of hope, if unaccompanied by the still small voice that informs us we can never die. Gellius assures us of the danger of the sixty third year: Observatum in multa hominura memo rift expertumque est in senjoribus plcrisque omni bus sexageiimum tertium vita annum cum periculo et clade aliqua venire aut corporis morbique gra viorus, aut vita: interitus aut anima tcgritudinis. Julius Maternus declares 'the sixty-third year is pregnant with dangers, because the numbers seven and nine which are critical and maliflc, and apt to cut the thread of life, flow, as it were, into one another, thus : seven times nine, or nine times seven, are sixty-three; therefore it is called the climacteric or climbing year ; because, begin ning from seven, it leads the life of man, as it were, through certain grades or steps. So also fifty-four and other lesser periods are termed climacteric as often as they arise from the power of seven or nine.' Those who wish to become more acquainted with the .doctrine qf mystic numbers, may fully satisfy their appetite for this sort of knowledge in the works of piato in Timaeo, Timaeus Pythego ricus, , Yarro de .Hebdomad (Aulus Gellius), St. Augustinus it.1 de Clvltate Dei, A. Gellius Noct. AH. iii. lOand xv.7. Philo JudseuB.lib. i., Macro bius Somn. Scipionisi. 6., Maternus Firmicus xiv. 4., Seneca da Bei\ef(ciis. Censorinus c. 14., D.N. Stobaeus Eel. Physi i. 2, 13, and 37. Coclius Rho, diginus Lect. Antiq.lib. iil. . .:-.-.-, These observations on the power of numbers, and their relation to human physiology, may ap pear to many of your readers beneath the dignity of modern philosophy, and, in reference to the present subject, unworthy of more than a passing notice. I have therefore, perhaps, exceeded the bounds of discretion in protracting the subject to this length; especially since the acute logician. Aristotle dissents from those °f his time, and cen sures them for dividing human, life by sevens — and also since 1 am aware that most of the moderns esteem the doctrine frivolous and nugatory. Not-, withstanding, 1 am equally certain, that neither logic' nor', opinion can set aside the immutable laws or nature ; they may, it is true, be sometimes disturbed and her operations modified for a season ; but nothing can force her to adopt new ones perplex her how you will, she still returns to her ancient court e. * Naturam expejles furclX, .tamen usque recurrer, Et mala perrutnpet furtim fostidia victrix ; . . And, although we may not proceed with Pythagoras so far as to suppose .that 'all 'nature, is subject to the power of number, or' ' that the moving principle of all things is number itself ;' still I am of opinion that enough has been advanced on this department, to prove there is an estab lished harmony between numbers and many of the operations of nature in animal life, more especially in man ;' insomuch as 1 am convinced the whole history of life and death would ba but half discussed if the doctrine of numbers, as* far as they bear on that subject, had bien omit ted. 'We have proofs that nature evinces' the greatness of her. power in the smallest of her ob ects ; and why should we doubt that her actions are completed in. harmony with numbers in man, the most perfect of her works ? Indeed I cannot doubt-; that' there is a spirit of harmony which regulates .not only the motions of nature, but the action even of mechanical contrivance. . If a num ber of watches, all keeping different times, be placed in the same room, where the vibrations of the at mosphere are not greatly disturbed by external agents, they will be found, in a short period, to approximate each other's rates, forming a common time which neither mould keep, singly .-that is, those which moved too quickly would yield a portion of their speed to the more tardy j while the loiterers would return the compliment by moving tneir pace somewnat quicKer : in snort, each chronometer, in company, will exhibit- a different rate from that which it would keep if the whole were placed in separate apartments. As it is therefore a matter of no small importance to have our chronometers well regulated, the regu lation should be conducted throughout, . in an apartment where there are no other time-keepers. On the same principle it is evidently injudicious to have several chronometers huddled together, as they usually are in ships, where the true rate of one of them may .berequired to bo known: for in this case no one of 'the number w,ill give its own true time. For this purpose, they offght to be placed in separate apartments, and not' in contact with common partitions. -through which their vibrations /could be communicated; It is very probable, however, that the longitude would be more correctly found by keeping a certain number of chronometers together, say four, and placed in the distances of harmonic proportion from each other, thus: ' /, '© ?©'?©:. © I III for they will not only give a mean time of rates, but a more correct time than if the mean rates were found by instruments placed out of the in-: fluence of the vibrations occasioned by each other's action. Docs this depend on a principle of sym pathy which compels even inanimate objects to operate in narmony ? as tar as trie consideration of numbers is concerned, there is yet one thing remaining to be mentioned before commencing our inquiry into the causes of long life, the means of promoting it, and the climates and constitu tions most favourable to it. Hitherto we have seen numbers applied only to explain physiological developments of the human body ; but what re mains to be said farther on this subject, is their application to pathology and the .phenomena of disease : I mean the doctrine of critical days. It is ascertained that, Hippocrates was the first who used numbers .to explain the progress and termi nation of acute diseases. Pliny, however, assigns that honour to Esculapius; but Hippocrates is certainly the first on record who reduced the doc trine of critical days to a system; and all the world believes he was the actual founder of the whole. However that be, the founder of the 'sys- tem evinced a closeness * of observation, an acute ness of mind, and a reach .of experience, which falls to the lot of few; This theory has been up held and combated, with equal strenuousnesB, by all the master minds of the profession since his day. There is no doubt,' however, they are grounded in nature ; for it is an indisputable fact that tertian fever often terminates spontaneously after it has reached its seventh paroxysm. Con tinued fevers are often judged of by critical mani festations, In one,' two, or three septenaries, and certain phenomena peculiar to the female consti tution are repeated at the precise periods of four times seven days : and, although these things arc unaccountable, they do not in the least affect the truth of the occurrences. The majority of Semei ological writers have also proved that changes in acute diseases generally occur in septenary and demi-septenary periods, as on the third, fifth, seventh, nintA, eleventh, fourteenth, seventeenth, twenty-first, &c.; \- ?'-''? ' ? '?-'* '-'-????' ? Yours, &c;, 1 ???-'- ?;?'?-?? ???? CAMILLUS. ?East Maitlnnd, ? : June 6th, tfB42. ' ? - ; ; ^fc -.-:?.... Important Decision op 'the Twelve Judges— Presbyterian' Marriages. — The judges met in January in Chambers, to con sider a point of immense importance to the Peqale of the North of IreUud, reserved by Ju-^Ee Crampton from the last Armagh A^jzes. The question simply was, whether a marriage between a Presbyterian and an Episcopalian Protestant, celebrated bv a Presbyterian Clergyman, be valid? The meeting of the Judges was private ; but we have learned that their. Lordships have de cided, by a great majority, that such a mar rjage is not valid — is, in the eye ol the law,, no marriage at all! It is impossible to 'over-estimate the importance of this deci sion. It will astound and afflict hundreds of the most respectable . families in the North of Ireland, where ? such marriages have been of every clay occuirence, and have never heretofore had their validity brought into question. There must be, of course, an instant appeal to Parliament on the sub-, ject. The decision is retrospective as well' ma prospective in its opeiation; and unless the 'Legislature pass an act to protect' the' multitudes whom ! it .will affect, its conse quences roust be really of a most terrific .character., The Judges were almost unani mous in this decision, there being ten for it, ?nd only two dissentients— who are under stood to .have .been Baron Foster, and Mr. Justice Perrin. ? ' ? ' ? ; On the 21st December the Dundee Gas Works exploded with terrific violence, ut terly d- s'royiugthe b lilding in. which the principal gasometer.' was contained, and shattering the doors and windows of a -great part of the town, fortunately the other gas ometers escaped, only two men were killed on the spot. — Ilobart Town Advertiser, Afa'u 28\. , ?????'?,.:.?? ??:-':'-??;? ? A letter from Nice, from the Reverend J. Hartley, which appeared in the Record'of the 20th tilt, . announces. the gratifying. fact of the conversion of three' French Pri.sts, and thirty laymen, from Popery to the Pro testant faith. One of these Priests was a Dominician ' and librarian of . his convent, and the reading of some Protestant works which happened to be in the library led .to his enlightenment. The second Priest is the Abbe de Mauretta, a person of considerable influence, whose public secession from- the Church of Rome, has created u great sen sation in toe department of the Arriuge, where his virtues were known and respected. The third is a parish Priest iti another dis trict, where he is now exerting himself to communicate toothers the knowledge which he bus obtained of Scriptural Christianity.' Great Fire at St. John's New Bnims wick.-^A1' destructive; 'conflagration 'took place at St. John's New Brunswick, on the evening of the J5th ult, ' It swept away all th» buildings on Maiket-street wharf, and down to.; Whitney's wharf, frqin Prince William-street to the water, tb,e new.rnarket house, &c.; Large quantities of goods were placed in the market house for safety, utb were afterwares destroyed. ? Forty vessels are stated to have been burnt, among them were five ships.' The fire whs still raging when the mail left. We hear that seventy five buildings were destroyed, and as the wind wns blowing a gale, it is feared the destruction of property would be much grater than above reporlfid. There has nlso been a great fire at Yicksburg, New Orleans, which has done considerable damage. It was confidently stated that the Princess of Orange was to be married to the Duke of Nassau, and Pi i nee -Nicholas to. Surah LaJy Villiers, - ' . 