THE YARN. ASTONISHING A NEW CABIN-BOY. From the Wanderer's Gazette " n old man-o'- war8 man now lying in JMng Reach." " Don't open votir mouth so wide, or the purser's steward will never lie able to measure it for a spoon." — Dick Greek. " JJy the tune 1 vo done with him. Jack, he II not know a handsaw from a poop- lantern." — The Teixow Admiral. "Just wait a bit, Jemmy," said old Bob- stay, who was as brown and hard as a old plank, and " dry as the remainder biscuit," after along voyage; "you'll see a thing or two as will astonish you. When you've shaved with a tar-brush, as long as I have, and taken in your hold as much salt junk, your eyelids will be clewed up, and you'll be as wide awake as a shark. " We ain't had a riglar breoze yet. By jingo ! if I ain't seed the wind so high, that we were obleeged to whistle for it afore it would come down and fill the canvass. Think o' that now. " I remember we was once off the Cano. when it hlowod oroat cmnq. and . ' — o n ' J the skipper ordered 'em to be run in, and the small arms to bo put out. " The wind was right astarn, and we had plenty o' searoom, thof it was so pitch-dark, we eou'dn't see nothing. Well, wo unshipped the rudder, and stowed it away in the after hold, for fear it should be carried away, and lashod the binnacle 'round tho helmsman's neck. The skipper ordered all the loblolly-boys below for fear they should get wet ; and, wrapping him self up in his own thoughts, secured with .the main-sheet, walkod up and down the deck like a ghost. " The sails were soon split into ribbons : and the skipper and mate losing their, hats, away we wont under bare poles ! Well, presently, overboard went the sticks; so we rigged a jury-mast with tho main- hatchway for a sail, and away we scudded like smoko. The wind was now half East, and by derrick ! and blowing a hurricane. ' Wo aro all going to Davy Jones,, says tho skipper. ' Not yet, Capp'en,' says I, ' arid if you'll only lot me take the helm, I'll run her safe 011 shore before you can say Jack Robinson.' " ' Do it,' says lie. Well, so I ordered all hands to bowse the jib, and lower tho pumps, and .put 0 very think in ship-shape. ' And now,' says I, mate, we.- only want a light ;' and so I told 'em to got me a gallon or two of oil out of the wales, and taking half a dozen purser's shirts to make a wick, rigged tho caboose cliimnoy for a lamp; and filling the kottlo with the oil, I soon saw my way; v/a'n't there a blaze, that's all ! I put about the ship in a twinkling, ,and away she went. Keep her head to the wind,' says I, and lo ! and, behold, I runs the bowsprit right slap into tho wind's eye ! and puts him out clean as a whistle ; fox, sure enough, he chopped round, and wo run right high and dry upon Table Mountain. But, my eve, when we piped all liaRda on deck, we found the vessel had not only lost her keel, hut was clean shaved off to the gun wale, and we'd been floating all the while on the dock ! All the loblolly-boys had gone to the fishes ! $ " ' What a providonco,' says I to my mates, 'surely this proves that when a man sticks to his duty he's sure to be rewarded, while them as skulks goes to tho bottom."' " Put this in your log, Jemmy : act up to it, and you'll be p'rhaps an admiial." 