BARNABY RUDGE. -o cAPTxBR XS xI ? ," When Barnaby returned with the bread, the pious old pilgrim amoking his pipe and making himself`o. thoroughly at home, appeared to surprisevean h?hi; the more so as that worthy person, instead of putting up the loaf in his wallet as a scarce and preciouss article, tossed it carelessly on the table, and pro ducing his bottle, bade him sit down and drink. " For I carry some comfort, you see," he said. "Taste that.' Is it'good'!" The water stood in Barnaby's eyes asthoacoughed from the strength of the draughti ??an nswered in. the affirmative. '':;Drink some more," said tihe blind man; " don't r eafraid of it: : You ddn't taste anything like That.' often, eh? " " Often I" cried Barnaby, ' Never !' ;":Too poor'l" returned the blind man with na sigh "Ay. .That's bad. Your mother, poor soul, would he happier if she was richer, BIrnaby' " Why, so I tell her, thei very thing I toldh ier jist before you came to-night, when all the goldiasee in the sky,'' said Barnaby, drawing his chatr nearer to him, and looking egerly in his face,. "nwTellm:e. Is there any way of being richr thatid could find:' Any .way' A hundred .ways .: "Ay,. ay?:a" he returned. '"Do you saylsot 1. What are they,3 , Nay, motaher, .'sfor.yo ur.sake'yI ask ; not mine; for your', indeed What are they ? The blind man turned his face, on which there was a looktof triumph, to where the wnidow stood i? great distress and answered, "Why, they. are not to be found out by stay at" homes,u my good friend." ."r! By sttayat-homes ! cried Barnaby, catching at hi sleevei ? But I am not one .Now, there youli mitakee I am often out before the sun, hand travel home when he is gone to rest. I am away in the" woods before the'day has reached the shady place, and am often there when the bright moon is peoping nthrough ithe boughs, and looking down. upon the other moon that lives in watei. As I walk along, T try to find among the grass and moss, some of that small money for which she works so t hard ail d i sed to Tshed so many tears'. As I lie asleep in the shade, I dream: of it-dream of digging it up in heaps,; and spying it out, hidden under bushes; and seeing iat sparkle, as the dew-drops do, among the leaves. -But I never find it. Tell me where it is, I'i go there, if the journey were a wholo year long, because I know she would be happler when I came home' and. brought some with me. Speak., again. I'll listen to you if you talk all night."... The blind man passed his hand lightly over the poor fellow's face, and, finding that his elbows were planted on the table, that his chin rested on his two hands that he leaned eagerly forward, and tilat his whole manner expressed the utmost interestandsid anxiety, pauased Tfor a minute, as thouglh he desired the :widow to observe this ifully, and then made answer: " " It's in 'the world,; bold Bairnaby, the mnerry. world; not in solitary places, like those you pass your time in, but in crowds, and where tihere's noise and rattle." '; Good I good i " cried Barnaby, rubbinghi hands. ? Yes I I love that. Grip loves it too: It auisa us both. That's brave I,."? - - ' " The kind of places;' said ithe blind man,' that a young fellow likes, and inwhich a good son may do-more for. his mother, and himself to `boot, in a: month than he could here in all hislinfe-lthat is if' lie had a friend, you know, and some one to advise 'with.' " " You hear this, mother I" cried Barnaby, turning to her, with delight. .':Never tell me we shoaldn't: heed it if it lay shining at our fteet.: Why do we heed -it so much .:now I. Vi4y do .:you 'toll o'from morning until night I ' ' ," Surely,'. said the blind man, :surely.' Have -you no answer, widowt! Is :your mind, ;ie aloily added, "not made up yet ?" ".' Let me speak with you," she ariswerod, ".apart.!! "Lay your hand upon my sleeve,'"' said Stagg, rising fromi:the table, "and lead me where you w?ill;: Courage, bold.ilarnaby.: ,We'll talk more of this; I've a fancy for you. "Wait there till: I come back, i Now, widow. She' led him out at the door, and: into the littile garden,; where they stopped.r. '.: ; ? "::i '.'You are a fit agent," she said;in a half ibreath:r less manner,. and well represent the mai? who ,sentein you here." .1 I.. 'll tell him that you said so, ;"Stagg retorted: 'He.has a regard for you, and will respect mie the. : more (if possible) for your. praise::; We, muat :have. our rights, widoeir." , "Rightsl Do, you. knsow,. she said, ! that a woed from me-" "Why do you stop 1" returned thelblind man calmly, after a long pause., Do I know that ·a word from .you would placoe my friend in the last. position of the dance of life l1 Yes, I do. :: What of that 1 It will never be spoken, widow." .' You are stre of that1 . Quite-so sure, that I don't come hero.to discusis the question, Isay we must have our rights, or we must bebought off. Keep to that point, or let me return to my young friend, for I have an interest in the lad, and desire to put him in the way of making his fortune. Bahl you needn't speak," he added hastily; "I know what you would say a youithave hinted at it once already. lHave I no feeling for you because I am blind? No, I have not. Why do you expect me, being in darkness, to be better than men who hIave their sight- why should you ? Is the hand of God more manifest in mny having pa eyes, than in your having two ? It's the cant of you folks to be horrified if a blind man robs, or lien, or steals; ohl yes, it's far worse in him, who can barely live on the few halfpence that are tlirown to him In your crowded slreets, lthan in you, who cas see, and work, and arm not dependent on the nmercies of the world, A curse on you I You whto ihave seven setnsee may be wicked at your pleasure ; we who have six, antl want the mnost important, are to live and be moral on our afllhction. 'I'he true charily andl justice of rich to poor, all the wuhid over i" hi p1auSed a moment wheon tiu had said these words, and caughtl tle sountd of inouuy, jingliug ii hier hantd. " Well ?" he cried, quickly resuming his former m!anuer. "That should lead 'to something. The oint, widow ?" "' First answer me one question," she replied " You say he is close at hand. Has lie left London ?" '. Being close at hand; widow, it, would seem lie has," returned the blind man. "1 mean, for good ? You know that." " Yes, for good. The truth is. widow, that his making a longer stay there might have had disagree able consequences. lie has come away for that reason." " Listen," said the widow, telling some money out •upon a bench beside them. " Co~n:" "' Six," said the blind man, listening attentively. " Any morel" '!"They are the savings," she answered, "of five years. Six guineas." " He put out his hand for one of the coins; felt it carefully, puti between his teeth, rung it on the bench; and nodded to her to proceed. 0 S"'L T'hese have been scraped together and laid by, lest- sickness or deaiih should separate my son and me. They have been purchased at the price of much hunger, hard labour, and want of rest. If you can take them, do, on' condition that you leave this place upon the instant, and enter no more into that room, where he sits now, expecting your return." • Six guineas" said the blind man, shaking his head, "?though of the fullest weight that we'e ever roined, ?ar hort of twenty pounds, widow." "' Fo r's c'sum, as you know, I must write to a distant part of the country. To do that, and receive an answer, I must have time." " Two days ?" said Stagg. " More." " Four days ?'" " A week. Return on this day week, at the same hour, but not to the house. Wait at the coloer of the lane." " Of course," said the blind man, with a crafty look, " I shall find you 'there ?P" " Where elsecan I take refuge ? Is it not enough that you have made a beggar of me, and that I have sacrificed my whole atom, so hardly earned, to pre. serve this home 1" 'H flumph !" said the blind man, after some consi. deration. " Set me with my face towards the point you speak of, and sin the middle of the road. Is this the spot '" " It is." " On this d~y week at sunset. And think of hiin within doors.m Far tle present, good' night." She made him no answer, nor did he stop for any. lie went slowly away, turning his head from time to time, and stopping to listen, as if he were curious to know whether he was watched by any one. The shadows of niglit were closing fast around, and he was lost in the gloom. It* was not, however, until she had traversed the lane from end to end, and made Ssure that he was gone, that she re-entered the cottage, and hurriedly barred the door and window. ' Mother l": said Barnaby. " Whatr is the mattert Where is the blind man" "He is gone." "'Gone !" he cried, starting up. " I must have Imore talk with him. Which way did lihe take ?" " I don't know," she answered, folding her arms about him. " You must not go out tonight. There are ghosts and dreams abroad." SAy "'' said Barnaby, in a frightened whisper. ' It is not safe to stir. We must leave this place tomorrow.? ' " .i This place l This cottage, and the little garden, mother I' ? "?, Yes! 'Tomonrrow morning at sunrise. We must travel to London ;'lose ourselves-in that, wide place-there would be some trace of us in any othdr town-then travel on again, and find some new abode." Little persuasions was required .to reconcile Barna by to anything that promised change. In another minute, he was wild with delight; in another, full of.grief at the prospect of parting with his friends the dogs ;`in another, wild again ; then he was fearful of what ahelhad said to prevent his wandering ,abroad that night, and full of terrors and strange questions. His light heartedness in the' end nur " mounted all his other feelings, and lying down in his clothes to the end that le might be ready on the morrow, he soon fell fast asleep before the poor'turf fire. His mother did not close her eyes, but sat beside him, wantcshing. Every' breath of wind sounded in. lher ears' like thatl dreaded footstep at the door, or like tliat hand upon the latch, and made the calm summer. night a "night' o}' horror. At length the wvelconmeday appeared. When site had made the litlt\ie' epastions ' hich were needful for their jour ney, and had prayed upon her knees with many tears, she roused Barnaby, who jumped up gaily at her summons.' g His clothes were few enough, and' to carry Grip was a labour of love. As the sin shed his earliest beams upon the earth, they closed the door of their deserted home, and tirned away,. The sky was blue and briglt. Tihe air was fresh and filled with a ilousand perfumes. Barnaby looked upward, and laughed witlh all his heart. :i ,But it was a day lie usually devoted: to a long ramble, and one of the dogs, the ugliest of them all, came bounding 'up, and jumping round him in the fullness ofl his joy. He had to bid him go back in a surly tone; and hIis heart smote him while lie did so. The dog retreated ; turned ewill a half incredulaus, half-.mploring look; came a little back; and stopped. SItwas the last appealof an old companion and a failhful friend-cast off., Barnaby could. behr. no more, and as he shook hlishead and waved his play mate home, he burst into tears. -'' Oh, mother, mother, how mournful hewill be when he'iscratches at the door;sand finds it always shut I ?' ' T;Ihere was such a sense of home in the tholigh't; that though her own eyes overflowed she would not have obliterated the recollection of it,'eithler from her o;;~i mind orf t iom isi,,-for the'wealthof the whole wideworld. ' (To bte ontline.t) PAnIs 'rRADaSMN.,.--i Poris that tra"desiian assiumes the right of dictating to the taite of lils customers; In London; be only administers tblii. Enteir a Parisian: shop, and ask to be shown velvet,'silk,or ribaiad, to assort with a pattern oou hnaie brought of some particular colour or quality and the mercer, lhaving glanced at it somewhat' contlmptuously, places before you six or eight 'ieces of a different tint and texture. You tell him t'"at they are not similar to the pattern, and lihe nuswere, "'lThat may be; nevertheless, my goods are of the newest fishion, and inflitelysupertor.to your model.' a You say, " You prefer the colour of your own pattern, and must match it.? Hie pro. duces half n dozen pieces still mote unlike what you require; and to your renewed assertion, that no colour tut the one similar to your pattern will suit you, he assures you that his goods are superior to all otbers.and whlat you require is out of fashlnn, and a very bad article, and, consequenitly, lthatyou Lhad inuch better abandon your taste and adopt' his. 1.adv Blcsnhleon's Idler it France. -''there isa u nnin in one.of the sotlheru states so very broad-.shlouldered that it requires nine tailors to take his measure for a coat. 