NEWS OP THE DAY. The Rival Critics Reconciled at Last. — It is pleasant to find that there are some points, in which the respective critics of the Gazette and Examiner, can conscientiously agree with each other. Witness the singing, of Mrs Busiielle, iii the recent performance o'f Rob R6 y. In the ' Examiner of Wednesday, we find a critical judgement 'to the "following effect,—. "Much more pleasant is it to notice in terms of befitting admiration the fine singing of Mrs. Bushelle, which in MacGregor's Gathering and A h ! would it were my humble lot was deservedly and unanimously applauded;" while in the Gazette, of the day following we find it stated " that the attraction among the female perfor mers on that evening, was Mrs. Bushelle as Diana Vernon, whose chaste and melodious 'singing was rich in the extreme, especially in the song of the MacGregor's Gathering and Ah! would it were my humble lot " ! ! ! — The remarkable circumstance in the matter is, that the Examiner should have been a day before hand with the Gazette — not indeed that we would \ insinuate for one moment that the Gazette has j copied from us. On the contrary, we believe that for once in a way the rival critics have ' come to the sapie judgement, simultaneously — j and, on this ground, we respectfully submit, that j our taste is not so very had, as our good friend would liave his readers believe. Inquest. — -An inquisition was hcld-atthe New York Hotel, on Tuesday last, on the body of a person named Maddox, lately practising as a Surgeon in Sydney. '1 lie body of the deceased was found, on Tuesday, in the bush, about seven miles distant from Sydney, on the North Shore. The evidence of Mr. Surgeon Stewart, who inspected the body, went to shew that death was the result of natural causes, hastened by habitual intemperance, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. . ; Burglary. — A cottage, the property of Mr. Challenger, on the Botany road, was broken into by a number of men, early on Wednesday morning last. One of the party held a pistol to the head of Mr. Barnes, tlie master of the house, whilst the others stripped the cottage of property to a considerable amount. The police have since been engaged in investigating the matter, and, it is said, have obtained a clue which will lead to the detection and apprehen sion of the thieves. Victoria Theatre,— It is. rumoured, "that His Excellency the Govebnor will shortly visit this Theatre, when the usual attendance of rank and fashion may be expected, It is generally under stood that, on such occasions, the performances are " by command?" - Whether this be the cast or not, let us hope fo be able to speak favoura bly on the. subject, .whether the taste of Hit Excell ncy or of-the Manager bo exercised. The OLY5ipic;-TiiriATRE.— This 1 heatfo, which has been closedjiiiringtlie late inclement weath er, vvill re- op'dn to niglit; with novel gymnas tic and other feafs by- Signer Dalle Case and his comany. - - -V- Br-.ndy and Salt.— Mr. Tegg. has . sent -us a- curious book, which details surprising cures, by means of brandy and salt, prepared after a peculiar fashion.- We imust. leave.. the doctors to decide upon the mferits!»of4th'e..new sjstcm, an<J can only state our own opinion as to the best mode of administering this novel medicine. The book is so full of wonderful, cures, that we say, let Mr. Tegg!s brandy,, be taken cum grano ' sa is, that is "to. say, with a very smgd portion of salt, Thames Police Court. — Yesterday, a gen tleman, who said his name was. Taylor., residing at Anderson 's Hotel, applied to Mr. Broderip under the following- circumstances — lie said he had lately arrived from Sydney onboard of the brig. Robert ' Newton, :and that lie had paid £80 for his passage to this country. ; lie complained; that the captain had not furnished him with necessaries, such as cheese, butter, &c.;, on the voyage, and wished the magistrate to make an order to refund a portion of tlie7passage-money on that account. Mix Brodcrip said that neither he nor any other magistrate could interfere on such a subject, Tlie applicant had better take the advice of a solicitor. The applicant .— B ut I understood, Sir, that the magistrate would interfere in such a matter ; a /"great number of passengers from Sydney are constantly served in the same way. . Mr. Brodcrij).— You have your remedy for broach of contract, in the courts at Westminster. Applicant.— But surely, Sir, the | Lord Mayor would interfere- to prevent passen- j gers in vessels from being robbed in this; way ; j when at sea tlicy have no. remedy. Do you not ; think, Sir, that the Lord Mayor would order, some of the passage monev to lie returned, and , I would make a present of it to the poor. Mr. ; Broderip said, the "applicant did not appear to understand the laws of this country, but he I could tell him that neither the Lord Mayor nor j any other magistrate could legally make such an I order. If you had been, struck indeed. — The applicant. — The captain put his fist in my face, and threatened me, but I don't care much about that. I want. to make masters of ships use us passengers, who pay them handsomely,- better. We had nothing hut a boy— the cook's scullion — to wait on us ; and there was a lady passenger, who suffered much from the annoyance of short provisions and had attendance. "Surely Mr," said he, " you can do something to repress such an evil. To a ship of 3 0 tons, there were only seven men and two hoys,— a very inefficient crew." Mr. Broderip repeated, that he could not assist the applicant, iinlgss lie chose to take a warrant for the assault he had spoken of. Mr. Taylor said, that would hardly he worth, his while, if he could not get redress for the short ness of provisions, and left the office, apparently with a determination to try if the Lord Mavor could not assist him. The number of complaints of this description have lately become very numerous at this, office. — Times. Dec. 4 . The Ghost of. tiie Monitor. — If the Examin er be the Ghost of the Monitor, as the Gazette alleges, we may safely assert that like the apparition of the Royal Dane, it comes down upon the Gazette in " such a - questionable shape " that said Gazette must speak, and accordingly we have another 'three-fourths of a column of original 'composition, expressly devo ted to the Ghost aforesaid. The Gazette affects to laugh at the "goblin damned" but we think the laugh is rather on the other side. At all ..events, whatever of bullying and -bluster the Gazette mav find it convenient to assume, it is clear that the Ghost has frightened the Gazette from its propriety," both of language arid man- iiei's;— tbbugh instead of treating the . Ghost with epithets borrowed from Shakspeare,- the Gazelle comes forth with its own particailcir phraseology, which we arc content to hint at without introducing it, in all its grossness arid vulgarity, to- the notice of . .educated readers. A Hint to " insolventsA-r-In the . .Insolvent Court, on Thursday last, before Mr. Justice Stephen, William Robertson; a joiner, appeared , on sunimons of'his trustee.' to show cause why -ho- should not ho committed to gaol undu the 100 th section of - the Act. The insolvent esti mated his weekly income' at- 18s per week, with board- and "lodging, - and Ilis Honor therefore decided that he should pay his creditors at the l'ate of ten shillings per week; and added, that-, in the event of his not doing so, he must be sent to gaol. Tlie insolvent objected to this decision, -hut ultimately expressed his determination to comply with the terms stated, ITis Honor then directed the following order to be made in the case : — " In the - insolvent estate of William Robertson, it is ordered that William Rob' t- son he committed to gaol if he fails to pay ten shillings per week to the trustee » for the benefit of his creditors, from this date. — T)ate.d this 21s£ day ' of ApHl, 1842. By order of the Court." This is the first order made under the New Act, for payment of debts by an insolvent. The following is a copy of the section : — " C. And be it enacted, That at hny time or times, after the plan of distrihutioit of any insolvent Estate has been confirmed in manner herein before mentioned, or after the- distribution of the said Estate has been directed to be made under the provisions of this Act, and before the Insolvent shall have obtained his certificate and allowance thereof,1 it shall, (arid- 'may he lawful for the Trustees or any Creditor of the said' Estate, to applv to .the Supreme Court, for ah order of the said r ourt for the imprisonment of the said Insolvent; until satisfaction of his debt, or lawful discharge therefrom : Provided the said Insolvent' shall first have been duly summoned to appear before Such Court, on tho day whereon the said application shall be made, to show cause why such order should not be made; and, thereupon, and upon proof to the satisfaction of the said Court, that the said Estate is not sufficient to discharge the debts proved or proveable, against the said Estate as aforesaid, and that the Insolvent hath reason-, able means of discharging the same, or some part thereof, it shall and may he lawful for the Court to grant the said order absolutely or con7 ditionally, or to refuse the same, as to the said Court shall seem joist "and reasonable : provided that when the application shall be made by one or more creditors, and the said Court shall sus pend the same, upon the condition of the Insol vent paying any sum of money, periodically or otherwise," such payment shall be made to; the 'Trustees, 'or to tiie Cliief Commissioner, as the case may be, for tlie ' benefit" of all the Cre ditors." . Climates of England and New Zealand. — As compared with the climate of England, the cli mate of New Zealand has a groat superiority ; the escape from English weather, usual from November to April, is a sensible relief, and to .some systeriis, which'that season is apt to affect detrimentally, the change would he very desira ble. Tho hepatic, yellow-skinned disease of i India would he far more likely to yield to its influences than it would to the climate of A us- tralia, or of Erigland. Cases of consumption should not he sent out. As compared with the j climate of Australia, its superiority is consider ably augmented. The suirimer heats of Austra lia render the frame very irritable, and the ex treme changes to which you are there liable endanger health. The European, on landing there, finds the action of the skin greatly in creased ; the perspiration, incessant, relieve" at first, but soon frets the system ; in sue8 state any undue excitement, or exposure to viti1 at-d air, produces fever, increasing arteria- action, to be allayed only by-death ; or in suclil state, if exposed ito" the' causes of cold, a violent dysenteiy Sets in, extremely difficult to manage ; uncertain, often fatal in its results ; or causing chronic affections, which impede efforts for sub sistence . Diarrhoea is frequent, and also a virulent ophthalmia. ; it is no uncommon thing to witness a blind eye amongst the aboriginal inhabitants. The north blasts of Australia blow, as if from the mouth of a furnace ; tho soil, finely pulveri zed, owing to deficiency of moisture, is shovelled up by the wind ; and, in addition to "the suffo cating heat, you are terribly embarrassed by showers of dust poured upon you — eyes, nose, clothes are filled with it. I have known it blown .through the shingled rgof;aad descend in clouds, where no ceiling lias intervened, rendering food uneatable, and- linen unfit for use. Spasmodic complaints are frequent— I experienced a severe form of it myself, and the agony was tremendous. It was followed after frequent attacks, by cry- ripelas about the legs, and inability to move without pain ; at the same time, I attended fre quent cases all alike to my own. I sought a change of climate ; and a month in New Zealand renovated me entirely. — Bright' s Neiv Zealand. Society in Sydney,— A very incorrect opinion prevails in England regarding tho society on New South Wales. Into the minds of many, if seems impossible to instil the idea that tliit colony, which, even in 1837, had received as addition of thirty thousand free, emigrants, and capitalists, is no ; longer to be confounded with tlio penal settlement of Botany Bay. In its society, will now be found all tbat renders. private iife respectable, combined with much "of the do mestic elegance which we find in; England. Such are the fruits of wealth in all countries, and it has,, in Australia, boon crowned with the enjoynlent of comfort arid elegance. The early colonists; have exchanged their bark-roofed huts for handsome and comodious mansions ;: their families ride in London built carriages, and keep livery servants ; and it lias been calculated that, .with reference to the number of its inhabitants, the number of private vehicles of this kind' in New South Wales, is greater than in any other part of the world. It will, perhaps, be said that this affords no proof that New South Wales pos sesses good society. The very sanie remark is applicable to every country in which these luxu ries are found ; and it will he met by a position too generally received and acted upori to .he wholly void of truth, viz., that the posses sion of property, ameliorates the character, and constitutes, in fact', nine-tenths of what passes in the world for respeetabiltiy. It is not in quest of literary and scientific society - that people, emigrate, but in quest of money; or soirictimes in quest of health ; because, in these, colonies, competition can scarcely be said to exist, except in a few pursuits, especially law .and medicine, and because the fields of in dustry and exertion are many and inexhaustible... Other inducements to emigrate arc found In the just value of capital, and the high rate of inter est- which it hears ; in the relatively low price of land ; aiid in the facility which these combined circumstances create for effecting a provision for children, and placing a family permanently beyond the reach of indigence. The colonial population, therefore, in ail its stages, is active and ardent in the pursuits of business; and hours of leisure, instead of being consumed in, gaiety, are more wisely devoted to the sphere of home." There is hardly, any ccre'monious visiting in Sydney, arid few or no great dinner parties arc given,; such being inconsistent witli the aims of individuals who are engaged in the serious and noble duty of founding the prosper ity of their children.— Jameson's New South Wales. Release op Mr. Arden. — Yesterday, durin» the sitting of the Supreme Court. Mr. Arden was sent for under the custody of the gover nor of Her. Maje ty's gaol, and on appearing in court, was informed by the re ident Judge, that the remaining portion of his sentence of im prisonment was remitted,' and that, by a res pectful appeal to the Executive, he bad no doubt tho fine would also be discharged. V!r. Arden having presented a memorial on the subject/ to His Honour the Superin tendent, has received aai i timation, that on entering into securities to appear when called upon, he will be allowed to go at large until his case has been submitted to the favorable consideration of his Excellencv ; these securi ties will he given this day, and Mr. Arden will he restored to- liberty. — Geelong Advettiser, April 18th. 