st. patrick's total abstinence ;; society. On Monday.evening last, a numerous and very res pectable meeting 5of the members of the above society was held in . the School-room, Castlereagh- street, the Rev. P. Farrelly in the chair ; during the course of his speech, he read the following extract from an address by Dr. Murdoch, the Catholic Bishop ot Glasgow : — 44 Solomon, speaking of wisdom, says, that all good things came to him, along with it. It is equally true to assert, that all bad things come to. a man with drunkenness. It constantly carries, as a train, a hellish brood of evils. In common with every 'other sin of moral magnitude, it, by each one of its acts, offers an outrageous, insult to Almighty God ; it pro vokes his anger; it inflames his wrath ; it calls to heaven for vengeance! By svery one of its strokes, it inflicts a deep, a deadly, wound on conscience, it pollu tes the soul with a foul stain . of guilt, which, unless washed out here by the tears of bitter compunction, the flames of hell shall never erase. When it reaches a habit, it, I. may say, destroys the whole man. It perverts the will, and overwhelms it in an utter slug gishness, in as far 'as God's service; and the great busi ness of salvation, are concerned. It blots out of the .mind almost every good, every religious impression. It stupifies the understanding, and shuts its eye to the light of heavenly, of spiritual truths. It drives .from the human heart all fear of God, of death, of judgment and a miserable eternity. It sears the conscience, hardens and steels the heart, and renders it impervious to every good and holy sentiment. It ilrovvns the inspirations of the Holy Ghost, and counteracts all tlie operations, of his grace. It renders null and void the Sacraments, and all the other aids and means .of-. sal-, vation with which the. God of bounty lias so abundantly provided his creatures. It makes a man heedless of every warning, deaf to every entreaty, regardless of i every menace, reckless of every consequence. 1 1 .com-, ipletely brutalizes .the .-mind, and exterminates from the « bosom every good- every affectionate— every grateful — -every honourable, feeling. .It tears up, by the root, even the love that the hand of nature has planted in the breast of man in regard of his. own offspring. It converts its votary into a cruel, a savage monster. It arms him for any deed of atrocity. Thus it has often embrued the hancj of the father in the blood of the son, and crimsoned that of the motlier in'the gore of her daughter.- Finally, delivering its slaves over to all the phrenzy of despair, it has, not unfrequently, plunged them into the pond, or river, there to perish ; tied the fatal l/ope round their necks; applied the suicidal knife to their throats ; directed the deadly, contents of the pistol into their hearts or into their heads ; and, in a variety of other ways, sent their criminal souls to the judgment-seat of God, under the whole load of their guilt, and hurled them into the pool of fire and brim stone, from whence the smoke of their torments shall ascend for ever and ever." The meeting was addressed by Drs. Whittell and Little, and by Mr; M. Kelly, and at its conclusion about fifty persons took the pledge. The meeting was upon the whole a very interesting one. 