CHRISTENING OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. This ceremony was performed with great pomp at St. George's Chapel, Windsor. His Majesty the King; of Prussia was present on the occasion. We have only space to make the following extract from a lengthy report of this interesting proceeding : On the Queen's entering the choir, the grand march from Judas Maccabeus was performed on the organ by Dr. Elvey. Before its completion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, and a. signal was given to discontinue the performance. It was understood that Her Majesty had expressed a wish that the ceremony should not be protracted by instrumental performances, and that it was in compliance with the "Queen's express desire, and that alone, that any abbreviation took place in the musical arrangements previously decided on. The organ having ceased, the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of the baptismal service. His Grace read the beautiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impressive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Archbishop came to the questions propounded to the godfathers and godmothers of children brought to be baptized. His Grace then turning to the sponsors, must impressively demanded of them as follows: " Dost thou, in the name of this Child, re- nounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, and the carnal de I sires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow, nor be led by them ?" To this the King of Prussia replied for the sponsors generally, in conformity with the words of the Liturgy, " I renounce them all." His Majesty delivered this sentence I and the other responses in the service quickly, but distinctly and emphatically. His accent did not appear to be at all that of a foreigner. The Archbishop having arrived at that part of the service in which he is to take the child into his arms, Her Grace the Duchess of Buccleuch received the infant Prince from the nurse, who stood close to the Queen and Prince Albert, and delivered His Royal Highness to the Archbishop. His Grace held the Royal child in his arms with the greatest care, surrendering the prayer book to the Bishop of London, who held it for him during this part of the solemnity. His Grace then turned to the King of Prussia and the other sponsors, and said, Name this child." His Majesty replied in a clear voice, " We some him Albert Edward." The Archbishop then performed the holy rite of sprinkling and signing the mark of the cross upon the child's forehead saying, " Albert Edward I baptize thee, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The organ gave forth, and the congregation joined in a solemn "Amen." The Prince lifted his little hands on being sprinkled and crossed. The Archbishop then delivered up the Prince to the Mistress of the Robes, who carried His Royal Highness to his nurse. Prince Albert was observed to watch most attentively His Royal Highness's progress from the font to the nurse's arms. The Queen also cast glances of motherly pride and delight at the youthful heir to the throne. The "Prince of Wales appeared to be a remarkably fine boy, and behaved with the most princely decorum. The Archbishop then offered up the thanks- giving for the admission of the child as a member of Christ's Church, and then, all kneeling, the holy prayer given to Christians by the Saviour was most impressively delivered. At this moment the scene was solemn and magnificent in the extreme, and would afford a worthy subject for the pencil of the artist. At the conclusion of the service the Prince was carried from the choir to the chapter room, and the organ pealed forth the magnificent "Hallelujah Chorus" of Handel. Prince Albert was observed to beat time during its performance, and the Queen cast repeated glances at the organ gallery, which, without any great stretch of imagination, might be construed to be expressive of Her Majesty's satisfaction and approbation. Her Majesty also once or twice during the ceremony addressed herself to Prince Albert and the Lord Chamberlain. The chorus having been brought to a con* slush the Queen curtseyed most fertile fully, first to the King of Prussia and the Sponsors, then to the Archbishop and the | Ecclesiastical, and then, with a kindly smile, to her uncle, the Duke of Sussex, who stood near her. Then taking Prince Albert's arm, Her Majesty, left the choir in the same form as she entered it V The Queen having retired, the King of Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered his arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge and the rest of the Royal party. The Archbishops and other Prelates next passed out of the chapel, leaving it by the south door. The company assembled in the body of the choir were then permitted to pass to the altar table, to inspect the plate, the font, Sir. Great, anxiety was shown to dip a handkerchief or glove into the water of the font brought from the Jordan, with a view to treasure up such articles as reminiscences of this auspicious occasion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach to the font and altar, that it was some time ere the chapel could be finally cleared. Among the occurrences of the day most particularly observed, was the devotion evinced by the King of Prussia. During the performance of the baptismal service His Majesty never once was seen to take his eyes from his book, save when he was called upon to answer the interrogatories of the Archbishop. His Majesty's conduct throughout the service was indeed a pattern for princes and for subjects. Mr. Hayter was present, by command of Her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony and Mr. Baxter, the artist, was present, by Her Majesty's permission, for the same purpose. 