To the Editor of the "Inquirer" Sir, — Little being known at the Swan of the progress or proceedings at Australind, I take the opportunity of a few leisure minutes to say a few words on the subject. Within the last few months the advancement of this settlement has been highly creditable to the Australindians, indeed, I doubt if even Perth made such progress in so short a time. The surveys are nearly completed, houses are appear- ing in every direction, farms are progressing, and indeed every thing augurs well for its future pro- gress ; but above all none despair, all hope for the best, and unanimously work together for the attainment of the one desired end,— the prosper- ing of the settlement. And why should it not prosper? It is the finest district in the colony as yet known, possessing good soil, good feed, and abundance of water in the dry season. I am answered perhaps, that the hundred acre sections can never succeed ; but that I deny, for these reasons, — first with regard to agriculture, why, there are but few farms on the Swan that have even a quarter of that quantity in cultivation, and secondly, with regard to the cattle run, there will always be more feed in the mountains than will be required. Then perhaps, I am asked what is a man to do with any portion of the North West corner of the Company's large grant, why, I an- swer, that every inch of the sandy lands is highly valuable for the cultivation of vines, they being all limestone formation and well sheltered ; more- over, the anchorage in Koombanah Bay has been tried and found to be perfectly safe, even in North West gales. The Estuary I grant is shal- low, but might be improved at but a trifling ex- pense. Indeed if the Australindians will only con- tinue to act in unity, I have but little doubt that in a few years it will be the first district not only in the colony, but on the continent of Australia. One thing in favour of the settlement is, it is well directed ; for although I have not the plea- sure of knowing Mr. Clifton the Chief Commis- sioner, still I must say, from what I have heard, that his exertions, arrangements, and the personal superintendence of every thing, reflects the highest credit on himself and the Directors of the Com- pany. Another, is the unity and friendship existing between all the Australindians; ever ready to as- sist each other, bound together by the association of remembrances of difficulties endured in the early settlement of the district, and desirous of seeing each other prosper, they will, and must succeed. Let us therefore, of the Northern district, for- bear our croaking that Australind cannot succeed ; let us remember, that on the prosperity of Aus- tralind, depends the prosperity of Western Aus- tralia, and that if it fails, Western Australia will then be like Dr. Goldsmith's definition of a ghost, "A thing often talked of but seldom seen." The interests of Australind and Western Australia are essentially blended together, hand in hand must they advance, and thus, and thus alone will Western Australia ever be what she ought, and earn the right of being placed among thriv- ing and supporting colonies of our Mother Country. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, DELTA. [We are very glad to hear such favourable ac- counts of the progress of the settlement at Aus- tralind. But what does our correspondent mean by calling upon the people of the Northern dis- trict, "to forbear their croaking that Australind cannot succeed ? we have never heard of such "croaking." We are quite alive to the value of the new settlement, and only join in the universal feeling when we say that we wish it every imagin- able success, but we cannot agree with our cor- respondent that "on the prosperity of Australind depends that of Western Australia ;" thus mak- ing the stronger depend upon the weaker, where- as the contrary would have been a more rational proposition. The Western Australian Company and all connected with it might fail to morrow, which providence avert, but it is somewhat ex- travagant to suppose that such a catastrophe would have the effect predicted by our corres- pondent. — Ed.] 