ENGLAND. CHIlSTENING OF THE PRINCE OF WAIES. This ceremony was perfrnra.d i ih great pomp. at st. Ge6irge's :Chapel,. Windsor. His Majesty the Kinlg ~tf Piussia was prescnt oil the occusiol. tre have only spaceto tnike the foftow. eil ernct from a lentgthy report of this ieresting proceeding : int CtltIts'TENINo.-()In the Quecn', re5tring the choir, the granid march from das Maenbheus was performed on the man by Dr. Elvey. Before its com ltin. however, tIe royal party had sk'n their nseats, and a signal was given odiscontiniue the perform;ance. It was "ulerstood that her Majesty hlad ex. ressed a wish that the ceremony should _ot be protractd Ify instrc,,nucta -pei crInnceP. acid that it was in compliance iih the Que.en's exoress desire and that aone that auiy abbreviatipn took place ia Itn musical arraungeiects previously -?eided on. 'Tie organ havin.g eased the Arch hichep of Canterbue.+ coin mPenced the readlig of the banplsh, s., rvice?. R is race re.adcl thee he buiiil Liturlgy of the Church in a clear as? imnltresive tone f voice, calculated tosHwaken the live liest senlse of the solemnnity of the oc csion. Nothiiihi particular occurredt iln Ihe perusal of the seivice until tihe jrchItiahop came to the qu;ietiins pro pundled, to the .-odialthers and- god cthiers brought to lie iaptised. His Grace.t.,then turnintg to- the plionsorsf, ost .!inpressively demanded of them as IloliwS :-: l* I)ost thou, in. the name of this Child, renounce the Devil and all his wioka, with all covert:u desi es of the bnlleP, Itd thie eanral' cdesires of thle flesh, .e that thou wilt nrot follow, ior be led by th: m.a " ToIthis. thi King of Prussia replied for the sponsors ?enerally, ii conilormity swithl thIe woirils of the Iitucrgy, " I re. nouctle them all." His Msje'sty delivered this seicltecen anc the other responises in thes'rvice quihkiy hut dclistinctly and cmelhatically. His nacent did iot up. pear to be at all.that of a foreiiner. T'he Archbiihop having arrivedot at that iact of thie service in whicih he is to take t"he child inro his arm , her Grace the D)uchess of Buticleurh received the in f?Rnt Prince frm the nurse, who etood close to lthe-Q'eet andt PrinIce Albert, ned delivered lhis Rioyal Ilighiels to the Archbishop.. Hlis Gracs" held the reyal child in his arms with the gretaest are, -urrendei ig thie prayer book to thie Bishop of' London, who held it ior him clduring this unrt of the solemnity ilis Grace then uolnedtl.to the Kiing of I'russia. ate l tie oth1er sponsors.landI seaid,. "'Name: this cheile."' Ils- llajedty re. eliled ill a cl.an voif'Oe,: " WeY naime himue Albrert Edward." The A'icltbihshiil .tIhen pe r'orned the I lly 'rite -of sprinkling sed siteingg tihe maik of the cross upon the child's fo~reheaeiy sayilng,' . Alt ert Eelwetd I bapti'r :theee, in the. name of lh?e Flther, iand -of the Sol, and-of the Hoflt Ghost.". T''he 'iirieai gave forth, ind the congre h ticin jetited:in a sciemn Ameo.e Thi' 1Prince Iitted his little hIaitdssiiolleticg .sprinkled and croisseel. Trlie Archlishop thei deliveted ui, thle Pince, to thic Mi.trss0o1 jhe Rolbes, • hii carri d hie:lbvita- FlighnIess to his eut se. "'rinocc Abite' t ?ets :obeyr ved' to watch nmii.itielte' t ivelv hf itsltciyeil [-High. Ies-.',fiprieg,'esst fromet tie -f:lont -to thle IIIurse's s i n .T'he: Qul?eeCi also cast hlences of inotlherly pride antd delight at ithe 3you'thlei heir' to tle Ihroni; 'Ihe l'iiito e - \e'hes setpdipieird to lee a re m.erkaibly fine boy, ad behavled with most prin?iely clecoium .: The Archbishop.thei offereid up thac thanksgivinCg for tfce:admimssitn if the child as a mmbinir iif Christ ii Church, antI the,. till kkneeltIg, the holy prayer gtven to C(hritsilns iy the Savioutr was teost impressively delivered. A t. this mtie`e?nit the scenen was sole-mn and ning n ticcut in the itrl c ,nii accil would al turt a woithy subjett for thie peiicil of tIc, atest. At. the :conclusion of the service the P'r nee was carritied trol7the cltir to tile chfiaplr.rooen, and the or•te'. peaIel for th the. mgniilirontle ' l1llelnjaiI Chiorus" of Flandel. , I' ici Albert was ohserved to Ieat. time during :iis pi fo' nitance, -acld the Queen at?t repeatiedl glances at te riguta gallery,'a hiih, wit hoot asey geat stretch of :icgiilatioto, might be con. strued to Ie explressive oft her N,:jesty's satisfaclion and approulationi. Her Mu* jesty also nce. or twice during the ceremony addressed herselff to Pintce Aih'ct andti the Lcid Clmhtltain.. The chorus b tvig b-~en brought to a concilusion, thle Queen cuirtiseed tmott gracefully, first to the K ng of Prussia nidrthe Spoisors,'then to the Arcllhbishop and.l e Eccle.iast ics, , andi thetn, wSth a kindly smnile, to her unicle, the Duke of Sussex, who stood c.neer. her. - Then tn kilg.-Pirince Alhert's arm. her Mlujestly left .the, choir in the same form as she eceired, '1.. 'lhe Quren having retired, thie King of Prussia bowed lto tihe nladies of the Coiurt, and thcin to the Ecclesiastics His Mlijesty thile offered his arm to the Duchres of Kj'" anid left the cheir by tle south door followed by tie Duke of Camhredge anuc~khe rest of the Royal party. The ArchbishopP and other Prrlates ,eext pasbed oiut of the chapelrI, leaving it by tile south door. Tl;he cinmpancy is. iemhled in the hIitdyl of tihe choir were then permit ted to pass to thie altur table, to inspect the plate, thie loot, &c.; Great acxiety was shown to dip a hand kerchiel or glove .into the weter of the Iont brought from the Jordoa, with a view to treisuie up such articles as reminisceises oi.this aus?liriou, occeesitw. Indeedtl, surh was the anxiety toapproach to the lont acid altar, that it was homene time re tlhe rlchapel could be fileally ?lc'ei~eef; '" - Ame-ng the occuIrences 'if the: day most paeticulamly observed, was the de ovdtish vinced. y the Kmg of PIussia. Durit 'g - I'e p,,rlot monce olI he ba pl isnal seevitce Its M'fj:.Lty never ouce was seen to take his eyes from his bhook, save when he was called upon to answer the interrogatories of the Archbishop. His IMajesty's conduct throughout the ser vire was indeed a pattern for princes and for subjects. Mr. Hayter was present, by commandn of her Mlajesty, for the purpose of tn king a sketchi of the baptismal cere. nit,!; and Mr, Baxter, the artist, was present, by her Mzijesty'- permission, for the same purpose. .: 