__________STRAWBERRY HILL. _________[ From the Spectator. ] __STRAWBERRY HILL has for about half a century been occasionally talked of, rarely visited. Its very owners have neglected it To judge by appearances, not a shilling has heeu expended upon it since Lord Orford's death. The furniture has a faded look ; the place feels cold and comfortless. The gulf of the French revolution, and the wars of Napoleon, yawns between the generation which tenanted and enjoyed the house and that which now lives. The visitors, who, at the summons of George Robins, flock to see it before it be broken up to be sold in speci- mens, have no sympathies — scarcely a tra- ditionary connection — with the contempora- ries of Horace Walpole. Strawberry Hill has become a more genuine and interesting an- tique than ninety-nine in the hundred of those which its lord was so fond of collecting. __It ia a more quaint monstrosity than any to be found among all Horace Walpole's old China. He bought it of Mrs. Chenevix, the toy-woman, and made, a toy of it — a Gothic castle, with two cross-roads instead of a moat, between London, the home of Cock- nies, and Hampton Court, one of their favor- ite resorts upon holidays. Within his nar- row walls he mixed up the hall of the feudal baron, the refectory of the monastery, the snuggery of the man about town in the time of the Second and Third Georges ; and he stuffed them with the most miscellaneous as- sortment of curiosities — grotesque fragments of gothic carvings, fine specimens of the arts of Italy and the Netherlands, china that excited the envy of all the old women of his age, books that a Dibdin might kneel and worship, and books prized by those who judge of them by the worth of their contents more than by their age and scarcity. And yet there was a unity in this motley collec- tion ; but it was the unity given to it by the spirit of him who collected it All these strange nicknames became part and parcel of Horace Walpole. When we speak of him we think not of his bodily frame, which he inherited from his father and mother, but of the larger frame which his spirit collected, organised, and animated for itself. The gathering and arranging of the museum of Strawberry Hill was the business of his life — what he came into the world to do. Half a century was spent in putting it together ; all the emotions of his soul — his hopes and fears, angers, loves — were called forth in the performance of the task. Till he was forty he amused his leisure hours.with political in- trigue, and, after that age, he whiled them away criticising his contemporaries ; but his hard-working hours were devoted to Straw- berry-Hill. His mind and his affections an- imated the place, and still animate it ; the house became his body and his mind, its liv- ing soul. Horace Walpole did not die when Lord Orford ceased to exist. The dismant- ling- of Strawberry Hill, will be his real death — the giving back of his body to the elements — the true " dust to dust." __It is self-deception to speak of regretting the dispersion of the bijouterie of Strawberry Hill, seeing how little we thought of it, or looked at it, while it remained among us. It has for long years stood among a gay and busy crowd in all the loneliness and isolation of old age, which has seen all its contem- pories die away from its side. It is high time that it should depart and be at rest. The spirit of the owner which tenanted it — whose hand was visible to the mental eye on the banisters, like that of the ghost in his own Castle of Otranto— must have been more vexed by the revels of its recent occupants than it will be by, the dismantling. Its ele- ments be reincorporated into other collec- tions. Perfect in its kind, it can never be forgotten ; it will live in its author's writings ; there it will be ever fresh--— none of the fading and mildew of decay can appear there. __THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON AND THE AFFGHAN WAR. — A curious circumstance is related of the Duke of Wellington, with reference to the Affghan war. During his late visit at Strathfieldsaye, he applied himself to the details of this grievous war, nnd bringing to bear upon it his great military skill, and his extensive knowledge of Indian war- fare, he wrote and sent to the other members of the Cabinet an elaborate and most valuable body of suggestions, for adoption by the Governor General of India. The wonder is, that, at his Grace's time of life, and in his impaired state of health, he should have been able thus to apply his mind and to give such valuable advice. We have heard that the vigour of the plan, and the excellence of the suggestions, took the Cabinet no less by surprise than the announcement will do the public. It will be recollected that his Grace refused to lend his countenance, last year, to the unjust attacks upon the Whigs for their Indian policy, and he has always urged the prose- cution of the war on the frontier, not because there is any peculiar advantages in these possess- ions beyond the mountains, but because it is ne- cessary to prevent any ill effect arising in India generally from our defeat. Long ago, it was de- clared that our empire in the East was only an empire of opinion ; and, if our character for prowess be impaired, the possible results cannot be anticipated. However foolish the first attempt to pass into Cabul maybe thought, and however worthless the occupation of these provinces may be, it is too late now to do otherwise than retrieve our lost character ; and this must lead to a large outlay. — Glasgow Argus. __THE CITY POLICE CRUSADE AGAINST THE LICENSED VICTUALLERS. — THE ABOMINABLE SPY SYSTEM. — Yesterday the time of Alderman Cope- land and Lainson was occupied for several hours in hearing informations laid by the Police against the licensed victuallers of the City. The first case was against Thomas Conner, of the Smugglers' Cave, a most notorious house in Field-lane, for suffering disorderly conduct. A solicitor appeared for the defendant. Joseph Herrington, 218, stated that on the 17th instant, he and another policeman went to the defendant's house, disguised as butchers. (A laugh.) There were four persons dancing. They asked him to sing and dance, which he did, and he also partook of some porter. He was asked to toss for a pot, which he refused, and a man said, if the butcher would not sing, he would fight him for a pot. There were 30 or 40 persons in the room, and as they were going away two men wan- ted to fight. The landlord afterwards asked them to have some gin. This occurred about 10 at night. Mr. Alderman Copeland said, he and his brother Alderman were of opinion the policemen had acted very badly in this case. They had gone in dis- guise to entrap the landlord, and then smoked, danced, drunk, and sung. This was disgraceful. The case must be dismissed. The next informa- tion was against Connor for allowing card-playing in his house on the 19th instant. The police, in this case also, went disguised as butchers, and the charge was clearly established, though an attempt was made to prove the ignorance of the defendant as to what was going on. The policemen had a pot of beer which they did not pay for, as they were mistaken for the men who had been there on the 17th. Inspector Woodruff then gave evidence of a former conviction, and said the house was the most notorious in the neighbourhood, two of the police having been severely wounded there on Monday night, and were now in the hospital. In- spector Penny, of the R divison, gave a similar character of the house. Mr. Alderman Copeland said he could not forget the character of the house — it was the resort of thieves ; the late proprietor had prosecuted his own son. The police officers had been indicted for perjury, but acquitted, and two of their officers were now suffering in the hos- pital from injuries received at the house. He should inflict a fine of £5. The next offence would be £50, and the two convictions would be sent to the Clerk of the Peace. Mrs. Elizabeth Burns, of the Coach and Horses, Aldersgate-street, was fined 40s. and costs for permitting card-playing on Mon- day night. Mr. Peter Coalson, of the Coach and Horses, Creed Church-lane, Duke-street was charg- ed with serving during divine service on Sunday. The Alderman said in all cases he was determined to protect the fair trader, and inflicted a fine of £5. at the same time he was sorry to see the police were obliged to go in disguise. Inspector Wood- ruff stated that some houses did more business on Sunday mornings than all the rest of the week, and kept " touters" to give notice of the arrival of the police. Alderman Copeland said he was aware of that. — Weekly Dispatch. __THE NEW KNIGHTS OF THE GARTER. — The four orders of the Garter, now vacant by the deaths of the Duke of Norfolk, the Duke of Cleveland, Marquis of Hertford, and Earl of West- moreland, will be conferred, this morning, by her Majesty, in person, upen the Dukes of Buck- ingham, Beaufort, Cleveland, and the Marquis of Salisbury. The ceremony of investiture will take place at Buckingham palace, when her Ma- jesty buckles the garter, with her own hands, round the leg of each of her knights. — Morning Post. __At the investiture of the most honourable military order of the Bath on Wednesday, at Buckingham palace, the Queen was pleased to confer the honor of knighthood upon the Vice Admiral Sir John Chambers White, and Rear- Admiral Sir Charles Richardson, with the sword of Field Marshal his Grace the Duke of Welling- ton, and not with the sword of State. __It is generally believed in the naval circles that Admiral Sir David Milne, G. C. B., will succeed Admiral Sir G. Moore in the Plymouth command ; Admiral Sir Charles Rowley, G. C. B., the Ports- mouth command ; and Rear Amiral Hyde Parker, C. B., to be the successor to Rear Admiral the Honourable D. P. Bouverie, whose time is up in July next — United Service Gazette. 