CIIUSAN, CHINIIAE, NINGPO. ("From the Chinese Repository for October. ) Progress of the second expedition up to the 25th instant has been reported here; with the taking of Chusan on the 1st, Chinhae on the 10th, and Ningpo, on the 13th. Adverse winds, usual at this season of the year, prevented its more rapid progress north, and kept the ships wind-bound for several days, thus delaying-its operations. After taking Chusan on the 1st, several days were spent waiting for the winds to moderate, during which lime parties were sent out to see that no military remained upon the island. One party went through the valleys to Singkong, where the Columbine and Nemesis "met them, and from whence, many of the soldiers, it was ascertained, had passed into Seaou Sha-aou. From this last place, the party was informed that the prefect started, carrying off with him his treasure. This party returned over the hills, crossing the head of Chaeho valley, on his way back. Two other parties went out, each in a different direction. One of these two, on its return, brought in twentyrtwo bullocks. At first there was some difficulty iti procuring provisions; but -the people, being well paid, soon of themselves began to bring in their pro duce, and their was, at the last dates, an abun dance of every thihgaf Chusan. Regarding the retaking of Tinghae, our information is as yet so incomplete that we must refrain from saying more than that the loss was severe oh the side of the Chinese : 1500 men are reported to have fallen ; and Sir Hugh Gough himself, is said to have led on the attack. On the 8-h, the weather having become mild and fair, Chinhae was reconnoitered ; the ships moved on towards it the next day, and the place was taken on the 10th. The "fire-eating Commissioner Yukeen, and General Yu Poo- yun, were there during the action. The com missioner seeing the odds taming against him, tried to kill himself by drowning, but was taken out of the water by his attendants, and carried off; and report says, what is yet doubtful, that he went as far as Yuyaou, and there died of poison or- of swallowing gold. The general, doubtless, designing to " fight another day," prudently retired to Ningpo, but not until he found his stronghold no longer defensible. The troops at Chinhae were numerous, and the works of defence extensive and as strong as the Chinese could make them. Here too the destruction of life is supposed to have been great; among the killed were many officers, of whom several are said to have committed suicide. Ningpo, a beautiful city, and fully two-thirds the size of Canton, was occupied 011 the 13th. Trusting to Chinhae, from which it is distant only a few miles on the same side of the river, the Chinese had prepared no defences at Ning po, except some men with jingalls and match locks, wito fled as soon as they ascertained that the British forces were advancing. The steamers did not reach the town till near dark, when the officers had moved off, leaving behind them m the public treasury about 60,000 Spanish dollars. Ningpo is the chief of a pre fecture of the same name, and a fine specimen of Chinese cities; its streets are comparatively wide, and the place abounds with arches (pae fang,) chiefly of the Ming dystany, affording some beautiiul specimens of ornaments deeply cut in granite. Public agents; for the care oi property detained or captured, were appointed, and they had already about 100,000 Spanish dollats in specie or goods under their care. The inhhabitatus had many of them written ' over tiie doors of their houses, " submissive people." Ori the 20th and 21st the Nemesis and Phlegethon moved, up the river about forty miles westward to Yuyaou without hinderance or opposition. The scenery all along the river is described by these who visited it, as being most beautiful. Yuyaou is the chief city of a district of the same name. Letters have been received here from Amoy to the 29th; All then was quiet, and the Chinese merchants were beginning to confide in their new masters. Supplies were abun dant. The loss of the Chinese at Amoy was detailed to some extent in a memorial to the Emperor by Yen Pihtow, Governor of Fuhkeeu and Chekeang, who asks . for 3,000,000 taels of silver (or about 3,333,000 dollars) for imme diate use. Keang l£eyun, of Kinmun, (or Quemoy,) the governor says, fell into the water and died, in endeavouring to drive hack -ihe assailants, as they were landing He was the commander-in-chief of the naval forces, . the admiral beingtothe northward and wind-bound. Four other officers are reported, by the gover nor, as having fallen in the action : their names are Ling Che, Hwa Kwoking, Yang Shanke, and Le Kerning—- one a colonel, and the others of the rank of ensign. Wang Shetsin, Na Tanchoo, and Yang Tingkeang; were among the wounded ; the first, a major ; the second hand third, lieulenarit-coionels. Among the' soldiers, the killed and wouuded were very many. Lin has been recalled and ordered on. to the Yellow River, which has rebelled and over flowed its banks, producing great destruction at the capital of Ilonan, laying it in ruins An Irish Ghost.-—' TheiDublin journals speak of an Irish ghost who has— very ap propriately—been playing the devil in the neighbourhood of that city. Among other freeks, he knocked at the street-dour of an isolated house," walked up stairs, and held a conversation with a- lady, who dis covered that he was ' the spectre of her de ceased brother. He seems to have been a most conscientious goblin, of strict business habits, for he requested his sister to pay some trifling debts he had contracted when " in the flesh." This rigid attention to the interests of his creditors it very credit able to the honesty of an Irish phantom. The Dublin papers do not inform us what dialect he spoke .in; but as a dead man would naturally wish to speak in a dead language, we suppose it was either in Greek or Latin. Expenditure of the Royal House hold for 1840.— Bread, £2,350 ; butter, bacon, cheese, and eggs, £5,150 ; milk and cream; £1,500 ; butcher's meat, £10,000 ; poultry, £4,250 ; fish, £1,180 ; grocery, £5,000 ; oilery, £1,850 ; fruit and confectionery, ;£1,980 ; vegetables, £520 ; wine, £5,250 ; liquors, &c.;, £2,000 ; ale and beer, £3,000 ; wax candjes, £2,150; lamps, £4,950; fuel, £6,910; stationery, £872; turnery, £400 ; braziery, £950; china, glass, fire., £1,576; linen, £2,504 ; washing of table and other linen, £3,250 ; plate, £355. Total annual expenditure of the Royal Household £69,765. 