TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTOJf COURIER. Clarence. Anril 3rd. Ifiii Sm, ? , I make no apology for sending you the enclosed that .1 have cut out of a New Zealand paper. It mar give a direction to the thoughts of many, and prove ben. eficial when we shall be called upon to exercise our franchise. The ephemeral nature of an electioneering squib is seldom able to convey so much sentiment ; but! though advocating a party, its spirit is as Anglo-Saxon as the parchment on which Magna Charta wts written. I have added one or two notes illustrating some of tbe illustrious names alluded to. Yours, truly, ft ?\v. 1 THE GOOD OLD CAUSE. An Election Ballad. ( From the Tablet of June 26th. 1841. ) Hurrah, hurrah, for the good old cause I ' / is a stirring sound to hear ; url1.1?!15 of the 'Shts a»d franchises Which our fathers bought so dear. It brings us back to the ancient times, When like valiant men they stood, To sprinkle our infant liberties ? With the baptism of blood; Whilst mailed baron and mitred priest Came riding o'er the lea, To wring from the tyrant's palsied hand fhe charter of the free I It brings us back to the glorious day, When tbe proud Queen did not dare 1 o uphold the great monopolies In spite of her people's prayer : It brings to us Eliot's* dungeon room To the spot where Hampdenf fell And the scaffold that echoed the noble words Of Sydney's^ last farewell : It summons the ghosts of buried men To receive our fond applause, And bids to tread in the steps of those Who died for the good old cause 1 The good old cause! it is still tbe same. .....1 bough parties have chanced their hue : op lC8USe of the 'Sht aRainst '« »™ng. Of the many against the few ; 'Tis the cause of all that would dwell at peace On a free, untainted sod ; Of the poor, that weep in their foodless homes. Of the people and their God I \\\ e have still the brave old work to do And the selfish hate to dread Of slaves that once would have forged us chains And now would deny us bread! The good old cause I it has champions yet, Like those who have passed away ; The barons of liunnymede all are dust, But FitzwilliamU »»« to-day; And liberty's oak still waves its boughs O'er the Howard's|| rich domains ; And the old, heroic martyr stream Still floMs in a Kussell's§ veins; And our Queen is with us— the bright, the fair And around her throne she draws Ihe men that will stand, with heart and hand, In defence of the good old cause I But, thanks to the chiefs of the olden time, And the laws which in blood they wrote. We need no weapon to crush our foes Save the freeman's honest vote ; And whoever burns with a noble pipe At the sound of England's namiv And would scorn to barter his country's weal 1'or the sake of wealth or fame,** But would ralher follow the red-cross flag Where the storms of battle roll, Must prove that he comes of British race At the hustings and the poll I But the coward slave (if such there be) ^ That would sell his birthright now, Or the smile of lordling's brow, May his neighbour shrink from bis proficr'd hand, As though it were soiled for aye, And may every women turn her cheek From his perjured lips away ; May his country's curse be ou his head, And may no man ever see A gentle bride at the traitor's side, Or children about his knee 1 A nd some will menace, and some will cajole, And some will eulreat with tears; We have scorn for threats, and laughter for lies, And pity for idle fears : We look on our vote as a solemn trust, For a mighty purpose given. Arid will answer the use we make of it To none but ourselves and heaven : We have no less stake than the proudest peer In our country and its laws, And a single voice may incline the scale To the side of the goud old cause I Alpha, * Sir John Eliot was imprisoned with John Hampden. for refusing to contribute to the odious ship money of Charles 1st. in 1G26, and remained there until his death in 1632. His son petitioned Charles to let his father's body be interred in his native soil, among his ancestors, i in Cornwall, but the monarch had the brutality to write at the foot of the petition : 'let Sir John Eliot's body be buried in the parish church where he died,' and ac cordingly it was thrust into an obscure corner in the Tower Church. f John Hampden was wounded whilst leading up a party of horse to support some parliament troops,- de- feated by the fiery Prince . Rupert at Chalgrove, in Buckinghamshire, and died six days after, in 1643. ^ vjuuiiiei .nigeriioii ovuney. ueneaoeaon lower mil, in 1683. He mountedthetcaffoldwithanairof triumph. His parting words were few, his prayers short, and having placed a paper in the hands of the Sheriff as his ' last legacy to the world, and last testimony to the good old cause, he laid his head upon the block, and was dis- 7 patched at a blow. ? -?-??.?? ~ j \ The present Lord Fitiwillfami during his'fatfier's lifetime, Lord Milton. Ever a steady friend to liberal principles, and who very properly. denominated the last coronation as 'an empty pageant, and a relic of feudal profuseness of expenditure. ... || The present Duke of Norfolk, Bernard Howard, and his Son, the late Lord Surrey, now Lord Maltravers, profess the same principles that their ancestors have held in esteem now some centuries. § Russell's name is enough. The shade of his pa triot ancestor will ever exist, and be hallowed in our memories. Lord John's ^connexion with every thing that is liberal, intellectual, and high minded, requires no comment, ' . .??.., ?* Up to the last year of, tier 'reign, Elizabeth was in tbe constant habit of AieslovHap tome profitable mon opoly on her favprites. All kinds of wine, salt, starch, tin, steel, coal, and numerous other -commodities, were monopolized by men who' had' the exclusive right of sending them, and fixing their own prices. After four days debate such as tbe house had peief beard before — on a question of supplies, that arbitrary.and powerful Queen was obliged to send dpwn b message, saying she would revoke all patents and monopolies, before the bouse would vote the money she required. ; 