DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. THEATRICALS The Wood Demon, has twice been been brought out at the little Theatre in Bourke- street, with magical effect. The story runs that a certain Count of Holstein, a vassal of the King or Denmark, from nature deformed, by birth mean, and in fortune poverty-stricken, seeks the Wood Demon — a witch of the true northern breed for ferocity and ugliness — and from her ob- tains beauty, rank, and wealth, on condition of sacrificing on the night of the 6th of August, in each year, a child, at her dread and gore-clotted altar, before the mysterious hour of One! By spells of unutterable ini- quity, tbe Demoness rules Count Ruric of Holstein, to bequeath his domain to Har- dycanute, the person in league with her, and he no sooner enters, on office, than he tries to take away the life of Leolyn, the heir, by offering him up to the Wierd Tyran- ness. Clotinda, and Una, two sisters, are in the confidence of the Countess of Ruric, and the former receives from her the charge of her boy. Clotilda places Leolyn under the protection of a friend, from whom he is stolen by gypsies — he escapes and returns to the Castle of Holstein, where, on ap- pearing at a ball, in disguise, he is dis- covered by the Count, from the mark of a bloody arrow on the wrist, and is stolen at night whilst sleeping by his supposed mo- ther's side (for on his return Clotida pre- tends the child is her's) and carried to the cave of slaughter, there to remain impri- soned until the night he must be immolated to the Wood Demon. Una, who is beloved of Hardycanute and Osway, and through the giddiness of youth receives with equal attention the flattery of both, sees in a dream the capture of the child, and the horrible fate that attends dycanute, seizing on him springs on a couch and vanishes through the floor, beneath which runs a communication with the Caverns of Death. On the night on which the abduction takes place, according to the dream, Una, awakened by Clotilda's screams, rushes to the chamber, finds the startling realization of her dreatn, and bravely determines to pursue the fortunes of Leolyn. She arrives at the cave in time to be dis- covered by Hardycanute, who is led there on his diabolical mission ; she boldly de- clares that Leolyn is safe, and was saved through her instrumentality. Hardycanute, horror-striken, informs her that a victim must be had before the clock strikes one ! and that she must be the victim. Leolyn, hidden in a recess, hears the Count, and by a very natural trick for a boy to play puts the hands on— the clock strikes, the demon enters, seizes upon the count, and amid a shower of fire disappears with her prey. Clotilda, now that concealment is no longer necessary, proclaims Leolyn to be the count, and Osway is married to Una. Tbe Characters which form the under plot are Rolf (Capper), the steward of the castle; Willikind (Buckingham), his son; Paulina (Miss Sinclair), a peasant girl ; and Galfo (Miller), a retainer of tbe Count. The scenic representations of this piece went off with remarkable brilliancy and effect, the dresses were rich and sparkling, but we advise the stage manager to make further search before be ascribes such dresses to the period intended, of Denmark's ancient history. The actresses, however, were never dressed more becomingly, while the actors never acquited themselves better. Buckingham, as Willikind, was irresistably comic; Miller and Miss Sinclair, ns Golfo and Paulina, the lovers in humble life, were natural and sprightly ; Miss Southall, Una, was warm and coquettish, but is still in want of animation ; Miss Horton, to whom fell the difficult task of sustaining the mother (although in some degree assumed) amid the varying passions of grief, joy, and anger, was self-possessed, but required more management of voice to give the proper effect to the rapid changes of feeling pourtrayed. In all these ladies, the justice of criticism requires us to observe that there are faults, and grievous suits of pro- nunciation; Miss Sinclair, when half through a sentence, drops her voice, evidently from being imperfect, pauses slightly, and then resuming her cue, glibbers over the re- mainder; Miss Southall makes the freest possible use of the aspirate and ellipsis, not that it is natural to her, but arises from endeavouring to give effect, to a voice of small compass; and Miss Horton occasion- ally uses a provincialism that reminds us of the inhabitants of the pleasant fields of Somersetshire. In gallantry to the ladies we are reluctant to admit that the actors, as a body, are superior to the actresses of the Melbourne stage, but in addressing sensible women we know that the superior spirit and tact of the female mind will not only induce them to take the hint in good part, but spur them on to outstrip their male competitors. The afterpiece was The Spectre Bride- groom, or A Ghost in spite of himself, which as it comes out as the first piece on Satur- day next, we at present decline reviewing. The Wood Demon, with improvements in it wondrous and magic scenery, will on the same night succeed as the after piece, so that parties who visited the theatre on Thursday night at half price, and saw only The Spectre Bridegroom, will now have an agreeable reversion of entertainment. 