ENGLISH EXTRACTS. London and Westminster Joint-stock shares were quoted 22½, and Union of Aus- tralia, 29½. Present to Her Majesty. — A most ex- traordinary horse (perhaps the smallest in the world) arrived at the Royal Mews, in Sheet-street, yesterday afternoon, (Aug. 3) by the Great Western Railway, from town, as a present to her Majesty from Java, in which island it was foaled, of the diminu- tive size of only 27½ inches in height — in- deed, not near as tall as many of the New- foundland and other dogs belonging to Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert. This extraordinary little animal, which is rising five years old, is of a dark-brown colour, well formed, and ex- tremely quiet and playful. It appears to be somewhat out of condition, but, with the necessary care which will be bestowed upon it in the Royal Stables, it will, in the course of a very short time, recover from the effects of its voyage. Shortly after its arrival at Windsor it was taken to the Quadrangle, where it was seen by her Ma- jesty and Prince Albert, their Serene High- nesses the Hereditary Prince and Princess of Saxe Coburg Gotha, and the visitors at the castle, and put through its different paces. This morning it was taken upon the New Terrace, for the purpose of its also being seen by His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, the Princesses Augusta and Mary of Cambridge, and several of the court. — Times. Athens, July 12. — On the 8th instant, during the eclipse of the sun, the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Observatory was performed. The building is to be erected on the Nymph-hill, to the west of the city, near the Puyx. His Ma- jesty, with Prince Frederick of Hesse Cassel (who is at present making a journey through Greece), the Bavarian and Austrian Am- bassadors, and all the civil and military authorities, attended the ceremony. The Bishop of Athens pronounced the bene- diction on the stone ; and Professor Bury, in the presence of the illustrious assembly, delivered in the open air an appropriate ad- dress. The observatory is to be erected at the expense of Baron Von Sina, the Greek Consul-General in Vienna, and is to be furnished with instruments made by the celebrated optician Plossl. The foundation- stone has a simple inscription, bearing the date of the day on which it was laid, men- tioning the object for which the building is destined, and recording the name of the founder. Prince Frederick has proceeded to Nauplia, with the intention of visiting Argos and the surrounding country. He will afterwards proceed on his visit to Con- stantinople. — Ibid. Amusing Anecdote. — We have twice al- luded to the recent meeting of the Roman Catholic clergy at Woolton, and have stated that the Rev. Dr. Shepherd had had the honour of dining with them. Among the clergymen present was the Rev. Dr. Pold- ing, Archbishop of Sydney, New South Wales, who wore on his finger a rich gold ring in which was set a topaz, Dr. Shepherd, observing the brilliant, remarked that Syd- ney, alias Botany Bay, had had the reputa- tion of being inhabited by a population not remarkable for their morality, nor for their regard of meum et tuum ; but he was glad to think that a great change had, of late years, taken place in this respect, and that persons and property were both much safer there than they had been formerly ; a change, he had no doubt, which the pastoral vigilance of his grace and his clergy had no slight share in promoting. The Archbishop said that he and his clergy had exerted themselves to the utmost to raise the stand- ard of morals in New South Wales, and he was pleased to think that the rev. doctor had received information of the marked change which had been wrought in the co- lony. Dr. Shepherd rejoined that he had not, as the Archbishop had supposed, any information to that effect ; he had the proof from his Grace's own hand, the brilliant ring on whose finger satisfied him that had there not been a remarkable change in the habits of the people of Botany Bay, he could scarcely have succeeded in bringing away with him so valuable an article. Dr. Polding and his rev. brethren were, we need scarcely say, convulsed with laughter at the rev. doctor's wit and humour. — Liverpool Albion. The Grave of Sir Walter Scott. — As several paragraphs on this subject have re- cently gone the round of the newspapers, it may be right to state, that the iron rail- ing which surrounds the tomb at Dryburgh, was put up by Sir Walter Scott's family after the interment, and, by Sir Francis Chantrey's advice, a huge mass of granite was intended to be put over the grave, for which he was to furnish a design ; but a variety of pressing engagements, delicate health, and, finally, his sudden death, com- bined to deprive the sanctuary at Dryburgh of what might have been expected from the genius of the most eminent of our sculptors. It has not yet been decided whose assistance shall be asked to carry out the plan, and it must be obvious that the absence of the present Sir Walter Scott in India has of itself occasioned delay. — Edinburgh Courant. The Admiralty has during the past week granted by warrant permission to the yachts of Thames Club to carry the blue ensign of her Majesty's fleet. They will display their now colours on the occasion of their last match, which takes place on Monday next. — Sun, July 29. The Rev. Archibald Campbell Tait, Fel- low and Tutor of Balliol College, Oxford, was yesterday elected Head Master of Rugby School, by the hon. the trustees. — Ibid. The Prorogation. — Her Majesty and Prince Albert are expected at Buckingham Palace about Wednesday se'nnight, the 10th of August, for the purpose of enabling the Queent to prorogue the Houses of Parlia- ment ; and her Majesty will return to the castle on the following day, if not the same evening, by the Great Western Railway, as the ceremony is over by half-past three o'clock. — Ibid. The Old Lady and the Cobbler. — Some years ago the husband of an old lady re- siding in a country village happened to die rather suddenly without making a will, for the want of which very necessary precaution his estate would have passed away from his widow, had she not resorted to the following remarkable expedient to avert the loss of her property :— She concealed the death of her husband, and prevailed upon an old cobbler, her neighbour, who was in person somewhat like the deceased, to go to bed at her house and personate him, in which character it was agreed that he should dic- tate a will, leaving the widow the estate in question. An attorney was accordingly sent for to prepare the required document, and the widow on his arrival appeared to be realising the greatest affliction at her good man's danger, but forthwith proceeded to ask questions of her pretended husband calculated to elicit the answers she expected and desired. The old cobbler groaning aloud, and looking as much like a person going to give up the ghost as possible, feebly answered, " I intend to leave you half my estate ; and I do think the poor old shoemaker, who lives over the way, is deserving of the other half, for he has al- ways been a good neighbour." The widow was thunderstruck at receiving a reply so different to that which she expected but dared not negative the cobbler's will, for fear of losing the whole of the property, while the cunning old rogue in bed, who was himself the poor old shoemaker living over the way, laughed in his sleeve, and divided with her the fruits of a project which the widow had intended for her own sole benefit. — Scotch Gazette. A supposed Demoniac. — It would appear, from the following case of gross superstition, in addition to the many recently recorded by the tribunals, that the age of reason, in some parts of France, at least, has passed away, if it ever existed. In the course of last year a woman, named Raquis Chau- doreille, living in a village a small distance from Montpelier, became lunatic, her chief symptom being an unnatural antipathy to fire and fear of being burnt. Having been under various modes of treatment without benefit, she and her friends at- tributed the malady to the witcheries of an old carpenter, named Salles, who lived for some time in the same house. To him the husband of the unfortunate woman applied, threatening to murder him if he did not exorcise the devil with which he had pos- sessed his wife. Salles denied the super- natural powers the foolish people believed him to be endowed with, and refused all their importunities. Recourse was then had to another reputed witch, a woman named Conte, living at Montpelier, who undertook the case ; and having taken up her residence for a week in the house of the lunatic, she, probably by the moral in- fluence she obtained over the mind of her patient, produced an apparent cure. For this she received a fee of forty francs, and presents of large baskets of fruit. The effect of her treatment, however, disap- peared soon after she quitted the house, and the symptoms of lunacy returned. Upon this application was made to the curé of the parish, as a more regular exorciser of demons. The worthy priest had con- fidence in his own powers, but durst not exercise them without permission of his diocesan. At first, it is said, the bishop refused his sanction, but at length gave way to importunity, and assented. The day for the performance of the exorcism having been fixed the curé shut himself in the chamber of the lunatic, while the house was surrounded by the congregated in- habitants of the village. One of them, a man named Cariere, got a ladder, and, raising it to the window of the chamber, ascended, looked in, and gave to the people below, the following, as an account of what was passing within :— " Satan ! Satan !" said the curé, " come out of the body of the woman !" he devil replied, " I am about to depart." " Wilt thou go out by the window or the door ?" asked the curé. " By the window," replied the devil. Upon this Carriere bent down, as if to allow the demon ample room to escape without touching his own head, and the assembled rustics set up a cry of terror. Satan, how- ever, did not come forth, and Cariere re- lated the continuation of the colloquy between the priest and the woman Chau- doreille, who indicated the pot a colle (the glue- pot,) the cause of all her misery. A man in the crowd, upon this, cried out, " we must make a fire in the market-place, and burn the pot a colle ! " This motion was not seconded, but Salles became so alarmed by the scandalous odium thrown upon him, that he laid a complaint before the magistrates. An investigation was en- tered into by the law officers, who instituted a prosecution against the woman Conte, for fraud and deception, and against the husband of the woman Chaudoreille and Carriere, for scandalising Salles. They were brought to trial on the 19th instant, before the correctional tribunal of Mont- pelier. Chaudoreille and Cariere were acquitted ; but the woman Conte was sen- tenced to three month's imprisonment. — Galliganni's Messenger. 