TIIEQDOItE EDWARD HOOK. Another green leaf lias dropped from the stem of genius into the lap of earth ! " A mighty spirit is eclipsed ; a power Has passed from day to darkuess, to whose hour Of light no likeneis is boqueattieci. Theodore Hook is dead I Fallen un timely; for though no longer in the ''May of life," he had not o'ertaken the sear and yellow of his days, nor lost the summer freshness of his mind; which might he said to have attained to the maturity and ripeness of autumn without any of its decay. He "should have died hereafter !" Mr, Hook was an extraordinary man. Those who knew liim only from his wri tings knew bnt a very slight portion of the. surpassing faculties of his mind. It was necessary to be acquainted with him personally, and in society, to be able to form any tiling like a just conception or appreciation of his excelling powers. His pen failed to do the writer justice — it ne ver. fully exhibited the extent and variety of his genius. It seemed as if his talent was essentially oral, and refused to give wholly to a mere permanent means of sus taining his reputation. Mr. Hook him self had a poor opinion of his printed pro ductions, and always spoke of them to his familiar friends with unaffected, though playful disdain, marvelling how " such trash" found acceptance with the public. He wrote professedly for money ; and, as he was " not sedulous by nature to indite." never attempted to write until the very moment he was pressed to do so. What he did in a literary way was sudden and unpremeditated, like his wit in conversa tion, and never cost him more thought or time than that he employed in the inime- -diate execution. He had not a grain of vanity. He would allow the commonest intellect in a person he liked to point out auyalledged blotorimperfectiohinlns com positions,. and, if not too late, correct them under such criticism. Mr. Hook had been the darling of a remarkably talented mother, who dying while he was a mere hoy, and his father, then at an advanced age, making a second marriage, an act na turally distasteful to his young son, to whom he had not given any profession, Theodore yielded to circumstance, threw" himself upon the world's resources for his happiness, became the spoiled child of« /Seciety; and before he was eighteen, his company was coveted and courted by a wide range of fashionable and noble friends, as well as literary contemporaries. In the year 1805 he became acquaint ed with Matthews. Hook having com menced dramatic authorship in a farce en- tided the Soldier's Return, acted with great success at Drury Lane, had free access thenceforward to the green-room, wherein he conceived a great friendslup for the comedian, at whose house he vi sited frequently— -nay, daily (for they were- near neighbours,) for many years after. Theodore was at that time a tall, slim, fashionable-looking youth, with a fine "figure ; blaok clustering curls hanging about his animated face, every line of, which was full of intelligence and genius. Without being handsome, he was ex-! Iremely good-looking ; with dark lustrous; eyes, which were ears also in expression, for he seemed to hoar as well as see with them. He thought, himself ugly; and oft&i; with undoubted sincerity declared -that, had a choice been given to him, he Would have preferred beauty to any other -earthly possession. As he grew older he. treated .this subject, as lie treated many others, which was delightful to all near him ; and in later days! was very fond of -exercising his pencil, with a power he possessed in no mean degree, in producing caricatures of his ewn increased figure and altered face, by such means good-hu- mouredly anticipating and blunting the observations that others might be inclined to make upon his prematurely changed appearance. Ilr. Hook's early love of fun was un controllable"; bis perceptions of the ridi culous, keen and unerring ; and his desire to amuse liiinsolf and others with his -ob servations and experiments upon folly and -incredulity was irresistible. His descrip tions, then and since, of circumstances, men, and things, wore curiously graphic -and entertaining ; and the most trivial particulars in detail were made important and laughable by his peculiar style of 'narration. In other respects he loved in his youth ful glee to divert those with whom he was intimate, and also to startle them by the feats of nerve displayed by him -in any rash undertaking. No juggler, prac tising his varied sleights of hand suc cessfully upon his audience, and perceived the wonder his dexterous ingenity excited, could feel more triumphant pride than did the youthful Theodore when " asto nishing the natives," or his friends and companions by his yonturous exploits and practical exertions for their amusement, u.nd at the same time his own. In the qua lity of a dramatic author, it has been men tioned that he had the entree of the green -room, where he became, for the time, ilie Little Pickle of the building, enacting ;as much mischief as the renowned original Jiimself ever concocted in the person of -the inimitable Mrs. Jordan. Some of his boyish frolics, not .generally known, may mot be unentertainjng to thq reader. Oue -season at. Drury Lano theatre, during the xun of a stilted melo-drama, made up of magic and mysticism, a gigantic oracle had occasion to send forth in brazen voice /certain awful revelations to the victimising hero of the scene ; Theodore one night -crossing behind the stage on his way out ?of the theatre, found himself clese to the wood and canvass which composed the. form and substance of the oracular pro- jphet ; and observing the tube through /which some appointed person nightly issued fh8 supernatural intelligence requisite' "for the better carrying on of the plot"; flying, ready, but unattended by the person; Jwho had to perform the duty'in question,; : Theodore spontaneously undertook the part. Tins happened at a period of great; -political excitement on the hustings-; and ere the proper person could regain the ."tube, audat the moment beforothe demon- hero expected to hear the soul-harrowing .'.intimation that " the clock had .struck ! " Theodore, through the medium of oracular eloquence, blew a blast so loud and dread, that the expectant actor and the whole ' theatre were electrified by the extraordi nary noise, and iii the next minute all party-feeling was astonished, agitated, and confounded, by another almost stunning shout, which defied the characteristic unity of the drama's time and place, and all chronological consistency, by the popular and deafening acclamation of " BURDETT FOR EVER !" On another occasion Theodore placed himself one night under the stage of the Hay market theatre just as Mr. Liston was preparing in the comedy called the Finger-Post, to sing a song as a Quaker, the air as well as the words of which was extremely quaint and precise in its cha racter. Hook had provided himself with a child's wooden trumpet, the squeak of which he introduced at the end of every -line o each verse in such a manner as to occasion the most uproarious bursts of laughter all over the house. The singer, also, being so convulsed by the oddity of the mysterious accompaniment, with great difficulty proceeded with the song, which was encored partly for the novelty which attended it ; and the same result of uni versal laughter rewarded the subterrane ous musician, who, with great skill, gave most fanciful variations to his repeated efforts, for the increased diversion of his hearers. Many, many such pranks were at that period of life successfully enacted by the young Theodore ; some of which he has since ascribed to Daly, in tlic half- true, half-fictitious history of Gilbert Gurney. Those off-sets of an untamed and irresistible vivacity in perfect leisure, were generally performed spontaneously, and mostly without any of the persons acted upon being aware of the perpetra tor. A more elaborate and difficult under- .taking, however, than either ot those just recorded was fulfilled by Theodore in one of those idle hours of youth. It was his invariable habit, whether engaged for mally, or destined to take a chop alone at a coffee-house, or an unceremonious din ner with a friend, to put on a dinner dress which in that day rigorously de manded shoes : neither hoots with their shining, then unknown adjunct, patent- blacking, nor black silk neck- kerchiefs, being, as now, admitted into an evening drawing-room. It happened one winter's day that Theodore had made up his mind to dine tete-a-tete with a batchelor friend, who it was understood was to he found at home always on a particular day of the week ; and on arriving at the house of this friend, to whom we will on this oc casion lend the name of Perkins, he found him prepared to step into a hackney-coach to attend a dinner engagement elsewhere. Theodore, quite upset in his plan by this untoward arrangement, entered the coach with Perkins, inquiring, as they drove off, whither he was going, with the view of accompanying him in his visit, if to the house of any mutual friend ; for Theodore had reason to know that he would be welcomed with gladness wherever he was known. It, however, happened that Per kins was going to a more formal engage ment than Hook chose to partake in ; and the rain pouring hard at the moment, the dinnerless wight was puzzled what to do with Mnaselfr — sportively declaring,. how ever, that lie would stop somewhere to dine, before Perkins was set down at his destination ; and just as he made the de claration the crawling hack passed a gen teel looking house, where by the fire-light in the dining-room (the curtains of which had not yet been closed) a table was laid with about a dozen covers ; and Hook; remarking that it looked very inviting, put his head out of the window of the ooach, crying, " Stop, stop !" adding, as he turned to his frieud, " I'll dine here and instantly . prepared to alight as the coachman let down the steps. "What!" inquired Perkins, "do you know the people who live there ?" " Oli, no !" replied Theodore, with his droll, murmuring chuckle of a laugh, '" I haven't the remotest idea who they may be ; but I'll dine with them, nevertheless. I dare say they'll have no .objection ; . so call for me on your return -home,, and you will find me snugly domiciled." " Nonsense t" exclaimed his incredulous friend; "you would not think of intro ducing yourself in such a manner to strangers? I won't believe you have ;nerve for such a proceeding.!! This was enough. Perkins's doubt acted as a challenge. Theodore's mind was made up to " the sticking- place ;" and a wager's risk decided the point. He promised Perkins that ho would not only, dine at the house in question, but make it indisputable to his friend, if he would call for him on his return home, that he had not previously known the owner of the house. " Inquire for ..me, "said; Hook, " on your way back, and you will find mo." -He then descended, and im mediately knocked at the door of the.' houso, where his friend in utter amaze ment saw the intruder enter, and then drove off. At the time fixed Mr. Perkins stopped again at the door which he had seen close upon his adventurous frieud a few hours before, and timidly enquiring whether " Mr. Hook was there," he was respect fully requested to aliglit, and forthwith ushered up-stairs ; at the top of which he was met by the master of th.9 house, who politely assured him that any friend of Mr. Hook's was most welcome. He then conducted liim into the drawing- room, whence joyous sounds of merri ment had previously reached his ear as ho ascended the staircase ; and were now easily understood, for he beheld Theo dore seated, quite at his ease, surrounded by a delighted circle of ladies and gentle men, who had neither eyes nor ears for any thing hut the charming person before them. Perkins was dumb with admira tion and confusion ; but no one observed his embarrassmentr-indeed, no one saw him enter, so much were all absorbed by another object. -The master of tlie house, .however, reluctantly "withdrew his atten-: -tion from the hero of the scene occasion-; ally? and sacrificed his own-pleasure now and then to politeness and the new comer. By what Mr. Perkins elicited, from his host, he was soon satisfied that Hook's : visit there was purely unexpect- Besides Mr. Hook's skill with his pencil, he ;was a good and practical . musician on several instruments, and sang with great taste and sweetness. ed, — the master of-tlie house congratu lating himself upon tlib fortunate mistake of Mr. Hook; adding, that he was the most fascinating pexson ho had ever known. And by degrees Mr. Perkins became in formed of the process by which his friend had established himself within the house. It appeared that on the opening of the street-door, after he had been led out of the hackney- coach, Theodore gave liis name, with his hat and cane, to the ser vant, following the announcement of it into the drawing-room, where, looking about him with affected surprise, of which the host and hostess evidently partook in no small degree, he inquired whether he was not in the house of Mr.—- — ' ? and was immediately unswered in the neg ative,— " Bless me ! " eried the astonishod youth, " surely I've made no mistake ! This is No. 8 ? " " Assuredly, that was the number." " Aud this is -Street, is it not ? " further inquired the unconscious strauger, " Oh, certainly," was the response. " And does not Mr. live here ?" He was again answered in the negative " How very extraordinary !" exclaimed Theodore. If, then, he does not live here, I have forgotten the street in which my friend's note mentioned he had taken a house. What a dilemma ! I must give up all hope of finding him out to-day.- He's at this moment, doubtless, waitiug dinner for me ; and wait he must, for I haden't the slightest recollection of his address if this be not it. Unfortunately, too, the carriage that set me down has driven off with a friend whom I requested to take me up again on his way home at night. Very awkward, indeed !" Many apologies succeeded this unlooked for embarrassment, and were met with as many polite assurances from the master of the house that there was no occasion for them. Hook requested, perceiving, as he said, that it still poured with rain, that a servant might bo permitted to call him a coach ; and iu the interval the intruder talked very pleasantly, so pleasantly, that before the coach arrived, the gentleman of the house having telegraphed with his wife, and been assured satisfactorily in the same manner — just as Hook requested the additional favour that a message might he delivered to his friend Perkins when he called, to account to him for not meeting him there, and was retreating with a graceful bow, the master of the house in terposed a polite hope that, as all chance of Mr. Hook's engagement being fulfilled was out of the question, he would honour liim by taking a seat at Ms dinner-table on that occasion, and await his friend's arrival, who doubtless would he much dis appointed at not finding him there. To this hospitable proposal the modest Theo dore offered some faint scruples, hut at length hesitatingly assented after a more' earnest entreaty, seconded - by the hand some mistress of the house ; and the un expected guest, with the hospitable lady on his ami, descended iu secret triumph to the dinner-room, where it is sufficient to say the guest rapidly developed Ms en gaging powers, and insensibly won all hearts. "The ladies quitted the table : tardily, with visible reluctance.; the gen-! tleman remained at it longer than courte-. sy to the drawing-room expectants justi fied. "Theodore's wit flew about like diamond-sparks, and lighted up by its' hilarious influence all eyes with joyous admiration and delight; and before he and his friend left the house, he rivitted the affections of all present by rehearsing, in extemporaneous verse (for which he possessed such wonderful facility), to a lively air, the incidents of Ms eventful visit, amazing and enrapturing his hospi table entertainers and their frieuds by his wonderful tales and engaging manners ! and as he took Ms leave they all crowded; around him with even affectionate adieu % while Ms host and hostess declared this accident to have been the most fortunate of their lives ; at the same time begging Mr. Hook to consider them his fast friends, and to drop in upon thorn, when not more formally invited, as he had by chance done that lucky day. Many such instances as the foregoing might he told, did not limited time preclude further re lations of Mr. Hook's wondrous power, not only in the manner described, but at all periods and occasions of his life, in not only making friends of strangers, but of converting even prejudice into partiality. Mr. Hook's memory ivas always mira culous. "When about eighteen, he under took for a wager to repeat the names and trades upon the shop-fronts situated on one side of Oxford Street, after passing down a certain portion of it. This under taking he accomplished, failing only in the due succession of one house. But it being afterwards observed by one of the /party, that Mr. Hook might possibly have been partially acquainted with the shops previously, he engaged, after the perusal 'of the front page of a newspaper, to re hearse, every advertisement that stood in - its columns. This he also performed without a single mistake. Although Mr, Hook had great animal spirits, he did not: possess equal vivacity at all times ; on the contrary, he was subject, as most men of genius are, to deep and bitter depressions of.mind, most affecting to witness. Strange to say, of so gifted an intelligent a being, he was snperstitious to a painful degree. Ho entertained an implicit belief in super natural agency, and would listen to a ghost-story with a pallid cheek and awe- inspired interest. Early in life, he wrote a novel called the Mm of Sorrow, in which this weakness was manifest; and though,, as liis judgment strengthened, he conquered much of -this ' tendency, yet to the last years of his existence' he. cherished many of Ms early impressions. As a tri vial instance, it uiay" be mentioned that he never would enter upon any undertaking of importance, if lie could help it, on Friday. He hadj ho wever, a remarkable : .ipsight .into the weaknesses and follies of : others, and .was not observant of- his own.; He penetrated into thie depths of the most: wily; and detected the small intents of; little.rninds with the.raost whimsical faci-! lifcy, dragging'-' them'l&o.m; tlieir, ;sliallow hiding places, and laying them hare upon the surface. with infinite-humour, to their owner's surprise and dismay. He held a; professed enmity with what he described under the expressive head of humbug,— evbry evidence of which he assailed, with all' the vigour of his powerful ridicule, in exorably putting the right names upon wrong tMngs. For a man living so entirely in the world — Mr. Hook was not altogether what might be called a man of the world — -lie retained , and cherished a youthful romance of character that was totally at variance with Ms general hearing aud tone of conversation, and inconsistent and incompatible -with his habits and associa tions ; and he would have been uttterly ashamed to elicit this inherent quality except to those who had known Mm long- an/1 infimafolv n.n/1 VTlf.1l "wllDiYl lift ll£L(l no dread of its incurring ridicule. - Past scones and the attachment of early days, however broken in upon by the chances and; changes of this life, the distractions of time and circumstance, continued to keep a tenacious and remarkable hold upon his memory and affections. During Ms long term of intimacy with Mr. Matthews, living with Mm 'on the most familiar terms of social equality, he professed for Mm the regard of a younger brother; aud at his death manifested even a femi nine sensibility of sorrow at the event. Many able pens will do ample justice to the memory of Theodore Hook. It might well be shewn that his unlooked- for and lamented death . is not only a social; but, in som8 measure, a political loss. Mr. Hook was a, consistent Tory from his earliest youth ; : and though — -as it has herein been previously mentioned — iu literature, the sun of his genius , " showed, but half Ms beams," yet as the originator and continual editor of the John Ball paper,- his powers were to a great extent .couspiquous, not only in the leading and more '. important columns of that publication, but in the witty and playful portions. Of the latter, Mrs. Ramsbotfom's unique correspondence must be mirthfully remembered by all its readers. Besides the John Bull, his novels, and the biography of Sir David Baird (the ouly work ffie prided himself upon), Mr. Hook's editorsMp and contributions added weight and attraction, during the last years of Ms life, to the New Monthly Magazine. But he is gone ! Alas, The odore ! thou art " pale in the tomb ! in the winter-house ! Thy friends have bent the red eye over thy grave ! They shall seek thee in their halls, hut they shall not find thee. Thoushalt cOme, at times, to their dreams ; thy voice shall remain iu their -years ; but they shall see thee no more !" " Tread lightly o'er his ashes, ye men o genius, for he was your kinsman." . "Mrs. Ramsbottom" ws .a portrait from a original no longer extant. A. lady of title and fashion, known to Mr. Hook some years ago. 