TEE-TOTAL ABSTINENCE MEETING. A Meeting of the above Society was held last Tuesday evening, at the Friend's Meeting House, Murray-street. An interesting discussion was expected to have taken place, which no doubt attracted the attention of so 1 irge an audience As usual, Mr. Walker, of Liverpool-street, took the chair. The Chairman opened the Meeting, by stating how very glad lie was to see such a number on the occasion, ai it plainly showed there was a growing interest for the cause, and he hoped to see it slill increase, like the rolling snow-ball, until it became too large to be removed. Principles such as they advocated ought to receive the sanction of every roan, when they were found to save both the bodies and souls of drunkards, which oughl to he the first claim of chrislion men, especially when it was so easily accomplished by precept and example. Various schemes had been resorted lo in order to attain these ends. Preachers had preached temperance from the pulpit, persons had delivered speeth?s in its behalf, yet drunkenness had increased lo destroy everything that was fair and beautiful to look upon. He (the speaker) believed the principles recommended themselves, being so simple and easy to be adopted, that the simplest child could understand what it is to abstain from every thing that is injurious to the bodies and souls of men. Those persons addicted to intemperance, he though', could not adopt an easier method than by taking the pledge for to leave off drink gradually, was as bad as dying by inches, worse than withdrawing a part of our food. It appeared to him that the first glass n man took led the way to intemperance. During his absence from this colony, he was sorry to observe several persons had taken to drinking, and some of the last that he should hate expected. As regards wine, we were to remember the wines used now were not those pure unadulterated liquors used some centuries ago, it was the alcohol in wine now that does all the mischief, as well an spirits und water. He could not conceive what gain there was in these articles, lie allowed they might be Salutary as a medicine, under the ndvicc of sober men, but be well knew they were lite cause of a large amount of evil than all the good derived from them, being the cause of the greatest offences against society, atid he would therefore recommend every one to adopt their principles. The Chairman said as he had now expressed his opinion on the subject, he would call upon his friend Mr. Bonwick. Mr. Hall proposed some one else speaking. Mr. Bonwick rose and said, if their was a fair opponent who wished to speak, they would hear him, as that was what they wanted, they could not hare any possibility of objection. He was not surprised at opposition. A man once said, that blood moved in the veins, and the people who heard it, laughed at it, and denied it, but he asked who would deny it now. The same with Ihe principles tliey advocated, people might iaueh at it, but it was for the want of being better acquainted with the subject, lie was not afraid to announce that n hn cvcr opposition might appear, he believed in a short time llobart Town would become one of the most temperate places on earth, and it afforded him great pleasure in being able to state that very many lad already taken the pledge, and joined with them to suppress tbe demon alcohol. He purposed speaking that evening, in order lo save poor drunkards, which were loo frequently laughed at, but they felt with pity for lhcm. God had blessed us with the use of tbe grape, and wine was pronounced as a blessing in the Bible, but it had proved the greatest curse upon earth, and he ould not sec how persons could reconcile their minds to indulge in an article that had caused so much mischief, Man, not satisfied with what Cod has given »s, must avail himself of this horrid drinlt, glcohol. Cries of sit down, let some one else spenV. Chair, chair; order, order. The Chaimmn rose and. said, my friends, do not let it be .said that in Hobart Town we cannot hold a Public Meeting without being disturbed. Mr. Bun wick rose again; lie was going to say that alcohol given to .the inferior beasts-proved death, and in the human body it exists, and thickens the membranes of the liver; indeed, f he had t ; me, he could go through the human body, and point out all its ill-effects. Out he would confiue himself more to the subjei t in ancient times ; two kinds of wine wete made, fermented and unfermemed,and by reading works of ancient authors, we should find*that the must spoken of then was an unintoxicaiing drink. The speaker then proceeded to show tlie manufacture of wine in these days, and methods of preserving, &c.; when Mr. Morgan remarked that it was a rounda-bout way of getting at the subject, branching off into the manufactory of wine. The Chairman said he conceived his friend Mr Bonwick, in his remarks, was quite in order" He presumes some one wanted to speak on the other side as soon as he would be allowed. Mr. Morgan said, at a meeting recently held in this place, I thought it my duty to propose a re. solution in opposition to Total Abstinence Societies. and when I did so I assured those presew lhat it was not ay wish to throw amongst them anything like a torch of discord, or to promote a disagreeable or unpleasant discussion. In risinz Sir this evening still farther to carry out my opposition to Total Abstinence Societies, I beg to assure you that I shall endeavour to preserve that respect which I owe to you, as our chairman, that respect which is due to this meeting, and though last not least that respect which under any circumsianc* I owe to myself. lUving made these few preliminary remarks I doubt not but I shall be listened to with patience and good humour, In the first place, as my name has been mixed up with the opposition to the principles of total abstinence, I be* to say, that I am only opposed to a society formed to make converts in such a cause, for against the individual right ot any man to drink water, if he pleases, instead of ale, wine, or spirits, I cannot have one word to say. I am too fond of rational libeity myself to desire to interfere with the liberty of others but Sir, a society is another thing, and as I believe this society will tend to evil rather than good, 1 am determined to oppose its advocates. Having thus declared war against total abstinence" society's, I have to request that the pledge mav be read. ' The Chairman here read the pledge, as did afterwards Mr. Morgan, Such is the pledge (continued Mr. Morgan) such is the shackle which the lee-totslers think necessary to bind them to the performance of what they consider to be a duty. Now by way or coming to the point at once of my opposition, I declare lhat in my opinion such a pledge is not only absurd bulin this colony altogether unnecessary, It is absurd, because it shows that the total abstinence people will not, or cannot rely on iheir own unwritten determination, it i9 as absurd as it would be to prevent a child learning to write, because perchance he might be induced or tempted to commit forgery, it is as absurd as it would be to refuse to our children the knowledge of a foreign language, because occasionally he might thereby be tempted lo indulge with impunity in prophane language, or again, as it would be to lock up a parson all ihe week because otherwise perchance he might be tempted to forget himself on the Sunday. So much for its absurdity, now as to its being unnecessary in this colony. Our Chairman Mr. Walker has spoken of his experience at the Cape of Good Ilope, for that gentleman's opinions I have the highest possible respect, because they are founded on his knowledge of human life, .and human character, unlike the opinions of some younger persons who have seized on certoin theoretical notions and now wish to parade them through the colony, with the ghost of Father Matthew at their head. Now I also know something of Southern Africa, and were I now with Mr, Walker near Lattatoo, or on the frontier neai Poit Natal, or were I with him, where I have been, amongst the American Indians, many hundred miles from the sea, I should be glad to go the whole hog with him in favour of total abstinence, and why ? chiefly because it is by the means of bad muskets, bad gunpowder, and the infernal £re spirit of bad rum, that the. white man imposes upon the natives. Mr. Morgan went on in ihe same straia, saying that the present age was getting in its manners very feminine, very fine drawn, but he thought it better to stick to the age of breeches and common sense. lie concluded by offering to propose a resolution of which the following is a copy. "Resolved,—That it appears by the pledge just read, that t'le advo:ales of total abstinence tare no faith ia themselves, unless bound by written promises, and, as the experience of ages has shown, that those who cannot be otherwise than so restrained are not to be depended upon, it is advisable respectfully to memorialize his F.xce!)ency Sir John Franklin to cause such additions to be made to the Licensed Victuall-rs and Police Acts, as appear to this meeting, under the circumstances, to be absolutely necessary namely,and lo the effect, that,—as Tee-totaller's have by their pledge rendered themselves liable ID consequences, should they deviate from their engagements of abstaining entirely from the use of what are called " intoxicating drinks," and as it also appears thai the said Teatotalets cannot rely with safely on theirown unwritten determination, or consistency of purpose, it is desirable that the secretary of the society (if there, be one) should be compelled by law to forward to eauh Chief District Constable, Licensed Victualler and wholesale dealer in intoxicating liquors, a descriptive list of each member who has signed the pledge, such list to show clearly the age, complexion, height, and usual dress of each mule teatotaler, Bnd also that the said chief constable or his deputy, licensed victuallers, or wholesale dealers in intoxicating drinks, (including the brewets and ginger beer manufacturers) -hall be empowered by lbe said additional clause or clauses, to seize, march off, and lock up in solitary and close confinement, all or every teatotaler who may purchase (without paying for) or attempt to purchase (without paying for) either by wholesale or retail, either or any of the intoxicating drinks now sold in this island under the names of brandy, rum, gin, wine, porter, ale, (whether brewed by Mr. Wilson, of Davey-street, or by any oilier person) half and half, or however these (said to be) intoxicating liquors arc or may be denominated, concocted, or used,—and also—that in the event of any such teatotaler or teatotalers not being able to pay or refusing to pay such line os the magistrate or magistrates shall impose, he or they the said magistrate or magistrate shall have ihe power of sentencing such teatotaler or teatolalers to the public school of gymnastics, kept by Mr Garni, commonly called the treadmill, for a period of seven days, and not exceeding two months, and also, that his Exccllency be respectfully requested to cause the said amended acts to be read, digested, and passed through the Legislative Council forthwith, for the preservation ofthe publicchsrecter, which it appeals to this meeting, is likely to suffer by the unwise advocacy of total abstinence societies, and all such palpable absurdities." The above resolution was objected lo by the Chairman, although it had not been read, which, Mr. Morgan contended was not quite fair, although having stated his determination to abide entirely by the decision of the chair, he should, he said, of course not contend the po'nt. 