THE CHRISTENING OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. THE PROCESSION TO THE CHAPEL. At half-past eleven o'clock, the Foreign Minis ters, the Ladies, the Knights of the Garter, the Cabinet Ministers, and the other visitors left the Castle in royal carriages, for Wolsey Hall, fol lowed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishops of London, Winchester, Oxford, and Norwich. The Queen and Prince Albert, with his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, left the Castle for the Chapel, accompanied by their Royal High nesses the Duke of Sussex, and Prince George of Cambridge. His Majesty the King of Prussia having passed from his apartments, joined the other sponsors. The Kins was habited in a scarlet uniform, edged with black velvet, the appointments of silver, and wore the Collar of the Black Eagle, only worn by his Majesty on state occasions, together with the Star of the Order. His Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Saxe Coburg, appeared in a very rich hussar uniform of scarlet and gold ; the loose jacket of white, was aho richiy'trinimed with sold. . It is unnecessary to repeat the order in which the distinguished guests set out from the Castle. Due military honours were paid to the Foreign Ambassadors, but no cheering was eiven to any individual, not even to the Duke of Wellington. The first hearty cheer was given when the carriage containing the infant Prince came in sight. The lady to whose care this precious charge was in trusted, held him in such a man'neras enabled her Majesty's lieges to obtain an excellent view of their young Prince. This caused the cheering to be redoubled. When her Majesty and Prince Albert approach ed, their presence was welcomed by the most vociferous cheering on the part of the spectators, and by the usual military honours on the part of the assembled soldiery. The state carriage was drawn by a pair of the celebrated cream coloured horses, led by two grooms, as is usual on all state occasions. In another state carriage were the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess Augusta. Last of .ill came, also in a state carriage, his Majesty the King of Prussia. He was loudly cheered. ST. GKOnGE's CHAPEL. The doors of St. George's Chapel were thrown open at about a quarter to eleven o'clock; the southern entrances having been besieged by those who had been fortunate enough to secure tickets for nearly an hour before. Looking towards the altar on entering the choir, the effect was imposing in the extreme. The altar was covered with a profusion of massive gold plate of the most splendid description, very tastefully arranged upon the communion table, which was covered with the richest purple velvet. The carpet within the rails of the altar, was of Turkey fabric, and bore on a gold ground the Cross of St. George on a shield^ and the Stir of the Order of the Garter, appropriately emblazoned. Before the altar was placed on a dais, a highly polished table, with gilded ornaments. This table, however, was subsequently removed to make room for the font. On either side of it were placed six chairs, with gilded frames and backs, and seats of purple velvet, on which the Star of the Garter was emblazoned in light blue. These chairs were originally placed with their backs to the altar, but a short time nreviouslv to the arrival of the Royal procession, they were turned to face it. The body of the choir was covered with a superb purple carpet, on which the emblems appertaiuing to the|Order of the Garter were also emblazoned. The seats usually appropriated to the lay clerks of the cliapel were set apart for. the ladies of the nobility and others, who had received admission by tickets, and a further accommodation was fur nished for visitors in each aisle on the outside of the choir, where galleries were erected, from which the greater part of the ceremony could be wit nessed. Shortly after eleven o'clock the heralds and pursuivants who were appointed to superintend the arrangements, entered the chapel, aud Dr. Elvey, to whom was committed the important duty o organist, took his seat at that instrument and played a short voluntary. At about half-past eleven o'clock the Lord Chancellor of England, Lord Lyndhmst, entered the chapel, attired in his state robe. His Lord ship was conducted by the pursuivants to one*of the vacant stalls, where he took his seat, and re mained throughout the ceremony. After most of the compauy had assembled the table before-mentioned was removed, and a purple velvet stool edged with gold was introduced in its room, on which was placed the superb gold font. A gentleman at arms then brought in a frosted glass jug, containing water procured from the river Jordan, which he poured into the font. Other gentlemen of the corps at the same time placed elegantly bound prayer-books in the chairs appropriated to the royal and illustrious attendants at the ceremony. At half-past twelve o'clock martial music with out announced that her Majesty aud her royal visitors had left the Castle for the chapel. Very shortly after, the Archbishop of Canterbury en tered the chapel by the north door, followed by the Archbishop of York, the Bishop of London, the Bishop of Norwich (Clerk of the Closet), the Bishop of Winchester (attired in the robe of Pre late of the Order of the Gaiter), and the Bishop of Oxford in the robe of Chancellor of the same order. The Lord Primate took his place imme diately at the back of the font, the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Norwich standing at his right, the Bishop of London on his left. The other Prelates and Ecclesiastics, not being about to take part in the ceremony, took their stations within the altar rails. After the Right Rev. Pre lates had taken their appointed places, there was a pause of considerable duration, which was broken by martial music announcing the Queen's arrival at the chapel entrance. At precisely twenty minutes to one the King of Prussia entered the chapel by the south door, and took his seat in a chair on the same side of the altar. The Duke of Cambridge, the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess Augusta of Cam bridge, entered by the same side, and occupied chairs near to his Majesty. Immediately after the royal procession entered the choir of the chapel bv the north door in the following order: — The Senior Gentleman Usher Quarterly Waiter. Gentleman Usher to the Gentleman Usher of the Sword of State. Black Rod. Garter King of Arms. Groom inWaiting Groom of the Groom inWaiting on H. R. H. Stole to on Prince Albert. H. R. H. the Queen. Prince Albert. Sergeontrat- Arnis The Sword of Segeant-at-Anns The Lord State The Lord Steward borne by Chamberlain. The Duke of Wellington. Lord in Waiting The Queen Lord in Waiting on H. R. H. and H. R. H. on the Prince Albert. Prince Albert. Queen. Sergeant- at-Arms. Sergeantrat-Arms. Master of the Horse. Mistress of the Robes. Lady of the Bedchamber. Two Maids of Honour. Bedchamber Woman. The Queen and Prince Albert, the Duke of Sxssex, and Prince George of Cambridge, took their places on the limit pas north of the altar. The Queen was attired in the robe of tbfi Sovereign of the Gaiter, over a dress of the richest crimson velvet. Her Majesty wore the collar of the Order over her shoulder, and its star on her left breast. On her head was the splendid diamond tiara, and her Majesty also wore a necklace aud earings of the same precious gem. Her hair was plainly dressed in loops falling over her cheeks, and drawn up behind the ears. On entering, the Queen looked rather nervous, but her Majesty speedily resumed her wonted dignity. Prince Albert was attired in the robe of a Knight of the Garter, The Duke of Sussex, also in the robe of a Knight of the Garter, was stationed next to his Royal Highness. The King of Prussia was dressed iu a scarlet military uniform, with blue facings and silver epaulettes. His Majesty wore the Collar of the Order of the Black Eagle. The Duke of Wellington stood behind her Majesty's chair supporting the Sword of State, and upon more than one occasion during the ceremony was observed, notwithstanding the con siderable weight he supported, taking obvious pleasure in adjusting the train of her Majesty's robe. THE CHRISTENING. On the Queen's entering the choir, the grand march from Judas Maccabeus was performed on the organ by Dr. Elvey. Before its completion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, and a signal was given to discontinue the per formance. The organ having ceased the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of the bap tismal service. His Grace read 'the beautiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impressive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Archbishop came to the questions pro pounded to the godfathers and godmothers of children brought to be baptised. His Grace then turning to the sponsors, most impressively de manded of them as follows: — ' Dost thou, in the name of this Child, renounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, and the carnal desires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow, nor be led by them? To this the King of.Prussia replied forthe spon sors generally, in conformity with the words of the Liturgy, 'I renounce them all.' Kis Majesty delivered this sentence and the other responses in the service quickly, but distinctly and emphati cally. His accent did not appear to be at all that of a foreigner. The Archbishop having arrived at that part of the service in which he is to take the child into bis arms, her Grace the Duchess of Buccleuck received the infant Prince from the nurse, who stood close to the Queen and Prince Albert, and de livered his Royal Highness to the Archbishop. His Grace then turned to the King of Prussia and the other sponsors, and said, 'Name this child.' His Majesty replied in a clear voice, 'We name him Albert Edward.' The Arch bishop then performed the holy rite of sprink ling and signing the mark of the cross upon the child's Torehead, saying, 'Albert Edward I baptize thee, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The organ gave forth, and the congregation joined in a so lemn ' Amen.' The Archbishop then offered up the thanks giving for the admission of the child as a member of Christ's Church, and tben, all kneeling, the holy prayer given to Christians by the Saviour was most impressively delivered. At this moment the scene was solemn and magnificent in the ex treme, and would atlord a worthy subject for the pencil of the artist. The Queen having retired, the King of Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered his arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge ind the rest of the Royal party. The company assembled in the body of the choir were then permitted to pass to the altar table, to inspect the plate, the font, &c.; Great anxiety n-as shown to dip a. handkerchief or glove into the water of the font brought from the Jordan, with a view to treasure up such articles as remi niscenscs of this auspicious occasion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach to the font and altar, that it was some time ere the chapel could be finally cleared. Among the occurrences of the day most parti cularly observed, wa6 the devotion evinced by the King of Prussia. During the performance of the baptismal service his Majesty never once was seen to take his eyes from his book, save when he was called upon to answer the interro gatories of the Archbishop. His Majesty's con duct throughout the service was indeed a pattern for princes and for subjects. Mr. Hayter was present, by command of her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony ; and Mr. Baxter, the artist, was present, by her Majesty's permission, for the same purpose. UETUBN OF THE PIIOCESSION. The grand crash of instruments by which the Hallelujah Chorus is distinguished, as well as the booming of the gui.s in the Long Walk, gave notice to the spectators in the Lower Ward of the Castle that the christening was concluded. The royal carriages, which had filed off to the bottom of the green in the Lower Ward, were then called up to the temporary gateway formed in front of Wolsey's Hall. The royal party returned, how ever, in an order the very reverse of that in which they had entered the Chapel. Her Majesty and Prince Albert were the firstto return home ; they were followed in due course by his Majesty the King of Prussia, and the other royal personages. The same tributes of military and popular respect which were paid on their progress to the chapel, were also paid to them on their return. The young Prince was, if anything, more cordially cheered than he had been before. His Royal Highness was held up to the window, and the gratified spectators testified their joy by the waving of hats and continued cheering. Again were her Majesty and Prince Albert enthusias tically greeted. The other visitors returned to the Castle in much the same desultory manner as they had arrived. There were eight of her Ma jesty's state dress carriages and several of her private carriages engaged in conveying the guests to and from the Chapel to the Castle, and no attempt was made apparently at forming a pro cession, or indeed at anything except making the transit as rapid and as little inconvenient to the. I guests as possible. CIlAl'THIl OF THE ORDKR OF THE GART1SII. Ou the return of her Majesty and Prince Albert, the King of Prussia, the Royal Family, and the distinguished guests, to the Castle, a Chapter of the most noble Order of the Garter was held in the Throne-room. Nearly all the visitors assembled in the Waterloo Gallery. The Knights wore robed by Mr. Hunter in the Guard Chamber, in their splendid mantles and collars, and the officers in their respective mantles, chains, and badges. Her Majesty being seated on a chair or state, and the Kuights and officers having been iutroduced, and taken their places, their Sove reign's pleasure that a lineal descendant of his Majesty King George I. should be elected into the Order, in pursuance of a statute to that effect, was notified by the Bishod of Oxford. The election was then proceeded with, and his Majesty Frederick William the Fourth, King of Prussia, was declared elected a Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter. The Garter was then buckled on the King's left leg, and her Majesty, assisted by Prince Albert and the Duke of Sussex, afterwards passed ilie Ribbon and George over the left shoulder. The Throne-room had been fitted up expressly for the occasion, in a very splendid manner. Within Uie alcove at the west end is the throne, placed on a raised days, having a mngnificicnt ca nopy, and draperies of crimson velvet, mostrichly decorated with gold, and having the royal arms embroidered in bullion on the back. The chair of state is carved and richly gilt; the cushion of purple velvet, embossed with tlie Star of the Order of the GarteT. The alcove contains a painting by West, of the first Installation of the Order of the Garter. Some mirrors of the largest size, reach ing to the ceiling, line the cast end, and also fill up the space between the piers. In the centre of the room is a chandelier, of very elegant form, and lustres are suspended at the sides of the throne. Portraits of George III. by Gainsborough, of George IV. by Lawrence, and of William IV., tiy Sir M. A. Shee, all of them in the robes of the Garter, adorn the south side. The walls are covered with purple velvet, with the Star and Badge of the Garter embossed. The chairs of state, and the seats of the Knights are carved, and newly gilt, and covered with purple ! velvet, embossed with the Star of the Order of the Garter. The ceiling is highly ornamented, and is richly srilt. St. George and the Dragon, and other in signia of the Order of the Garter, are introduced among the different devices. THE BREAKFAST. After the investiture of the King of Prussia, a itjeuni was served to the visitors in the Queen's presence chamber, the Queen's audience chamber, and the Vandyke Gallery. The, Queen and Prince Albert, the King of Prussia, and the royal visitors passed to the white breakfast room, and all the ladies to the oak room. The company at the dejeimi incluned all who had received the honour of invitation to the banquet st. George's nAix. I The following description of the preparation in St. Ceorge's Hall, is from the Tines, which, , affords a general view of the magnificence of the scence which the hall presented : — On entering this singularly striking room our eyes were perfectly dazzled by the brilliance of the gold which glittered before us. Ou a screen, which extended nearly two- thirds of the width of the room, was fixed a'beaufet of plate, almost too dazzling to look upon. The centre piece was the celebrated shield of Achilles, on which it were only a vain task to utter words of commendation at this time of day. Around it were thirty-three other massive nieces of plate, to say nothing of the .minor chalices and goblets which wore inter spersed among them. \Ve want words to describe their unrivalled splendour, Looking up the table we saw four distinct avenues formed between the silver grit plates ranged on each side of it, by the tureens, the vases, the salt cellars, and the chan deliers. The salt cellars were singularly elegant and diversified.. The chandeliers, with their numerous branches, rested on polished mirrors, to which they gave,. and from which the}' borrowed, light when their branches were burning. In the centre of the tablet directly opposite to the Queen's chair, was a magnificent gold chandelier, standing nearly five feet high, with numerous branches, on which was a splendid carving of St. George slay ing the Dragon, with Victory dropping a crown of laurel on his head from above. Near it was the celebrated Tower salt cellar, which is so well known as one of the choicest gems of art in the possession of the crown. But why should we par ticularize further in such a display of opulence and refinement, when we only saw the table for a few minutes, and each separate piece of plate would take us almost an hour to describe! Looking be hind us, we found another sideboard equally gor geous with that which we had at first so much admired. We think it must have contained some, of the largest salvers in the world. We were told that one of them, valued as worth 10,000guineas, was formed out of the golden snuffboxes received by George IV. We saw amongst them two im mense gold bottles, said to be Scotch, with mas-, sivc chains of tlie same metal, containing. from, four to six quarts each. The workmanship was exquisite. We had also pointed put to us the celebrated gold cup of Gustavus.Adolphus, which now belongs, to the royal plate chest of England. In! a recess opposite to the Queen's chair,' arid which was surmounted with the prince's plume, we were particularly struck with the golden dogs, of George IVi, the golden tiger|s lieatf, once the property of Tippoo Saili, ana several enamelled drinking cups, especially one which' contains an emerald said to be worth £500. We were told that this recess contained three celebrated, cups by Cellini. The Nautilus cup requires no praise or ours ; it is singularly, elegant. There was a cup of the time of Charles II., which, also excited' great admiration. It is said to have once belonged to Charles II., and to have, been presented by him to a Mtister of Queen's College, Oxford, who had' rendered important ser vices to his father Charles I. If the scene were thus splendid in the day time, what must it have been in the evenitig, when ir radiated by a thousand candles, whose light was reflected from above and below by the polished surfaces, ou which they fell; When we first saw it, about halfrpast seven in the evening, we were obliged, coming as we did out of a darkish pas sage upon iti to place our hands on our eyes as a sort of shelter against its glare and brilliance. We had not, however, been in many minutes, when. we became accustomedto it, and were coin pelled, in spite of ourselve.8, to yield to the scene' before us t£e most unlimited admiration. It is impossible for us to convey by words any idea of its gorgeous magnificence, and we shall not at tempt to perform impossibilities. We have seen many splendid theatrical lilutions, but this was a reality, and far surpassed them all. The gallery opposite to that reserved for spectators was filled with the splendid bands of the Life Guards in their state liveries, and of the 72nd Highlanders, which in the course of the evening sustained to admiration, by their performances, their well de served character. Covers were laid for 140 per sons, and the tables absolutely groaned under the .weight of the gilt silver plates deposited upon them. For each guest a servant in the royal state livery was in waiting, and even before the guests appeared, the scene in the hall was full of anima tion and splendour. THE BANQUET. About half-past seven o'clock her Majesty, con ducted by the King of Prussia, and followed by Prince Albert, the Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Sussex? the Duchess of Cambridge, the Duke of Cambridge, Prince George and the Princess Au gusta of Cambridge, the Prince Ferdinand arid Prince Augustus of Saxe Coburg, Prince Leopold of Saxe Coburg, and the rest of the illustrious guests, preceded by the great Officers of State, entered St. George's Hall. Her Majesty took her scat in the middle of the table, having the -King of Prussia on her right hand, oud the Duke of Sussex on her left. At a quarter before nine o'clock dinner was over, grace said, the cloth removed, and a magni ficent dessert, containing every delicacy, both in and put of season, was placed upon the table. Se veral pieces of most exquisitely prepared confec tionary, were then served up, and from the pro fusion of flowers with which they were decorated it seemed as if a gay parterre had suddenly sprung up among the orther gay illusions of the scene. The wine sparkled brightly on the board. The Lord Steward then announced as a toast, i'His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.' I The company rose and drank it standing, her Majesty and' the Prince standing at the same time, and bowing their thanks. The band then played ' Rule Britannia.' A few minutes elapsed, and the Lord Steward announced the next—' The King of Prussia.' The company again rose, the King of Prussia standing at the same time and bowing thanks. The Dnke of Sussex stood awhile after the other guests were seated, and we could | not help suspected that his royal highness was inclined, in spite of court etiquette, to favour the company with a speech. At last he, too, sat down, and the wine proceeded, the band playing the Prussian national anthem, ' Vaterland.' The Lord Steward gave, as die next toast, ' Her Majesty the Queen.' Again all stood, her Majesty among the number, returning her thanks by the most graceful and animated bows. The band played ' God save the Queen.' The next toast was, ' His Royal Highness Prince Albert,' when the same ceremony was re peated by all present. The band played the ' Coburg March' in the most exquisite stjle : the bugle notes being most skillfully and exquisitely introduced. At a quarter to ten o'clock her Majesty rose ' from table, and this was a signal for the ladies of ( her company to do the same. Her Majesty ' waited till they were grouped around her, and then returned to the grand reception- room. THE CONCERT. At ten o'clock her Majesty, leaning as before on the arm of the King of Prussia, and followed ' by Prince Albert, who escorted the Duchess' of Sent, left the banquetting room, and retired to . the Waterloo Gallery, in the gallery of which the ! musicians of the Queen's private band had pre vionsly assembled. At one end of this saloon a table had been placed for the reception of the christening .cake, which had been removed, un touched and entire, from immediately before her Majesty on the dinner table in St. George's Hall. This cake, which was on a scale of magnitude and magnificence quite unrivalled, stood ou a silver plateau about thirty inches in diameter, and with its figured ornaments was upwards of four feet high. The base was ornamented with the rose, shamrock, and thistle. Immediately above were medallions in silver of the Queen and Prince, all around alternately with Ihe Prince of Wales's plume. Over the medallions were placed the royal arms, while above the feathers appeared the arms and emblems (the harp and leek) of Wales. The upper edge of the cake was corniced with an ornamental scroll. Above tliis were six pediments, with three pedestals on the uppermost, on which were placed female figures representing Ceres, Justice, and -Plenty^ and; on yet loftier pe destals appeared Britannia bearing the infant prince, Clio with her historic pencil in hand, and St. David with his harp invoking a blessing on the child. Between these threelast figures was the baptismal font, the whole being executed in' a style of exquisite art by the chief yeoman of her Majesty's confectionary, Mr. Mawditt. Besides this cJief d'cnivre, of contrivance and skill there were on different parts of the table upwards of fifty figures, and other emblematical devices, ex eevted in the same style, though not of the same style, though not of the same magnitude. All of them appeared as bright as the pureBt alabas ter. There were also fruits of every description — oranges in slices, peaches with ail the fresh ness of natural bloom, strawberries, raspberries, and every description of currant, nil modelled in sugar,'and so admirably executed as all but to defy the possibility of dstecting their composi tion. . On each side of this table other two were placed covered with gold drinking cups, and behind the whole was a .fourth table, supporting a gigantic punbhbWl containing negus. Immediately on die entrance of the Queen a signa} was given by; the Eari of Liverpool to Mr. Anderson the master and conductor of the band, and a' concert of instrumental music was then commenced.' . And executed by the various performers with consummate taste. During its progress her Majesty arose, and proceeded to the colossal punch bowl, from which a glass of its contents was taken jby the Queen to the health of the Prince of Wales an example which was speedily followed by all ipreBent^ including the Duke of 'Wellington and the Princess .Augnsta. After this the coversa tion became general, the King of Prussia entering ifreely into, conversation with the noble group around him'; and, truth, to say, now and then j slyly taking ajiinch of snuff. Many significant , looks we're: directed towards die cake, and it was at 'one tune expected that the Queen herself would have, ordered hostilities to have been commenced against it, but her Majesty appeared unwilling to Bpoil this remarkable' specimen of first-rate con fectionary,. and it therefore remained statu quo. Precisely at hal£past eleven the Queen:, took her leave of her guests, to whom she; matte, re peated and graceipl obeisances/ andy ijlnciniher arm in that of the King of Prussia; rpflredlrom the apartment, which was . speedily. Afterwards vacated by the visitors'. ' ' 