Cricket. Notwithstanding the very unfavourable state of the weather on Monday last, the long talked of match came off in Hyde Park, between the Australian Club against the Colony. The Aus- tralians having won the toss, determined on going in, that they might have the benefit of batting before the ball became soddened. Ac- cordingly Sheppard took his stand at the wicket, and having received three balls from Orford, retired with 0 - and was quickly followed by Bruce with the same number. Sadler made 4, and then declared a dividend, and was followed by Thompson, a lad who both in this and the last match, displayed the elements of a good bat, but he was caught by W. Still at the short slip, having scored 6. Bennett was bowled by Orford for 0, and Davis. having made 20 runs, chiefly to the leg, had his wicket drawn by Fitzpatrick. R. Still made 10 by sweeping hits, and then yielded to Orford, who it must be confessed was bowling in first-rate style the whole of this innings. Rowley commenced batting in slashing style, but was betrayed by Hamley, who made a beautiful catch behind wicket. Byrne by way of experiment, played the ball off the point into Fitzpatrick's hands, who pocketed it, and Clarkson was bowled out by Orford for one run, leaving Boyle not out. On the part of the Colony (chiefly the Vic- toria Club) W. Still and Orford took their places, after a refreshing shower of rain (!) the latter made 6, and was caught by Bennett. Hamley (a hard hitter) made 4, and had his wicket drawn by an insinuating ball from Clark- son. He was succeded by Fitzpatrick, between whom and William Still there was some very pretty play. These two indeed seemed to un- derstand each other's play, which is a great point at cricket. After batting for a consider- able time, in a style that we have never seen equalled in the Colony, Still had his wicket floored by a leg-twist from Rowley. Sims played well for 7, but was not proof against Clarkson, who to prove that this bowling was not chance-work, took Wood's wicket for 5, and Mclntosh's for 0. Fensome was floored by Rowley, before he had time to see which way the wind blew, and Bodenham having scored 1, made a long hit, and was well caught by Sadler, Gardner and McVitie made 2 each ; the former having been smashed by Rowley, and the latter caught by Bennett, thus leaving Fitzpatrick to carry off his bat with a score of 24, the top score of the day. On the 2nd innings of the Australians being called, they again sent in Sheppard and Bruce, but Fitzpatrick, either in consequence of the rain that had fallen, or of the lunch provided by "Mine Host," had got his bowling well up and drew their wickets in character, allow- ing them 5 a piece out of courtesy. Sadler after making 12 good runs was pinched close up by Fitzpatrick and hit his wicket, appa- rently in disgust with such ingenious conduct. Thompson gave in to Fitzpatrick after 2 runs, and Bennett again bowed to Orford for 5. Davis seemed determined to do business, but was unfortunately run out. This was a dead loss to the Australians, as Davis generally scores high. Rowley was deluded by Fitz- patrick after making 3 runs, and Orford walked into the affections of Byrne for 0. Clarkson, on whom so much depended, was bidding fair to score, but after making 6, was caught by Fitzpatrick in a masterly style, and Boyle had the equanimity of his timber-yard disturbed by the same "gay deceiver." The 2nd innings of the Australians being called, Fitzpatrick followed up his innings, ac- companied by Orford, who batted very safely indeed, and having made 10, was bowled by Rowley. Hamley followed and had his tim- ber swept away by one of R. Still's moon rakers, and Fitzpatrick scored 7 and yielded up the ghost, being summoned thereto by Tom Rowley. W. Still was given out for leg before wicket, (2 runs) and was followed by Wood, who got his play well up this innings. Most of the crack-bats being now out, the Australians entertained hopes of retrieving, but Wood played admirably, and was ably supported by Sims, who, although he generally played up, did not on this occasion throw away half a chance. Wood scored 13 and Sims 10, (nei ther being out) which concluded the game, the respective scores being : - AUSTRALIANS. First Innings 54 Second ditto 66 120 VICTORIAS. First Innings 76 Second di to 45 121 Thus winning with six wickets to go down. HINTON HOTEL,-This valuable property, Junction of Hinton and Paterson, with all the premises attached, buildings and conveniences, together with a dwelling house and grounds adjoining, and allotments of land, will be sold by Mr. Stubbs, on Friday, the 11th March, 1842. This mornings sale at 12, will comprise the Summerbell Estate, with cottage, comprising 4 allotments (one waterside), with every possible advantage for a patent slip and other impor tant objects, whether for boat-building, 01 repairs on a large scale. THE RIGHTS or MAN.-Wo have to ac knoivledge the receipt ora phamphlet on " the indofeasiblo rights of man," from the able pen of Mr. M'Eachern, editor of tho Free Press. We are not at prusent prepared to rofute the arguments and " authoiiliefa" cited by tho author, but we shall give tho subject our earliest attention, suffice it to say, that Air. M'E. has handled his topic in a masterly style, al- though our opinions aie far-very fur indeed, from coinciding with the conclusions he has drawn ; nevertheless we are very far from considering that " the article is a mixture of bombast and twaddle," as a very erudite co temporary bus assorted ia kia Saturday's publication, FIRST FRUITS OF THE ABOLITION OF TRANS PORTATION To NEW SOUTH WALES.-Moreton Bay, in Northern Australia, is no longer a penal settlement for British transports re-con rioted in this Colony, of transportable offences, instead of being a gaol yard maintained at a heavy expence as heretofore, it will now become, a flourishing free Colony, producing a hand- some revenue, and adding another star to the flag of Australia.-Communicated, Tho house of-Mr. G., Green, "on tho North Shore, was on last Sunday night- burglariously entered by thieves, after the family liad gona to sleep. They managed to get access to the house by one of tho front windows, and helped, - themselves to a number of silver spoons and < forks, tea-pot, sugar basin, &c;, with which they escaped without creating any alarm ; two of the silver spoons wore next morning found on the sash of tho window, whero no doubt ' they had boen dropped by thoso hold invaders. Wo would call the attention of tho heads of tho police to the necessity which exists of having a few efficient constables stationed on the North Shore, for the better protection of Her Majes- ty's subjects in that quarter, and in endeavour» ing to put a stop to, the of late, frequent robberies which have there been committed. Fonannv -A young man named John Crow, was on Monday placed at the bar of the police office, charged with forging the name of John Lithgow, Esq , the Auditor-General, to a Bill of Exchange, with intent to defraud Mr Saul Lyons, of the firm of A. and S. Lyons of Pitt Street. The prisoner went into the prosecutor's office, on Fi¡day last, and after stating that ho wanted some provisions, ice, for some sawyers in his employ, asked Mr. Lyons if ho would take a promissory note with Mr Lithgow's en- dorsement, ¡n payment. Mr Lyons said ho would, and the prisoner thereupon left a pro- missory note, drawn by one John Bayliss, and payable three months afterdate, at the Bank of New South Wales, in favour of the prisoner. Mr Lyons suspected all was not right, and took tho note to Mr Lithgow, who denied having endorsed the bill. The next day the prisoner carne into Mr Lyons' office, and was immedi atly given into custody. On being taken, he said, "jWell, I'm in for another lagging." and did not attempt to deny the chnrgo. He was remanded to this day, for the evidence of Mr Lithgow. LIST or CAPE TOWN PRICES, 31ST DF.cn. 1S4L-Beef (good) per lb. 2d a O I ; mutton, 3d ; pork, 6'd a 7d ; Tea, 4s a 4-i 0J ; sugar, 4la4|d; coffee, 9 J ; rice, l|d a '2|d; sago, 6J; fl mr, S£d a 4|d ; potatoes 2¿d ; candles, til a 91; soap, 6 1; sal', Id a l£d ; pepper, öd; butter, la l£d a Is 3d; cheese, Is Öd ; tobacco, Is 4d a Is 6d ; snuff, 3i ; bread, (first quality), per lb. 4§d. NEW SOXJFII WALCS -REFORM.-Our Syd- ney papers io the 24th of April contain a very interesting statement respecting the revenue of New South Wales for the quarter ending the 31st March, 1841. We call this statement interesting, because it argues a very remarkable change in the habits or the morals of the colony. This will be fully understood by adverting to the items of the account. The gross revenue for the corresponding period in 1840, was £05,291, Ils. Gd.-in lOél £63,504 l7i.4ii lint ibu decrease has been caused by a most extraoidinary diminution in the duty on spirits. In the quarter of 1840 the duty on imported spirits was £25,914, in that of 1«41 £19,990 duty of spirits distilled in the quat ter of 1810 was £7,635, and in that of 1841 £1,914. The duty on tobacco remains the same. The duty on foreign goods imponed in the quarter of 1840, was £8,384, and in that of 1841, £11,760. The post office in 181'), the quarter of, produced £3,670, and in that of 1841, £5,185; and the te venue from oilier sources in the quarter of 1840, was £13,334, and that ot 1811 £10,69». We confess that in our es imation this is one of the most cheering, as well as one of the most remarkable statements ever made relative to any colony. The excessive use of Alcoholic stimu- lants has long been one of the direst curses of New South Wales, one of the worst indications of tha demoralization of a large poitionofits population, and also one of the most formidable obstacle's to general improvement, order, and prosperity. It seems, however, that while this gangrenous evil is rapidly, we had almost said miraculously, on the decline, the true ele y ments of prosperity are extending themselves y in almost unrivaled ratio.-Australian Record 