To the Editor of the Colonial T'imcs. Sir,-It moy not be uninteresting to some of your readers to know that previous to II.M.S. Beagle, Capt. Stokes (now in harbour) leaving the western coast of Australia, that officer carefully examined the seaboard to the northward of the S\van, in search of what had been absurdly and iniquitously termed Port Grey. " Iniquitously," because the perpetrators of such gross deceptions better deserve hanging than one half of those who aro subjected to that ordeal, jeoparding as they thus do the lives and interests of thousands. By the printed report of Captain Stokes, it appears that nothing like a port is in existence in the place laid down in tho newly invented chart, an open roadstead " Champion Bay," about twelve miles to the southward, being the only anchorage worthy of noticp. In the Morning Advertiser newspaper I some months since ventured to assert that such would be the result of an examination. I now, through your columns, desire to know how the present Governor of South Australia, the Captain Grey whose name is given to this ghost of a coun- try- fit, ns he says, for colonization, " abounding with water and fino pasturage"-can answer the charge of having made such a report ? How ho could have ventured to write in the highest terms of praise about a port ho never saw ; a country which Captain Stokes describes as one in which there is neither wood, nor water, nor herbage ? Ile throws off the odium, it seems, on Mr. Moore, the Advocate-General at Swan River. That gen tlemnn I know well ; und as his friend, I caution His Excellency not to play with the name of a man who I nm sure would not lend himself to so vile a hoax. Mr. Moore is now in Ireland, but he will return. Let His Excellency speak out; if he, being His Excellency, cannot do so through the press, let bim put some document before the world which may Set his character (at present deeply compromised) right with those who wish him well; but who fear that his stepping stone to a govern- ment has been founded nu misrepresentation. Your readers may not all, Mr. Editor, seo the point of these observations ; but they are such as may perhaps attract attention elsewhere, and also tend to usefulness in these Colonies. Briefly then, it is necessary to state, that about two years since Colonel Latour and Sir James Stirling sold about one hundred thousand pounds worth of land to certain persons in London, who formed what they termed '. the Australind Company." A Mr. Clif- ton, with numerous persons attached, were sent out, and a large expenditure made at Leauchenault, now called Australind, which is situated about half way between Cape Lewin and the Swan. By the representations made of the very superior excel- lence of Port Grey, the Company were induced to give up their lund at Leauchenault, and to send out orders to their agent, Mr. Clifton, to remove the settlement to Port Grey. Fortunately, Mr. Clifton was not inclined to believe the possibility of there being such a splendid country to tho north- ward of Freemantle after all the careful exami- nations which had been made, and, therefore, he did not break up the settlement. By this he has saved the new settlement from destruction, and the Company from ruin. The bubble has burst, Aus- tralind is saved, and will succeed, there cannot be a doubt; but what becomes of the publie cha- racters of hiin, or of those, who have thus dared to play with the fate and interests of others ? His Excellency Captain Grey may rest assured that the inquiry will not rest here ; and as one of those who are interested in the success of Western Aus- tralia, which such gross deceptions as to the real character of any part of the coast to the northward cannot but retard, I for one call on him for an explanation, plain, straightforward, and honest, such as would be expected under the circumstances from any man, not a Governor. By the repre- sentations made at public dinners, in the English journals, and otherwise, thousands of persons might have been induced to leave their native country with their families for utter unavoidable destitution and ruin. Tho blame must rest somewhere, and by way of drawing public attention to so vilo a hoax, I beg your insertion of this letter, requesting at the same time your pel usai of the remarks on the subject, in a late number of the Swan River Inquirer, which, if you have not, I shall bo happy to send you. M. 