___________THE INDEPENDENTS, ______OR CONGREGATlONAI CHURCH. __On Thursday, the 20th instant, the foun- dation stone of a Chapel for this denomi- nation of Christians was laid at New Town, on a piece of ground presented to the ma- nagers by Captain Swanston. There was a considerable assemblage of people, although the day was very unfavorable. After a hymn was sung, and a prayer offered up by the Rev. F. Miller, the Rev. W. Jarrett delivered an address, of which we annex a copy, at the conclusion of which the foun- dation stone was laid in the usual form by Mr. Miller. The address ought to have appeared last week ; it was omitted in con- sequence of the mistake of the parties who promised to furnish us with a copy for pub- lication. We have great pleasure now in giving it publicity, as we shall at all times have in forwarding the objects of this very useful and exemplary sect of Christians. The following is the address :— ________________ADDRESS. __It is because we believe that "Everything is sanctified by the word of God, and by prayer," that we assemble to-day to invoke the blessing of God, upon occasion of laying the founda- tion stone of an edifice to be dedicated to His worship. __Upon such an occasion, it cannot be deemed unsuitable that we should offer a word or two in explanation of the religions views of those for whose use the proposed edifice is intended. __The terms Congregational and Independent havo been employed for the purpose of ex- pressing, as far as a word can do so, the views we entertain upon the subject of Church govern- ment. We do not agree in opinion with those who think that Diocesan Episcopacy is the scriptural form of church polity. Wo believe that every pastor of a Christian society or church is a bishop, in the sense in which the word is used in the New Testament, and that he derives his authority to minister in word and doctrine, not from the mandate of an earthly sovereign, nor from the suffrages of his ministerial brethren, but from those who invite him to become their pastor. __We do not agree, on the other, hand, with those who are of opinion that government by Presbyteries and Synods is the scriptural model of church rule. We believe that a Christian church is a society of truly religious persons united together by deliberate and voluntary accord, and that it is tlie right and privilege of every such church to administer its own' affairs by general vote, and that such churches are not amenable to any extraneous jurisdiction whatever. The rules by which such a church should be governed are, we believe, to be drawn in every case directly from the New Testament ; and the only authority to be re- garded is, in our opinion, that of the Great Head of the Church, the. Lord Jesus Christ. While we hold in charitable esteem those who conscientiously differ from us in opinion upon church polity, wo think that we derive our sen- timents from the New Testament, and that we have a ministry in every respect scripturally valid. Believing, also, that Christ's institutes are intended to answer high and important ends, we do not deny that we attach great value to our distinctive views on church govern- ment ; not, indeed, because they are distinctive, but because they are true. __The points upon which we agree with the great body of the faithful, will be found to be so many and so important, as to lay a substantial basis for communion with all who recognise the Divine character and mediation of Jesus Christ. We entertain, indeed, an hereditary jealousy of creeds and human formularies, believing that the ipsissima verba of scripture present us with the best possible exposition of the mind of tho spirit of God. At the same time we do not hesitate to acknowledge that " the things" most surely believed among us, are, in every main point, in accordance with the confessions of faith, of the Churches of England and Scot- land ; of course excepting the articles which relate to church government. Tho points of harmony, therefore, between us and the great body of Protestant Christians are infinitely more than the points of difference ; and while we dare not, from the allegiance we owe to Christ, shun, upon every proper occasion, to avow and defend what we regard as religious truth, it has been, it is, and it will be, I trust, our happi- ness to merge our distinctive principles, when ever we can consistently do so, for the sake of combining with other Christians in any general movement for the good of the Church Catholic, and for the conversion of tho world to Christ. We are willing to forgot, when wo can con- scientiously do so, the points on which we differ, for the sake of communion upon the vital and essential doctrines of the Christian system. For myself and for my brethren, I unfeignedly declare that our desire and aim are to maintain " the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." __Let none suppose that, because we do not sanction subscription to articles of faith, as ex- pressed in the words of fallible men, there is anything approaching to laxity in our reli- gious views ; or that great discrepancy of opi- nion exists amongst us, while classified under one general name. Some of our opponents have candidly acknowledged that there is more real unity of sentiment among the churches of our faith and order, than in some others in which an ex animo consent is required to an authoritative confession of faith. Nor is it wonderful, as it appears to us that an habitual reference to the inspired records for direction upon every point, of sentiment and practice, should beget uni- formity of opinion on every important religious truth. __If great names are thought to ennoble any particular religious profession, we can point to an illustrious roll of ancestors whose names will be held in remembrance as long as talent and genius, sanctified by piety, are revered in the christian church. Such men as Owen, and Howe, and Watts, and Milton, and Locke, are calculated to add lustre to any system with which they identified themselves — if eminent names can do so. But we prefer that our opi- nions should be tested by a more infallible stan- dard. He who said, " Call no man master upon earth," and whom we desire as disciples reverently to follow, has directed us to " search the scriptures." The inspired apostle has, in like manner, exhorted us " to prove all things," and to " hold fast that which is good." This is our intention and aim ; and we will yield to none in reverence for the Bible, or in earnest desire to be guided by its statements, and go- verned by its laws. __Reference to another subject can by no means bo regarded as impertinent on such an occasion as this. I refer to the subject of the support of religion by grants of money from the State. From the pages of ecclesiastical history, we think we read a lesson, expressed in no hard-to- be-deciphered symbols, that the patronage of the Stale has never failed to prove detrimental to the spiritual interests of Christ's Church. When we look, again, at the evils which exist in Churches enjoying such patronage now--- when we look, on the other hand, at the com- parative purity and efficiency of those Churches which are unencumbered by such support---and when above all, we remember the emphatic declaration of Christ, " my kingdom is not of this world," we think we receive a charge to exercise the most scrupulous care to preserve His Church from the influence and control of worldly men, directly or indirectly exercised. Regarding it as a duty to '' abstain from all appearance of evil," wo think it right to decline grants of public money, although no conditions may be expressed which would appear to fetter us in the exercise of our religious principles. No considerations of temporary expediency appear to us sufficient to outweigh the possible — may I not say the probable— injury to be sus- tained from bringing ourselves under obligations or into any kind of connection with the State. Believing, moreover, that Christ has given it in charge to his people to support his cause upon the earth, wo deem it but right to urge them to the performance of a duty, in perform- ing which salutary exercise may be given to their own religious principles ; and while we are sensible that those who think and act diffe- rently upon this subject may appear to occupy a vantage-ground at present, we are by no means doubtful that the result will justify our views. It must he admitted that the mode in which such assistance is rendered to religious communities in this colony is the least objec- tionable that could possibly be devised ; but, by such a mode, the same support is rendered to error as to truth ; and thus pernicious doctrines receive a currency to which they would by no means attain, were they left to the unassisted energies of their advocates. Pure Christianity demands a fair field and no favour ; and we cannot doubt that, if left to itself, its progress will be immensely greater than when swathed and bandaged in the habiliments with which men would invest it. In order, moreover, that the monstrous injustice of creating a monopoly in favour of any one religious party may never be perpetrated in this colony as in the Mother- country, wo think it right to protest against any interference of the State for the spread of reli- gion, be the intention ever so worthy. Let the State treasury-chest be opened only to dispense for objects purely political ; and let it be left to the Great Head of the Church to care for his own kingdom, and to extend its boundaries by means accordant with its own spiritual nature. __In order to afford convenience for teaching the grand fundamental doctrines of the gospel, in connexion with such views of church polity as I have now expressed, this intended struc- ture is to be raised. We should not seek, were it in our power, to erect an edifice which should dazzle the beholder by its architectural splen- dour ; we think it lawful to gratify taste only so far as is consistent with economy, and with a righteous regard to tho religious wants of the colony and of the world. We attach no sanc- tity to piles of earth and stone as such ; but we pray that the building to be erected may be consecrated by the unction of the Holy Ghost, shed upon those who may worship within its walls, and by the regeneration of many who, within its precincts, may listen to the life-giving doctrines of the gospel. __It is, I protest, in no spirit of worldly rivalry towards any other religious communion that we are about to commence our work. We re- joice, and will rejoice, in the legitimate success of all who promulgate the great truth of the gospel. To the members of every such com- munion we will extend tho right hand of fellow- ship, when permitted to do so ; and we will know no rivalry but that of which the apostle speaks, when he exhorts believers to " provoke one another to love and to good works." __I trust that I have advanced nothing which can justly be construed as offensive to any from whom we differ. It is not our wont to refer to the points of difference between us and others. The occasion seemed to justify and demand it. I trust that the reference has been made in the spirit of Christian candour. If, however, any think differently, I beg them to excuse the offence in the exercise of that charity "which hopeth all things, and is kind." I conclude with thr prayer, that " grace may be with all who love our Lord Jesus. Christ in sincerity." 