ADDRESS TO PROTESTANT MINISTERS OF THE GOSPEL, Who are not in the 'Total Abstinence Society. By a Lady. \- concluded.- - What can be the cause, that ministers are so back ward in joining -this Society ? what are -they afraid of? they need not be afraid that they will loose their strength, for the strongest man that ever lived drank neither wine nor strong drink. They need not be arraid they will taint by the way, those who drank water out of the wells of the valley of Bacca, went from strength to strength. They need not be afraid they will loose tlieir beauty, for amongst all Nebuchadnezzar's courtiers there was none found so beautiful as the four water drinkers. They need not be afraid of their wisdom, for those who drank water were ten times .wiser than those that drank wine. They need not be afraid of their honour, for Daniel stood, before Kings, one worshipped him, and another put a chain of gold about his neck, and a third made him president over an hundred and twenty princes. Again, they need not be afraid they will loose their temper, for the meekest man that ever we heard of, refused Pharoah's wine, and drank water with the people of God. They need not be afraid of their courage, for witness the same, Moses marching at the head of six hundred thousand, and managing them all for near forty years ; no doubt they would be the easier managed-from their being all Teetotallers ! They need not be afraid of their life, for Moses lived an hundred and twenty years. They need not be afraid of their memory, it is ' he that drinks that forgets.. Kings who drank wine forgat the law, and Ministers who drink wine will forget the Gospel. When the Butler gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand, he forgat Joseph. Are they afraid they will loose their stipend by loosing the favour of public-house and hotel keepers. Oh ! would they consider the profit that arises from strong drink, to pay , part of that stipend is the price of souls, and the sooner it'is parted with the better. A little' that a just man hath, is more and better far, than is the wealth of many such as keep a spirit bar. God does not require robbery for a burnt- offering, and those that deal in drink are robbers of God, and servers of Satan to a far greater extent than we have hitherto been aware of. Lord, open their eyes that they may see. But, to return to the question, is it because some of their elders, who are not over temperate themselves, advise them against it, that they may have their minister for a companion and excuse? It is written, when sinners entice thee consent thou not, for though hand join in hand they shall not go unpunished. Is it because they like a little drop themselves ? Lot said, it is not a little one — Oh ! it is not a little one ! And thus roll it as a sweat morsel under their tongue ! Oh ! if they would remember that the price of every glass would pur chase a tract, every bottle a bible, and a tew hogsheads would pay a preacher, and we could send more mis sionaries' through the world, and be nothing the poorer, and we would have more to give, to the poor, and to him that is ready to perish. If ministers are tem perate already, it is easily done. If they are not it ought to be done, and done immediately ; the greater the sacrifice the more valuable. And, when we consider the great sacrifice that our Saviour, gave for our salvation, we ought to blush, and be ashamed, that we will not part with such a trifle, when he hath commanded us to cut oft' a right hand, or pluck out an eye, if there be a temptation to sin. O, what a pity it should be said of so many good ministers — one thing thou lackcst. Do, now, come along with us, and we will do you good, for the Lord hath spoken good concerning Temperance. When the sin of drunkenness is so prevailing, we ought to do all in our power to prevent it. Union is strength ; and in every attempt to reform, there was always a canvassing for names; wishing it, will not do; but down with your names, and the majority soon divided it. The scripture saith two is better than one, and that favours Societies, and gives us many instances, a few of which may be men tioned. Moses and Aaron delivered Israel. Caleb and J oshua brought them into the promised land. Jonathan and his armour-bearers beat a whole garrison of the Phil- listines. And our Saviour favoured Societies, for he chose twelve Apostles and seventy Disciples, and sent them out two by two. He sent two to bring the ass, two to prepare the Passover, and on more extraordinary occasions, approved of three. He took three to witness his transfiguration, and he was seen walking with three int the fire ; and he says, where two or three are met together in my name, there am I in the midst. There are three that bear record in Heaven, and three that bear record on earth. And many more might be added, but these are sufficient to prove that Societies are scriptural. God could as easily have wrought by one as by two if he pleased, but let us use the means as he did, if we expect the blessing. Far be it from me to think that temperance alone will save us ; there are many graceless and ungodly persons in the Temperance Society, but that is no reason why we should keep out of it ; there are many such in the Church, but that does not hinder us from joining the Church. And we are sure, that if we were all members of the Temperance Society, it would help to purify the Church, and we would be workers together with him who hath promised that his Church shall be fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners ; and as water is of a purifying nature, we ought to use it in preference to any other kind of drink. We ought to think much of water, for God thought much of it ; for in all my search, I cannot find any thing that he showed so much of his power and presence, as in and by water : and who knows, but he may intend doing some great work by it again. The first time that ever we hear of the Holy Ghost, was, on water: the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And at Christ's first appearance as the Son of God and Saviour of men, was at the water. There are three persons in the Godhead at once made manifest ; — the son stood on Jordan's bank ; the Holy Ghost descended like a dove ; and the Father from Heaven cried, this is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased. We find that God often met with, and blessed his people at the water. Where was Daniel when the Angel was sent to make known the vision to him ? He was by the river Ulai. Where was he when he saw a glorious vision ? He was by the river Hiddekel. Where was Jacob when the Angel blessed him ? He was by the brook Jabbok. Where was old Elijah when the ravens fed him ? He was by the brook Cherith. What was the last miracle that God wrought by him ? Dividing the waters. What was the first miracle that showed Elisha to be a prophet ? Dividing the waters. Where did the woman of Samaria meet with her Saviour ? At the well of - water. Where did our Saviour sit down when "he' was weary ?'| Not in an Inn, but on a well's mouth. He ' chose = his disciples from the water; preached on the writer ; walked on the water ; wrought miracles by water. God often used water to work his cures. He sent the leper to Jordan, — the blind to the pool of Siloam, — the devils to the sea, — and all manner of disease to the pool of Bethesda. Here we may compare the Total Abstinence Society to the pool of Bethesda; although it may not cure every disease, it cures many. Water gave birth to the world. Water swept the world of its sinful inhabitants. Water we are baptised with. Water is said figuratively to flow in Heaven. The rich man cried for water out of Hell ! God has often smiled on water,, when he has frowned on wine. How often is wine compared to wrath, and water to life — water to a blessing, and wine to a curse. Vineyards and gardens are dangerous places, there Satan lurks unperceived. There was a deceitful devil in the garden of Eden ; a sensual devil in Noah's vineyard ; a .covetous devil in Naboth's vineyard; and in a certain man's vineyard, there was a treacherous and murderous devil; and in the garden of Gethsemene, there was a devil let loose! Adam sinned in a garden, and the second Adam had to bear the curse of it in a garden. And how often do we read in scripture of the judgments of God descending on the wine drinker, at the very time he was enjoying himself with it. When was it that Benhaded was defeated? When he was drinking himself drunk. When was it that Amnon was slain ? When bis heart was merry with wine. When was it that Job's children were killed ? When they were drinking wine. What was Belshazzar doing when there appeared the fingers of a mans' hand, writing upon the wall? He was drinking wine : and in that night he was slain. See how different it was with his servant Daniel ; the Angel of the Lord was sent from heaven to tell him that God loved him for denying himself, and that from the first day that lie drank no wine, his words were heard. Do Ministers, to whom this is addressed, not know all this ? O Yes, they know all this, and a great deal more, and yet they drink wine ; they know all this, and ought to have taught us all this; but ive have searched for ourselves, and we have found it out. Now we must put them in remembrance, that they isliould.not touch, taste, or handle wine, but for medi cine, or at the sacrament, when it is applied by the Minister to love-sick souls ; and applied by the Doctor to sin-sick bodies ; for God saith, they shall drink wine in courts of my Holiness, and give wine to him that is ready to perish. If, after all is said, there be still some Minister who continue to use wine as for merly, let them beware, lest their members, who are in the Total Abstinence Society, should come out from among them, and be separate ; they may build a church, call a temperate minister, write over their door Temperance Church, while those whom they have left may write over their door I -Chabod, for their glory will be departed. And the Teetotallers will be found the heroes of emancipation, the universal. philanthro pists, and the pioneers of the Millenium. 