"THE KNAVE OF SPADES." When fortune's smiles no more our friends attend, Nor cash, nor credit, more have they to spend, When these, yea, more than these, have pass'd away, And dream-like, are a ghost of former day, Then, thea's the time, consulting pride or ease, To know a friend, or cut bini, as you please ; Luncheons no more,nor sapper tr&ys;,nor dinners, But Duns and Bailiffs dodge the altered sinners; No song, no dance, to make the moments merry, No porter old, mild ale, or port, or sherry : Unseen, unheard of now-unless, perchance, They're NOTICED, and shewn up by Misïxa HANCB ; HARDY indeed the friend who now sticks to 'em, But strange ! that one last friend they'd rather shun him; His grip, not cordial proves, but dulls the palm ; His presence wakens thoughts which have no balm. Revolving in their soul their altered state, They cannot choose but blame themselves, not fate: Too late they see they've gone a-head too fast, That show, and vain pretences could not last. But such as these we pity, not condemn ; Yes, these we pity, weak, misguided men, Who trusting in themselves-and others too When things went wrong, and projects would not do7 Gave credence to a deep, designing Brawler, Who cried-"The fault's not your's, it rests with GAWXBB. Thus on they went, still pinioned 'neath his wing, And as he bade, their cuckoo note would sing. He pressed his influence so, that few could stand Uncow*d-e'en when he press'd a base demand. Inventive too was he, and at a game Adept-like-Double-dealing was its name. By sleight of hand, he kept the trump-card long, 'Twas "KNAVE OF SPADES." He, 'mong the gambling throng, Was derer caird, and landed, feared-notlov*d, Some cautious said-" Touch not the cat, bul glovM." Success breeds boldness-madly bold he grew, And stak'd his ail on one-one card he threw. His luck depended on the pack he play'd ; " 'Twas soil'd and worn," some said, " and much betxay'd " That dirty tricks were common to his fingers, "As hateful to the touch where niceness lingers." That card he threw, and with it such a boast, As brought a warlike Frenchman to our coast, And when the Brawler got that proud ally, Impious he swore-" The laws he'd all defy, Give Governor, Judge, and Advocate, the slip, And he, L'Eveque, and Pack ' Cut out the ship.' " But, stead of this, the Shuffler lost his trump, His hand had floored the card with pond'rous thump, The game was up-the Pack were all thrown down, The ship remain'd in port-Mirth seiz'd the , tovm, The humbugM Frenchman, dupe of low intrigue, Found he had come o'er seas tc play at*4TaiM ¿. - BLB-BIG," _ , /? T. 