UOMmtXIO XKTfiMIOSWeS. INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS. THURSDAY. BEroRC the CHIEF COMMISSIONS, PROOF OF CLAIMS. In the estate of Thomas Heiuk- a single meeting, Jonathan Thorpe, £25 3s. lid . J ames Curtis, £4 ; Kemp and Fairfax, £4 9s ; Welch und Eldridge, £2 9s. Sid . R P Wolch, £2G ]..)».; Thomas Tebbutt, £20* 10s. 5d. ; -- Woolley, £C 16s. fid.; Samuel Matthews, £25 10s. . In the estate of Edwin Carr, a single meet- ing : J. G. Collins, £50 17s. 2d. In the estate of William Thomas Walter*, a first meeting :-Beales, trustee, £25 9s. Od. ; W. P. Crook, £70. In the estate of Humphrey Thornes, first meeting : Somuel Home, £145 ; It. C. Gor- don, £37 lös. 7d. In Charles Macquarie's estate, a first meet- ing : £4 IDs. In Alexander M'Crow's estate, a singl« meeting: no creditors appeared, nor in the estate of Edward Kostin, in which a special meeting had been summoned. MEETINGS TOR TO MORHOW.-In the estate of E. M. Storey, a meeting will be held at ten o «lock, to receive an offer of composition ; and in the estate of John Lord, a special meeting will be held nt half-past ten. AUSTRALIAN METHODIST CHAPEL. - On Monday last, the foundation-stone of a Me- thodist Chapel was laid at Newtown, after which a very respectable company of about fifty persons sat down to a tea service, which was got up in the open air, near to the site of the intended chapel. The services com- menced with the hymn, - "Before Jehovah's awful throne," and an appropriate prayer, offered by Mr. Joseph Kingsbury, after which Mr. W. J. Jones gave out a hymn, and deli- vered an address embodying all the leading doctrines, as taught by the Rev. John Wesley, and which he said were to form the subjects of instruction in their intended chapel. Mr. Jones also remarked, that the building, with the ground, which had been benevolently presented for the purpose by Mr. J. Kings- bury, would be made over to certain trustees whose names were engraved on a brass plate he held in his hand, and which he should immediately proceed to deposit underneath the foundation stone, and that the convey- ance in trust would be on the sole condition that the doctrines now enumerated would alone be preached. The doctrines to be taught, with the constitution of their body, would be recorded by deed-poll in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery. Mr. Jones then proceeded to deposit the plate, and lay the stone, dedicating the intended build- ing to God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, one undivided Deity. Mr. John Garrett, then gave out a hymn, and ad- dressed his hearers, briefly adverting to the name they had taken, as "Australian Metho- dists," and noticing the occasion of their secession from the Wesleyan body; the leading remark of which seemed to be, that as the Methodists of this colony wore abso- lutely English, they did not think that they ought to be considered as a foreign mission- station, and that, therefore, further, as in the beginning of this year the aggrieved official members of the Wesleyan Society had failed to obtain that redress, and effect that change, which tiley thought necessary, by, what they considered, constitutional means, un- der extraordinary circumstances; they had formed a new Society, out of which the present proceedings had sprung. Mr. Garrett proceeded to say, that the chapel would be used as a Sabbath School for the rising generations of that locality; and that at no distant day he anticipated the formation of a day school within its walls. The company then, sung the Doxology, and Mr. Joseph Kingbury pronounced the bene- diction. The day was remarkably fine, and we have no doubt will long be remembered by every visitor on the occasion. The in- scription on the plate was headed, Austra- lian Methodist Chapel," and contained the names of the persons who conducted the ser- vices, the date on which the stone was laid, the names of the trustees, and an allusion to Sir George Gipps, Knight, as Governor. Communicated. PAROCHIAL ASSOCIATION.-In the paragraph relating to the formation of the paro- chial Association in yesterdays Herald, the Rev. W. H. Walsh is reported to have said that the population of the parish of St. Lawrence was three thousand, and the adjoining districts one thousand five hundred. The reverend gentleman said this was the number of Churchmen ; and, there- fore, the number whose interests were involved in the success of the Association. The entire population is, of course, considerably higher than the number stated. ALLEGED ASSAULT ON THE HIOH SEAS. For some dnys past, a young man named Coekerell has been in custody of the Water Police, charged by Captain Spencer Wilson, of the barque Jane, with a violent assault, al Ic'ircd lo have been committed on the 14th Jilly last, at sea. From Captain Wilson's alliiavit it would have appeared, that, for misconduct on the part of the prisoner, who shioped as steward, in London, he had sent iiin'i lorward to act as cook. That on the ltth May he missed some articles, which -ho asked for from the prisoner, who became at once insolent, and on his collaring him, and ordering him below, that the prisoner took up a shot from the deck, and threw it at him, i"flicting a severe wound on his, Captain Wilson's head. On Tuesday, Captain Wilson applied to have the case put off until Wednes- day, and the application was granted.. On Wednesday he came, but without any wit- nesses; the prisoner requested subpoenas for nearly the whole of his.shipmates, in order to prove that Captain Wilson was the of rend- ing party. The subpoenas were granted, the case again remanded, and Captain Wilson was desired to bring any witnesses be might have. Yesterday morning, Captain Wilson hi ought his first mate, Mr. Sim- monds, who, however, did not corroborate Captain Wilson's statement, having merely separated the complainant and defendant, who were scuffling together. Captain Wilson next put a young boy, an apprentice, for- ward, who saw the whole affair, but gave evidence shewing, that Captain Wilson bad first laid hold ol' the prisoner, after making use of sundry abusive expressions, without any provocation, and that a scuffle ensued, in which both parties were thrown down, after Wilson striking his hoad againt the galley, he fell, This witness, however, saw no shot taken up or thrown by the prisoner; but some time afterwards, after the pri- soner had been confined, Captain Wilson went forward and brought a two-pound shot to the cabin, which he ordered the boy to take care of until it should he called for. The prisoner in defence stated, that he had never struck Captain Wilson, nor given any insolence ; but that Captain. Wilson, after having poured out a quantity of abuse, ¿nocked him down, and when he rose, at temped to do so agnin ; a scuffle ensued, and they fell together, Captain Wilson in falling receiving the injury he alleged to have been done with a shot by the prisoner; further, that Captain Wilson, after prisoner had gone to the cabin, came down and seized lum, and with a knife in his hand, threatened to have his heart's blood, and only desisted on the man at the wheel and others coming forward. This statement was fully cor- roborated, and the case was dismissed ; the bench, Captain Browne and Captain Dacre, commenting severely on the unwarrantable conduct of Captain Wilson. Tun "TERRA NOVA,"-We understand that the Attorney-General has declined putting Captain William Henry Marsh on his trial, for the alleged embezzlement with which lie was charged by Messrs. Dunlop and Co., on tho ground that there is no reason for trying Captain Marsh on a criminal charge, even if lie did on a long voyage, ten mouths, con- sume more stores than were put on board for his use. PUULICAN'S LICENSES.-A number of ma- gistrates assembled yesterday at the Police Office, to receive mid determine on applica- tions for special licenses for public houses, which have been put in since the regular li- censing session. _ '1 here were seventeen appli- cations. Five licenses were only granted ; these were toltichard Callaghan, for the Dove Inn, George-street; to Johanna Kennedy, for the Yorkshire Stingo, Goulburn-street; to William Amner, for the St. Patrick, Glou- cester-street ; to Thomas Hillson, fur the Cottage of Content, Pitt-street; and to James Stewart, for the Woolpack, George and Campbell-street. On the 27th instant, the magistrates will assemble to determine on applications for permission to keep open after nine o'clock. AMERICAN FURNITURE AND MERCHANDISE. -We are requeued tu «Im« tin, »i4...,i..i. «r the public to the sale of American furniture, which is 'o be held to-day by Mr. Lyons, at tlie promise? of Mr- Samuel Hobble white, (formerly the Colonist Office), in Lower George-street. Ó\n reference to the adver- tisement, it will be foiled that the sale offers a complete selection of tiV most useful arti- cles of household furniture. ' J hat portion of the American merchandise _whic,.'_ wns no' offered for sale yesterday, will be disposed of by Mr. Lyons, at his Mart, on Monday nexí. COMMITTAL.-A market gardener, named George M'Gill, was yesterday committed to take his trial for maliciously wounding a cow «nd heifer, the property of Mr. Baptist, also a market gardener, of the Surry 1 lill». From the evidence, and from theline of cross-exami- nation pursued by the defendant, it appeared, that some of Mr. Baptist's cattle had been stray ing on M'Gill's ground, and, he taking the law into his own hands, fired at this cow and heifer, laming the cow, and throwing her back in her milk, and blinding the heifer,.which was a pet; riddling both their hides with small shot. The prosecution was conducted liy Mr. Martin, for Nichols and Williams; the defendant conducted his own case, but, as told by the magistrate, Mr. Windeyer, ap- peared much in want of a legal adviser. SALT BEEF. - In the present depressed state of the pastoral interests, when cattle can be purchased for one-half their actual value, it would doubtless be a good spec, to salt large quantities of beef for exportation. We ought to send sufficient salt provisions to the Mauritius and Manila to pay for all the sugar used in the colony, including the increased consumption which-will be usedwhen the. Sugar Company commences operations. 