EXTRACTS AQUATIC FORESTS OF THE . . l SOUTHERN HEMISPHERE. There is a marine production which pos sesses great importance, and grows on every rock from low water mark to a great depth, both on the outer coast of Terra del Fucgo and within the Channels. During the voyage of the Adventure and jfeagie , not one rocK. near tne surtace was discovered which was not buoyed by this floating weed ; the good service it thus affords to vessels, navigating near this strange land is evident, and it certainly has saved many a one from being wrecked. It is surprising to see this plant growing and flourishing amidst those great breakers of the western ocean, which no mass of rock, let it be e.ver so hard, can long resist. The stem is round; slimy and smooth, and seldom has a diameter of so much as an inch. A few taken together are suffi- ciently strong to support the weight of the large loose stones to which in the Island Channels they grow attached. Cap tain Cook in his second voyage, says that at Kerguelen Land some of this weed is of a most enormous length, though the stem is not much thicker than a man's thumb. I have mentioned, he continues, that on some of the shoals upon which it grows, we did not strike ground with a line of twenty-four fathom3 ; the depth of water, therefore, ; must have been very great. And sb this weed does not grow in a per pendicular direction, but makes a very acute angle with the bed of the sea, and much of it afterwards spreads many fathoms on the surface of the waves, I am well warranted to say that some of it grows to the length of sixty, fathoms and up wards. Certainly about Terra delFuego and at the Falkland Islands extensive beds frequently spring up from ten and fifteen fathom water ; and probably there is not any other plant whose stems attain so great a length as three hundred and sixty feet, as stated by Captain Cook. It ex tends through a range of no less than fif teen degrees of latitude and one hundred and forty degrees of longitude. The number of living creatures, of all orders, whose existence intimately depends on this gigantic weed or kelp, is wonderful. A volume might be written to describe the inhabitants of these beds of sea-wecd. Almost every leaf, excepting those that float on the surface, is so thickly incrusted with corallines as to be of a white colour. On shaking the great entangled roots, a pile of small fish, shells, cuttle-fish, crabs of all orders, sea eggs, star fish, and marine animals of a multitude of forms, all fell out together. These great aquatic forests of the Southern Hemisphere can only be compared with the terrestrial forests in the intertropical regions. Yet, if the latter should be destroyed in any country, it is probable that no! nearly so many species of animals would perish, as under similar circumstances would happen with the kelp. Amidst the leaves of this plant numerous species of fish live, which no where else would find food or shelter ; with their destruction the many cormorants, divers, other fishing-birds, the otters, seals and porpoises, would soon perish also ; and lastly the Fuegian savage, the miserable lord of this miserable land, would redou ble his cannibal feast, decrease in numbers, and perhaps cease to exist. — (Abridged from observations on Terra del Fuego in Mr. Darwin's valuable and highly inter esting " Journal and Remarks made during the exploiatory Expedition of the Adven- ture and Beagle") George the Fourth.- — G eorge IV., in early youth, was a handsome dashing personage ; the very outline of his figure, before it assumed the confirmed grossness of middle-age, bespoke a high-toned in tellect,; and his gait and manner at once produced the impression that he was a man whose conduct was measured some what by thought and reflection. By reflection we would not convey the im pression that George IV. was charac terised by wisdom, in the comprehensive sense of the term, for that would import the possession of clemcnts.of feeling,- with which he was but slenderly endowed; His manner and bearing, however, evinced his knowledge of the world, and of the precise relation in which he stood to every one around him, and his eveiy motion was stamped with decision and motive. So much for the general impression produced by the outline of his figure. Few men in their physiognomical observations would venture beyond the result of the general impression now stated ; but such remarks npght be applied to thousands, all differing: widely in their physical, moral, and intel lectual natures. George IVY possessed features of character too distinctive and marked to allow us to escape with so meagre and imperfecta representation of him. lhe head of Gtorge IV. was broad in the region of the temporary bones. The outline of. his forehead was, accordingly, decidedly elegant, which, combined with the. features of his face, produced the im pression that he was charicteristically intelligent. The features enumerated, indeed, evince the possession of great acuteness of observation and rapidity of judgment; and although, in point of capacity, ho.could neither be styled pro found or original, yet he was endowed with a rare and happy combination of in tellectual faculties. Although not very reflective, yet he was capable of acquiring comprehensive details, with a tolerably clear conception of the principles upon which they depended ; and, accordingly, the muscles of his face wore that quiet, composed, unruffled expression, indica tive ot the possession of resources which P/lllIf! 'fipltl/tin' fail tlitv Atid «n nia ottiiIiLIo to him at any moment.; — Monthly Chro nicle. ' " Hard Writing. An Irishman wrote us follows to his friends, during the rebellion of '98 " To give you some idea of the state of the country ait present, I shall only say that at this moment I ain writing with a sword in one hand, and a pistol in the other." The Sliding Scale. — Our sliding scale has more reference to Corns than Corn Laws, as we have frequently suffered from " the pressure from without," when we have strapped on our skates. It seems queer to talk of skates and artificial ice, whereon we disported with several very slippery coves — the late Ministers of her Majesty, now in Opposition,- Lord Mel bourne only did the looking part, as it was too much trouble to put on his skates. Lord John was pushed on by the swell mob. Though he was afraid of injuring his Constitution, he could not find courage to resist their entreaties ; and after cutting a ridiculous figure, he fell from his <e high estate," and went amidst the jeers and laughter of everybody, and took refuge in the city. Lord Palmerston, in stooping to put on his skates, burst his stay-lace. He burst also into tears, and in wiping them away, wiped away his rouge at the same time. Lord Normanby was for a game at prisoners' base, but in a few minutes he let them all go free. He said that the artificial ice was like his new neck cloth — because it. was a novel-tie. Lord Glenelg slipped up and fell upon his cau- dality — finding the position comfortable, he' fell fast asleep. The rest of the late Ministers joined together in executing various devices and designs, but they quar relled so much, that the union was repealed, and the mob turned them;all out. O'Connel was so agitated, that lie went off with a pair of borro wed skates in his pocket, and forrrnt to nnv fhft shillirifr'f/ir riflmiccwtri _ ALge. , " ' Mseaaing uzrlicic.— w e remem Der hear ing Lord Lyndhurst state at a public din ner, that it was only those who had tried to write leading articles who knew the difficulty of producing any that would be road. Lord Lyndhurst, like almost every other prominent public man, has doubt less adventured in this field; and if his great talents stumbled in the path, who can travel it without sometimes halting? Yet, according to the general opinion, nothing is easier than to strike off cur- rente calamo a newspaper article or a political essay. Those who think this, have either never tried it, or have been blindly partial to their own bantlings. Every one remembers the story of that American gentleman who conceived the idea that, in his then present circum stances, the plan of becoming a popular preacher was the best that he could adopt. Few careers are more inviting, and our friend from the far west built himself a log conventicle, and reared in the middle of it a veiy lofty and respectable pulpit. The day of opening arrived, and his new building was crowded. Nothing could be more successful. lie climbed his pulpit — and then, for the first time, it suggested itself to him that it was possi ble for a man not to be quite aufait at an extemporaneous sermon. He kept his congregation in anxious suspense for many a long minute. He cleared his throat, and got three times to the middle of an opening sentence ; but finding that the enterprise was desperate, he at last addressed his astonished auditors thus : — 44 If any one of you down there thinks it is the easiest thing in the world to preach, let him just come up here and try." So say we as to the less grave task of political instruction. But the newspaper writor is even worse off than this gentleman was, for he had a multitude of texts open to him, and the vices of mankind afforded him an infinite variety of subjects for instructive exhortation. He was not com pelled to be new, or smart, or eloquent ; he was not obliged to interest andi to excite. His auditors were before him, and they were bound to listen. Not so the unhappy purveyor to the public appe-' lite for political pabulum. - He; must be ever smart, wifty, pungent, and, alas ! his subjects also must be ever new. If any one thinks this easy, let him see the list less contempt with: which papers are just now taken up, glanced at for a moment, and thrown down upon the table. If any one thinks it a common capacity, lot him look at the dulness of some papers, even when topics , are frequent, and let him mark the uninteresting dreariness of even our best journals at this dull period of the year. — yitias. Earthquake in Central America. — The earthquake in Central America (in telligence of which was brought' by the last packet that arrived from New York, at Liverpool, on Tuesday, January 11), seems to have been unsurpassed in the extent of its ravages, at all events for many years past. The scene of this ter- rible calamity was Cosla Rica (the Rich Coast), one of tho states of Central America. It; is bounded on the south east by Vcragua, and extends from the bpanisli Main to - the Pacific Ocean, cast aiid west, comprehending the western part of the high land that divides the plains of Panama from those of Nicaragua. It is a very mountainous district, and but little known to Europeans. It is only inhabited in - its western districts, those bordering on the republic of New Gre nada being cither unoccupied or in the possession of independent Indians Sugar, timber, and Indian corn are exported to Peru and Chili ;| and the district is said to contain some considerable mines of the precious metals. 1 Some, mines of gold are worked at the present time, and some parts of Costa Rica produce much cocoa, and are fertile in pasturage. The more important gold mines are those of the mountains Del Aguacate and at Real del Monte. San Jose, the capital, contains about 16,000 inhabitants, and the ravages of the earthquake here were of the most heartrending nature, a very large number of lives having been lost, and. property to a great amount destroyed, byjhis fearful visitation. The state contains two har bours, Puente de Arenas, on the eastern coast of the Gulf of Nicoya, and Matina, on the Atlantic. Costa Rica is divided into two departments, Oriente and Occi- dente. Its commerce consists of cattle. hides, wax and honey.- — Times . A Piece of Sea Fainting off the Cape of Good Hope.—'hc sea-birds held their holy-day in the stormy gale. The lordly and stately albatross, whose moiion is a very melody, swept screaming by upon the blast. The smaller Cape pigeons followed us fast, passing and re passing across the vessel's track. At last one of them spies a fragment on the waters, which has been thrown overboard; a moment it hovers above, then plunges down. But the other birds have seen it too ; and all pouncing on the spot, move their wings confusedly, and seem to run along the wa crs with a rapid and eager motion. Now is there discord wild amongst them. A screaming and diving, swimming and running, mingled with a chattering noise. No sooner one gains the morsel than another tears it from him. Who will be victor here ? The albatross ; for he sweeps triumphantly over all, swoops down, and with a scream sca'res off the timid little multitude ; whilst high above his head he holds his arching wings and now in pride and beauty he sits upon the waters, and, drifting fast astern, gra dually fades in the twilight. What won der that a sailor is superstitious ; separated in early youth from his home, ere he has forgotten the ghost stories of childhood and while the young and simple heart still loves to dwell upon the marvellous, he is placed in such scenes as these : iii the night, amidst the din of waves and storms, he hears wild shrieks upon the air, and by him float huge forms, dim and mysterious, from which fancy is prone to build strange phantoms; and oft from aged sailors he gathers legends and wondrous tales suited to his calling, whilst his narrator's myste rious tone and earnest voice and manner attest how firmly he himself believes the story. — Captain Grey's Journal. Always ( Poorly." —-" I feel quite un well, and will take a little brandy and water," said a . member of a temperance society, who had promised to use no ardent spirits, except as medicine. " I am very unwell, my dear; hand me a little brandy." " Here is the brandy," says the' wife ; aiid I wish the socie ty; further . off, for "you have not had ' .a well day since you joined it." Y Anecdote of Sultan Mghmoud.— His Highness was some years ago going in state to a mosque, and had proceeded as far as the tomb of his: father, Abdul Hamid Khan, at Baktchi ICapsi, when an old Mussulman, of, mild out serious aspect, suddenly sejzed his stirrup, and said, " It is the 'will of God ; I have a suit against you— accompany me to the Mekhemme," (Hall of Justice). The Sultan, without evincing the least surprise, replied, <c It is well— 1 will go. but it will be by deputy." Then turning to, theStamboul Effendesssi, (mayor),' he( added, ,c I constitute you my representative— let these two gentlemen go with you to certify your identity, and do you' see 'that justice takes its course." 'Hie man 'quitted his hold of the stirrup, the procession moved on, and the others went straight to the Mekhemme. It turned oiit that the plaintiff, having a piece of land which adjoined that of the govern ment of Adali, the governor had, on some pretext or other, taken possession of it twenty-seven years before, no twithstainil- in'g that the ; o wner held the title-deeds - These documents were now produced, ex amined and found to be in order, and the Sultan was condemned not only to restore the property,- but to pay the proprietor the rent of it for twenty-seven years. All was done without a remark, and the man in a few days set out for Adali. Previous to leaving the capital, however, Maltmuud sent for him; 'complimented him on his spirited determination, and loaded him with presents. He then dismissed his for. tuiiate subject with words to this effect, Return home, and should any man wrong you, if the authorities fail to do you justice, recollect I am here ! London Shipping .—-'it has been com puted .that, the total amount of property.; shipped 'mid unshipped in the ; port .of London in one yepr, amounts- to, nearly £70,000,000; and there are employed in, the exports and imports about- 4,000 ships, and not less than 15,000 cargoes annually enter the port. On an average there are 2,000 ships in the river and docks, together with 8,000 barks and other small craft employed in lading and unlading them There are about 2,300 wherries and small boats for passengers; in navigating the wherries and craft 3,000 watermen gain a livelihood by it, and 4,000 labourers are employed in, lading and unlading the ships, besides the crews f of the several vessels; and 1,200 revenue officers are constantly doing duty in the port of London. Asses and Mules. — -Englishmen on visiting South America and the Mediterra nean countries are usually much struck with the (to them) incomprehensible ano maly of mules and asses bringing higher average prices than horses. But this is soon cleared up by finding them surer- footed, hardier in constitution, requiring less water and food, and going through fatigue, without either eating or drinking, that would knock up any ordinary horse. Besides this, they can carry pack-loads of greater weight in proportion to their size than horses : 270 lbs. for a mule and 170 lbs. for an ass, being the medium pack- load in South America. Like the goat, also, many herbs and plants are' food to them which are poison to other animals : and hence they have been advantageously introduced upon some English pastures for this purpose, the health of the stock being greatly improved thereby. In Malta, a donkey stallion frequently brings £70 sterling ; and even higher prices have been given in the United States of America, where their value . begins to be appreciated. — Cunning liam's Hinfs for Emigrants. Height of Clouds— -The altitude of clouds in the South Seas;- under' :tne in fluence of the trade- winds was .found by the officers of the .Venus: to, be between 900 to 1,400 metres (2,952 to 4,593 feet) 