SITTINGS OF THE INQUISITION. THE SECOND NIGHT.— (Continued.) Walker. — Who she was, no one knew ; but she was evidently no common personage. Her appearance was most Jascinaling ; her manners were most imeistibie. A glance, a eiuile, a siHi, half-repressed, were Fufikiirjt to bind ycj to hof for life. But then she was so tickle, 60 capri cious, so cold, and then again so tender, that it is no wonder her lovers all became lunatic in suc cession, after they had sitKuered and frowned about hex* for thice weeks and a few days. Whibt I remained at Inieriacken, no less than five interesting young men, who had all arrived there with intellects sounder perhaps than yours, were successively removed fo Berue in straight waistcoats and with shaved heads. Sir Pat. — Now, by the piper!— but go on, n;y dear Walker! [The Gkand Inquisitor slips out of the room without being perceived hy Sir Patrick.] Walker.— Of all those who fluttered around this dangerous Circe, none drank deeper of the poisoned chalice- than the Chamois Hunter. Up on him, too, she seemed to look with eyes of peculiar favour ; nor was it to be expected that she could behold with indifference one whose daring and adventurous spirit was the theme of admiration throughout four Cantons. Fame, lame is the rag that dazzles the eyes of woman. Blessed with the glorious prospect thus held out to him, of ineffable and never-ending bliss, the Chamois-hunter seemed to grow still more alert. He roamed over gjaciers hitherto deemed inac cessible, lie shot more chamois in a day than three men could carry home without inconve nience, he bounded over chasms in the ice that no one else durst even look into ; ' And what 'b most surprising, nay, very particular, * He tkijiped up the rocks which were quite perpendicular.' But ail this buoyant happiness and elation of spirits came suddenly to au end. There arrived at Interlacken on the 19th August, a man of a stumpy figure, obese and coarse, vulgar and illiterate, but possessed of a sufficient degree of assurance, more than a sufficient quantity of glossy, well-greased ringlets, aud famous through out Europe lor being able to twirl six trenchers at a time, and keep them spinning altogether for upwards of twenty minutes. This hero became ui tuuioc iuc nun vi cvci^ jjui tj ? JL1IB UCUICUICU Chamois-hunter fell hack iato the shade, and his fame was entirely eclipsed by that oi the illustri ous t wilier of trenchers. But worst of all, thd lady of his adoration transferred her sunniest smiles to the rival he despised, aud evinced a do cided predilection t'ov ckrk ringlets and pewter plates. — Yet why should I prolong the painful s;ory ? Suffice it to 6ay ? Sin Pat. — I beg, my dear Walker, that you will not omit a single incident. I am particular ly interested— most particularly. What did the Chamois-hunter do under this aspect of his affairs? Walker. — He performed a thousand actions of the most extravagant nature : — shaved off his mouslachios ; forgot to brush his hair; forswore his breakfast ; drank brandy undiluted, and ex- ? pressed incessantly the most horrible intentions of breaking the sixth commandment in the course of the ensuing week. Sir Pat. — I never heard anything bo— —but how did it end? ' Walker. — Why, it turned out one morning, that the lady had eloped with the man of ringlets ; and thereupon the chamois-hunter betook himself to the wildest recess of the mountains, where be periormeu unnumoerea extravagances, tie was last observed on the highest summit of the Grin delwald, without his hat, and from that day to this has never more been heard of. Sir Pat. — Bless us, and save us ! St. Pa trick befriend ! roost extraordinary! [The Grand Inquisitor enters in the dress of a chamois-hunter, tcith the alpenstock in his hand, and stands beside Sir Patrick.] Walker. — Ghosts and goblins ! what do I see? Sir Pat. — Ah ! — murther J murther ! I '11 be killed entirely ! Oh, hubbaboo ! Grand Inq. — Ha ! ha ! ha ! Sir Pat.— Why sure ?— -O by the Powers !— Mr. Steadfast! Is it really, truly, positively you? Grand Inq. — I should imagine so. Why, you old simpleton, did you really believe that heap of lies and nonsense that Walker has been cramming into your ears ? Sir Pat.— Not I. Not a word of it. But are you really the chamois-hunter? Grand Inq. [with modest reserve.] — I cer tainly have gained some celebrity by my ex ploits in that way ; but as for Walker's tale, it is pure fiction from one end to the other. I never saw or heard of him at Interlacken. Walker [composedly taking aptnch of snuff.] — It would be odd it' you had, considering I never was there in my lile. Sir Pat. — Why, you old nefarious, unblush ing vagabond ! how durst you impose upon my innocent and unsuspecting nature, with such a siring of falsehoods .' Walker.— I have heard Steadfast brag of his feats against the goats, an J 1 thought you might like to hear a little romance founded thereupon. Grand Inq. — Brag! indeed. I beg, Sir, you will cease romancing now. ' Brag !' you say 1 Sir, 1 have a right to an apology. Walker. — You have a right to a glass of ?unch. Here ! stand not upon ceremony. )rink it off, and grow atniabl-\ Grand Inq.— Well, Mr. Walker, I accept of the atonement. Sir Pat. — But the lady, nnd the turner of trenchers ? You surely could not have invented that ? What became of them ? Walker. — Went to the ? together. Sir Pat. — Then fill me a tumbler of wine, and 1 will drink their healths, for anxiety on their account has made me somewhat thirsty. Grand Inq. — In a short time we shall drink wine of our own production, if people will only attend to the luminous treatises of the learned Secretaries, or instructing Committee men, (the Columella and Varro,) of the Western Australian Association of Vintagers. Walker. — I think I shall give them a few hints for their next essay. It appears to me that such an illustrious body ought not to be contented -with producing mere ordinary stuff. With the help of a few more treatises, we might perhaps be able to rival the ancients in their liquor. Grand Inq. — Yes! for we can command every ingredient made use of by the Greeks and Romans ; salt-water, which they considered in dispensable, abounds in the interior as well as on the coast ; the leaves of the peppermint tree would do as well as those of the Cypress ; and the shavings of the raspberry-jam would be no bad substitute for those of the cedar. The black-boys and zamias might be found to produce equivalents for the pitch, resin, turpentine and liquid tar which the ancients were also in the habit of mixing with their wine to give it a relish. sir Pat. — Jioky poker ! what a beastly set they must have been ! Walker. — Not more so than ourselves. Ask a London vine-merchant how he improves the flavour of port — though you may as well spare yourself the trouble, for he will take care not to teli you. The favourite Roman wines were pro bably white — the vines ' Mareotides albse,' mentioned (with a host of others) in the second Georgic, which I looked into the other day, when hard up for something worse, reminded me of our ' muscatel ;' and it is particularly directed thai they should be cultivated in poor fand. Grand Inq. — Perhaps they produced the Salamana grape, on which in former times I -doted. Sir Pat. — Those ancient gentry were, like me, fond of sweet things. Walke. — Their bad taste was certainly equal to yours. They liked rasin-wine, vinum possum ; l»ut they were also fond of champagne, or some thing resembling it. Grand Inq. — What was that wine, Walker, which the Emperor Augustus most delighted in, because it agreed best with his stomach ? Walker. — I forget ; but it was not like either of those produced by Captain Shaw or Mr. Thomas Mews, I will venture to affirm. Grand Inq. — And yet the day will soon ar rive when the wines of Western Australia shall be celebrated throughout the civilised world. A superior grape is now being cultivated, and next year a wine will be produced (O happy thought!) Tentatura pedes, vinctura que linguam— that shall make a man unsteady in his steps, and fettered in his speech. Sir Pat. — I have no conscientious scruples on the subject of wine, taken in moderation, but I am also a decided friend to malt. What a pity it is there is no encouragement given to brewing ! Grand Inq. — Ale is imported at so low a price, that the brewer cannot compete with the importer, on his first starling in business. He requires to command a large sale before he can afford to sell cheaply, and until there be laid a heavy duty on imported ale, there will be no suc cessful brewery in the colony. Sir Pat. — But I must object to that imposi tion. Tax brandy and spirits as much as you will, but pray let us have our beer cheap. Walker. — You talk as learnedly as a couple 01 inXHttJCUCrD | UIJU luat ii-uituuD me ui a. iiiuuiu cahon which is required in the granting of licenses to landlords. Twenty-five pounds are, I believe, at present charged for every license, This is all very well at Perth and Fremantle ; but it is not very well in the bush, where a house is established for the accommodation of a few travellers, who ore necessarily fleeced by the landlord in order to enable him to recover the value of his license. At such a place as Bailup, for instance, it would be ridiculous to expect any one to pay such a license. Grand Inq. — Tt is not required at present. The Government lias power to sanction the occu pation of such houses tor a certain period without payment for any license. Walker. — Nevertheless, it appears to me that it would be better to make the amount of license depend upon the surrounding population. Giving the magistrates power to increase the license as the population increases. Sir Pat. [yawning.] — Well, you have talked yourselves into a most prosy pair of old hum bugs, and I am heartily thankful that supper is ready, and the professional business of the Inqui sition is therefore closed for this evening. 