__________ENGLISH EXTRACTS. ____[From the True Tablet, a Catholic Journal, Ap. 9.] __THE APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSION.— The Reverend Maurice James, rector of Pembroke, commenting, in the Oxford Chronicle of Saturday last, on a pas- sage in our review of Mr. Sibthorp's second pam- phlet, in which we ridiculed the notion of an apos- tolical succession transmitting as both true two con- tradictory religions, enforces this very objection : — " Nothing less than such a thorough degration and stultilication of the doctrine of the apostolical succession, and apostolical unction, appears to me to be involved in the acknowledgment by the Church of England of the validity of the orders of the Church of Rome. That validity she believes to depend upon the unction of the Holy Ghost trans- mitted, through an unbroken episcopal succession from the times, and from the hands of the Appstles ; and the validity of her own orders she believes to depend. precisely on the same unction of the same Holy Spirit. And yet she blasphemes the Church of Rome ; she accuses the Church of Rome of blas- phemy ; and directs her accusation particularly against a tenet and an office, in which, more than in any other part of her institute, that Church re- cognizes the strong evidence and authentic zeal of her divine vocation and inspiration." Poor Church of England ! say we again. She is in a dilemma either way. She does recognise our orders, and cannot vindicate her own, except by establishing the validity of ours. And yet the two religions ! __PUSEYISMS.— The Bishop of Worcester has writ- ten a letter to Mr. Oldknow, a clergyman in Bir- mingham, expressing his disapproval of the exhibi- tion of a cross in his church, and of his bowing to the communion-table. The same bishop declines ordering the removal of a cross set up over the com- munion-table of a new church at Rugby, though requested to do so by Mr. Alford, the incumbent, who states that it " attracts a number of persons to his church." A new Anglican church, not yet con- secrated, at Nuneaton, is also deformed by a like monument of the Redemption. A crucifix on the communion-table is to be seen ar Moreton Pinkney, in the diocese of Peterborough, a living in the gift of Oriel College, Oxford. At Ipswich, on Good Friday, one of the clergymen announced that hence- forth the benediction will not be given to the con- grcgation, whenever there is communion, until af- ter communion. At Frome Church, during Lent, the massive silver candlesticks at the communion- table were attired in raiments of black crape, with a black ribbon or sash tied round the middle of each. __WANTONNESS IN FORM OF LAW.— A curious marriage, solemnized by a Catholic priest, affords the brothers Macdowell, who edit the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle, a pretext for invoking a similar barbarity to that recently perpetrated in Bombay. It seems that a Protestant parson at Hobarton de- clined to marry the couple without the existence and consent of some guardian of the young woman, she being under 21. Having no guardian, and her parents being dead, they then applied to the Catho- lic priest, Mr. Butler, who, of course, saw no diffi- culty in it, and complied with their request. Next morning he found the bridegroom in prison, and also the masters of the house where it was celebrated. The Van Diemen's Land Chronicle demands that the priest should also be imprisoned for this crime, viz., the presuming to marry an unprotected orphan ! __LICENSED VICTUALLERS' SCHOOL. — A draft for £100 was forwarded to the office on Saturday by Messrs. Whitbread and Co. __FATE OF SCIENCE. — On the case of Jean Alex- andre Phillippe Val Marino, Count deo Val Marino, being called, it was announced to the court, that the insolvent was in such a state of destitution that he was unable to quit the Fleet prison, where he had been confined for a long tiine, in consequence of not having clothes fit to appear before the court in. Mr. Nicholls, in answer to a question from the Court, said, he had been in the case on the former day to oppose, but he believed that what was stated respecting the insolvent was correct, and that he was in very great distress. rFom other statements it appeared that a sum of £13 had been granted by the Court to enable the insolvent to file his schedule. The money had been paid to the attorney. The unfortunate count was said to be supported by the generosity of his fellow-prisoners. The announce- ment of the insolvent's unfortunate situation excit- ed great commiseration in the Court, he being a gentleman of very great scientific attainments, and is said to be the inventor of a means of generating gas at a very reduced cost, which has been exhib- ted before his Royal Highness the Duke of Cam- bridge, and many scientific men, with great suc- cess. On Thursday he appeared decently attired, expressed his gratitude to the commissioners, and was discharged. __The Canton Free Press quotes two inscriptions found on an English tomb at Amoy, bearing the dates 1698 and 1700 : the latter to the memory of Capt. Stephen Baker, of the Success, and the for- mer in remembrance of Henrv Duffill. commnurlnr of the Turnlull. The holy sign, with an inscrip- tion in Portuguese, on an upright stone, appears to consecrate the ground. ____"Wind may not rove, nor billow sweep, ______Where rests not England's dead." __SOIREE IN SCOTSMAN-OFFICE.— On Saturday last, a soiree was given by the proprietors of the Scotsman to the various persons connected with their establishment. Each individual having been allowed to bring one or two of his family, about eighty persons were persent, for whom the large compositors'-room, which was cleared out for the purpose, afforded ample accommodation. After tea and coffee, the company were abundantly sup- plied with negus, together with a service of fruit ; and the evening was passed in a very interesting and pleasurable manner. Mr. Maclaren and Mr. Ritchie acted respectively as chairman and crou- pier ; and in the course of the evening toasts were proposed by Mr. Burton, advocate, Mr. Smibert, Mr. Miller, Mr. R. Gilfillan, Mr. Smith and Mr. Donaldson, who were present as guests ; and by Mr. Hedderwick, Mr. Fyfe, Mr. Irvine, Mr. Gilbert, and other individuals connected with the office. As the object was to infuse as much liveliness into the meeting as possible, the speeches were all short, and interspersed with songs, two of which, of a humourous kind, were written for the occasion and excited much laughter. Mr. Blach, teacher of elocution, formerly connected with the establish- ment, gave an excellent recitation from " Mansie Wauch," and all present seemed to enjoy them- selves in a way pleasant to witness. Entertain- ments of this kind are gradually superseding the boisterous conviviality in which workmen were wont to indulge, and afford a pleasant evidence of the spread of education, morality and temperance. __A meeting of the landowners and tenants of East Lothian was held in Haddington on Friday, Sir George Warrender in the chair, to consider the proposed Ministerial schemes as they affected agriculture. The meeting was very numerously attended. The resolu- tions, which complained of one and all of the Government measures affecting agricul- ture, excepting the reduction of the duty on clover seed, were unanimously agreed to. The chairman announced to the meeting what appearetl to take all present by surprise, that, though the tenantry were to be nomi- nally assessed for the income-tax at one half their rent, yet in reality the tax was to be only on the fourth — that is to say, a farmer paying £1000 a-year would be assessed at £500 ; and for that sum he would only be called to pay 3½d. per pound, instead of 7d., as the rest of the community would be taxed. This statement was received with some in- credulity by those present ; but Sir George said, though he had not the terms of the reso- lution with him, he could assure them of the correctness of his statement. __SLUGS AND CLUBBING IN CABBAGES.— -Some inquiries having lately been made respecting the best method of getting rid of slugs, and also the cause of clubbing in the Cabbage, tribe, I beg to give you the following as my experience on those subjects. When I went to the Duke of Portland as gardener in 1832, I found that I could not grow any crops of the cabbage tribe that were fit to appear at table ; everything of the kind being eaten at the roots by a white maggot, and the ground being1 overrun with slugs as well. I how- ever soon destroyed grubs of all sorts, by the application of burnt clay, the refuse of a timber-yard, or any rubbish near at hand. As soon as the litter was sufficiently burnt to ashes, and cooled so as not to burn the bar- rows, I had it laid over the cleared ground, from an inch to two inches thick, imme- diately after lightly pointing it in, and then put in my crops. There was no appearance of clubbing afterwards, and the roots were perfectly clean, and the crops were as fine and luxuriant as any one could desire. The soil, which before was cloggy, soon became so mellow as to astonish the workmen who had been there years. The burnt material had all the good properties of our magnesian lime, without any of its bad ones. By the application of recently-slaked magnesian lime, sown at night, while all the slugs were abroad, I soon exterminated them. But the best and neatest method is to have a tank in proportion to the extent of the ground requiring its application. Throw water over the lime in such a quantity as to render it when settled clear and caustic. Stir all well together, and in a few hours it will be suffi- ciently clear, and then it should be drawn or laded off for use into another vessel. In the course of the day, lay slates, tiles, boards, or large leaves of any kind, over the ground where slugs or worms frequent, and on the following morning let one man turn over the slug and worm traps, whilst another person with a small pot sprinkles the lime-water over the slugs as the traps are turned up, and in a short time they will all be as dead as if boiling water had been poured over them. To the discerning horticulturist it is well known there are two separate sallies of slugs during the night one comes out in the evening and another towards morning ; those who are desirous of destroying the whole as soon as possible, must have re- course to the quicklime system, and choose a calm night for the purpose ; let the lime be sown over the ground about 9 or 10 o'clock at night, and again between 3 and 4 in the morning. It only requires a slight sprinkling to destroy the slugs, which will be found dead next day in all directions, where there is not the least appearance of the finest dust having fallen. If it is to be effectually done, not a nook should escape the hand and eye of the operator ; and if so. no galvanic batteries are needed.--John Mearns, F.H.S., in Ihe Gardener's Chronicle. __ANNE BOLEYN'S MARRIAGE GIFT.— The gal- lantry of Henry the Eighth is conspicuously set forth in the little clock of silver gilt, which he presented to Anne Boleyn on the morning of his marriage. It is richly chased and en- graved, and ornamented with fleurs de lys, &c.; On the top sits a lion, bearing the arms of England. The weights, which are gilt, are curiously chased with the initials of Henry and Anne within true lovers' knots. One bears the inscription : " The most happy," the other the royal motto." This love token was, doubtless, meant as an emblem of en- during affection. It remains the same, after an interval of more than three centuries ; but four years only after it was given, the object of Henry's eternal love was sacrificed on the scaffold. The clock still goes ; it should have stopped for ever when Anne Boleyn died. -- Description of Strawberry Hill, in Ainsworth's Magazine. __NEW ROTATORY STEAM-ENGINE. — The Pro- pagateur de l'Aube announces the invention ot a new steam engine by Messrs. Stinzel and Mirlua, of Gray, in the Haut Saone. " It is not," says this journeal, " upon the high or low pressure, but upon a rotatory prin- ciple. It will require a comparatively narrow space, leaves no chance of loss of steam by dilatation, and is so simple that even the most unskilful person may manage it. Its cost will be little if anything more than half the cost of the present engines. Hitherto the power of steam engines has not been carried beyond 500 horse power, but this new machine may be brought up to 1,000 horse power. This statement, so important in the science of mechanics, is attested by a report from the authorities of Gray. __TEMPERANCE CORDIALS. — It is stated on excellent authority, that the Board of Excise are immediately about issuing orders to check the indiscriminute production of tem- perance cordials in Ireland, it being alleged that this illegal manufacture tends to defraud the revenue. The penalties, which are said to be heavy, will be enforced with rigour. — Belfast Chronicle. __A clockmakor of Chalons, M. Rabiet, has taken out a patent for a new clock, which winds itself up in the act of striking. The mechanism is said to be so simple that these new clocks can be sold at a low price. 