LANG AND WENTWORTH, OR "WONDERS WILL NEVER OEASE." SEVERAL articles have just appeared in the Colo. nial Observer, evidently from the ready pen of Dr. Lang, in support of lhe pretensions of Messrs. Wentworth and Bland, as candidates for the repre sentation of our city in the new council, on the ground of their exertions for the colony, while acting as the leaders of the Patriotic Association. In our last publication we had the satisfaction of overthrow ing Mr. Wentworth's pretensions, and proving his aposTacy out of his own books. We shall shortly lay before our readers Dr. Lang's opinion of Mr. Wentworth during those very exertions for which he would pow award him a seat in council, which will shew that the Rev. Doctor's opinions are not less mutable and destitute of value than those of his now favourite candidates. But, as the Doctor has pro. mised, In his next publication, to make out a clear cause why we should vote for Wentworth and Bland in preference to Captain O'Connell and Air. Hustler, we shall defer this expos6 until we see what are the precise grounds on which the reverend gentleman comes forward with a recommendation in favour of gentlemen whom he was wont to castigate in no measured terms. In the meantime it will be instructive to ourreaders to peruse Dr. Lang's opinion of those very labours on which Messrs. Wentworth and Bland themselves rest their claims to support. We-may mention, by the way, that after Dr. Lang's' last return to the colony, and when, from well known causes, his standing in our society began to be somewhat less firm than formerly, several of the " patriots" were in the habit of calling at our office and -urging us to attack the Doctor, which we of course refused to do. Nor could we understand for some time the cause of their enmity, till meeting with some early numbers of the Colonist newspaper, which was established by Doctor Lang, in 1835, we found in every other number a fierce attack upon site Patriotic Assaociation, sometimes in the Doctor's own article; sometimes ini a piece of rhyme, bearing evident marks of the same authorship; and some times in hard words, from Mr. Bowman, and other correspondents, who professed to have grounds of complaint against the association. We subjoin a few morceaux taken at random from this, at least, clever volume. which will at once account for the secent bitterness of Wentworth's friends againstthe Doctor, and also for our surprise at seeing the latter a staunch supporter of the men who were formerly the objects of his satire and vi. tuperation. - _Now as It so happensthat some of the leading members of the present association held the same conspicuous situation in the last, it appears to us that it would tend greatly to inspire the public with the requisite degree of confidence in their ability and integrity for the future, if these gentle. men would have the goodness to give Mir. Bowman and the public a true and faithful account of the manner in which they discharged their trust as to pecuniary matters during the past. For although they are all undoubtedly habit and reprue gentlemen, to uae a Scotch law phrase, sacred to characters of a very different description, they would-be gentle. men not a whit the lees, if they were to tell Mr. Bowman and the public what they did with the Hawkesbury money. At all events it Is quite evi dent they did not get us a house of assembly with it."-Dr. Lang in 1835. Again: " It is the custom now'a-days for every great arliamentary party in the mother country to have ts club, in tte private meetings of which the mea. sures and tactics of the party are discussed and arranged before being proposed in parliament. I'here is thus, I have no doubt, the Peel Club, in which the worthy p emier regularly marshals his host of out-and~ou 'ories, under* the command of Field Marshal the Duke of Wellington. Titere is also tite lie-peal Club, in which the great O'Con nell, like Hamlet's ghost, or like a newly arrived comet, D S Doth a tauluntold. Again there is that :smercurial little man, Lord Joisn Russell's, or the Whig Club, and there is Lord Stanley's, or the Halfway Mouse Club. '5' Why then,; sald the sipeaker ofa knot of col.' rala patriots assembled together to discuss colonial politica over a pipe and a pint of Jamaica, in tihe * Liver and Lights' public house last Wednesday evening, Why then,' said the worthy speaker, emitting a whole volume of smoke at the time, * whlay should there not be a Patriotic Association. Club to concock measures for the association, and to meet in this here public house every Wednesday.' * Done,' exclaimed Mr. Timothy Steeltrap, a practising attorney's supernumerary clerk, who, I am sorry to say, has been unfortunately blind of an eye ever since the last Parramatta races; * and I here. by offer myself as honorary secretary.' The patriotic offer was, of course, no sooner made than accepted; and the club being thus duly formed and partly oflicered, proceeded to inquire what should be its business. ' To take measures to be sure, for making an entire new suit for the colony,' exclaimed Mr. Goose, the tailor, who had just got his certficate which he swas handing round to the company in a small fis box. At this announcement, there were cries of hear! hear ! and a laugh. ' To knock up a new cabinet for the colony,' exclaimed Mr. Hlammerman,- the cabinetmaker (another laugh.) To knock down the old one first,' vociferated Mr. Going, the auctioneer, at which there were loud shouts of applauses. " hAr. Going, who weas evidently a leading maos in the club, then proposed several resolutions, which had been fairly written out by his friend Steeltrap, and which lie prefaced wits the following eloquent speech. 'Gemmen I thinks as how it is the hobjick of this club, to concock measures for the assoctation. But I say, Gemmen, it must all be kept a confounded segret; (Qy., profound secret, but Mr. Going is un. fortunately no scholar); because why I will, tell you. Well, I puts my name down some weka ago for £50 at the head of a list to raise thl wind for poor O'Shaughnessy, to prosecute that troublesome Scotchs parson there. Every one said mum to it as I showed it 'eno and promised not to split upon us; for, nobody can't place no dependence on moat paople in this here town, and so it all came out flat, what we wereyadoiog, in the parson's Eflie Davy. I never was so taken since I was last taken up, and so I bolted out of court directly. Well then, gemmen, I thinks as how it is the hobjick of this club to ,concock measures for the association; but I tell you again it must be all kept a confounded secret. Because why I told you all about it before. So here are the measures for this club to adop.' " The following measures were then put and carried, by acclamation: " 1. That no member of this club shall vote for any.person to be appointed to any responsible situa tion in the Patriotic Association, unless it shall be notorious that lie either is or has been ltving with a concubine ; it being the intention of this club to support liberal. men and liberal measures, and to put down all bigotry and narrow-mindedness. " 2. That no member of this club shall refuse to vote for any candidate for oflice in the Patriotic Association merely because hIe is -a Port Macquarie or second sentence man ; it being a fundamental principle of this club that all men are equal." Again, Dr. Lang in 1835 " It. is true the Patriotic Association of New South Wales so far from regarding an event of this kind [concubinage] as at all discreditable, consider it rather as a recommendation and qual featioro for office in their n&w; connexion-a circumstance which suficiently demonstrates the correctness of the ob. servetions ce made some time ago, respecting the moral character of a cortsiderable number of that band of brothers." Once more * The Patriotic Association, we all know, are not the men to present such enormities before the house of commons, tire, grand jury of the people of En gland, for it scens, from certain late acts of these apostles of. liberty, they would have us all become fornicators and adulterers together. But we shall present both it and them bejore the grand jury of public.opinion."-Dr. Lang in 1835. Dr. Lang appears to have sailed for England in 1836, taking care, however, to leave his hatred of the patriots with the less vigorous writer who filled his place in his absence. In announcing the Doctor's arrival, his representative in the editorial chair al once praises and imitates his- master after this fashion a Uslike the majority of the members of that most immaculate and important society, [the Pa triotic Association] he [Dr. Lang) haos lestowed, not. only Iris time, his talent, and his domestic. comfort to the general good, audihas conferred more real benefit on Australia, than tire Patriotic Asso. elation would, or could do, as constituted, ina century; and when the latter will be forgotten, or only remembered to be ridiculed jor its IMPO. TENT AND BOMBASTIC MOCKERIES, he will live, &c.-Colonist;, April 6, 1837." The above extracts are not a tithelof what might be quoted from the same source I and yet Dr. Lang is today the first, proposer of Messrs.. Wentworth and Bland, the chiefs of the association alluded to, as representatives of Sydney, and nominates them too, on the very ground of those labours and exer tions formerly so despised and cried down by him I No wonder MIr. W. told us the other day that certain "* alterations had taken place' since then." The coalition of Lang and Wentworth is nearly as great a miracle as the famous compact of Went. worth and Macarthur, at the house of Sam: Lyons, which took place a few months ago, and which was the first demonstration of Mr. Wentworth's secession from what he now terms the 11 rascally Whigs." 