Miscellanea. DUBLIN POLICE DOINGS. 1 : - m] "Ariah, be easy, Mrs. Casey ; sale - No more o' but the' were wet sowIf." he That animals are best seen at feeding time, is a received axiom of old standing ; equally certain is it that nothing can well be more unwise than to interrupt them while discoursing their edibles. A red-haired and vixenish looking damsel, rejoicing in the name of Ann Hackett, was guilty of the latter oversight, for, in lieu of milking one amongst the ladies"! at a " repeal meeting," she remained at home in her crazy tenement, in Barrack-street, and poured hot-water on the heads, and violent language in the ears, of Mrs Dowling, greengrocer, and her very particular friends. Now, as Mrs. Dowling herself expressed it, " there was nothing' short of' danger' she didn't purser to being' disturbed at her refreshments and, accordingly, acting upon this principle, and having shaken, " Like dewdrops from the lion's mane' the contamination of Miss Hackett's down, pourings from her head-gear, she walked up the stairs, ante post rose v. poured, into that damsel, < like Virginny lightning into a gooseberry brutally' Mutual friends interfered -a poker and constable, 40 C, were in requisition, and Theodore was a card orientation to Mrs. Dowling to attend the police office, By the Colleen measured girl's) own account she of course, never through life incurred even the fleeting displeasure of a child-not she ! The s sayings and doings" of her neighbours were to her of just as little moment as the prosecution of the Cork election petition to Dan O'connell- whilst repelling the unprovoked onslaught of the accused, she had, with much fascinating navels, merely observed' that "should grey headed vagabond ought to have singeing her knowledge took," whereupon there ensued a passage at arms, tongues, and nails " Why the , sickness an*-sorrowt>n the crown over head down, this blessing sayson," ejaculated Mrs. Dowling, agitating the ancient tresses, that Rose, like, startled vipers, on her brow," .' Convartion te yo, from the contrary purshools o' wickedfliss.'but yer a nato their lip." (A laugh.) " Erra, mo honorable ma deathrate, she's no great shakes an' sees cure, pany, an they're carnally Tuckanarra robbery id 'wake the dead-earotisin' an' catherwauliu', an' cheering', an' slashing' down -wattles on me. self that lives under 'cm, hot or could, as it comes to hand. To make this detail of grievances the more impressive, Mrs. Dowling struck the bar in unison with every item of outrage detailed. His Worship looked at Miss Hackett, glass to eye and she assured him that " Mrs. Dow had' an' bur cronies war in the habit of taking' French came in ther may, offer an' offer." (A large..) 'A Mrs Murphy made her entree, and deposed to-a variety of annoyances received at the hands of complainant, while just maybe takin' a threw of the pipe, or a taste iv chap coffee -" "Or a dandy punch," interrupted Miss Hackett." of Silence !" said his Worship. " What did I tell ye?" inquired Mrs. D. "'Listen to me, though," resumed Mrs. Murphy. " Well, sir, we work sated, to be s bu re, on a Thursday' evening' course of' an' meself and' Mrs. Nash ; an' sis the woman of' the roo of, a damn the expense,' sis she, 'as the tailor sed whom he boiled a seckind herring here goes ;' said that, she related th' playthings, orderly and' decent- au' she can don't, indeed-" seWell;" observed his Worship, «. we'll suppose the tea drunk On ! then, 'upon me book-case," returned Mrs. Murphy, 'was only powered car, when, the Lord become us any' harm, a plank was moved in the ceiling' above use, an down keep a Fallieres a' praly weather upon the heads up uss, playin' the mischief with our scrubs o' close, an not having' the day worth-what day bilge water was wine 'eggs compared to t. (Loud laughter J Magistrate (to complainant You appear to have been the original offender. Mitta Hackett-The with us is Mrs. Dow lines further, on her oath isn't worth a tinker's curse! " Arrah, sure I'm only her stepmother, exclaimed Mrs. Dowling. " She's no more a blind relation of' mine nor She is by the Queen Dowager's, an I'm thinking they i e cum on a different stock." So saying, she joined heartily in the laugh that followed and the case was dismissed. An Objection Upset. While some beauti- fully-made wheelbarrow were placed before the Prince Royal one of the Persian noble men (who always affect to despise European improvement of any sort) said " This is all very well, but it will consume a considerable time to empty these wheelbarrows." Sir James Sutherland said to him, " Indeed, Sir, it will not and if you get into the wheelbarrow I will show you it will not." The Prince insisted on making the experiment. Sir James trundled him away at a quick rate, and approaching a muddy part of the square, he gave the wheelbarrow a cant, and to the great entertainment of the Prince and spectators, turned the Persian khan into the mud Bridges Mission to India. Quiddities.-'I prefer your room to your company, as the rabbit said to the ferret, when the latter paid li i in a domiciliary visit. * Vaulting ambition (loth o'er leap itself,' as the spider said to the fly, when he hopped into the cobweb. We are hospital to strangers,' as the trap said to the house, when she put her head inside it She's got into Davy's locker,' as the sexton said when his dog worried the cat in the pulpit. ' Slaughter of the innocents,' us the chambermaid said, when she was killing fleas. The Rats of Paris, -In consequence of the removal of the slaughter house for horses, from Montfaucon to the Plaine des Vertus, near Aubervilliers, the colony of rats, whose enormous number was well known, no longer finding food for their support, have emigrated j to Belleville, where they are said to have committed great ravages. It is even supposed (that they have penetrated by the sewers to the markets in the centre of Paris. to ?y Curious Case A few days ago, a corporal belonging to the corps of sappers and miners, who had been employed in the trigonometrical survey in the north, and had managed to save somewhere about '500, came to Glasgow, and took up his lodgings in the Gallowgate. Think i tag he would himself be the best banker, he resolved on securing his money in his body belt, so that it might be at a 1 times under his control and keeping. With this view he had a ten pound note, a 5 pound note, 19 one pound notes, and two sovereigns, put into the hands of a young woman in the lodging house, to sew into his belt, but she adopted a different mode of disposing of the money, and carried it with her from the house, here and all. She was of course searched after, and was last night secured, with nearly one finishes the money. The curious part of the case is yet to be told. The female, young as she Is, is a man and woman, having four children, and her husband is residing in the country. Passing herself oil in town as a single woman, she had captivated the heart of a private of the 10th foot, and last night was, after the usual proclamations, fixed for the marriage. She had spent about £15 in Or a ws for the occasion, and was about to step into a noddy, to drive off to a minister to tie the indissoluble knot, when, lo"! a criminal officer stepped forward and prevented the con- summation she so devoutly wished, and left her soldier all in the dumps! Most of the property purchased by the stolen money has been reco- vered.- Glasgow Paper. A Specific for Typhus The story we are about to relate is no Jock Horn book of the Clachan affair, but literally, in the sense of Burns as true as Clootie -inhabits a certain pit, or "Dublin City." A good-hearted son of the "Green Isle" who has been long located in one of the small towns or villages of the ancient kingdom of Carrick, lately experienced the misfortune of having one of his family bed-rid, ill of fever, supposed to be typhus. The doctor, according to our informant, had given up the case as beyond cure; and, in reply to Dun's anxious inquiries, told him there was no hope whatever : death would ensue in a very short time. This intelligence came like a thunderbolt upon poor Dan. The boy, grown to manhood, had always been a well-conducted lad, and a great help to the family. No wonder, then, that it grieved the old man's heart, and that of his mother too, when they thought of separating, never to meet again. "Well, well," soliloquised the father, " fate's fate, and no botheration as ours 'ill delay the dear boy's journey a minute; si, Judy, you an the child he may as well have aff cryin' there, when you know it's of noairthlyr.se; un' it's a shame, too, that we should part dry mouthed, so I'll just go and get a drop at the crathur to comfort us in our affliction " Away went Dan accordingly tO the shop where he dealt, and asked for a pint of whiskey, telling his grief and his intention at the same time. The shopwoman remonstrated with him on the impropriety of giving Iris sun liquor under such circumstances, adding that death would be the instant result. Dan did not attempt to dispute the point with her, but he thought it would be " convenient anyhow" to have the liquid in the house. Home he went, and filling up bumpers to each of the family, great luck was pledged to their sick relative on the unknown journey they believed he was about to enter. Filling again, they helped it to the head of the feverish and feeble youth ; he swallowed it with apparent relish; after a few in notes, he demanded a second. Dan and his helpmate hesitated for a little.-" Sure it would kill the boy outright ; but no matter, the doe ther says he's dear' at any rate, so we may as well gratify him ; it will be his last request.' Another glass of the ardent was given to him. It acted like the elixir of life he became merry, then like all Irishmen in drink, quarrelsome; till at long it, hanging up in his bed, he squared at the could boy," and offered to fight him a regular bout, for love or money. The lad was Secured - the inebriating effects of the lorry became gradually subdued; and-what! He died ? " No such thing, Docther Ponderous, wid yer puckered up mouth resting' on yer sil- red-headed shillelagh, there" we think we hear old Dun exclaim) the boy is well and hearty, and being really it was whiskey that cured him'!"-Ayr Observer. A Good Joke in good time.-" Here roy old friend, Tom Crawley, got the whole of one regiment out of a precious scrape. It was as follows: Our regiment was served out with linen bags, made exactly to fit across our knapsacks and the same time, three days' biscuit (Slbs ) in each bag. This biscuit was to be strapped on the top of each man's knapsack, well tied, with brigade orders for no man to taste a morsel of, unless given out in written orders to that effect, as our brigadier expected we should be on short common while on the Pyrenees, and this was to be, in case of scarcity, our last resource The has in were examined regularly every morning ing by officers commanding companies, but while seen strapped snugly on our knapsacks, were considered by them all right However, our fellows, who were never at a loss for subterfuge, devoted the following plan to evade the officer's vigilance they eat their biscuits except one 1 whole one, which they kept at top to be seen, and in their place substituted chips. This passed on very well for some time as the sight of the top biscuit satisfied the officers, until one day Captain Johnson of our regiment took it into his head to see his company's biscuit shaken out, and whilst on private parade ordered them to untie their bags to see their biscuits. The first man on the right of his company was the unfortunate Tom Gxawley, " Untie your bag, Crawley," says the Captain. Tom instantly did as he was ordered, and showed the captain a good looking biscuit on the top. * Shake the whole out, said the captain, ' until I see if they are getting mouldy.' OF faith there are no fear of that', said the astonished Crawley, looking the captain hard in the face, at the same time casting a woeful eye on his bag. However the captain was not to be balked, and taking the bag at both ends, emptied out its contents which turned out to be nothing more or less than a few dry chips. Poor Tom, as upright as a dart' stood scratching his head with a countenance that would make a saint laugh, ' What have you done with your biscuit ? have you eaten it sir ?' said The captain. Tom, motionless, made no answer. Do you know it is against orders ?' ' To be sure I do,' says Tom ; ' but for God's sake, sir, do not take me for a South American jackass, that carries gold and eats straw.' This answer not only set the Captain but the whole of the company in roars of laughter. On further inspection, the captain found his whole company indeed the whole regiment had adopted the same plan. Through this our bags were taken away, and we were relieved from carrying chips." Costello's Adventures of a Soldier. A pint of linseed oil, two ounces of bees' wax, 2 ounces of turpentine, two ounces of Burgundy pit eli, slowly melted together and applyed to new boots, will render them waterproof, durable and plant. Ibid, all Laughter It may he asked, what's in a onslaught any more than in a name? but let me to tell the reader, there is more character dies he played in the mode and manner of a laugh, id than in all the speeches that ever were spoken, k or all the looks that ever were looked. I never be yet knew a great man, or a candid man (and I li are known many of both from the Duke of of Wellington to Dugald Stewart, who had not a ul bearly, outspoken, cheerful laugh. But there id is a sort of low chuckling, mocking insouciant ig exclamation, which, whenever you hear it, It, boat from whom it may, you may be perfectly of sure that that man is utterly impervious to be every thing like a sense of moral right and all wrong. It is not that he is hard, or harsh, or (inn, or stern, or strong principled. No, it is that he is utterly careless about everything, that he is of the blaze school of philosophy for I know nothing else to call it, whose foundation is the extinction of all feeling, and whose motto is indifference. They are all of t, them, almost to actual, what are called devol s, ish good humoured follows, and most of them at have a certain quantity of wit, f r their blood to us but soap and water, and it requires no to great skill to blow bubbles with it. as Dunning The jubilant is generally addicted to the jocular, and it is not wonderful that a multitude of jests are reported upon a by late happy event. Among the best we have heard is the revival of the worthy old query, h hythe heir apparent was bom the Duke of Cornwall? Because he was a minor; and an entirely new bit, for it could not be old, the na circumstance never having happened before'! jr Why, when made, his patent passed, the Prince of Wales would be like a twin? because, on this occasion, he would be the second creation of his mother! A French paper publishes the following Police regulations, issued by the Mayor of Lords, near Montargis: Police regulations relative to public balls. Wo, Mayor of Lorris, etc., having considered the i in proprieties that prevail in the public ballroom, have ordained and do ordain as follows: Art. 1, Having considered the accidents which have occurred from the manner in which dancing has been conducted for some time past, it is expressly forbidden from this day forward to dance the gallop, under a penalty of from 50. to 100. to be paid by the musicians who shall play such a dance. 2. Having remarked how many young females fall whilst dancing the the figure called Pastourelle, and not having it in our power to suppress the aforesaid figure, it is forbidden to turn so quickly, to jump, or to strike with the two feet, Boulay, Mayor." A Ghost Story. -The widow of Governor Starke, soon after his death went with her daughter Miss Starke, the authoress of the Widow of Malabar, to pass the winter at Nice. Soon after her arrival at Nice, Miss Starke dreamed that her father came to her bedside, withdrew the curtain, sealed himself on the bed, told her not to be alarmed, and went on to instruct her as follows :-On the Thursday in next week a packet will arrive at the Post Office, addressed to your mother go you to the office and receive it open the outward cover, endorse the contents in another paper, and direct and forward them to Mr of the Inner Temple. Her father, or whatever it was then withdrew. Miss Starke was greatly disturbed, which was evident to her cousin when they metal breakfast, who endeavoured to tranquilly her with the usual arguments. Finding, however, that the subject had made so deep an impression, she said, " Let us go to the post office on Thursday, and the absence of the packet will convince you that the whole is an idle dream." To the Post-office the young ladies went, and there found the packet just an i veil-half an hour later would have been in the hands of Mrs Starke. Miss Starke had no hesitation in doing as she had been directed, but opened the packet and forwarded the contents to the Inner Temple- The return of post brought her a letter from the family lawyer, complimenting her on the extraordinary sagacity and caution she had shewn in sending him the papers; for had her mother executed the deeds>ent to her, the utter ruin of the family would have been due consequence.-Sporting Review. The priestess of that far-famed temple of Hymen, the Sark Toll-bar, in her evidence on a trial for bigamy lately at Cockermouth, stated that thirteen hundred couples had been married there within the last six years. This, however, is exclusive of the number married by the " bishop" of Gretna Hall, which is one of the principal places of refuge for persecuted lovers. - Carlisle Journal. Worth Knowing A chimney on fire, in London was a day or two since effectually put out in the following easy and expeditious manner In the first place, a large pitcher of water was thrown into the grate, which, of course, generated a considerable quantity of steam. A sheet was then fastened in front of the fire place, in such a manner as to prevent a current of air from ascending the chimney, and in less than five minutes all signs of flame of fire in the chimney had entirely ceased. Singular Coincidence A few days ago, while the Messrs. Thorburn, of Leith, were unpacking a chest of Orange Pekoe tea, imported in one of the late arrivals from China, they discovered between the lead lining and bottom of the box, a copy of the Edinburgh Caledonian Mercury of date 22d September, 1790 (exactly forty-five years ago,)containing a letter of the senior Mr. Thorburn, the venerable partner of the firm, regarding the tea trade of that period. The chest was packed 1500 miles above Canton, where the news paper, which is in excellent preservation, must have been put in; and no explanation is given to remove the mystery how it has been preserved, and transmitted back nearly half a century after its publication.-Caledonian Mercury Masonic Didactics Young men, in making their debut on the chequered stage of life, cannot be supposed to be aware of the different characters with whom they will have probably to associate during their progress through its varied scenes ; nor can they be expected to enter on that stage prepared to discover at a glance the fraudulent designs of their fellow actors in the general drama, until the bitter fruits of experiment have taught them discretion. The open heart schoolboy-the un- sophisticated lad at college-the tyro in the walks of conitnrrco--the novice in professional intrigue and jealousy, is like the young chamois sporting on the glaciers brow, ignorant of the danger that momentarily beset his footsteps. A Graceful Dunsford a pretty woman to a friend of ours a few days since, " Husband bat made me a present of a little bill that you owe him." Who could resist such a polite invitation to pay up CorA Southern Reporter, Sam Slick's Difference between a sweet heart and a Wife This must be an ever lasting' fine country beyond doubt, for the folks have nothing to do but ride about and talk politics. In winter when the ground is covered with snow, what grand times they have a playing over these hero marshes with the gals, or playin' ball on the ice, or goin' to quilting frolics of nice long winter evenings, and then a drain' berne like mad by moonlight Natur meant that season for coursing A little tidy scrumptious looking slay, a real clipper of a horse, a string of bells as long as a string of inions round his neck, and a sprig on his back, lookin' for all the world like a bunch of apples broke off at gathering' time, and a sweetheart alongside, muffled up but her eyes and lips, the one lookin' right at you, is e'en almost to drive one ravin' tariff' mad with pleasure, ain't it? And then the dear critics say (he bells make such a din there's no harm one's self speak so they put their pretty little mugs close up to your face, and talk, talk, talk, till one can't help looking at them instead of the horse, and then what you both go capsized into a snowdrift together, skins, casions and all. And then to see the little critter shake herself when she gets up. like a duck landing from a pond, a chattering away all the time like a can wary bird, and you a hawhartin with pleasure, is fun alive, you may depend. In this way blue-nose gets led on to offer himself at a lover before he knows where he is. But when he gets married, he recovers his eye-sight in little less than half no time. He soon finds he's treed ; his flirt is fixed upon, you may depend. She turns him how vinegar is made ; " put plenty sugar in the water aforesaid, my dear," says she, " if you want it real sharp." Thelurfison the other side of his mouth then. If his stay gets up- shot, its no longer a funny matter, I tell you ; he catches it right and left. Her eyes don't look up to him any more, nor her little tongue ring a bell any longer; but a great big hood covers her head, and a whip pin great muff covers her face, and looks like a bag of old clothes, again' to the brook to be washed. When you got out she don't want any more for him to walk lock and lock with her, but they march like a horse and cow to water, in each gutter. If there ain't a trans- magnification, its a pity. The difference between a wife and a sweetheart is near about as great as there is between new and hard cider-a man never tires of put in' one to his lips, but makes plaugy wry faces at bother. It makes me so kinder and wamblecropt when I think on it, that I am afraid to venture on matrimony at all. I have seen some blue noses most properly bit, you many depend. The marriage yoke is plague apt to call the neck as the cash-box does the ox in rainy weather, unless it be most particularly well fitted. You've seen a yoke of cattle that warn't properly masted ; they spend more time in public again' each other than in pulling' the load. Well, that's apt to be the case with them as choose wives in slayin' parties, quil- tin' frolics, and so on, instead of the dairy rooms, and cheese house. The Wool of the Lamas gentleman of the name of Woolaston, who has resided for some years among the mountains of Thibet, has discovered lately a species of the Lama the colour of which is perfectly black, and its hair as soft as silk. The latter, he says, is capable of being woven into shawls and other cloths of a similar description with much advantage. As a staple commodity he remarks that it does not possess the properties of wool, it being much more fine than is the latter material ; but it would admirably well suit the fine shawl trade, as it is carried on in the manufactories of Glasgow and Paisley. The hairs run upon an average twelve inches in length, and are of a jet black colour, so that they do not require dying to entertain a darker shade. A large quantity of twist, which has been turned in the hills, has already been bought up by the French merchants on speculation, and sent to France, where it has realised as much as from 12s 6d, to 14s per pound, while the raw unsound material has met a ready sale at 2s 6d to 34 per pound. The Indian shawls, which have ever been held in high estimation, are manufactured from the fine soft hairs which form the under coat of the Cashmere hill goat, and the above animal, the " Alpaca," (for such is the name under which it is known by the natives) alf >rds a hair as long as that which is furnished by the former creature. The black Cashmere shawls have always fetched higher prices than any others of a similar description to the market; and it is not at all improbable but that the beautiful silk hair of the Alpaca" is used largely by the Cashmere weavers in their manufacture of the latter very valuable as well as profitable article of commerce. Political Deafness - A deputy, named Ancolot (who some time since flourished in political salons), complained to Odillon Bar not, that he found himself getting very deaf. " Allens duke" replied Barret, " it is because you no longer hear the people talk about you that you have taken up this notion." This reminds us of a pleasant anecdote which is told of Harley (afterwards Lord Oxford the celebrated Speaker of the House of Commons, whose casting vote it is supposed to have carried the bill which established the Hanoverian succession After he had retired from public life, his active mind began to prey upon itself, and he imagined himself dead. In reply to some one who had asked him whether he had ever been troubled with deaf- ness while in office.-.. Egad," said Harley, " I was then so afraid of my head that I | scarcely paid any attention to my ears." Golden Rulers reflection on the absent, go no further than you would go if they were present. " I resolve (says Bishop Beveridge) never to speak of a man's virtues before his face, nor of his faults behind his back." A golden rule, the observation of which would at one stroke, banish from the earth flattery and defamation. The Fair Sex The only endurable aris- tocracy who elect without votes, govern without laws, decide without appeal, and are never in the wrong. A fine old Fat mer of the Olden Time. During the late harvest Mr. W. Pusey, Who completed his 102nd year in May last, worked in the parish of Pitminster, near Taunton, as a reaper, in company with four nephews, from two o'clock in the afternoon until seven in the evening and repeated his labours on the following day. He also joined in the festivities of harvest home, sung a song there, and after wards walked home in company with his wife, aged 80 to his residence. A large company assembled to witness the rare powers of the patriarch. Genius." There is a young man down east who learns so rapidly that his friends have to keep pouring water on his head to prevent his catching fire. 