ort 1Dbl lip. -0 \--o... OBELON?O.-PUBLIC HMIKTINO IN FAVOUR OF 'T"B PUBLIC WORKS BILL. (From the Geelong Advertiser.) The second public meeting called together for the consideration of the proposed bill for the election of directors of police and public works was held at the Woolpack Inn, on Wednesday evening last, when a numerous and respectable assembly was convened. Qn the motion of Mr. H. Murray, seconded by Dr. Shaw, the chair was taken by Dr. Thomson. . The Chairmain rose and said that he felt most happy at being called on to preside at the largest meeting which had ever been held in Geelong. He hoped that it would be a favorable omen for the future, and confirmed him in his oplulon that a little direct taxation would at least bring the peop'e together, and induce them to think and act for themselves. The object for which the meeting had been called was one of the greatest importance, involving, as it did, the great constitutional principle of self govern. ment and taxation by representatton. As far as he had been able to ascertain the opinion of the settlers in this district, we seem all to agree in the opinion that we can spend our own money much better than the government-can do for us, and that we shall be taxed, to the amount required, whether we accept the bill or not. He had no hesitation in charactensiog the bill now proposed by our enlightened and states mtanlike Governor as the most liberal measure ever offered to the colonists of New South Wales. In all fiscal regulations we shall act wisely in tlolowlog the practice of our forefathers, and in assimilating our anstitutions to. thlle they have hainded down to us. The present bill is based on these noble inati. tutions; the duties imposed un the directors under this bill are performed by the grand juries in Eng land, who by the bye are` not elected. The comn mitiee, gentlemen, appointed by you at a former meeting to deliberate upon the measure, and to frame a memorial embodying their views, have In accordance with their instrtctiona carefully coa. sidered the subject, and are prepared to lay their memorial before you, in the hope that it will meet your approval and sanction. Entertaining, as I moest sincerely do, gentlemen, a strong conviction that the liberal measures now in progress for our advancement as a colony will prove, under provi dence, highly conducive to our social reform, I conceive it to be the duty of every well regulated mind to give them support, and, while maintaioing a manly freedom of thought, to aid the government by every honest and legitimate means in construct. ing such legislative measures as will ameliorate oar existing condition, and 'arouse our fellow colonists from that deplorable apathy as to all civil polity which threatened utter destruction to our fair pro vince. Mr. Hugh Murray then read the memorial to the meeting. Mr. It. G. Talbot rose and said that lie had ano doubt the principle of the bill would be geneellly approved ; and, as thu memorial made the stetnisio oh the presesnt assessment a nloe qua non, he belheved that it would give satisfaction to every one present; he would therefore move, " That. the fellowing me, .orial, prepared by the committee formerly appoint. ed, be received and adopted by the present meeting r " To hls Excellency the Governor and the Honorable the Legiilutive Council of NewW South Wales. " The Memorial of the inhabitants of the Town and District of Geelong (adopted at a Public Meeting held this day, June 1, S . 1842), " Humbly showeth, ', That your memorialists are fully convinced of. the expediency of vesting in the hands of the inha bitants of. the respective districts throughout the colony the management of their own local affairs. '" That your memorialists -look upon the bill for the ' Election of Directors of Police and Public Works' as a measure well calculated, in principle, to accomplish the desired object. " That your memorialists would, at the same time, express their conviction of the necessity for a remis. sion of the present assessment on stock, should the proposed measure pass into a law; the imposition of two assessments upon the same property for. similar purposes being, in the opiuion of your memorialists, ruinous and unjust. " That, while your memorialists are convinced of the general applicabtlity of the bill to rural districts, they are apprehensive that the blending of town and country interests would lead to much jealousy add dissatisfaction, and are of opinion that speciasl pro. vision, by incorporation or otherwise, should be made for the government of all commercial communities. "That your memorialists would suggest to your Excellency and your honorable council the expe diency of placing at the disposal of the directors appointed under this bill all tines and fees levied in their respective districts ; and that the directors should have control over the con'tabulary for whom they are required to provide. " That your memorialists would humbly request your Excellency and your honorable councnl to take the premises into consideration, and adopt such measures and amendments as to your Excellency and honorable council shall seem meet. . S! And your memorialists will ever pray, &e.;" Mr. Roadknight, in rising to second the motion, .said that he entirely agreed wtth the remarks which fell from their respected chairman in favorof the bill. it would'notonly enable the inhabitants to fls their own rates, but would give them the power of spending their funds in whatever manner they thought fit. A great deal of misapprehension had atisen about the proper meaning of the bill, and an alarm was created as to the amount of the tax that might-be imposed; but he thought that they could not entrust these matters to a better body of meti than those who had a real stake in the country, and who would have to pay a very considerable shabe of the taxes themselves. It was clear that the directors could have no pecuniary interest distinct from the rest of the commrnity, as he perceived that a fine of fifty pounds would be imposed on those directors who refused to act, a clear proof that the situation would possess no peculiar advantages. He would therefore second the motion for the adoption of the memorial. Mr. T. Sheppard said that he wished to make a few observations on the subject before the question should be put to the meeting. He understood that the revenue of the colony amounted to some four hundred thousand pounds and be certainly thought that that was quite a sufficient sum for all purposes of the government, without the addition ofa new tax He considered that the present bill was similar to the English Rural Police Bill, and he would instance the case of Wiltshire, where a -strong opposition was made to the measure, but it was ultimately forced upon them by a clique in the town of. Devizes, after which they had to pay some ten thousand a year for a police office which was of no use to them. He would therefore oppose the motion, although he was not prepared to move any specific amendment. Mr. Mlorris 'said that he quite agreed with the sentiments contained in the tmemotial; but would wish that the clause praying for a remission of the present assessment on stock should be more strongly and explicitly expressed, and that it sbould be clearly understood that the settlers would altogether reject the bill unless accompanied with a remission of the present assessment. He would therefore propose that the following clause should be substi. tuted for the corresponding one in the memorial : "That your memurialists, with all due respect for your Excellency and honourable council, would not, at the same time, desire to be considered to approve of the proposed measure passing into law, without a remission of the present assessment on stock; inasmuch as the cuontinuance of such mode of taxation would not only be extremely severe upon the rural settlers, but repugnant to the principle of the bill itself." Mr. Roadknight said that he conceived the clause. in the memorial was precisely the same in meaning. and was even more strongly expressed ; the memorial designated the inmposirton of two assessments as 'ruinous and unjust,' and no one could suppose that they would approve of such a proceeding. lHe Would thereluore vote for the memorial as it stood. After a short discussion the Chairman put the question to the meeting, when there appeared a majority against the amendment. The supporters of the amendment called for a second division, when The Chairman remarked that he thought there was a great deal more weight attached to the ques. tion than it really merited ; there was merely a verbal difference between the clauses. The question was again put, with the same result. Mr. Murray, mn rising to move the third resolution, said,, that it would be exceedingly desirable to enable every settler throughout the district to sign the memorial; but as that course would be attended with a great loss of time, and as the measure was now under the consideration of the council, it was requisite that the memorial should be forwarded immediately; he would propose, "That the memorial now read be signed by the chairman on beh.lf of the meeting, in order that the sentiments of..the district may be laid before his Excellency and the legislative council without further delay." Mlr. G. . Lloyd briefly seconded the motion. Mr. G. F. Read, (although favorable to the bill and the memorial) said, (as a reus, to draw out the opposition), that hre thought the meeting should be adjourned to a future day; and would now move " I'hat this meeting do not view thie proposed bill with approbation." Air. Sheppdrd seconded the motion. The question was thren put, when there was only one hand hIeld'up in condemnation of the measure, ind aforest for Mr. Murray's motion. The Chairman said that he was glad that Mr. Read had so effectuall) called forth the sense of the meeting. Mr. U..T. Lloyd then proposed --" That the thanks of the meeting be given to the committee for thire prumlpt attention they have given to the vitally impostart queston before the meeting." M?r. . Alyles seconded'the motion., On tihe motion of Mlr Mlorris, seconded by Mr. Champion. the chair was taken by MIr. ltoadknight, and the thanks of the meeting were given to Dr Thomson for his able conduct.in the chair. ' The meeting then separated, hiighly gratified wills .hs proceedings., VOLTAIRE AT BERLIN,-" Now it so happened," proceeds Thiebault, " that Voltaire was supplied with sugar, coffee, tea, and chocolate of inferior quality ; and as he imagined that Frederick was not so ill-served as not to know this, nay, that it was perhaps done by his orders-he took the first opportunity that occurred of complaining. ' I am stonished at this abominable conduct,' replied the king. 'What a man like you, 'and for whom I entertain so much friendship to be treated thus ! Indeed, it is scandalous, but you thence see what men are—they are all cheats. I thank you, however, for telling me of this matter, and will take care that it shall not occur again.' But no alteration took place, and Voltaire complained more, bitterly than before. ' Indeed it is too bad,' exclaimed the king, 'to obey me so ill ! and after the orders that you know I gave! but what am I to do? I cannot possibly hang these people on account of a lump of sugar, or a handful of tea. I am only sorry that M. de Voltaire is drawn down by such bagatelles from the lofty sphere of his ideas. Let us not waste the time that we might devote to the muses and to friendship on such trifles. Come, my friend, you need not care about such petty articles that only cause you vexation : I will give orders to stop them.' This turn surprised Voltaire not a little 'Aha !' said he to himself; ' here, then, one must help one's self as one can. If that is the case the dupe is the only simpleton.' He now began to sell his monthly allowance of wax candles, and, in order not to be without light, to go several times every evening upon various protests to his room, taking with him each time one of the candles which were left burning in the king's antechamber, and to which he might have said : You are my coffee and my sugar. "''' JIRAHAM'S "D BATE H OF NTLSON," AND LADY HAMILTON.-Mr. Samuel Spring, for merly the box book-keeper of Drory.lase Tbeatre, was what is called a character, and had acquired an excessive faith in Mathews's infallibility in all things connected with his mental faculties; and Mathews, discovering this, was always saying or doing some thing (previously contrived) that ensured the in. creasing wonder and reliance upon the gifted powers of the comedian. After the burning down of the two great patent theatres, the Drury.lane Company acted at the Lyceum; and in 1810 an opera was performing there in which Braham sung a a very popular song, the " Death of Nelson." I athews, conversing with Lady Hamilton, was ques. tiosed by her as to the merits of the new opera, at the same time stating her intention of accompanying some friends of hers to the theatre that evening. Mathews considerately advised her ladyship to forego her inteotion, explaining that there was a sons in the piece, the subject of which would touch her feelings, and distress her very much. Whether Lady Hamilton forgot this prudent warning, or whether she suffered her desire to listen to the hero's praise to overcome her apprehension of the result, or from whatever cause, it so fell out that MIVathews perceived the lady duly seated in a private box, with her adopted Horatio at her side. It needed no ghost to tell Mathews the scene that would follow, and as soon, therefore, as he quitted the stage, seeing Spring, he thus addressed him, first taking out his watch, and looking at it with a solemn and earnest expres. sion of face-" Spring, I give you notice that at about 20 minutes past 9 o'clock, the usual period when the 'Death of Nelson' occurred, a large lady now sitting in the stagebox opposite will be rtken very ill. and will require assistance. Do not be out of the way. but at the time mentioned be ready with a glass of water and a smelling bottle, for she will be attacked with a violent fit at the period I have men tioned." Spring looked into Mathews's face w,th a faint smile upon his lips, which immediately subsided into a thoughtful expression of countenance. At length the critical period arrived. Braham began .his song, and before the second verse was finished, sobs and cries were heard all over the small theatre. Spring rushed into the green room pale as his shirt, and seizing the water hastened to the fatal box, ex claiming with an awestruck voice as he hastily passed Mathews behind the scenes-" Oh, sir, you ore a conjuror I The lady is in strong convulsions I" rasier's Mlogazine for December. Music FOR ALL CLASSs.--Tbe Edu cation Commissioners appear to have taken up the subject of music for all classes in good earnest. 'lhe thing to be apprehended was, that they would fall into the hands of some musical quack, and in their own ignorance become the easy dupes Sf some second Logier, or mere jobber. Fortunately for them, more fortunately for the subjects of their experiment, they have not only avoided this danger, outt have connected themselves with a musician whose knowledge of his art is placed beyond all question, and who possesses the zeal, as well as the ability, to accomplish the great work that lies before him. No man without a large share of enthusiasm would or could organise and set to work so mighty a machine-for mighty it is, if carried into full and complete operation, its beneficial and blessed effects will influence the character of the English nation.. Not all at once-not even soon. The boys and girls now about to acquire the power of singing from notes, must grow up; must become fathers and mothers; must assemble their own children aroulnd them; must find a sweet and never.failing recreation in family or social harmony, before the full operation of this impo tent engine will be seen and felt. We shall be in our graves ere the seed now sown shall have ripened into "the full corn in the ear." We rejoice to have seen the beginning, and we are proud to have been among the earliest English labourers in the field. Mr. Hullah, the gentleman to whom we have alluded, explained his views and his plans to an invited audience at Exeter Hall, on IMonday evening. Those who went under the expectation that some secret was to be revealed, or some ma gical process displayed by which boys and girls were speedily to start up accomplished singess, would have come away disappointed. There is a crooked road, and there is a straight road, to the acquisition of the art of singing-or, we should rather say, of learning to read from notes; but there is no arriving at it per saltum. It must be traversed patiently and with perseverance; these is no royal road for princes, nor short cut for peasants. Mr. Hullah is fully aware of this, and, very properly, denounced all schemes for giving a mere shallow and superficial knowledge of singing. 'These are, in fact, so much waste of time. Unless the power is acquired of reading notes as you read works, the object is not attanjed.. Impart this, and all the-finest music in thle world is placed within the pupil's reach. He is tten prepared to form acquaintance with the great masters of all ages and all countries. Once give the English people the power of using their voices, and the churct. music of this country is safe. Acts of p.rliament may despoil our cathedrals and break up their choirs, bishops may chuckle over their ungodly spoliation, but the works of Purcell and Crolt will be in the safe keeping of the nation. Their exist. ence will no more depend upon cathedrals and their choirs, than that of Shakepeare upon Drury Lane or Covent Garden. The first thing to be done is to create a body of teachers-nut a separate order of persons who teach singing and nothing else, but (as in Prussia) to give every master of a school the knowledge necessary to enable him to teach singing as well as reading, writing, and ciphering. This is Mr. Hullah's vocation-a blessing be upon it. Spectator. FLOWERS IN GREEBC.-f-acoltus was held by the Grecians as the god of flowers as well as of trees and the vine; Ire dwelt sometinmes in Phyllis, the land of flowers; sometimes on the rose. decked Pangeon ; occasionally in the rose gardens of Macedonia anod Thrace; and was called, therefore, Anthios, the flowery. Before he had flowers, ivy circled his head. Venus crowned him when lie returned from India. He look the chaplet that Ariadne in Naxos had woven from the l hesilion, and, walking beneath the sky at night, threw it up to the stars, where it yet shines forth. The gods first made use of flowers in the form of a coronet, and Zeis himself was crowned by the oliher deisies afrer the war with the Titans. At first, therefore, flowers and chasplets were the exclusive decorations of the sacred statues, priests, sacrificers, and sacri. ficed; they even served as an offering. In later times heroes and meritorious persons were crowned, independently of the service of the altar: the victors in Iheir names received coronets of flowers, and these sweet decorations soon formed a part of thie joviaj and intellectnal foaits of antiquity. Lovers hung their chaplets at the doors of thire chosen ones; crowned with flowers tire plighted pair stood before the altar; crowns of flowers decorated the portals of the newly married couple; crowned with flowers the soldier advanced to battle; crowned with flowers the conquerors returned. lMost of these customs remain to Europeans in the present day r our churches are adorned with flowers and coronals; flowers are the first offerings of love; flowers give life to the weddinig, the birthdlay, and the: feast; flowers are the last gifts that are strewed upon our grsves.-Dr. Fielder's Journey through Greece; RATH ER O o,--There is a cironm stance stated in Mr. Penny's enumeration of the census of Perth, which from the " singular oddity of the thing," we beg to preasent to the notice of our readers, via.,. that there are Single men, owupynga their own houss, 5I1. Single womeo, oooupytug their own houses, Il. As So lure a clas were never sMeun 1o justly formed to meet by nature, we would certainly advise lthese solitaires to "pair off" with all convenient speed l WOMEN.-A man cannot possess any. thing that is better than a good woman, nor anything thst is worse than a bad ones?.-Simosides. 