OUiaXNAX COSHLSSVOnTDSXrCIB, [ADVERTISEMENT.] DR. LANG'S SECESSION FROM THE SYNOD OF AUSTRALIA. To the Editors of the Sydney Herald. GENTLEMEN, - An anonymous letter was published last week in your paper, in which I was accused of inconsistency in taking the position with respect to Cr. Lang and his proceedings which I now occupy. Your correspondent ought to be aware that in such a case an honest man may at one time from the evidence before him conceive the most favourable opinion, and afterwards be led by an increase of evidence to form an opinion as strongly and altogether condemnatory. Such a change took place in the opinion which the Apostle Peter formed of Simon Magus. Shortly after he had received him as a Christian, and admitted him to baptism, his views of his character underwent such a change, and that altogether from a few words which Simon Magus had spoken in the interval-and a great deal of a similar tendency has been spoken and written of late by certain parties that he said unto him, thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter; for thy heart is not light in the sight of God I perceive thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in the bond of iniquity." (Acts vin., 21, 23.) ' I Your correspondent seems to be of the entire school and spirit with" those of old i who said, " Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priest's offices, that I may eat a piece of bread." His thoughts and anxieties attach themselves wholly to the bread that the priest cats, while he discovers no concern for the " bread of life to be dispensed to the people. One would suppose from the spirit, the declarations, and the practices of such men, that the commission of the Christian Minister is no longer "feed my sheep, feels my lambs," but feed thyself. Of all public characters, those who introduce such a per- version into the intention and operations of the Christian Ministry are, perhaps, the most contemptible and degraded. As to the rest of his letter, I will only remark, that for anything I know the the idea is entirely his own, that the bare refusal to eat the Queen's bread, on the part of Dr. Lang, is a punishable offence. But it is with the principles recently maintained or avowed by Dr. Lang, and with his recent violations of some of these and of other principles, that I have at present to do. In my last letter I directed attention to his grand principle, that, if the State supports an un scriptural creed, the support which it offers to the true religion is not to be received, and, simply by reducing it to a general formula, a test which a false principle will seldom hear, proved not only its unsoundness, but it's absurdity. I would- now offer the following illustration of its character and that the op politeness of that illustration may he perceived, let it be borne in mind that the general form of the principle in question is this, that if anything contrary to incumbent duty is done in one instance, we are not to concur in the performance of it in any instance by the same party, as, for example, because Government does' what is contrary to its duty, in support- ing Popery, we are not to concur in its doing what is its duty, by supporting the true religion. Let us suppose then, and the supposi- tion is not extravagant, that a member of Dr. gang's congregation h very Irregular iii fois attendance on the public services of the Sabbath and, when he ought to be in Church, may often be met on the Parramatta or South Head Road, and, what is still worse, may sometimes be found, particularly * * * a high day, and if attractive music has been announced, in the Roman Catholic Chapel. The individual who acts thus, does obviously, and to a grievous extent, what is contrary to his duty, for this surely' is the light in which we must view his absenting himself unnecessarily from the House owes, his spending a jwftoft of the Sabbath AS if it were a day of pleasure and his occasional attendance in a Popish place of worship he does then what is contrary to his duty and therefore, according to this principle, those in authority in Dr. Lang's congregation, and himself as one of them, ought not to concur in his doing his duty on those occasions on which he attends in the Scots Church; they ought not to let him a pew or permit his attendance for otherwise, while he gives to Popery and Sabbath desecration with the one hand, in violation of his duty, they receive what, in performance of his duty, he gives to them with the other-the very thing which Dr. Lang professes to abominate, and which his boasted principle condemns. But it is the application of this principle to the operations of the State towards religion for which Dr. Lang particularly con-, tends; it may, therefore be well to consider it a little further in this point of view. In the book of Ezra we read (vi. 3, 4) that "in the first year of Cyrus the King, the same Cyrus the King made a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem, Let the house be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid and let the expenses be given out of the King's house." Following up the intention of Cyrus, Darius Hydaspes made a decree in which the following clause occurs it is addressed to Tanami, and other Governors beyond the river" "More- over I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God that of the King's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river? forth with expenses he given unto these men, that they be not hindered. And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lamb, for the burnt offering, of the God of Heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail." (vi. 8, !).) Afterwards Artaxerxes, the Anasuerus of the book of Ks| her, in a letter to Ezra, the priest and scribe, instructs him to carry to Jeru system " the silver and the good, which the King and his Counsellors had freely offered unto the God of Israel," (vii. is), and authorises him " to bestow out of the King's treasure-house whatsoever more should be needful for the house of his God, or he should have occasion to bestow." (20.) And in the same letter corresponding instructions are given to the King's treasurers : " 1, even I Artaxerxes the King, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of Heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily, unto an hundred talents of silver, &c.;" (21. 22). Now these were heathen princes, and supported an idolatrous religion, and yet the support which, as we have now seen, they gave to the true religion, was thankfully received and let the reader observe, that it was "the Lord who stirred up the spirit of Cyrus" (E. 1.) to give such support, and that among those who received it, were the prophets Haggai and Zechariah (v. 1) and the pious and inspired Ezra. These men of God regarded it as an instance of the Divine goodness, that, though the Persian sovereigns supported a false religion with the one hand, they gave support with the other to the true religion. The following are the terms in which Ezra adverts to the letter granted him by Artaxerxes: "Blessed be the Lord God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as this in the king's heart, to beautify the house of the Lord which is in Jerusalem, (vii. 27). If Dr. Lang had been in those days, he would have viewed the matter in a very different light and refusing to have any communion with Ezra and the two prophets while they received such strong support, would, no doubt, have either joined the Samaritan party by whom they were opposed (iv. i, l), or, more probably, have formed a party of his own, and then sought an alliance with those older dissentients. But in whatever way Dr. Lang might have acted if he had lived in those days, it is plain that the holy men of God by whom the Temple was rebuilt, guided as they were by the Holy Ghost, did not hold the principle on, which he now gets, but held the very opposite principle that we ought to receive thankfully the support given to the true religion even by those who at the same time support a false religions So much for the validity of this boasted principle. But unsound as it is, if Dr. Lang regards it valid, why does he not carry it out? Why has he declared his intention to receive, in direct violation of it, Government salary for the quarter that has just terminated and equally in violation of it, to hold in opposition to all efforts that may be made to dispossess him, n Church that has been partly built with Government money. The following is another example of Dr. Lang's manner of carrying out principle, He professes to hold the establishment principle, and yet, has repeatedly expressed his earnest desire that the Government would withdraw its support from every form of a religion that is, he holds that the Government ought to support the true religion," and I yet is earnestly desirous that it would not of support if ! _ r 15 a future letter I may enquire into some j of the causes which have impeded the progress and even damaged the character of; Prcbbyteiiunismin this Colony. I am, gentlemen, c" f' WILLIAM McINTYRE 