ThE APOSTOLIC SUCCESSION. (From the Record, April 11.) Once more we have to notice a "heavy blow and great discouragement," to the Tractarian party, in the sermon recently preached by Dr. Hawkins, the Provost of Oriel, on the consecration of the new Bishop of Chichester. A circumstance which necessarily gives more than ordinary weight to this publi- cation is, that the sermon is announced as " printed at the command of his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury." Now the Primate is well known to be constitutionally cautious. Hence, without implicating his Grace in an approval of every word therein contained, we have a right to assume that in the main argument and general tenour of this discourse, the preacher was honoured with the Arch- bishop's concurrence. What then is that general tenour ? It is what the British Critic and the other Tractarian journals have been decrying for these five years past as "Low Church- manship." The title of the sermon is, The Aposto- lical Succession. And while the preacher firmly and earnestly maintains Episcopacy, as "right, and sound, and scriptural," — all which " Low Churchmen" have been foremost in maintaining, — he thus deals with the other question of the Succession, in language which strikes as as beautifully clear and practically wise. The question, as he shows it to have been recently raised by the Tractarian party, is, "How far an unbroken succes- sion of Episcopally-ordained ministers is essential to the very being of a Church, or the efficacy of the Christian sacraments? With this topic he thus deals :— " True, the question whether the Apos- tolical Succession is essential, manifestly affects the state of others rather than our own ; yet I venture to call it a practical question, because it is intimately blended with our duty towards others — and to- wards how many millions of our brethren at home and abroad? — Doubtless, if we have good grounds for believing that foreign Churches, or our Dissenting brethren, are in eminent peril, we are bound to lift up our voices, and loudly and earnestly proclaim their danger. But if we rather suspect than know the danger, if we only repeat the opinions of others, and have no settled belief of our own upon the subject, then let us consider carefully whether it falls within our province to condemn our brethren, upon grounds which we have net ourselves ascertained. But this by the way ; for, awful and mys- terious as it will be, if indeed so many millions of men, so many National Churches, are without a ministry and without sacraments, still we are surrounded with awful mysteries ; and their condition, however perilous, will not disprove the truth of the most rigid doctrine of the Apostolical Succession. Nor again will the doctrine be disproved, by its being utterly powerless to produce its supposed effect. If no one can be secure that he receives the Eucharist, except at the hands of a priest Episcopally ordained, and the commission must have been transmitted without any defect in the chain from the Apostles themselves to this individual presbyter, who is there after all in any Church of Christ who can attain to this security ? It is no act of Christian faith to believe a point of ecclesiastical history which cannot be proved. How many are there in England who have heard the traditionary rumour of an objection to the succession of the Bishops in this Reformed Church, who know not, and cannot know, anything of its refutation. And if, many centuries hence, the tradition of the ob- jection should outlive the historical evi- dence by which it is disproved ? The very circumstance, indeed, that the security of Christians in the efficacy of the Christian sacraments must needs be continually diminished as time advances, is no incon- siderable presumption against the doctrine, that a strict Apostolical Succession is essential. "But with us a much stronger pre- sumption against it, although still only a presumption, ought to be the silence of the Church of England. Declaring in the clearest terms, what she judged right for herself, she carefully abstains from assert- ing that the Apostolical order which she preserved is essential to the being of a Church. That her services of Consecra- tion and Ordination are complete and not ungodly? — that all her ministers ordained accordingly are rightly ordered and conse- crated, — she maintains modestly, but without reserve. That none but those who are thus ordered, or who have formerly had Episcopal consecration or ordination, shall be accounted lawful ministers in the Church of England, she explicitly de- clares. She is distinct and precise as to the method to be pursued, both 'that these orders may be continued,' and that they 'may be reverently used and es- teemed in the Church of England.' And all this definite and unreserved declaration of what she accounted right for herself, renders the contrast so much the more marked when her statements concern- ing 'the Church,' and concerning 'ministering in the congregation,' and ' he unworthiness of ministers,' are so framed and cautiously guarded, that, ex- cluding indeed the ministry of self-ap- pointed teachers (which would be de- structive of all order, and overthrow the very nature of a Christian society), they apply to any Church, and the ministry of any Church, — nay, might even apply to congregations of Separatists, who had conscientious grounds for their separation. And this we are wont to ascribe, perhaps, to the great charity and moderation of the Church of England. Yet would it really deserve these excellent names had the great and good men to whom we owe her Articles and her polity, been indeed con- vinced that her orders were essential to Christianity, and Episcopacy necessary to the very efficacy of the blessed sacraments ? Rather let us say, that they did not declare this doctrine, because they did not believe it to be true ; or, at the least, that they could not declare this doctrine, because they had no scriptural warrant for assert- ing its truth. 'Christ's Gospel is not a ceremonial law ;' that was a position clearly before the minds of our Reformers. But even had the Gospel been a law of cere- monies or so far as it has any ritual or ceremouial, or any other positive in- stitution, still before we may assert that any positive institution is essential, we must have some clear warrant of revelation for our assertion. This appears to be the true reason why the necessity of any Apos- tolical Succession cannot be maintained. If it be admitted that the whole doctrine of the succession relates not to an eternal truth, but to a positive institution, in its own nature alterable, nothing less than the clearly declared will of its Founder can make it unalterable and essential. But we look hi vain to holy writ for any clear warrant for this doctrine. 'As my Father hath sent me, even so I send you.' 'Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.' Were the doctrine warranted by the inspired Scriptures, would divines rely upon texts like these to prove it ? As if, because our Lord un- doubtedly sent forth his Apostles as the Father had sent him, therefore he gave them a commission altogether like his own, and a similar transmission, and no other, of the same authority must be continued for ever; or as if, be- cause it is justly argued that the abiding presence of Christ is not promised only to his Apostles, but to the Church through them, therefore it is promised only through those who should succeed in one, and one only way to a portion of the apostolic office. Until some authority from holy writ, shall be produced, far more ex- press and clear, not merely to prove the use or the need of a Christian ministry (which is not the present question), but declaring that an Episcopal Succession is essential to the efficacy of the blessed sacraments, it is not for us, I apprehend, to be more peiemptory in our assertions than the Scriptures themselves, nor must we call that essential or unalterable which has not been declared to be so by our Lord or his Apostles." And again, — " We lament, accordingly, that any di- versity of judgment, or any necessity, real or supposed, should have occurred to mar the symmetry of Christian Churches, and interrupt their unity. What was good and right under the Apostles, nay, as all must admit, was best for the then condi- tion of the Church, must be good and right still, unless altered circumstances demand a change. Therefore, theirs is no light responsibility who introduce a change. The burden of proof that such a change was lequisite must rest with them. But this is widely different from denying the validity of their orders, or doubting the efficacy of their sacraments. Nay, as to the efficacy of the Christian sacraments, although no reasonable person questions the propriety, I had almost said the ne- nessity, of restricting their administration to persons duly appointed ; yet we have no warrant to ascribe their efficacy in any way to the office of the administrator. The Church of England has, indeed, been sometimes supposed to hold a different language. But whilst she has said, and reasonably said, that 'we may use the ministry' even of unworthy ministers, 'both in hearing the word of God, and in receiving the sacraments,' because they minister 'not in their own name, but in Christ's,' and 'by his commission and authority;' nevertheless, she has not as- cribed 'the effect of Christ's ordinance' to their commission, but has stated ex- pressly that the sacraments are 'effectual because of Christ's institution and pro- mise,' though ministered by evil men. " The Church of England, in a word, has not ruled a point of faith beyond the Scriptures; and the Scriptures maintain upon the subject an expressive and in- structive silence." One other passage towards the close is so beautiful that we must forget our nar- row limits, and place it before our readers :— " Therefore also we look with stedfast faith to the blessing of Almighty God upon the ministers of the Church, and upon all their peculiar ministrations, — the word or the sacraments which they dis- pense, the absolution which they pro- nounce, the rule which they bear. Never, indeed, let us confound the means with the end, the form with the substance, the part with the whole ; never put the Church for Christ, or the clergy for the Church, or the constitution of the Church for Christian holiness and truth. Thankful children of the Reformation, we can never forget that the most firmly compacted outward order may not preserve internal truth ; nay, and it will ever fail, unless apostolical order be carefully combined with every other spiritual privilege, and the Scrip- tures are devoutly used and valued above their uninspired interpreters, and the sacraments honoured above their admi- nistrators, and Christ above all. But this being so, the Church is doubtless entitled to expect and to pronounce the blessing of Christ upon ministers ; and she addresses the elect pastor accordingly, as on this day, in the language of St. Paul, nay, she presumes to adopt the very words of her Saviour to his Apostles, nothing doubting that he will now and ever of his infinite mercy, pour down his grace upon his ministers, to strengthen them for the due discharge of the most responsible offices which a human being can sustain. "Most mysterious it is, indeed, that beings such as we are should be permitted to do any thing towards the salvation of the souls of others, when nothing less than the sacrifice of the only begotten Son of God could save our own. Yet awful as it is, every man does and must continually affect, for good or for ill, the eternal inte- rests of other men. And Christ himself calls upon some to 'watch for souls,' and in so doing to 'save both themselves and those that hear them.' Deeply must they feel their absolute need of strength from above for such a work as this. And who so deeply as those whom their Lord has called to the highest offices in the Church, who rule over vast and thickly-peopled dioceses, but whose cares extend to other Churches, and the expansion and enlarge- ment of our own ; whose spiritual labours are not pursued uninterrupted and unim- peded, but amidst gainsayers and adver- saries ; amidst the manifold distractions of an overbusy age ; amidst the claims of society, the claims, it may be the tempta- tions, of literature and science, the fever of politics, the conflicts of party, the multiplied divisions of the Church, the vain contentions of an importunate and restless theology. Called to the councils of the nation, how frequently have they deplored their inability to secure the aid of Chris- tian statesmen in the cause of Christianity. Living centres of Christian unity, yet pre- siding over Churches distracted with every form of disunion ; nay, sometimes, even amongst their own ecclesiastics, scarcely able so to moderate controversy, as not to hasten schism. The springs and guides of discipline and of edification, yet com- pelled too frequently to mourn over the utter inadequacy of the means of spiritual instruction to the spiritual wants of their people, and year after year to lament the decay of discipline, — nay, almost to restrict its very name to the regulation of their clergy, instead of the government and edification of their Churches, the whole flock of Christ committed to their charge. No considerate and conscientious Chris- tian, I suppose, has ever filled the highest stations in the Church of England without many a painful feeling of dissatisfaction. And then how short the time ! A few years — it may be a few short months ; the manifold duties of a chief pastor of the flock but just commenced, and the ex- pressions ot friendly anticipation almost interrupted by the sounds of mourning. "But amidst whatever difficulties or discouragements, this is the cheerful lauguage of the Apostle, and it is the blessing and privilege of the Church of England, that she may adopt, it with un- wavering faith," — 'Stir up the gift of God which is in thee;' and that gift no mys- tical transmitted virtue, but that unspeak- able gift which, though it transcends all thought, is yet the common inheritance of every faithful Christian, even the grace of 'the Holy Ghost, which dwelleth in us,' given to all according to their duties and their use of it ; given to the Christian minister especially for his especial duties, and equal to all his needs, if rightly sought and used ; 'for God hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.' " We are thankful for this sermon, — most useful, we trust, at this crisis ; although, of course, our readers will not understand us to express our concurrence in every single word or sentiment contained in it. And especially are we glad to perceive so wise and distinct a severance of the ex- pedient from the essential given to the Church "by command of his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury." 