THE SYDNEY GAZETTE SATURDAY. MARCH 12, IIII2. 'Hill until it nmmBBUammmwmsxaMammmmmnmmramamrmmmM There is something exceedingly amusing in the idea of Daniel O'Connell having been elected Lord Mayor of Dublin. If the great Agitator had taken his seat on the woolsack, as Lord High Chancellor, in virtue of his eminent talents, and great legal knowledge, no one would have felt astonished however much some persons might deprecate the policy which sought shelter from his political venom, by depriving him so pleasantly of his fangs; but that he should be installed Chief Conservator oftheppacG in a city which he has so repeatedly -convulsed, is a phenomenon] reserved exclusively for these latter times. -Juvenal, in a happy humour, is pleased to observe, Quis talent Gracchos de seditions qitoronlos," which being interpreted, for the benefit of such of our readers as have forgotten their classical acquirements, means, that no one could endure a complaint against sedition, from men notorious for its practise. Let us imagine then, a conspirator against the public peace being dragged be for his Worship the Lord Mayor of Dublin, shortly after the 1st of July, for vociferating rather loudly his objection to certain loyal strains about " Old Bridge Town'' having subsequently given unquestionable proofs of his sincerity, by fracturing the skulls of any given number of constables presented to his notice; Kt us imagine we say, this culprit dragged before the " great Dan, and vindica- ting himself, by a reference to various oral and written evidences of a striking coincidence of opinion on his part, with those entertained by the present magistrate. Surely it would be impossible for any one to commit a man to prison, for having merely disturbed the centre; of gravity with reference to a statute no less qu\nsive to the judge than the accused, and which the former had so often denounced as a heartbreaking monument of national degrada- tion. We are somewhat fond of narrative, with a view to explanation. A story is told of an officer of a distinguished regiment, who was iv in" wounded near his servant, at the battle of Waterloo. Being desirous of slaking his dying thirst, he appealed to the sympathies of his domestic, whose nationality may be traced from his response. " Are you dead, Paddy?" said the officer. " No, but I am speechless," was the reply. We suspect that the Radical Lord Mayor of Dublin, will be constrained to make a similar: response to all who attempt to embark his sympathies in the demolition of those institutions, which " by the virtue of his oath, he is now bound to protect. There is nothing calculated more to weaken the legitimate influence of the press, to bring discredit upon the profession of a public journal' cabstand to create disgust in the minds of the respectable portion of society, than course, in gentlemanlike personal attacks. When Editors of papers, whatever the provocation they receive, degrade themselves by the use of vile and disparaging terms to each other, and expose the grievances of each others [domestic habits, from that moment they forfeit the respect and esteem of all men who value their own quiet and that of their families, and by Ui.qucsiion able right lose case, it is not the province of public writers to engraft on their profession that of the scavenger, or common scold. They should occupy higher ground, and although they may be justly ex .. cused in offering strong language, when neces- city or a sense of public duty compels, they ought never to forget that they are gentlemen, and that they owe their constituents a line of conduct (to be invariably pursued) savouring neither of unbridled licentiousness nor offensive personalities. We have been led into these brief prefatory remarks from perusing the comments of our contemporary of the Free Press, (a gentleman wherein respect for his high acquirements as a public writer, and for his urbane and gentle manly deportment in private life in reply to a vary just, temperate, and sensible article which appeared in the Australian of Tuesday, and which we have thought advisable to transfer to our columns :? During the last week, there has been such an incessant beating of drums and fl inrush of trumpets in the Radical camp, that we positively began to think that some portentous event was at hand and, accordingly, in the gratification of a pardonable curiosity, we enquired into the cause of all this clamour; and what do you suppose, gentle readers, is the grand project which is to "" flight the isle from its pro purely little panacea for recent mortifications, the comprehensive movement which is to " give every body every tiling?" Why; is nothing less than to get up another Meeting ! at which lhe'la«-ragand belittling Sydney minute enjoy an unopposed Saturnalia, and., decision, to their heart's content, upon the doctrine so elaborately put forth your Free Press contemporary, of the " inalienable rights of men." Certainly, no lack of zeal and exhortation have been spare 1 in order to dangle this political baby into vigorous existence; but, alas I the poor infant has, ever since its birth, continued, in spite of the doctors, in a very languishing state 5 and even while we write, we haver ceived the afflicting intelligence of its having given up the ghost. but who does the public suppose were the originators of this portentous scheme? Who but Mr. Macdermott, the Editors of the Chro side an I the Free Press and (rhum ten-catty amici!,) one Sloman, a spurning cobbler, who rejoices in the double sobriquet of', The King of the Cobblers," and The Prince of Morocco." How thankful ought the colonists of New South Wales to be that they are delivered from the harmful results of this ominous conclave 1 Sir Walter Scott tells us that in be sixteenth century, it was a popular saying that" if the Douglas and the Hepburn plot together, the eggs when it was hatched, would scare Scotland." So likewise if this political egg had once whipped the shell, dire and portentous would have been the shock to Australia. But the mortified ambition which has created the " tempest in a slop basin,'' this Lichfield House compact in a small way, must be sent up till another opportunity offers. Popular opinion and the good sense of our colonial world have put an extinguisher upon the flame, even when it began to glimmer. No doubt a great deal more thunder and bluster, may be expected from the discomfited Radical journals. In the mejtitinio.it is satisfactory to know that the Petition Committee is on the point of zealously commencing all- important labours, the result of which will, we doubt not procure for our Colony the Representative Institutions which we so entirely and unanimously require at the hands of the British Legislature. Is there any thing in the above remarks of our contemporary to call forth the unfeeling allusions of the Free Press ? Ts, wo' ask, the soubriquet of " King of the Cobblers," applied to Slotnan, a man notorious for his absurd crotchets, and who has been pushed into a notoriety which his insignificance and want of common sense are far from warrant ing to justify personalities which make us blush for the profession to which we belong. "King of- the Cobblers" is a term not invented by the Editor of the Australian. It has been applied by this man to himself, in one of those ridiculous advertisements in which he was wont to announce his locum stands, iFl we may be pardoned the expression. Hut to the peroration of the article of the Free Press on this subject.?"In.reply to this, we have only to say that our contemporary Live; and can only assure him, that he is much mistaken if he imagines that we should be ashamed of concerting measures with industrious tradesmen, or reputable mechanics, in any political juncture like the present, and as for " the spouting cobbler" whom he attempts to ridicule by the use of vulgar nick- names. all we know about him is, that he is a very zealous and consistent advocate of teetotalism, and is, therefore, in that respect at least, an example worthy (he units Hon of some of our contemporaries, who are not, by any means, remarkable for their sobriety No, no; no deeper Sloman may be, he at least was not the man, whose swinish propensities degraded him so far as to wallow in the mire of softish in/temperance, at a certain public dinner in the Royal Hotel" While on this subject we may be allowed to allude to the threatened Public Meeting which our sanguine brethren of the Republican press so triumphantly paraded forth in their columns, and which was to carry public opinion by storm, demolish the Tories, annihilate the moderates, establish universal suffrage, and vote by ballot, and in fine " frighten the isle from its propriety." All these direful events, which we, in our innocence, thought were to bring upon the unhappy land of our adoption, niorcj2vils than by the far- famed box of Pan dora were entailed on the human race, have ended, to use a far from classical expression, in a bottle of smoke." The superhuman efforts which we were led to expect from the blustering of the Jacobins, have, we have every reason to believe, resulted in a miserable and contemptible failure, the voice which they have sent forth with such a flourish of trumpets, has, as we predicted, been " vox et practices in his; We have again and again asserted, that the factious spirit, manifested by the Democrats in consequence of the recent brilliant achievement of freedom over anarchy, could alone end in their own total discomfiture. The Democrats in point of influence, wealth, and respectability as well as regards numberer, are insignificant, and when their grand public demonstration takes place it shall afford us some amusement to analyse the materiel of which they are composed. Suffice it for the present to observe, that although we are decidedly opposed to that line of policy which verges upon anarchy. Republicanism, and a scornful disregard of what is due to the upper and middling classes of society, yet we shall not be found absent from our post when the battle of the franchise is to be fought, and the people's rights are to be defended. We shall then, as in days byegone hasten to the breach, and war with heart and hand in the cause of legitimate froetfcm_that freedom which has no connection with disloyalty or licentiousness, but which insures Iiis-rio-his to the rich and poor alike. In the meantime let us impress upon the Committee, who have been, by the unanimous voice of the people, elected to carry out the views embodied in the petition for our unalienable and equitable privileges not to slumber in the performance of their duties. Sufficient time has already been allowed them to mature their initiatory proceedings. Why then is nothing known upon the subject The public look for information, and we promise them, it shall not be any fault M ours that they have it now We beg in con,' clusion., to hint to the Committee, that success in ill's affair depends more upon despatch than they probably are aware of. Let then promptitude and decision be the order of the day, and that for which every loyal heart amongst us so much desires, shall ere many months pass over, be conceded to us. The unnecessary delay, which frequently takes place, in the payment of bonuses for Emigrants brought to the Colony, is the subject of general complaint, among the Merchants of Sydney, and to the ship-owners is a very serious loss, by the detention which it causes to his ship. We presume His Excellency is in ignorance of this fact, as we feel assured, that were hardly impressed with the necessity of dispatch, of a voyage of this nature can be made a profitable one, he would show a greater consideration for the interests of those individuals who are adding to the strength and importance of the Colony, by supplying us with what is so much in demand, cheap labour. Probably four-fifths of the vessels, which enter Port Jackson with Emigrants, proceed (to India, or South America, for a homeward bound cargo the exports of this country being insufficient to fill them all. Every day they are detained, is a loss of from ;£l0 to £1,5, ac cording to the size of the vessel, and when we consider that many ships lay here" for six and seven weeks', merely waiting for a settlement, we may form some idea of the extent to which the pockets of their owners is effected. We are aware at this present moment of an instance in point. A large ship (800 tons) has been for several days lying really to proceed to sea, on a few hours notice, and is only detained until an adjustment is made with Government. The expenses of this ship are not less than £15 per diem her passengers were brought out in excellent order? have been all examined and passed by the Emigration Agent, and the only excuse made for this ruinous expense, is the absence of His Excellency from Sydney. This is really too bad. We would not unnecessarily be censorious in our remarks, but there is, to say the least of it, a want of consideration in this, which would not have been expected from Sir George Gipps. Apart from those abstract principles of justice, with which we are satisfied Sir George wishes to square his administration of the colony, there is a lack of that forethought and prudence, which might be expected from a person of his judgment. Although emigra- tion, as a government measure, has been stopped for a few months, on account of the deranged state of monetary affairs, still we may expect its resumption after a short period, and if such delay occurs in receiving eelllleinenlF, merchants will assuredly be averse to employing their ships in this trade. At the best, is but barely remunerate them, and if they are detained for one or two months, they would be better to proceed direct to India in ballast, as the time required, to make a detour by New South Wales, and the too probable delay which occurs there, will more than eat up the profit. We are aware that the culpable neglect, or gross misconduct, of the Master or Surgeon, sometimes makes it necessary, for the proper administration of justice, to institute a strict inquiry to the causes of complaint; this, is never, is an exception to the general. rule, and in most cases, two weeks would be ample time for passing the emigrants and making a settlement. At a very moderate calculation the expenses of an 800 ton ship will be £400 per month, and in a trade like this, the clear profit of the voyage may not amount to that sum. The protecting and nourishing of commerce, in a British Colony, is always a matter of the first importance to Government, and we see no reason why New South Wales should be an exception to the rule We cannot believe that the paltry consideration of a few weeks interest saved on the money can be the cause of this delay; such would be b. neath the dignify of any Governor, and would be more in keeping with the character of the old clothes of Monmouth-street than that of an English gentleman. We cannot ascribe the delay to such paltry motives, we are afraid therefore, that it proceeds from a want of due consideration, of the disastrous consequences to the merchant, to which alone, this iudiffd renee or negligence, must be ascribed, It is a common, but most fallacious opinion among gentlemen ignorant of mercantile affairs, to suppose, that enormous profits are to be obtained in every branch of commerce; it is only by the most rigid economy in money, and more particularly in time, that they can be made to pay at all. In nothing is the observation that a' time is money more applicable than to shipping, and it is a matter much to be desired, were this truism impressed upon His Excellency Sir George Gipps, who in respect to Emigrant ships, controls both money and time. Fail the Government town allotments, put up for sale on Thursday, at the minimum price of £15 per foot there was not one bid. We announce this circumstance with much pleasure, it is a further proof, that the delusive ideas, as to the value of property, in Sydney, are about being dispelled and that there is an end to the almost insane rage for speculation, which has been the ruin of many of our most respectable inhabitants. There is no question, that much of the distress, which of late, has paralyzed the energies of the country, has been effected by the creation of the system, which has raised property to its present value this insatiable monster, the production of crime and chicanery, has swallowed up thousands on thousands, which had they been invested in a judicious manner would have supported many, who are now in abject poverty, curse system, with which they were infatuated, and by which they were ruined. They now see themselves the victims of cunning speculators, who before the evil times approached, saved themselves, and are revelling in wealth where all is trouble and distress around, or else have found their way to the shores of Europe, carrying out of the Colony the produce of their cunningly devised speculations. The enormous rate of house-rent, is one of the peculiar characteristics of Sydney, this may in some measure be accounted for by the high rate of wages, but the grand cause is the preposterous value put upon building allotments, greater by many degrees than in the old cities as England. We would naturally suppose, that in a young country like this, where capital is scarce, government would discountenance and check anything like this mania for speculation, and by selling the crown property at moderate prices, would regulate to a great extent, the price of building allotments. By doing this they would add much to the welfare of the whole Colony. The large sums which me lying idle in our banks, or invested injudiciously in land purchases, would be made available, for purposes of improvement, commercial and agricultural. Capitalists would have inducements to build up the town and cheap rents and comfortable dwellings would add to the , comfort and health of the inhabitants. lins , mir government, however, placed the property which they control, as a check upon the fiery- ' our of peculiar in No. They have raised ; the temperature even above fever heat, and were there not some few heavy dark clouds still upon the horizon of our prosperity, we might expect to see another general rise in the thermometer of mad speculation We Sincerely trust, that people are disabused, of the absurd ideas they had formed, as to the value of town property. We trust that those who arrive among us with money in their possession, will avoid it. Let them not buoy them selves up with any chimerical scheme of realizing a large fortune in a few years, by invest- ing their money in this way ; if they do so, they will assuredly be miserable mistaken. At the present prices town allotments may never remunerate for the original cost, and the many years for which the capital is invested, and will be making no return. Parties coming among us investing in this manner, will acquire idle habits, which they may never be able to shake off, and after living for a few years, upon money borrowed upon their property at an enormous rate of interest, the bubble will burst, and they will find themselves ruined. W a say again to those who are yet strangers in the land, beware of speculation. There are many legitimate sources of industry, into which you can turn your talents and your capital, which offer fair prospects of a reasonable return, without dabbling in a system, which has blasted the fair prospects of many of our most estimable citizens!. 