THE EARL OF ROSSE'S TELESCOPE. • To the Editor of the Times. SIR Tiie casting of the speculum of this LeviatfiaYi telescope having been.safely effected, 1 have llie pleasuie of forwarding 5011, for insertion in the Times, should you think it worthy of that honour, a brief description of the modus operandi adopted by tlienoble earl, in ihe con6dence that'by very many of your intellectual readers it will be gratefully received both at home and abroad. As, however, diagrams are not well suited lo newspaper columns, I must endeavour to provide a substitute. Make, then, one extremity of a line 4j inches long bisect a perpendicular to itself of 2} inches long, and the other extremity of it bisect another perpendicular extend the lirst-tiamed line inches. Call the first the crane line; the second, the chimney line; and the third, the mould line. Oti the crane line, at the distance from the chimney line of 12-10 inches, and 3 6-10 inches make dots. On the first of these dots place, centrally, asiiver fourpeoce; on the second, a silver penny ; on the third, a' sixpence ; 011 the ceutre of the chimney line a shilling; on each of its extreme'points, a silver fourpence; OIL the centre of the mould line, a crown; on each of its extreme points, a sixpence; and on the covered extremity of the crane line, a card of 2 inches square, so that it sides shall lie either parallel with or perpendicular to the crane line. Now, supposing these several coins and card to have tiie same thickness as the silver fourpences, the tout ensemble will indicate an horizontal section of the foundry; for the three fourpences will represent the crucibles in their lumaces, the shilling the chimney, the penny the erane, the crown the bottom of the mould, the sixpences the iron pouringbaskets, and the card the floor of tiie annealing oven. The crucibles were of cast iron, 24 inches interior diameter, and 30 inches deep, each weighing about half a ton, Tliey were kept in situ aho\e . the bars of the furnaces by cast iron supports and subjacent brickwork. The furnaces, about 5.J feet square, were brick ; (heir lull apertures were 4 feet diameter ; their height above the gratings, 8 feet; thi ir ashpits, 2 I'eet; and their several flues passed into the chimney, which was 5.J feet square at bottom, and in height was many yards. The iron pouring-baskets were supported on wooden frames, and were supplied with pivots; one pivot of each basket having had welded on it «t a convenient angle an iron lever about 3 feel long, by which the basket, with its contents, was turned on the pivot of the former without difficulty. The bottom of llie mould, 6 feet 8 inches in diameter, was formed on iron-hoops, packed as closely as possible side by side, their edges up, and turned in tiie lathe till the upper surface had imparted to it a convexity necessary to produce the wished for concavity in tlitt surfacc of ihe speculum when cast- A lulf-croivn placed centrally on the crown-piece will represent the wooden pattern for the mould ; it was full G feet diameter, and about 5J inches tliich. The bottom of the mould (ihe crown-piece) was now including ill a quadrangular wooden frame, and sattd being rammed between it and the wooden pattern, the latter was removed with the crane, and the mould thus made, being so perfectly horizontal, was ready to receive the melted mass. * The metals of which the speculum is composed are copper and tin, 126 parts of the former to 57i of the latter; had it been 58 of tin, the proportions would have been the atomic standard. The coppe? employed was fragments of copper shearing, and about 3 tons of it were used ; the tin was grain tin. The price of the former isabout £100 a ton, that of the latter I do not know. ,At two o'clock in llie morning of Wednesday, the 13lh instant, the furnaces were lighted, au:l in about ten hours the crucibles were in a state fil for receiving their respective charges The metal, which had been previously fused and broken up, was distributed equally ar,otigst the crucibles, so that any accidental difference in it was prbably des- Uoved By nine in the evening the furnaces were opened, and the flames of nearly homogene ous yellow light which issued from them i C h ( were splendid. The countenance of the bystanders looked like those of ghosts, whilst d tiie scarlet coats, of the officers present seem - ed a dirty yellow. » Tackle from the crane was now fastened to one of the crucibles at the extremity of the chimney line, and when raised above its furnace, the.revolution of the crane on its CL'ntre deposited it as quietly as possible in its .corresponding iron basket; it did the same for the second cruicible, and also for the third. By turning the iron baskets on their pivots, the contents of the crucibles were simultaneously poured into the mould, and some minutes elapsed before the undulatory motion of the fluid metal ccased. In about twentv minutes the quadrangular wooden frame and sand were removed; an iron ring connected with a bar passing through the ofoen at the back aperture was clamped round the red hot speculum, the tackle of a capstan was hooked to the .bar, and the speculum was hauled from the bottom of the mould over an iron railway into the annealing oven The oven, whose interior had been kept at a dull red heat for some days, was now charged with churcoal, the arches below with turf, and every opening of the oven built up and plastered over, and it is supposed tliattwo months will elapse before the speculum is cool enough to be removed with safety. Not an accident or anything untoward happened during the process; and in 40 minutes from the fuze of the first crucible being moved the speculum, was safely in the o"en. The metal is six feet diameter, it is 5A inches thick at the edges, and five inches at the centre; its weight is about three tons. By grinding and polishing its thickness will probably be reduced 1-lOtli or Jth of an inch—it will be formed iuto a telescope of 50 feet focal length, and will, there is every reason lo uope, be actually "in use the year. The speculum will have a reflecting surface of 4,071 square inches, whilst that of the telescope jaadebj the immortalHerscliel, under the auspices of King George III., bad but 1,811. J. SOOTH. Observatory, Kensington P.S, neWn^isno^any.^ Birr Castle, the residence in Ireland of the Earf Gf Rosse. and, with theexeeptionol the crucibles, which were made. by Messrs, Dewer,of Old-street, St. Luke's, all the apparatus employed on this interesting occasion (the steam-engine itself included) was made in woikshops adjoining the Castle, under the earl's immediate directions, by workmen trained and instructed by "himself. 