LnNfillEGATIONAL church, new town. , VAN DIfiMAN'S LAND. i (From the Hobart Town Courier, Oct. 21.) i ' On Thursday afternoon, at four o'clock, a large number of persons were assembled on -.the ground to witness the ceremony, of I laying the foundation- stone of the above j place of worship. I After a hynin had been sung, and a por- I lion of' Scripture read appropriate to the occasion, .'the Reiv. F. Miller offered up prayer for. the Divine blessing. The Rev. W. Jarrett then delivered an address, which we insert. The stone was then' laid in the customary .manner by the Rev. F, Miller. ADDRESS. it Is because we believe that "everything is | sanctified by the"word oF God and by prayer, ".that we assemble to -day to invbke the' blessing of God, I uponxoceasion-of laying the foundation-stone of an edifice to be dedicated to His worship, i Upon such an occasion, it cannot be deemed j unsuitable that we should ofler a word or two in espianatibn of -the religious views of those for i whose use the proposed edifice is intended. 1 The terms Congregational and Independent have ; been employed for the purpose of expressing, as I far as a. word can do so, the views we entertain upon the subject of CKurph government. We do riot agree, in opinion with th'ose who think that 'Diocesan Episcopacy is the 'scriptural form of -cliurch polity. We believe that every pastor of a Christian society or church is a bishop, in the sense in which the word is used in the. New Testament, and that he derives his authority to minister in word, anil doctrine, not from the mandate of an earthly sovereign, npr from the suffrages of his ministerial' .brethren, but frbm those who invite him to become their pastor. WeHlo not agree, on the other hand, with those who are of opinion thatgovernment by Presbyteries and Synods is the scriptural model of church rule. VVe believe that a Christian church is a society of truly religious persons united together by deliberate I and voluntary accord, and that it is the .right and privilege of every such church to administer its' own affairs by general vote, and that such churches are not amenable .tp.any extraneous j urisdiction whatever. The rules by which such a church should be gov'erned are, w.e. believe, to be drawn in every case directly froiri- the New Testament; arid ' the -only authority to -be regarded is, in our opinion, that of the Great Head of the Church, the tord Jesus Christ. While we hold in charitable .esteem tlipse who cohscieritibusly differ from us in opinion upon church polity, we think that" we derive our sentiments from the New Testament, and that . we have a ministry in ' every respect fcripturady valid. Believing, also, that Christ's in stitutes are intended to answer high and impor tant-ends, we do riot deriy that we attach great value to our distinctive views on church govern ment; not, irideed, because they are distinctive, but because they are true. ' The points upon which we agree with the great body of the faithful, will be found to be so many and so important, as to lay a substantial' basis for communion .with all. who .recognise the. divine character "and mediation of Jesus Christ. We en tertain, indeed, an hereditary jealousy of creeds and human formularies, believing that the ipsis- sima verba of scripture present us with the- best possible exposition of the mind of the spirit of God. At the same time, we do not hesitate to acknowledge that " the things' most surely believed among us' are, in every main point, in accordance . with the confessions of faith of the Churches of England -and Scotland ; of course excepting the articles; which relate to church government. The points of harmony, therefore, between us and the great body of Protestant Christians, are infinitely more than the points of difference ; and while we dare not, from the allegiance we owe to Christ, shun, upon every proper occasion, to. avow and defend what, we regard as religious truth,, it has been, it is, and it will be, I trust, our happiness, to merge our distinctive -principles whenever we can consistently do so, for the sake of combining with other Christians in any general movement for the' good of the Church Catholic and for the conver- sion of the world to Christ. We are willing to forget; when we can conscientiously do so, the points on which we differ, for the sake of com- munion upon the vital and essential doctrines of tne Christian system. For myself and for my brethren, I unfeignedly declare that our desire and aim are to maintain "the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace;"' ' Let none suppose that; because we do not sanc tion subscription to articles of faith, as expressed in the words of fallible men, that there is anything approaching to laxity in our religious views;, or that great discrepancy of opinion exists among us, while classified under one general' name. Some of our opponents have candidly, acknowledged" that there is more real unity of sentiment among the churches of our faith and order, than in some others in which an' ex animo consent is required to an authoritative confession of faith. Nor is it wonderful; as it appears to us, that an habitual refercnce to the inspired records; for direction, upon every point of sentiment and practice, should beget uniformity of opinion on every important religious truth. If great names are thought to ennoble any par- ' ncular religious / profession, we can point tb an 11- prions, roll of ancestors whose names will be held in remembrance as long as talent and genius, Jctifed by; piety, are revered , in the Christian church.- Such men as'Owen , and Howe, and Watts, and Milton, and Locke, arc calculated to add lustre to any system with which they identified tliern-'1 selves— if eminent names can do so. But we prefer that our opinions should lie tested by a more infallible standard. He who said, " call no mail master upon earth," and whom wc desire as disciples reverently to follow, has directed us to "search the scriptures." This inspired apostle has, in like manner, exhorted, us to " prove all: things," and to "hold fast that which is good.". This is ouf intention and aim ; .and we will yield to none in reverence for the Bible, or in an earnest' desire to be guided By its statements and governed by its laws. Reference to another subject can by no means be. regarded as impertinent .011 such an occasion as th;s. I refer to the subject of the support of re ligion, by grants , of money from the State. From the pages of ecclesiastical history, we think we read a lesson, expressed in no hard-to-bc-decipher- ed symbols, that the patronage of the State has never failed to prove detrimental to the spiritual interests of Christ's Church. When we look again at the evils which exist in churches enjoying such- patronage now— when we look, on the other nand, at the comparative purity and efficiency of 'those churches which are unencumbered by such support —and when; above all, we . remember the emphatic declaration, of Christ, " my kingdom is riot of. this world," Ave think we receive a charge to exercise, j the most scrupulous care to preserve His Church ; from the influence and control of worldly men, i directly or indirectly exercised. Rbgarding it as a duty to abstain from all appearance of evil," we 1 think it right to decline grants, of public money, although no conditions may be expressed which would appear to fetter us in the exercise of our religious principles. No considerations of tempo rary expediency appear to us sufficient to outweigh the possible— may I not say the probable — injury, to. be sustained from bringing . ourselves under obligations, or into any kind of connexion with the State. Believing, moreover, that Christ has given it in charge to His' people, to support His cause upon the earth, we deem it but right to urge them to the performance of a duty, in performing which salutary exercise may be given to their own religious principles. And while we are sensible that those who think and act differently upon this subject may appear to occupy a vantage ground at present,, we are by no means doubtful that the result will justify our views. It must be admitted that the. mode in which such assistance is rendered to reli- gious communities in this colony, is the least ob- jectionable that could possibly be devised : but, by such a mode, the same support is rendered to error as to' truth ; and thus pernicious doctrines receive a currency, to which they would by no means attain, were they left to the unassisted energies of their : advocates. Pure Christianity demands a fair field and no favour ; and we cannot doubt that, if left to itself, its progress will be immensely, greater than when swathed and bandaged in the habiliments i with which 'men would invest it. In order,' more- 1 over, that the inonstrous injustice of creating a monopoly in favour of any one religious party -'.may never be perpetrated in this colony, as in the mo'th'er- country, we think it right to protest against any inter- ference of the State for the spread' of religion , be the.- intention ever so worthy. Let the State Treasury-chest be opened' only to dispense for objects purely political; :and let it be left to the Great Head of the Church to care for His own kingdom, and to extend its boundaries 'by means accordant with its own spiritual nature. ' In order to afford convenience.for teaching the grand fundamental doctrines of the gospel, in connexion with such views of church polity as I have now expressed, this intended structure is to be raised.- We should 'not- seek, were it in our power, to erect an edifice which should dazzle the beholder by its architectural splendour; we think it lawful to gratify taste only so far as is con- , sis tent with economy, and with a righteous regard to the religious wants of the colony and of the world. We attach no sanctity to piles of earth and stone as such ; hut we pray that the buildihg to' be erected may be consecrated by the unction of the Holy Ghost,- shed upon those who may worship within its walls, and by the regeneration of many who, within its precincts, may listen to the life-giving doctrines of the gospel. It is, I protest,' in no spirit of worldly rivalry to wards any. other religious communion that we are about to:commence our work. We rejoice, and; will rejoice, in the legitimate success of all who promulgate the great truths of' the gospel. To the .members of every such communion we will extend, the right hand of fellowship; when permitted- to do so; and we will ;know no rivalry but that of which the apostle speaks, when he exhorts believers to " provoke one another to love and to good works." - I trust that l have advanced nothing. which can justlj' be: construed as offensive to any from, whom we differ.' It 'is not our wont to refer to the points of difference between -us and others. Tlie occasion seemed to justify and demand -it. ; ; I . trust ; that the reference has -been made in the spirit of Christian candour. If, however, any think differently, I beg ihem'to excuse the offence in the exercise of that charity " which hopeth all things, ;and iskind." I conclude with the prayer; that "grace j may. be with all who love our Lord Jesus Christ in | sincerity. " Pit's full," as the Earl of Chatham said after dinner. ' i Friendship is a silent gentleman that ; makes no parade : the true heart dances no horn pipes on the tongue. ' Woman among savages is- a- beast of bur then ; in the - East, a piece of furniture ; and in Europe, a spoilt child. . A very ugly man, who was a great hor ticulturist, being founii by a visiter perched up in aclierry tree, his friend exclaimed — " No wonder, Phillip, that you have the finest fruit in the world, tor, you are not only your own gardener, but your own -scarecrow too !" Women at Premium. — The . Congress of Texas have passed a law granting 2,982 acres of good land to every woman who will' marry, during the pre- sent year, a citizen of that republic, who was such at the time of the declaration of independence. 