ENGLISH EXTRACTS. SIR ROBERT SAL^.-—The Queen (the Ministry) has acted only with proper encouragement to die army, in bestowing tipou one of her bravest soldiers, tlie Grand Cross of the Bath, an honor-ive believe never before bestowed upon a Colonel (3VL(] or - Gen eral in India only ), but to which his noble ^ef^M bad, his iplendid sortie; aWd defeat of Akbar Kahn especially, give him so just a claim, f The unite in gratefully acknowledging this proper bestowal of tWhighest military decoration. THE DUCHESS or KEKT.^—It is reported in the highest circles of England, that upon the recent visit to England of several foreign Princes, a proposition of marriage was made by a very illustrious personage to the Duchess of Kent, who stated in reply in the strongest terms that it was impossible. Her Royal Highness is said to have added, that she "was already married—her union with the English nation being terminable only with her life. The D uchess is extremely popular with the whole nation. • A pugilistic contest for £100 a side was about to take place-between Bjin^aree,; the Australian native, and a man Reuben Martip. A sporting paper siys Bungaree has been ^starring * it with ? ? 30 f 000 m number, wei^^.^ieir to T^herftn. _ * CONCERNING EXPEKS&S.;—ITOACHING TIIE guiding ofjhy house letthy. hospitality be moderate; and according to the means of :thy estate, rather .pleptiful than sparing, but not -costly.; Few >1 never knew any man grow, poor. ljjjr r keeping an orderly table. But. SQB^ consume themselves through'secret iPic^s and their hospitality bears the blame. Hut banish drunkenness out of thme house, which is a vice impairing health, con^umingr much and makes no show. I never heard praise ascribed to the drimkard; hut for the well bearing of his drink; which is a better Recommendation fitf a, brewer's horse or a drayman^ than either for a gentleman or a serving man. ' UNTOWARD RESULT ©^DRUNKENNESS' -rThf? rmusemji -of the ^pyalCcllag^ of, Surgeons^ in Dublin,Contains the picture of a man whose f«ce was eaten away Tby a- pigs while he was lying in a state pf intoxication. The Entire nose, both cheeks and parts of both .ears, in fact, all the most ,patabl£ ; parts of his &ce;, were chewed pfif by tlie animal'; nevertheless, the wounds all yealed, - and he recovered; but, pf course, with all tb<? disabilities of enunciatpu, chewing or' swallowing, attendant on such extensive destruction of soft parts. He, notwithstanding, under generous regimen, cpnr trived, while in hospital, to keep up a good condition of body* Ilis principal 1 regret lay in the unavoidable disuse pf his tobacco-pipe. The picture exhibits him, after the wounds had' all healed, without hose or ears, bufcwth two beau- tifully ipeaking Of the degeneracy of the press, saya— " Ghost of Franklin, hold thy breath! Last Saturday we saw an old revolutionary Rauij|pt press sell under the hammer for. 5 dollars 50 cents. And to what U3e is it to be put, think you, render ? To squeeze cheese !" M A l|ttle fearning is a.diinserotis tlung, : Drink deep, or taste not the PierianspTin^.** " But still the quesltion is, whether a little learning is a d§pgerous thing, ?" It is admitted tliat much knowledge it good; bat a little is dangerous and evil. If this is true, knowledge is yery unhappily and peculiarly circumstanced. There is no other good of whichialittle is said to be .dangerous. 1'ake bread, £he staff of the physical life, as knowledge is of the intellectual life,—who says thai a little bread is a dangierous -thing 1 A quartern loaf is certainly most desirable, but those who cannot get a "quartern Jbaf, will declare a crust to be better than no •bread at all. Is fie wise who rejects all Isgsad because he cannot gel a quartern loal,—or who eats no' meat because he cannot get a leg of mutton l— .INTENDED MARRIAGE or TJ Wti^ BitAZIL^Acourier arrived on Tuesday from Vienna, bringidg the imf een signed to cpnejude a * mt ^rtant intelligent that a contact .had between the young oj^ and the youngest and lovely daughter of the King of Naples. The .Princess is iu her twentieth year, a«d to beauty of feature and perfect outline of figure superadds engaging manners arid k cul- tivated understanding. The Empesdr is also said to be a man oF extensive acquirements, fascinating conversation and winning address; from which -it is 4riferrdd-by the parties btest able to Judge on such a subject, th^ the union wiil be one of lasting iistppiness and recipro^l • ^a^cVion.^L ? white and perfect rows of naked teeth.-—. Houston's Calalozige on P&iny; ? iverpdf^Mercury, ' " m 