[?] Cull'd from every (lower that grow«. — The poorest of all family goods are indolent females. If'a wife knows nothing of domestic duties beyond the parlour or the boudoir, she is a dangerous partner in these times of pecuniary uncertainty. Modest Man. — A bachelor says tiiat ull lie shoo hi ask for iu a wife would be a good temper, health, good understand ing, agreeable physiognomy, good figure, domestic habits, resources ofaniusement, good spirits, conversation, talents, ele gant manners, modesty, virtue, and nun ey. The Pert and Ignorant are prone to Ridicule. — A gentleman of a grave de portment was busily engaged in blowing bubbles of soap and water, and was attentively observing them as tliey ex panded and burst in tlie sunshine. A pert youth fell into a fit of loud laughter at a sight so strange, and which showed, as he thought, such folly and insanity. " Be ashamed, young man," said one who passed by, " of your rudeness and ignorance; vim now behold thegicatest philosopher of the age, Sir Isaac Newton, investigating the nntuie of light and co- louis tiy a series of expci iments, no less fin ions than useful, though you deem them childish and insigiiificunt." Cheer/ulness. — A woman may be of great assistance to her husband, jn busi ness, by wearing a cheerful smile conti nually on her countenance. A man's perplexities and gloominess are increased a hundred-told when his better half moves about with a scowl upon her brow. A pleasant cheerful wife is ns a rainbow set iu the sky when her hus band's mind is tossed with storms and tempests; but a dissatisfied and fretful wife, in the hour of trouble 14 lil/o nni) of iliose fiends who delight to torture lost spirits.— Boz. A Callous Conscience. — The Mobile Mercantile Ad crtiser bestows a just meed of virtuous indignation upon one of his " patrons," of whom tlie editor heard that lie had been seen laughing heartily over a paragraph in the paper of tlie previous morning, who had not paid his subscription lor two years ! How could any man enjoy a joke with such a weight upon his conscience? How to Get into Trouble , — 1. Al ways keep, a sharp look-out for your neighbours concerns : knowledge, you know, is power. 2. Get upon parish committees: if a party question, never mind which side you take — it will show your impartiality : besides, it will let you into the secrets of each. 3. Always speak your mind boldly — no matter where, or who hears you. 4. Do not refuse to be bail for poor Bob : it is only a trifle. 5. Take an active part in a popular election. 6. If all these do not succeed, go to law. Mob Applause. — Samuel Baniford, in his interesting and graphic Passages in the Life of a Radical, now in course of publication, stales, that alter having stood his trial at York, and worthily re presented and defended the working classes of Lancashire, lie was allowed to leave Middleton on foot, for London, to surrender to receive the judgment of the Court of King's Bench, with but one shilling of Middleton money in his pocket, and that given to him by a shopkeer named John Ogden. He thus moralises on this striking lesson on the fleeting character of mob admira tion : — " So much for the shouting, huzzaing, and the empty applause of multitudes. A young aspirant to public notoriety may be excused if he feel a little tickled with the shouts of adula tion ; but, whenever I see a grey- headed orator courting such acclamations, I set him down as being a very shallow, or a very designing person. 1 have no pa tience with such hollow trumpery — with the fools who offer it, or the question able ones who accept it." Height of Nonsense. — For two men, composed of real flesh and blood, to stand up like two targets to be shot at upon tv. mere point of honour. " - A Ghost Outwitted.— A short time I ago a joke, too great not to be narrated, 1 was played upon a jolly old worthy, at ! one of our inns in the town of .. I This scion of the bacchanalian school, \ be it understood, laid siege to the bottle and barrel for several clays. Some of ' his red-nosed companions being awnre of the circumstance, and thinking that lie was doing it rather too hard, agreed upon trying an experiment to frighten him into a more sober way. Night being fixed upon for the joke, uwuy tliey went to the inn described, and there tliey found his worship in a back parlour, quite intoxicated, uud lust asleep. Whilst in this apparently happy state, lie was taken and placed full length inside a coffin, which had been procured for the job. Having slept in this receptacle tor the dead for some three or four hours, lie awoke, aud upon raising himsell up he gazed about bim, first on one side of the coffin and then on the other, muttering to himself, as lie viewed the melancholy piece of fur niture, "Where am I? Where have I gotten to ?" Whilst in ilia act of suy- ing so, a tall portly looking figure, shrouded in a white sheet, walked from a large cupboard, and on marching up to the box, f'uinlly whispered, " You are dead." " Dead !" said the disciple of Bacchus, fixing his eyes stedluslly upon the object before hint ; " aye, an' boo lang liae I been dead ?" "A week," answered the ghost. " An' are ye dead too? "Yes," replied the spectre. " Hecli, sirs ; an' hoo lung liae ye been dead, I say ?" « A fortnight," said the ghost. " Here then, lad," responded the interrogator, (nuttitiir his hand iu his pocket,) " ye ken this place better than I do, bring us twa bottles o' yill," This was too good for tlie ghost, and before he could well get out of the room, lie burst into an immoderate fit of laugliter.- — Stirling Observer. i Statistics oj Muscular Power. — Man lias the power of imitating every motion but that ol flight. To effect these, lie lias, in mntmity and health, sixty bones in his head, sixty in thighs and legs, sixty-two iu his arms nnd hands, sixty- seven in his trunk, lie lias also 434 muscle. His heart makes sixty- four pulsations in a minute;' and llieicfore 3,840 in an hour, 92,160 in a day. There are, also, three complete circula tions of his hlood in the short space of an hour. In respect to tlie comparative speed of an mated beings anil impelled bodies, it may be remarked that size and constructions seem to have little in-- fluence ; nor has comparative strength',, although one body giving any quantity of motion to another, is said to lose so much of its own. The sloth is by no means a small animal, and yet it cun travel only fifty paces in a day. A worm crawls only five inches in fifty seconds but a lady-bird can fly twenty million times its own length, in less than an hour. An elk can run u mile and a half iu seven minutes; an antelope a mile in a minute ; tlie wild mule of Tartory has a speed even greater than that ; an eagle can fly eighteen leagues in an hour, and a Canary falcon cun oven reach two hun dred and fifty leagues in the short space ot sixteen hours. - —Ruckc. A new breed of dogs. — A new and improved breed of dogs has lately been introduced into Boston. Their chief and distinguished quality is, that tliey give their masters no trouble ; having a whistle at tlie end of their tails, tliey call themselves when thev are wanted.. — Father O'Leary, the celebrated. Roman Catholic priest, had a long dis pute with an English clergyman relative to the tenets of their different churches. The latter having been defeated upon various points, lost temper, and sharply exclaimed, " But Doctor, what say you regarding Purgatory?" "Nothing," calmly replied the Doctor, " but that- a man may go further and fare worse." Sovereign Remedies. — For th; gout,, toast and water ; hooping cough, ipe- cacuannah ; bile, exercise ; corns, easy shoes; blue devils, blue ruin ; rheuma tism, new flannel and patience ; tooth ache, pluck it out ; debt, oxalic acid ; love, matrimony. The Pout Puilmp Patriot and Mkldovrnk. Advertiser is published every Monday-.jtnd Thursday morning, anil forwarded simuita. mously In every pat t of the province j and to Sydney, Van Diemen's Land, South Attaint, tin, Swan ltiver, New Zealand, the Mauritius, the Cape of Good Hope. England, Ireland, audi Scotland, the United States oj America, France. India, Ifc., by every possible opportunity. The Subscription charge is, credit, 12s. Gil., cath, 10s. per ijuurter, ending 31st March, 30 th June, 30tk September, uud 3 1st Decent - bar in each year, respectively; to some one f which- periods all resignations must have previous re - ference. No resignations will be accepted with out puyment of the current quarter, and ull are- rears. Persons desirous of becoming Subscri bers during the quarter will, in the event of their doing so, only he charged from lite period they commenced subscribing. Each Advertisement, is charged at the rate of 3 s.J'or six lines, and 3d., for every line beyond six, for each insertion. New Advertisements will he received until 5 p.m . oit Wednesdays anil Saturdays, but no orders for discontinuance will be received after 10 o'clock on Tuesdays and Fridays. The number- of insertions must be specified m each Advertise ment, or tliey will be continued until counter manded by a written notice, and charged av-- oordingly. No verbal notices as to resignation or discontinuance of udvertisemeuts will be at tended to. The agents for tbis journal are. Messrs. Capper anil Golc, II, Park-street, Weslmiusler ; Wellington Exchange, Port Nicholson New Zealand ; Mr. J. D. Bailtie, Colonial Observer Office, Sydney; Mr. D, - Mitcpherson, Hobart Town; Mr. Aikenhead, Examiner Office, Launceston ; Messsrs Thomas tif Co., Adelaide; Mr. Sillier/miter, Cape of Good Hope ; Mr. Harrison, Geelong; and atlhe- Mercury Office, Portland, Mei.bowrnk:— ICdited by Wii.i.iam Kerr ; printed' by Joseph Thompson, nnd published by liinv" m the olHce, Collins-street, for the joint benefit of the sni(| Wh.liam Keiir and Joseph, Thompson, nnd of John Paseob Fawkneu (sole1 1 proprietor.) 