REPORT of THE FOKIEN MANDARINS RESPECTING THE CAPTURE AND RECAPTURE OF AMOY. [From the 'Canton Press,' September 25.] The English barbarians on the 7th moon and 9th day (25th August 1841.) proceeded to attack Hea mun (Amoy) and on the 10th they ascended the hills from the river She- Keang and seized the fortifications of the city. Their Excellencies Yen the Governor, and Lew the Taou tae withdrew into Fung an, and on the 16th summoned forward Tseun chow troops four thousand, from Chang chow two thousand, village braves six thousand, and from the various villages of Chang chow four thousand brave militia. There were military Heu' graduates, and military Lew' graduates who became the patriotic leaders of the people. From Kin mun there were also one thousand two hundred troops, and four thousand brave seamen from Young an, while seven thousand outlaws of Hea mun banded themselves together for opposition. Tho troops and the militia of Chang chow and Kin mun proceeded without delay having combustibles and arms, in small boats each of which had seventy or eighty oars, and carrying powder, sulphur, muskets and shields. From the road of Pih shih tow and Koo lang yu they made their entrance. When the Admiral heard this, he took more than ten war ships with which he had been searching for pirates, and straightway entered Tae tan, and from the Tsing le gate he advanced to the attack. His Excellency Yu poo wun, commander of the land forces, leading his troops and forming a junction with the Governor, crossed over the Woo tung lake and fixed his quarters at Kin ke. The commander of the Yungan encamp- ments receiving the summons of the Go- vernor, led, in person, the troops and militia over Wootung to Kaouke and directly en- tered the mouth of the river, and both divisions forming a junction advanced. The sea and land forces from every quarter as- sembled together. On the night of the 17th and during the first watch the Governor fired off his line of signal guns, and taking his flag on horseback with him, he, in person, directed the ranks to make an imme- diate attack upon the barbarians. On the night the north-east wind blew exceedingly strong, and there was vast abundance of small rain. On a sudden, in front of the ranks, a company of troops was perceived, which was headed by a single individual, whose head was adorned with a blue button, and his hand grasped a long lance. This was understood to be the soul of the vener- able Chang yen, who came to fight at the head of the ranks. On that night the bar- barians were sound asleep, but suddenly hearing of the gathering together of our land and naval forces, the barbarian military chief issued orders to fire their cannon, and summoned his troops to Hew Shay poo, and there with our troops they joined in mutual conflict. Then was to be seen the soul of the venerable Chang yew aiding us, and all the barbarians, falling down with dizziness, found it difficult to serve their guns, and we put to death and arrested them without number. Our Admiral perceiving the bar- barian ships at anchor in the bay at the end of Shapo, ordered the guns to be made to bear upon them. The barbarians also wished to return fire, when suddenly was seen one of the gods with dishevelled hair and bare feet, holding a sword in his hand, and descending from heaven, leading a numerous host of brave soldiery. At this the souls of the barbarian troops were affrighted out of their bodies, and being set upon by the celestial corps were unable to work their guns. Our troops, without intermission, played upon them with several tens of great guns. We destroyed eight three- masted ships, six two-masted vessels, four fire-wheeled ships, and upwards of twenty ships' boats. Of the barbarian troops that were slain it would be impossible to state the number. Of camp followers there fell more than two hundred, while upwards of seven hundred white devils, and more than nine hundred black devils (Sipahis), were slain. The commander-in chief with the chief officer of Kin mun fought up to the third watch, and then ascended the hill with the Governor and in a body entered the city. The barbarian troops having not yet fled, our soldiers proceeded to arrest them all after having put to death between three and four hundred. There were seven military chiefs who were taken alive. The transports which escaped destruction perceiving the victory to be lost forthwith proceeded out to sea. That Amoy was recaptured on the 17th was owing, 1st to the aid of the gods ; 2nd to the assistance afforded by the soul of the venerable Chang yen, and 3rd to the love which the Governor cherished for his country and his people. At present the various seaports are guarded by our troops and are in a state of prepared- ness should the barbarians again return, and within the river the fort of Sha'po is mounted with more than a thousand canon. When the barbarians captured the forts they did not injure a single gun, and now we have all back again without loss. Our readers will no doubt be considerably amused on read in the report of the Fuhkeen authorities, regarding the recapture by the Chinese of Amoy, a translation of which curious document has been kindly furnished us. Generally Chinese public documents of this kind, have some slight basis of truth, upon which they manage to raise a splendid superstructure of fiction, and thereby fre- quently mislead the readers, who knowing part to be true, and unable to winnow the chaff from the corn will give faith to the rest. But this document cannot even boast of the smallest particle of truth, it is in fact all imagination, and of course intended to keep people at the distance in the dark as to the real occurrences. The recapture of Amoy is stated to have occurred on the 17th of the 7th moon, corresponding to the 2nd September. We have dates from Amoy to the evening of the 4th, up to which time the Chinese had made no demonstration what- ever to repossess themselves of that place. Orders were on that day given for all the troops to embark, and after they had left, the ladrones took possession of the town, not to kill the English, but to plunder and illtreat their own countrymen. These lad- rones therefore can hardly be the Celestial hosts brought down by the gods, nor the followers of the old hero Chang yen who left the regions of bliss once more to mix in mortal strife; for their exploits are said to have taken place two days before, on the 2nd, when the English, by our more authentic accounts were engaged in destroying their guns, fortifications, arsenals, and war- junks. Possibly like his father's ghost to Hamlet, these arial beings were visible only to their friends. In truth, we have never seen a more extravagant document, and are astonished that the sober Chinese should have been guilty of such absurdities. We give the generality of the Chinese people credit for the better sense than to believe in such fables. 