[?] Cull'd from ever' (lower that grows. Pithy Appeal, — A well-known reve rend gentleman in London, having to preach a charity sermon the other day, said nothing on the subject until the ser mon was ended. He then told the con- gregation that this was a mere matter of business, and as 6uch he would talk oi it. They knew as well as he that he had certain poor to provide for, who looked to their purses. He then merely read the text — " He that giveth to the poor lendetlt to the Lord and added, "If you approve of your security, down with your money." " Doing " a Dun.- — " There is a story extant of Sheridan, the lessee, and Hol land, the architect, much too good to be omitted. The latter could by no means prevail upon the former to settle, that is, in plain English, to pay up bis little bill, und after hanging about Sherry's house, and hovering over the theatre, day after day, at last caught him one fine morn ing attending a rehearsal, As soon as Sheridan saw him, he went to the archi tect, exclaiming, ( My dear Holland, how d'ye do 1 You are the very man I wanted to see ; I haye a thousand apolo gies to mjtke to you, and fully intended to call upon you as soon ns rehearsal was over.' Holland thanked him, and en tered immediately upon the subject of their accounts, upon which Sheridan re plied, 'My dear Holland they shall he settled in the course of the morning; but do you know, although for my part I ant one of the most enthusiastic admirers of the beauty of this theatie, which 1 think will remain for years a splendid monu ment of your taste and genius, yet they tell me that the people in the one shilling gallery can scarcely hear a word that the perfomers utter?' Mr. Holland ex pressed his surprise at this remark; She ridan said, ' Now, I will go up into the trallerv, and you shall stay on t lie stage. I will address yon, and you shall ascer tain the truth of the observation yourself.' Sheridan, accordingly mounted tip into the lofty region allotted to the gods, from whence he effected, in dumb show, and with much apparent emphasis, to address the architect who stood in amazement below, repeatedly calling out, 'Speak louder, 1 can't hear !' After some time spent in this manner, Sheridan de scended, asking Holland if he heard him tolerably well ? The latter declared that he must confess that he had not heard a word Mr Sheridan had uttered ; where upon the latter exclaimed, ' Why, Hoi- laud, I really know not how to believe you. Why, I have been bawling till I thought my lungs would have burst. Surely you have a cold this morning, that lias prevented you from hearing me. Now, do you ascend the gallery and speak to me.' Willi this proposal Hol land immediately complied, and when after considerable fatigue lie itad reached that elevated spot, and . had walked down to the front seat to address She ridan from that tremendous height, he found ?io one on the stage .' Sheridan had avai'ed himself of their separation to leave the theatre, and poor Mr. Holland, who speedily discovered the hoax, had to encounter a thousand shifts and stra tagems of the malinger, before he could oVtain another successful interview." — Blackwood. A Friendly Hint. — The following petition " to pny the printer," may he read 200 different ways without alter ing t lie original words, beginning with the letter P in the centre; and it is hoped our rpaders will find no difficulty in making out the puzzle, as we publish it just at the expiration of the quarter: n nan R E T E it ICTVTin mis lNTP.n tlETN 2 R I NTf.H n e t n l n r r i n t e n IlKTN I K P E PRINTER It E T N 1 It P E II ZFItlETIilt It P. T Ml It T T. II T II E P T» 1 N T E 11 RETVIIIPEIIT VTIIEPItlNTEIt DETNIttPEIITV A Y T II E P II 1 N T B II niTK'UP F. II T Y A 1' A Y T II E P E I N.T B H RETNIRPE HT.Y A VI II g P. 11 INTEE II K T N t.n P E U II ET N I R P E It T II EPMNTEB n E T N I H P E II E P II I N T E 11 It ET N I U P K P R I N T E R n F. T N I It P R I N T E U EETK1 II t NTEU H ET N I NTEB IUTKTEU It E T E U it B n It — Liverpool Mercury. fl-ST We wonder how many of our subscribers will take the " biut." From Jnnunry to December, Rttch reader must the words remember, Which to tbcm do so often suy, In novel mode, the printer pay. Amusement and instruction kind You in bis paper always find ; There foreign and domestic news The politician may peruse ; The ladies fnir-fond tales of love, Their tender sympathies to move. The farmer, too, may there behold Mow butter, oats, and flax are sold ; Beef, pork, and mutton, fnt or lean, Me from the market note can glean. Then while they all enjoyment find, Let them return the good in kind ; And when the year comes to an end, The money to the printer scud. 1'niNTEn's Devil. Sentinel Office, Jan. 8, 1842. To make Hens lay Perpetually,— I never allow cocks to run with my hens, except when 1 want to raise chickens. Hens will lay eggs perpetually , if treated in the following manner: — Keep no roosters ; give the liens fresh meat, chopped fine like sausage meat, once a day, a very small portion, say half an ounce a day to each hen, during winter, or from the time insects disappear in the full till thev unncar again iu the snrinc. Never allow any eggs to remain in the nest, nor what are called 7iest eggs. When the roosters do not run with Lite liens, and no nest eggs are left iu the nest, the hens will not cease laying after the production of twelve or fifteen eggs, as they always do when roosters and nest eggs are allowed, but continue laying perpetually. My hens always lay oil winter, and each front seventy- five to one hundred eggs in succession. There being nothing to excite the animal passions, they never attempt to set. If the above plan were generally followed, eggs would be just as plenty in winter as in summer. The only reason why hens do not lay in winter as freely as in summer is the want of animal Jood, which they get in summer in abundance, in the form of insects. The reason they stop laying and go to setting, after laying a brood of eggs, is the continual excitement of the animal passions by the males. I have, for several winters, reduced my theory to practice, and proved its entire correctness, it must be observed, that the presence of the male is not necessary for the production of eggs as they are formed whether the male be present or not. Of course, such eggs will not pro duce chickens. When chickens are wanted, the roosters must, of course, run with the hens.-— Correspondent of the Albany Cultivator. The Way to Terrify. — Prince Bollo- selsky possessed to an eminent degree t lie talent of telling a ghost story. At a large party one evening, the ladies drew their chairs around him and exclaimed, " Do Prince, terrify us a little." Upon litis the Prince ordered the lights to be extinguished, with the exception of one, which was left burning in an adjoining apartment, the door of which remained ajar. The narrator commenced his tale, which turned, as might be expected, upon the aparilion of a horrid phantom, advancing slowly, iu the midst ol dark ness visible, towards a person in bed. For the last ten minutes the Prince had kept his hand extended on a marble table; his voice assumed a sepulchral tone. All at once he applied his icy hand upon the bare arm of his hostess, who uttered a piercing scream. The terrified auditors rushed into the other room, and in their confusion, exlingislted liiesoliiary light. The sudden darkness redoubled their panic At last the servants made their appenrance with flambeaux ; aud the Prince, who began to be alarmed at the success of his experiment, succeeded with some difficulty in calming t lie appre hensions of his fair audience. " Ladies," said he, " 'tis all your own fault : you requested nte to terrify you a little, and I like to make myself agreeable." 