THE OLD STORY: OR, TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION ! Second bullion, Corrected and Improved . PUIIEISIIED IIY AUTHORITY. What a liberal Government we Botany Bay-people have the happiness to live under ! They won't give us a right Colonial Parliament that we may take care of our own public money — that, it seems, the httecn can do themselves — but they will give us a baker's dozen, il we choose, of little contemptible district parliaments, tlint we may have the sin gular pleasure and advantage of spend ing. as much more of our own money in addition as we may please. It is a libe ral ofier, to be sure, and it strongly reminds us of good old Jznak Walton's diiections "How to bait a hook with a live frog to catch pike." " Sew up his month," says the tender-hearted old angler; "and then, with your needle .. and silk thread, stitch his leg to the hook, and use him as though you loved him." Now, our lords and masters in Downing- street liuve certainly " sewed up our mouth" already ; for it seems we are not to have a syllabic to say in the man agement of our own affairs, as British Colonists, for we don't know how- long yet; and his Excellency the Gorcmor is now, it seems, " with his needle and silk thread, stitching our feg to the hook" of his new Police and Ronds Bill, " using us," of course, " as though lie loved us." And, doubtless, when the scientific ope ration litis been duly gone through, his Excellency will say, with a degree of self- complacency. " What an excellent bait for catching Colonial pike or gudgeon !" In sober earnest, we should be as vora cious as the former of these animals, and as stupid as the latter, to be caught by any such bait as his Excellency's new Police unci Ronds Bill. Not that we have much to say ngainst the principle of the Bill. The Bill is well enough, for anything we can see in it; but, as Dr. Dousterswivcl says, this is neither " the times nor the places" for having anyLhing to do with such a bill. flttt rnnenn Cr\ p tliinbiiift r, n a>,A wms ivmouii iwi oki >yc siiuji siuiu in the following anecdote: — A wealthy old manufacturer, who resided in the city of Glasgow, aboutlhc commence ment of the present century, had seven daughters, to each of whom, it was cur rently reported, he was to give ten thou sand pounds as her mairiage- portion Now, a gentleman who had just com menced business in Glasgow about that time, naturally thinking that such a por tion with a wife would be a very hand some addition to his available capital, and finding one of the young ladies suffi ciently agreeable, settled the preliminaries of n matrimonial alliance with her in the usual way. On coming to terms, how ever, with the old gentleman, he found, to his extreme mortification, that the Ten Thousand Pounds were not to be pay able during the father's lifetime ; and this unfortunately altered the case so much in the estimation of the ardent speculator, that he broke off the match immediately, telling the old gentleman — pardon us, ladies, for we are only report ing the case — that " he might keep his article." Now we are precisely in the situation of this rude man of business. It is the ten thousand pounds — the real genuine Coloninl Parliament, the regular House of Assembly — that we want; nn'd in default of this, we must just be plain with his Excellency, in regard to his new Police-Bill, and tell him that " he may keep his article." The truth is, his Excellency and the rest of the fifteen have got themselves into the well, in regard to the Revenue and Expenditure of the Colony ; and they wish, like the fox in the fable, to make the unfortunate Colonists their he-goat, that they may mount upon his back and climb out by his bonis. It won't do, however ; and we shall state the reasons why, as briefly as possible, joking apart. 1\. In the first place, then, we cannot but regard the proposed .offer of some thing like representation to the Colony by the Local Government and Legisla tive CoBncil with great suspicion. As Hamlet says of the ghost, It comes in such n questionable shnpo That we must speak to it. In short, as another poet says, Timeo Dannos, ct dona jcrcntcs. I dread these Greeks — I dread their presents too. For what, is the sort of present these Colonial Greeks are proposing to make us? Why, instead of paying the Police establishment of the Colony in future from the produce of the indirect taxation of the Colony, over which the Legislative Council have at present the exclusive control, they are going to shift over the whole burden of thai establishment upon the Colonists, as it forms a very large item of the general expenditure, and to allow the Colonists to tux themselves to pay for it. But will the Colonists have nnvlliino to sav in fiitnm in llin mnnnnrp. j o — j "o meat of the revenue arising from indiiect taxation if they accede to such an arrangement? By no means. By that arrangement the Legislative Council would, doubtless, be relieved in no small degree of their present embarrassment, in providing something like tolerable go vernment for the Colony with a revenue which is daily becoming less and less adequate to meet its enormous and con- constantly increasing expenditure ; and liiey would thus be enabled to go on a few years longer than tliey otherwise could on the present rotten. system. But the Colonists would only gain a loss by the bargain ; for their obtaining respon sible Government would thereby be only indefinitely postponed. But some of our readers will perhaps ask us " Do you really desire to see the Colonial Government embarrassed?" And we have no hesitation in replying, " Decidedly we do :" we have no hesi tation in acknowledging the fact. It is our earnest desire to see the immortal fifteen hard up — brought to a dead-lock — unable to get on a year longer ; for we have no expectation of any improve ment in the system, as far as they can help it, till such a consummation arrives. The great remedy for misgoverninent under the British Constitution, is to stop the supplies. This immediately brings the most arbitrary minister to bis senses, and ensures a change of men and mea sures. Now the only way in which the people of this Colony can at present avail themselves of this constitutional check upon misgovernment is to refuse the boon, forsooth, which the Local Government arc now oflering them, in their new Police and Roads Bill ; for it is quite evident, from the device which that bill so artfully conceals under the plausible oficr of Local Representation, that if the proffered arrangement is not accepted, the supplies will be stopt at Head Quarters a great deal sooner than if it were. In short, it is not the em barrassments of the people as a Colony, but the embarrassments of the Council as a system of government, that this bill is intended to relieve. Il is a sleeping draught which, if the patient take, it will lie very difficult indeed to awaken him to a proper sense of his servile and oppressed political condition for years to come. Let the Colonists therefore sub mit to suffer a year or two longer, by doing witli sucli roads and such police establishments as they have had for more than fifty years past, rather than purchase immediate improvements in cither of these departments on such dis advantageous terms. When the Impe rial Parliament laid a tax on tea in the American Colonies previous to the revo lution, the American ( lolonists refused to use the article altogether, and a num ber of young men accordingly went on board the first vessel that arrived after the imposition of the tax, and emptied out her whole cargo into the harbour of Boston. This, perhaps, was going too fnr lint. tlm nnint fnr nnr imitminn tuno the self-denial of the American Colonists in denying themselves an indulgence, the use of which would have implied their own political degradation. In like manner let us deny ourselves the benefit of a better police establishment, and better roads for a time, as it is evident that the enjoyment of these indulgences, (which, besides, we should have to pay for out of our own pockets,) would only prolong the system of Taxation without Representation for an indefinite period. In short, although we have no objections to the principle of the Bill, as far as its objects, and the mode of working these objects out by a system of district repre sentation, arc to be understood by that expression, we do object strongly to its principle, as far as that expression may be understood to Imply the Government objects it is intended to serve, and its probable bearing on the great question of Representative Government tor the whole Colony. In the latter sense, the principle of the bill may be most accu rately expressed in the quaint language of the old angler: — "Sew up their mouths — stitch their legs to the hook ; but by nil means use them as though you loved them." 2\. In the second place we object to this bill because the Police Establish ment of the Colony being required chiefly for the restraint and correction of pe sons who have originally come to the Colony as convicts, the expense of it ought decidedly to be one ol the very last items of the Public Expenditure that should be thrown upon the direct taxa tion of the Colony. If there is any branch of the public service that ought to be supported exclusively from the du ties on imported spirits and t he licenses to sell rum, surely it is the Police Es tablishment of the Colony : if it is the duty of the government to provide any thing for the benefit of the public at all in a convict colony, surely it is consta bles and watch-houses. Again, if the Colony is to be divided into districts for hi purposes of local taxation, let the Colonists in these districts be required to tax themselves for something positive in the way of improvement, and not for something merely negative in the way of restraint and coercion. In other words, let them be taxed for the maintenance of schools and schoolmasters, and not for that of watch-houses and petty con stables. Even the degenerate Jews in the time of our Saviour would not allow the price of blood to be thrown into the Public Treasury, to be appropriated for the common pui poses of government. They purchased a burial-ground with it for the interment of poor foreigners. But our paternal Government takes -" the price of Colonial blood" — the duties on spirits and spirit-licenses — for the sup- am! n f flliuraliaB nnrl Qnlmnla nn/1 |'Ult.WI MUM WV.jlUU»3j aim |JIU- poses to leave the payment of gaolers and thief-takers to voluntary taxation! — Monstrous ! Let the process then be re versed by all means — let the Govern ment devote the whole of " the price of blood-revenue" to the maintenance of the Police and Gaul Establishments, and let them throw the support of Schools and Churches directly upon the people ; empowering the latter, in their respec tive District Parliaments, to lax them selves first for Schools, and then for Churches, if they think proper. It is true, in the slang of certain modern writers of great pretensions to superior sanctity, it is customary to style the clergy the spiritual police of the coun try ; but we abominate ull such phraseo logy, first because it is a manifest and unwarrantable degradation of the sacred office to characterize it by any such term, and secondly, because the term is obviously used for the despicable pur pose of proving that the clergy are en titled to a part of the Police fund — the fund raised by the Government, as "the price of blood," for the restraint and co ercion of rogues and vagabonds ! ! ! 3\. In the third and last place, we are strongly of opinion that the Colony ought not to accept either Town or Country Municipalities from our present Legislative Council. We want a much greater degree botii of intelligence and patriotism than that Council can boast of, to give us the model of Corporations for this whole Colony. Errors in this matter might afterwards be exceedingly difficult to correct, and of most injurious operation ; and it were decidedly much belter, therefore, to wait for such petty Corporations, till wo get the large one we stand so much more in need of, a House of Assembly. That House, and not the present Council, will be the legi timate source of all subordinate Colonial Corporations; and let his Excellency, therefore, not think of putting the cart before the horse, or bringing the children into the world before their parent. Should the Government persist, not withstanding, in forcing a measure, which, for the reasons we have staled, is so evidently and so strongly objectiona ble, we are decidedly of opinion that there ought to be a Public Meeting held in. Sydney to petition against it immedi ately, Let the Government be taught that as Britisli Colonists, unjustly de prived of our rights, and subjected, by mere physical force, to the arbitrary rule of men in whom wo can have no confi dence, and for whom, as legislators, we can have no respect, we are too old now to be — Pleased with a rattle, tickled with a straw. No, no ! We must have liberty of speech. We cannot allow the authori ties either here or at home, to " sew up our mouths" any longer. Thny don't " use us as though they loved us" — that is quite plain, notwithstanding Sir George's new Police and Roads Bill. — Colonial Observer. 