Original Poetry. SHAKSPEARE. (From "My Library," an unpublished poem.) Next, standing lone, a study in itself, Lo, Shakspeare's volume glorifies the shelf. Sphered in the light of his creative mind, Another world merging in this, we find. Lean fatal hags ride posting on the blast, And winged immortals throng around as fast: Those as the sculptor's marble firmly lined, These, like a vapour, dim and undefined. Lo, now futurity withdraws her veil, And pours her phantom kings before the tyrant pale! Now, in the moon's quick "glimpses" gleaming cold, A shadowy warrior's stalking form behold! While o'er, like echoes from oblivion's coast, Comes the deep speech of the unquiet ghost. Turn we a page—Oh, for a power to save The meek mad beauty from her watery grave! "Sweets to the sweet!" with the sad queen we cry, And dash the sacred tear- drops from our eye. But should we covet sternest knowledge, hard With those cold precepts world-wise hearts regard, How many a thoughtful page is shared between Fancy, and Wisdom in her sagest mien. Ambition's worshipper, in Cæsar's death, May see that glory's but all empty breath; And learn from Richard's spectre haunted hour To hate the hideousness of godless power! What sensualist, while thunders loud the page With falling Antony's majestic rage, But must, with profit to himself, deplore The fatal witcheries of the regal ——! What wealthy prodigal, from Timon's fall, Shall aim not to avoid the flatterer's thrall? What husband, viewing dark Othello's deed, But shall with caution, at the worst, proceed? The sire may learn to shun the rival hate, That consummated gentle Juliet's fate; The child be chastened by the filial tear Shed for the wrongs that maddened royal Lear. Now with desire of laughter are we bit? Let's ride with Falstaff in a storm of wit. If fierce our mood, another leaf will yield Meet food—the thunders of a battle-field. To innocence would we devote awhile? Miranda beckons from her desert Isle. With lonely virtue would we mingle tears? A moral angel, Imogen, appears. With joyous goodness thirst we to rejoice? Belmont is vocal with its Portia's voice. Comes o'er us, like a long remembered strain, The love of rural scenes we ne'er may see again? In shady Arden, then, let's wander wild With buoyant Rosalind and Celia mild: Or talk with Perdita of flowers, from whose Rich warbled words, as from a shower of dews, They borrow fresher scents and still diviner hues. Would we be solaced with a song? Sweet lays That breathe the innocence of ancient days, Like drops of gold, or gems of precious hue, Are interspersed the glorious volume through! Oh, oft when wandering at the close of day Thus musing, to my listening heart I say: While "sweetest Shakspeare, Fancy's darling child, Warbles for me his native wood-notes wild," Let others thirst for wealth and power, and dwell It costly mansions—I can spare them well! CHARLES HARPUR. 