Theatricals. The sev, rai performers in the Victoria Theatre, have, for those few weeks pasl, been taking ih ir benefits, anil it is willi sincere p easure ttial we are enabled lo state, thal willi scarcely uri exception th ci's-sful. The play-g"ing portion of the com» muriiiy, we are certain, will agree with us, thal they, one and all, richly deserve the patron age they leceived, for never in this quarter of the globe wus thero more talent brought for- ward, or more enthusiastically supported. Mr. Nettiiti's benefit was the most crowded ive Im-re ever witnessed, hundred« having to leave the door's, not being able to gain admission. His acting in the character of Macbeth gained great applause, though we are obliged lo say that he »as but indifferently supported- The scenes in which the witches appear were misera My performed ; instead of the supernatural be. ings delineated by Shakespeare, the actors made a low comic mockery of thero, that would have disgracd the veriist booth in Bartholomew Fair. Mrs. Thompson played Lady Macbeth very well, considering her physical déficiences for that arduous ; art. Knowles pcrfoimed the pan of Hatiquo admirably, his acting as the Ghost in the Banquet Scene, was perfect. We could not wish lo see it better performed. We are happy lo state that Mrs Thompson had a " bumper benefit," as it is technically culled, last week. This lady is very justly he coming a great favourite with the Sydney public. We attended the Theatre on Saturday night, but as the " bill of fare" was anything but an in- viting one, we therefore decline making any re- marks on the subject. The Theatre will close for this season in a few weeks, and we understand (hat great novelties are in preparation for the commencement of the next. Previous to this,the acting proprietor, Mr. Knight, will take his benefit, and if there is anything like gratitude in the Sydney public, he will have an overflow I i rig house. We have not as yet heard what j pieces are to .be brought forward on the occa Uion, but shall give due notice thereof. ti PORT PHILLIP.-I ¡is Excellency the Go- vernor bas been pleased to order the re-publica tion of the following Notice of the l8 li of April, 1842) and lo direct that the Reward of One Hundred Pounds, ora Free Pardon and Pus sage to England, be extended to any of the parlies engaged in the Murder of the Aboriginal Natives, who were not principals in the first degree, or did not act ally fire the shots caus- ing death, and who may turn Queen's Evidence \- One Uuudrtd Pounds Reward, or a Free Pardon and Passage to tingland.- Whereas it has been represented to the Government, that on the tiiglti of the 23rd February last, a party of six or more Europeans, surprised a number of Aboriginal Natives sleeping in a Tea-tree scrub, in the immediate viotti y of the station of M'tsrs. Smith and O-brey, in tile Portland Bay district, and iheii and there barbarously murdered three Aboriginal females and one male child, by Gun <>r Pistol -hots, besides wotiiuPiig u fourth female ; His Excellency the Governor directs it lo be notified, linn a Reward ni One Hundred Pounds will be paid io any free'person or persons (except the actual perpe- trator) who shall give such information as shall lead to the conviction of the parlies guilty of the above crime ; and if the parly giving such information be a prisoner of the Crown, appli- cation will bo made to Uer Majesty for the allowance of a Free Pardon and Passage to England to >uoh prisoner of the Crown. APPOINTMENT. - His Excellency ihe Gover- nor has been pleased to appoint George Jobliug, Esq., of Port Macquarie, to be a Magistrate of the Territory and ii s Dependencies. COMMON IN FOU M um. - A worn out exquisite brought up sixteen or seventeen publicans during last week, in the Police Court, charging them with selling on Sundays. The Bench very justly dismi.-sed the cases, remarking that such informations could only be made by ihe officers of Police. We have reason, from what wo have heard from good authority, to be assured that this isa new speculation concocted by some h of the mont notorious characters in Sydney, 'r CHAnt.Es O'MALUEY.-We have just finished jticl reading the third part of this most interesting j mo wnik, which has been re published by Mr. By Baker, of King street, in a style almost equal be to the London edition, Our friends at home fin would not believe this, but it is still no less du true. We are so*ry to have occusion to say, Pa that we have one fault to find, but it ia one c1« which can he easily rcrae.lied-We mean ihe foi typograpical errors, several vvoids being mis- tie spell, and many entirely left out. By such mi mistakes, the meaning of many of the finest passages are entirely destroyed. Wo aie con- of ,vineed thal such errors will not again occiirt. ke We »¡bli Mr. Baker that success which he so ice richly deceives. 1er DANGEROUS NEGLECT -For the last month du or two, a quarry has been worked at the junction pa of Kent and King streets, and for a long lime sei after it was first opened, nothing in the shape of " ' fen ing was constructed to protect the lives and limbs of Her Majesty's liegos, many of whom (in consequence of that neglect) mel with what iii uenilmien of the long robe term "grievous bodily bairn." At length, however, after repeated aetitlents and complaints, this evil «as amended, and the passers by are no longer in danger of breaking their necks by filling into ihe quarry, A new e\ii, however, has arisen, fur in cnnsiqneneeof the late heavy rains, a ronsidcrab e body of water has lodgid in the cavities of the quarry, and the street above has already become green and stagnant, filling the whole of the surrounding atmosphere with noxious vapours, and endangering the health of every individual residing within its influence. This, although it is not productive of so much immediate danger as the absence of] a fencing, is, neverthele»s, equally injurions, and if it is suffered in remain there until after the warm «eathtr shall have commenced, will go very far to introduce a pestilence into the neighbourhood. Ii is really too bad that (his should be suffered, and we hope before long, to see this hint taken, and the nuisance entirely removed.- Correspondent. It is altogether necessary if law reports are to be taken that Accommodation for reporters should be preserved. At present it is better for reporters to ¡dace themselves in any part of the Court (han in the reporters' box, which is regu- larly made the lounge of a set of careless talk- ative lawyers' clerks, who evidently take a delight in creating ali (he annoyance they can,! and who tarn a deaf ear to any hint or renou« str.ince which may be made to them, and not unficquently in the plebitude of juvenile im pertinence, aggravate the nuisance they create by uncivil remarks. The officers of the Court ought lo see to this. If the public require law information, the surveyors of it ought to be prole, ted.-Australian [We perfectly agree with our cotempoiary in this respect, and hope thdt the e\¡l vi ill be speedily remedied.-ED. SYD. GAI.] COCKATOO ISLAND-On Sunday last, abont twemy ol the convicts on Cockatoo Is'aud at j tempted to make their escape, but were captured before they had matle much progress. They were btought before ihe Bench yesterday ; four of the ring leaders were sentenced to receive ?ne hundred lashes each, and the others fifty. THE COURTS OF KEQUUST PETITION.--We are requested to slate; ih.it (he engrossed peti- tion io His Excellency the Governor and Leg;;« laitve Council lies for signature at Aldis's, George»strePt. There are already 500 names (p incipally tradesmen) attached to (he petition, and llicbrid Jones, bsq , wo understand, ha» kindly con en ted to present it to the Council this week. P.iriies interested sliou'd therefore lose no time in al'aching their names thereto. EXTENSIVE PLUNDER IF THE BRIG GUI- ÑARE -<»n Fiid.iy last, John Hughes, steward, and Daniel Darmonl, «eeond mate, of the brig Gulnare, were charged before (he Water Police Bench, by Captain Stevenson, will obtaining meat from the butcher's under false pretences, and stealing a quantity of tins of prepared meats from the ship's stores ; and Jos. Cham- bers, watchman at the Dockyard, his «¡fe, and John Morris and his wife were charged with leceiving the same knowing them to have been stolen. Mr G. R. Nichols conducted the pro seent¡on, and Mr. G. L. Poignand appeared for the defence. The case against Hughes, the steward, was very clear, and he was committed for trial and admitted to bail ; but although a quantity of empty tins, resembling those in which the preserved meats were kept on board the Gulnare, were found on the premises of Chambers, Captain Stevenson would not under take to swear that they were the property of the owners, and the rest of the prisoners were discharged. - Examiner. NUISANCES.-We think that the police ought to be more strict than they at present are, in filing informations against the proprietors or those owning or renting quarries in or about "Sydney without being properly fenced in, such neglect having been the cause of many accidents, of en terminating in Ihe loss of human life. At the same lime we cannot avoid expressing our surprise that Government should shew such a bad example in similar cases. The state of Argyle-street, both north and south of Prince street, is in a dreadfully unprotected f-tats; one false step made by u passer bye would at once precipitate them down a precipice where they would be literally flashed to pieces. We hope to see such evils speedily remedied, even before the Municipal Corpointion Bill comes into force. INQUESTS. — On Saturday last an inquest was held on the body of John Mahon, a prisoner of the crown, who died on Friday last at Cockatoo Island. On mature deliberation, the jury re- turned a verdict of "died of apoplexy." Another inquest was held on the same day, on the body of G. C. Mole, who died from the effects of arsenic taken in a fit of despondency. He had, it appeared, fallen into low spirits on account of not being able to get employment, and determined on self destruction, which he effected in the manner above stated. He had coolness of mind sufficient to make his will, leaving clothes and money to pay his funeral expenses. 