NIOWFOUNDLAND.--The Right Rev. Dr. Fleming, the zealous and beloved bishop of this vicariate, sailed from Liverpool on Friday morning last. Iti., perhaps, due to his lordship to say, that during his last trip to Europe he has had scarcely one moment's repose, so active and so continuous has been his labours for his interesting mission His object in visiting Ireland was to procure mate rials for his splendid cathedral, now being erected in St. John's, Newfoundland. How far his lordship has accomplished this noble work may be collected from the fact that for several months he has em ployed about one hundred men in preparing and cutting real Irish granite, and that a ship of eight hundred tons burden has been chartered to convey these stones and other materials across the Atlantic. This is the third cargo which has thus been trans. shipped from Dublin for this sacred edifice, and Dr. Fleming has hereby left an imperishable record not only of his piety but of his affection for his native land. In addition to having thus laid the foundation of a magnificent material temple, his lordship, on this occasion, has laid another foundation for the sustainment and promotion of religion, by inducing many who aspire to be temples of the Holy Ghost to leave their country and friends, and to plant the standard of the cross in the distant wilds of North America. Seven religious ladies-five from the ce lebrated House of Mercy, Blagot-street, and two postulants, also from Dublin-have with joy thus joined the good bishop in extending the glory of God, and thle welfare of man, in a distant land. Ihese nuns are to found a convent, or house of mercy, in Newfoundland. There are also to accom. pany them five additional pri,:sts to supply the wants of tihe mission. The former will give two convents to St. John's, the Presentation Order having been already established there, and the latter will make the number of ecclesiastics on this mission twenty five. These clergymen and religious ladies are to sail from Dublin before the termination of this month, and thus shall Ireland add to the many noble examples she has already given of apostolical zeal in the cause of religion, not only at home but abroad. \--Freeman's Journal, dpril. THE SECRET OF THE IRISi" HonsE CIIAnaBStr DISCOVERED -For more than half a century the family of the Sullivans, near Charleville, in Ireland, have had the reputation of possessing a secret worth knowing, and which every horse jockey in the country was anxious to learn. 'Ithey have been able to subdue in a few minutes the most refractory and dangerous specimens of horse.flesh that could be brought in their way. For the purpose of putting the inquisitive on the wrong scent they asserted that the effect was produced by whisperiirg in the ear of the animal, on which account they were generally known as the " whisperers." On one occasion it is said that a Sullivan was sent for to tame a violent horse which had just thrown and nearly killed an experienced rider; on his arrival he took the animal into a stable, when in consequence of the violence with which the horse plunged and lashed, the life of Sullivan was supposed to be in jeopardy; after a time the animal became silent, and when it was feared that Sullivan was killed the stable was entered, and Sullivan was seen lying down in a'stall by his side, with its fore leg across the man's neck Other feats were performed by this gifted family, the secret of which has till now been wrapped up in mystery. The secret it seems has at last come out through Mr. Catlin's interesting work on the North American Indians. ..He says, "I have often, in concurrence with the well known custom of the country, held my hands over the eyes of the calf, and breathed a few strong breaths into its nostrils; after which I have, with my hunting com. panions, rode several miles into our encampment, 'with the little prisoner busily following the heels of my horse the whole way. In the same way the wild horses are tamed. When the Indian has got him well secured with the lasso, and a pair of hobbles on his feet, Ihe gradually advances until Ire is able to place his hands over the animal's nose and over his eyes, and at length to breathe into its nostails, when it soon becomes docile and conquered, so that he has little more to do than remove the hobbles from his feet, and lead or ride it into the camp." Mr. Ellis chanced to read this account when on a visit in Yorkshire, and forthwith resolved to try the expe riment, lie and his friends were alike incredulous, and sought amusement from the failure, rather than knowledge from the result; brut two experiments, all he was able to make, were both successful. The details given by Mir. Ellis of his success are really surprising, and it seems now quite evident that gen tiemen, farmers, trainers, and others, may perform the same wonders that hitherto secured to the Sul. livans an unrivalled fame.-Molrning Advertiser. A schoolmaster, in describing a money lender, says, "He serves you in the present tense, lie lends you in the condituonal mood, keeps you on the subjunctive, and ruins you on the future." 