Theatricals Although fervent admirers of the Drama, and with every wish to uphold the exertions of the highly respectable gentleman who has for such a length of time catered for our theatrical amusements, we cannot avoid reflecting upon the miserable taste displayed by the production of that piece entitled the " MISTLETOE BOUGH," which was, for the first time, performed on Thursday last. When we saw the piece adver- tised, we anticipated a treat of no ordinary naure-the subject being one of the most beau- tiful and romantic which has ever engrossed the pen of a poet: it is in fact the Genera of Rogers, a work which for simple and poetical sublimity is unequalled in British literature. Such being the case, our surprise can easily he imagined when we saw it mangled (this is the best, phrase we can find) into one ot the most drawling and ridiculous raelo dramas which it was ever our misfortune lo behold. But let our readers judge fcr themselves ; and we vouch for the following being a correct description. A young gentleman-our one t, we should say-is about being married to a sweet and angelic damsel (every lover thinks his mistress so) named .Agnes, the daughter of a respectable and highly pathetic old Baron, who on account of his rank, has the privilege of being very fond -very foolish, and deals amazingly in those trite anti pungent phrases which, if believed and followed, would make any one as great a jackass as him self. So far well : but while "The Miiiletoe-bough hangs in the Castle hall. The dolly branch shines on the old oak wall And the Baron's retainers, blyth and gay, Are keeping their Christmas holiday," a most inveterate rascal named Sir Reginald De Courcy is found seated with the company : this young gentleman, who possesses a considerable portion.of thunder and lightning in his dispo- sition, has a sort of a son of sneaking kindness to Miss Agnes, and is not pleased that she should throw herself away on any one but himself. These being his feelings, he follows her until she hides in a playful, and at the same time mysterious manner, in a large chest ; the moment she is in, he closes the lid. Some compunction of con- science, however, overtakes him, and causes him to open it again, which done, he in the most melo dramatic manner possible stabs her to the heart ! - a specimen of philamrophy only equalled by tlie Irish frogs, who " Committed suicide, to save themselves from slaughter !'' Then comes the " devil to pay, and no pitch hot ;" the bride is'wanting, and cannot be found -her father is in a state of mysterious delirium, and poor young LoveI looks us if he could not help it ; and thus the first act ends.-The second act is supposed to commence ten years after the first. We then have an exquisite specimen of the villainy of Sir Reginald - who, with the greatest impudence imaginable, tells the au- dience what an egregious rascal he ia. In his designs he is aided by a little hob goblin whose monkey-tricks are bul tamely diabolical. By his blackguardism the knight succeeds in get- ting possession of the Baron's domain, an I in a very summary manner gives him leave of ab- sence from his own house. Lovel next appears on the boards; and, feeling rather jaded, falls asleep : the ghost of Agnes then appears, with the usual accompaniments of blue fire, &c.; &c.; and gives him a very definite explanation of the merits of the case. Then comes the finale : the chest is opened, in presence of all the charac- ters-the skeleton is discovered ; Sir Reginald is accused of murder ; he denies it ; the spirit of Agnes makes her appearance from the rhest, and frightens him into an acknowledg- ment-he stabs himself, and the curtain falls ! ! The pathetic drama of the " LEAR oF PRI VATE LIFE" was performed as an afterpiece, and drew tears from many eyes.. It was ad- mirably acted, but we shall make no remarks on its merits, having fully reviewed it in former numbers. We are' sorry it is not to be repeated this season, as we consider it one of the best pieces which has been brought on the Sydney boards. Mrs. Cenilevre's exquisite comedy of "THE WONDER, or a WOMAN KEEPS A SECRET" will be repeated tonight. We had the pleasure of see ing it performed on Monday evening in a manner which did the greatest credit to the performers in the Victoria, with the exception of Lee as Gibby,who was not qualified for the character, nor in a fit state to represent it ; every person did bis best, and were highly suceessful in their endeavours : in fact, they played to perfection We anticipate a bumper house this evening. 