MISCELLANEA. Smokk Nuisance.—The commissioner of the town of Birmingham are recommending to tho manufacturers the adoption of stoves that consume their own smoke. Several of the manufacturers bare adopted the recommendation ; and, in consequence. various improvements for the consumption of smoke have been brought into practice. Mr. II. IJouldgworth, a mill owner at a meeting for a mmilar object nt Manchester, stated that, from calcuiatioins that iie had made, the inhabitants of that place would be gainers, in various ways, to (he extent of £100,000 per annum, bv tho effectual consumption of smoke. At Mr. Clifford's mill, Birmingham, where live steam boilers were at work, their yards was, said a gentleman who addressed the commissioners, us free from smoke as the room in which they were assembled ; indeed the thing was going on in such a way, (hat he had great hopes the nuisance would he entirely abated in the town ofllirminghain. A Cintlesmk.—Id the language of his companions, lllick Butke " could be a gentleman when he pleased." llow often have we beard this phrase, and with what a fatal mistake is it generally upplied ! He who can be a gentleman when lie pleases, never pleases lo be any tiling else. Circumstances may, and do every day in life, throw incn of cultivated minds and refined habirs into (he society of their inferiors ; but while, with the tact and readiness that is' their especial prerogative, they make themselves welcome among those with whom they have fow, if any sympathies in common, yet never by any accident do they derogate from •hat high standard that nukes them gentlemen. So, on the other hand, the man of vulgar tastes and coarse propensities may simulate, if he be able, ih<>-0iirn .1..- ' . of zocie'j, epeaking wilh practised ititonntion, aud bowing with well studied graco; yet is he no more a gentleman in his thought or-feeling than is the (inselled ac(or who struts the board ih-. monarch his costume would bespeak him. This being the " gentleman when he likes" is but the mere performance of the character. Jt has all the smell of the orange-peel and the foot-lights about it, and never can be mistaken by anv one who knows the world.—Dublin Vnivenity Magazine. The Exilcution op Admiral Bvn'o.—The admiral wbs executed on board llie Monarch, on (he 14th of March. Tho preceding evening his friends applied to Mr. Boscawon to have the place of execution c! anged from the forecastle to the quarter-deck, to which he consented; a circumstance which gave much satisfaction to the unhappy admiral, who to the last seemed lo think he was wrongfully condemned, but throughout betrayed no fear of death. The marines were all drawn up under arms upon the ponp, along the gangways in the waist, nud on ono side of the quarter-dcck. On the other side of the quarter-deck was thrown a heap of sawdust, nnd a cushion placed upon it; and in the middle, upon the gratings, n platoon consisting of nine marines (to whom lie made a present of ten guineas) were drawn up in three lines, three each. 1 he front and centre ranks had their bayonets fixed as usual on sucb occasions. The captains of all the ships in Portsmouth harbour and at Spitliead were ordered lo attend null their boats, but lay abreast upon their oars, without coming on board, to ovoiu the inconvenience of so great a crowd as that would have occsaioned. A little before twelve tho admiral retired to <lie stnto cabin for about three minutes, when the doors were thrown open, and the admiral, opening (he stateroom door, walked out with a stately pace and a composed countenance. He made a bow to his friends in (he cabin, and said to the marshal, " Come along, my friend," and walked out upon the quarter-deck. Then, turning to the marshal, with an easy bow, he gave him a paper, snying, "Remember, sir, what i have told you relating to this paper-" He then went to the cushion ond kneeled down. One of his friends attended him to the cushion, nnd offered to lie the bandnge over his eyes, but he declined the service, and did it himself. The marines in the mean time advanced about two paces, then presenting their muskets, waiting till the admiral gave them the signal to fire. Ono of his friends—piobably thosamo who offered to lie the bandage—was very near him at thin moment, for he colled out to him, "Retire! they may shoot you." Upon dropping a handkerchief {(be signal agreed on), Bis of the platoon fired; one missed, tour passed through different parts of the body, and one through Ins hoait. lie suult motionless on tbo deck. As he full, one of the bailors called out, " Theie lies the bravest and best nfficer of the nnvy !"—From I he rtunlli/.pnl/lithed l.ifi of Kippel, 6<i the Urn. and Pee. Alr. Keppd. A Ghost Oimvirrrn—A Blinrt time ogo a joke, loo good not lo he narrated, was played upon a jolly old worthy at one of our inns, in the town of -J-- , This scipn of the Bacchanalian school, be it understood, laid siege to the bottle and bsrrel, for several days. Some of his red-nosod conrpan-' ions being aware of the circumstance, and thinking that be was doing it rather loo hard, agreed upon trying an experiment to frighten him into a more sober way. Night being fixed upon for ihe joke, away they went to (he inn described, ond thore they found his worship in a back parlour, qutle intoxicated, nnd fast asleep. Whilst in this apparently happy state |io was taken and placed fulllenglh inside a coffin, which bad been procured for' the job. Hiving slept in (his receptacle for the dead for some three or four hours, ho awoke, sod upon raising himself up_ be gazed about him, first on one side of the coffin and (hen on the other, muttering to himself as lie viewed the melancholy piece of furniture, *• Whnre am IJ Whore have I cotton loV Whitst in the set of eiying so, « tell portly- looking figure, shrouded in o while sheet 'Dead'!" said the discipl eyes steadfastly ^ipon the object before him; "Ay, an' boolaltg hoe l been dead?'' "A week," answered 'die ghost. "An* are ve dead too?" •• Ytes,".replied, the spectre. *'Ilech, sirB, and boo Jang hoe ye been dead, I say? " A fortnight," said.the ghost. " Here, then, lad," responded the interrogator, putting his hand into bis poiket, "ye ken Ibis place better than I do bring us twa baltlej o" yill." Tins'Was loogood fortte ghost, and before he could well get out of the room, he burst inio an iromoderajefij^Hiaughler.—Gfuigoio Pajier. 