ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. PUBLIC EDUCATION. No. V11. The state of education in Australia Felix is now fully before the public. Out of a population of more than 21,000, of whom a tenth, or 2,100, are between the ages of four and fourteen - not 800 are at school. Few children above twelve are under instruction : at this tender age, most of them are called to enter on the active employments of life. During the last seven months, the Govern- ment have granted the magnificent sum of £67 18s. 11d. for the education of our youth - a con- clusive proof that the number of "absolute paupers" is very few indeed in our favored colony. Would to God it were equally conclusive proof that our parents were themselves educating their children without assistance from the public funds, or that their circumstances were such as to render such assistance unnecessary. Alas! it is proof "that they are unable to pay for their children's educa- tion,". and therefor they send them to no school, because they cannot pay the fees. The number now under tuition is less than the number seven months ago, chiefly through the cause mentioned, through partly also from the removal from the towns into the country, of several families of the the poorer classes. It is with perfect confidence, confidence grounded on personal observation, that I state, that the attendance at our schools would be increased were the fees lower; but how can the fees be reduced to such an extent as would afford relief, so long as tprecious penny a - day is to be given for the assistance of absolute paupers only. Teachers cannot live on air any more than other people, and though the Magnates of Mac- quarie-street may think little of the poor pedagogues who are toiling all over the country on a bare subsistence, yet be it known to them, that the effects of the labours of some of these humble in- dividuals will be felt long after the legislators and their legislation shall have been forgotten, " like the baseless fabric of a vision, without leaving a trace behind." But to come to the practical points of the case. What should be done? In the first place, I con- ceive the Governor should be petitioned. The present regulations are of his enacting, and he has it fully in his power to improve or repeal them. His position, as the representative of Her Majesty, entitles him to this, as a mark of respect. This most obnoxious measure relative to schools has proceeded, it is to be hoped, rathcr from an error to judgment than from malice — rather from a well meant regard to economy than from an intent to crush the educational institutions of our country. The Legislative Council also, should be appealed to, and requested to place the matter of support to schools on the stable basis of a distinct and in- telligible enactment, which neither the caprice nor the ingenuity of the executive could alter, evade, or explain away. Her Majesty's Government might likewise be called on to afford us redress. The present Secretary of State for the Colonies is a man of enlarged views, and what is better, a man of Christian principles. His crushing exposure of the "thimbleriggery" of the late administration, which must be fresh in the memory of many rea- ders, encourages the belief that Lord Stanley would give speedy redress, where a grievance is so great and so palpable, as it is in the present case. But let not the Colonists of Australia Felix forget that their main source of confidence must be their own efforts, ond the benignant blessing of our God. They can, I apprehend, do more for them- selves than all the Rulers and Governors on earth are ever likely to do for them; and unless they exert themselves for the promotion of their own interests and the interests of their posterity, the doom of our adopted country is sealcd. The cause of knowledge and the cause of freedom will be lost together. The people of this country have yet in a great measure to learn the value of local self- government, and the value of local efforts for local benefits. They still evince too much of a disposi- tion to look to the Government for everything, and to sit down in despair and do nothong, when- ever a Governor or a Government official with- holds his patronising smile. This is not a British feeling, and I rejoice to think it is rapidly dying away. When I compare the tone of public opinion now, with what it was four years ago, the progress of manly and independent sentiment appears quite amazing. At the period alluded lo " the Govern- ment" was spoken of in tones indicative of almost Russian subserviency and veneration. " The People" were scarcely ever heard of. It is better . now, and will, I trust, be still better ere long. This train of observation suggests to the mind the quaestio vexata — " a general system of Educa- tion." I will briefly state my objections to a general system, leaving the initiative and the con- troul to the Government, or a Government Board, without attempting to enlarge upon them. — Any such system would be inefficient. It would not be sufficiently prompt in meeting the wants of our various districts ; it would never come up to the necessities of the community. Applications for schools would be frowned on as pretmature; locality after locality would be told — you are not yet ripe, you are not yet sufficiently far advanced to entitle you to have your children educated, — A general system under Government management must needs be so framed as to please all parties. But in the divided state of our community; this is out of the question : it must either teach all religions, or none. The first idea is absurd, the latter would be scouted with universal indignation. —-Under a general system, directed and regulated by Govern- ment or by a Government Board, there would be no security for the religious principles of teachers. As a matter of course, the examining and appointing body would comprehend men of various shades of religious sentiment. The religious character of candidates for scholastic situations could not well be canvassed by such a body, for no two or its members, perhaps, would entertain the same sen- timents, or hold the same standard even of prac- tice. Every one knows that Governors and Secretaries of State often patronise persons of very questionable habits and principles— they dispense their favors not among those who are best fitted to fill particular situations, but among those who have strongest claims upon themselves. Were a general system of the nature referred to established in the Colony, 1 should expect soon to see a host of superannuated footmen, coachmen, and whippers- in sent out to instruct our interesting youth.— A further objection to a General Government system is, that it must proceed on the principle of cen- tralization— a principle regarded by many wise and good men as fraught with peril to public liberty. The good old Saxon institutions of England were framed very much on the principle of raising local funds for local objects, and entrusting them when raised, to local management. The Scottish school system is organized on the same principle; so also is the Prussian, to a degree that could not have been expected in an unlimited monarchy. It seems, therefore, most desirable that our educa- tional system should be constructed after the same model, and that the initiative in establishing schools, and the management of them when esta- blished, sbould be vested in parties on the spot, and personally interested in the efficiency of the Institutions. All our hopes of the ultimate pros- perity and greatness, of our adopted country, must I firmly believe, rest under God, on its being per- vaded with representative and responsible institu-, tions; on every department whether civil or eccle- siastical ,or mixed, being open to the influence of enlightened public opinion. In short, to give to the Government, either directly or indirectly, the patronage and ordinary management of our schools, would be to invest it with functions which it would not exercise promptly and vigorously for the public 'good, but which it would certainly abuse for pur- poses of state policy, perhaps, for purposes of cor- ruption and intimidation. If these views be correct, it would follow that the best mode in which Government can promote the cause of education is, by encouraging and fostering local efforts, by supplementing but not superseding the contributions of the people. The measure of the advance from the Treasury should be the number of children educated, the degree of benefit conferred ? not as formerly, the amount of money raised in local contributions. It should be so moderate in its amount as simply to support the teachers respectably in conjunction with their receipts from parents and guardians; it should never be so great as to render scboolmasters inde- pendant of the approbation of their constituents, or to pamper them with notions of imaginary con- sequence. Were reasonable encouragement given to the erection of buildings, so that the people could provide a Schoolmaster who did his duty faithfully, and diligently, with a cottage to reside in, £80 might safely be fixed as a maximum for each teacher employed. In small places, I apprehend, £40, or perhaps rather £50, would be required, as soon as the necessity of a school could be proved, and parties interested had provided a place for tuition in the meantime, and subscribed a reason- able sum towards the erection of-a permanent school-house. In such places as Melbourne, I conceive the best standard would be fifteen shil- lings a-year for all children of the laboring classes, calculated not according to the number of days of each child's actual attendance, but according to the numbers on the books at the end of each month, and giving such attendance, that the master had each day reason to expect their presence. This would do away with all room for fraud- a matter of the utmost importance. Under such a system as this, the fees could be fixed so low as to place education within the reach of the poorest in the country ,whilst the contributions of their constituents would form the larger part of the incomes of school- masters, and afford the best practicable security for their diligence and efficiency. The popular nature of these essays renders inexpedient any fur- ther discussion of details: my object is only to suggest general principles for public consideration. This seems to be the place for considering what' degree of control should be exercised by the Go- vernment, and how far it could with advantage interfere in the management of the schools. It is obvious that some measure of influence on the part of Government would be equitable; and I believe it would be highly expedient. One of the greatest anomalies, 1 may say absurdities, in the past course of procedure, was the total absence of any controul or inspection on the part of the Government. No limit was set to the allowance from the Treasury, no limit to the fees levied for tuition. No care was taken that the schools should provide a cheap education for the poor who needed it, and not an unnecessarily cheap education for those in inde- pendent circumstances. Indeed, 1 know no one good effect to the poor produced, in Melbourne at least, by the old system of extravagance. Its most striking result was the furnishing unneces- sarily large incomes to a few lucky individuals. It seems therefore very desirable that the Government should know the amount of fees levied and see that they be not too high: that on whatever prin- ciples a school may professedly be established, it should see these principles fairly carried out, and take care, that whilst full scope is given to religious teaching, it should not be abused for party or sec- tarian purposes. I should also very much desire to see the qualifications of all teachers carefully examined, and a rule laid down and enforced that none should be entrusted with the education of youth unless possessed of the requisite literary qualifications. The Government might also equit- ably and advantageously reserve to itself a negative on all appointments, and the power to withdraw its endowment in cases of flagrant mismanagement. By such provisions a highly beneficial influence would be exercised over the local committees and over the teachers, whilst a spirit of emulation would be excited among committees and teachers which would signally conduce to the general good. Facilities would thus be afforded for extending an acquaintance with every improvement in the art of instruction, which would produce the best effects on the general education of the country. It was remarked in a previous paper that the subject of schoolmasters would require a chapter to itself : a few sentences only, can now be devoted to it. On this head, I would briefly enunciate my views in the words of the late Rev. Dr. A. Thomson, a distinguished clergyman of the Church of Scotland. "The Schoolmaster is everything, said that profound thinker and thorough judge of human nature. It mat- ters but little upon what system a school is established, if there be not a suitable agent to carry it out; and a really zealous and reflecting teacher will do his work successfully, without any particular pre- tensions to system. Indeed, the best teachers are those who proceed on a system of their own — who, having set their own minds to work to devise arrangements, embody the working of their minds in their daily avocations. Men of this stamp are peculiarly desirable in a new country. We cannot at first have all the conveniences that might be desirable; every colonist has to accommodate himself to his circumstances ; and colonial peda- gogues cannot expect to be exempt from the general lot. Nothing is more vexing to those concerned in the superintendence of schools, than to have teachers incapable of striking out light and laying down rules for themselves, in accom- modation to the necessities of their position, and the means of their employers. An ingenious, pains-taking, willing individual can always over- come many disadvantages of limited accommoda- tions, and such like, which must be expected in the infancy of our scholastic institutions. Dr. Thomson's aphorism is peculiarly applicable to religious instruction. Here, indeed, the school- master is everything. A good man — himself deeply impressed with religious convictions, with a heart touched by the power of divine truth— will never fail to convey a portion of his own spirit to his pupils. With the Bible in his hand, he will soon convey to the young mind an acquaintance with the general principles of divine truth, and he will render interesting to his charge that blessed volume which affords comfort and peace to his own mind. With such teachers, if we could be secure of having them, I should regard the use of cate- chisms as by no means exxx, xxxss in such hands that they exhibit their chief value. We cannot, however, have any such security. Catechisms are thus useful as presenting important truths in a brief space and simple form, and are often, when used judiciously as subordinate guides, valuable helps to thought, and stimulants to the study of Scripture, and the comparison of its various passages. This suggests the mention of what 1 regard as the chief objection to the British and Foreign System, if presented as the general system for this country, under the manage- ment of a Government Board. By such a direc- tion, there would be no proper care taken to secure teachers of right principles; in all probability, persons ignorant of the Bible, and averse to its restraints, would be found as instructors. In these schpools, the Bible might be read, indeed, in compliance with prescribed rules; but it would be read so hastily, so carelessly, and so inattentively, that no sense of its value might be induced, no respect excited for its announcements. Children would take it up and lay it aside, with as much in- difference as they would any other book. But in the hands of good men— in the hands of men knowing, and reverencing, and loving the word of God- I doubt not the British and Foreign System might work well. The schools in England, con- nected with the various dissenting congregations- for it is by dissenters "the British and Foreign" schools are generally supported — are, I have no doubt, conducted by good men: they are under congregational committees — committees composed of men anxious for the godly upbringing of youth, anxious for the salvation of precious souls. Under such auspices, I should have no fear of its results in this colony; but such auspices would not be those of a board under the direction of any Aus- tralian Government, or of any Government that we of this generation can hope to see. I have now endeavoured to treat the subject of Education in most of its important aspects, so far as relates to the instruction the children of the poor. I will not trespass much longer on the patience of the public; 1 would only crave per- mission briefly to recapitulate the lending points I have attempted to establish.— Education to be really beneficial to the community, by promoting public happiness and public virtue, must embrace religious instruction,— instruction in the way of salvation by Jesus Christ — in man's relation to God— his duties to his Creator, his Redeemer, and his fellow creatures. It must be based on the Bible, as a revelation insipired by the Holy Ghost, and the ultimate standard of faith and duty. The education of the mass of the people cannot be provided for in this country, or in any other, without some public aid. The government mus. assist in the work, otherwise it will not be execu- ted. I have endeavoured to show that the best aid the government can give, would be aid to local efforts, leaving the initiative and also the ordinary management, to the people. This will relieve it from the hopeless task of attempting to comprehend all parties and denominations in a scheme intended to please all. It will give no particular party any ground of complaint, by giving to all a certain measure of aid, on terms well defined and easily understood. This is the only course that can exclude religious dissension in a community like ours. ln no country have all parties been found to coalesce and amalgamate in matters of education. Even in Prussia, under the rule of an absolute monarch, separate schools for Romanists and Pro- testants have been found necessary. If two par- ties so diverse in sentiment are to unite, it must be on a basis that affords no room for religious in- struction through the medium of the Bible; and God forbid that Protestants should ever for a moment surrender that. But if those who can unite consistently , will only unite vigorously and cordially, and if the government will only give a moderate degree of assistance supplementary to local efforts, an immense amount of good might be effected. Would they give us only fifteen shillings for each child, I would undertake, by God's help, to supply the wants of Melbourne and Collingwood within a twelvemonth, and lay the foundation of an institute, whence would emanate a moral influence, which, in course of time, would more than compensate the government, by a re- duction in the expense of its police, in the expense of| capturing, trying and punishing criminals— an institute that would promote, at once, the stability of the government, and the happiness of the people. JAMES FORBES. 