Domestic Intelligence. Court of Requests. — So many com- plaints are made of the manner in which the business of the Registry of this Court is conducted under the new regime, that we shall take occasion to enquire into the va- rious imputations upon the parties con- cerned ; and, should they be well- founded, apply a cauterising remedy to the intoler- ant disease. We would recommend, in the interim, our correspondents to make known their grievances to the head of that depart- ment. PORT PHILLIP REVENUE.— The following is an abstract of the revenues of Port Phillip for the year 1840 and 41, and is the first authenticated account received and published in this district. We copy from the Government Gazette of the 1st of Febru- ary :— \- |l!|fl!i|li!llfl|lf|i - - . IE-S lea =>S o \- 65 : : ''of " : : ' i || »g-?IS 1?Il2 |2, . " %' "' fg'sl' El!5 ' k 1 0 o 2 S " . 6... S r, 1 " OK i-ss -= ««is 1 gsItf38E; ; C; KM SSSSSSS || VJUOOCMUOD O O UODCOttttP-, 2-1 _l . . 1 r «. UC.OU- O. OO. OO0.MO-OO»«.p.j pjj The Rev. Mr. Grylls, we are happy to announce, has reached Port Phillip by the Himmalaya, from England. The long pas- sage experienced by the commander, has been against the Rev. Pastor's earlier ar- rival. The pleasure imparted to his early congregation, must in some measure be dashed by the anticipated separation or interests, unless Bishop Broughton can be persuaded to do tardy justice by the re- moval of the Rev. Mr. Thomson, and the restoration of the Rev. Mr. Grylls. The promise held out to this minister of the reversion of his former living, although un- ceremoniously broken, will not be so easily forgiven by his parishioners, numbers of whom paid their subscriptions to St. James's Church on this express under- standing. Until his disposal can be de- finitely settled by direct communication with the Bishop, the Rev. Mr. Grylls will reside in Melbourne, in the immediate vi- cinity of which he has taken the house lately occupied by Captain Roach, for the accommodation of his lady and family. A congratulatory address on the occasion of his return, containing a strongly expressed wish that he should not be removed, lies for signature at Holmes's Library. The Hon. Dundas Murray left for Van Diemen's Land on the 10th ultimo, with a view of proceeding from Launceston to England. He was accompanied as far as that port by his brother, the Hon. James Erskine Murray, both having taken their passage by the steamer Corsair, from Mel- bourne. The Hon. Dundas Murray, in going home for the purpose of arranging some domestic affairs, preparatory to a quick return and long residence in Port Phillip, will give to the world a small pub- lication relative to the advantages pos- sessed by this district as a field for immi- gration. As Mr. Murray was employed for some weeks previous to his departure visiting various parts of the most distant country, his descriptions will embrace every kind of local manners, and be impressed with pictures of real life and actual expe- rience. Culture of the Vine. — In the season of 1841 attention was drawn to the culture of the vine in this province, and the small but well attended vineyard of Mr. Craig of Melbourne taken as an example of this profitable department of agriculture. Ano- ther season has arrived, and the success of the same gentleman affords a similar oppor- tunity for recurring to the subject. Mr. Craig commenced his vineyard in 1838 ; the plants, therefore, have now arrived at their fourth season, their fertility and healthiness proving equally the skill of the proprietor and the character of the vines. All the superior varieties, we understand, are pro- duced from vines introduced and grown by Mr. Busby of the middle district, to whose exertions indeed the colony is chiefly in- debted for its increase in this land. Of the specimens which have been forwarded for examination are several which require particular notice :— 1. The Black Frontinac, presenting bunches from seven to eleven inches in length of marble-shaped fruit, compactly placed, and running from a dingy purple to a colourless hue, according to the state of the berry. 2. The Black Hambro', bunches larger in girth than the former, the berries of a dark colour, almost ap- proaching to black, but tinted in some specimens with a flush of lighter shade ; the berries are larger, more detached from each other and the stem than in the black frontinac ; this grape is usually a good bearer, but has suffered this season from blight. 3. The Chasselas and the Parsley- leaf, which is also of the same species, but distinguished, as indicated by the name, by the form of its leaf, grow in long bunches,and are semi-transparent in the fruit ; both of these are good bearers, of a hardy nature, and have answered well. 4. The Purple Alexandria bears fruit large, fleshy, and of the true bright purple colour that should characterise the grape ; its flavour is very fine ; this specimen stands the climate well, but is a shy bearer. There is another purple grape, very similar to the Purple Alexan- dria, but of which the name is lost ; it is one of Busby's introduction ; it bears more freely than the former, ripens late, and at unequal periods. 5. The White Frontinac, a hardy sort, but one that has not carried much fruit this year 6. The White Mus- catel, also a hardy bearer ; it is scarcely known to suffer from blight, and carries a fair proportion of fruit. 7. The Sweet Water, remarkable for its long straggling branches, bears fruit of a greenish tint, is a good bearer, but ripens late ; it grows vigorously, and bears well, but has not a delicate flavour ; this vine forms an excellent stock on which to graft other and superior sorts. 8. The North American wild grape bears fruit resembling much the small English sloe ; its beautiful leaf gives it the name of the fig-leaf vine ; it is rather a shy bearer, and of a peculiar flavour. Persons wishing to cultivate would, according to Mr. Craig's recommendation, do well to obtain " Busby's Manual," which may be had in Sydney, if not in Melbourne. Cut- tings should be planted in June and July, in ground previously prepared by trenching two or three spits deep ; the distance at which the vines are placed apart must be determined by the richness of the soil ; if planted too close at first it is easy to thin them in after years by removing every other plant or every other row. Plant to all aspects except the quarter from which the hot winds come. A Mother's Offering.— A copy of a little work, the production of a lady resi- dent in Sydney, entitled, " A Mother's Offering," and intended for the use of chil- dren, was forwarded to this office by the Seahorse. Its chief merit is, that it is the first attempt to write in the colony a work for children similar to those which in Eng- land are now looked upon with so much respect, as conducive to the cause of infant education. Its contents are in the shape of dialogues, and are well and easily sup- ported between the mother and her family of boys and girls. Some natural pheno- mena peculiar to the colony are explained, and a lively description of several ship- wrecks which have happened on the Aus- tralian coast are detailed in an interesting style. The Sick Camp at Williams Town. — On the arrival of the Manlius she was put into quarantine, having had sickness to an alarming extent on board among the immi- grants. Upon the report of the Board of Inspection, two of whose members, Doctors Patterson and Cussen, are medical men, the passengers were landed at Williams Town, and lodged in tents pitched in the vicinity of Gellibrand's Point. It was at first sup- posed that the disease had so far lost its virulence as to leave no fear of contagion. Since their landing, however, several that were previously healthy have taken the disease, and so alarming appears to be the state of the camp that all communication with its inmates has been cut off. A woman, otherwise in good health, left the tents to get water from the sea, and was found, when her absence excited alarm, in a state of convulsion lying among the rocks. The surgeon of the vessel, who was continuing his charge on shore, has been disabled by the disease ; and Dr. Watson, who was ap- pointed to a similar charge on a former occasion, has been sent down as superin- tendent of the camp. The Immigrant Barracks, for which a sum was appropriated on the estimates for this year, should be immediately com- menced. For some time the unemployed laborers were lodged in Melbourne under tents, but the greater exigency of the sick camp obliged the removal of these places of refuge to Williams Town ; and we are credibly informed that upwards of one hun- dred unfortunate creatures, comprising a large proportion of women and children, destitute of all other shelter, have been lying down beside their fires in the open night air. Indeed this should not be al- lowed, it casts discredit upon the govern- ment, and does incalculable injury to the district. Just now the laborers are greater in number than will be immediately hired ; but if supported for a few months all will obtain advantageous employment. From the number of government works to be provided, indeed, we cannot see a better opportunity both of putting into the hands of the immigrants the means of obtaining bread, and at the same time of advancing the requisitions of the district. Church on the Darebin.— An adver- tisement in this paper announced some time past the opening of a house on the Darebin rivulet as a place of worship, since which Major Webb, a neighbouring settler, has been in the habit of performing divine ser- vice on every Sabbath that his personal attendance was possible. It is satisfactory to reflect that among the populous and wealthy parishes near Melbourne the resi- dents on this rivulet should have been foremost in completing such an object as the attainment, by public subscription, of a place for congregational worship. The church has been built on Mr. McLean's property, near the crossing place at the estate of S. J. Brown, and is in the vicinity of the properties of Messrs. Cooper, Brown, McLean, Neale Campbell, Milner, Maunsell, Arden, Keith, Serjeantson, and others, who have all assisted in its erection. Release of Prisoners. — When the Go- vernor was on his late visit to Melbourne His Excellency placed in the hands of the Superintendent the power to remit the punishment of confinement on persons fined in the lower courts. This prerogative His Honor has been pleased to exercise on several occasions, and especially since the crowded state of the gaol rendered it neces- sary for the health of the prisoners to re- move a certain number. The Superinten- dent visited the house of correction in person on Wednesday last, when thirteen received, on the certificate of the governor of the gaol for good conduct, a remission of their sentence. Among the liberated was Hodge; the nominal proprietor of the pa- vilion, late the scene of the amateur the- atricals. A New Paper, to be styled the Melbourne Chronicle, will shortly, we believe, be pro- duced from a fourth printing establishment to be founded here under the auspices of Mr. John Stephen. This gentleman, who from his connection with the Gazette, as assistant editor of that journal, has earned a high station among the literary characters of the district, has had this object for some time in contemplation. The receipt of the material shortly expected from Sydney will enable him at once to commence his under- taking. Contempt of Court. — While examining a number of law authorities to discover a precedent for the mode enforced by the Resident Judge in punishing the alleged contempt of court against Mr. Arden, we were helped to the following case by a gentleman within whose experience the case occurred : — Judge ——, of Bom- bay, who from the contrast he presented in temper to his brother Judges was usually likened to " the wild Elephant between two tame ones," charged Mr. Solicitor Norton with having so far forgotten the respect due to the majesty of his office as intentionally to run his carriage against that which conveyed the representative of judicial sovereignty. Mr. Norton was summoned to appear and answer to an application for attachment, which was received by the court and bar with that "unextinguishable laughter" which charac- terised the pleasantry of Homer's gods. Judge ——, however, undertook for the instruction of the bystanders, whose indecency he lamented, to expound the meaning of the statute under which he acted, and proceeded summarily to inflict the fine of ten.pounds to the Queen on the offending individual, which fine was as sum- marily remitted by Lieutenant Governor Sir Charles Grant, and a reprimand con- veyed to the testy, weak-minded official. NATIVE POLICE. — Mr. Dana, lately holding the commission of Lieutenant in her Ma- jesty's army has received instructions, through the local government, to organise a corps of native police. The system en- tirely meets our approbation ; it will cer- tainly prove a good way of employing na- tive adults, and may become advantageous to the colonists. So early as 1837 a police force was raised and accoutred, under the command of Mr. De Villiers, whose expe- rience, as an officer of the Cape Hottentot Corps, fitted him for training these natural recruits. Specimens of that corps were not only creditable to the management of their officer, but in soldierly dress and bearing were in appearance strikingly similar to the Indian sipahi (sepoy.) They did not seem averse to the discipline, nor was it difficult to make them attentive to their clothes and arms ; but not being under di- rect restraint, they often went away with- out notice to join their tribes on particular occasions connected with superstitious rites ; the toil, too, of pursuit, when called after escaped prisoners, easily worsted them. Much of these difficuties will now be re- moved ; the whole corps will be mounted, and, after a fair trial, each will be re- quired to enter into and to keep an engage- ment. Mr. Dana has been allowed to se- lect out of the Yarra Yarra tribe, now nearly extinct, twelve men most suited to the undertaking. Some are remarkably intelligent — many have long been in com- munication with Europeans — and all can talk so much English, as to render it un- necessary for the officer to acquire the na- tive tongue before joining the force. Mr. Dana has been appointed on a salary of £120 a-year, with the prospect or being confirmed to the post with a higher salary, should he succeed in the task committed to his care and sagacity. The Superintendent and Chief Protector are both sanguine of its success. TEETOTAL SOCIETY. — A laudable attempt has been made to establish a Total-Absti- nence Society in Melbourne ; but hitherto the undertaking seems rather to have given rise to opportunities for argumentative dis- play than any course of practical applica- tion. The principal opposition which its supporters have met has originated with the members of the Temperance, or Partial- Abstinence Society ; but the ground of their objections appears akin to the finesse of splitting straws. It is very clear that if stimulants of any kind are injurious, all should alike be abandoned ; and in what degree a vow to abstain from spirits will prevent excess in wine and beer is extremely questionable. If the oath is necessary with some to constrain them from licen- tiousness in one branch of intemperance, its application in another may fairly be deemed requisite. The pledge, in short, is a simple bond which may preserve a mind, otherwise deficient in moral strength, and which must be equally efficacious in pre- venting excess in partial as in total indul- gence. One may take a vow of abstinence from spirituous liquors, but find himself daily tempted by the charms of wine and malt ; he may even renounce the taste of all fermented liquors, and consume tobacco until he may fall into a consumption him- self. The pledge, therefore, to effect the utmost amount of good, should embrace the largest meaning, leaving the modifica- tions of it to be embraced by those who affect to fear only the possibility of getting drunk upon spirits. THE MURDER ON THE DANDENONG ROAD. George Navin, of whose murder we took notice in our last, was a servant in the em- ploy of Mr. Scott, whose station lies on the road between Melbourne and the district of Dandenong. The body was found lying on the road, bearing evident marks of strangulation, on the morning of Tuesday, the 22nd instant ; he had been drinking in Melbourne the previous evening, with a man in whose company he left town and crossed the punt on the river in his way homeward. Suspicion, of course, attaches to this fellow, especially as he has not since made his appearance. On Saturday night Mr. Brodie, Chief Constable, obtained some clue of him, but at such a distance that it was feared all pursuit would be useless. On Wednesday, the 23rd, Mr. Coroner Wilmot held an inquest on the body, which after considerable inquiry was postponed to Monday last, when a verdict was returned of wilful murder against some person unknown. Death of Captain Beers. — At five o'clock on Monday morning Captain Beers was seized with an apoplectic fit. Drs. Wilmot and Cussen were immediately called in, and attended at his bedside until ten, when he passed away in a state of insensibility. Captain Beers had only lately arrived with a detachment of the 80th regiment, as military commandant at Port Phillip. The deceased had been subject to fits of epilepsy, none of which, however, seemed to indicate so serious a termination. He was a mar- ried man, and has died at an early age. The Boy Forbes. — Letters have been re- ceived in Sydney from the boy Forbes, who was rescued from the Island of Timor Laut in 1839, thanking the liberal public of Sydney, who so handsomely subscribed and payed his passage to England ; and gave him £42 in his pocket, which sum was added to money subscribed in England and placed in the Sinking Fund, from which he receives nine shillings per week during his life. Depasturing Licenses. — It having been brought under the notice of the Governor, that considerable arrears are due to the government, on account of depasturing licenses and the assessment on stock, au- thorized by the Act of Council, 2 Victoria, No. 27, His Excellency directs it to be no- tified, for general information, that the re- spective commissioners will be instructed not to renew the license of any person who fail to pay what he is indebted to the go- vernment before the next licensing day ; and the Colonial Treasurer has been directed to issue no license to any person who may be in arrears for either license or assess- ment. — Government Gazette. MELBOURNE MARCH MEETING. In order to do justice to the importance of the Melbourne Races, a larger space than the mere limits of a column will allow, should be appropriated to their relation. On Saturday we shall review the whole proceedings of this annual festival in the wider proportions of a supplement ; to-day we confine the measure of our discursive pen to a notice of the FIRST DAY. For a month previous to the event which we record, Messrs. Godolphin Arundel, and William Ryrie, the stewards appointed by the Turf Club, under whose authority the meeting took place, have been making the most liberal preparations. The race course, which was used last year, situated on the banks of the Salt Water River, was again brought into requisition—the ground was properly prepared—the run marked out and rolled —the posts removed, and a fence put up to defend the run in — the revenues, which nothwithstanding the commercial depression fully equal the re- ceipts of last year, have been more judi- ciously expended, and an arrangement made for the admission of booths on the course, which is an improvement on the former method. As the system adopted by the Turf Club has been grossly misrepresented a few words in explanation will not be lost; when the local publicans applied to the bench for the usual license to retail liquors on the course during the continuance of the races, Major St. John, the police magistrate, very courteously allowed the recommendation of the committee to de- cide upon their merits. This body, in order to equalize the advantages to each side, determined that only those parties who were subscribers to the amount of ten pounds to the fund of the Turf Club should be eligible. The very handsome support received from the publi- cans called for a general indulgence, but as some of the fraternity had given donations to a large amount, it was only fair to allow them a preference; taking into account the exigency of the times, it was at length adjudged that the sum of ten pounds might be settled as the average of any publican's ability to forward the general object of the meeting, and that therefore was fixed as the general standard by which to grant a license. The consequence is, that the num- ber of booths with their arrangements has been superior to any previous display. The first day was unhappily most ill-suited to the occasion — a hot wind set in at an early hour, and although deprived — owing to the lateness of the season, of much of the usual fierceness of our Australian Simooms, it could not but have a sensible effect on the violent exertions of the horses, the excited motions of the men. The heat and dust prevented the appearance of the usual number of carriages, and of course of that fashionable attendance of ladies, to which we must admit the attractions of the féte owe half their grace. At the hour for starting we may guess the numbers to have been at least three thou- sand, the mounted portion of which shewed appointments in horses and persons of a decidedly good character. The style of hacks has evidently improved since the price of horseflesh got a fall, while the lags or snobs are not quite so abundant or so flash. Betting and drinking even kept within more moderate bounds, and from general appearances we are at liberty to augur that people came with more rational views, and with better chances of real en- joyment. At half-past twelve the judges having taken up their position, the jockeys and horses were stripped, the contenders brought to the starting post, and the fol- lowing were found to be candidates for the first race : — TOWN PLATE. Three years, 8 stone ; four years, 8 stone 10 lbs. ; 5 years, 9 stone 4 lbs. ; 6 and aged 9 stone 10 lbs. ; 3 lbs. allowed to mares and geldings. Fifty Sovereigns, added to a Sweepstakes of 10 Sovereigns each P. P. Mr. Lamb's g. h. Plenipo ........1 1 Mr. Hunter's b. g. Speculator ...... 2 2 Mr. Clarke's b. h. Tallyho ........ 3 3 lst heat. Betting, 2 and 3 to 1 on Ple- nipo, 2 to 1 against Speculator, 10 to 1 against Tallyho. Plenipo, who was the favorite from his known stoutness, jumped off with the lead, which he coutinued un- til they reached the grand stand the first time, the other two well up ; here Specula- tor came to his lead, and forced the run- ning at an increased pace to the one mile- post from home, when Plenipo set to in earnest, and carried on the running at a tremendous pace to the last turn, where he had increased his lead to four lengths. Here Tallyho, for whom the pace had proved a sickener, got his quietus; and Specula- tor, (to the very great astonishment of the knowing ones, who fancied he could not live the distance) ran up to the grey and challenged him just upon the rails; where he looked for a moment very like a winner; but on the old horse being called upon, he came out gallantly, shook off the gelding, and won tolerably well by a neck. The 2d heat. 9 to 1 and 19 to 2 on Plenipo. Speculator went off at score; as if determined to break down the grey by the severity of the pace, and after going about a hundred yards, the pair collared each other and a beautiful race ensued, both going at a pace suited for a two year old. In passing the grand stand the first round, neither seemed to have the advan- tage, although several fancied Speculator was slightly overpaced, thus continued the struggle to the first turn after the winning post, when Plenipo went away from his competitor, here the race may virtually said to have been decided, not having the ghost of a chance with him, his jockey sitting quietly in pulling him up at the rails, he had encreased his lead to a hundred yards, and on Speculator's arriving at the distance he was pulled up, the old horse cantering in by himself. Tallyho, against whom the pace and extra weight told from the start, having saved his distance, his condition ap- peared to resemble a prize rather than a race horse, but we doubt whether any training could have enabled him to live the pace. The next race upon the cards was the Ladies' Purse of 30 Sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 5 Sovereigns, p. p., three years, 10 stone; four years, 10 stone 12 lbs.; five years, ll stone 7 lbs. ; six and aged, 12 stone; 3 lbs. allowed to mares and geldings ; 3 miles ; gentlemen riders. Mr. Hunter's br. g. Flying Shingler, by Emi- grant, six years (Owner) . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 Mr. Powlett's bl. g. Conrad, four years (Mr. Hunter) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 Mr. Lamb's g. h. Plenipo, aged (Mr. Moss) 3 Mr. Homes's b. h. Whisker, aged (Mr. S. A. C. Hunter) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dis. This race was decidedly the race of the day; much money having been laid out upon it. We can hardly give any quota- tion of the betting during the last fortnight; which may safely be said to have been very wild; but at starting it had settled down to even on Plenipo; 3 to 2 and 2 to 1 on Shingler, with but few taken; 5 to 2 on Whisker, taken freely by a certain party ; 6 to 1 on Conrad. Whisker and Plenipo went away with the lead at a moderate pace to the first turn, where the Grey took up the running, Shingler lying well up; they continued in this order to the half mile post, when Whisker cut it, and Conrad took his place. On coming into the strait running, the first time round, the Grey had a slight lead. Shingler and Conrad being about a length behind, when he returned to the rails, and the pair run up to his head and accompa- nied him past the grand stand to the one mile stone from home, where Shingler took the lead, Conrad also taking second place. In this order they continued to the last turn, when the pair singled themselves and ran a most interesting race home, each al- ternately having the advantage to the rails, where Conrad looked amazingly well; offers of 21 to 1 on him, went a begging, with few taken ; but Mr. A. Hunter was yet to be beat, calling upon his horse he challenged Conrad, ran with him head to head, (not- withstanding Mr. T. Hunter made one of his desperate rushes just on the post); this was a fast and true run race, won by half a neck. Whisker was pulled up after the first round ; indeed owing to his very inferior condition, from want of proper training, he never should have come to the post. Third race, the Maiden Plate, of 25 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each; for all horses that have never won any racing plate, prize, or sweepstakes (matches ex- cepted) ; Town Plate weights ; heats one mile and a distance. Mr. T. D. Snodgrass's g. m. Baroness, by Romeo, six years (Heney) . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 1 Mr. Ewart's br. h. Prince Albert, four years 4 2 Mr. Hunter's b. m. Medora, six years .... 2 3 Mr. Walton's b. g. Mazzaroni, three years . . 3 4 Mr. Gardiner's b. h. Goldfinder, three years dis. Betting — 2 to 1 on the Prince, 2 to 1 on Baroness, one party laid 5 to 1 two or three times just at the start, 5 to 1 on Medora, 6 and 7 to 1 on Goldfinder. Mazzaroni made play from the post as if about to cut down the lot to the half-mile post, when Medora and Baroness joined company ; in coming into the line street Baroness went clean away from the neck, Heney holding her head, to the distance, where he let her go and won just as he pleased by half a dozen lengths ; Goldfinder second, but the latter having gone in the inside of a post was declared distanced. Second heat betting even 5 to 4 on Baroness ; her ladyship went away at a splitting pace, closely followed by Medora to the last turn, when Prince Albert endeavoured to get to her head, but failed, and Heney set to with her; was never after headed, and won in a canter by ten lengths. This mare has proved herself decidedly the fastest and stoutest in the colony, as she has been running in the bush till within the last three weeks, having been turned out in miserable condition, indeed had she been entered for the Town Plate, we opine that that prize would have found its way into the stables of the spirited proprietor, who has always been most strenuous in his exertions to promote every sporting amusement, in which he has followed closely in the footsteps of his father Colonel Snodgrass, whose name is well known in every sporting circle, He was offered a large sum for her after the race. Scurry stakes of 2 sovs. each, 20 sovs. added, last horse to pay second horse's stake ; catch weights ; gentlemen riders ; the winner to be sold for 180 sovs., if de- manded within half an hour after the race. Mr. Arundell's br. g. Camden, aged (black) Mr. Hughes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 Mr. Hunter's gr. g. Mamaluke, aged, (green and white sleeves, green cap,) Mr. Hunter 2 Mr. T. D. Snodgrass's g. m. Baroness, 6 yrs. (blue,) Mr. H. Fowler) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 Mr. Purves's b. m. Coleo, 5 yrs. (black body, white sleeves and cap.) owner . . . . . . . . . . 4 Mr. Lamb's b. g. Stepper, aged, (green and gold,) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 Mr. Ewart's b. g. Peacock, aged, (tartan and blue,) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 