THE FIRST MEETING OF THE COM- MON COUNCILLORS. Yesterday, at three o'clock, a preliminary meeting of this body took place in one of the large rooms of the Royal Hotel: present, Messrs. Chapman, Jones, Egan, and Peacock, from Gipps ward; Messrs. Fawley, Mitchell, and Jones, from Cook's ward ; Messrs. Hill, Holt, Macdermott, and Broughton, from Macquarie ward ; Messrs. Flood, Wiltshire, Neale, and Taylor,from Phillip ward; Messrs. Hosking, Foss, Allen, and Owen, from Bourke ward, and Messrs. Holden, Little, Smitlundke and Hunt from Brisbane ward. A reporter from the Sydney Herald office having made application to be admitted for the purpose of reporting the proceedings, this was the first subject brought under consideration, when it was decided that as the meeting was purely of a private character, and preparatory to the holding of the preliminary meeting, which takes place on Monday, admission was refused, but at the same time, it was intimated, that as soon as the council had been organized, every facility would be afforded to the gentleman of the press. After the liberty of the press had been disposed of the question of Mayor and Aldermen were brought under consideration, but nothing definite transpired. There is, how- ever, good reasons for believing, that some of the Aldermen will be selected from the city, and some from the Common Council. Several other topics of a Subordinate character were afterwards bought forward, and were to a certain extent discussed. The Council appear to be very much non-plussed for a place to meet in. In the meantime it has been suggested, that as the Council Chambers are partly unoccupied, that the gentlemen might be accommodated there without expense, and, at the same time, with advantage to the public . Village of St. Kilda.-A site has been fixed upon for a village, at St. Kilda, in the County of Bourke, on the sea Coast, about three miles from North Melbourne, and a mile eastward from the present landing place at the beach. A copy of the approved plan can be seen at the office of the Surveyor General in Sydney, or at the Survey Office in Melbourne. Gratitude.--A female named Mary Hyland was brought before the Police Court yesterday, upon the charge of stealing a blanket, the property of a Mrs. Kelly, residing in Gloucester-street, by whose evidence it appeared that the prisoner, having quarrelled with her husband, had applied to the prosecutrix for a night's lodging, on the plea that she was afraid to go home ; moved by the pitiful tale the prosecutrix had granted her request, and had not only furnished her with sleeping accommodation for the night, but had added thereto a good and substantial breakfast and a glass of rum, on the following day. After the two friends had disposed the the rum, the prosecutrix went out for the purpose of buying something for dinner, leaving the prisoner in charge of the place until her return, but when she came back she not only found that her guest had deserted her post, but discovered that she had been ungrateful enough to take with her a blanket very little the worse for wear, and sundry articles of children's clothing. Fired with rage she immediately sought out the delinquent, and having at length succeeded in finding her, she taxed her with the theft, and demanded the restitution of the property, but received nothing but abuse in return, in consequence of which she immediately gave the defendant in charge. The bench after hearing the above evidence remanded the prisoner until this morning for further examination. COURT OF CLAIMS. - NOTICE OF HEARINGS. - The Commissioners will investigate the fol- lowing claims to lands and town allotments, on Wednesday, the 23rd November, and following days, at eleven o'clock:-1141. Edye Manning, of Sydney, merchant. 1142. George Hill, of Albion-street, Surry Hills. 1143\. Solomon Phillips, of Parramatta, dealer ; solicitor, C. B. Lyons. 1144. William Graham, of Shoalhaven. 1115. Michael Byrne, of Campbelltown, an infant ; solicitor, John Ogle. 1146. Edward Kerswill, of Sydney, shipwright; solicitors, Minithorpe and Gurner. 1147. Benjamin Lee, of Paterson, settler. 1148. -Cohen, of-. 1149; William Peisley, of Parramatta, butcher; solicitor, C. B.Lyons.1150. Gregory Howe and Thomas Patrick Fitzsimons, both of Parramatta; solicitor, A. Hayward. 1151. Charles Bones, of Sydney, brewer 1152. George Sutter, of Baulkham Hills, settler; solicitor, A. Hayward. The cases that were postponed at the last sitting will also be heard at the present one. Accidental Death.--We perceive by the Hobart Town papers that Robert Raine, who was convicted of forgery at the late criminal sessions, and most unaccountably pardoned upon condition of his leaving the colony, was drowned in the Derwent river about a fort- night since. From the evidence given on the inquest of a son of Captain Kelly, an old colonist of Van Diemen's Land, it appeared, that Mr. Kelly, Raine, and two men were proceeding to a farm of Captain Kelly's on Brune Island; when opposite to Brown's River, the sail (a lug), was caught aback, and instantly upset the boat. Raine sunk immediately ; the other three hung on the keel of the boat for three hours, exposed to the most bitter cold, and immersed in water. They were not discovered until they had drifted opposite Mr. Lucas's, the pilot station. Young Mr. Kelly, who was a youth of very high spirit, exhibited no fear ; but, after some time, he was seized with cramp, and just before Mr. Lucas, who had hastened to their relief the moment he discovered them, reached the spot, Mr. Kelly became insensible, and would have sunk had he not been supported by one of the men. Mr. Lucas stripped off all his clothes, in which he wrapped Mr. Kelly, having first removed his wet clothes. He reached the shore before life was extinct, but notwithstanding every remedial means with which Mr. Lucas and his family were acquainted, he died soon afterwards. The two men, although greatly exhausted, and injured with bruises, soon recovered. Accident. - Yesterday morning, as Mr. Porter, of Brickfield Hill, was riding near the excavation at Grose Farm Hill, at the same time that the mail was passing in a contrary direction, the mare upon which he rode, being a very high spirited animal, became alarmed, and plunged with so much violence and suddenness as to throw him upon the ground, immediately in the track of the ve- hicle, one of the wheels of which passed over his leg, but was prevented from doing him any further injury, by the presence of mind of the driver, who pulled up with so much strength as checked effectually their further progress. Fortunately, Mr. Porter has sus- tained but little injury from the accident, but had it not been for the before-mentioned dex- terity of the coachman, there is every reason to fear that the result would have been a fatal one, as in another second the hind wheel of the vehicle would have passed over his head. Assault.--About two o'clock yesterday, while Mr. S. Lyons was conversing in Pitt- street with Mr. Want, the solicitor, and his two brothers, Mr. Joseph Walford, the wine and spirit merchant, of George-street, in company with Mr. Daniel Egan and Mr. Watson, the Harbour Master, came up, and Mr. Walford immediately commenced using abusive and threatening language of such a nature as to cause Mr. Lyons to have recourse to the police. On his affidavit a warrant was imme- diately issued, and Mr. Walford was forth- with apprehended, and (we believe with his own consent) was bound over to keep the peace for twelve months. Injuring a Fence.--A man named Michael White, was charged at the Police Court yes- terday, with stealing a fencing rail, the pro- perty of Sir James Dowling, having been ap- prehended on the previous day upon a war- rant obtained against him for that offence by John Hayes, Sir James's overseer. By the evidence of the latter it appeared, that he had seen the prisoner takeaway the rail in ques- tion from a three-rail fence ; but from the nature of the prisoner's defence, and the good character which he had previously borne, the Bench were of opinion that he had taken the rail in question rather from a mistake than from any felonious intention, and merely sen- tenced him to pay a fine of five shillings for damaging the fence. Charge of Perjury.-Messrs. Brenan and Myles were occupied for a considerable time yesterday in investigating a charge of per- jury, preferred by a person named Living- stone, against inspector Nugent of the Sydney police. This case arose out of a previous charge, which had been brought by Mr. Nugent against Livingstone, whom he then accused of having assaulted him (Nugent) in the execution of his duty, by having seized him by the breast. This charge, for some reason, which in the investigation of yes- terday did not appear, was dismissed. And the present proceedings were instituted on the ground that no assault had in point of fact been committed, and that besides this mis- statement, Mr. Nugent had also been guilty of perjury in having stated that no one was present at the occurrence, whereas, in truth and in fact, a Mrs. Forsyth was present during the whole of the time. Mr. Rogers appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. G. R. Nichols for the defence, the former of whom called three Witnesses, Mr. Living- stone, Mrs. Forsyth, and Mr. Bloomfield, in support of the charge. The two former wit- nesses swore positively that no assault was committed; but there was no positive proof of the second allegation, that Mr. Nugent had sworn that Mrs. Forsyth was not present, and in addition to this, the testimony both of Livingstone and Bloomfield was in several respects both weak and irregular. After the case for the prosecution had been closed, Mr. Nichols remarked, that he was quite pre- pared to leave the case to the judgment of the Court upon the facts only ; but there was a legal objection to the information which, in the discharge of his own duty as an advocate, he felt bound to urge upon the notice of the Court, namely, that the Magistrate who tried the case but of which this charge had arisen was not in a condition to adjudicate in it, and therefore the statements of Mr. Nugent could not be material to the issue, for as the charge was one of assault, it could only be brought before a Court by means of a regular informa- tion, which to this instance had not been the case. Mr. Rogers replied to this Objection by urging that the Bench could not take advantage of its own irregularity to dismiss the charge, but the Court remarked that for all that had been shown to the contrary, the Magistrate who heard and dismissed the case might have done so on the very ground of its having been irregularly brought before him. In order therefore that the matter might be properly considered, it was deter- mined to adjourn the case until twelve o'clock on Monday, and a second information against Serjeant Adams, of the Sydney Police, arising out of the same transaction, was also post- poned, till the same time: We do not think it advisable at this stage of the proceedings to go more fully into the particulars. Riotous Conduct.--About eleven o'clock on Thursday night, a mob, amounting to up- wards of one hundred persons, assembled in the front of Mr. Lyons's house, in George- street, and behaved in the most riotous and disorderly manner; knocking at the door, pelting the house with Stones, and using threatening and bad language. The reason for this conduct was stated to be, that Mr. Lyons had affronted them by his conduct at the election. A couple of months on the tread- mill would do some of these young scoundrels good. Police Court Business, Friday,--The police list of yesterday contained twenty cases, namely,--four of stealing which were remanded, one of stealing which was dis- missed, one of highway robbery which was remanded, one of suspicion of highway rob- bery which was also remanded; two of the same offence, which were dismissed ; one of assault, which was dismissed; one of misçon- duct in indented service, which was remanded ; one of absence from hired service, which was dismissed; one information under the Vagrant Act, in which the defendant was convicted and sentenced to two months imprisonment in the house of correction ; one of suspicion of stealing, which was dismissed ; and six for drunkenness in the street, all the defendants in which, were, with one excep- tion, new hands; this exception was Thomas Grady, who being convictcd of the offence for the fifth time, was sentenced to be worked on the treadmill for sixty hours. There were also thirty-two summons cases, namely, two of perjury, one of charging excessive da- mages, one of deserting a wife, seven for breaches of the Licensing Act, two for re fusing to pay wages, four for assault, one for breach of the Hired Servants Act, one for malicious injury of property, three for breaches of the Building Act, nine for breaches of the Police Act, and one for threat. A great number of these cases however were remanded. Sly Grog Selling.—Among the summons cases heard before the Police Court yesterday was one against a man named William Butler, residing on the Botany- road, against whom an information for sly grog selling had been filed by constable Proctor, of the Sydney police. On the part of the prosecution, it was proved that ,a ticket-of-leave man, named Thomas Henry, had gone into the house of the defendant by the direction of Proctor, and had procured half-a- pint of rum on the 30th of October last; and it was also proved that the defendant held at the time no license, for the sale of spirituous liquors. Mr. Purefoy, who appeared on the behalf of the defendant, objected, first, that the in- formation was invalid in consequence of an abbreviation having been made use of in it, and, secondly, that the charge could not be sustained, inasmuch as he had been merely charged with permitting his wife to commit the above mentioned breach of the Licensing Act, as it was proved in evidence that the defendant was himself actually present at the time that the liquor was served ; this objection, as well as the tech- nical one asainst the information, was over- ruled. The information was supported by Mr. G. R. Nichols, who replied to the argu- ments made use of by Mr. Purefoy on the part of the defendant, and the Bench after a brief consideration sentenced the defendant to pay a fine of £30 and £5 costs, or in default to be imprisoned in Sydney Gaol for the pe- riod of four calendar months, the space of seven days being allowed for the payment of the fine. Poisoning Fowls.--William Scott, of Camp- bell-street, and his better half, Catherine, appeared before the Police Bench, yesterday, to answer a complaint preferred against them, by Mrs. Esther Hutchinson, their next door neighbour, of having wilfully, and of malice aforethought, murdered six of her fowls, by the aid of poison. By the evidence of the complainant, it appeared that some time pre- vious to this occurrence, she had had a quarrel with the defendants, who, upon that occasion, had threatened her with divers marks of their displeasure, and among other things, had told her, that "she should not keep a single thing alive, about her place." The yards of the complainant and the defendant being only se- perated by a small open fence, the fowls belonging to both parties were in the habit of ranging backwards and forwards at free will, over the whole premises, and this free state of things continued until Wednesday, the 19th instant, when six fowls belonging to the complainant suddenly gave up the ghost, without having manifested any previous indis- position which might account for so sudden a decease. The suspicion of the complainant having been aroused by this circumstance, she made some enquiries, and subsequently, ascertained that the defendants had pur- chased a quantity of arsenic, at Dr. Grant's, in Pitt-street, with the expressed intention of using it to destroy rats, and having also had the precaution of having one of the murdered birds opened in the presence of a medical practitioner, she had ascertained beyond doubt, that its death had been occasioned by its having taken poison. In reply to the ac- cusation, the defendant did not deny that the fowls might have come to their untimely end by the influence of poison, which they had swallowed upon the defendants premises, but contended that the arsenic had been merely placed there for the destruction of the rats, and without the slightest view of inflicting any injury upon the feathered members of Mrs. Hutchinson's family. The Bench re- marked that this might have really been the case, but expressed an opinion that there was great reason to entertain some fear to the contrary, although no criminal intention had been clearly established by the evidence. In order therefore to guard against the recur- rence of any circumstances of this nature, the defendants were ordered to find sureties to keep the peace towards the complainant for the period of twelve months, the male de- fendant to be bound in the sum of £20 and two sureties of £10 each. 