THE THEATRICAL EXAHR. . ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE. the new play. ' : If we may trust to the play bill — which, by the way, is not always a true bill—the public are presented at last, with " au en tirely new and original drama," founded, nevertheless, upon " a tale .in the Pick- wick Papers,"— to which, a Mr. Charles Dibdin stands god-father, and exerts himself for the entertainment of his audi tors, through a protracted interval of three very long and tiresome acts. The piece was performed for the first time on Mon-, day .night, : to a rather thin ; house, and elicited some applause from the. pit — in which, at the. close of the performance, . a knot of good-natured critics contrived to raise a shout for tlie author, ? who thereupon came forward, (Mr. Dibdin, that" is— not Dickens to acknowledge the honour, and in doing so, thanked the audience for their favourable reception of hisfirst attempt at a colonial play — -thus holding out the promise of further per- petrations in the sani8 line, from tho in fliction of which we hope that Mr. Dib din's modesty and good sense will induce him to spare us. The story on which Mr. DrsoiN's play professes to be founded, is sufficiently fa miliar to the readers of Pickwick , and it is iherefora quite unnecessary to enter upon a description of tho plot cf the piece. The incidents, in-leed, are by no means con fined to the story, as it stands in. the original, but repeated drafts are made upon the same author, in all places where Mr. Dibdin's inventive faculties appear to have failed him. The addend t to the original tale (and for these alone is Mr. Dibdin responsible) consist in a very dull and uninteresting episode, appertain ing solely to certain love-matters., in pro gress between Lapwing , an Attorney, and i Margery , a waiting maid, or something of tho sort;— which, — with the ridiculous introduction of a dance, unlike ail other dances, 'begun anl not ended, and tlie stale hibernicisms of Katty M'Avoy, vapid enough in all conscience, or -if re markable— remarkable only for a certain intolerable grossness, — comprise the sum- total of the coinage of Mr. Dibdin's brain, and form the groundwork of the claim, so injudiciously set up for him, as the author of an " entirely new and origi nal drama." But, as if to make up for all deficiencies on Mr. Dibdin's part, we have abund nice of Pick tviclc, extracted in some . instances " verbatim et liter atim, , and altogether disconnected from ! the particular tale on which the drama ! professes to be founded. For . instance — our old friends Wicks and Jack son, of Dedson and Fogg notoriety, are made to figure, away in all their glory — and a scene occuriug in the chambers of the before-named worthies, and which is to be found at page 199 of the work, is pressed into the service of Mr.- Dibdin — Lapwing performing the part of Mr. Dodson, and Oldlreton sustaining the character of Ramsey, the unfortunate victim of a lawyer's bill of costs. All this involves a gross inconsistency — for whilo . in Pickwick, the Queer Client is merely! a story related to one of the members of the club, Mr. Dibdin mixes up with the incidents of that story, the sayings and doings of people who are concerned indeed with Mr. Pickwick and his friends, but have no more connexion with the Qaeer Client than Dickens has with the gen tleman. who so ingeniously misrepresents him to a colonial audience. We are not disposed to interfere with Mr. Dibdin's employment of liis talents as a play-wright ; and if he has commen ced the business of dramatic writing for purposes of profit, but with an insuffi cient stock-in-trade — this is a matter which concerns himself only, and the parties who deal with him for the purchase of a marketable commodity. Our business is with the play as presented to the public, and the question with us is. simply whether it be good or bad. In our judgement it is considerably bolow mediocrity, and is therefore irredeemably bad. . The story on which it is founded affords no great scope for the dramatic writer, and this is proved by the fact that Mr. Dibdin has been constrainod to bor row' frbrn Pickwick, in passages which liave positively 110 reference to the subject in handi;:...r.Tiie! story as wo read it iu the, original, : is by no' means one of Mr. Dickens best" efforts; and, indeed, we coasider it an exception to the general merits of the remaining portion of the work. With this drawback at the outset —that 13 to say — -with the drawback of in sufficient material for the developement of his plot, Mr. Dibdin's treatment of the subject, while it marks liis ignorance of dramatic proprieties, is not such as . to carry him beyond his original. On the contrary, the play is considerably below the strry, for much that we have of Dickens is diluted to the consistency of the merest namby-pamby— while all that we have of Mr. Dibdin's is very indiffer ent indeed; Again— with respect to Mr. Dibdin's ignorance of dramatic proprieties —the rule in tragedy is that the principal person, or, at least, that some important per son, on whom depends a great deal of the interest-of the piece — shall be the person selected to die the death, and thus com plete the condition of that description of writing. Mr. Dibdin, however, has no less than three separate dying scenes in the course of the piece, two of which are perpetrated upon the stage, while the third is narrated by a supposed eye-wit ness. Thus Heyling's wife is the first to die — before the audience of course— then young Ireton is described as . drowning within sight of his father — and finally old Ireton gives up the ghost, and all this in the space of an hoar. Tlie absurdity of such continued appeals to the sympathy of the audience, is, we think, sufficiently ob vious. ' People grow tired of the tiling — one death in the piece being quite enough; If more than one dyiug scene bo introdu ced, and they be managed with ever so much art, the continued appeal to the feelings is too painful for an audience which comes to be amused and entertain- ed— whereas if they bp managed "with a. want of art, they degenerate into the most j laughable burlesque, and piece, author, and actors, suffer alike iu the eyes of a discriminating pnblic. Our remarks, it will be observed, are rather against the play itself, than- against deficiencies in a proper representation of its characters. It is quite impossible to meet with good acting .in a piece which affords no scope to the actor. ' Thus — for Mr. Simmons,, whose comic powers, we are ever ready to admire, 110 better part can be contrived by Mr. Dibdin than that of Katty M'Avoy — a character which has nothing to dp with the progress and developement of the plot, and which serves to exhibit the defects of Mr. Simmons, : while it affords him no opportunity for the display of merits which are peculiarly his iwn. Mr. Knowles, again, is made to assume a part which exhibits him - to dis advantage, and, greatest misfortune of all, the gay vivacity of Mrs. Ximenes, through no fault of her own, is. exchanged for the pertness and giggle of Margsry-Jit as sociate for the conceited representative if a low country attorney. From the mere force of circumstances, the parties vhom we have just named, are com jelled to .play to the pit, and to look t- that part yf tbe house for applause ; a state of things which is not very likely to last, for we question if the Gods themselves would tolerate a third representation, of the " new and original drama." 