eroarII tvaprs. -· PROTEST BY SIR BLAILAN'D AND SIR JOHN JASISON, AGAINST CERTAIN ITEMS OF T?E ESTIMATES OF EXPENDITURE FOR THE TEAR The undersigned hereby beg to enter their protest against the appropriation of the sum of 6£96,144 3\. 8d. (ninety-six thousand one hundred and rorty*.for pounds, three shillings, and eight pence) in the estimates for the ensuing year, for defrayiog the expenses of the police and gaoljestablishments. 1\. On the grounds specitfed in our protests entered on the minutes of this council of the years 1840 and 1841. 2 In a more especial manner on the present occasion, in consideration of the ruinous state of the colony, as evidenced by the facts s the immense and still increasing list of insolvents, which, whatever the merits of the present act affecting that subject. is notoriously connected with suchstate of of ur affairs ; the fact that this colony is paying to persons residing abroad, according to the most accurate statements that are at present procurable by the undersigned, the sum of x£279,000 (two hundred and serenty-nine thousand pounds), as interest. derived through banks, and'otber similar Soancial companies, ercltsive of an amount unknown on mootgages to private individelts; bhe fact that the esitkihaves fror rtaly tes riripel stye y the rolaoy di mot pay their espeass ; and that such is the present want of credit, that capitalists atre precluded from vesting their capital in colonial specutations of any descriptions, and have vested it as shares, or as deposits in our banks, and hence the apparently substantial state of those banks, and the extraordsnary fact that, with the collective capital, in sperie, of upwards of £474 000 * (four hundred and seventy-four thousand pounds), those institutions have little more than £200,000 (two hundred thousand pounds) in notes in cireulation. Further, because, with all the above diffculties to contend with. this colony is now placed in a position in which, under rts present sgjtem of manuaog~ ent, it must cease to be a point for immiglation, tither to capitalists or to operatives. That, therefore, no relief from our present distress can be expected, but which, on the contrary, there is every reason to apprt hend, most continue to increase. That,under these circumstances, it is indispensable that the expenses of the government of the colony should be forthwith reduced, and made proportionate to our means; and that, among the rest, the item in the estimates now protested against imperatively calls for, in justice and sound policy, and from the necessities of our present condition, a very large reductirn indeed. The undersigned request that this protest may be entered on the minutes of the counceil; and further, that it may be submitted lor the consideration of her Slajesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies. JoHN JAMtSOn. Jo?u BLAxLAND. Council Chamber, 30th August, 1842. Abstract of Sworn Returns, &c.;, from the Colonial Sees. tary's Oirce,2th April, 1842. THR CITIZEN LISTS.-W- o received a copy of the lists just as we were going to press. They are executed at the government printing office, and considering the shortness of the time they have been In hand (only about aday and a half), sbhew an accuracy and despatch, which all who know the nature of this kind of work will admit are highly creditable to itr. Row and his establishment. We would advise all who are qualified to be enrolled to examine the lists without delay, so as to be enabled to put in their claims in cases of omission. HIGHWAY ROBBERY.-A well known bad character, named M1'Grath. who has recently returned from Norfolk Island. was yesterday com. mitted to take his trial, upon the charge of stealing a coat and waistcoat from a person named O'l)onnell. From the evidence of a lad named blayne, who saw the transaction, it appeared that the prosecutor, who was labouring under the infloence of liquor, had applied at Clarkson's public house, in Elizabeth. street, for a glass of spirits on the previous evening, but being refused on account of the lateness of the hour he went away, and had scarcely left the house when be was knocked down by two men, and robbed of his coat, waistcoat, and,shoes. The alarm was immediately given by 1Mayne, and after a smart parasst the prisoner was captured, with the coat and waistcoat in his possession, but the other man effected hia escape. HsARING BOTH .SIDES.- A man named John Kerry was brought before the police court yesterday, upon the charge of assaulting a Mrs. l',agbltan, into Pitt-street, on Monday onght last, having been taken into custody by Inspector Price under a warrant issued for that offence. From the evidence of the prosecutrix it appeared that the prisoner had attacked her, and knocked her down, without the slightest provocation; under these circomstances the charge appeared of so glaring a nature that the bench were about to commit the prisoner for trial, when the- latter requested that a person named Sewell, who had seen the transaction, should be called. This having been done, the testimony of this witness gave a very different aspect to the affair, for, according to his version of the case, it appeared that the parties had all been getting drunk together, and that, so- far from the assault being unprovoked, the prosecutrix had run after Kerry through the street with a broom, with which she struck him on the head. Under these circum. saances the beach merely fined the prisoner in the sum of forty shillings, which was immediately paid. SUPRBR1E COURT COSTs.-T-lh fol lowing is a return of the supreme court costs, exhibiting selected instaoces of unusually heavy costs in stronely litigated cases:-I. Costs in all cases where defendant pays the demand before appearance, including the letter before action, attending to receive debt, &c;,, office fees lOs; attor ney 21. 13s ; total 31. 3s. 2. Ditto, up to judgment in cases of debt where no assessment is necessary, ofice fees 1. as 66d; attorney 61 7s 7d; total 71. I?s d. 3. Average costs In "computation cases,'" office fees II. 11s; attorney 61. 13s lid; total 81. 4s Id. 4. Ditto in "assessment cases," (excluding travelling expenses to witnesses), office fees 21. 14s; counsel Il. 3s 6d; attorney 91. 13s 9d; total 131. Ils 3d. 5. Ditto in "defended assessor causes" where pleas are filed but no actual defence is made at the trial, office fees 31. 7s; counsel 11. 3s. d; attorney s21. 7s 7d; total 161. 18s Id. 6. Dltto ditto where actual defence is made (e. g. a set off, and witnesses called on both sides), orkce fees 31. 14s; counsel 31. %s 6d; attorney 131. 5s 6d; total 20\. 61. Alemornda.--1. In the above the costs are stated in respect of town cases. In country cases the costs are increased by mileage to the sheriff according to the dista?ce of the defendant's residence. 2\. It the sum sued for be above 200.. there is an addition to the otfflice fees of 7s 6d ; and if an alias summons were necessary, there is an addttional charge of II. Is; and where the defendant coannot personally be served, there as an addition of Ils for an affidavit of that feeact. 3. Where there are two or more defendants, the office tees ate also slightly in. creased on the issue of the writ. 4. The amount of costs to the attcerat is in all cases the same, whether the debt or damages be under or above 301. If the amount be 201. or 20001. his charges are the sime. 5\. In Important and strongly contdsted cases, whether before assessors or juties, it is almost im possible to state any average amount of costs. The amount necessarily varies largely, according to the degree of doubt attending the claim; the number and difficulty of the points raised in the defence; the number of applications which may become necessary to the court in the progress of the suit;e the time occopied in procoring and arranging the requ:site esidence; the length of the trial; and above all, the expense of bringing up witnesses. The fees to cornsel and attorneys on csrcuir (epe cially when the latter are taken from Sydney), am frequently very heavy, because they have to be eom pensated not only for a total loss of time, but for their travelling expeehes. But the amount of both onited will seldom equal the expense of bringing to Sydney the witoesses in the case; and caron ever equal that expense where the witnesses are numeroues. The following are selected as instances of unusually heavy costs, in strongly litigated cases:--I. Action for malicioaus prosecution, (lasted two days, seven teemn witnesses), allowed 1081. 15s lId; charged 1241\. Bs 3 d; ofice 41.; counsel 631.'; witnesses 41\. 4a; attorney 621. 19s 3d. 2. Disputed consi deration of a bill (town case), fraud alleged, sundry specsial motioons to court, allowed 9315. Is Id ; charged 1121\. 16s 3d; offee Ill. 17a; counsel 422. Ita 6d; witeses oand jury 101. 6s; attorney 481. 2s 9d. 3\. Action on an agreement respecting cattle (country case), allowed 491.. Jas 5d; charged 541. Os 6d; office 41 4s; counsel 51. 6s; witnrssrea 351, 4s attorney 91. 16s bd. N.B.-The amount "t??aed off" a bill is frequoollybecause the charge is in itselJ !mproper; bul, more generally, because it ia one which ought to fall on the client himself, and not on his adversary-as e; g. opinions before action brought, conferences or advising duriog the action, exceslve Ifees to counrel, and so on. I the first and third of the beve instancers, the cause proceeded to judgment in the ordinary course. The tterposl* tion ot a demuner, or the addition of a new trial, or a postponement of the cause for any considerable time, or its gring over as a remsanet, would of couratse nmaterially increase the expense. There are instances where the costs bhave eaceeded the amount above given; but this has beenr owing to tome of the acci* dents thus explined. "ROBBERY BY A SBRVANT.-On Satur day mooning John Barrett, late in the employment of lesrst. Pite anrd Preston, was fInally examined at the police ofilice upon a charge of atesliog several remnants of cloth and silk from his employers. Prom previous information receivedra search watrant was assued on Wednesday last, and Sergeant lobinseO proceeded to the prisoner's houser., accompanied by Mr. Pite, whom they found ra nmber of articles iof the abore dscatlptsoo which were idenrtified by the latter as the property of the 6fm. In additior to this charge a second was brought gailast him. for stealingI a pier of tweed and a piece of silk, a day or two previost to has beiong apprebaeded This charge beiog fully rabstarntited, the bench let atisfied that there was now at?ich?et evidence tagaiast the prisene, aud he was csemmitted upon the "lrt charge, SYDNEY TOTAL ABSTINENCE BENEFIT SOCIETY.—At the monthly meeting of this society, held at the Temperance Coffee House, Pitt-street, on Monday evening, 6th instant, 13 members were admitted, and 16 were proposed for admittance next month. There were 217 members enrolled previous to the last election. The monthly subscriptions, entrance money, &c.;, taken amounted to £27 0s. 10d. The funds of the society in the bank are £267 4s. A NORFOLK ISLAND EXPIREE.—On Saturday morning a man named Michael M'Cabe, an expiree from Norfolk Island, who only became free on the previous day, was brought before Captain Innes, at the police office, charged with stealing a pair of boots from a soldier of the 80th regiment. It appeared that the prisoner had only been discharged from the hospital on Friday morning, and he then went to Grose Farm, where he fell in with the soldier, and having made him drunk, took him into the bush, where the son of Mars resigned himself to the arms of Morpheus, and the Norfolk Islander proceeded to search his pockets, but finding no money in them he took the boots off his feet, and quietly walked into Sydney. He was met in Parra- matta-street by Constable Greaves, who, knowing him to have come up recently from Norfolk Island, and finding the boots in his possession, took him into custody. The soldier on awaking discovered his loss, and proceeding to the watch-house, found the Norfolk Island bird was caged. The case having been clearly proved against him, the prisoner was sentenced to be kept to hard labour in the house of correction for six calendar months. INQUESTS.—During the month of August only eight inquests were held in Sydney, being nine less than in the month of July, and out of this number we are glad to say only one death was proved to have been caused by drunkenness. This speaks well for the cause of temperance, as the generality of inquests hitherto have been held upon persons who either directly or indirectly met their deaths in consequence of intemperance. The fol- lowing were the verdicts recorded to the eight cases above mentioned—visitation of God, three; still born, one; accidental drowning, one; accidental death, two; felo de se, one. THE NEWSPAPER PRESS.—During the late commercial distress the newspaper press of the colonies has not escaped unscathed. In Sydney the Free Press and the Sydney Monitor have gone the way of all flesh, and the Sydney Gazette, the oldest newspaper in the Australian colonies, for a time gave up the ghost, but has since sprung anew into existence, under fresh auspices. The Hunter River Gazette, at Maitland, has also expired, after a brief existence of only six months. In Van Die- men's Land the Tasmanian and Van Diemen's Land Chronicle have disappeared from this lower sphere, and the proprietors of the Colonial Times (Hobart Town) and the Cornwall Chronicle (Launceston) have been compelled to make their way through the insolvent court. In South Australia the Adelaide Chronicle has gone to the "tomb of all the Capu- lets," and the South Australian Register is adver- tised for sale under warrant of the sheriff. It is difficult to know what is the state of affairs in New Zealand, for with the exception of the New Zealand Gazette, which still holds on its way rejoicing, the newspapers there are of the mushroom order, appearing and disappearing with the most amusing celerity. The Melbourne newspapers have as yet stood the brunt of the storm, but not unscathed; whether they will all weather it, the future only can determine. Amidst the gloomy, however, all has not been gloom. No new journals have made their appearance in Sydney, but the Sydney Herald has increased its dimensions so as to equal the London newspapers, and now rejoices in the title of the Sydney Morning Herald. In Van Diemen's Land a new journal, the Launceston Examiner, has sprung into existence, which bids fair not only to rival, but also to excel, many of its contemporaries; and the True Colonist, after being defunct for nearly eighteen months, is again resuscitated. Australia Felix has also to boast of two additions to the number of its newspapers — the Melbourne Times, a weekly news- paper, which has nearly overcome the perils of infancy, and the Portland Mercury, which in the course of another fortnight will launch its broad sheet on the troubled sea of life. We fear, how- ever, that with regard to the newspaper world the crisis is not yet arrived, or at all events is not past, and we doubt not we shall have to chronicle a variety of changes among our contemporaries at home and abroad. — Port Phillip Patriot. VAN DIEMEN'S LAND.—Memorials to his excellency the Lieutenant Governor praying for an act of council to restrict the interest of money lies for signature at the Vans Diemen's Land and Commercial Banks. The banks will immediately reduce the rate of discount to eight per cent, and the Derwent Bank, the great holder of the title deeds of the colony, intends to reduce the interest on all its mortgages to ten per cent., an example which must be followed by all the mortgagees in the country. This great movement, followed by an usury law, to coerce the petty money lenders to adopt the same course, may yet be the salvation of Van Diemen's Land.—Hobart Town Advertiser. 