MISCELLANEA. Fjunvh Cup f^r the Goodwood TlArrs -Th« ftulce of Orleans hnviog determined to send a vase to be nin for at Hie next Goodwood Knees, in return for tliat tvon by bis horse lust year, n very oxquisite one lias been exhibited At tho Jockey Club, It weighs 43 marcs, or 5/4 ounces, nnd measures in height 31} niches, nnd in width 13} incites. Its form it* of the nzn of 1'i.incU I., with two nnscr«. composed of figures of Victory with displayed win»s, supporting n ivrenjh of the acanthus, grace* folly wrought roun I the fleck of the cup. The lower parts of (he ansers divide the surface of.he cup into two comanrtments, one of which contains & representation in relief of n tournament of the 15th century, nnd the other the carousul piren by L uis XiV., in 1600, in front of the Tuileries. <— I'he costumes of the kni'hts are copied from plates nnd drawings mnde at the time, and preserved in the ttoyd Library. On four medallions are i.o Jvnp^lifih race horse, mounted by his juckey;& Limousin liorse, ridden in the French style ; a German hura* and an Arabian, ench mounted by riders of tt-er respective countries. At the foot is escutcheon with the cypher of (he Prince Roynl, supported by two armed inen, and spaces for the insertion of the nnmes of the winning horse and its owner, the dare of the races, /vc. The cup was executed by M. Khijf.Dsmij, who mnde the r'u h arulptured ornntients of the sword piesen'ed bv the ci'y to the Count du Paris, and was finished bv M. Durand, the {rohUraith, who pained the first medal nt i!in exhibition of the useful uris in I839. It in valued nl AM puineRp. Inn W.iy m TF.nnirr.—Prin»« BelloseNky possessed lo nn eminent degree the talent of telling n ghost siorv. At u larjje p*ny, one evening, the Indies drew their chnirs around Iiira and exnUimod, " Do, Princc, terrify in a little." Upon ibis the Prince ordered lh« lights to be extinguished, with the exception of one, which wa9 left burning in an adjoining? nparttnent, tho door of which remained njur. The narrator commenced his talo, which turned, as mi^hl be expected, upon the apparition of n horrid phanlnn, advancing slowly in the midst of darkness visible, towards a person in bed. For the last ten minutes ihn Prior* had kept his b«nd extended on a marble table ; his voice assumed 0 sepulchral ton*. All at once he applied his icy hand upon thabnrd nrm of his hostess, who uttered a piercing serpnm. The !erri?od audifnrs tus'ied into the other room, and, in then confusion, extinguished the solitary light. The sudden darkness redoubled their panic. At last the servants made their nppeHiitncfl with flumbeauK; and the Prince, avbo began tobf»nhrned sit.jbe success of his experiment, eucceedod with some difficulty in calming the apprehensions of liis fair audience, "j^ndies," paid he, "'tis all your oxvn fatilr : you requested me to terrify youu linle, and I like to make myself agroeable." A Ntono Bov IN THE Wf si INDIES.—The negro hoys are the most cunning imps I ever had to do with. I recollcct on my la-it voynpe t«» Jamaica, while my vessel was lyio{? at St. Anne^ Iiav, I had fo go to Port Maria (0 look for some cargo ; arid on my way thither, noar O n Cabecn, I came to one of the small rivers that empty themselves into the little bays along tbe coast—I think it was railed tbe Salt Gut. U'hcn at some distance, 1 had observed a no^ro boy belRbotirinp n mule most heartily ; but before X pot up he had left off his 'humping, ond dismounted nnd now appeared in earnest talk with his henst <"-hich, wi*h fore- legs streched out f:rm, and eurs laid down, seemed proof against all arguments to induce him to enter the wan»r. Qunshie wns.-iHaniaiarion, and hiseres flashed like C re •flies. " Who—0! yoti no obur ? Berry well—me bet you fippenny me tnuke you go —No ? AVhyf or yon no bet why for you* no pn ober J** Flore the muh k shook ins cars to drive ofl' the files, which almost devour the po^r animals in 4 that climate. 4 Oh ! you do bet—berry well—den me try." The young raaral (he wqs not more thin fen ytftrs oM) disappeared in the hush, and returned in a few seconds with Home stripes of fin weed, n few small pehhles, and h hinnch of the cncttia plwnt. To put thneor four pebbles irt e«ch of tbe mule's ears, nnd tip them up with the fuoweed, »vas hut the work of aminute. He then jumped on the animal's back, turned round, put the plant to his tail, nnd off"they went, ns a negro himself would say. * like mad, raosse." Into the tbe water they plunged—the fellow grinning and showing his teeth in perfect ecstacy. Out they got on the other aide—heads :ind ears down—toil and heels up— nnd the boy's arms fllying about eg if they did not "belong to him ; and Ilost sight of him as be went over 'be rocky steep nt full gaDop, where one false atep would have precipitated thetu into (he sea beneath, from whence there would have been but small chance of oscape. No, no; a butcher's boy is nothing to a negro hoy—the one may rido like ihedeucebuttbeotberistbeverydeucehimsolfriding. About two hours afterwards I reached Port Mncia, and in an open Bpace near the stores, there sat, or rather lay, young Quasbie eating cakcs j and there Also stood (he roule( eating Guinea-grass, and looking much more cheerful than when I saw him «t the Salt Gut. «• Well, Quasbie," I said, "you have got here, I see, but which nf you won " Quashie win, maasa—Qimbie never louse." "But will be payt" ] inquired. " Quashie pay Jximself. V'oa fee, Mflsss Buccrn, tnnstt gili <joasbio tenpenny- bit tor grass for mulp. Qunshie bet fippennv bimnmkebim go oberde Gut-(junsliie win; QuBsnie hab fippenny for rake, mule liab fippennv for grass."—George Crviluhmik't Om- nibi'l. 