FASHIONS FOR JUNE. (From the World or Fashion, monthly magazine.) BoNNETs.-Pailles de Riz. These bonnets will certaiulj be the greatest favourites for afternoon toilettes. Some are lined with silk glare, pink or blue ; the interior of the brim surrounded with pale pink or blue tulle ruches, the garniture composed of velvet ribbons, linges and shaded. Others are lined with coloured gauzes, the brides formed of a very light small flower, and the outside decorated with white lace and splendidly drooping feathers, mostly shaded in the same colour. Fancy straws are much worn for morning costumes, the most fashionable being decorated with the Josephine crowns, which are simply a wreath of bluets or roses, which form the centre of the crown, and gradually diminishing on each side. We have seen oue or two trimmed with a light style of gauze ribbon and shaded marabouts, which are also very pretty. A most charming style of bonnet are those made in white crepe, the form raised, and trimmed on one side with a bouquet of roses, and on the other with two small rosettas in ribbon, composed of white taffetas, approaching close to each other; also those made in straw coloured poult de sole, the form slightly raised, and trimmed with a bavolet very deep, in order to avoid the head being too uncovered at the back; shallow its the centre of the front, and low on the cheeks, ornamented with a long white plume, nuee, straw colour; a small garland of roses decorating the inside. Otheis in pink poult de sole, the form raised, and trimmed round the front with three folds of crepe rose, and three slanting feathers of the same colour placed upon the left side of the bonnet. Caps.--Estelle. 'this pretty cap is made of gauze, light as a puff of summer air, and is inter mixed with nmuds of gauze ribbon, blue glace white, with long floating ends attached. Many other new styles of caps are beginning to be worn; they are composed entirely of lace, which is placed so as, in some measure, to cover the front part of the head, the lappets on each side being made perfectly straight, and the crown a moderate size. It is now considered bad taste to wear the cap too mulch at the hack of the head; for inst ,nce, a little papillion a la villageoise, plain in the form, but embroidered and encircled with a Brussels edging, or, instead of its being plain, with large folds. Some have the ears sufficiently long to admit of their forming on each side two small barbes, sometimes relieved with a nmud of ribbon, or a small cluster of rosebuds. Lss Rtouss VicroatA.-This is one of the greatest novelties of the present season. The sleeves are made perfectly plain, the skirt very long, and the corsage cut in a becoming shape, sitting close to the figure, and yet allowing of ease and liberty to" all the movements. A very delicate fancy silk trimming of well assorted colours, and forming an exquisite design, is placed over each of the large and principal seams, giving it a very new and becoming effect. These dresses are each cul. culated to show a good figure off to the greatest advantage. Peiguoirs in organdy are now being much worn: they are generally encircled with a broad hem, through which is passed a pink or lilac ribbon; the same surrounds the double pelerine; a narrow roseate of ribbon attaches the manchettes, which are composed of three rows of rich lace. Ball dresses are now being made of satin, blue, white, and black; also of taffetas d'ltalie, of tulle illusion, &c.; the upper skirts opening in the front, and showing the jupe of satin of a soft shade ; the facings of the dress plaited, or gathered at distances, and caught with pretty trimmings in ribbon of the same shade as the satin jupe. Walking dresses are still worn, made in silks, satins, &c.; For instance a dress of poult do soie, verdant green shaded violet, trimmed en tablier in einbruideries of green gympeo work ; the corsage tight, the waist a rounded bint, close fitting sleeves, cardinal pelerine, embpfidered all round in a wreath, to match the dress. Also a dress in gros de Naples of a beautiful pearl gray, the jupe em. broidered all round the bottom with a double garland of laurel leaves; tight body, rounded point, and a facing of the same covering the bust and forming a point in the centre; tight sleeves, over which is worn a double short sleeve ; man chettes in lace, falling over the hands. Lastly, a dress of satin d'Afrique, green lace groseille, the skirt trimmed en tablier with ribbon, placed in a festoon, each notch of the festoons ornamented with a button.hole formed of the ribbon, ill the centre of which is placed a gold button; high and close titting body. opening in a point in the front; tight sleeves; a stomacher of lace inlet is worn under. neath the body, fastened by two gold buttons. We may here remark that the skirts are still being made extremely long and ample, particularly when composed of rich materials, the most favourite trimming being fancy shaded fringes and open work gympe. CoLous.s.-Tho favourite colours.of the present season are those shaded blue and pink, pink and nyrtle green, gray, and mauve ; also that beautiful Iris clour, being a blue shaded on pink and glace white, or a marron shaded on green and glace white. T'ho Albany Microscope, speaking of the degeneracy of the press, says-" Ghost of Franklin, hold thy breath I Last Saturday we saw an old revolutlionry Itamaige press sell under the shamnmer for 6 dollars 50 cents. And to what use is it to be put, tbiuk you, reader? To squeeze cheese I'" 