EIGHTEEN AND GRAY HAIR ! or, love's labour lost.— a petite iiistoire. After an absence of two years spent in travel ling, I saw her again at the theatre. She was the attraction of the whole house.; all eyes in the pit were fixed upon her ; and I, after one, could scarcely venture on a second glance ; at length, I summoned resolution : obtained a full view of her; but -how I was horror-struck ! The reason of the general observation her entrance caused, was now apparent; a cold shivering came over me ; my knees trembled 1 Poor, unhappy Henrietta ! I sighed, as I convulsively bit my lips. One of my neigh bours perceiving my emotion, touched my elbow, and said, "Do you observe that young lady in the centre box — the first row? Is it not surprising that so young a creature should have white hair?'' " And with such sparkling black eyes, too !" remarked another " what a thousand pities !" " If a writer of romance were here," said a third, "this beautiful monster would furnish materials for an excellent ballad, something a la Heine , at w.hich we know not whether to laugh or cry. Black eyes and white locks, our attraction and abhorrence ; a true and lively picture of the literature of the day !" I could have annihilated theimpertinent puppies. At last the curtain rose; what was acted God knows. ' The audience laughed. I ground my' teeth in agony. ' I several times thought of making a bolt for the door, but an irresistible power chained me to the spot where my devo ted victim presented herself. Cold drops stood upon my brow; but I remained. The play was over, and my tormentors recommenced talking of the young girl with the gray hair. "For my part," said one, "I think it not unlikely that, this poor thing in some lonely walk at night stumbled upon a ghost. Have you read the ' Scherin von Prevorst, by Komer?"' " He is a poet and a Swabian," interrupted a person at my back. " Trust me, there are no such creations as ghosts and sorcerers ; I am a physician, and can explain to you how it happens that nature produces on certain quali ties of hair certain effects ?" " Ah ! you are a doctor, are you ?" remarked a new speaker ; " come, come, expound it all to us ex cathedra. The hair ot a young girl ' cannot change its colour without some extraor dinary cause. She must have been subject to some terrible calamity — some shock. Perhaps her husband was murdered in her arms, or she dropped her child as she was dancing it a win dow, and dashed its brains out on the pave ment. " Excuse me, gentlemen, your conjectures all fall to the ground," said the doctor, with an authoritative tone ; can't you at once perceive that this charming creature is not a mother — perhaps unmarried ?" " How old may the poor thing be ?" inquired one." " Sixteen," replied another. " Eighteen !" exclaimed I, scarce knowing what I was saying. " What ! you are acquainted with her then ?" exclaimed all, in a breath. I made no reply. " lie surely must be able to tell us something about her," doggedly remarked one of the party. " I shrewdly guess that this young maiden owes her white hair to some cross in love, to some—" In a paroxysm of despair, 'I seized the hand of the last speaker. " Hold, sir ; spare me ; 1 am a wretch — a perjured villian !" What effect this outburst of my anguish, this unvoluntary confession of my wrong to Henrietta — wrung from me by a guilty conscience — produced on my auditors, may well be imagined ; but luckily for me, at this moment the orchestra let loose its thunder; all that noise and fury signifying- nothing, that charac terizes modern music ; and the curtain rose again. But what fictitious-sorrows; what love, treachery , despair, could vie with mine. My remorseless memory pictured and in colours too true and faithful, how she had vowed to me her innocent, weak heart, and its dawning affections; how I had sworn to be eternally hers; to adore her whom I had so shamefully forgotten and forsaken. Alas! I now, too late, perceived that I had promised all the springs of life and happiness: that the Hen rietta whom I had left so confiding and happy, was now, with white hair and a broken heart, sinking fast into the grave, " Miserable wretch 1" I ejaculated, " is it too late to redeem the past?" A thought flashed across the dark ness of mind— too late— no, perhaps your repentance may make all well again. The mighty power of love — I will throw myself at her feet— well My resolve was made — the performance was nearly at an end — I rushed out of the pit. Some one seized me by the hand. " Gus- tavus 1" "Felix! you here 1 you have seen herV1 I abruptly inquired. " Her ? ivho?" " I left her only a few minutes ago. You find her much altered, eh ?" " Felix, I am a monster of iniquity !" " What I" said he, laughing, "were you the sly rogue, the Charlatan " " Charlatan ! what mean you ?" " You must know that Henrietta, scarcely a month since, bought of an itinerant vender of pomatum, a substance for making the hair grow. She had scarcely used it twice before her hair became as gray as you now see it." " Pomatum ! it was not love, then?"— the word died on my lips. " Love !" replied Felix' with surprise. No. We have been married eighteen months, and are the happiest couple in the universe. Whether my wife!s hair be black or gray is to me a matter of indifference." " Eighteen months 1— — your wife ! ! and " Ulas ! 'twas but the penalty "that my incon stancy so well merited. Take heed, ye otboth sexes who possess that inestimable gift — an other's love, Never trifle with it as I have done ! The Flying Dutchman's Notion of Light Pleasant Weather. — The wind blew fiercely from off shore, roaring through the woods, and breaking down heavy branches. Vanderkecken held his hand up— .« I think there is a light air coming off the land, Jansen— man the capstan.'' " Only a cat's paw; it will not fill our sails, Captain Vanderdecken," replied the mate. The gale increased until it was at the height of its fury. The lightning flashed, the thunder roared, nnd the rain came down in torrents. The wind howled in its rage. " I think we. shall have a light pleasant breeze soon," said Vander decken. " Heave round, my lads, a little more of it and we shall do."— George Cruikshank s Omnibus. Gradual Reform. — When Lord Muskerry sailed to Newfoundland, George Rooke went with him a volunteer ; George was greatly addicted to lying ; and my lord being very sensible of it, and very familiar with George, said to him one day, " I wonder you will not leave off this abominable custom of lying, George.' I can't help it said the other. " Poh !" says my lord,' ' it may be done by degrees, suppose you were to begin by telling one truth a day.'' . 