FASHIONS FOR NOVEMBER. (From the London and Paris Ladies 4 Magazine of Fashion. J There are many new materials silk ; amongst other, the Pekiu with satin stripe, broche or chine, Levantines doubles foulards de chine, satins d'Orient, d'Isaphans cache- mire d'Ecosse an foulard de lai'ne, with Persian, Turkish, and Arabian patterns, &c.; The dresses for the approaching sea son will be made with tight bodies, and the sleeves, if not tight, of very moderate size, and the skirt very long. Embroidery will be very fashionable for full dress, but not flounces ; three deep tucks separated by a wreath of embroidery, and another wreath serpentine on the tuck. Ornaments of gimp, or of the same material as the dress, continue to be placed en tablier up the sides of the skirt. Small pelerines are decidedly to be worn, not only with the redingotes ; they are also made of muslin, &c.;, sometimes buttoning down the centre, termed d la Puritaine ; they are deep and are finished at the throat with a bouillon, having a riband through it. Redingotes of satin or watered silk are- made wilh facings of velvet and biais edged with fringe, are very fashionable. Small collars are iudispensible to wear with scarfs and cloaks ; those a. la chevaliere are also pretty fur redingotes; inlets of lace are much used, both for collars and pelerines. G'annezous are made with folds and lace, or with folds and embroidery of clear muslin delicately worked ; they are high, with square collars fastened round the throat by a riband or silk cravat, and are worn with dresses a 1' Pen fan J, with short sleeves, or merely with skirts. The pelerine camail, of lace, is much in favour in Paris; it is large and fastens at the throat with a brooch. Gaps in all the various styles of Swiss, Tyrolien, Molda vian, Giselle, &c.;, with satin hats' and feathers, and caps a la Dubarry, are all in fashion. The newest style of coiffure is a la religieuse; a baud of lace lays on the forehead with nceuds and flowers drooping at the side. Bonnets are very deep at the ears, of an oval form, and very flat. Velvet velours jaspe, velours epingle, satin gros d' Afrique, are the materials in demand. Capotes a coulisses of satin are pretty. Capotes of black velvet are lined with capucine colour, and ornamented with flowers par taking of.both colours, or lined with pink velvet, having black feathers tipped with pink. The Way to Terrify.- Prince Bel- loselsky possessed to aueqiinent degree the talent of telling a ghost story. At a large party, one evening, the ladies drew their chairs around him and exclaimed, " Do, Prince, terrify us, a little.'' Upon this the Prince ordered the lights to be extin guished, with the exception of one, which was left burning in. an adjoining apart ment, the door of which remained ajar. The narrator commenced his tale, which turned, as might be expected, upon the apparition of a horrid phantom, advancing slowly in the midst of darkness visible, towards a person in bed. For, the last ten minutes the Prince had kept bis hand extended on a marble table ; his voice assumed a sepulchral tone. All at once he applied his icy band upon the bare arm of his hostess, who uttered a piercing scream. The terrified auditors rushed into the other room, and, in their confusion, extinguished the solitary light. The sud den darkness redoubled their panic. At last the servants made their appearance with flambeaux ; and the Prince, who began to be alartned at the success of his experiment, succeeded with some difficulty in calming the apprehensions of his fair audience. " Ladies," said he, " 'tis all your own fault : you requested me to terrify you a little, and 1 like to make myself agreeable.'' A man in our vicinity has grown so tall_as to be out of the reach of his creditors. Newspapers in various Countries. — Paris lias now upwards of 27 daily papers, the average sale of which exceeds 90,000 per diem, while London has only 45,000 per diem. No sufficient data exists for computing, with any degree of accuracy, the number of copies of newspapers at present annually circulated in the United States, but it probably does not fall short of 100,000,000. (The total number of papers issued in Great Britain and Ireland in 1837, was only 47,248,000.) The weekly issues of the British press of Lower Canada, are 29,000 ; those of the French press, 8000. The earliest Spanish news paper was published about the commence ment of the eighteenth . century. . In 1800 only two political newspapers were published; and but a lew years ago, only twelve news papers for a population of 12,000,000. « There are about twenty newspapers and daily journals in Portugal, and one at the Azures. The whole number of journals in Italy exceeds 200. Few of the existing papers date back farther than the' commencement of the present ceniury. The Greeks published 9> 4 at Athens, 1 at Napoli, 2 at Hydra, and 2 at Missolon- ghi. The Government Gazette of Corfu is the only journal published in the Ionian Islands. There are about a dozen periodi cals in Malta, most of them weekly. At Gibraltar, a Government paper, of a very diminutive size, is published daily. The journals published at Constantinople, in January, 1841, were the Tagrim Vakai, a Government paper, and the Djerdedei Havad which is vulgar Turkish, containing general information. In the whole extent of Africa there are 13 journals. One has appeared at Algiers regularly since its pos session by the French in 1830; 2 are published on the western coast, at the American colony of Liberia. There are 1 1 political newspapers at the Cape of Guod Hope, hall which are printed in English, and half in Dutch. An official Gazette was established in Persia, in 1838. It is lithographed. In Calcutta there are 6 English daily papers, 3 tri- weekly, 8 weekly, and 9 Hind ustanee weekly. At Bombay there are 10 English periodicals issued semi-weekly, and 4 Hindnstanee publications. Two weekly English papers were published at Canton, but are now removed to Macao.- — London paper. English aristocracy.— luose wno are in the habit of expressing their wonder at what the British aristocracy "do with their own,'' will, perhaps,, learn with surprise that none know better than the nobility of this country how to expend their kingly incomes. To prove this we extract the following particulars of the con sumption of wine and ale, wax lights, &c;,, at Belvoir Castle, the seat of the Noble Duke of Rutland, from December, 1839, to April, 1840, or about eighteen weeks; — Wine, 200 dozen ; ale, 70 hhds. ; wax lights, 2,330; sperm oil, 630 gallons. Dined at his Grace's table, 1,997 persons ; in the steward's room, 2,421 ; in the servants' hall, nursery, and kitchen depart ment, including coiners and goers, 11,312 persons. Of loaves of bread there were consumed 3,333 ; of meat, 22,963 lbs. ; exclusive of game. The money value ol the meat, poultry, eggs, and every kind of provision, except stoves, consumed during this period, amounted to £1,329 7s. llfd. The quantity of game killed by his Grace and friends, and consumed at Belvoir Castle alone, was 2,589 head. Supposed value £192 13s. 6d. The total quantity of game killed during the season, over all his Grace's manors, is thus stated : — 1,733 hares, 987 pheasants, 2,101 partridges, 23 wild ducks,. 108 woodcocks, 135 snipes, 947 robbers rabbits, 776 grouse, 20 black game, and 6 teale. These particulars are given in a history of Belvoir Castle, recently published. The excavations for the fortifications in the Bois de Boulogne, have recently laid bare two subterraneous channels for water, leading from Boulogne to Auteuil, and which seem to be of Roinan construction. A bridge is -about to be constructed at Venice, intended to unite that city to the Continent, and to connect it with the rail road of Milan. The management of this gigautic undertaking has been conceded to the engineer, Anloine Busetto Pitich ; the average expense is estimated at 4,830,000 livres Austrian. The bridge will also con tain an aqueduct intended to supply the town with fresh water, which has hitherto been supplied in boats from the Continent ; Venice being unprovided with wells and fountains, and having but very few cisterns. Dreadful Affectionate.-— A Glas gow paper says, the passengers on the high road, near that place, were not a little puzzled, some time since, by observing a man digging potatoes in a field, while a young woman sat . beside him, equally busy at some machinery, with a large wheel in motion. Some supposed that a new agricultural implement was at work, perhaps in the preparation of the roots into flour. It was at last discovered that the loving couple were still in the honey month, and that nothing could separate them within door or without, the frugal wife carried her reel upwards of a mile, to the field, and was winding pins beside her equally ardent deary, reminding one of the time "When Adam delved and Eve spun." Seeing it's You. — " How" far is it to ?' "Why, it's eight miles.'' "Eight devils ! ' why a man told me a mile back, that i: was only six." " Well, seeing that you are an old man, and your horse looks tired, and you seem impatient, we'll call it three.''— Crescent City. Original Anecdote. — When Dick Aiuiz first crossed into York State from the Canada side, he took lodgings at an inn in Canandaigna. A waiting maid sat at table with them, and Dick spoke of" her as the servant, to the no small scandal ol mine host, who told them that in his house servants were called help. Very well- next morning the whole house was alarmed by a loud shouting from Dick of " Help ! help ! water ! water ! help !" In an in stant every person in the inn equal to the task rushed into Dick's room wilh a. pail of water. " I'm much obleeged to ye, to be sure," said Dick, " but is more than I want to shave with !" — " Shave with !" quoth mine best,- " you called 'help !' and ' water !' and we thought the house was on fire," " You tould me to call the servant help ;' and do ye think would cry water when I n eant fire ? " Give it up," said the landlord, as he led off the liije ol buckets. — Boston Post, A Genuine Woman-hater.— " Pray, sir, will you never marry ?'' said, a fair girl to a brown old bachelor. "Ahem ! why, I don't know — yes, madam — J might get married, perhaps, if it were possible to get married to anything but a woman.'' Lord Chatham's Opinion of Polite ness —Now as to politeuess, many people, have attempted definitions of it, but I be lieve it is best to be known by description. I would, however, venture to call it benevo lence in trials, or the preference of others to ourselves in little daily, hourly occur rences in the commerce of life. Bowing, ceremonious compliments, stiff civilities, will never be politeness, which must be easy, unstudied, manly, natural, noble ; and what will give this, but a mind benevolent and habitually attentive to exert that amiable disposition in trifles, towards all yon converse and live with. An old miser, of Neufatchel, shot him self the other day with a pistol which he had bought a few hours previously, after haggling a long time for a reduction in the price of the weapon ! "Our country— first, last, and for ever." It is a beautiful sentiment, and illustrates the ardent love of country in his bosom, which manifested itself even in his last words. Legendary Tales.— In countries where education and learning abound, legendary and miraculous tales lose ground;, exciting but little interest and less belief, and at last almost becoming a dead letter. Man kind in a state of ignorance, with littie education, are credulous, and fond of the marvellous ; and there have not been wanting in all ages, men of craft and in vention to gratify that passion in others, and turn it to their own advantage. A Charitable proposal. — The most noble the Marquis of Westminster had taken a ticket for the Grand Stand on the " cup day,'' at the last Goodwood races, but, after witnessing the first race, he left the stand to " promenade," and; by some means or another he lost his check. Upon making his appearance at the gate, he was told, that, although so well known, the orders were imperative, and he could not be admitted without he showed his pass. While the noble marquis was expostulating with the ' man in office," the Marquis of Walerford came up, and, upon hearing the case, immediately suggested the idea of making a collection "for his brother marquis, " the richest man in the king dom.'' which caused no slight merriment at the moment. Whistling. — Of all the contrivances for making music, none has been so much neglected in proportion to its leal worth, as whistling. Almost every boy can whistle, and almost every man soothes himself in all his reveries with this natural instrument. Some persons, ofiener negroes than whites, acquire the power of giving great force to sounds uttered in this way, and there is often so much interest in this, that a few blasts from a pair of thick black lips, will attract the attention of all who are near. We once knew a young man who was highly accomplished in the performance of vocal and instrumental music, but never could he interest his audience so much as when he whistled. Two octaves are easily compassed by the whistle, and sounds may be uttered with an emphasis and sweetness which, no instrument can equal. There is more in this natural power than has been dreamed of. It wants only, what'it very seldom receives, cultivation. We propose that somebody who has cultivated his own whistling powers should open a school ; and now that musical concerts run low, we will engage that a conceit of well trained whistlers shall succeed perfectly. It would be well to hurry a little about the matter, for times are coming when we may all whistle. — Journal of Commerce. The Late Vice Provost of Dublin College. — As soon as he became a fellow, all the eccentricities which his former mode of life had tended to conceal as well as to confirm, began to be better known, and every one who had any intercourse with him had numerous anecdotes of his blun dering simplicity. The anecdote of the two cats, which has been told of many learned men, originated with him. His only pets were a cat and a kitten, its progeny. A friend seeing two holes in the bottom of his door, asked him for what purpose he made them there. Barrett said it was for his cats to go in and out. " Why," replied his friend, " would not one do for both ?" "You silly man," answered the Doctor, " how could the big cat get into the little hole ?' " But," said his friend, " could not the little one go through the big hole !" "Egad," said Barrett, " and so she could, but I never thought of that." Equally ingenious was the plan he proposed at the board for removing the rubbish after some buildings had been pulled down in the college courts. He considered it a very unnecessary ex pense to have it drawn away in carts, and said it would be a more expeditious means of getting rid of it, to dig a hole and bury it ; when asked what was to be done with the clay taken out of the hole.— D'ye see Die now," replied the philosophic doctor, " can't you dig another hole, and bury that ?" — Dublin University Maga zine. - Hindoo Wit. — A Hindoo woman having been summoned to give evidence before the court of judicature in Calcutta, deposed that such a circumstance happened in her presence. The judge asked where it happened ? she replied in the veran dah of such a house. ' And pray, my good woman, " said the judge, ' how many pillars are there in the verandah ?" The woman, not perceiving the trap that was laid for her said without much con sideration, that the verandah was supported by four pillars. The counsel for the opposite party immediately offered to prove that the verandah contained five pillars, and that, consequently no credid could be given to her evidence. The woman, perceiving her error, addressed the judge and said," "My lord,— your, lordship has for many years presided in this court, and every day that you come here ascend a flight of stairs ; may I beg to know how many steps these stairs'consist of?' The judge confessed he did not know. " Then," replied she, ' if your, lordship cannot tell the number of steps you ascend daily to the seat of 'justice, it cannot be astonishing that I should forget the number o£ pillars in a balcony which I never entered a half a dozen times in my life." The judge was much pleased with the woman's wit# and decided in favour of her party. An- Elegant 'Compliment.— 'Mr. Henry Erskine being one day in London, in company with the Dutchess of Gordon, asked her, " Are we never again to enjoy the honor and pleasure of your grace's society at Edinburgh ?'' " Oh !" said she, " Edinburgh is .a vile, dull place — I hate it.' " Madam,'' replied the gallant bar rister, " the Sun might as well say, here's a vile dark morning, I won't rise to day." Stringy Cabbages.— The, Boston Post has the following good -joke of a " hard case" who was accustomed to going home late at night in a " corned'' state, and taking a cold bite, which was usually set out for him by, his kind and forgiving wife : — "One night, besides the usual dish of cabbage and pork, she left a wash bowl filled with caps in starch. The lamp had long been extinguished when the staggering sot returned home, and, by mistake, when proceeding to satisfy "his hunger, he stuck his fork into the wrong dish. He worked away at his mouthful of caps very patiently for some time, but finally, being unable to masticate them, he sang out, to his wife— 'Old woman, where did yon get your cab bage — they are so d d stringy, I can't chew them .!' My gracious,' replied the good lady, ' if the stupid feller ain't eating up all my caps that I put in starch over night !' " Sleep. — Exercise your body and your mind gently till you are tired and no longer ; sleep till you are refreshed, and no longer ; when the bed becomes irksome, get up, if circumstances permit ; when again nature calls for rest, follow her dictates, and regard not the time of hour. In health, custom rules; but when sickness takes the helm, nature will not be controlled. In good health, seven or eight hours' sleep is gene rally sufficient ; a disposition to lie in bed beyond the usual hours generally arises from some derangement of the digestive organs. In sickness, if" the patient is favoured with sleep, nothing will so soon renovate and restore strength ; when a .nurse perceives her patient inclined to sleep, let everything give way, uo matter what time it happen. A patient should never be awakened to take medicine ; no medicine can be so beneficial as sleep, which is the balm of Gilead of this state of being, and comforts both mind and body beyond any other thing. Sleep is sound, sweet, and refreshing, according as the alimentary organs are easy, quiet, and clean. Men have Health in their Power. — In the. most of instances man has his health greatly in his own power ; for even a moderate regard for the decencies of life is usually followed or rewarded by a fair share of health and comfort; but when men and women neglect themselves and their children, one and all of them are rendered doubly liable to disease and death. It may be said that typhus fever, and many other infectious diseases, generally originate in depots of poverty, profligacy, and filth ; and every medical man can testify, that, under such circumstances, the great ma jority of severe cases prove fatal. . If people were as much alive to the perform ance of their domestic duties, and to a becoming conduct in life, as they are often to those gratifications which pander only to their animal appetites and propensites, they would, to a certainty, be much more comfortable, healthy, and happy, and would very seldom be. subjected either to the sweeping scourge of pestilence or to the direful effects of famine. Famine and pestilence usually accompany each other, and are very generally the consequence of all those moral outrages which degrade and disgrace human nature." — Reid's Philosophy of Death. A Veteran.— It is stated that the first person on whom Dr. Jenner tried the experiment of inoculation for the cow- pox, is still living. His name is Phipps, and he is employed as a gardener by one of the Doctor's descendants. Old Phipps has been more fortunate thau some of those who have had the kine-pox, and have afterwards died of the varioloid. Buried Alive— Almost, Not Quite. — A scene, strange as any founded on fiction, occured in this city ou Sunday last. We give it in the words of the gentleman who furnished us with the fact. li s veracity and its truth may be relied on. — It appears that a young Spaniard was lying in the last stages of yellow fever, next door to the printing office of Mr, G., in Char tress-street. The physician, Dr. B., was sent for, but before his arrival, the young man had ceased to live, according to the opinions of those in the house, so that when he arrived he found his patient covered with a white linen, and reported as dead. That very evening they washed and cleansed the young man, and having put on his burial dress, they laid him ou his bed nntil the morning. In the morn ing a coffin was got, and all the necessary preparations were made. He was then taken and put into his coffin, but no sooner was he dropped in it than he jumped up and asked where they were going to place him. They then conducted him to a coloured nurse-woman's house. He is yet very sick, but may perhaps live. It appears that he was in a lethargy. — N. O. Picayune. The Ludicrous.— The following story by J. Hogg is irresistible :— ' It's a good sign of a dog when his face grows like his master's. It's a proof he's a glowerin' up in his master's ee'n, to discover what he's thiukin' on, and then witinut the word or waive o' command, to be aff to execute the wull o' his silent thocht, whether it be to wear sheqp or run down deer. Hector got sae like me, afore he dee'd, that I remember that when I was owre lazy to gang to the kirk, I used to send him to take my place in the pew, and the minister ken't no difference. Indeed he ance asked me, next day, what I thocht o' the sermon; for he saw me wonderfu' attentive amang a rather sleepy congregation. Hector and me gned ane anither sic a look ! aud I feared Mr, Pa ton would have observed it, but he was a simple, primitive, unsus- pectin' auld man, a very Nathaniel without guile, and he jealoused nae thing, though both Hector and me was like to split ; and the dog after laughing in his sleeve for mair than a hundred yards, could stand it nae langer, but was obliged to loup awa' owre a hedge into a potato field, pretending to have scented partridges!" A Patriot's Sentiment.— Gen. Har rison is said, to have given the following toast at Cincinnati in 1830 ; ' Turning 'the 'Fables.— The ladies have heretofore -considered the privilege o! suing for breaches of promises in matri monial engagements to be exclusively theirs, and the sympathy which is always shown for distressed damsels, whose hearts and hopes have been broken together, has rather tended to confirm the impression. It seems, however, that men's hearts may be broken as well as maids', this important fact having been recently discovered by a jury in In diana, who sat in determination upon a case in which Dr. S. A. Fate, merchant, &c.;, of the town of Huntingdon, Indiana, brought suit against a> Mrs. Lavally, a widow lady, and laid his damages at 2,600 dollars. The jury did what thfey could towards healing the immediable wounds of the doctor, and soothed his lacerated feelings, by administering to his pocket 160 dollars -damages. A warning, to faithless females. 