SYDNEY. At a Meeting of St. Patrick s Society, \- held tbe School Room, Castlereagh- strC n Tuesday evening, 14th June, ?842, the Very Rev,' Francis Murphy in 4,he chair, the Annual Report of the pro ceedings of the committee during the past year was read oy the Secretary, shewing — The total amount of subscrip tions to 1st J«;ne,il842, was 3651 10 5 Of annual subscriptions to same period ............ 397 14 0 '4049 4 5 The total amount of cash fd« ceived to 1st June. 1842, on . account of above subscript tions. 2684 5 5 Leaving amount of subscriptions unpaid ...... £ 1000 2 0 Of annual sub scriptions un paid.-. ..... . 364 17 O \- — 1364 19 0 Amount of cash received for subscriptions as above ..£2684 5 5 Interest on de posits, &c.; .. 122 4 2 2S06 9 7 Amount of cash paid to 1st June, 1842 2070 IS 5 Leavingbalance in hand this 1st June, 1842 £735 11 2 The following resolutions were then unanimously carried. Moved by Mr. Thomas Coveny, se conded by Mr. T. Mailer : 1\. That the report now read be adopted Moved by Mr. T. Maher, seconded by Mr. John Coyle : \- 2: That the Right Rev. Dr. Folding be elected the Ecclesiastical Patron of St. Patrick's Society. Moved by Mr. John Coyle, seconded by Rev. P Fartellv : 3\. That the Very Rev. Francis Murphy he elected the President of this Society for the next twelve months. Moved by Mr. M'Encroe, seconded by Mr. P Hinchey - 4\. That the Rev. Michael Brennan be elected Vice President of tbis Society for the next twelve months. Moved by Rev. Michael Brennan, se conded by Mr. M'Guigan : 5- That Mr. John Coyle be elected Trea surer of St. Patrick's Society for the next twelve monihs. Moved by Mr. Thomas Smith, seconded by Mr. Jame3 Gannon : 6\. That Mr. Phillip M. Stallard, be elected Secretary to St. Patrick's Society for the ensuing twelve months. Moved bv Mr. H. GFIan.urnn. spenniTpd — — ' o — ; — by Mr. M. Connor : 7\. That the following gentlemen, toge- , ther with the Reverend Clergy of Sydney, fee elected on the Committee of St. Patrick's Society for the next twelve months, with power to add to their number ; five to constitute a qu. rum : — The Patron, Presi dent, Vice President, Treasurer, and Secre tary, ex officio, R. Therry, Esq., her Ma jesty's Attorney General, Dr. Harnett, Messrs. William Davis, John Coyle, R, D. Coveny, I'. B- Coveny, Thomas Smith, Michael Brown. Charles "Elliott, John Sharkey, Michael Gannon, John Hanton, J, Ewen, sen, Timothy Maher, James Briers, Charles Jenkins, James Gannon, Andrew Lenehan, William Galvin, A. J. B M Guigan, J. Morley, p. Hinchey, E. M'Encroe, and William Francis Hinchey. Moved by Mrr M'Guigan, seconded by Mr. John Coyle : 8\. That the thank9 of this meeting be given to the President for his valuable ser vices to the Society during the past year. Moved by Mr. H. G. Flanagan, se conded by Mr. P. M. Stallard : 9\. That the thanks of the meeting be given to Mr- John Coyle, for his exertions, as Treasurer of St. Patrick's Society. Moved by Mr. John Coyle, seconded by Rev. Michael Brennan : 10\. That the thank? of the meeting be given to Mr. P. M. Stallard, the Secretary, for his attention to the interests of St. Patrick's Society. Moved by Mr. O'Brien, seconded by Mr. Gilligan t 11\. That the thanks of 'the meeting be given to the Committee of St. Patrick's Society, for 'their arduous exertions and . great attention to the interests of the Society. Moved by Mr. Thomas Smith, seconded by Mr. Hinchey s 12\. That Mr. Michael Connor be elected one of the Committee of St. Patrick's So ciety. The Very Rev. Francis Murphy having quitted the chair, it was moved and duly -econded; that the Rev. M. Brennai do take the same. Moved and seconded ; That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Very Rev. F. Murphy, for his able and impartial conduct in the chair. .Car ried by acclamation.— Chronicle, 2nd July- Are tHe Marriages of Suspendep or Dfposf.d Ministers y aliv) To the ^Edi tors of the Sydney Herald. — Gentleman — As the validity of Dr. Lang's marriages has been lately referred to in your journal, I beg leave to mention some of the retsons which induce me to think that they vould not be sustained in a court of law or equi ty. Suspension or deposition depr'ves a Christian minister of all his ecclesiastical functions. After his deposition, or during the continuance of bis suspension, he can not legally perform any ministerial duty. Marriage can in this colony be lawfully so lemnised only by a regularly ordained mi nister ; and as Dr. Lang's suspension de prives him, during its continuance, of all the powers and privileges which were con ferred by his ordination, he cannot now perform any ministerial dutyo IIo may preach regularly in a place of worship, but that will not entitle him to solemnise mar riages.- Manv lavmen statedly conduct public worship ; but would the marriage of every local preacher be valid on that ac count ? Dr. Lang says he solemnised mar riages in this colony before the Govern ment acknowledged be had power to do so. But he was then a minister of the Chureb of Scotland, and as such he had a right to marry the members of that Church. The local government might forbid him, but the act of doing so would not be sanctioned by the British Parliament. It would be a violation of the Act of Union, which- se cures to Scotchmen and Englishmen equal piivileges. Dr. Lang says he was not sus pended till after he bad left the Synod. This may lead some to suppose that be was suspended because he left the Church of Scotland. But this was not the case. He might have left the Synod of Australia without being censured in the slightest de gree. He was suspendedj not because he gave up connexion with the Synod, but because he slandered his bre hren, and vio lated his ordination vow by following f' di visive courses" before he intimated his in tention of separating. It has been said that the Church of Scotland may still recog nise Dr. Lang ; this is impossible. Mr. Andrew, o' New Brunswick, appealed to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, in 1841 ; when that venerable body resolved unanimously, " That the Assembly cannot review the sentence of a Colonial Church Court, in reference to a minister ordained or licensed by thischurch, while he holds a church in the colonies, and is subject to their jurisdiction 5 but if from any excuse that connection is brought to an end j he then reverts back under the cognizance and jurisdiction of the courts of this Church. They also find that no con gregation in the colonies can be recognised by this Church which is not in connection with the Colonial Church Courts." This is quite conclusive with regard to the juris diction of. the Synod ; and as Dr. Lang has been deprived of his ministerial func tions by the proper Church Court, he can be regarded merely as a layman till restored by that Court, or till he receive ordination from some other communion. lie cannot reprove or ordain himself. A person who was deposed from the ministerial office in the mother country, arrived in Sydney some years since ; he seemed, like Doctor Lang, to fancy that he was still a Chris tian minister. He commenced to preach and marry ; but his conduct was produc tive of much evil. Many maintained that his marriages , were not valid; and one man urged me to marry blm to a second wife, after he had deserted the first, whose marriage he said was null and void. I have no wish to prevent any person from solem nising marriages who can do so legally 5 but I wish to prevent women and children from being deserted by those who should protect and support them. If the public wish to be married by suspended and de posed ministers, let a legal sanction be given to such marriages, that unprincipled and heartless men may not have it in their power to injure and forsake those who con fide in them. I have the honor to be, gen tlemen, your humble servant, James Ful- lerton — Although Dr L ing may be pu nishable for performing ecclesiastical acts while under suspension, we imagine there can be no reason to doubt the validity of those acts. There is an act of parliament in force in Ireland, declaring that any priest of the Church of England deposed by a bishop, who shall marry persons, shall suffer death ; and in the course of the last winter, a deposed clergyman whs conviet- ed under this act, and judgement of death recorded against hitn; although the sen tence was of course commuted ; but the validity of the marriage was not called into question. So with Dr. Lang ; he may be liable to both ecclesiastical censure and punishment from the civil law, and yet his marriages be perfectly valid — Eds. ; Colonel Barney. — We regret to hear 'hat Colonel Barney has received intima tion, although not officially, that be is about to be relieved from his command in this colony j few men have succeeded in ob taining more general respect than Colonel Barney ha9 done during the eight years he has resided among us. An Irish paper states that Colonel Gordon, the officer next above Colonel Barney, is to succeed him, while private letters say that Colonel Piper has obtained the appointment The last named officer is a near relation to Mr. Cox, of Hobartviile, and has long been anxious to be stationed in this Colony.— Heralfl, 2d July. The Sugar Company— A meeting of the shareholders in the new Sugar Company, was held yesterday, at the Royal Exchange Rooms, R. Campbell, jun., Esq. (of the Wharf), in the chair. The following reso lution was unanimously adopted — " That the full number of four hundred sbares and upwards having been subscribed for, the j . Committee do proceed forthwith, in con formity with the tenth clause of the deed of settlement, and that the directors be empowered to take the needful steps for completing the purchase of the estate, buildings, and works at Canterbury, and for commencing the manufactory as soon as possible.' This resolution having been adopted, the sharehblders present, repre senting more than half the body, proceeded to give their bills for the amount of their shares, and cheques for their deposits 5 and the directors present undertook to call on those who were not at the meeting, to procure their bills and deposits also. As soon as these shall have been paid up, the New Company will, obtain possession of the works at Canterbury, the conveyance having already been executed and signed, and left in the hands of Mr. Norton, as trustee between the parties, to be given up on payment of the sum agreed upon, in bills and cash by the New Company to the Old. This will be the work of a few days, and the manufacture of sugar will be com menced in about six weeks. Insolvency Registry.— We perceive by a circular issued by Mr. H. L. Braba- zon, that he has opened an office for the purpose of registering information respect ing insolvent estates, and intends furnish ing to subscribers a statement of the busi ness about to be transacted, or actually transacted, in the lasolvent Court, toge ther with notices of the progress of law business generally. A remembrancer of this description will, if carefully prepared, be found very useful to mercantile men, and indeed to all connected with business. — Ibid. MORETON BAY. — By a recent letter from Moreton Bay, we have received intelligence that Mr. Petrie, the enterprising over- seer of Government Works, returned from his expedition to Wide Bay, where he has made some very interesting discoveries. Our Correspondent has not been so com- municative as we could wish, but promises more ample details in a future letter. The country, in the vicinity of the Bay, is described as open forest land, covered with luxuriant herbage, well adapted for depasturing sheep ; a large river flows into the northern extremity of the Bay ; the water is deep, and will afford secure an- chorage for vessels of the largest tonnage. The party were visited at their camp, by some blacks, and two white men, who made their escape from one of the gangs at Moreton Bay, fifteen years ago. One of them had entirely forgotten his native language. Much valuable information re- garding the country and the aborigines, was obtained from these men, — giving the party an exalted idea of the simple plea- sures of savage life. Among other things, they described, with much gusto, the most approved method of roasting and eating the unlucky mortals killed or taken prisoners, during their feuds. One of the blacks, likewise, gave information as to who the parties were who murdered the two unfortunate shepherds at Messrs. Macken- zie's station, a few months ago; he de- scribed the whole transaction, and gave up a silver watch which was on the person of one of their (most unfortunate) victims. From a description given, indeed with con- siderable accuracy by the natives of the source and course of the river, which emp- ties itself into Wide Bay ; it would appear that it is the Condomine. This is an opinion which has been for some time advocated by several persons acquainted with Darl- ing Downs. The Condomine, it is well known, rises on the west side of the main Range : it takes a large sweep for above one hundred miles to the north west, and hen bends to the westward; when this river was last seen by the party who pre- viously explored its course, but who were stopped by impenetrable scrubs, it flowed considerably to the southward of west, but there is no visible impediment why it should not turn again to the eastward, or empty itself into some eastern river, and the main range itself sinks to the level of the surrounding country, at the northern extremity of the Downs, and as there is no mountain range visible to the north, the country possibly falls away to the level of the Wide Bay River, The Condomine flows for a long way through immense plains, a large portion of which evidently overflows during heavy floods ; it is unfor- tunate that the grass on those plains is too coarse and rank for sheep — this is, how- ever, not the case with the plains lying di- rectly under the main range, which are already covered with thriving stock. Notwithstanding the apparent accuracy of the blacks geography, we cannot help feeling somewhat sceptical as to the Wide Bay River and the Condomine being one, as the latter possesses the fish and all the attributes common to the western waters ; but we have no doubt that some enter- prising squatter will soon put the matter at rest. We sincerely hope that the time will soon come again when that body will meet with the more solid benefits which their spirit and hardihood so well deserve. A party has been formed to try and find a practical overland route from Brisbane to Wide Bay. Mr. Petrie accomplished his purpose by sea in an open boat. — Sydney Gazette, 25th June. A Hint for the Customs. — It has been suggested to us that it would be a consi derable check to smuggling, and facilitate the detection of parties concerned in it, if all the dutiable goods imported were brand ed with hot iron instead of paint, or what is worse (and in fact more absurd) one half the goods in some of the bonded ware houses are only marked with a composition of chalk and water. We do not pretend to know much of these things, but the latter practice (which we understand is adopted to save expense), should certainly be coun tenanced by the customs, opening as it does a wide field for defrauding the reve nue, and the proprietors of goods. — He rald, 1st July. The Olympic Theatre. — In conse quence of the insolvency of Signor Dalle Case, this buildings with its contents and ! appendages, was on Wednesday sold by public auction. The total proceeds of the sale was about £140. Mr. Aldis was the purchaser of the building for about £80.— Ibid. A Mode of Obtaining a Cheap Sad dle? — Between eight and nine o'clock on Monday night, a Mr. Roby having some business to transact at Mr. Rowland's china shop, Market-street, left his horse secured in the usual way at the door : on his return he was much surprised to find that the saddle had been removed. Information of the robbery was immediately given. One of the mounted police (private Hannon) observing a man near Corn Market with a saddle in his possession, which answered the description of that carried away from Mr. Rowland's door, proceeded lo interro gate the person who had it, as to where he obtained it. The man with the saddle- told him he had just brought it from Griffith's shop, where it had been repairing. Hannon was "still doubtful, and at the saddle bearer's invitation, went with him along Goulburn-street, in order to hear what the neighbours had to say as to. the owner ship of the saddle, and while turning the corner of Goul'ourn and Sussex-streets, the man took that opportunity of throwing the saddle with all bis force in his face, which he followed by plauling a Mendoza j on the M.P.'s face, after which he picked j up a large stone, and by getting a mob of his own class together, effected his escape. Sergeant Higgins, of the Sydney Police, havinggot a description of the thief; traced him to Parramatta, where. he apprehended him on Tuesday, and brought him safe to Sydney that same evening. The prisoner ! was brought up before Mr. Brenan yester day morning, when be was identified as Samuel Love, a well known gaoi bird, and who had only been freed from an iron gang a few dayg before his taking the saddle. The prisoner denied that be was the man who had been seen with the saddle on Mon day night, but unfortunately for him the Chief Constable produced John Smith, a ticket-of-leave holder, who had spoken to him with the saddle on his arm at the very instant when the mounted policeman came up. The prisoner was.fuliy committed for trial.— Ibid. The Njght Plunderers of Sydney! —The Sydney Police have at last secured about half a dozen men and women, raot of whom have been identified as connected ; with the late house robberies which have j taken place in the town during the last I four weeks, one of them, named Gamble, j was yesterday sworn to as having been j one of the men who bailed up Joe Jennings, \ also as one of the men who robbed Har ris's house in the same quarter, as well as having, on Saturday last, effected a forci ble entrance into a house in Druiit-s:ret, the residence of a blind man, whose draw- | ers were broken open, and bis lire threat j ened. Opportune assistance arriving, | Gamble and his companions fled, but in the i hurry he left his hat, coat, and neckerchief : behind him, which on being shown to the police was recognised by some cf them as ; the dress in which they had seen Gamble a i short time before the attack was made on the house in Druitt-street. The 'parties were all remanded yesterday, in order to allow several other witnesses to be brought up against him. — Ibid. Trotting Match — A match for four hundred sovereigns came off on the Par- ramatta Road on Tuesday last, between Mr. Pye's mare and Mr. Schofield's mare, which was won wi h difficulty by the former gentleman. The owners each rode their own horses, and it is said that it was the best contested match that has ever been seen in the colony. The distance per formed was upwards of sis miles ; the ank mals having- 6tarted from ' Jemmy thfe Jockeys,' to proceed from thence to Par- ramatta toll gate. Another match has been made to come off next Monday— from the Sydney toll gate, to a short distance from this side of Parramatta 5 the race is between Mr. Perry's poney of Penrith, and Mr. Penn's noney. The deposit has been made for 50 aside. The little animals are both of the Timor breed, and have sig nalized themselves frequently. This match, it is said, will be well contested, and afford a rich treat to the admirers of "the turf.'' — Sydney Gazette, 25th J une. Pedestrianism. — On Thursday a man known by the cognomen of " The flying Pieman" undertook, for a wager, to walk from the obelisk in Macquarie-plaee to nearly a mile beyond Parramatta and back again, a distance of thirty-two miles, in six hours ; he accomplished the task in five I hours and fifty-nine minutes, without being any way distressed. — Australasian Chro nicle, 25th June. Notice. — Custom House, Sydney, 25th June, 1842. — Much inconvenience having been experienced in the discharging, of vessels at the wharf occupied by Messrs. Dunlop and Co , known as Cox's Wharf, and it being expedient to discontinue the landing of goods there, notice i9 hereby given, that the sufferance granted for that wharf is from this time revoked ; and any goods, arriving from parts beyond sea, which may be landed there, will hence forward be liable to confiscation. J. Gibbes, Collector.— -Government Gazette, June 24. Australian Methodist Chapel. — On Monday last the foundation stone of a Me thodist Chapel was held at Newtown, after which a very respectable company of about fifty persons sat down to a tea service, which was got up in the open air, near to to the site of the intended chapel. The service commenced with the hymn — " Be fore Jehovah's awful throne," and an ap propriate prayer offered by Mr. Joseph Kingsbury, after which Mr. W. J. Jones gave out a hymn, and delivered an address embodying all the leading doctrines as taught by the Rev John Wesley, and which he said were to form the subjects of in struction . in their intended chapel. Mr Jones also remarked that the building, with the ground, which had been benevo- leutly presented for the purpose by Mr J, Kingsbury, would be made over to certai0 trustees, whose names were engraved on a brass plate he held in bis hand, and which he should immediately proceed to deposit underneath the foundation stone, and that the. conveyance in trust would be on the sole condition that the doctrines now enu merated would alone be preached. The doctrines to be taught, with the constitu tion of their bodv, would be recorded by deed-poll in her Majesty's High Court of Chancery. Mr. Jones then proceeded to deposit the plate and lay the stone, dedi cating the intended building to God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, one undivided Deity, Mr. John Garrett then gave out a hymn, and ad dressed his hearers, briefly adverting to the name they had taken, as " Australian Methodists," and noticing the occasion of their secession from the Wesleyan body j the leading remark of which seemed to be, that as the Methodists of this colony were absolutely English, they did not think that they ought to be considered as a foreign missionary station ; and that, therefore, further, as in the beginning of the year the aggrieved official members of the Wes- ieyan Society had failed to obtain that re dress, and effect that change, which they thought necessary, by what they, consi dered constitutional means, under extraor dinary circumstances, they had formed a new society, out of which the present pro ceedings had sprung. Mr, Garret pro ceeded to say that the chapel would be used as a Sabbath school for the rising ge neration of the locality, and that at no distant day he anticipated the formation of ! a day school within its walls. The com pany then sung the Doxology, and Mr. Joseph Kingsbury pronounced the bene diction. The day was remarkably fine, and we have no doubt will be long remem bered by every visitor on the occasion. The inscription on the plate was headed " Australian Methodist Chapel," and con tained the names of the persons who con ducted the services, the date on which the stone was laid, the names of the trustees, and an allusion to Sir George Gipps as Go vernor. — Communicated to the Sydney Herald, June 26. Insolvency Proceedings. — Wednes day, before .the Chief Commissioner. Proof of claims. — In the estate of Henry Thatcher, a first meeting : William Goad- isson, £14 6s 11d ; Hughes and Hosking, £39 10s 3d ; T. W. Bowden, £4 16s ; William Aikenhead, £16. In the estate of John Redman, a s ngle meeting: John Barnett, £38, George Evans, £61 5s 6d ; N. Dunn, £42 11s; Thomas Hilson, £127 15s 6d ; J Wedderburn, £55 1s ; Robert P. Cooke, £6 1s 3d; G. M. Thompson, £58 12s; H. Dickson, £11 18s ; W Jones, £20 8s 9d ; R. J. Want, £29 18s 8d. In the estate of J. W. Fulton, a single meeting: Jacob Josephson, £180 14s 9d ; Alexander Eraser, £381 13s. In the estate of John Morgan, a single meeting : John Mosgrove, £6 IS 6d In the estate of James Bradiey, a third meeting ; W. E. Rowland, £3 5s 3d; C. Fairs, £21 12s 3d ; James Howeson, £8 16s ; the church wardens of St. John's, Parramatta, £4 10s , William Bowen, £22s 10; G. Gwynne, £25; P. C. Gordon, 19 5s. In the estate of Edwin Augustus Hickey, a first meeting : Chambers and Thurlow, £42 5s; Jacob Josephson, 500; H M. Cock- burn, £4200: Kemp and Fairfax, £7 : James Norton, £36 13s 7d ; Gordon San- deman, £27 8s 6d ; Hughes and Hosking, £1518 16s 10d. In the estate of S. F Mann, a first meeting : R. Gowland, £28 1s 8d ; ditto, a second claim, £63 ; Mon- tefiore, Breillat and Co , 16 16s 2d ; M. Lennon, £10 ; Chambers and Holden, £24 12s 1d ; G. M. Stephen, £384 13s 4d ; John Smith, £105 0s 2d ; W. G. A. Fitzhardinge, £11 18s 2d ; Lewis Leon, £122 9s 6d ; Thomas Williams, £69 ; Hughes and Hosking, £682 15s 6d. In the estate of John Bailey, a single meeting : J. Tegg. £30. Thursday. — In the estate of Robert Longmore, a nrst meeting : ilemp and Fairfax, £4 17s 6d ; John South, £172 8? ifd ; Foss and Lloyd. 42 3s lid ; John Caldwell, £40 5s 6d; Benjamin Cutter, £l919s2d; William Pattison, £23. In the estate of Donald M'Gregor, a single meeting: Alexander Ros?, £6 8s 6d; Alexander M'Leod, £l 3s 6d ; John Mor- 1 rison, £4 5s j Moses Hock, £2; Roger M' Donald, £3 5s 6d; John Pomford, £2 IS s ; R. C. Gordon, £6 9s ; John Harper, i£8 14s ; Joseph Readman, £7 13s 3d. In the estate of Thomas Ashton, a third meeting: John Wedderburn, £27 14s 3d ; Hughes and Hosking, £75 4s 3d ; Kemp and Fairfax, £3 17s 6d. In the estate of John George Lynch, a second meeting , the "Australasian Chronicle," £7 9s 8d ; Burdekin- and Hawley, £69 8s lod ; Thomas Balcombe, £i.20 17s 3 Kemp and Fairfax, £5 19s lOd ; R. J. Want; £isl 14s 7d ; Stenhouse and Hardy, £29 7s 7d. lu the estate of J. M. Gray, a single meet ing : Richard Hayes, £23 5s ; Mark Rid- die Thompkins, J?ll 8s 6d. In the estate of George Leonard Cooper, a first meeting: A. Cooper, £4 18s ; Charles Driver, 15 1. In the estate of Alexander M'Guigan, a first meeting : Richard Gowland, 16J Os 2d; Thomas Williams, Si 3s j Pierce John Creagh, 2Sf 15s 8d ; Charles Bar tholomew, 6l 15s 9d; Thomas Broughton, 45 ; Burdekin and Hawley, 109/ j S. F. Mann's Trustee, 61/ 5s ; James M'Evov, 3/ 10s ; Street and Beaumont, 33/ 5s 7d. In the estate of James Stuart, a special meeting : William Forbes, 25/ j the Bank of Australasia, 82/ 13s Id. In the estate of Baron Barnard Coben, a single meeting : no claims proved. In the estate of John Stephenson Clarke, a second meeting : J. G. Richardson, 13/ lis ; Burdekin and Hawley, 60/; Kemp and Fairfax, 6/ 6s 6d ; John Neilson; 2/ 2s ; George Lawson, 38/ 16s ; R. Gowland, 11/ 18s 3d ; H. E. Hut chins, 10/ 10s; T. W. Bowden, 96/ 10s lid; John Fernhead, 33/ 14s; Samuel Wadesjn, 38/ 12s 7d ; William Valen'ine Thomas, 11/ Is 4d ; Joseph Samuel Han son, llC/j Robert Thomson, 35/ 14s 10d , James Newlands, 8/ ,8s 6d ; Leonard Pegler, 50/ ; Patrick Foley, 14/ ; Welch and Eldridge, 13/ 8a 6d ; Charles Morris, 3/ lQs.Sydney Herald, July 1. Friday. — In the estate of James Burfitt, a special meeting : John Darcey, 196/ lis 2d ; Bourne and Co., 293/ 10s lOd ; F. M. Stokes, 61 15s 6d ; William. Aikenhead; - 12/ 10s ; Francis Gaunwood, 48/ 4s Id; William Pendray, 129/ 6s ; J. and J. - Levick, 72/ lis 9d. In the estate of John Ains worth, a third meeting : John Wood, 7/ 153 8d. In the estate of Benson and Parkinson, a second meeting ; Richard Oswald Rielly. 4/ 12? SJ. In the estate of James Brady, a second meeting : William Goodison, 27/ Is 8d ; Joseph Andrews, 47/ 10s Id.; D. Jones and Co , 22 17s 9d; R. Bourne and Co., 10/ 16s lOd; the Trustee of the estate of W. Dal ton, 57 Z 14s 3d; Lewis Leon, 4l/7s lOd ; William Fogharty, 3/ 5s ; P. A. Thompson, 2/ 10s ; Burdekin and Hawley, 17Z 19s 9d. — Ibid, July 2. New Insolvent. — William Beresford Ofde, ; writing ck- rk, of PhilIip-street, Syd- nev, filed his schedule yesterday. — Ibid, July 1. New Insolvents. — The following sche dules were filed yesterday, Samuel Bailey Dowsett, of .Cumberland-street, printer ; Jas. Roberts, of Campbell-street, butcher's clerk ; and Alexander MKepzie, of Spring Hill, Illuwarra, settler,— Ibid, July 2. New Music — " Koorinda Braia," an Aboriginal Native Song, put into rythm, harmonised, and inscribed to Mrs. E Deas Thomson, by I. Nathan. Sydney, 1S42 — This, if not the most elaborate, is, to our taste, the most interesting, of Mr Nathan's colonial compositions, inasmuch as it is destined to be preserved as a memorial of ancient Australian melody after the race of ill fated aborigines shall have ceased for ever to sing and bold their corroborees on their invaded territories. The melody is extremely simple, and is preserved with great propriety by the composer in its ori ginal state- The harmony is also simple, but it is that kiud of simplicity in which the master hand appears to the greatest pos sible advantage. Before commencing the song, which is in common time, the na- "ives, by striking two pieces of wood against each other, beat two or three bars of per fect measure in treble time. Mr. Nathan has given a very good imitation for the piano of tbis kind of invocation a9 a pre lude to the air, which be gives first as a solo, with varied accompaniments, and con cludes the whole with a chorus for two trebles, two tenors, and bass, the stick beating process being again partially intro duced in the accompaniment, as well as the singular Australian cooey, which, however, Mr. Nathan very properly slates, has no relation to the melody, and is merely introduced ad libitum . The effect is certainly very curious. We would recom mend the composer to have this interest ing piece, published in London, where it cannot fail to attract attention from the many who feel an interest in every thing tending to, illustrate the manners and habits of savage tribes. We wish we could add that we hope the publication will be ap preciated in the colony as we are convinced it deserves to be. — Australasian Chronicle, July 2. The American whaler. Rebecca Sims, o New Bedford, has been very fortunate, having in 24 months procured 1600 bar rels sperm and 300 barrels black oil; but has been obliged to put into this port in consequence of having lost her rudder and false keel in a severe squall, and for the purpose of having which replaced she will have to be hove down. She rep >rfs having spoken the following vessels -October 1, 1841, the Offley, of London, off Ocean Is land. with 900 barrels sperm, out 25 months. October 4, the Onyx, of London, six weeks from Sydney, with 100 barrels sperm oil. November 29, the Caernarvon, of Sydney, with 500 barrels, and a whale alongside, out '36 months, (since which she ?as pui into xioDarc town, aiscnarged her < argo, and refreshed) . January 22, 1 842, the American ship Francis, Hus ty, with 750 barrels sperm, out 17 months. The Rebecca Sims touched at Rotum.ah, on the 8th of February, where she fou-id the American l a -que For u.ie,' with 350 barrels sperm, out 17 months 5 the barque Louisar Wright, of London, wi ll 40barre!s j and the Mary, of London, with 200 barrels, out nine months. She afterwards touched at Chatham Island, where she found the Gem, of Sydney, a total wrerk, having run ashore. Heard of the American ship Frank lin being at Chatham Island, 22nd May, with 2300 barrels black oil, 10 months out; and of the American ship Chariot being also there, April 20th, with 1400 barrels sperm ; also o'f the 'American ship Omega,. Captain Gardner, cruising off Chatham Island, 1 s t'June, with 1000 bar rels sperm oil. Spoke the schooner Kitty, from Cba ham Island bound to Port Nichol son, on the 25th May, having lost her anchor and part of the chain in the same squall that she sustained the damage which caused ber to put into this port.— Ibid. The Victoria is at present refitting. off the Commercial Wharf, and is about to proceed to Manilla to be sold ; if not pur chased there she will proceed to China. Her owners are fitting her out in a superior style, and we understand she will carry eight or ten brass guns. — Ibid. The Sophia Jane has returned from Jer- vis Bay, bringing a quantity of wheat from Nerriga, which is the first that has reached Sydney from the Argyle country. The road to Jervis Bay from Argyle is far ad« vanced, and there is no doubt of its being completed before the wool season 5 this \yill save upwards of a hundred miles of land carriage to the inhabitants of a large district.— Gazette, July 2. Printed and published at " The Melbourne limes' Office, Great' Cfollins- stre'et, Melbourne, New South Wales, by RrLAjrD JOHJV HOWARD 