ENGLISH. THE FITR.NCII NAVV.—The Kutional publishes a most desponding article on the state of the French Navy, in whicli it asserts that " want of discipline, disorder, and anarchy, are the characteristics of tint service;" that "the fleet is intrusted to incapa-' ble Commanders; " that " there are only sufficient ships for a first engagement; " that " the dockyards and erscnals are destitute of supplies ; " that " the sea-ports are the theatre of incredible dilapidations;" and that, " in fact, enormous sums arc squandered for no other purpose but to prevent the susceptibility ol the nation froiu being alarmed." The National adds, that " the late cruise made by Admiral Hugon, was directed without intelligence, and produced no other result than that of fatiguing the crews, and of furnishing new proofs of the incapacity of many Commanders who had been already reported to the Minister. Admiral Casy was obliged to announce to a Captain under his command, that whenever any difficult circumstances should occur, he (the Admiral) would feel himself compelled t-j take the command of hissliip." Admiral Hugon himself," continues the National, " knows no more about tactics than his Captains. On one occasion when the fleet was formed in columns, the Admiral, whoso position required that he should he the last to tack, was nevertheless tbe first to do so. Such an error could not be committed witli impunity in the farce of an enemy. Admiral Hugon migt sit with advantage at the Board of Admiralty, or might be safely interred in the Chamber of Peers, but his position at the head of a fleet is a question of life and death for that service." " Anothe fact which merits the serious attention of the country is, that since the reign of Louis XVJ. the supply ofnaval stores in the dockyard was never so deficient, wli'lst the navv budget proves that Great Britain, whose ships,according to Abd-el-Kadei's assertion, are soon to iotercept the passage lo Algiers, does much more than France with Jess money." DOUBLING THE PENNY POSTAGE.—We learn Irom what we have reason lo believe a quarter possessed of good information, that there is no solid security in whicli the public have been reposing on the subject of the penny postage, and the doubling the postage rale may be exprcted as one of the first measure^ of tbe new administration We can easily understand why the country squires, who nre aware that the benefit of the penny postage has been chiefly enjoyed by the industrious classess, should hail tho doubling ol tlie rate.—Morning Chronicle. [Il is more likely if what we hear he true, lo be advanced to a threepenny rate.— Globe.—] 3 Vauxhall Careens were sold yesterday lo a gentleman named Fowler, for £20,000. What would the illustrious Simpson have said to such a profanation of " the Royal property 1" NEW ZEALAND COMPANY.—A very lively and interesting scene occurred on Friday off the West India Dock entrance at Blackwall, by the preparation for departure of three fine vessels with improvers lor " Nelson," the second colony of New Zealand. The directors of the company and several hundred persons of rank and wealth met there to bid farewell to the enteiiwistng emigrants. After .viewing the admimble sir- rpagements made for llie comforts of, all on board, the directors returned to the West India Dock Tavern, where a sumptuous breakfast was provided in the large room. Tlic Duke of Sussex look tlie diair, and was supported on the right by the Karl of Devon, aud upon the left by Joseph Somes, Esq the Governor of the Company. The rapid progress which llie grand undertaking of colonising New Zealand has made was more than once alluded to by his Royal Highness and other distinguished speakers of both sides of of politics, and its many advantages were dwelt upon with much sincerity and feeling. Several gentlemen of the first families go out with this expedition, which will be closely followed by several first-rate ships. Curious Elopement at Casteiiiiury. —Some interest has b^en cxcited in this city during the last few days by the report of a young ladv, about eighteen years of a^e, and very respectably connected, having doped from her .'atlier's residence in London, and taken refuge in a lodging-house in this city. It appears that she left home last week veiy unexpectedly, throwing her family into the utmost distres by her abrupt and unaccountable departure, and the more so be- cause no clue could be discovered as to the '' direction she had taken. Slie came from town by a Margate steamer, and having taken up her abode here, her superior accomplishments and elegant dress excited the qttenlion or her landlady, who discovered whence she had come and immediately conveyed the intelligence of her retreat to her distressed relatives, who came hither on Monday last, in quest of her. I3ut the young lady, having found that Iit retreat was no lunger concealed, was iu the act of making her way out of the town whan she was espied by her relatives (her father and brothers), and she ran away towards Slurry. A nimble runner gave chase, but he could not come up to her before she arrived in that village, where she was obliged to give in from exhaustion. The speed with which she travelled over the ground is almost incredible. The man who pursued her is considered an excellent runner; bul it appears probable that had it not bee.i for his superior strength to undergo the chase, he oould scarcely have hoped lo gain his object. The result of her capture was, that she was restored to her relatives, but she persisted in refusing to return home, and they were compelled to leave her in charge of some persons in this city, though not without experiencing the most poignant grief. No cause can be assigned for her leaving home, excepting that slie is subject to mental aberrations. It is fortunate that her friends so soon gained tidings of her concealment, or she might have fallen into the haunts oi' infamy, especially as she was totally destitute of pecuniary resources, and an entire stranger to this pa t. It does not app?ar that she lias formed any acquaintance, since she left home, beyond that of the people in whose house she had sought an asylum.- Kentish Observer. Take Care or voor Baggage.—A friend of ours on landing from a steam-boat the other day, gave his wife in charge of u stranger, and has not since heard of her.— American Paper. Ltkciiixg Gamblers.—From Fifty to Seventy Five Persons Murdered.—The section of country above and below the mouth of White River, on the Mississippi, Iiac been four years infested with gangs of g-amblers and counterfeiters. Islands 67, 68, 69, were notorious resorts for them. The people of Cahoma county, Mississippi, and from the opposite sids of the river, determined to rid themselves of such pests; and our information is, that they succeeded in capturing from 50 to 75 of them. On the 3rd of August they placed ihcm on board a trading bark, took her to an unfrequented place, so that there might be no witnesses, and shot and drowned them all. A portion of the names of the sufferers have been furnished to us They are, Hugh Tully, the chief of llie gang, Dolphus Kingston, M'Loghlin, Joe Cotton, Hugh Norris, Joseph Merriolt, Wells Pollock and James Macaulay. When the Baltic pussed up, the citizens were on their way down the river, engaged in burning the houses occupied by the victims of their vengeance. No violence was offered the families who were in them, but they were ordered to leave their homes for ever. It was further slated that the cashier of their counterfeiting establishment was found in the river at Columbia dead. All the implements of rascalitv were found about the premisss of the murdered men. A large amount of counterfeit bank notes was discovered, consisting of 50 and 100 dols. notes ou the Commercial Bank of New Orleans, not signed ; and 1, 2, and 3. dol. notes of the Third Municipality, New Orleans. The gamblers and counterfeiters, who have thus suffered so terrible a death were no doubt rascals of the deepest die. They may have committed all the offences with which they were charged \- -murder, the stealing of negroes, robbery — in a word, have violated every law; but, having them in their power, their numberless climes caii offer no excuse for the coldblooded inurdcr of so many men. In comparison with this cruel act of the mob, the crimes of the sufferers sink into insigmfi^ cance. A " Ghost" in Caudiudge.—The inhabitants of Sidney Sussex College Lodge have lately been alarmed by a supernatural visitation of a very awful description. The following are, as far as we can learn, the circumstances of this extraordinary affair: On Friday night last, about the dread hour of midnight, the nursery maids, who were about retiring to rest, were terrified by hearing several strange aud mysterious noises; the sounds appeared to proceed from the staircase ; presently they ceased, and the door of the nursery was slowly opened, and a figure of tall and unnatural proportionspresented itself before the horrorstiuck maids. The appearance had a head white and ghastly, lung legs, also white, but the body was distinguished only by a dim outline. The body was a shadow—it was a thing of head and legs. The affrighted maids rushed shrieking from the room—the lodge was arouKed—the police were called in, but no trace ol the apparition was visible. unless a curious odour which perfumed ! the apartment might be considered so. Next morning a precognition was made by Mr. Skrine and Captain Purchase, two of our magistrates, but nothing was discovered The affair remains shrouded in mystery.— Cambridge Advertiser. — We are happy in being enabled to state that the delicate question mooted among liie beaumon&e;, relative to the admission of the lady of Sir. Edward Sugden to the Castle, has been most satisfactorily arranged. All differences are merged, and such Drawing Rooms as the Countess De Grey's are anticipated to be, and such balls and parties as are already planned, and such a stream of pleasure and delight as is expected to flow through the gay hall of Dublin this coming season, were never known before. —In the anatomy school at Oxford, among other curiosities, they show the skeleton ofa woman who had ten husbands, and was hanged at the age of thirty-six for the murder of four of tliem. Rumoured Changes on tub Scotisii Bench.—It is generally understood that the Lord President of the Court of-session will in a short time retire frum the high station which he has honourably occupied for so many years; and that he will be succeeded by tlie Lord Justice Clerk, whose place will be occupied by the present Dean of Faculty, It is said' further, that the choice of the faculty in filling up this latter honourable office with fall on Mr. Wood, the present Steward of Kirkudbright. On Thursday the Right Hon. Sir William Rae, Bart., who has now for the third time been appointed Lord Advocate was sworn into office at the Lord President's The commission of Duncan M'Neil, Esq., Solici'or-Gcneral, is expected to arrive immediately. It is reported that the deputy advocates are Rober Whigham, Adam Urquhart, David Milne, and Mark Napier, E<qs., the three first-named gentlemen, along with Patrick Robertson, E>q , senior advocate-deputy,having been frown counsel in 1835 — l.imcrick Standard, September 16. Brother Jonathan and the Poi'e.— Brother Jonathan aud his Holiness the Pope will shortly fall lo loggeiheads, unless the Vicar of Christ reverse the order of apostolical salutation by the lip worship of a part of Jonathan's person, quite as unattractive as the papal toe. It appears that, soT.e two or three years ago, the Pope summoned llie Bishop of Delioil to Rome. The Bishop Dr. Rees, obeyed the summons, when his Holiness ordered him to resign his diocese. This the Yankee prelate relused, and was at once consigned to the dungeons of the Inquisition. These facts were reported to Congress, and it was expected that the President would call the Pope to a severe account for the incarceration ofan American citizen, for ecclesiactical acts alleged to have been committed within the jurisdiction ol the Uuiled States. The affair was making a stir.—G lasgow Courier. 