LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. CIIHISTKNIKG OF THE TIUXCE OF WALES. 'This ceremony was performed with great pomp at St. George's Chapel, Windsor. His Majesty the King of Prussia was present on the occasion. We have only space to make the following extract from a lengthy report of this interesting proceeding : — The Christening. — On the Queen's enter ing the choir, the grand march from Judas Mac cabeus was performed on the organ by Dr. Elvey. Before its completion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, and a signal was given to discontinu^-the performance. It was understood that her Majesty hud expressed a wish that the ceremony should not be protracted by instru mental performances, and that it was in compli ance with the Queen's express desire and that alone that any abreviation took place in the musical arrangements previously decided on. The organ having ceased the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of the bap tismal service. His Grace read the beautiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impressive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Archbishop came to the questions pro pounded to the godfathers and godmothers of children brought to be baptised. His Grace then turning to the sponsors, most impressively de manded of them as follows: — ' Dost thou, in the name of this Child, renounce the Devil and all. his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, and the carnal desires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow, nor he led by them ? To this the King of Prussiarepliedforthe spon sors generally, in conformity with the words of the Liturgy, 'I renounce them all.' His Majesty delivered this sentence and the other responses in the service quickly, but distinctly and emphati cally. His accent did not appear to he at all that of a foreigner. ' ' The Archbishop having arrived at that part of the service in which he is to take the child into his arms, her Grace the Duchess of Buccleuch received the infant Prince from the nurse, who stood close to the Queen and Prince Albert, and. de- livered his Royal Highness to the Archbishop'. His Grace held the royal child in his arms with the greatest care, surrendering the prayer book to the Bishop of London, who held it tor him during this part of the solemnity. His Grace then turned to the King of Prussia . and the otiier sponsors, and said, ' Name this child.' . His Majesty re plied in a clear voice, ' We name him. Albert Edward.' The Archbishop tJieri performed the holy rite of sprinkling and signing the mark of die cross upon the child's forehead, -saying, ' Air bert Edward Lbaptize thee, in the name of the .Father, and of the Son, . and of jLe, Holy .Ghost.'? The organ gave forth, and the congregation joined in a solemn ' Amen.' The Prince lifted his little hands on being sprinkled and crossed. - The Archbishop, then delivered up the Prince to the Mistress of the Robes, w&o; carried iis Royal Highness to his nurse. Priflce Albert was observed to watch most attentively his Royal Highness's progress from the font to tlie nurse s arms. The Queen also cast glances of motherly pride and delight at the youthfiil lipir.to the throne. The Prince of Wales appeared to be a remarkably i?ne boy, and behaved with most princely decorum. '!' ,'' - . The Archbishop then offered up the thanks giving for the admission of thechild as a member of Clirist's Church, and then, all kneeling, _the holy prayer given to Christians ty. the Saviour was most impressively delivered'. At this moment the scene was solemn and magnificent in the exr treme. and would afford a worthy subject for the pencil of the artist.' ' At the conclusion -of tbe service the Prince was carried from the ; choir to the chapteivroom ' and theorean pealed forth -tiie*aagmficent ' Halle luiah Chorus' of Handel. Prince Albert was ob served to beat time during its performance, and the Queen cast repeated glances at the organ gal lery, which, without any great stretch of imagi nation, might be construed to be expressive of her Majesty's satisfaction and approbation. Her Majesty also once or twice during the ceremony addressed herself to Prince Albert and the Lord Chamberlain. The chorus having been brought to a conclu sion, the Queen curtseyed most gracefully, first to tbe King of Prussia and the Sponsors, then to the Archbishop and the Ecclesiastics, and then, with a kindly smile, to her uncle, the Duke of Sussex, who stood nearher. Then taking Prince Albert's arm, her Majesty left the choir in the same form as she entered it. The Queen having retired, the King oi Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered his arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge and the rest of the Royal party. The«Jfrc1ibishops and other Prelates next passed out of «Se chapel, leaving it by the south door. The company assembled in the body of the choir were then permitted to pass to the altar table, to inspect the plate, tbe font, &c.; Great anxiety was shown to dip a handkerchief or glove into the water of the font brought. from the Jordan, with a view to treasure up such articles as remi niscenses of this auspicious occasion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach to the font and altar, that it was some time ere the chapel could be finally cleared. ? Among the occurrences of the day most parti cularly observed, was the devotion'evinced by the King of Prussia. During the performance of the baptismal service his Majesty never once was seen to take his eyes ' from his book, save when he was called upon to answer the interro gatories of the Archbishop. His Majesty's con duct throughout tbe service was indeed a pattern for princes and for subjects. Mr. Hayter was present, by command of her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony ; and Mr. Baxter, the artist, was present, by her Majesty's permission, for the same purpose. Mr. Thesiker has been prevailed on to take the place of Mr. Sergeant Taliburd, as leading advo cate of the rights of literature and science in ths House of Commons, and that lie has for some time been preparing a new. bill for the further extension of copyright ; which, however will be found extremely different in detail from the Ser geant's. Mr. Charles Dickens sailed in the Britannia, from Liverpool, on Wednesday, on his way to the United States. The papers of the week announce the sudden death, by apoplexy, of Mr. Edward Howard, the author of ' Rattlin the Reefer,' the ' Old Com modore,' 'Outward Bound,' ' Jack Ashore,' the ' Life of Sir Sydney Smith,' and many other popular works. Mr. Peelj an uncle of Sir Robert Peel, died very suddenly at Exmouth, in Devonshire, on Wednesday, January 5th ; having fallen from his chair in a fit of apoplexy while sitting at table with his son. He died intestate. It is rumoured that he has left upwards of two millions of money. The trial of William Styles Gocdjve and Wm. Williams, the late cashiers of the Chichester Old Bank, took place on Monday the 3rd January, at the Town-hall of Chichester. The indictment was for the embezzlement of cash and notes. When the bank stopped payment, a. deficiency of £84 8s. was discovered in the accounts ; but there ap peared to have been a gross mismanagement on the part of the principals — the accounts had not been balanced or twenty years. A verdict of ac quittal was recorded in both cases. Thomas Hewett, a chartist, was indicted at the Norwich Quarter Sessions, for a riot at Catton New Church. He was a ringleader in creating a disturbance during the consecration of the church. The jury found him guilty of the minor offence of unlawfully assembling. He was sentenced to. imprisonment for two months, and to find sureties himself in £100, and two householders in ?£ 50 each, to keep the peace for twelve months. I Dr. Fowler, Bishop of O'ssory, Ferns, and Leighlin, Ireland, against whom a commission of lunacy was jecently taken out, expired at the Palace, Kilkenny, in January last. The deceased Prelate was in the 76th year of his age, and was consecrated Bishop of Ossory in May 1818. On Sunday afternoon, the Conway, 26, Captain Bethune, from China, .having on board two mil lions of dollars, anchored in Plymouth Sound. She brings home many invalids from the.squadron in the Chinese seas. She .was .at the. Cape of Good Hope on the 1st October. Government, it is currently reported, has re solved to establish a line of steam communication between the Pacific coast of- South America and New Zealand, and the Australian Colonies. The authorities of Panama, we' may add, have invited an English engineer to survey a line of railroad across the Isthmus, and are most desirous that the line should be executed by an English company, k to which they are prepared to ? grant extensive , privileges. We learn that the Queen has been pleased to grant to the forces employed at the capture of the outworks of Canton, out of the 'sum received un der the convention, donation equal to' one year's amount. of the Indian' allowance known by the name of ''BatU.' The 'shares of Colonels will be £900 each; of Lieutenant-Colonels, £720 ; of Majors,: £640; of Captains, £210; of Lieutenants, £144, Sen.; the Kdfficers'if the Navy sharing ac cording to their relative rank with' those of the Army. Those who were not JireSent at the oper ations against Canton,' but Who were engaged in other operations of the wjir, such' as .the taking of Chusan, arc to receive six months Batta. The Gazette notifies1 the appointment, of the Right Honorable Henry. Hobhouse to the Com mission of Inquiry into the Exchequer bill fraud, and the management of the Exchequer Bill Of fice, in the room of Lord Ashburton. The Lord Chancellor, has appointed Mr, Her man Dire Mertens, of Margate, to. .be Master Extraordinary in the High Court.of Chancery, We understand that, the Marquis of Exeter will be appointed Lord-Lieutenant of. the county of Northampton, in the place .of the late Earl of Westmoreland/. Authentic accounts have been received of the death of the second son of Sir Walter Scott, at Teheran. . ? . ? . t ? 