MISCELLANEOUS. J»/inisfertall.tíerai«re.-Although the path of literature does not lead to political office and influence so directly in this country as in France and Germany, there is yet a fair sprinkling of literary taste and talent to be found in the composition of all our ministries. For example, in the party which has been ousted, we had the premier. Lord Melbourne's early penman in Belles Lettres and poetry and the three secretaries each of them authors Lord Palmerston of satirical poetry, &c.; ; Lord Normanby of works of fiction and Lord John Russell of history, the drama, and essays ; the president of the board of control, Sir J. Hobhouse, published interesting classical notes upon Byron ; Mr. Secretary Macaulay is a distinguished reviewer; Mr. Shiel a successful dramatist; and Sir H. Parnell (now a peer) a voluminous statist and political writer. Among their successors, Lord Wharn cliffe is a biographer ; Lord Aberdeen an eminent Greek antiquary and general classical scholar, besides being president of the Antiquaries ; Lord Ripon president of the Royal Society of Literature, and an able and elegant writer ; Lord de Gray president of the Architects ; Mr. Gladstone a powerful controversialist ; Mr. Emerson Tennent a delightful tourist and the Duke of Wellington the author of Despatches reiterate Gazette. The Duke of Wellington's Umbrella-A fancy fair for charitable purposes was held lately at Crossden, between Twickenham and Teddington, by some of the ladies resident in that neighbourhood. The Duke of Wellington, having been present, had gone away, leaving his umbrella behind him, whereupon Lady P-? immediately said, "Who will give twenty guineas for the duke's umbrella ?" In one moment a purchaser was found, and on his grace's return the fact was communicated to him, when he good-naturedly remarked, "I'll soon supply you with umbrellas if you can sell them so much to the advantage of the charity." Cast-Iron Church-st. George's church, Everton, Liverpool, is an object of considerable interest for its taste, and as having been nearly the first iron church erected in Great Britain. The whole of the framework of the windows, doors, groins, roofs, pulpit, ornamental enrichments, are of cast-iron. The length is 119 feet, the breadth is 47\. It is ornamented by a splendid cast- iron window of stained glass. It is not perhaps generally known that a great proportion of the larger manufactories erected in England within the last ten years are all iron except the walls. And within two years past several cottages and country villas have been put up near London which are exclusively cast-iron walls, doors, steps, roofs, chimneys, sash, &c.; In England, where wood is dear and iron cheap, the first cost of such buildings is less than those of timber. In durability and beauty they are, of course, unequalled. When once finished, such buildings require no repairs; and the most finely carved ornaments cost little more than plain castings. Cambridge Chronicle. An Interesting Experiment Captain Taylor, the well known inventor of the SubMarine Armour, made quite an interesting experiment of his apparatus yesterday-noon, at the Navy yard, in presence of a number of officers of the navy and invited strangers. The gunner of the yard had consented to descend with the armour, and at one o'clock the preparations commenced. Without removing any part of his usual apparel, other than his coat, the gunner proceeded to equip himself, by fastening on a pair of broad copper bracelets on each leg, reaching from the ankle to the knee, and connecting with strong brass rings encircling the leg to the hip, where they were fastened to a series of broad copper bands, reaching to the waist and over this armour, as it may very properly be termed, was drawn a pair of strong leather pantaloons, with feet, overlapping and fastening them to a broad and heavy brass circle, which joined to the upper part of the dress by strong clamps. The remaining portion, covering the head and breast, was formed in one piece of heavy copper, but of a very uncouth shape, having an eye fixed into the top, for the purpose of enabling it to be hooked on to a tackle. in the side of the breastplate, holes are cut for the arms to pass through ; and in the front of the eyes is a circular hole, about three inches in diameter, ou in which a frame screws, in which is fixed a piece of strong glass. Just below the face the air-pipe is fixed, connecting with a forcing pump, which was worked by two men. The pipe for the escape of the bad air is fixed at the back, and in such a manner as to allow of a perfectly free escape of the air, without the water being able to enter. The covering for the arms, and of leather, securely fastened on to the breastplate, are so pliable as to allow of a very free motion of the arms. Around the lower edge of the breastplate is fixed a brass circle, similar to that on the pantaloons. These fit closely together, and are held by strong clamps. The dress having been completely donned, the pump was set in motion, and the adventurer was swung off the platform by means of the tackle, and lowered into the water ; but, although heavy weights had been fixed to his uncles and body,, he, on the first attempt being made, floated. Additional weight having been fastened on, he sunk gently down below the surface, and remained there for the length of six minutes, when, at the desire of several of the spectators, he was again drawn to the surface, and speedily freed from his cumbrous apparel. He came out perfectly dry, and declared that he was perfectly easy under the water, and could remain ! below for a week. The experiment was successful in every sense, and fully established the great utility of the invention. Captain Taylor, in person, superintended the experiment.-Philadelphia United States Gazette, Aug. 31. The Art of Terrifying ; oran Agreeable Fellow. Prince Belloselsky possessed to an eminent degree the talent of telling a ghost story. At a large party, one evening the ladies drew their chairs around him, and exclaimed," Do, Prince, terrify us a little." Upon this the Prince ordered the lights to be extinguished, with the exception of one, which was left burning in an adjoining apartment, the door of which remained ajar. The narrator commenced his tale, which turned upon the apparition of a horrid phantom, advancing slowly, in the midst of darkness visible towards a person in bed. For the last ten minutes the Prince had kept his band extended on a marble table, his voice assumed a sepulchral tone. All at once he applied his icy hand upon the bare arm of his hostess, who uttered a piercing scream. The terrified auditors rushed into the other room, and, in their confusion, extinguished the solitary light. The sudden darkness redoubled their panic. At last the servants made their appearance with flambeaux and the Prince, who began to be alarmed at the success of his experiment, succeeded with some difficulty in calming the apprehensions of his fair audience. " Ladies," said he, " 'tis all your own fault ; you requested me to terrify you a little, and I like to make myself agreeable." Fashions in Feet, or the Tale of the BenulifulTo-To.-. If any of our lovely countrywomen should meet a Chinese lady, they would deem her lot unblessed at least the first idea that would occur to them would be, that they would not stand in her shoes. The Chinese ladies do not understand long measure;" at all events, their table is peculiar, as they have but three inches to a foot. A curious fact in their anatomy is, that their toes are bent, and twenty in number, being doubled under the sole ; thus, even though their feet move forward, their toes go backwards. They are extremely contentious: they cannot meet without scuffling. Their walk is uneasy : they seem to move with pain and how should it be otherwise, when nails are under their feet ? Yet, though feet so diminutive are, at present, and have been for many centuries, worn by the celestial Indies, this was not always the case. A French postillion has been described as all boots ; the sage Yahoo spoke of the softer sex in his time as all slippers ; yet it is true that even this expression seems to set them upon a bad footing. Their feet were not always so small. You shall find in Chinese histories that the Emperor Mine, who came to the throne in the thirty first year of the sixty-first cycle, (A.D. 934,) had a beautiful empress, To-To, whose feet in length rejoiced in their complement of exactly twelve inches. The emperor loved ' his lady with imperial measure of attachment; indeed, he regarded her single self with more affection than he entertained besides for any two of his handmaidens, and he would seldom absent himself from her society, except when it was necessary for him to give audience, that is to smoke a quiet hooks in presence of his ministers in the celestial council-chamber. The custom of the country rendered it impossible that To-To should attend him there; but, when the formal conference was over, he would frequently detain IIM favorite minister, Him, in whose character and wisdom he had great confidence and retiring to a more snug apartment, would invite the empress to join them in a cosy pipe. On such occasions state business was a second time discussed, and the decisions of the lesser council often annulled and superseded to those of the greater The Porcelain Tower. Glass church bells are among modern wonders. One has just been cast in Sweden. Its diameter is six feet, and its tone is said to be finer than any metal bell. George Colman, getting out of a hackney coach one night, gave the drivers shilling. " This is a bad shilling, sir," said Jarvey. " Then it's all right," said George, with his inimitable chuckle ; " it's all right ; yours is a bad coach." The New York Mirror says that a Yankee, down in the Bay State, has invented a kind of musical clock, and that he had it attached to a cradle hung on pivots. The pendulum rocks the cradle, and the musical department sings the baby to sleep. Over the door of a vender of varieties in a country village is-" Licentious dealer in Buckey and Snuff." 