DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. SEMI-WEEKLY ABSTRACT The Pavilion opened for the season on Thursday night last. The attendance was far from numerous; the disappointment is accounted for by the managers in various ways; it is attributed partly to the post- ponement of the play from Monday to Thursday night — partly to the departure from the original day announced, which was Monday, the 15th— partly to the bad weather and streets — and partly to the re- production of the two pieces for the open- ing-night of the new season, with which the past had so lately closed. The curtain, however, rose punctually at half-past seven, and the corps dramatique were welcomed to the stage, whence for so many nights they had contributed to the amusements, and re- ceived the plaudits of the Melbourne pub- lic. " Blue Beard," the opening piece, was cast in the same way as before ; its success has not, however, upon either occasion, been decided or gratifying; the scenery and processions were remarkably good, and, in the business of the piece, the performers appeared to be more perfect than before. There is little, either of plot, character or incidents, to render " Blue Beard" striking, otherwise than as a Spectacle. The effect in the principal scenes-thc arrival of the monster hero, the secret chamber, and the death of Blue Beard — was well managed, and better displayed than on the previous night of its performance. The duet of "Tink, tink, a tink," between Miss Sinclair and Mr. Buckingham, and who, as the "favourite slaves," almost supported the piece, was prettily delivered. Capper's personation of the dotard Abomilech was a happy effort; and Bathurst kept up his first success in " Blue Beard." The after- piece, which was the " Rendezvous," elicited as much mirth as before. Buckingham and Capper had the leading characters, and certainly feigned the laughable terror of Quake and Simon to perfection. Mr. Davies and Mr. Blake, whose appearance was a debut, enacted the gentlemen lovers, in which they were well supported by Miss Southall and Mrs. Avins as Lucretia and Sophia; it is to be regretted, that the for- mer, whose idea of Sophia's character is certainly her best performance on the stage, should have been less perfect in the reading than the renewal of the play itself and its frequent rehearsals warranted. Miss Sin- clair, in the Lady's Maid of the play, was spirited and natural. Molloy's case continues to form a sub- ject of newspaper discussion. The last Times, in a "medico-legal" notice of its merits, remarks, that numerous cases are on record where the most artful and deter- mined process of feigning madness and disease has been supported. To this state- ment, we are not prepared to enter an un- qualified denial, because nothing can be more notorious than the impositions prac- tised by beggars in every country, as to the affliction of diseases which do not exist. This distinction, however, should be made, that Molloy is not pretending pain, but absence of pain ; he allows himself to be branded with a hot iron — to have scalding substances poured down his throat — and to be stabbed with a penknife. Now, this paralyzation of feeling usually arises from induration of the brain; and although Molloy might feign madness, it is hardly possible to believe in his physical resistance to such cruel and torturing tests. The for- mer habits or the prisoner offer the clearest proofs of his probable madness, and leave us no room to doubt, that his strange and unnatural conduct arises from the paralyzing disease of the brain, which we have de- scribed. Some years since an honest old fellow who had been for many years a collector of newspaper debts, departed this life, much regretted by his employers. Among the goods and chattels of which he died possessed, was a much-worn memorandum- book, with parchment cover, in which he had recorded the various incidents, &c.;, which oocurred in his peregrinations. Twenty-five of its pages were found filled with a continued repetition of the well- known order, "call again," at the end of which was written, in the handwriting of the deceased, as follows:— " For the space of fifty years, I have been a collector of debts due to editors and proprietors of sundry newspapers in these United States; and during this space I have kept a regular and correct account of the number of times I have been requested, nay, obliged by different individuals; to "call again" with the expense accruing thereon, viz: During the fifty years, six thousand times. Ex- pense of 'calling again,' 2,000 dollars. Died insolvent before I could 'call again,' on fifteen hundred subscribers. Editors' and proprietors' total loss, 9,500 dollars. — American Paper. Mr. Plunkett the Attorney-General of New South Wales, was introduced to the Queen on the eve of his departure for this Colony. It is said this gentleman has been rendering his assistance towards framing the new Bill for the Government of these Colonies about to be introduced by Lord Stanley. A new method has been invented of curing meat in a very short time— a dis- cription of which may be useful to the local salting company. The meat to be cured is placed in an iron vessel of considerable strength, connected by a pipe and stop- cock with the brine tub, also with an ex- hausting pump. The cover having been screwed down upon the vessel, the air is extracted and a vacuum established, where- upon, the stop-cock being properly turned, the brine rushes in and takes the place of the air, filling the pores of the meat, and penetrating thoroughly the animal sub- stance. 'Lest, however, some parts of the meat might not have been impregnated with pickle, by this re-action and the com- mon atmospheric , pressure more of the liquid from the tub, prepared to taste with salt alone, or with saltpetre, or sugar, or spice, or alum in the case of hides, is pump- ed in by a small condensing engine (con- nected, of course, also with the iron vessel,) until a pressure of about 150lbs. on the square inch be attained. Now, the animal substance is allowed to remain under pres- sure for about ten minutes, and the process is complete. The meat when taken out is thoroughly saturated with the brine, the full flavour of which is imparted to it, and well cured, as it is termed. From the Times of the 22nd we find on reference to Lord Stanley's Bill for the re- gulation of the sale of lands in New Zea- land and Australia, that on the 21st he had in his place in the House of Commons ob- served that he was accidentally absent on the previous night when the order of the day was read for going into committee on this bill, and he should now propose to 'postpone it until the 25th instant, if it could be then brought on. As there could be but one object in passing this bill, he should be personally obliged to any hon. member who might have any objections to it in its pre- sent shape to state them to him out of the house, so that all difficulty in the way of its passing might be prevented. The Pavilion opens again on Monday night next. The performances advertised are Spectre Bridegroom, or, A Ghost in spite of himself ; to conclude with The Mountain Devil. As both the pieces are novelties, the attraction will be of the first order. Mr. Rucker has sent to this paper a com- munication from which we derive, that the construction placed upon his affidavit, in reference to the Carrington Case, was er- roneous to a certain extent. It does not seem that the accounts produced by him in Court could have thrown any light on the transactions between Carrington and Snodgrass. This complicated case, there fore, remains as much in the dark as ever, and until it is seen what the result of the examinations ordered by the Resident Judge into their several accounts with the several banks may produce, further speculation would be vain. If the case should be re- opened in Sydney, this will be the only means left by which to decide the dispute pending between the litigants. The alarming state of the Colonies is driving back a number of the oldest colonists who, during the late prosperity, were tempted into visiting England and enjoying the fruits of their richly rewarded enterprise. By late arrivals, Mr. Pullar, of the firm of Pullar, Porter & Co. has returned, as have also Mr. Joseph Hawdon and Mr. John Milner, of Milner Hall on the Darebin. These two gentlemen are attended by the ladies to whom they joined their happy fates in England. Mr. R. H. Browne, it is said, was making all despatch to leave Europe for Port Phillip, in company with Mr. Arthur Hogue. Dr. Cotter was seeking for employment as a surgeon in some out- ward bound vessel for the same purpose; and even Mr. Thomas Walker, the head of the wealthy and influential firm of Sydney, had found it necessary to make speedy arrangements for his return to New South Wales. Among the officials, who about the same time obtained leave of absence, Mr. Attorney-General Plunkett and the Catholic Bishop, are daily expected. A public meeting relative to certain mat- ters connected with the Municipal Cor- poration Act for Melbourne, was called upon requisition by the Deputy Sheriff for yesterday, at the Pavilion in Bourke-street. In consequence of the Stewards not sanction- ing the use of the Theatre from fear of in- juring the scenes and other property, the meeting was recalled to he held in the long room of the Royal Exchange Hotel. The temporary suspension of this movement gives us room to remark upon the authority by which it was convened. Since the ap- pointment of a General Committee to watch over the progress of the Bill through the Council and otherwise to act with regard to the interests of the inhabitants, it was at least discourteous to interfere with the natural prerogative of this body. There are parties, however, in town who are too easy in lending their names to requisitions upon the motion of others, who are equally ready to obtrude themselves and their ideas upon public notice. In this case it would be quite sufficient for the General Committee to address the Government re- lative to the point which turns on the ma- nagement of the Police without making those public demonstrations which usually end in noise and confusion. As regards the provisions made in the Subsidiary Bill, that also rests in the hands of the Committee. It is their duty to prepare a petition and to submit it for approval and signature to a public meeting. In both cases we fear the appeal will come too late, since the bills will immediately become law, and the chance of then altering them would be almost hopeless. In our fourth page we have published, from the latest advices and the most authen- tic resources, the London and Parisian Fashions for April, together with de- scription of the most distinguished dresses of various noble and fashionable persons that graced the spring season at home. The publication, it is hoped, will be gratifying to our fair readers. The Criminal Sessions for the month of August, opens on Monday next, the 15th inst. The cases sent down for trial, and which compose the calendar, are six men and three women, for felony ; two men, at- tempt at rape on children; one man, obtain- ing money under false pretences ; and two men for cattle-stealing. The Resident Judge, it is reported, has applied for leave of absence. Should this be the case another month will probably close his labours in the district of Port Phillip. When the order for the removal of Snod- grass' insolvency case came from Sydney, it was accompanied by a writ of Habeas Cor- pus addressed to the Deputy Sheriff, to bring up the person of Mr. Carrington to Sydney. With this the Sheriff deemed it his duty to comply, and had made arrangements for appointing Mr. Ebden as his deputy on the occasion. That gentleman was conse- quently to sail by the Platina tomorrow, with Mr. Carrington in his charge. The Sheriff has since, however, received notice from Mr. Justice Willis, that, as he does not consider the interference of the Sydney Judges legitimate, he shall proceed to enter up judgment on the claim of Snodgrass against Carrington for the sum of two thou- and pounds, when the Sheriff of course will be made answerable for his absence. The Judge has also said that he shall deal in a similar way with the claims of other creditors, should he be in a position judici- ally to decide upon their actions. As Mr. Raymond will thus be liable to a very large amount for the personal safety of the debtor, he has thought it right to intimate to Car- rington, that for his own protection, he is obliged to require security in full from Car- rington before leaving the province. The matter is not yet arranged. Meetings of Creditors to be held between our present and subsequent publication: - This day, Pedrana, first meeting, at 12 o'clock ; Liardet, second ditto, at 1; Chin, first ditto, at 2. Monday - Sayers, third ditto, at 12 o'clock; Muston - third ditto, at 1; McMillan, first ditto, at 2; Arnold, special ditto, at half-past 2. Tuesday - none. We observe from the English papers that Col. Gawler the ex-Governor of S. Australia, at a meeting of the Royal Geographical Soci- ety, had given a long account of the state and condition of that colony. His communi- cation is said to have excited much interest. A letter appears in our department of original correspondence, addressed by Mr. Henry Bebb Morris to the P. P. Patriot. A finer or more manly sentiment with regard to the interference of newspaper writers, in the character and actions of private in- dividuals, never was given in this province. We recommend it the attention of parties who putting themselves forward for public offices, fire up at the idea of their character capabilities being enquired into, rather more closely than may suit their splenetic feelings or the malice of their partizan friends. It was stated some time past, in the Gazette, that the Government had deter- mined that, unless the murderers of the black women were given up to justice, the licenses of the settlers around Port Fairy should be taken away. In pursuance of this view of the question, notice we under- stand, has been given to Mr. Kilgour, who took a prominent part in the correspon- dence that ensued on the occasion, between the settlers in that district, and His Honor the Superintendent, that his license will not be renewed on the usual application. To this severe and singular mode of proce- dure, we cannot accord that support which we have always been happy to give to the judgment of His Honor the Superintendent in the general acts of his administration. But it is with sincere regret and even ab- horrence that we learn that the suspicion of the government with regard to the murder having been committed by white men is beyond a doubt. It was stated in a former number of this paper that it had been suspected that hostile blacks themselves had committed the horrid and unparallelled slaughter complained of. It has since been ascertained that the day subsequent to the murder two black men called at the Mount Rouse Police Station, and there stated their having been eye- witnesses of the murder of three of their own women and one child by a troop of nine mounted and armed white men. Well was Mr. La Trobe, therefore, justified in saying that a curse rested on the district until the discovery of this deed was made manifest. Whoever may be the criminals, however, we feel assured that it is not the wish of the respectable settlers to shield them, and in punishing the whole in- discriminately the Government, we fear, are involving without discrimination the guilty and innocent in the same punish- ment. Orders have been issued by the Execu- tive Government to the Magistrates and Commissioners to apprehend all natives guilty of criminal transactions inter se equally with those who have simply ag- gressed on the whites. This view we stated to have been the legally right one ever since the Resident Judge's famous opinion on the trial of Bon Jon, and to the discrepancy of which the conductor of this paper first drew the attention of his Excel- lency. It is considered in high quarters that the Executive Government may be induced to transmute the sentence of death against Rodger the black convict into transporta- tion for life. From Hardy's Shipping List, of March 30th, 1842, the following list of vessels laid on for these colonies, is extracted :- For Launceston— Adelaide, 258 tons, Dry- den, master. For Hobart Town— Haidee, 300 tons, Marshall: Saltan, 400 tons, Montgomery; May Flower, 320 tons, Headley; Apolline, 520 tons, Thomas. For Van Diemen's Land— Isabella Watson, 453 tons, McDonald; Hope, 377 tons, Goss; Elphinstone, 444 tons, Fremlin; Royal Admi- ral, 414 tons, Wealner. For Port Phillip - Cygnet, 320 tons, Dal- ston; Cheverell, 500 tons, Harvey. For New South Wales— Ceylon, 253 tons, Hurry; Duke of Manchester, 500 tons, Mur- ray: Sons of Commerce , 431 tons, Williams; Arachne, 320 tons, Pearse; St, George, 388 tons, Sughrue; Aden, 422 tons, Waddell; Trial, 340 tons, Day; Spartan, 400 tons, Macey; Harlequin, 350 tons, Harrison; Morley, 580 tons, Exans; Eden, 420 tons,' Bayce ; Kinnear, 400 tons, Lidderdale. For South Australia— Taglioni, 350 tons, Black; Countess of Durham, 292 tons ; Johnstone. For Wellington, New Zealand- Nelson, 253 tons, McLaren. For Auckland and Bay of Islands - Tuscan, 230 tons, Ormond; Thomas Harrison, 355 tons, Smith. For Wellington and Nelson — Charles Kerr, 463 tons, Gurbutt. For Swan River— Simon Taylor, 430 tons, Brown. 