M IICELLANEA. A Quakor in a Flever.--" To return to Jasper Duffle and his fever - '. All gammon I ' exc!aims a medical student from Iant-street-a disciple of ]Escu lapius in a pilot-coat, and with a head not unlike Galen's over the..apothe cary's door - only brazen, not gilt. All gammon and humbug- won't pass the cesophagus ! What I a Quaker have a fever? I wish you may get it I It ain't on the cirds. Ask Guy-ask St. Thomas - ask St. Bartholomew - ask Iob.Smith. A palsy, if you like, or an ague, or dropsy, or atrophy, or lethargy, or consumption, provided it don't gallop - anything chronic; but as for a fever, or anythinig red-spotted, they can't come it. There is no such a case in the Lancet, nor in all the curiosities of Dr. Millingen's Medical Experience. You won't find a Quaker of any kind in Bright - and its long odds agai: Aristotle. The same again Celsus, arid Mithridates, and IlEcula pius, and Hippocrates; but no,-he was a horse doctor. It's all my eye! Wlhat's a fever to hang on by ? They have, no nervous irritability- no pec cant humours - no nothing to foment with - all cold and phlegmatic. You m ght as soon expect inflammatory action from a fire-engine, or spon taneous combustion in a salt cod, or a flare-up from a temperance snap dragon made with raisins and water. It's no good, old fellow I Lushing might do it; but they don't drink, and they won't fight -always train off. They can't breed anything malignant it ain't in their system - and if you were to give it 'em they'd take all the spite out of it, as a cow does the small pox, till its as mild as my Havanna. 'Why, a Quaker's pulse never goes above thirty in a minute, best pace I've timed lots of 'em; and besides they have no red blood, like our claret -its all buffy coat, and you can't get it up to fever heat - no, not if you boiled it!' ' Indeed I Now, if this were correct, what an organization to sound and auscultate about the region of the heart, with a moral stethoscope !' SMoral ! morals be hanged - all twaddle. I've sounded a Quaker, my boy, with the real instrument - a capital tool, made by Wiess himself and there's hardly more noise than in a stiff 'un. Onlya gentle hum, like a top going to sleep : no rale, no brni. de sifflct, no bruit de diablte-catch a Quaker rattling, or whistling, or making a devil of a noise ' "-Hood's Comic Annual. A Piece of Sea Painting off the Cape of Good Bope--Thle sea-birds held their holyday in the stormy gale. The lordly and graceful albatross, whose motion is a very melody, swept screaming by upon the blast, The smaller Cape pigeons followed ts fast, passingand repassingacross the vessel's track. At last one ofthem spies a frag ment on the waters, which has been throw overboard: a moment it hovers above, then plunges down. But the other birds have seen' it too; and all pouncing on the spot, move their wings confusedly, and seem to run along the waters with a rapid and eager motion. Now is there discord wild amongst them. A screaming and, diving, swimming and running, mingled with a chattering noise. No sooner one gains the morsel than another tears it from him, Who will be victor here t The albatross; for he sweeps triumlphantly over all, swoops down, and with a scream, scares off the timid little multitude ; whilst high above his head he hold his arching wings and now in pride and beauty he sits upon the waters, and, drifting fast astern, gradually fades in the twilight. Whe.t wonder that a sailor is supersti tious! separated in early in youth from his home, ere le has forgotten the ghost stories of childhood and while the young and simple heart still loves to dwell upon the marvellous, he is placed in such scenes as these: in the night, amidst the din of waves and storms, he hears wild shrieks upon the air, and by h.m float huge forms, dim and mysterious, from which fancy is prone to build strange phantoms; and oft from aged sailors he gathers legends and wondrous tales suited to his calling, whilst the narrator's mysterious tone and earnest voice and manner attest how firmly he himself. believes the sto. ry.-Captain Grey's Journal. The Government of the World is car. ried on by boxes-the cartridge box, the ballot box, the jury box, and the band. box. A western gentleman has recently in* vented a- new sort of matches, which take fire at a wink-they are called ophtthalmic magnetic matches. 