FOSSIL BONES. No. III. THE subject of Fossil Bones in Australasia has been rendered generally interesting by the recent publication of some facts gathered in New Zealand, and which were mentioned sometime since in the Journals of that colony. Two or three years ago a report was pre- valent amongst the Missionaries, that bones of a gigantic bird had been dis- covered in the beds of some of the rivers of the interior ; one gentleman had seen them, and promised to communicate to the writer such facts as might be deve- loped on close inquiry. All, however, that was disclosed amounted to an im- pression on the part of the natives, that a gigantic bird, a sort of Kewikewi (or Aptéryx) still existed in the dense woods of the interior mountains, and had been occasionally seen : and that the bones al- luded to were those of that species, or others equally large, which had been brought down by mountain torrents and mingled with the fluviatile drift. On questioning such natives of New Zealand as the writer has fallen in with in New South Wales, not one of them ap- peared to know anything of the subject ; they had never heard of these bones, and had never seen such a bird as could hare furnished similar remains. The story, therefore, appeared to be somewhat of the nature of that relating to the "three black crows" of the fable: and the bird itself was likely to turn out nothing more substantial than the "Flying Dutchman" of Cape celebrity. It was said to have been seen by somebody, but nobody knew anything about it. The subject was about to be "consigned to the tomb of all the Capulets," or Apteriges, when the story was revived with double energy, and men went so far as to say, that the bones were easily procurable, and that there was no fiction in the state- ment whatsoever respecting the living bird. All that was wanting was the proof—the producing of the bones, and the fair testi- mony of an eye witness. The ghost of one of these mighty mysteries appears to have apostrophised some avenger of their race in the words of dying DIDO : " Exoriare aliquis nostris ex ossibus ultor," and forthwith a box of bones, collected from some river in the vicinity of Cook's Strait, was despatched to Professor BUCKLAND, whose appetite for fossil bones is as insatinble as that of the Maouri cannibals would be for the bones of Dr. BUCKLAND himself. And not to leave the vengeance incomplete, another box has been despatched to Sydney, through the perseverance of Mr. BUSBY ; and one of the bones, said to be of a bird, large nearly as that of an ox-bone, but light as birds' bones are, and hollow, is now deposited In the archives of the Australian Museum, where the connois- seurs in bones may gratify their ornithine curiosity. With this bone are two others, which look remarkably like those of a seal. They were found in company, but are evidently of a different character to that of the bird, which is white, moulded, and not much water-worn, the others being dark and smooth. To complete the history, about the time those bones were procured, a curious story was set afloat. It was reported, that a master of a vessel in Cook's Strait, going on shore with his mate to shoot, came unexpectedly upon a bird, whose height appeared to be near fifteen feet. The dis- coverer is said to be a Yankee, and, though there is no reason why Yankees should be doubted, though some of them do tell traveller's tales, it is possible, that a giant bird seen through the magnifying glass of fear, may have been somewhat exaggerated in proportion to the want of courage in the American sportsman. , The New Zea- land papers have, however, published so much evidence upon the finding of bones, that no reasonable doubt remained as to the former existence of the bird in the southern parts of the country ; and coming, independently of all previous conjecture, the testimony of the Yankee captain is well worthy of credit. The truth cannot long remain in obscurity : for such facts will be sure to find their expounders and witnesses. We may wait, therefore, for further researches ; and in the mean time reconcile our belief with the statements made, by the certainty that the caverns of Australia prove how bones of living genera, much larger than any known, are pro- curable from drift deposits. Nay, at the moment this is written, part of a jaw-bone is in the hands of Dr. WALLACE, which was brought recently from the vicinity of Moreton Bay, and which appears to have belonged to a kangaroo nearly thirty feet, or, as a wag might say, three stories high. Nor is the geology of an early age of the earth defective in similar corrobora- tions of probability. The impressions of the foot-prints of the enormous ancient birds upon the red sandstone deposits of Connecticut, figured from Professor HITCH- COCK, in Dr. BUCKLAND'S Bridgewater Treatise [some of the original specimens from which these drawings were made being in this colony, and in possession of the writer] show, that at one period the earth was tenanted not only by enormous lizards, and other extraordinary creatures, but by such birds as might lead us to say with Scripture, " There were giants in those days." Measured by the distance of the steps as marked upon the stones, it appears that the length of the leg of one of the Con- necticut birds varied from six to nine feet. An African Ostrich, weighing 100 lbs., has a leg about four feet long ; the Con- necticut bird, therefore, had a leg, occasion- ally, more than double that of the ostrich, and if there was the same proportion in all points, might have been therefore, eighteen feet high. One cast of a part of a toe in the writer's possession is eight inches long, and from three to three and a half inches wide. Now ornithologists have observed, that there is a bird wanting in the regular series, and, therefore, should these New Zealand bird-bones be found to belong to the intermediate bird, the value of the discovery, and the use of further enquiry upon the spot are easy to be appreciated. Let us now come back to New Holland. No bird-bones, no ornithichnites, (im- pressions made by birds), have yet been found in Australia proper. The only traces on our rocks are those of some kinds of worms, and perhaps of small saurians, and ripple-marks, which are very striking in the Parramatta River, near and below the bridge, on all the beds of sandstone, taken from which, slabs prominently marked lie before several houses in the town. But a fossil of a most interesting kind has recently been brought from Melville Plains, twelve miles from the Namoi River, which has excited some interest in the minds of our colonial geologists. During the late painful drought, Mr. DENISON, of Cassilis, was compelled to have wells sunk at his station. From a marl, or clay, about thirty feet below the surface, on the Plains, a portion of a fossil bone, undoubt- edly of some Saurian reptile, and precisely analogous in its appearance to the bones so abundant in the clays of the English Wealden formation of Sussex, was brought lo light. The defenders of the oolitic age of the Australian rocks might, perhaps, be tempted to sing "Io Triumphe!" and after the manner of the combatant of old, prepare for a lacertine or oolitic engage- ment, laying bare (by a pun pardonable in such a case), as he did, "magna ossa lacertosque." But it is not safe to be in a hurry. Geology is only a science of probabilities. Yet out of facts, the pro- babilities are to be enunciated ; and we have this fact to dwell upon, satisfied, that further search in the numerous wells now making in the colony, and beyond the boundaries, will bring to light those great geological truths, which, like all others, lie often in a " well." Again, then, let it be urged, upon all persons who are thus engaged, that whilst seeking for water for their modern animals, they may be instrumental in discovering the ancient inhabitants of this great country. They are not asked to devote time to the dead, which may be better devoted to the living ; they are asked to make no sacrifices ; they are only requested to note down what beds and what thick- nesses of clay, sandstone, or other rock they pass through ; to examine the sub- stances brought up ; and to send a memo- randum of such particulars, with accom- panying specimens, to the Colonial Mu- seum, which ought to be the receptacle and storehouse of the products of the colony ; but which, owing to circumstances put out of the power of the Committee who manage I it, is, though a valuable institution, not half as much known, nor a thousandth part so much patronised and supported, as it ought to be. If the facts above described have their legitimate effect, the composition and geological formation of New South Wales will not long remain in obscurity. 