LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. By the Isabella convict ship, English npws n t he 29th January ha. I boon receive 1 at tHobart Town, being of a few days later date than had previously reach -d the Colony. We extract the following account of the christening of the irrinee oj Wales irom one or tno papers tnat have come to hand. CHRISTENING OF THE PRINCE OF \- WALES. . This ceremony was performed with great pomp at St. George's Chapel/Windsor. His Majesty the King of Prussia was present on the occasion. We have only space to m ake the fol lowing extract from a lengthy report of this interesting proceeding : — On the "Queen's entering the choir, the grand march from Judas Maeeabetis was perform-' 1 on the organ by Dr. Elvey . Before its completion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, "and a signal was given to discontinue the per formance. It was. understood that Her Majesty had expressed a wish that the ceremony should not he protracted by instrumental performances, and that it was in compliance with the Queen s express desire, and that alone, that any abbrevi ation took place ih the musical arrangements p eviously decided on. 'PhA mar:j.n liovtfinr aaooaiY t.llA OI Canterbury commenced the reading of the bap- tisrnal service. His Grace read the beautiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impressive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the ser vice until the Archbishop came to the questions propounded to the godfathers and go I mothers of children brought to he baptized., His Grace then j-turning to the sponsors must impressively demanded of them as follows : "Dost thou, in the name of t':is child, re nounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, aud the carnal desires of the flesh, so that thou avilt not follow, nor DC led by them ?" To this the King of Prussia replied for the sponsors generally, In conformity with the words of the Liturgy, " I renounce them all." His Majesty delivered this sentence and tho other responses in the service quic-cly but distinctly, and emphatically. His accent did not appear to be at all that of a foreigner. The Archbishop having aarived at that part of the service in which he is to take the ch; d into his arms, Her Grace the Duchess of Luc- cleugh received the infant I'rince from the nurse, who stood close to the Queen and Prince albert and delivered liis Royal Highness to the Archbishop. His Grace held the Royal child in his arms avith the greatest care sur rendering the prayer book to the Bishop of JZondon, avho held it for him during this part of the solemnity. His Grace then turned to the King of Prussia and the other sponsors and said, " Name this child." His Majesty replied in a clear voice, " We name him Albert Edward." The Archbishop then performed the holy rite of sprinkling and signing tho mark of the cross upon the child's forehead saying, ' Albert Edward I baptize thee, iu the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The oa-gun gave forth, aud the con gregation joined in a solemn " Amen." The Prince .lifted his little hands on being sprinkled and crossed. The Archbishop then delivered up the Prince to the Mistress of the Robes, avho carried His ; Royal Highness to his nurse. Prince Albert , was observed to vfatch most attentively His Royal Higliness's progress from the font to the ; nurse's ar ns. I he Queen also cast glances of. motherly pride and delight at the youtliial heir to the throne. The Prince of Wales appeared to be a remarkably fine boy, and behaved avith the mo3t princely decorum. ; The Archbishop then offered up the thanks giving for the admission of the child as a mem ber of t hrist's Church, and then, all kneeling, the holy prayer given to Christians by the Mi- . vioar was most impressively delivered. At- this moment the scene was solemn and magnificient in the extreme, and would afford a avorthy sub ject for the pencil of the artist. At the conclusion of the service the Prince was carried from the choir to the chapter-oom, and the organ pealed forth the magniacient j " Hallelujah Chorus " of Handel. Prince Albert was observed to beat time daring its performance, and the Queen cast repeated glances at the organ gallery, which, without any great stretch of imagination, might be construed to be expressive of Her Majesty's satisfaction and approbation. Her Majesty also once or twice during the ceremony addressed herself to Prince Albert and the Lord t liamberlain. The chorus having been brought to a conclu sion, the Queen curtseyed most gracefully, first to the King of Prussia and the Sponsors, then to the Archbfshop and the Ecclesiastics, and then, with a kindly smile, to her uae-le, the Duke of Sussex, avho stood near her. Then taking Prince Albert's arm, Her Majesty left the choir in the same form as she entered it. The Queen having retired, the King of Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered Ms arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cam bridge and the rest of the Royal party. The Archbishops aud other Prelates next passed out of the door. The company assem bled in the body of the choir were then permit ted to pas3 to the altar table, to inspect the plate the font, &c.; Great anxiety wa3 shown to dip a handkerchief or glove into the water of the font brought from "The Jordan, with a view to treasure up such articles as rcminiscenses of this auspi cious occasion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach to the font and altar, that it was some time eie the chapel could be finally cleared. " Among tho occurrences of the day most parti cularly observed, was tiie devotion evinced by the King of Prussia. During the performance of the baptismal service his Majesty never once was seen to take his eyes from his boo c, ' save when he was called upon to answer the interro gatories of the Archbishop. His Majesty's conduct throughout the sendee avas indeed a pattern for pidnces and for subjects. . Mr. Hayter was present, by command of Her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch, of the baptismal ceremony ; aud Mr. Baxter, the artist, was present, by Her Majesty's permis sion, for the same pui'pose. BERFfclMA. — 27th. May, 1842. From our own Correspondent. We have had charming weather since the 23rd, when we had hail, rain and snow ; I re- grot to say the roads are still in a wretched state, aud impassible for carriages of any de scription. The next Berrima Races will he got up on a splendid scale; a meeting of the towns folk and the neighbouring gentlemen avas held at Doyle's Inn on th ; 26tla, and a committee pf the mo3t opulent residents appointed to manage tlie races, avhich take place on the 2 1st., 22nd, and 23rd. of September next ; before the meet ing dispersed upwards of £30 avas subscribed and paid up The carelessness of constables when escQrfcing prisoners to Sydney has been so often animad verted upon in the Colonial Journals, and par ticularly by those stationed here, that it is useless for me to make further remarks — but merely state, that five notorious characters were Sent from the gaol on Tuesday last, under the charge of two constables, for the purpose of being forwarded to Sydney, and on the arrival of the mail on Wednesday night,- intelligence ayas received that the five prisoner had over- powered the opn'stables, tied them to a tree, and having taken possession of the fire arms, very coolly walked off. Some hours after a passer by released the constables fro a their uneasy, but well-merited :oafinement — the mounted Police are now in search of them." . I would beg to calPtlie attention of His Ex cellency the Governor to the following matter "'it fact there' are but six constablos (cx)lusive of the chief constable) appointed for this rapid j y improving, rising, commercial and ass z' ; town, one "of whom is stationed at Bong Bong and ready to act on every emergency when re,, quired by vj r. rhrosKy/the resident' viagistra te- Ui that quarter— one' or two are occasionally on i's-cort— ope may at times see a constable moving about the' tp vu -but who has not seen at all hours of tho day. and best part of the nign'L a constable guarding the premises of the Police ' lagistr.-ate, a gentleman who by the bye is not held in the «« odour pf sanctity" by the respectable portion of our community ? Now such things ought- not to be : inasmuch as both he and them, are our (the Public's) ser vants, ai) 1 a3 such wo (the Public) have n right to their services. I six ill. beg to suggest-tbe impropriety of individuals having occasion to seo the Police Magistrate on bu- uneis, commu nicating their affairs to the orderly constable for the information of his worship —some - per sons would not wish a constable to know the cause of their wishing to speak to a magistrate, to which I agree/ I havo always understood that Police Magis trates are compelled to hold a court every day, with open, not dosed doors .and that they were accessible at all times, say from 10 to 12 a.xi. each day, Sundays excepted, to listen to, and decide upon the complaints ef the Poor as well as the Rich; and that the former ought: not to bo treated with either contempt "nor ridicule, nor the latter shown the most obsequious adula tion. I shonld also recommend that a gram narbe furnished for the use of the Berrima Court, it would perhaps save tLM. Government a vast deal of writing paper. 