ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. TO THE PRESBYTERIANS OF NEW SOUTH WALES. In as much as Dr. Lang has for some time been industriously asserting and reiterating certain conclusions, which he wishes the public to adopt in regard to the conduct of some of his brethren in the Presbytery of Sydney and Synod of Australia, while he either altogether conceals the facts on which these, if they possessed any validity, ought to be founded, or gives a partial and inaccurate representa- tion of them, we feel it to be our duty to lay before the Presbyterian community a fair statement of these facts from the beginning, and to show that so far from warranting the gross charges which Dr. Lang has so unscru- pulously made, they prove his own conduct to have been utterly indefensible, and his de- clared intention to separate from the body inexcusable and schismatic. It is about eleven mouths since Dr. Lang returned to the colony, signed the bond of union, and entered the new Synod; he was cordially welcomed by his brethren, espe- cially by those of them upon whom he is now so unsparingly heaping abuse; they had in- curred the displeasure of some of their friends, and of the Church of Scotland, for leaving the door of entrance perfectly open to him, with- out reference to his conduct in Britain, and in spite of the frequently expressed fears and suspicions of others, they looked forward with fond anticipation to the pleasure and advantage they would have in his co- opera- tion. At the first regular meeting of Synod after his arrival, there was an amount of de- ference and respect shewn to him, which, we venture to affirm, was scarcely ever shewn to any individual in a Presbyterian Church Court ; he was allowed to expound his own favourite measures at unusual length to re- ply immediately, though out of order, to every speaker who stated objections to any part of them; many refrained from opposing them, though not clear as to their wisdom and propriety, simply from a reluctance to offer opposition to Dr. Lang. And of the six annual committees appointed by the Synod, he was made convenor, all except one. The most conclusive evidence was thus afforded to Dr. Lang of the good feeling of his brethren to- wards him and the strongest practical assu- rance given that they were disposed to render him the most courteous deference and cordial co- operation for the future. A breach, however, has arisen, and we now request attention to the quarter in which it originated. The very day after the court that thus honoured and confided in him broke up, it was made evident by an article pub- lished in the Colonial Observer, that Dr. Lang could not be satisfied with any amount of deference from his brethren, if they still re- tained their independence and acted on their own views. The following are the terms in which Dr. Lang flatters himself in that article while he affects to slight, and attempts to in- timidate his brethren ; adverting to the fact, that another than himself had been unani- mously chosen Moderator, he says "It would be wrong to ascribe the slight that was thus put upon Dr. Lang, to the little jealousy that is sometimes entertained towards those who happen to occupy a more prominent and in- fluential position in the estimation of the public than ourselves. It is impossible that such feelings could operate in the quarters referred to, though it must be confessed that they are sometimes found operating in the quarters where they are least suspected. ...... Now this is too bad, and it would almost provoke us to conjure up the ghost of the old Colonist once more to frighten those who act so strangely into something like propriety." And the submission which he thus pub- licly declared he was determined to exact, Dr. Lang soon practically claimed. The first of the committees above referred to which he convened, was the Orphan School Com- mittee. It met at Parramatta on the 19th October, when it was resolved that enquiry should be made into the number of Presby- terian orphans in the Colony, at what expense for each child an orphan establishment could be maintained, and what amount of funds could be raised in the different con- gregations for the support of such an institution. Such was the amount and kind of work the committee agreed to do till their next meeting. That meeting was held according to agreement on the first Tuesday of November, when Dr. Lang coolly intimated that he had taken the liberty of commencing the orphan school, that he considered Balmain to be the most suitable place for the purpose, he had made an arrange- ment with the Rev. Robert Stewart (for whose rent he had become security) for boarding and teaching such children as might be sent to him in the mean time, and that he had already placed under his care six or eight. The committee received this announcement with utter astonishment, and individually express- ed their unqualified disapprobation. Finding from this and other symptoms, that the committee were not likely to be sub- servient to his wishes, that they deter- mined to act according to their own views of duty and not his, he has never since convened them, but has continued to pursue the course on which he had entered, in oppo- sition to the authority of the committee, and sent eight or ten additional children to Mr. Stewart. Another committee, of which Dr. Lang was made Convener, was the College Com- mittee, the character and objects of which will be understood from the following resolu- tions of the Synod of Australia--- " The Synod, having heard the Report of Committee on the Australian College, resolve that they will sanction a curriculum embrac- ing Latin and Greek taught by one Professor: Logic and Moral Philosophy by another; and Mathematics and Natural Philosophy by a third ;-being the course of education required in candidates for the Ministry in the Mother Church, whenever that institution is in a con- dition to furnish the same; but that the Synod does not by this resolution wave any right of property in the Institution, or any claim which they may possess to exercise a control over its future management. " It was also moved and agreed to -- " That a Committee be appointed to com- municate with the parties authorised by the Australian College, to carry the preceding arrangements into effect; and that the different Presbyteries be instructed to encourage young men of piety and promise, within their res- pective bounds, to dedicate themselves to the service of God in the work of the Holy Mi- nistry. The following are the members of the Com- mittee, viz.:-The Moderator, the Clerk, and the other Ministers of Sydney and Parramatta. Dr. Lang, Convener." This committee Dr. Lang never convened, but took the work committed to its manage- ment entirely into his own hands. On the 11th November, he proceeded to Port Phillip and Van Diemen's Land, " to obtain," to use his own words, "aid requiste to elevate this infant institution to the rank of a college in reality, and to enable us to educate young men of piety and talent for the work of the ministry." He not only by taking this step set aside the Com- mittee altogether, but the statement which he gave to the inhabitants of Hobart Town and Melbourne, of the relation existing between the Synod and the College, was inconsistent with the facts of the case, as will appear from the following extract compared with the reso- lutions above quoted. " The Synod of Aus- j tralia, I am happy to state moreover, has at its last annual meeting held in Sydney, a few weeks ago, agreed to receive candidates for the ministry, who shall have attended a regu- lar academical course in that institution, on the same footing as if they had attended such a course at a Scotch university." This statement, whether or not intended, is calculated to produce the impression that the Synod considered the College as now in a fit state to give this education, whereas it is evident from the resolu- tion, that the Synod's view of the in- stitution is the very opposite : for it is ex- pressly stated, "whenever that institution was in a condition to furnish the same.' It was not merely the creation of a sufficient fund for the endowment of professors and the other purposes of the Institution, that they considered necessary to put it into a condition that would satisfy them before giving it their sanction ; but an honest and equitable settle- ment of the question pending between the Government and the shareholders on the one hand, and the parties holding the property and claiming the management of the College on the other, and the adoption and establish- ment of a proper system of internal Govern- ment ; and it was simply from a reluctance to press any thing that was disagreeable to Dr. Lang that the commission in January declined to adopt a resolution that was in- tended to set the public right in this matter, and explain the real state of things between the College and the Synod. Certain members of Dr. Lang's congrega- tion, conceiving that his visit to Port Phillip and Van Diemen's Land, undertaken without the authority of the Church directly or indi- rectly, and without the concurrence of his people asked or obtained, was inconsistent with the duty which he owed to them, and likely to be injurious in its consequences, after having unsuccessfully attempted by private conference to prevent it, referred the matter for advice to the Presbytery by a res- pectful memorial. Without taking notice of the disrespect Dr. Lang had shewn to the Synod's College Committee, and the Synod itself, in this visit, the Presbytery came to tho following resolution, to which a general cha- racter wits given for the very purpose of pre- venting anything like personal censure falling on Dr. Lang. " That while the Presbyter approves of the conduct of the memorialists in bringing the leading subjects of the memorial under the notice of the court, they think it sufficient in the meantime to admonish the ministers under their charge, not to leave their congregations for any length of time without the most urgent necessity, and never without conferring with their Kirk Sessions on the subject, and obtaining their concurrence; and farther that the Presbytery highly disapprove of any of their ministers introducing into their public services allusions to the past divisions of the colonial church in violation of the bond of union." The next committee, of which Dr. Lang was made Convener, to whose proceedings we shall advert, is that on the German Mission, which he never called together for a whole quarter, and not till he was instructed to do so by the Commission in January. During that period Dr. Lang kept the whole manage- ment of the mission in his own hands, received the communications from the Mission station, directed the movements of the Mission- aries, and corresponded with the Govern- ment, subscribing himself, without autho-- rity or warrant, secretary of the com- mittee, which he had never met nor con- sulted. But no notice was taken of this ex- traordinary conduct, further than to give in- structions that the committee should be im mediately convened, which was accordingly done. Their first meeting was held in the Scots Church, on the 9th January, and from tha documents submitted to the committee, it appeared that the mission was to be handed over to the Synod by Dr. Lang, burdened with about £400 of debt, more than the halflf of which had been entailed on it in conse- quence of 11 great part of the contributions that were last advanced by the Colonial Government having been taken hy Dr. Lang to defray expanses incurred by him, on account of the mission in England, in 1837, and which the late treasurer, William Wright, Esq , had uniformily; refused to pay out of the fund given by the government, and the colonial public for the support of the mis- sion here. As this debt was a serious incum brance, and required immediate liquidation, it was deemed advisable that a deputation should wait upon his Excellency the Governor, to put him in possession of the present state of the mission-ascertain what the Govern- ment would be willing to do towards cancel- ling the debt, and what amount of annual support might be calculated on from that quarter ; and the Moderator of the Synod, together with Messrs. Barker and Bowman, were appointed for this purpose. It has been made mutter of grevious complaint that the Convener was left out of this deputation, though no objection was made by himself at the time of the appointment. As the Go- vernment was known to have objected to communicating with the Moderators of Pres- byteries, and expressed a desire that all their communications with the Presbyte- rian Church should take place through one channel, the Moderator of the Synod, and as the mission from being formerly virtually under Dr. Lang's management had now passed into the hands of the Synod, and the Governor had declined to advance more funds on the application of Dr. Lang, though he had constituted himself secretary of com- mittee, and subscribed himself as such, it was considered wise that the Moderator of the Synod and not the Convener of the com- mittee, should go to represent the Synod, and Messrs. Barker and Bowman to mani- fest their interest as laymen in the mis- sion, and represent the people. But owing to the Governor's being at Parramatta, it was resolved that the deputation should be delayed till a future day. When the committee next met it was found that Mr. Bowman was not present, and Mr Tait being secretary, and having the minutes of the former meetings in short hand notes-to which reference might require to he made for the information of his Excellency, it was proposed that he should take Mr. Bow- man's place in the deputation, and that they should proceed at once to Government House. It was only at this last stage of the proceed- ings, and when the gentlemen named were on their feet to go, that the slightest opposition was made to the measure by Dr. Lang, or that he manifested any symptoms of dissatis- faction. But now he rose and protested against the deputation going without his being of the number- declared that he considered it a per- sonal insult that his name was omitted, and that this was an invasion of his privileges as convener to which he would not submit. The reasons for the omission given above, and others, were stated to him, but as he was much excited and the hour for proceeding to Government House had past, it was resolved to let the matter rest till the next meeting. The very day after this, Dr. Lang wrote a letter to the Governor, in which he states that "Messrs. Tait and Fullerton having in- formed the Synod's Committee, that he was regarded, not only by a portion of the public, but by the local Government, with such feel- ings of alienation and hostility, that the mis- sion would be greatly prejudiced by my con- nexion with it in any way, and that the Government would not correspond with him on the subject, had induced the Committee virtually to dispense with his services and deprive him of his office." But this is a total misrepresentation of the case. The Committee unanimously adopted the measure of which Dr. Lang complains for the reasons stated above, and there is not the slightest ground in fact for his ascribing it solely to the influence of Messrs. Tait and Fuller- ton ; and it was adopted before any reference was made by any to the feeling with which he was regarded by a portion of the public or the local government, this reference being only made in the course of the desultory con- versation that ensued on Dr. Lang's protest- ing so vehemently against the deputation at the very moment of their leaving, and in an- swer to claims to deference and influence on his part which it was impossible to con- cede. The very answer returned by the Government to this extraordinary letter, though represented by Dr. Lang, as granting him all that he wished, is an additional evi- dence of the unwillingness of the Government to have more than one channel of communi- cation with the Synod, and the great inconve- nience of having to correspond with a number of conveners of committees " hold- ing only annual appointments," -and proves the validity of one of the reasons for which the committee was desirous of carry- ing on their correspondence through the Mo- derator. It is true the Moderator holds only an annual appointment, but the government have already fixed on that officer as the channel of. communication with the body, whereas if each convener was to correspond in behalf of his own committee the channels of communication would be indefinitely mul- tiplied- the very evil which the government wished to avoid by declining to correspond with the Moderators of Presbyteries. The practice of the Church of Scotland in this matter has been referred to, but we can- not adopt all the practices of an established church in our peculiar circumstances in this colony. Thus, for example, though it is usual in Scotland for the Moderators of Pres- byteries to correspond with Government, yet, as we have seen, the same privilege is not enjoyed by us. And so far as the deputation is concerned, deputations have been often of late sent to London by the Non- intrusion Com- mittee of the Church of Scotland in which Dr. Chalmers the Convener of that committee was not included. Such is a brief and fair statement of the facts, on his own account of which Dr. Lang has grounded the odious charges he has lately made from the pulpit and through the press against his brethren, and attempted to justify the new schism he is now creating in the Co- lonial Presbyterian Church. Let all our reflecting and impartial people judge whether the proceedings that have been detailed afford Dr. Lang the slightest warrant to represent his brethren ad actuated by " a spirit of envy and detraction"-" A spirit of rancorous hos- tility towards himself individually, which he formerly believed could only have emanated from the Father of Evil;" whether such pro- ceedings can with the least shadow of truth or even plausibility, be characterised as a series of the most uncalled for, unprovoked, un- christian, and suicidal attacks, made not only upon himself individually, but upon every object or institution with which he was either connected or identified." Even Dr. Lang's own coloured and partial statement of the facts does not furnish the slightest ground for tho reproachful and abusive epithets he here em- ploys, and can never justify the schismatic course he is now pursuing. Even if, as he sometimes insinuates, the whole of the oppo- sition of which he complains, results from the " envy and malignity of two or three of his brethren, whom he now finds it convenient to denounce as men of little minds and wicked hearts, though once loaded with his fulsome praise; what an imbecility and cowardice does it manifest to make this opposition, which he has confessedly only experienced for a few months, a ground of separation from a church whose supreme court consisted of nearly thirty members, to which he could" appeal? It is true that at other times, he re- presents the majority of Presbyterian minis- ters in the colony, as unprincipled hirelings, in whom he has no confidence ; but reflecting men will ask, how it is that Dr. Lang has all at once come to that conclusion concerning men, on finding them less subservient than hs expected and wished, whom he was for- merly in the habit of eulogising. Wc confess, for ourselves, that with the facts of the case before us, it is impossible for us to believe that, if Dr. Lang waa sincere in his praise, he - can be sincere in his vituperation, or that the change in his views of the prin- ciples and character of his brethren has really taken place which the belief in his sincerity in both cases would imply. Take for example the following statement:-"It will be evident," says he, in his review of the proceedings of Synod, in the Colonial Ob- . server of the 28th October, " that the Pres- byterian Church of New South Wales is at this moment in a state of extraordinary vigour and efficiency, a state to which we confess we despaired of ever seeing it brought four years ago. But what have the praised of October done since October, to warrant the language he holds in regard to them now? In his address to his people on Sab- bath last he asks them, " Where think you is the spirit of the Lord to lift up a standard against this mortal enemy of all pure and ua defiled religion (popery)? Is it in the Presby- terian Church as at present constituted. Yes brethren, if the spirit of the Lord is a spirit of the grossest worldly mindedness and inefficiency -a spirit of envy and detraction-a spirit of strife and malevolence, it is there. To speak in sober and sorrowful earnest, the Pres- byterian Church, as at present constituted, is utterly inefficient as the bulwark of Pro- testantism in this land." Indeed, Dr. Lang seems to be apprehensive that the public will not view the conduct of his bretheren in the light in which he repre- sents it, and feels it necessary to draw to his aid another reason to vindicate his separa- tion from that Church whose judicatories ho bound himself to obey, and all whose minis- ters solemnly vow that they will not follow divisive courses, but will submit to the deci- sions of the majority of their brethren regu- larly met in presbyteries and syonds. This additional reason he professes to lind in the sinfulnoss of receiving state support on the principle on which it is given in this Colony. But how is it that Dr. Lang never discovered or avowed the great guilt of "eating the Queen's bread " till he found out that his breth- ren of the Synod were not the pliant and sub- servient men he calculated upon finding or making them ? How was it that at the very first meeting ofthat court which took place after ins arrival, and whan be had only re- cently left that land of liberty where Volun- taryism was seen in such glory as to dispel all his Scottish prejudices, and convince bim that it was the best method of supporting the Church ; he sought the interposition of the Synod's influence to have his government salary raided from three to five hundred pounds- according to an old promise of the Secretary for the Colonies, and attacked His Excellency in no measured terms for refusing it, but now that the deter- mination of his brethren-lo maintain their independence and follow not the bidding of an individual, but the dictates of their own judgment, has been proved, gives up even the "lesser sum, mid pronounces it to be nu accursed thing which be cannot touch ? And how ia it that with this strong sense of the sinfulness of receiving Go- vernment support in this land, and with the firm belief that " the curse of inefficiency will rest upon a church till she throws back with indignant scorn the Babylonish garment and wedge of gold," he recommends his people to get a pastor from the mother country, en- couraged by the assurance that he will havo not only the present salary, but a larger amount of the accursed and blighting thing Í 'S'ncVi considérations ought to make intelli- gent and reflecting ïï&Ayttrians; pause be- fore countenancing, or in any way promoting the mischieveus step Dr. Lang has now taken. He has frequently surprised his friends by sudden and decisive movements, and led them, on the impulse of the momenr2 to com- mit themselves to a course on which, after mature reflection, they would have never en- tered. Taking advantage of the sympathy awakened in consequence of the alleged ill treatment of him by his brethren, and his professed determination to leave the cclony, and go to New Zealand, his partisans are now using every means to create a new schism in our church in his favour, and many arc un- willingly lending themselves to this wicked and mischievous measure. Every enlight- ened Presbyterian knows, or ought to know, the great guilt there is in " following divisive courses," and we feel that we would be guilty of a grievous neglect of duty if we did not_ solemnly warn our people against _ being hastily led into a separation from their own communion, which they may afterwards have cause bitterly to repent. Come, not to the conclusion of leaving the Church of Scotland tinder the excitcmont which has bren raised on the present occasion. Weigh well the consequence of such a course before you aro irretrievably committed to it, and be not enticed into a schism which will operate with pernicious influence on the interests of Presbyterianism, and be sure to bring evil on those who originated and those who support it. "Now-I beseech you, brethern, mark them which cause divisions and offences con- trary to the doctrine which ye have learned, and avoid them. For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ."-Rom., xvi, 17, 18. JOHN TAIT, JAMES FULLERTON, WILLIAM MCINTYRE. 