^THE CHRISTENING OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. THE PROCESSION TO THE CHAPEL. AT half-past : eleven o'clock, the Foreign Mi nisters, the Ladies, the Knights of the Garter, the Cabinet Ministers, and the other visiters, left the Castle, in royal carriages, for Wolsey Hall, followed by the Archbishops of Can terbury and York, and the Bishops of London, Winchester, Oxford, and Norwich. The Queen and Prince Albert, with his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, left the Castle for the Chapel, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Duke of Sussex, and Prince George of Cambridge. His Majesty the King of Prussia, having passed'fram his apartments, joined the other sponsere. The King was habited in a scarlet uniform, edged with black velvet, the appoint ments of silver, and wore the Collar of the Black Eagle, only worn by his Majesty on state occasions, together with the Star of the Order. His Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Saxe Coberg appeared in a very rick hussar uniform of scarlet and gold : the loose jacket of white was also richly trimmed with gold. It is unnecessary to repeat the order in which the distinguished guests set out from the Castle. Due military honors were paid to the Foreign Ambassadors, but no cheering was j given to any individual, not even to the Duke of Wellington. The first heavy cheer was given when the carriage containing the infant Prince came in sight. The lady to whose care this precious charge was intrusted, held him in such a manner as enabled her Majesty's lieges to obtain an excellent view of the young Prince. This caused the cheering to be redoubled. When her Majesty and Prince Albert ap proached, their presence was welcomed by the most vociferous cheering on the part of the spectators, and by the usual military honors on the part of the assembled soldiery. The state carriage was drawn by a pair of the ce lebrated cream-colored horses, led by two grooms, as is usual on all state occasions. In another state carriage were the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess Augusta. Last of all came, also in a state carriage, his Majesty the King of Prussia. He was loudly cheered. 8T. GEORGE'S CHAPEL. The doors of St George's Chapel were thrown open at- about a quarter to eleven o'clock, the southern entrances having been besieged by , those who had been fortunate enough to secure tickets, for nearly an hour before. Looking towards the altar on enteriog the choir, the effect was imposing in the extreme. The altar was covered with a profusion of massive gold plate of the most splendid de scription, very tastefully arranged upon the communion table, which was covered with the richest purple velvet. The carpet within the rails of the altar was of Turkey fabric, and bore on a gold ground the cross of St. George on a shield, and the Star of the Order of the Garter, appropriately emblazoned. Before the altar was placed on a dais, a highly polished table, with gilded ornaments. This table, however, was subsequently removed to make room for the font. On either ßide of it were placed six chairs, with gilded frames and backs, and seat, of purple velvet, on which the Star of the Garter was emblazoned in light blue. These j chairs were originally placed with their backs 1 to the altar, but a short time previously to the ' arrival of the royal procession, they were turned to face it. The body of the choir was , covered with a superb purple carpet, on which the emblems appertaining to the order of the j Garter were also emblazoned. The seats usually appropriated to the lay clerks of the chapel were set apart for the ladies of Ihe nobility and others, who had received admission by j tickets, and a further accommodation was af forded for visiters in eaeh ais.e on the outside of the choir, where galleries were erected, from which the greater part of the ceremony could be witnessed. Shortly after eleven o'clock, the heralds and . pursuivants, who were appointed to superintend the arrangements, entered the chapel, and Dr. Elvey, to whom was appointed the important duty of organist, took his seat at that i istru ment, and played a short voluntary. At about half-past eleven o'clock, the Lord Chancellor of England, Lord Lyndhurst, en tered the chapel, attired in his state robe. His Lordship was conducted by the pursuivants to one of the vacant stalls, where he took his seat, and remained throughout the cèremony. After most of the company had assembled, the table before-me:;tioned was removed, and j a purple velvet stool edged with gold was in troduced in its room, on which was placed the | superb gold font. A. gentleman at arms then brought in a frosted glass jug, containing water procured from the river Jordan, which he poured into the font. Other gentlemen of the corps at the same time placed elegantly bound prayer books in the chairs appropriated to the royal aud illustrious attendants at the cere moray. At half-past twelve o'clock, martial music without announced that her Majesty and her myal visiters had left the castle for the chapel. Very shortly after, the Archbishop of Canter bury eutered the chapel by the north door, followed by the Archbi°hop of York, the Bishop of London, the Bishop of Norwich (Clerk of the Closet), the Bishop of Winchester (attired in the robe of Prelate ot the Order of the Gar ter), and the Bishop of Oxford in the robe of Chancellor of the same order. The Lord Pri mate took his place immediately at the back of the font, the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Norwich standing at his right, and the Bishop of London on his left. The other Prelates and Ecclesiastics, not being about to take part in the ceremony, took their stations within the altar rails. After the Right Rev. Prelates had taken their appointed places, there was a pause of considerable duration, Mh ch was broken by martial music announ cing the Queen's arrival at the chapel entrance. At precisely twenty minutes to one, the King of Prussia entered the chapel by the south door, and took his seat in a chair on the same side of the altar. The Duke of Cambridge, the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Cam bridge, and the Princess Augusta of Cambridge, i entered by the sime side, aud occupied chairs | near to his Majesty. Immediately after, the; royal procession entered the choir of the chapel by the north door in the following or der: The Senior Gentleman Usher Quarterly Waiter. GentlemenUsher to the GentlemenUsherio the Sword of State. Black Rod. Garter King of Arms. Groom in Waiting Groom in Waiting on H. R. H. on Prince Albert. the Queen. Groom of the Stole to H. R. H. Prince Albert. Sergeant-at-Arms Sergeant-at-Arms The Lord The Lord Steward. Chamberlain. The Sword of State borne by The Duke of Wellington. THE QUEEN and H. R. H. Prince Albert. Lord in Waiting on Lord in Waiting on H. R. H. the Prince Albert. Queen. I Sergeant-at-Arms. Sergeant-at-Arras. Master of the Horse. Mistress of the Robes. Lady of the Bedchamber, Two Maids of Honor. I BedchamberWoman. [ The Queen and Prince Albert, the Duke of j Sussex, and Prince George of Cambridge, took their places on the haut pas north of the altar. The Queen was attired in the robe of the So vereign of the Garter, over a dress of the richest crimsoa velvet. Her Majesty wore the collar ' of the Order over her shoulder, and its star on her left breast. On her head was the splendid, diamond tiara, and her Majesty also wore a necklace and earrings of the same precious gem. ff er hair was plainly dressed in loops falling over her cheeks, and drawn up behind the ears. On entering, the Queen looked rather nervous, but soon resumed her wonted dignity. Prince Albert was attired in the robe of a Knight of the Garter. The Duke of Sussex, also in the robe of a Knight of the Garter, was stationed next to his Royal Highness. The King of Prussia was dressed in a scarlet mili tary uniform, with blue facings and silver epaulettes. His Majesty wore the Collar of the Order of the Black Eagle. The Duke of Wellington stood behind her Majesty's chair, supporting the Sword of State ; and upon more than one occasion during the ceremeny was observed, notwithstanding the considerable weight he supported, taking ob vious pleasure in adjusting the train of her Ma jesty's robe. THE CHRISTENING. Oa the Queen's entering the choir, the grand march from Judas Macbeus vas performed on the organ by Dr. Elvey. Before its comple tion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, and a signal was given to discontinue the \ performance. j The organ having ceased, the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of the bap tismal service. Hts Grace read the beautiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impres sive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Archbishop came to the questions propounded to the godfathers and godmothers of children brought to be baptized. His Grace then, turning to the sponsors, most impressively demanded of them as follows : - " Dost thou, in the name of this Child, re nounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, and the carnal desires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow, nor be led by them ? j To this the King of Prussia replied for the sponsors generally, inconformity with the words of the Liturgy, " 1 renoua e them all." His Majesty delivered this senten e and the other responses in the servi e quickly, but distinctly and emphatically. His accent did not appear to be at all that of a foreigner. The Archbishop having arrived atihat part of the service in which he is to take the-child into his arms, her Grace-the Duchess of Buc cleuch received the infant Prince from the nurse, who stood -lose to the Queen and Prince Albert, and delivered his Royal Highness to the Ar hbishop. His Grace then turned to'the King of Prussia and the other sponsors, and said, " Name this ; child.'' His Majesty replied in a clear voice, " We name him Albert Edward." The Arch- j bishop then performed the holy rite of sprink- j hug and signing the mark of the cross upon the child's forehead, saying, Albert Edward, I baptize thee, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The organ gave forth, and the congregation joined in a solemn " Amen." The Archbishop thea offered ap the thanks- ? giving for the admission of the child as a mern- j ber of Christ's church, and then, all kneeling, \ the holy prayer given to Christians by the Sa- j viour was most impressively delivered. At : this moment the scene was solemn and mag- ! nificent in the extreme, and would afford a worthy subject for the pencil of the artist. The Queen having retired, the King of Prus sia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered ' hi3 arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge aud the rest of the Royal pary. The company assembled in the body of the j choir were thea permitted to pass to the altar ; table, to inspect the plate, the font, &c.; Great j j anxiety was shown to dip a handkerchief or j glove into the water of the font brongbt from I the Jordan, with a view to treasure up such ! articles as reminiscences of this auspicióos oe easton. Indeed, su h. was the anxiety to ap- j proach to the font and altar, that it was some time ere the chapel could be finally cleared. Among the occurrences of the day most par- j ticularly observed, was the devotion evinced j by the King of Prussia. During the perform ance of the baptismal service, his Majesty never ; once was seen to take his eyes from his book, j save when he was called upon to answer the j interrogatories of the Archbishop. His Ma jesty's conduct throughout the servi e was in deed a pattern for princes and for subjects. Mr. Hayter was present, by command of her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony ; and Mr. B ixter, ' the artist, was present, by her Majesty's per- j mission, for the same purpose. RETURN OP THE PROCESSION. The grand crash of instruments by which the Hallelujah Chorus is distinguished, as well as the booming of the guns in the Long Walk, gave notice to the spectators in the Lower Ward of the castle that the christening was concluded. The royal carriages, which had ¡ filed off to the bottom of the green in the Lower Ward, were then called up to the temporary gateway formed in front of Wolsey's Hall. The royal party returned, however, in an order the very reverse of that in which they had en tered the Chapel. Her Majesty and Prince Albert were the first to return home ; they were followed in due course of time by his Majesty the King of Prussia, and the other royal per sonages. The same tributes of military and popular respect which were paid on their pro gress to the chapel, were also paid to them on their return. The young prince was, if any ' *fhing, more cordially cheered than he had been before. His Royal Highness was held ap to the win dow, and the gratified spectators testified their joy by the waving of hats and continued cheer ing. Again were her Majesty and Prince Al bert enthusiastically greeted. The other vi* siters returned to the castle in much the same desultory manner as they had arrived. There were eight of her Majesty's state dress car riages, and several of her private carriages engaged in conveying the guests to and from the Chapel to the Castle, and no attempt was made, apparently, at forming a procession, or indeed at anything except making the transit as rapid and as little inconvenient to the pub lic as possible. CHAPTER OF THE ORDER OF THE GARTER. Oa the return of her Majesty and Prince Al bert, the King of Prussia, the Royal Family, and the distinguished guests, to the castle, a Chapter of the most noble Order of the Garter was held in the Throne-room. Nearly all the visitors assembled in the Waterloo Gallery. The knights were robed by Mr Hunter, in the Guard Chamber, in their splendid mantles and collars, and the officers in their respective mantles, chains, and badges. Her Majesty, being seated on a chair of state, and the knights j and officers having been introduced and taken their places, their Sovereign's pleasure, that a lineal descendant of his Majesty King George I. Bhould be elected into the Order, in pursu ance of a statute to that effect, and notified by the Bishop of Oxford. The election was then proseeded with, and his Majesty Frederick William the Fourth, King of Prussia, was declared elected a Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter. The Garter was then buckled on the King's left leg, and her Majesty, assisted by Prince Albert and the Duke of Sussex, afterwards passed the ribbon and George over the left shoulder. The Throne-room had been fitted up ex pressly for the occasion, in a very splendid manner. Within the alcove at the west end is the throne, placed on a raised dais, having a magnificent canopy, and draperies of'crimson velvet, most richly decorated with gold, and having the royal arms embroidered in bullion on the back. The chair of state is carved and richly gilt ; the cushion of purple velvet, em bossed with the Star of the Order of the Gar ter. The alcove contains a painting by West, of the first installation of the Order of the Garter. Some mirrors of the largest size, reaching to the ceiling, line the east end, and also fill np the space between the piers. In the centre of the room is a chandelier, of very elegant form, and lustres are suspended at the sides of the throne. Portraits of George III. by Gainsborough, of George IV. by Lawrence, and of William IV., by Sir M. A. Shee, all of them in the robes of the Garter, adorn the south side. The walls are covered with purple velvet, with the Star and Badge of the Garter em bossed. The chairs of state, and the seats of the Knights, are carved and newly gilt, and covered with purple velvet, embossed with the Star of the Order of the Garter. The ceiling is highly ornamented, and is richly gilt. St. George and the Dragon, and other insignia of the Order of the Garter, are introduced among the different devices. THE BREAKFAST. After the investiture of the King of Prussia, a déjeuné was served to the visiters in the Queen's presence chamber, the Queen's audience cham ber, and the Vandyke Gallery. The Queen and Prince Albert, the King of I Prussia, and the royal visiters, passed to the white breakfast room, and all the ladies to the oak room. The company at the déjeuné in cluded all who had received the honor of in vitation to the banquet. ST. GEORGE'S HALI.. The following description of the preparations in St. George's Hall is from the Timet, which affords a general view of the magnificence of the scene which the hall presented : Qa entering this singularly striking roora, our eyes were perfectly dazzled by the bril liance of the gold which glittered before us. On a screen, which extended nearly two-thirds of the width of the room, was fixed a beaufet j of plate, almost too dazzling to look upon. I The centre piece was the celebrated shield of j Achilles, on which it were only a vain task to i utter words of commendation at this time of day. Around it were thirty-three other massive pieces of plate, to say nothing of the minor chalices and goblets which were interspersed among them. We want words to describe their unrivalled splendor. Looking up the table, we saw four distinct avenues formed, between the I silver gilt plates ranged on each side of it, by the ! j tareens, the vases, the salt cellars, and the j j chandeliers. The salt cellars were singularly I elegant and diversified. The chandeliers, with j j their numerous branches, rested on polished mirrors, to which they gave, and from which they borrowed, light when their branches were barning. In the centre of the table, directly ! opposite to the Queen's chair, was a magni I ficentgold chandelier, standing nearly five feet high, with numerous branches, on which was a splendid carving of St. George slaying the Dragon, with Victory dropping a crown of lau rel on his head from above. Near it was the j celebrated Tower salt cellar, which is 60 well j known as one of the choicest gems of art in the ' possession of the crown. But why should we j particularize further iu such a display of opu , len e and refinement, when we only saw the table for a few minutes, and each separate piece of plate would take us almost an hour to describe ? Looking behind us, we found another sideboard equilly gorgeous with that which we had at first so much admired. We think it must have > ontained some of the largest salvers in I the world. We were told that one «f them, I valued as worth 10,000 guineas, was formed : out of the golden souffl boxes re eived by George i IV. We saw amongst them two immense gold bottles, said to be Scotch, with massive chains of the same metal, containing from four to six quarts each. The workmanship was exquisite. We had also pointed out to us the j celebrated gold cup of Gustavus Adolphus, j which now belongs to the royal plate chest of England. In a recess opposite to the Queen's chair, and which was surmounted with the prince's plume, we were particularly struck with the golden dogs of George IV., the golden tiger's head, once the property of Tippoo Saib, and several enamelled drinking cups, espe cially one which contains an emerald said to j be worth £500. We were told that this recess ! contained three celebrated cups by Cellini, i The Nautilus cup requires jao praise of ours ; 1 it is sinsrularlv elegant. There was a cup of the time of Charles II., which also excited great admiration. It is said to have once belonged to Charles II., and to have been presented to him by a Master of the Queen's College, Oxford, who had rendered important service to his father, Charles I. If the scene were thus splendid in the day time, what must it have been in the evening, when irradiated by a thousand candles, whose light was reflected from above and below by the polished surfaces on which they fell. When we first saw it, about half-past seven in the evening, ve vere obliged, coming as we did out of a darkish passage upon it, to place oar hands on our eyes as a sort of shelter against its glare and brilliance. We had not, how ever, been in many minutes, when we became accustomed to it, and were compelled, in spite of ourselves, to yield to the sceue before us the most unlimited admiration. It is impos sible for us to convey by words any idea of its gorgeous magnificence, and we shall not at tempt to perform impossibilities. We have seen many splendid theatrical illusions, but this was a reality, and far surpassed them all. The gal lery opposite to that reserved for spectators was filled with the splendid bands of the Life Guards in their state liveries, and of the 72nd Highlanders, which in the course of the eve ning sustained to admiration, by their per formance, their well deserved character. Covers | were laid for 140 persons, and the tables abso lutely groaned under the weight of the gilt silver plates deposited upon them. For each j guest a servant in the royal state livery was in waiting, and even before the guests appeared, ; the scene in the hall was full of animation and splendor. ' THE BANQUET. About half-past se ve a o'clock her Majesty, conducted by the King of Prussia, and fol lowed by Prince Albert, the Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Sussex, the Duchess of Cambridge, the Duke of Cambridge, Prince George and the Princess Augusta of Cambridge, the Prince Ferdinand and Prince Augustus of Saxe Co burg, Prince Leopold of Saxe Coburg, and the rest of the illustrious guests, preceded by the great Officers of State, entered St. George's Hall. Her Majesty took her seat in the middle of the table, having the King of Prussia on her 1 right hand, and the Duke of Sussex on her left. At a quarter before nine o'clock, dinner waa over, grace said, the cloth removed, and a mag nificent dessert, containing every delicacy, both inland out of season, was placed upon the table. Several pieces of most exquisitely prepared confectionary, were then served up, and from the profusion of flowers with which they were decorated, it seemed as if a gay parterre had suddenly sprung up among the other gay illu sions of the scene. The wine sparkled brightly on the board. The Lord Steward then an nounced as a toast, " FTis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales." The company rose and drank it standing, her Majesty and the Prince standing at the same time, and bowing their thanks. The band then played "Rule Bri* tanaia." A few minutes elapsed, and the Lord Steward announced the next-''The King of Prussia." The company again rose, the King of Prussia standing at the same time and bowing thanks. The Duke of Sussex stood awhile after the other guests were seated, and we could not help suspecting that his royal highness was inclined, in spite of court etitquette, to favor the company with a speech. At last he, too, sat down, and the wfcie proceeded, the band playing the Prussian national anthem, " Vaterland." The Lord Steward gave, as the next toasty " Her Majesty the Queen." Again ail stood, her Majesty auaon^ the number, returning her thanks by the most graceful and animated bows. The band played " God save the Queen." The next toast was, " His Royal Highness Prince Albert," when the same ceremony was repeated by all present. The band played the *' Coburg March" in the most exquisite style : the bugle notes being most skillfully aud ex quisitely introduced. At a quarter to ten o'clock, her Majesty rose, from table, and this was a signal for the ladies of her company to do the same. Her Majest; waited till they were grouped around her, and then returned to the grand reception-room. THE CONCERT. At ten o'clock, her Majesty, leaning as before on the arm of the King of Prussia, and followed by Prince Albert, who escorted the Duchess of Kent, left the banqueting room, and retired to the Waterloo Gallery, in the gallery of which the musicians of the Queen's private band had previously assembled. At one end of this saloon a table had been placed for the reception of the christening cake, which had been removed, un touched and entire, from immediately before her Majesty on the dinner table in St. George's Hall. This cake, which was on a scale of magnitude and magnificence quite unrivalled, stood on a silver plateau about thirty inches in diameter, and with its figured ornaments was upwards of four feet high. The base was or namented with the rose, shamrock, and thistle. Immediately above were medallions in silver of the Queen and Prince, all around alternately with the Prince of vVales' plume. Over the medallions were placed the royal arms, while above the feathers appeared tue arms and em blems (the harp and leek) of Wales. The upper edg»i of the cake was corniced with an ornamental scroll. Above this were six pedi ments, with three pedestals on the uppermost, on which were placed female figures represent ing Ceres. Justice, and Plenty, and on yet loftier pedestals appeared Britannia bearing her infant priuce, Clio with her historic pencil in haud,aud St. David with his harp invoking a bles sing on the child. Between these three last figures was the baptismal font, the- whole being executed iu a style of exquisite art by the chief yeoman of her Majesty's confectionary, Mr Mawdett. Be sides.this chief d'ouvre of contrivance and skill there were on different parts of the table up wards of fifty figures, aud other emblematical devices, executed in the same style, though not of the same magnitude. All of them appeared as bright as the purest alabaster. There were also fruits of every description-oranges in slices, peaches with all the freshness of natural bloom, strawberries, raspberries, and every de scription of currant, all modelled in sugar, and so admirably executed as all but to defy the possibility of detecting their composition. On each side cf this table other two "were placed covered with gold drinking cups, and behind the whole was a fourth table, supporting a gigantic punchbowl containing negus. Immediately on the entrance of the Queen, a signal was given by the Earl of Liverpool to Mr Anderson, the master and conductor of the band, and a concert of instrumental music was then commenced and executed by the various performers with consummate taste. During its progress, her Majesty arose and proceeded to the colossal punch bowl, from which a glass of its contents was taken by the Queen to the health of the Prince of Wales, an example which was speedily followed by all present, including the Duke of Wellington and the Princess Augusta. After this the conversation became general, the King of Prussia entering freely into conversation with the nobie group around him j and, truth to say, now and then slyly taking a pinch of snuff. Many significant looks were directed towards the cake, and it was at one time ex pected that the Queen herself would have or dered hostilities to have been commenced against it, bul her Majesty appeared unwilling to spoil this remarkable specimen of first rate confec tionary, and it therefore remained statu quo. Precisely at half* past eleven, the Queen took her leave of her guests, to whom she made re peated and graceful obeisances, and placing her arm in that of tho King of Prussia retired from the apartment, which was speedily afterwards vacated hy the visiters. 