THE MANSLAUGHTER CASE. We refused Dr. Haygarth's letter under a strong impression that it displayed a mental character of the most exceptionable descrip- tion, and that its writer, having lost all self- command by the consciousness of defeat, had determined to dash forward with despe- ration, alike regardless of his duty and his danger : but the Chronicle is to publish that letter in his next. We have maintained the cause of Dr. Pugh hitherto ; nor shall we relinquish it. We have exposed the dark conspiracy by which he has been environed : the iniquity of his persecution we have re- presented to an indignant community : and there is no portion of these colonies where his calumniators will be able to hide their shame, or to obtain an adherent. With an unprecedented unanimity every gentleman in the colony sympathises with Dr. Pugh ; every medical man, excepting those who figured as witnesses — all but the MAJOC- CHI'S of the profession — are unanimous in favour of that decision, which was pro- nounced by the upright, but calumniated, magistrate. All — from the first medical officer, downward — express their " disgust and abhorrence" of the late proceedings. But Dr. Haygarth is not satisfied. He is a collector of facetious and horrific tales : he can combine the terrible and the gay : to make out a case, he puts side by side the sorrows of Dr. Drury, the facetiœ of Dr. De Dassell, alone with his own " professional knowledge," as data for upsetting this deci- sion. But is it to be borne, that a person of Dr. H.'s claims on public confidence — a man who has thrust himself before the pub- lic eye — or who finds it necessary to rouse the languid attention of Launceston, by piles of advertisements, to Mr.Bates' good fortune — to his importation of titles and dignities — to his jewel, not unworthily set : is it to be borne, that such a man should be encou- raged, or even allowed, to scandalise by wholesale ? First to take up a case on hear- say : to force a charge before the magis- trates : to pronounce the magistrate incapa- ble, and even corrupt : and to continue to charge a gentleman with the awful crime of " bungling out of life" an unfortunate patient, without a shadow of even attempted proof : for, whatever mystery may hang over the case penetrable by Dr. Haygarth's much-vaunted professional knowledge, he has given the public no clue to follow him through his profound investigation. But it may be possible for a man to be so thoroughly bewildered by vanity, as to fancy himself the only just and intelligent member of his profession; and as Dr. H. cannot find a single medical gentleman to corroborate his views, he must be remark- ably conceited in placing them in opposi- tion to all others. But in looking at his letter, and comparing it with the evidence, we are compelled to conclude that he is at- tempting to throw dust in the eyes of the pub- lic, and to lead them away from the original charge. What has become of the tumour ? — Dr. Doughty saw the tumour — that fatal tumour, which produced the patient's death — that tumour which, with unexampled pathos the Chronicle described as crying for relief. Dr. Doughty saw that tumour ; it was distinct, prominent ; it told of mal- practices, of ignorance, unskilfulness, of barbarous indifference. Dr. Doughty saw that tumour before the examination — he saw it during the examination — he started at it ; or, as Dr. Haygarth described it, uttered " a mental exclamation." But the tumour is gone — not a word of it in the letter. The witness brought the tumour in. and he has carried the tumour out : it came in his testimony, and with his testimony it departed. It is a sort of spectre, that no one saw but he for whose behoof it was sent. Dr. Haygarth has done with the tumour. That flagrant proof of guilt — that tumour which might have been returned " within one half hour of the decease, with a chance of preserving life ;" that tumour is now abandoned ; it is the sole property of the witness ; and Dr. Haygarth, with all his professional knowledge, will be unable to attach it to the dead, or remove it from the living. But though Dr. Haygarth says nothing of the tumour, he says much of Dr. Pugh, and labours hard to prove that he has forfeited protection from oppression, because he has been an oppressor. One word on this. If, at any time, that gentleman could, by pos- sibility, be guilty of ungenerous rivalry, or official oppression, we solemnly pledge our- selves to the public, that the weapons which have not been worthless in defence, will be in readiness to assist those who may resist him. But the reference to Dr. Drury is only another instance how crafty malice imposes on credulous ignorance. Let Dr. Haygarth come out from his connections ; let him do himself justice, if he does jus- tice to none beside. Those who have led him to impute to Dr. Pugh, Drury's case, have practised on his greenness. In that prosecution Dr. P. had no concern what- ever ; and let this experiment of the veracity of his informers, teach Dr. H. to trust to memory no longer, and to receive that les- son, which his nurse long ago ought to have imparted ; that those who are treacherous and false to others, only flatter to betray him : that he is a tool they employ, to laugh at, and which, when worn out, they will lay aside with as little hesitation, as regret. The following letter, which has been placed in our hands, we give to the public. We do not see in what way it can become necessary to recur to the subject again : but we never do things by halves ; and, believ- ing that the party arrayed against Dr. Pugh are, with few exceptions, false, ungenerous, and base, we shall expose all their plotting, thwart all their scheming, and continue our watchfulness and opposition, so long as they are malicious — that is, so long as a ghost of them remains. Principal Medical Officer's Office, September 2, 1842. SIR. — As Principal Medical Officer under the government, I conccive it my duty to express my satisfaction at the result of the legal investigation given in your favour : and also my disgust and abhorrence of the proceedings lately attempted to injure your professional reputation. — I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant, JOHN THO. CLARKE, M.D., Deputy Inspector General of Hospitals ; Principal Medical Officer. W. PUGH, Esq., Launceston. 