Extracts. Fire At Sea. - By the arrival of the William Mitchell, we have received intelligence of a fire having broken out on board the Mathesis, from Dundee to this port with Immigrants, at sea on the 9th August, but by the coolness and judgment of the captain, aided by the praiseworthy exertions of the passengers, (the seamen having in the most cowardly manner taken to the boats and left the vessel to her fate when the alarm of fire was given.) It was got under, and by the next day entirely extinguished. The whole of the cargo was destroyed, the ship's lining and even some of her timbers were considerably injured by the fire, By the blessings of Providence, however, the vessel arrived in safety at Rio de Janeiro on the 25th of August, where she was refitting, in order to bring on the emi- grants when the William Mitchell sailed. Captain Harvey, the commander of that vessel has favoured us with the following account respecting the Mathesis - The Mathesis, from Dublin, bound to Port Philip with 86 emigrants on board, left Dundee June 2nd 1841. Between eleven and twelve noon. On the 2nd of August, when in latitude 20° 40' south, longitude 20° 30' west, the store room was discovered to be on fire. The cause of it is ascribed to a spark falling from a naked candle on some straw lying loose, which immediately took fire. On the alarm being raised, the seamen took to the boats, and in defiance of the captain's orders, refused to return to the ship. The emigrants imme- diately set to and drew water, which was poured into the hold and store room. At four p. m., when the fire was considerably got under, the seamen returned to the ship, and assisted in drawing water. On the 10th of August, after incessant working for nearly thirty-six hours, the fire was extinguished, the ship was then kept away for Rio de Janeiro, at which port she arrived on the 25th of August. From Dundee to Rio, there had been six deaths, five of these children, and one female aged 21, (Ann Crorken from Aber- deen) who died of hydrocephalus. The Governor Arthur, Steamer; This vessel was destroyed by fire early on yesterday morning. The facts are as follow:- The vessel arrived at the Queen's Wharf late on Wednesday evening, and as usual the fire was drawn from the furnace, into an iron box which has lately been formed for its reception; numerous buckets of water were then thrown on- it till it was sup- posed to be quenched: about ten o'clock the fireman again visited the place, and threw a few more buckets of water as usual to prevent any unexpired sparks from igniting the mass; he then retired to rest with the remainder of the crew. Chancing to come on deck about half past one or two o'clock in the morning, he smelled fire and perceived smoke issuing from the after part of the vessel; the bell rung, and a person was sent to the Caroline brig alongside the Wharf, to request assistance, which was refused the crews of the lime boats and those of some other small craft however, lent what assistance lay in their power. After a good deal of difficulty, the vessel was broken through from within and sank in a few moments-nought but her mast funnel, and bowsprit remaining above water; previous to her sinking, every endeavour was made by those on board to knock away the pipes with which the boiler was supplied, put ineffec- tually, owing to the smoke and Flames. - It is supposed that she will be raised to-day, and if not injured to any extent, that she will be re- paired and enabled to run on the river as usual in a few weeks time. The vessel was valued at £2,500 - P. P. Herald, December 24. , FATE OF THE PRESIDENT. The New York Papers contain the parti- culars of a long investigation into the fate of this unfortunate vessel, instituted by Mr. Bu- channan, the British Consul for the Port of New York. The facts elicited by the investigation, appear to be, that when the pilot left the President, Captain Roberts observed, that he felt satisfied of making a quick passage; that his vessel was in good order, he had abund- ance of fuel &c.; and that with regard to her trim, she was only about one and a half inches by the head. Caplain Cole of the ship Orpheus, stated, he left New York in company with the steam ship President, on the morn- ing of the 11th of March last, and that he was in sight, of her until about sundown on the evening of the 12th. The captain further stated that when he last saw the President rising on the top of a tremendous sea, she appeared to be pitching heavily, and labouring 'tremendously. She was then situate in that dangerous part of the 'Atlantic Ooean, about midway between the Nantucket Shoal and the St. George's Bank, just where the Gulf stream strikes soundings, and where the waves rise almost straight up and down, and as high as a four or five storehouse ; that the President then must have been shipping seas heavily, and fast; that probably, these large bodies of water worked through the engine room or fire room, and extinguished the fires, in which case the steamer would have been comparatively helpless; that the storm was terrific all that night; that the next morning the wind shifted suddenly from N. E. to S, E., knocking up a still more tremendous sea, and that the gale continued with unabated, fury till midnight of the 15th, and that it is his belief that the President did not survive that gale, but foundered with all on board, and that all perished before sundown on the 13th, or in less than 24 hours after he last saw her, and most probably in the terrific night of the 12th of March. In this opinion, Captain Waite and the other nautical gentle- men seemed to coincide. After this, the meeting broke up, and the following statement was drawn up for publi- cation, by the gentlemen whose names are hereunto attached. British Consulate. New York, June 5', 18H. Present?Rear Admiral Walton, George (Barclay, Esq. agent for Lloyd's, and Thomas ^V. Moore, Esq., Her Majesty's packet agent, ¦'.".vito mot by appointmnt, to investigate such reports and matters as relate to the said vessel, ?previous to her departure Jrotn this port, on the lilli day of March last. The letter from Consul Buchanan, of tho ?31st May, addressed to Messrs, Wadsworth and Smith, tho agents, for tho proprietors, and ibeir answer being read, thc following fuels wcro satisfactorily elicited. That there was no coal on deck, and that .tho ship was in proper trim, drawing 1-7 leol 9 inches abaft, and 17 feel 6 inches forward."' That sho was not fully loaded, having spare room for about 400 barrels. That the statement of the deficiency, of sails and epars, has been satisfactorily rejected by thc lotter of Junius Smith, .Esq,, ot Lon. dori, which has appeared, 'j That when, last seen by Captain Colo, of., thc Orpheus, during the storm at 4 P. m., on', the .12lh March, between Nantucket Shoals; and George's Dunk, at which time the ship Orpheus was labouring heavily, and shipping large .quantities of waler on her dock. ' Jacob Walton, -Rear Admiral of tho "While.'| " Geougg Barclay. Thomas Mm. Moore.' Tho'-'following particulars rotative, to the number of persons on board tho President have benn prepared by the proprietor of " Halo's News Room," and may bo rolied upon'as correct:? ¦ -. ' " Number of passengers, 37. - .: Officers and Attendants.?Captain; Isl,j ?2nd and g,-d officers; Surgeon.; boys, 3. Engineer's Department.?Chief Engineers, J 2; Assistant ditto,-'2; Stokers and Firemen, ] 25; /joya,"2. Ship's Company. ? Doatswain « Carpenter I and Mate; Quartermasters, 2; Gunner; boys, 2 ; seamen, 25. Cook's Department.?Chief Cook ; Assis t nt ditto, 4 ; scullions, '3 ; boys, -3; baker, I; butcher and boy ; pastry cook ; tenders of ] stuck, 2. Steward's Department.?Providore, or pr. steward ; principal assistant; under assistants, ll ; female stewards, 3. Whole number of persons who left New.I.. York in tho President tva?, 132. J In connection with tho above, it may be remarked, that she had with her, 2 I urge quarter boats, capable of carrying ; (in fine1 weather) 25 persons; 1 smaller boat, capa- ble of carrying 10 or.20 persons each ; 1 small, boat, 14 feet, capable of carrying" 10 pe sons ; 4 boals, iu asgood ordor as any ordinary ship boats, capable, in good weather, of carrying 80 persons, TRAVELLING REMINISCENCE. Tho guards of'Siail coaches, who, by a late arangemenl, have been justly elevated in j the snalo of society, como in contact occa- sionally with tho-oueerest of characters, and listen to so many racy recitals of sayings and doings at inns, and hair breadth escapes by I flood and field, that were there any chance of convening the body for the purpose pf com- paring adventurous notes, one of the most amusing books that ever were written might | be concocted from communications alike varied and authentic, lu faot, wero the race I given "to .authorship,-'a perodical might bo j conducted from such a-source, "far more j worthy of general patronage than thc journals of travellers, who spend their time abroad, | and seldom remain long enough in any one place to obtain correct and comprehensive | knowledge of the morals anti manners, virtues and vices, opinions and feelings of foreign communities, whether located in the new. or I old world. To such a publication old Sandy Stewart, who now wons in'Leiih, would bo an invaluable contributor, by drawing, when ai] leisure, on garnered enperience, stretching over moro than half a century. When in the vien, he spins many a long yarn, and amont others the following. v/-» __!.._;... Not very many yenrs ago, a Cockney tra- veller engaged an outside seat from Edinburgh to thc fair city on the banks of Tay. For a little time the rattling of the wheels over the stony streets kept tho man quiet; but this annoyance ended, he gave utterance to many an angry tirade touching tho ignorance, hastiness, and superstition of tho Scotch, denouncing tho second sight, and all other traditions, in terms most unlike the graphic and polished language of Campbell — " 'Tis the sunset of life gives me mystical lore. And coming events cast their shadows before." Honest Sandy, well known on the road as a pawky Celt made some attempts to edge in a word; but it was of no use ; opposition merely thickened the bagman's bile, and he proceeded with his denouncements, garnishing each successive charge with a class of exple- tives altogether unfit for ears polite. From Queensferry to Kinross, tho old road lay by the Kirk o'Beath, and previous to nearing this spot the guard had resolved to come York- shire over his querulous, loquacious passenger. The said kirk, with its decent spire,stands on a height, while the declivity below, devoted to the purposes of Christian burial, is dotted with tomb-stones more or less aspiring, under which the rude forefathers of the hamlet sleep." " Do you see that church yard ? said the guard quietly. ""yes," said tho other, " and what of that"'? Is that tho Tam Shanter, or-what do you call him, con- cern, where tho witches capered, or some other grave-yard where ghosts and hobgoblins come forth to frighten silly old men, women, and children. "' No," said tho conducteur, "Kirk Alloway lies in quite a different county." " What then's particular abuot the matter'?" ''Joust bide a wee, an' I'll tell you. In the cottage opposite, built right against the church yard wall, there lived a. man, whose wife predeceased him while still young, and was buried in a grave close to tho dyke on the inner side. He thus became.a widower, and feeling somewhat lonely, he married a second time at tho end of a twelve month ; on the aniversary of the 'first wife's death, or funeral —I, forget exactly which. You maybe never saw a Scotch wedding, but it is a spruce enough affair for all that. The man's friends gathered in, and soon got as merry, as merry as a thumping tea feast, and routh o' whisky toddy could make them. Tho time, as Burns says, went on wi' sangs an' clatter, and, they were just beginning to think o' the bedding when they heard a loud ramb- ling noise like a clap o' thunder. They waur sair astonished—ay, swarfing ane an' a' wi' fear—and before they could weel draw their breth what should jump into the middle of the house, amang the feet o' the company, but the dead wife, coffin an' a', as he soon kent by the marks on tho lid." " What! do you mean to say that the dead and burried hag came of her own accord an unbidden guest?" " She did indeed, Sir, and more than that, could not be persuaded to go away until objected by force, an interred a second time wi' very little cere- mony." " Very like a whale," said the Cock- ney angrily; " and so, old boy, you wish to gammon me with tho stupid stuff the Scotch swallow so greedily. " I have no such wish," rejoined tho guard, 'as you will hear from what follows: part of tho shelving ground having been excavated in digging tho founda- tions of tho man's abode, the pressure arising from such careless masonry at length forced in the back wall"; and hence the mystery of a coffin at a wedding, a corpse, and a shroud !" " O! see now ; but then it's no ghost-story after all." " I never said so ; but very strange things do happen now an' then and men like you that doubt or deny everything in the lump, should tak' this caution wi' ye that we may as easily expose oursel's by believing ower muc kle ; an' that's the moral o' my bit story." 