MISCELLANEA. Manchester Buildings.—Within the precincts of tie ancient city of Westminater, and within half a quarter oFa tmle of its sncieat sanctuary,-a m narrow and dirty region, ibe sanctuary, of the smaller members of parliament in modern days. I* is ail comprised in one street of gloomy lodging houses, from whose windows in vacation*titne there frown long melancholy rows of bills, which say as plainly as did the conQtenances of their occupiers, ranged on ministerial end opposition benches in the session which slumbers with its fathers, " To Let"—" To Let." In busier periods of (he year these bills disappear, and the houses swarm with legislators. There are legislators in the parlours, in the first floor, in. lie second, in the third, ia the garrets; ibe. •mall apartments reek with the breath of deputations and delegates. In damp weather the place is rendered close by the steams of moist .icta of parliament and frowzy petitions; general postmen grow faint as they enter its infected limits, and shub« by Jigures in quest of fronks fit restlesrlv to ond fro, (ike the troubled ghosts of Complete Letterwriters departed. This is Manchester-building*; and bere, at all hour* of the night, may be heard the rattling of latch keys in their respective keyholes, with now and then—when a gust of wind •weeping across, the water which washes the Buildings' feet impels the sound towards the entrance— tbe weak shrill roice ofsome young member practising the morrow's speech. All the livelong day there is a grinding of organs and clashing and clnnging of Utile boxes of music, for Manchester buildings is an eol-pot, which has no outlet but its awkward mouth—a case-bottle which has no thoroughfare, nnd a short and narrow neck—and in this respect it may be typical ofthe fate of same few among its more adventurous residents, who, after wriggling themselves into Parliament by violent efforts ond contortions, find that it too 19 a thoroughfare for them,. that, like Mnnrhester-buildlngs, lends to nothing beyond itself; and that they are fain at lost .to back out, no wiser* no richer, not one whit more famous, than they went in.— XichaLis KickUby, August Number. Wnviiie WomenLo v ornLtvtD than Men?—It cannot fail to be remarked, as a striking fact connected with human mortality, thst notwithstanding she peculiai. and more severe, diseases to which females are necessarily exposed, and tbeir in ore delicate constitution, they f>re longer lived thnn males. The average age of males in England and wales in 1856 was 44, whil?t that of females was 47, giving an average of seven per cent, of *»irce» of mortality of male* orer females. Tin's fact is tbe more remarkable when q*e consider that upwards of a hundredth of all the deaths in ibe metropolis arise from diseases peculiar to females, while they are equally exposed to ail other diseases of a mortal nature. To what nre we to ascribe the circumstancc, then, that tho livos of females ibiee years more valuable thim those of males 1 We believe th.it tomperance and more regular I obits are among the causes, and that our view will be borne out by the opinion of rinse who bare consi- dered the subject wilb alt em ion.— Lecture by Dr, H, D. Thompson. Love AT Finer Stcttr.—A Philadelphia correspondent w rites us ns follows:—A very amusing incident occurred in this city a few days viuce, which I must communicate to vnu for your paper. A venerable genileiuan, of respectable appearance, coder a jsudden inspiration of the tender passion, aiopped, on Wednesday morning, at the corner of Walnut and Broad-streets, an elderly lady, and, without tie formaliiy of anintrudutioii, tendered bis band in marriage. Etmust be mentioned tbatthev were.strangers to each oilier, never having met before, and both of respectability. A bystander, wbp overhenrd 1 he conversation, thus relates the •dialogue:—.lit. A.—This is a rnry warm morning, madam; are Vou hot fatigued! Miss G.—(in a pensive lone)—The day is warm. Sir; but I am not fatigued. Mr. A.—May I ask if you are marri «d? Miss G.—I am not, sir. Mr. A.—Would you like to bsveu bouse of your own ! Mies G.—I would—very much. Mr. A.—Wbntis vour name, ifj I may presume to ask? Miss G. * Mr. A.— W.be 13 do yp.u.reside 1 Miss G.—In street. Mr. A-—I have a friend, who would be pleased with yop, and warns an establishment; would y like to spehim? Miss G.—l would. Mr. A.—I am the gentleman. 1 have seen you before, nnd Admired you. Iwould wist to moke you comforts. We. When cab I call on youl Miss G.—(With mniden coyness)—Next Saturday. Mr. A.—It is too long—it'is an age—I era impatient—name this afternoon. Miss G.—I can't for an engagement; bat I will see you to-morrow afiernoou at five o'clock. Mr. A —I will cpll at that hour and know my fate. Good morning. May you make me happy [ Jliavegiven you an unvarnished account of ihis singular case of wooing, as it actually oecurted, and assure vou that it is not romance, but reality.— New York Herald. ' Remarks on the Presses or English Lames . fir AwrsiCAy.—A feature in society here that '. must be striking to Americans is the great number . of single women. Willi us, you know, few women live far beyond their minority unmated, and those .few sink ioto tbe obscurity of some friendly fire* ' aide. But here they havean independent existence, pursuits, and influence, and they are much happier for it; miud, I do not say happier than fortunate wives and good mothers, but than those who, not having drawn abusband in the loitery of life, resign • themselves to a merely passive existence. Englishwomen, married and single, have more leisure, and fm more opportunity for intellectual cultivation, than with up. The objects of art are on every side of them, exciting their minds through their sensattipns, and filling them with images of heiuty. ' Tfaier.9 is, with us, far more necessity, ond of cjorse • opportunity, for the development of a woman's faculties for domestic life, than We; but this, I ' think, is counterbalanced by women's necessary independence of the.other sex here. On the whole, it taeetni to me there is not a moretovedble or lovely womati than the American matron, steadfast in Ler conjugal duties, devoted to the progress of her children and the Happiness of her household, nor a • more powerful cre^ure than the Englishwoman in : the fail fitresgth and development of her character. . jNow, my dear C., a word as to dress for the .^womankiod of .your family. . I do not comprehend what our English friends, who come among us, ^inean by ; their comments on the extravagance of 'tiiress in America. I have seen more velvet and ' oosily lac© in one hour in Kensington-gardens than J ever saw in New York; and it would take all the diamonds in tbe United States to dress a ducbes for an evening at L ; —house. You may say that lace and diamonds are transmitted luxuries, 2teir*1ooms fa species of inheritance we know, little About); still you must take into account the immense tzceasof their wealth over our*, before you can JjBve a notion of the disparity between ub. The ' WOnieh. here Op to Sve-nn^-forty (end splendid : wr>men ; mBny of them are at that age) dress with ' taste—fitness; after that, abominably. Women to < aeventy, and Heaven knows how much longer, , leave their seeks and arms bare; hot bere and there one 41 blinded, deluded, and misguided", bat wbole .assemblies of fstwomen~tndv Otempora f O mores I -^-and lean. Such parturient necks as ] bare seen 'bfefUtened with diamonds, ( and arms bared, that •eemed only fit to bold tbe scissors of destiny, or to atir the'cauldron of Macbeth a witches. — — so azure satins and rose-coloured «ifk?, and bares her arras as if they, were as rbimdaad dimpled Asa cherub's, though they are mere bunches of ainews, that.seem only kept together by that nice ^natoniical coptrirance of iho wris'-band, 00 which l^ajgjf expatiates, Jlhiq.pott-inoTitm demonstration -after all,, an .actof j^nance for past JraQtye*i brpeK&apV; 'it ft * VeneVoleht adnibnitldn lair,^hi(t W. thlrfavdijr diey'must at fast! Wfc'o lnpir«» -1tfiij JedrtcVs Z*tt*r,. Pout Jews.—On tli6*4th of November, I Caffa, and slept at the bouse of an English merchant ; from whence on the following Jay I went to Karaa-Buiaaf. This place is remarkable for being the only JowifeVtowil, without a mixture IF CLI-iatianOb the^ world. and —J sell n ^hetr ->• wares \- * through, "•*'" tiie Crimea, and "" are "" generally esteemed an honorable people. They are of the aect called Karaites, and look on all oilier Jqws as heretical; for they only acknowledge tbe text of tbe Old Testament, ond reject the traditions which the others consider as of equal force with tbe law. This circumstance has led me to imagine that their name was derived from the Hebrew karn," to read ; whereas I am now convinced it is from the Turkish '* kara," black, for they wear a long bleck dress poculiar to themselves, and the name of their town in Tartar or Turkish, which are only different dialects, means " the Black Market" They bave been settled in Crim-Tartarv from time immemorial, and assert that they settled there before tbe Uabylonish captivity ; which I own myself inclined to believe, for they not only reject the Rabbinical interpretations, but also the Cboldee paraphrase, wbicb was necessary after the return from Babylon, when the people had forgotten Hebrew.— Remains of Lord Royslon. ? Newspapers in Various Couktrje*.—Paris has now upwards of 2? daily papers, the average sale of which exceeds 90,000 per diem ; while London fa as only nine daily pepers, with a sale of 15,000 per diem. No sufficient da r a exists for computing, with any degree of accuracy, the number of copies of newspapers at present annually circulated in tbe United States, but it probably does not fall short of 100,000,000. (The number issued in Great Britan and Ireland, in 18S7, was only 47,24-8,000.) The weekly issues of the British press of Lower Canada are 29,000; those of tbe French press 8,000. Tbe earliest Spanish newspaper was published about the commencement of the eighteenth century. In 1800 only two political newspapers were published; and but a few years ago only 19 newspapers for a population of 12,000,000. There are about 20 newspapers end daily journals in Portugal, and one at the Azores. The whole number of journals in Italy exceeds two hundred. Few of the existing papers date back farther than the commencement of ibe present century. 7'he Greeks published nine—four at Athens, one at Napoli, two at Hydia, and two at Missulongbi. The government Gazette vf Cor fa is the only journal published in tbe Ionian Islands. There are ~:>iiut a dozen periodicals in Maltn, most of them oekly. At Gibraltar, a government paper, of very diminutive size, is published daily. The journals published at Constantinople, in January, 1841, were the Taurim Vakai, a government paper, and the Djeredei Havadis, in'vutgar Turkish, containing general information. In the whole extent of Africa there are fourteen journals. One has appeared at Algiers regularly since its possession by the French, in 1830: two are published on tbo western coast, at the American colony of Liberia. There are eleven political newspapers at the Cape of Good Hope, half of which are published in English and half in Dutch. An official Gatette was established in Persia in 1838. It is lithographed. Tn calcutta there are six English daily papers, three tri- weekly, eight weekly, and nine Hindustanee weekly. At Bombay there are ten English periodicals issued semi-weekly, and four Hindustanee publications. Two weekly English papers were published at Canton, but are now removed to Macon. SuFEitsrmnN IS* rue Highlands op Scotxand. —When a fisherman's marriage takes place in the parish of Aroch, Ross-shiro, there is a superstitious practice which never fails to be observed even in these enlightened days, with the view it is said of setting at defiance the power of witchcraft; nod it is this:—When the bridegroom's party arrives at the door, the best man unties tbe shoe upon the left foot of the bridegroom, nnd forms a cross with a nail or knife upon the right side-post of the door; Tbe shoe of course remains untied until next morning. While many admit tho absurdly of this relic of superstition, no one has tho hardihood yet to move for its abolition.— Neiu Statistical Account, 