COLONIAL POLITICS. EXTRAVAGANZAS. We were lately favoured with a copy of a printed letter addressed to Lord Stanley, by an extensive proprietor in this Colony, now in England, on certain of the views of which, although we are not at liberty either to print or to make extracts from the letter itself, we deem it our duty, as conservators of the public welfare, to make a few passing remarks. a .The letter commences with a strong, and, we think, highly coloured and exaggerated picture of the late extensive Colonial de pression ; which the writer depicts in the darkest colours, and ascribes exclusively to the want of labour. The Colony, accord ing to this writer, is at this moment on the verge of ruin — solely from the want of more men from Ireland to take charge of our sheep and cattle ; which, he artlessly informs Lord Stanley, are either actually dying, or becoming utterly worthless to their owners, from the want of people to tend them. In short, the picture which he draws of our general distress, both as a sheep and cattle-grazing, and as a mercan tile and commercial community, is gloomy in the extreme ; and its sole cause and ori gin, he informs his Lordship again and again, is the want of labour. Now we regret extremely, and entirely disapprove of, all such representations of the state of the Colony ; for although they should fail in producing the exact effect which the writer calculates upon, and which, in the present cases there is no difficulty in di vining, they are sure .to produce a different effect which it is obviously by no means his intention to produce — they will serve to bring the Colony into bad repute in the mother-country, and to check the emigra tion of men of wealth and respectability to its Territory. It is the worst possible po- licy for those who are desirous of encou raging emigration from the mother- country to draw an unfavourable picture of the country to which the emigrants are required to come. Then—as to the origin of the recent de pression — what is it we have had to com plain of, in this Colony for the last two years ? Is it bad seasons ? Certainly not. The year 1839 was doubtless an unfavour able season, in which drought and dearth were both felt throughout the country to a great extent, and with unusual severity in some districts ; but this was certainly not the cause of the subsequent depression, al- though it doubtless contributed to aggravate it. Besides, the last two years have been good years, with the exception of the great mortality among sheep and cattle lately at Liverpool Plains, from the extraordinary prevalence of drought in that district. And with all the qutcry about the want of la bour, we are eqtfally unwilling to admit that that was either the sole or the chief cause of the recent depi'ession although, like the drought of 1839, it helped to bring on the late crisis in our monetary affairs. From the rapid extension of the Colony, the discontinuance of Transportation, and the inadequate supply of free labour, the cost of production has been greatly in creased of late above the average of former years, and the profits on the investment of capital in grazing stock proportionably di minished. But the outcry on this subject — as if the want of labour was the great cause of our Colonial embarrassments — is unrea sonable and absurd ; as is abundantly evi dent from the fact that although upwards of twenty thousand immigrants have been poured into the Colony within a compara tively short period, that immigration has had little or no effect in raising the mercury in our Colonial barometer. The fact is, the recent depression in our Colonial world is exactly of the same cha- racter, both as to its symptoms and origin, with similar phenomena in other countries, as for instance in Great Britain and Ame rica. It was merely the cold fit in the con tagious and highly malignant disease of pleonexia, or covetousness — a disease to1 which, although undescribed in Cullen's Nosology, both merchants and settlers are exceedingly subject — the hot fit, or fever, being uniformly followed by that symptom, agreeably to the celebrated maxim of Hippo crates, that every instance of extraordinary excitement in our corporeal, system is sure to be followed by a corresponding depres sion. The disease in question commences in a general feeling of uneasiness through out the body politic, accompanied with a vehement conatus , or strong desire to make a fortune right off. This is generally succeeded by vertigo, or giddiness — a state in which the patient is liable to be carried off his feet every moment with some absurd project or other in the way of speculation. Then the hot fit or fever, of which we have already spoken, and in which the patient is often affected with absolute mania for "a time, succeeds. In this state he frequents the auction mart, on the occasion of some great and important sale of property of inestimable value , and buys land and stock, town allotments and marine villas, to an extent far bevond his means. Sooner or later the state of collapsesupervenes, in which Dr. What-do-ye-call-him, the Chief Commis sioner, probably prescribes low diet, a strait-waistcoat, and close confinement. By the way, we are of opinion that the Doctor is rather behind- hand in his prac tice, for if he were only to prescribe the strait- waistcoat during the hot fit, or mania, there would be no likelihood of the super vention of the subsequent stages of collapse and insolvency. To speak in plain English — the great majority of the traders and settlers of this Colony were smitten, some time since, with the rage of speculation. To buy land, to buy stock, to buy everything, was the order of the day; and as the Banks discounted any person's bills, it was easy to pay with paper, and quite natural to live up to the expected profits of the fortunate speculation. In short, the gambling. s-peculation that has been so extensively practised in this Colony, and so injudiciously encouraged, leads di rectly to extravagance, pecuniary diffi culties and insolvency. Instances of this kind are perpetually occurring in the case of individuals in all communities; but it is only when, from some atmospherical pecu liarity, the mania becomes general, as it seems to have done here about two years ago, that we experience what mercantile men call a crisis. We had such a crisis in this Colony in the years 1829 and 1830 ; and we ask the "writer of the letter to Lord Stanley. Was it 'the want of labour that brought that crisis on ? By no means. It was simply the bursting of the Colonial bub ble of 1826 and 1827. The sheep and cattle bills had then come to maturity, and so had the bubble — the former were dis honoured and the latter burst. In like manner it was not the want of labour that occasioned the recent crisis either solely or chiefly. That event was the natural result of the previous years of enormous and qniversal speculation. A few honrs in our good town of Sydney would do more to disabuse Lord Stanley's mind of the erroneous impression, jn regard to the actual condition of this Colony, which the letter of his Colonial correspon dent is likely to produce, than six whole col umns of argumentation. "I thought," his Lordship would doubtless exclaim, " that this .Colony was in the very extremity of distress, on the brink of ruin, in articulo mortis ; but I never saw so many equipages in any other town of four times the size in the British Empire ! Are these the signs of general distress ?" " They are the signs of the times, my lord," we would reply. And where," his Lordship would conti nue, " where are all these people going to in their splendid carriages ?" " They are going to the Insolvency Court, my lord," we would answer ; " people seldom go there on foot, in this Colony, and rarely even on horseback : they prefer a carriage for the most part." " I perceive they do," his Lord ship would rejoin significantly, and be off for Europe. Having established, to his own entire satisfaction, the point that the recent exten sive depression throughout this Colony is io be ascribed solely to the want of labour, the writer of the letter to Lord Stanley prescribes as the great panacea for all its evils, an extensive supply of labour in the way of emigration from the Mother-coun try. Now there is no Colonist who will object to this ; but what Colonist, in possession of his sober senses, would not object, to the borrowing of Two Millions sterling, in England, to equalize the pro portion of population . within the settled districts of this Territory with the actual extent of land already alienated, according t.o some oolitieal economist's ideas as to the right 'proportion for every square mile ; and pledging the Ordinary Revenue of the Colony, for the payment of this loan by. instalments of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds sterling,- per annum — one half (or 60,000/ per annum,) to be paid by the present Colonists' in the shape of a property tax, and the other half to be payable from the increase of revenue to be expected from the importation of the Two Millions' worth of immigrants ? Who, we repeat it, would jaot object to such a plan as this ? At all events we are con fident the present Colonists would'never consent to pledge the Ordinary Revenue for any such purpose. We shall have enough to do with our Ordinary Revenue by and bye to render any such measure utterly imprac ticable. But there is, in reality, no necessity for such a measure. Let the available land within the Territory be sold, and, if it can not be sold immediately, let it be mortgaged to the Home Government to any amount to ensure a speedy and extensive immigration. In the propriety of such a proposal, which -the writer of the letter to Lord Stanley submits to his lordship, weentirely concur: but the idea of taxing the Colonists directly for such a purpose as the introduction of free immigrants into the Territroy, while there are so many millions of acres of waste land of the first quality to be disposed of in this Continental Island we cannot away . with. But the most objectionable of the sug gestions in the letter we refer to is that Lord Stanley should raise the minimum price of land in this Territory— that he might raise it even to Two Pounds per acre! If we had seen such a suggestion in the writings of any of the South Australia schemers in London, we should have viewed it as a matter of course, and laughed at it in our sleeve as a notorious absurdity. But to find it in the printed letter of an expe rienced Colonist of New South Wales to the Secretary of state, did indeed surprise us. That land applicable to agricultural purposes, land fit for cultivation, may be worth even more than two pounds per acre we most willngly admit ; but is this the cha racter of nine-tenths of the land in actual occupation in this Territory ? Is this the purpose for which land is purchased here in nine cases out of every ten ? Certainly not ! It is not for agricultural but for pastoral purposes that, land is sought for in this Colony. We have already in actual occupation land of the first quality for agricultural purposes sufficient to produce grain enough for ten times the actual popu lation. But this is , essentially a pastoral and not an agricultural country, and nine tenths of the land that will ever be purchased in its territory, will be purchased not for agricultural but for pastoral purposes exclusively; and for suchpurposes, however dense the population may be at any future time, an acre of land will, never, be worth more per annum than the quantity of wool that can be raised from it, deducting the whole expense of the management of the sheep. Now every person in New South Wales, at all acquainted with agricultural and pastoral pursuits, knows that it requires a far larger extent of land to graze a sheep here than it does in almost, any part of Great Britain. The precise number of acres of bush-land that are required for this purpose we do not recollect ourselves at , the present moment, although we have heard it stated again and again ; but that number, whatever it maybe, affords sufficient data to enable any person to determine what should be the maximum price of pastoral land in New South Wales. At all events it is quite unnecessary to inform bur Colo nial readers that to purchase land in this Colony, for the grazing of sheep, at any thing like two poundspan acre would; be ruinous in the extrem!l,\ , We concur entireiyfvitli; the writer of the letter to Lord Stanley in recommending to -hia Lordship to raise a Loan of Two Millions or thereby on the security of the future Land .Revenue of this Colony, in order to effect a, speedy and extensive emi gration of the. working classes from the mother-country ; for it cannot be doubted that the very importation of such an amount of valuable population as might thus , be thrown into this Territory, would give in creased value to every acre of Crown land in the country, and thereby create a reve nue for the payment of the Loan, It is unfortunate, however, to find so valuable a suggestion neutralized by others of so very different a description as those we have enumerated above. It tends to distract the authorities at home, and does great injury to the Colony. At the same time we cannot help sus pecting the zeal for emigration of those who are themselves engaged in any way in the .emigration-busiuess either at home or here. Their cry for more labour is merely a cry for more pie; and their statements and suggestions ought therefore to be taken with. a few grains' of salt. The Go vernof and Coun cil have unfortunately suffered themselves to be gulled by tliese people to an almost ruinous s extent, as far as the best interests of the mm a— w Colony are concerned, in allowing them to import, on the Government bounty, and \- without any efficient check, so many thou sands of the very worst class of the popula tion of the United Kingdom as have been imported into Sydney and Port Phillip du ring the last two years. If no better people could be had for our money, the case would doubtless be different; an d'it would be better, perhaps, to take such people as the Emigra-' tion speculators send us than to have none at all ; but when we knew right well that as good people of the working classes of society, could.begot to emigrate to this Colony, with the inducement of a free passage, from all the three kingdoms, as have ever left the Mo , ther-country for a foreign shore, it is' aggravating in the extreme to see the best interests of our adopted country sacrificed, as they "have actually been, by negligent Councillors on the one hand, and by unprin- cipled speculators on the other. From what we have seen ourselves there is not a single mercantile house in Sydney, in the emigra tion-business, that we would trust a single hair's breadth in this matter ; for it is quite evident that not one of them cares a straw about the character or capabilities of the people they bring out to us, if they can only get 'head-money for them. In short, unless the Home Government take up the matter : themselves, agreeably to the sound advice of the' late Earl Durham, (for we despair of the Local Government) we may consider the otherwise fair prospects of our Colony, for morals and religion, irretrievably blasted and ruined. ' Individual Liabilities of Bank Pro prietors. — It is proposed by a B ill no w in tro- duced to amend the Act 4 Victoria 13, so as to place the members of a banking com pany, established by letters patent, on the same footing in regard to the liabilities of individual members, as those established by Royal Charter now are. Intercolonial Free Trade. — One li- beral measure is likely to pass in the outset of the present session of Council — a bill to admit goods, the produce or manufacture of New Zealand and Van Dieman's Land, free of duty. The general objects of the bill referred to are thus set forth : — " Where- ' as the free importation into New South Wales of goods and manufactures, the product of New Zealand and Van Dieman's Land,' may be productive of considerable commercial advantage ; it is proposed to . -exempt from duty all goods and ma nufactures imported into New South Wales ' from either of the said colonies, which shall not be the growtli or manufacture of foreign countries— spirituous liquors alone -excepted— and to indemnify the officers of Customs for acts already done." The Bushranger's Act.— It is proposed to further continue this act in force for two years,: except as relates to the time of the passing and execution of sentence of death. It is also proposed that no justice of the peace 6hall have power to cause the re moval of any person to Sydney for exami nation, unless such person shall have been "apprehended within the Police District of Sydney, or on the information of some cre ditable witness, on oath, that there is strong ground for -suspecting such person to be a Transported Felon or Offender illegally at large. These amendments in this oppres sive, and we would almost say unconstitu tional, enactment are exceedingly desirable. Separation of New Zealand.— A bill has been introduced to amend the " Act for the more. effectual administration of Justice in New South Wales and its Dependencies, in so far as the separation of New Zealand from this Colony has rendered such amend ment necessary." The Colonial Post.— It appears that a packet of letters and papers; addressed' to the Postmaster-General, arid brought to the Colony by the Champion in Feb., 1841, had been found in a Jane in Sussex-street in May last, enclosed in a paper envelope. It has not yet been ascertained in what quar ter the blame of this shameful neglect of duty rests. The packet has been suppressed . mitil the present time. A reward of Twen ty-five pounds is offered to any person who , may give information that may lead to the conviction of the parties concerned. w w tow n k HUTU mm ji m iimaim Supreme Court, in Equity. — On Tues day, the 10th instant, the Chief Justice gave judgment in the case Thomas Smith v. Ar thur Wellington Elyard. This was a bill filed 26th November-last, to set aside a convey ance of 32 acres of land at Middle Harbour, in the neighbourhood of Sydney, on the ground of the land havjng been fraudulently described at the time of sale. It appeared, however, from evidence, that the material points of the description given were correct; and consi dering that the purchaser could easily have satisfied himself by personal inspection, or by the exercise of such prudence as the transac tion called for, of the correctness of the description and of the actual value of the property ; and that no haste had been made on the part of the seller to get the conveyance executed, as might have been ex pected in the case of a fraudulent transaction ; although the purchaser's expectations had vnoiijjjjumicu in ine inuuer, ins nonor gave judgement against the application. Quarter Srssions. — Courts of Quarter Sessions will be held at Parramatta, 11th June next; at Windsor, 15th June ; at Bathurst, '21st June; and .at Maitland, 31st instant. The Sheriff — No less than three at tachments were granted against this func tionary on Friday last, and a .fourth on Saturday, on motions, in the Supreme Court for that purpose, for not returning writs. Theatricals. — During the examination of Mr. Dalle Case in the Insolvency Court, it was stated by the Commissioner that the Judges had expressed a strong opinion that the building known as the Olympic Thea tre, the property of the insolvent, should not be used as a theatre ; and when it came into Court, its use for that purpose would be prohibited. The creditors, however, op posed this determination on the ground that by letting it for that purpose their claims would be liquidated .; and this place is again opened as a theatre under new auspices. Insolvency Proceedings.— In the Su preme Court on Saturday last Mr. Windeyer moved for the discharge of an insolvent named John Prit- chard, who bad been arrested for one of his debts. An affidavit was made that this debt was one of inany, and that the -insolvent was discharged by two-thirds of his creditors. The application was opposed by Mr. Broadburst, on the ground that the affidavit did not explicitly declare that the debt was included -in the insolvent's schedule, filed conformably with the act ; and the Judges refused the rule on account of the defectiveness of the affi davit in this particu'ar. . Boundaries of Moreton Bay. — On the south by the ranges which separate the sources of the Rivers Brisbane and Logan from those of the Richmond and the Clarence : on the west by the range dividing the sources of the rivers flowing in to the western interior from those which fall to the eastern coast ; on the east by that coast; and on the northward by the limits of colonization, until a more definite boundary shall be determined on that side. Appointment — His Excellency has ap pointed Stephen Simpson, Esq., Moreton Bay, a Commissioner of Crown Lands beyond the bound aries of location. Alarming Fire. — Between eleveri and twelve o'clock on Friday evening last, the premises ot Mr. Hughes, tailow chandler, Bathurst-street west, were discovered to he on fire. Mr. arid Mrs. I-Iiighes, with' the other inmates, had retired to rest between nine and ten o'clock. The fire was first discovered by Mrs. Hughes, who aroused her husband ; he went down stairs, and finding, from the prevalence of smoke, that some part of the house was burning, he returned for his wife and child, in order to place them in safety : but so rapid was the progress of the flames, that they were unable to reach the street door. They then returned to the room 'they had left, and after break, ing through the glass in a partition door, they reached the upper vorandah, from which Mrs Hughes and her child, in their night clothes, were lowered into the street. After a short time, with ihe_ assistance of some of the neighbours, whom their cries had attracted, the inmates were all placed in safety. The fire engines arrived- soon after, and by their exertions, the adjoining premises were saved. ' The origin of the fire is as yet unknown ; but it is supposed to have origi nated in the carelcsness of those employed in the manufacture of candles, in the lower part of the house. The silver and' copper money exposed to the action of the flames, which were dug out from the ruins on Saturday, were not only blackened,' but in part melted. Theamount of property des troyed is estimated at nearly £1000, independent or what has been stolen and missing; for, as 011 similar occasions heretofore, the thievos were on the alert. Had the wind been strong from the northward, the premises on and adjoining Grose's Wharf must have been seriously endangered. Mr. Wylde, the attorney, has lost his iaw library, and a great number of deeds and other papers connected with his own property, and that of his clients. Mr. Hughe's premises were not insured. Edu5ation. — Mr. Slatterie delivered his first lecture, as previously announced, in the School of Arts, on Friday, 6th inst. In the views entertained on this all important sub ject by the lecturer we entirely concur, arid we rejoice in their dissemination. That education does not consist in the acquisition of knowledge considered in itself,, but in the disciplining of the mind so as to acquire the power of efficiently exercising the intellectual and the moral faculties of our nature, is the grand principle on which alone the business of education can be suc cessfully conducted, and its proper objects attained ; and where this principle is laid down and acted on, we, anticipate the best re sults. The apathy of the public, on the one hand, on the subject of education, and the neglect and discouragement it meets with from the Government on the other, are deeply to be deplored; and we trust the present course of lectures may be the means of at least partially removing the former. Mr. Slatterie is a very felicitous lecturer, and we have no doubt will do some good to the cause. We cannot un derstand, however, what the allusion to religious dissension — so abruptly introduced and so abruptly dismissed — had to do with the subject. Does Mr. Slatterie not know that nothing so much tends to remove apa thy and indifference on such subjects as that sort of religious dissension which has arisen in our community ? Contrary to his timid apprehensions we have no doubt that that very dissension will eventually produce the happiest effects. Goulburn Hospital.—This institution, we are happy to state, has been remodelled. On account of the withdrawal of Government support, the committee and others connected with the institution have adopted a self-sup- porting system. The medical gentlemen of the committee, Messrs. Waugh and Cart- wright, give their gratuitous services to the institution. The inhabitants have subscribed the sum of 200l. for the purchase of a service of plate to Dr. Richardson, late physician of the hospital, as a mark of public esteem for the services of that gentleman. Newcastle.—Four convicts made their escape from Nobby's Island, in a boat on Thursday last, through the connivance of a soldier, who himself accompanied them in their flight. The settlers in the neighbour- hood have thus been thrown into a state of great alarm from the fear of nocturnal depredations. On the same day, as two men were engaged in digging coal from under a cliff, the superincumbent mass gave way and fell in on the workmen ; one of them was killed on the spot, and the other so mutilated that no hope is enter- tained of his recovery.—The barque Ceci- lia departed the same day for China with coals ; the barque Eagle is loading with horses and horned cattle for New Zealand. Singleton. — A memorial from Single ton has been forwarded to his Excellency the Governor, praying for the establish ment of a court of requests in .that township. Fire Engines. — Two of these useful in- Rf.rnm<»ntB jii'rluufl'i n lliP 7?/»wt»/in7p» fnr ihp Mntnnl Fire Insurance Association, and at the same time two experienced workmen for the service of the Company. Greenwich. — Mr. Green, the proprietor of this district, is making arrangements to lay on a steamer to ply between it and Sydney. Religious Destitution in the Inte rior. — At Jerry's Plains a population of. 500 souls has gradually arisen ; and yet this large population has remained hitherto entirely destitute of reli gious ordinances, notwithstanding the liberality of our endowment system. We understand, how ever, that the pbople at last, by their voluntary exertions, aidet( by a contribution from the Lord Bishop' and another from Mr. Jones, have suc ceeded in raising the sum of 360/. 17s. towards building a church and parsonage ; and that mea sures are in progress to secure the regular cele bration of Divine Service in conuexion' wi ll the Episcopal Church, The new Episcopal Church. — The temporary Church in the old Burying Ground was opened for Divine Service on Sabbath last : prayers were read by the Bishop of New Zealand, aud a sermon preached by the Bishop of Australia from 2nd Corinth. 13, 14. "The communion of the Holy Ghost' be with you all." The service was numerously attended. Appeal to the Charitable.- — In re ference to the Advertisement that lately appeared in our columns under the above head, the Rov.Dr. Fullerton acknowledges the receipt of from James Norton, Esq., Solicitor, towards the c'mri. table object referred to. Lieutenant Small has also received from M. Fitzpatrick, Esq. a Donation of I towards the same object. Such liberality is highly creditable to the parties concerned. , Sudden Death. — A soldier of the 99th regiment, of the name of Smith, was found lying dead on Tuesday, the 10th instant behind his bed in the barrack room. On examination by Dr. Alexander, of the 2Sth regiment, it was found that the deceased had died of apoplexy. He was much respected by the officers of the regiment and bore an excellent character. Murder. — A shocking murder was com mitted on the Cook's River Road on Sab bath week, by a man named Richard Cowell. The inhuman wretch, in a drunken fit,' had beaten a woman named Catherine Skelley, with whom he cohabited, so se verely, as to cause her death. Dr. Cuthill, who examined the body, deposed on the inquest that death had been caused by the extravasation of serum at the basis of the brain, caused by external injury. Death.—On Monday, at Kangaroo Point, Mr. Urias Allender, one of the oldest inha- bitants of this Island. He was 97 years of age, 30 of which he had served in the Royal Navy with gallantry and credit, having been Captain of the Foretop of Lord Rodney's ship the Formidable, in the splendid victory of the 12th April, 1782. He made the adventurous passage to Sydney in a whale-boat upon the formation of this Colony, for which he was thanked in public order. He died of the gradual decay of nature.—Murray's Review. - 