MISCELLANY. A Ghost Outwitted. — A short time ago a joke, too good not to be narrated, was played upon a jolly old worthy, at one of our inns, in the town of ——. This scion of the bacchanalian school, be it understood, laid seige to the bottle and barrel for seve- ral days. Some of his red-nosed com- panions being aware of the circumstance, and thinking that he was doing it rather too hard. agreed upon trying an experiment to frighten him into a more sober way. Night being fixed upon for the joke, away they went to the inn described, and there they found his worship in a back parlour, quite intoxicated, and fast asleep. Whilst in this apparently happy state, he was taken and placed full length inside a coffin, which had been procured for the job. Having slept in this receptacle for the dead for some three or four hours, he awoke, and upon raising himself up he gazed about him, first on one side of the coffin and then on the other, muttering to himself, as he viewed the melancholy piece of furniture, " Where am I ? Where have I gotten to ? " Whilst in the act of saying so, a tall portly looking figure, shrouded in a white sheet, walked from a large cupboard, and on marching up to the box, faintly whispered, " You are dead." " Dead ! " said the dis- ciple of Bacchus, fixing his eyes stedfastly upon the object before him ; "aye, an' hoo lang hae I been dead ? " " A week," an- swered the ghost. " An' are ye dead too ? " " Yes," replied the spectre. " Hech, sirs ; an' hoo lang hae ye been dead, I say ? " " A fortnight," said the ghost. " Here then, lad," responded the interrogator, (putting his hand in his pocket,) " ye ken this place better than I do, bring us twa bottles o' yill." This was too good for the ghost, and before he could well get out of the room, he burst into an immoderate fit of laughter. — Stirling Observer. Water. — That water, as matter, is inde- structible, no one will venture to deny ; but, strictly speaking, water is destructible as a fluid, that is, water is capable of being changed from a fluid to either a solid or a gaseous body, because, matter is continually though imperceptibly undergoing a change, and all matter, being composed of the same elements, is capable of being changed suc- cessively into fluid, solid, or gaseous bodies ; therefore, that part of matter which existed nearly six thousand years ago as water, may have been converted, by the process of nature, into the adamantine rock, or the atmosphere which encircles like a curtain our mundane sphere, or may again have partly amalgamated with the mass of waters which tumbles round our globe. Again, water is capable, by a chemical process, of being converted into common gas, and burned in like manner ; and we all know that gas, by the condensing process which takes place in the pipes by which it is con- veyed, is often condensed into water. Now, supposing the water that exists at present on our globe to be the same that existed when " Adam first dipped his palm into the virgin stream," the gas which is con- densed into water, or the water which is converted into gas, must be a drop more or less than existed at that time, for the water so produced has not, to our knowledge, been at any time the sap of a tree, or of the excelling fruit of the vine, or the deadly juice of the hemlock ; neither has it been spilled on the ground, nor has the earth vomited it forth pure and revivified ; neither has it ascended to the clouds as vapour, or fallen to the earth as rain ; so that each drop of water so produced, or so changed must be a drop more or less than existed in the sublunary sphere at the creation. Farther, when water is absorbed by a tree, the greater part of it loses its fluid exis- tence (by the process of nature), and as- med that of a solid, for what are the trunk, branches, leaves, or fruit, but the sap or fluid matter changed into solids. Extraordinary and Perilous Exhibition. — On the evening of Monday last, and at the late and dark hour of nine o'clock, a Signor Duvalla, the person who for some time since performed some astonishing feats in the neighbourhood of Clifton and Bristol exhibited himself to the good folks of Windsor, in the Bachelor's Acre, agreeably to his announcement, by means of hand- bills circulated through the vicinities of the two towns, to " ascend four hundred feet on the inclined plane of a tightened cord," — the extreme point rising from 30 to upwards of 60 feet in height. Long before the hour appointed for the ascent to take place, the Bachelors' Acre was densely crowded with persons of every grade (amounting to seve- ral thousands) from all parts of the neigh- bourhood. At nine o'clock, everything being prepared, and two men being placed on the ground, on each side of the rope, to precede him with powerful lights, Signor Duvalla mounted the lower extremity of the rope by means of a high ladder, amidst a most breathless silence ; and during that time occupied by the ascent, about five minutes, not a word nor a sound was uttered by the thousands present. Upon his reach- ing the topmost height, he was greeted with the most deafening cheers. He then ad- dressed the multitude, and, after alluding to similar feats which he had performed in other parts of the kingdom, stated that he only looked for remuneration for his labour and expenses to the liberality of the public, and that proper persons had been stationed in the Acre to receive subscriptions. As upon all occasions of this nature, when the public are enabled to witness a sight " free gratis," it is feared that the liberality of John Bull halted behind, and was a long way distanced by his curiosity. What's in a name. — A certain citizen of Montrose, it is said, wrote to his agent in London to purchase a ton of copper for him ; but the letter not being one of the very best specimens of penmanship, as well as perhaps not very correct in point of ortho- graphy, the agent read the order a ton of capers. Surprised at such an order, but nevertheless anxious to oblige a correspon- dent, he immediately set to work, and bought up the commodity in all quarters till he had the requisite amount. This as may be conceived, was attended with the very natural effect of creating a demand for capers (in the language of trade, capers came to be inquired after,) and also of rendering them scarce, so that they in consequence rose very much in price. The agent now wrote his correspondent that he had great difficulty in fulfilling his order, but at last had succeeded in procuring for him a ton of capers but that capers had since risen very much in price, and if he chose to sell he had now an opportunity of realizing a handsome gain on the transaction. The Montrose citizen, as might be expected, was very much astonished in his turn by the communication, and the manner in which his order had been fulfilled, but had the good sense to write immediately to sell by all means — and thus, it is added, pock- eted a considerable sum from an uninten- tional speculation and unexpected advan- tage. — London Paper. Singular Return. — The following curious return was made to the commissioners of the income tax, in the year 1801, at Shrews- bury :— I A. B. do declare I have but little money to spare I have 1 little house, 1 little maid, 2 little boys, 2 little trade, 2 little land, 2 little money at command : By this you see I have children three, Depend on me, A. B. Foreign Insurances at Hamburgh. — The following, according to the Prussian State Gazette, was the real amount of property insured at Hamburgh in foreign insurance offices :— The Sun Fire Office had policies out in Hamburgh to the amount of 3,300,000 marks banco, (£236,000,) of which about two-thirds will have to be paid ; the Phœnix and the Royal Exchange, it is believed, will be heavier losers than the Sun. The Cologne Company had not more than about Short Sighted. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge was the son of a learned clergyman, the vicar of Ottery, Saint Mary, in the southern quarter of Devonshire. It is painful to mention that he was, indeed, almost an ob- ject of persecution to his mother ; why, I could never learn. His father was described to me by Coleridge himself, a sort of Par- son Adams, being distinguished by his eru- dition, his experience of the world, and his guileless simplicity. I once purchased in London, and, I suppose, still possess, two elementary books on the latin language by this reverend gentleman : one of them, as I found, making somewhat higher preten- sions than a common school grammar. In particular, an attempt is made to reform the theory of the cases, and it gives a pleasant specimen of the rustic scholar's naiveté, that he seriously proposes to banish such vexa- tious terms is the accusative — and by way of simplifying the matter to tender minds, that we should call it in all time to come, the " quale quare quiddative" case, upon what comprehensible I never could fathom. He used regularly to delight his village flock, on Sundays, with Hebrew quotations in his sermons, which he always introduced as the " immediate language of the Holy Ghost." This proved unfortunate to his successor ; he also was a learned man, and his parishioners admitted it, but generally with a sigh for past times, and a sorrowful complaint that he was still far below Par- son Coleridge — for that he never gave them any " immediate language of the Holy Ghost." I presume that, like the reverend gentleman so pleasantly sketched in St. Ronan's Well, Mr. Coleridge, who resem- bled that person in his oriental learning and simplicity, must also have resembled him in shortsightedness, of which his son used to relate a very ludicrous instance. Dining one day in a large party, the modest divine was suddenly shocked by perceiving some part, as he then conceived, of his own snowy white shirt emerging from a part of his habiliments, which we will suppose to be his waistcoat. It was not that ; but for de- corum we shall so call it. The stray por- tion of this supposed tunic was admonished of its errors by a forcible thrust back into its proper home ; but still another limbus persisted to emerge, or seemed to persist, and still another, until the learned gentle- man absolutely perspired with labouring to establish order ; and after all, he saw with anguish, some arrears of the snowy indeco- rum still remained to be reduced to obedi- ence. To this remnant of rebellion he was proceeding to apply himself — strangely con- founded, however, at the obstinacy of the insurrection — when the mistress of the house rising to lead away the ladies from the table, and all parties naturally rising with her, it became suddenly apparent to every eye that the orientalist had been most laboriously stowing away into the capacious recepticles of his own habiliments, the snowy folds of a lady's gown, belonging to a neighbour, and so voluminously, that a small portion of it indeed remained for the lady's own use ; the natural consequence of which was of course, that the lady appeared almost in- extricably yoked to the learned theologian, and could not in any way effect her release, until after certain operations upon the vicar's dress, and a continued refunding and rolling out of snowy mazes, in quantities which at length proved too much for the gravity of the company. Inextinguishable laughter arose from all parties except the erring and unhappy doctor, who, in dire perplexity, continued still refunding with all his might, until he had paid up the last arrears of his long debt, and thus put an end to a case of distress more memorable to himself and his parishioners, than any quale quare quidda- tive case that probably had ever perplexed his learning. — London Journal. The Earl of Rosse's Gigantic Telescope. — The following particulars afford a correct notion of what will be the magnifying power of this gigantic instrument, which, it is to be hoped, will materially aid astronomical discovery :— The metal is six feet diameter ; it is five inches and a half thick at the edges and five inches at the centre ; its weight is about three tons. By grinding and po- lishing its thickness will probably be redu- ced one-tenth or one-eighth of an inch ; it will be formed into a telescope of fifty feet focal length, and will, there is every reason to hope, be actually in use this year. The speculum will have a reflecting surface of 4,071 square inches, whilst that of the telescope made by the immortal Herschel, under the auspices of King George III., had but 1,811. High Life below Stairs. — A gentleman of fortune, residing in the neigbourhood of Hampstead, and who for some time past has been sojourning at a distant part of the country, returned, unexpectedly, to his house at Hampstead, on Thursday evening last, and, on arriving at his residence was surprised at perceiving lights issuing from the windows of his best apartments, whilst shouts of merriment, mixed with the mu- sical sounds of a harp and other instruments, broke from the interior of the mansion. 400,000 marks banco, (£28 000) insured in Hamburgh, and the Aix-la-Chapelle and Munich Company about 700,000 marks banco. Of all the foreign companies the Gotha Bank will be the heaviest loser. Its losses, according to the most moderate estimate, will exceed 4,000,000 marks banco, or £280,000. Important Invention. — A French gentle- man, Dr. Payerne, has just made a dis- covery very likely to be of great use in submarine experiments and purposes. He proved, on Friday morning, that he can descend and remain under water for any length of time without communication with atmospheric air. He descended in the presence of several scientific men, in the diving-bell of the Polytechnic Institution, London, at nine o'clock, and remained three hours, when he ascended, having no appearance of inconvenience. His process is, of course, a reproduction of the gases necessary to support life and also combus- tion, as was proved by his taking with him some candles, which he kept burning whilst below ; and he intends applying it to sal- vage and submarine purposes, for examining dock-gates, foundations of bridges, ships' bottoms, &c.;, as soon as his patent is sealed. What is most Conducive to Man's Happi- ness. — It is said that the Persians, in their ancient constitutions, had public schools in which virtue was taught as a liberal art or science, and it is certainly of more conse- quence to a man that he has learnt to govern his passions in spite of temptations, to be just in his dealings, to be temporant in his pleasures, to support himself with fortitude under his misfortunes to behave with prudence in all his affairs, and in every circumstance of his life. I say it is of much more real advantage to him to be thus qualified, than to be a master of all the arts and sciences in the world beside. — Teaching a Foreigner to speak English. — My friend the foreigner called on me to bid me farewell before he quitted town, and on his departure he said, " I am going at the country." I ventured to correct his phraseology by saying that we were accus- tomed to say " going into the country." He thanked me for this correction, and said he had profited by my lesson, and added " I will knock into your door on my return." — Memorials. A Good Distinction. — The late Chief Baron Thomson was a very facetious com- panion over a bottle, which he much en- joyed. At one of the judges' dinners during the assizes, there was present a certain dig- nitary of the church. When the cloth was removed, " I always think," said the very reverend guest, " that a certain quantity of wine does a man no harm after a good din- ner, — " Oh no, sir, by no means," replied the Chief Baron : " it is the uncertain quan- tity that does all the mischief." Printing. — Charles the Second's parlia- ment passed an act that only twenty printers should practise their art in the kingdom. About six shillings current was paid for one and a-half hour's reading in 1685. Extraordinary instances of the Longevity of the Horse. — There are at this time in the possession of a person residing not many miles from Northampton, five horses, namely, two mares and three geldings, of the respective ages of 38, 21, 20, 20, and 17, the united ages of which therefore are 116, and the average of the ages upwards of 23. The oldest mare, that of 38, has been in the possession of the present owner and his family ever since the year 1813. She had two colt foals in the respective years of 1823 and 1824, so that she was 20 years old when she had her first foal ; the youngest gelding is one of them. Two of the horses are worked regularly, the other three occasionally, and all are in the enjoy- ment of excellent health, being perfectly sound, wind, limb, and eyesight, except the youngest. — Northampton Herald. A Wise Choice. — Highlanders have a great dislike to be hanged upon a fir tree — at least they were wont to have. Whether they still retain this unworthy and illiberal prejudice we do not know. It happened upon an occasion when Tonal was con- demned to be hanged, either for some no- torious breach of the law, or for disobliging " ta chief," that " she" was allowed to choose " her" tree. Tonal looked about and selected a very diminutive grozer bush, whereupon " she" might be justified. The finisher of the law exclaimed with great indignation, " Tat tree wadna be lang eneugh for fifty years to hang her." Tonal however, was ready for the objection — " She was in nae hurry. Cot bless her — she wad just wait till ta tree grow." Scandal and Satire. — Satire is never relished by women. It is wholly masculine, and the counterpart to it in the female character is scandal. Their tender sensibi- lities cannot endure the idea of attacking whole sets of people at once, so they mer- cifully select particular examples, such as their next neighbour, best friend, or some other person's acquaintance, against whom to direct their eloquence. Mr. ——— at first conjectured that he must have made a mistake, and that he had in a temporary absence of mind, wandered to the residence of a neighbour. But no, to relieve his doubts, Sancho the yard dog came bounding towards him. He was at home, and feeling curious as to the cause of all this revelry, the house having been left solely to the care of the servants, he cau- tiously made his way into the premises through a back entrance, and succeeded in gaining a balcony extending round the windows of the first floor, whence he could command a view of the interior of the drawing-room, when, to his surprise, he beheld a scene that completely be- wildered him. A numerous party was as- sembled, dressed in every variety of cos- tume, representing a motley crowd of jews, gipsies, Turks, sultanas, sailors, soldiers, &c.;, all commingled together in chaotic con- fusion, and playing off the most practical jokes imaginable on each other. On per- ceiving these strange visitors located within his habitation, the gentleman conceived that some friend or neighbour had borrowed his rooms on an emergency for a fancy dress ball ; and he was on the point of re- tiring from the spot to make enquiries of the servants, when, lo, could he believe his eyesight ? bedecked in the costume of a grand Turk, with a luxuriant display of beard, that might have excited the envy of a bona fide bashaw, forth stalked from among the crowd in the back drawing-room no less a personage than Sam, his under- footman, leading by the " blushing fingers" Sally and Susannah, the belle de cuisne and femme de mansion of his establishment, both ladies attired after a fashion that would have puzzled the united conclave of anti- quarian dames throughout the entire king- dom to have defined. The appearance of Sam and his smirking handnmaids at once elucidated the mystery. Mr. ——— sprang through the open window into the room, when a scene ensued that beggars description. The magic word "Master !" never produced greater consternation among a set of urchins engaged in the revel of a school-room riot, than did that exclamation from the united voices of Sam, Sally, and Susannah produce on the motley set as- sembled in the drawing-room aforesaid. Sauve qui peut was the order of the night. A rush was made for the doors. The crowd, in their eagerness to escape, blocked up the head of the staircase, and the efforts of those in the rear threw the foremost of the group off their legs. The mass gave way, and Jews, Gipsies, and Turks, sulta- nas, sailors, soldiers, cyan multis aliis, rolled headlong down the stairs, amidst the scream of the women and the frantic struggles of the men. The intruders were bundled out of the house sans ceremonie, to seek their respective domiciles as best they might, and the servants employed in the establishment received notice to quit forthwith. Did the Ancients Cheat in Horse-deal- ing ? — " It would be interesting to us to be informed in what way this traffic (in horses) was conduced, generally, in the early ages of the world : whether the cheating, the tricks, and the frauds now in practice, and so often successful, among the lower orders of horse-dealers, were resorted to then ; and whether, among those of a higher grade, the wholesome precaution of ' caveat emp- tor,' — ' let the buyer beware,' was as neces- sary as it is at present. We know, from the history of our country, that cheating in horse- flesh was carried to such an extent during the reign of Richard the Second, that in 1386, a statute was passed regulating the price of all horses, and which statute was proclaimed in the chief breeding coun- ties of England. But, according to Pom- ponius the law of nature allows of over- reaching in buying and selling — (what a good father-confessor this Pomponius would have made to some of our modern horse- dealers !) — and Erasmus appears nearly to sanction a license to horse-dealers in these words :— ' Scis quanta impostura sit, apud nos, in his qui vendunt equos.' That some rules, however, should be established, for the protection of the ignorant against the arts of the designing, appeared absolutely necessary to British legislators ; and the laws relating to selling horses on warranty, have been, in themselves, rendered as pro- tective to the purchaser, as, we believe, it is possible for words to make them." — The Horse and the Hound. The Late Extraordinary Case at Lam- beth. — This novel case, at the instance of the Earl of Buchan against Lord Cardross, for restitution of the infant children of her Ladyship and the late Lord Cardross, re- garding which so many marvellous stories have lately appeared, was brought before Edinburgh Court of Session on Thursday, on a reclaiming vote from her ladyship, who appealed against an order pronounced on Lord Buchan's petition, presented to the Lord Ordinary during vacation, whereby the Lord Ordinary obtained the custody of the children to be given to the Earl of Buchan, as their natural guardian. The Lord President, the other judges concurring, pronounced the opinion of the court, that the application to the court in vacation was competent — that the Lord Ordinary had power to entertain it — that his order was, in the circumstances stated in the papers, and to the effect it was meant to have, quite correct — and that, in the mean time, the children must, in terms of it, be delivered to the interim custody of the petitioner, the Earl of Buchan. Stutgard, May 20. — Yesterday a cere- mony occurred here, which is common only among royal persons, and not very frequent with them. William Frank, a citizen and merchant of this city, now advantageously settled in Mexico, wished to marry a young lady resident here. As his business did not permit him to come here, and there were difficulties in the way of a marriage at Mexico, there being no Protestant church theae, it was arranged that the marriage should take place here by procuration. A friend represented the bridegroom. 