English Intelligence. The English extracts for the present issue of the Gazette, from papers recently come to hand, will be found replete with interesting notices from our far-off home, and although the events they chronicle may there have been forgotten, their re- appearance in Port Phillip will doubtless be found acceptable to the colonial reader. The Royal Botanical Gardens. — Mr. Aylmer Bourke Lambert, of Boyton- house, Wilts, and Lower Grosvenor- street, has presented his splendid collec- tion of Cacti, and the whole of his other rare plants, which he has been so many years collecting with so much judgment and research, to the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew ; and it is to be hoped that this handsome donation will be justly appreciated, and that means will be adopted to allow Sir William Hooker to give them proper accommodation and arrangement. Lord Waldegrave and Captain Duff. — (From a Correspondent.) — These gen- tlemen, having completed their term of six months' incarceration in the Queen's Bench, in consequence of being impli- cated in the attack on the policeman Wheatley, some time back, will be re- leased this day. Under the full convic- tion that neither his Lordship nor the Captain had directly any part in the as- sault on the policeman, the inhabitants in the vicinity of Lord Waldegrave's estate at Strawberry-hill have prepared to wel- come him home with a procession and fete, to be followed by illuminations in the evening. New line of Telegraph from London to Dover. — A new line of telegraph from Dover to London is now in rapid progress. A telegraph is now erecting for the pur- pose on the top of the shot-manufactory, at Toppings' Wharf, in Tooley-street, Southwark, which will be at the London terminus. Another station on Forest Hill, Peckham Rye is nearly completed ; others on elevated spots throughout the line, at Knockholt Beeches, Wrotham, Blue Bell-hill, Chatham, Isle of Sheppy, Whitstable, Herne Bay, Minster, Broad- stairs, Deal, and Dover will be finished in a short time ; and in about two months the whole line from Dover to London will be in active operation. The code of signals to be used are those of Lieut. Barnard Watson, R.N., and this telegraph will be similar to that established between Holyhead and Liverpool, which has been working upwards of fourteen years. The establishment of such a line of com- munication will be of the greatest advan- tage to the mercantile world. Superstition. — The following is a copy of a sort of charm which was found, a few days ago, wrapped round the tail of an Irish cow, lately sold in Burnley ; — " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, I command you, and all of you Infernal Spirits, Witches, Warlocks, and all Evil Eyed people in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth whom St. Paul preached unto the Gen- tiles, that I command all your witch arts and devices against Samuel Anderson's Cow and Cows to cease, and that the Malady may return to yourselves again, Amen, Sweet Jesus, Amen, Amen, — Consumatum Est. - J. N. J. K." Corpulent persons desirous of regaining their shape should apply to some news- paper establishment for the office of collector. They will run their fat off before their station becomes a sinecure. — Leeds Intelligencer. George Coleman, getting out of a hackney coach one night, gave the driver a shilling. " This is a bad shilling, sir," said Jarvey. " Then it's all right," said George, with his inimitable chuckle ; " it's all right ; yours is a bad coach." A good old woman called on Dr. B — one day, in a great deal of trouble and complained that her son had swallowed a penny. " Pray, madam," asked the doctor, " was it a counterfeit ?" " No, sir, certainly not," was the reply. " Then it will pass, of course," was the reply of the facetious physician. Novel Order. — Last week (writes a provincial editor) a gentleman called at our printing-office, and requested that we would print for him about 200 letters. On handing the copy to us we were sur- prised to read the following contents : — "—, 18. My dear —, I hasten to inform you that my dear wife Susan presented me with a fine — , at — o'clock — , and that she and the dear babe are doing ' as well as can be ex- pected.' You are aware that this is my — teenth blessing. — Ever yours, — ." This " novel order" cer- tainly caused us to cast up an inquiring look, as much as to say, " Are you in earnest?" — and his reply was, " I am really in earnest." " You know," he continued, " Mrs. — has just been con- fined with the twelfth, and I see no pro- spect of her arriving at the end of the chapter. Now, every accouchement I have to write to upwards of twenty friends and relations; therefore, if I have a stock of printed forms by me, all I shall have to do on these interesting oc- casions will be to fill up the blanks." " Well," we rejoined, " but now she has completed a round dozen the chances are against the number augmenting." " Not at all," he replied, " Mrs. — 's mother was remarkably fond of straw- berries, and she had nineteen children ; my wife is as fond of strawberries, and eats large quantities every year, — so that, like mother like daughter." We are not learned enough in connubial my- steries to understand — much less to reply to the logic — so we took up the copy and carried it into the printing- office, and, being bachelors, wended our way, much wondering what mysterious con- nection there could be between babies and strawberries, and admiring the philo- sophy of our benedict, who could wear a smooth chin and a resigned countenance, with twelve children, and the prospect of an indefinite augmentation of that awful number. Our dairy, on that day, has the following entry : — Resolved never to marry a woman that loves strawberries over much." — Hull Advertiser. Newly-constructed Buoys, Sea and Wreck Marks, &c.; — Professor Elmes, of the College of Civil Engineers, the sur- veyor of the port of London, has exhi bited before the naval authorities of the country some important improvements which he has recently completed in the construction of mooring and other buoys, sea and wreck marks, beacons, floating signals, bridges, rafts, wharfs, piers, breakwaters, and other similar floating bodies, which are perfectly unimmersible, and for which he has obtained her Ma- jesty's royal letters patent. The terrific gales and tempests which last winter ravaged our coasts, and were so destruc- tive of life and property, and which de- stroyed so many buoys and beacons that indicated dangerous shoals, rocks and wrecks, leaving these fatal spots without mark or warning, render the invention of great public importance. The follow- ing description of these improvements, submitted to the city authorities, is con- sidered sufficient, without resorting to any technical details, to show their great superiority over every other buoy or floating body hitherto constructed. The superiority consists in the peculiar mode of arranging the materials which form the internal parts of the buoy, by which it is rendered unimmersible; and if its main body or principle of buoyancy is so constructed, that any number of holes perforated through its external surface, even if rendered as porous as a seive, will never affect its buoyancy; whereas, a single perforation from an anchor- fluke, or a boat-hook, or from the planks shrinking by hot or dry weather, will cause any of those now in use to fill with water, and consequently to sink and be- come useless. The Cape. — The Graham's Town pa- pers state that the aggressions of the Caffres were extending, and the murder of an Englishman named Rudman, em- ployed as an overseer on Mr. Howe's farm, at Dryflat, by some of these marauders, had called forth a public ap- peal in favour of more stringent mea- sures to curb the excesses of these tribes. A Negro boy in the West Indies. — The negro boys are the most cunning imps I ever had to do with. I recollect on my last voyage to Jamaica, while my vessel was lying at St. Anne's Bay, I had to go to Port Maria to look for some cargo ; and on my way thither, near Ora Cabeca, I came to one of the small rivers that empty themselves into the little bays along the coast— I think it was called the Salt Gut. When at some distance, I had observed a negro boy belabouring a mule most heartily ; but before I got up he had left off his thumping, and dis- mounted, and now appeared in earnest talk with his beast, which, with fore- legs stretched out firm, and ears laid down, seemed proof against all arguments to induce him to enter the water. Quashie was all animation, and his eyes flashed like fire-flies. " Who— o ! you no go ober ? Berry well— me bet you fippenny me make you go— No? Why for you no bet ? — why for you no go ober ?" Here the mule shook his ears to drive off the flies, which almost devour the poor animals in that climate. " Oh! you do bet — berry well — den me try." The young rascal (he was not more than ten years old) disappeared in the bush, and returned in a few seconds with some stripes of fanweed, a few small pebbles, and a branch of the cactus plant. To put three or four pebbles in each of the mule's ears, and tie them up with the fanweed, was but the work of a minute. He then jumped on the animal's back, turned round, put the plant to his tail, and off they went, as a negro himself woul say, " like mad, massa." Into the water they plunged — the fellow grinning and showing his teeth in perfect ecstacy. Out they got on the other side— heads and ears down — tail and heels up — and the boy's arms flying about as if they did not belong to him ; and I lost sight of him as he went over the rocky steep at full gallop, where one false step would have precipitated them into the sea beneath, from whence there would have been but small chance of escape. No, no ; a butcher's boy is nothing to a negro boy— the one may ride like the deuce, but the other is the very deuce himself in riding. About two hours afterwards I reached Port Maria, and in an open space near the stores, there sat, or rather lay, young Quashie eating cakes ; and there also stood the mule, eating Guinea-grass, and looking much more cheerful than when I saw him at the Salt Gut. " Well, "Quashie," I said, " you have got here, I see, but which of you won?" "Quashie win, massie— Quashie never lose." "But will he pay ?" I inquired. " Quashie pay himself. You see, Massa Bucra, massa gib Quashie tenpenny-bit for grass for mule. Quashie bet fippenny him, make him go ober de Gut — Quashie win; Quashie had fippenny for cake, mule hab fippeny for grass." A Wild Horse. — We rode through the beds of sunflowers miles in extent, their dark seedy centres and radiating yellow leaves following the sun through the day from east to west, and drooping when the shadows fell over them. These were sometimes beautifully varied with a delicate flower of an azure tint, yielding no perfume, but forming a pleasant con- trast to the bright yellow of the sunflower. About half-past ten we discovered a crea- ture in motion at an immense distance, and instantly started in pursuit. Fifteen minutes riding brought us near enough to discover, by its fleetness, that it could not be a buffalo, yet it was too large for an antelope or deer. On we went, and soon discovered the erect head and flow- ing main and the beautiful proportions of the wild horse of the prairie. He saw us, and sped away with an arrowy swift- ness till he gained a distant eminence, when he turned to gaze at us, and suffered us to approach within four hundred yards of him, when he bounded away again in another direction with a graceful velocity delightful to behold. We paused, for to pursue him with a view to capture, was clearly out of the question. When he discovered we were not following him, he also paused, and now seemed to be in- spired with curiosity equal to our own. After making a slight turn he came nearer, until we could distinguish the inquiring expression of his clear bright eye, and the quick curl of his inflated nostrils. We had no hopes of catching, and did not wish to kill him, but our curiosity led us to approach him slowly. We had not advanced far before he moved away, and circling round, approached on the other side. It was a beautiful animal — a sor- rel, with jet black mane and tail. As he moved, we could see the muscles quiver in his glossy limbs ; and when, half-playfully and half in fright, he tossed his flowing mane in the air, and flou- rished his long silky tail, our admiration knew no bounds, and we longed — hope- lessly, vexatiously longed — to possess him. We might have shot him where we stood ; but had we been starving, we could scarcely have done it. He was free, and we loved him for the very pos- session of that liberty we longed to take from him, but we would not kill him. We fired a rifle over his head ; he heard the shot and the whiz of the ball, and away he went, disappearing in the next hollow, showing himself as he crossed the distant ridges, still seeming smaller, until he faded away to a speck on the verge of the far horizon. — Travels in the Brasils, &c.; Horrible Occurrence. — The Parisian Messager publishes the following fright- ful details from a correspondent at Flo- rence : — " Prince Corsini, of this city, had a negro in his service, professing the Mahomedan religion, who was much at- tached to Maria Nunciata Goldoni, a fer- vent Catholic. The negro had saved some money, and the young woman's pa- rents agreed to give him their daughter in marriage. His religion was the only ob- stacle, all efforts to convert him having failed. On a late occasion Maria's father invited the negro to dinner. He tasted a plate of rice, but when his betrothed of- fered him wine he repelled it with dis- dain, when she replied, " You are no longer a Mahomedan, you have eaten pork." These words rendered the negro furious ; he seized a knife and plunged it into the young person's heart. The parents rushed to their daughter's assist- ance ; the negro killed the father with one blow, and then attacked the mother. The son exclaimed for assistance, but be- fore any was procured, the mother and son were laid lifeless on the ground. At length two carabineers arrived, when the negro seized a musket and killed one of them, but his comrade in his turn shot the negro dead, and when the officers of justice arrived, there remained only to have the dead bodies of the sufferers in- terred." The Way to Terrify. — Prince Bello- selsky possessed to an eminent degree the talent of telling a ghost story. At a large party, one evening, the ladies drew their chairs around him and exclaimed, " Do, Prince, terrify us a little." Upon this the Prince ordered the lights to be ex- tinguished, with the exception of one, which was left burning in an adjoining apartment, the door of which was left ajar. The narrator commenced his tale, which turned, as might be expected, upon the apparition of a horrid phantom, advancing slowly in the midst of darkness visible, towards a person in bed. For the last ten minutes the Prince had kept his hand extended on a marble table ; his voice assumed a sepulchral tone. All at once be applied his icy hand upon the bare arm of his hostess, who uttered a piercing scream. The terrified auditors rushed into the other room, and in their confu- sion, extinguished the solitary light. The sudden darkness redoubled their panic. At last the servants made their appearance with flambeaux ; and the Prince, who began to be alarmed at the success of his experiment, succeeded with some difficulty in calming the ap- prehensions of his fair audience. "Ladies," said he, " 'tis all your own fault ; you requested me to terrify you a little, and I like to make myself agree- able to all." Survey of the Thames, with a view to most extensive improvements. — By per- mission of the Lords of the Admiralty, Captain Bullock, of the steam- vessel, en- gaged in the government surveys of the North Seas, arrived at Woolwich on Tuesday last, for the purpose of commen- cing an inspection of the river Thames, by the direction of the navigation com- mittee, from Staines Bridge to Yantlett- creek, within the jurisdiction of the city. Capt. Bullock was accompanied in the survey by Mr. Walker, the president of the Society of Civil Engineers, and Capt. Fisher and the other harbour-master, to- gether with the water-bailiff, and the clerk of the city works above bridge. They have already surveyed both shores from London Bridge to Chelsea, and it is understood they are prepared to make most important suggestions, as well for the improvement of the banks of the river as to give facilities to the navigation of the Thames, without innovating upon the other important interests connected with the river. When a Drunkard dies he loses no- thing but his soul. — His wife loses no- thing. His children lose nothing. So- ciety loses nothing. No being unless it the rumseller, drops a tear over him. He may have been a kind husband, a tender father, a finished scholar, a pro- found statesman, an accomplished divine, if he have descended to the degradation of a drunkard, when he dies, nothing, nothing is lost — but his SOUL! Who? who ? we ask the dealers in intoxicating drinks, the legislators, the court, who give the license, the men, the women, who set the examples who are respon- sible for this awful extinction of all that makes a husband, a father, a citizen, va- luable ? Who for that immortal soul ! American Temperance Union. Method of ventilating Stacks. — In the present uncertain weather, and damp state of the crops, an agricultural friend has suggested the following : — The old ventilators or bosses are not sufficient of themselves, as they admit only the air from below, with no opening above. To remedy this, gather as many thinnings of young wood, or tops of old trees, larch or spruce, as may be required, choosing those which have most small branches and are fullest of foliage. Cut these into lengths suitable to the size of the stack, and build them in along with the sheaves, at regular distances, carefully placing them at opposite sides and joining the tops in the middle, so as to form an opening through the stack. By this method a complete ventilation will be obtained, and after the victual is past danger, the branches may be either pulled out or allowed to remain. A Russian's Estimate of Authorship. — A popular Russian fable (by Kruiloff) represents an author and a thief in hell. They are in two separate kettles, and the devil has lighted a huge fire under that belonging to the man of letters, while the light-fingered hero is only enjoying a gentle degree of warmth. The author reproaches Satan with his partiality, but the latter justifies himself thus : — " You are a much greater sinner than the thief ; his sins have died with him, but yours will survive for centuries.' Ladies Wanted. — In the parish of Llanelly, Breconshire, including Bryn Mawr and Beaufort, the males exceed the females by more than 1,000. This is a striking contrast to Worcester, where the same majority is in favor of the la- dies. — Somerset Paper. Railroad Germany. — A railway will be opened on the 6th of September from Aix-la-Chapelle, and the journey may be performed in about eighteen hours from Ostend, or fourteen from Antwerp to Cologne. It is not expected that the railway from Liege to Aix-la-Chapelle can be finished under a year and a half, as the country is extremely mountainous. Upon the occasion of the opening of the line from Aix-la-Chapelle to Cologne fetes are intended to be given, which will last for three days, when a concert will take place, and Rubini, Hersiani, and Negri, who are taking benefits at all the towns in the neighbourhood, will appear. Repealers in America. — An Irish re- peal meeting was held in Boston a few evenings since. One of the speakers stated that the Bostonians had transmitted no less than £300 sterling to the Dublin Association. Also, that two American eagles, of the newest issue of the mint, had been sent as testimonials " to two in- dividuals, who distinguished themselves by their patriotism, in a peculiar manner, at the late general election in Ireland." The first was to a Miss Munroe, of Wa- terford, whose brother was led from his home to the poll by the agent of his Tory landlord. His sister followed him, even to the entrance of the booth of the ribald Tory party, and the moment she got near enough to speak to him, elevated her hand and exclaimed, " Remember your soul and your country." The brother's spirits sunk under her rebuke, and he left the hustings without casting his vote. The other medal was sent to a coal porter. While the voting was going on in Dublin, he was standing in a group who were cheering for Daniel O 'Connell. Near them was another group of the Tory party, one of whom became so furious at the cheers for O'Connell, that he fired in among his friends. The ball struck a coal porter in the hand. As soon as he recovered from the momentary shock caused by the wound, the magnanimous fellow raised his shattered limb towards his assailant, and said, " See there ; but if you will vote for O'Connell, I will for- give you !" Struck by the porter's sub- lime patriotic magnanimity, the man who fired at him changed sides, and actually voted for O'Connell. We can think of nothing in ancient or modern times to surpass this anecdote. — American Paper. The Church of Scotland. — We un- derstand that a very respectable meeting of friends of the Church of Scotland re- sident in London was held at Exeter Hall on Tuesday evening last, and that a society was then formed, called "The London Lay Union," for the, purpose (amongst other objects) of upholding the principle and influence of Presbyte- nanism — of promoting a more zealous co-operation with each other, and with their brethren in Scotland and Ireland— of advancing the interests of young Scot- tish and Irish Presbyterians, particularly on their first arrival in London — and of assisting the Church in her present struggle. New Discovery in Agriculture. — An extraordinary fact was mentioned the other day at the sitting of the Academy of Sciences. One of the members stated that the Agricultural Society of Brest had, upon the proposition of a member of the committee, sown some wheat upon land without any preparation of plough- ing, and in one of the worst soils possi- ble, and after having merely walked over the ground to press the grain on the surface, had it covered with fresh straw to the thickness of two inches. The pro- duce was, it is asserted, more abundant and much superior in quality to corn raised from the same seed in the ordinary way. Some ears of corn, the seed of which had been placed upon window glass, covered with straw, were also ex- hibited. Paint me as I am. — " Paint me as I am, " said Oliver Cromwell to young Lely. " If you leave out the scars and wrinkles I will not pay you a shilling'' Even in such a trifle the great Protector showed both his good sense and magnanimity. He did not wish all that was characteristic in his countenance to be lost in the vain attempt to give him the regular features and smooth blooming cheeks of the curl- pated minions of James the First. He was content that his face should go forth marked with all the blemishes which had been put upon it by time, by war, by sleepless nights, by anxiety, perhaps by remorse; but with valour, policy, authority and public ease written in all princely lines. If men truely great knew their own interests, it is thus they would wish their minds to be pourtrayed. 