MELBOURNE RACES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] EVERY nation seems to have a popular festival, alike peculiar to itself and cha- racteristic of its properties and position Balls to a Frenchman, the opera to an Italian, a book-sale to a German, a fair to the Poles, (a race among whom Is- raelites and a spirit of huckstering are rife,) an ice palace to the Russ, a bull- fight to the Spaniard, and a horse-race to an Englishman, affords the finest op- portunity for enjoyment. At home, our Doncaster and Epsom have been visited in each succeeding year by royalty ; and have each presented a stage, which fo- reigners—literary, diplomatic, and noble —have selected to obtain a grand and comprehensive view of a people superior in arms, unbent and at home, in the sports of the field and the air. The great hive annually sends out its swarms, who, taking wing, settle by the broad streams and primeval woods of America, or plant fresh races on the Indian and Australian shores ; wherever they fix their homes, the same industry and union—the same ascendancy and success, mark the move- ments of a British colony. We see it on the long populated shores of the West Indies—by the spreading lakes of the Canadas—and throughout the ungrate- ful borders of the great Southern Land. Climate, habits, and government, effect, during the course of years, alterations in the physiognomy, manners, and spirit of an Englishman ; but, in the end, colo- nists gradually re-assume the political strength, the social character, and even the physical features of their forefathers. There is this reservation, however—that throughout all their changes, English games and English pursuits stick to their memories ; regattas hunting, and horse- racing, are still the favorite pastime of the sturdy descendants of the Briton. Admit, now, that this is a sound and philosophical introduction to a report of a colonial race affair, and away I dash into a relation of the MELBOURNE MARCH MEETING. For at least a month previous to the great event, rumours came of horses getting up, jockeys training, bets re- cording, publicans preparing, and ste- wards superintending. Time eat its way through the month of February, and with considerable exertions the men of the woods eat their way through damper and salt beef, (mutton don't keep in summer,) their impatience urging them a trifle a head of the celebrated old gentle- tleman whose scythe devours every thing, the sun rose upon the 27th of February. The races opened upon the 1st. On Monday, being the previous evening, the horses were entered ; between that time and the hour in which I watched the sun go down on that same 27th of Fe- bruary—his large red face streaked by the boughs of the forest trees that en- circled our bush domicile—forty-eight hours had to elapse, and a ride of eighty miles to be accomplished, before we could show on Batman's Hill. The tra- vel of a summer's night, made easy by a full moon, was before us ; the road is about the fairest in the district ; a party of eight make good company for horse and man, and the coolness of the time chosen for the expedition was an advan- tage not to be obtained by day. As the sun went down, the day's last meal was spread upon the primitive board, the fragrant weed adding its charms to the zest of toil's unvitiated appetite. Up came the yellow moon, while passing the stirrup cup, each horse received its master's burden, and away the party went at a smart canter amid a round of merry laughter and the baying of the huge dogs that sprung forward on their chains as angry to be left behind. Gradually the sounds died behind, con- versation ceased, and the first hour's ride saw us like Falstaff's " Minions of the Moon," tracing the forest paths which echoed only to the hollow and regular tread of our horses' hoofs. At midnight we gained a water-hole well known as a resting place on that road, and leaping from our saddles we baited the hard worked nags, while we smoked a social pipe. Since seven o'clock on Sunday night we had made a distance of forty miles from our point of departure, and that in five hours is fair riding, on a horse taken up from grass, at any time—by night you may call it good work ; an equal distance was yet before us, it was the last half and the moon was setting, but better specimens of horse flesh were not at a venture to be found than in our party— sound, well-kept hacks, that were well treated and up to their work. These had not yet received the usage common to the country, where of all places a horse undergoes the greatest trial with the smallest chances. It makes a judge of horse flesh, and one accustomed to see brutes handsomely used, sick to look at the tricks played with them in this colony —a colt before it is two years old is handled, and packed and ridden off his legs before his age makes him well a horse. The style, too, of breaking in, is so clever that it teaches a horse two nasty tricks for every good lesson he naturally ac- quires ; then he is sure to drink whenever in a sweat ; is ridden up every hill, reins and stirrups all abroad, gets a burster, and looses his wind. Greasy heels, corns in the frog, and worms in the intestines, are as common as spavin among the French nags ; but as for looking to his hurts, that's out of the question with your lazy hulking squatter—if the brute takes him over the ground 'tis all he wants, and his care is nothing to the animal's bottom. " It makes me kinder ryll'' I tell you," for the climate is beau- ful, the herbage sweet, and the horse breeds as kindly as the sheep. Nothing is to prevent us having the finest breed of horse in the world, if common care is taken ; it won't do, however, to go on in the old slovenly way of putting mares to any sort of horse, without looking to the points and picturing the issue. At one time a squatter would send half a dozen mares to the same entire, because perhaps he was a big one, and the fee was cheaper than another ; long sums were given in those days for any sort of a cat-hammed, slim-legged thing, the extravagance of prices made it worth while to keep brood mares, and some rascals in whose eyes the character of the colony was as little worth as their own, reared abortions for the sake of selling them. " Horse flesh has got a fall," a number of clever entires are to be found, so that the man who now breeds the best foals will get the best prices ; this is an improvement certainly, but this is not all, when the foals are got, training will have its effect as it has with human creatures ; the fine climate and the plentiful enjoyment of the open air should make our horses as gentle, 'cute, and hardy as an Arab ; stabling has originated half the " ills which (horse) flesh is heir to ;" fever and inflammation with all their local developments spring out of the pampered state of living and the unhealthy atmosphere of a stable. Sound in constitution, and of a good stock, the colonial breed of horses bids fair to attain a high standing as well as a high value, but we must forsake the evils into which perhaps various una- voidable circumstances connected with the foundation of a young community and the difficuty of giving a proper out- line to their pursuits, has hitherto un- wittingly led many. The substance of these remarks slipped from me as we sat together on the trunk of a fallen gum tree ; as the topic wore itself out, my pipe gave sympathetic evidences of an epileptic termination to its existence—carefully shaking abroad the ashes, and passing again the stirrup cup, we mounted afresh, and pursued the way to Melbourne. Without describing the further inci- dents of our night, excursion, suffice it to say, that the sun was flinging out its hot and powerful rays over the town and distant bay as we passed over the flag- staff hill in our approach. How this place grows ! was our first and general exclamation. " It gets larger, I said, with every visit." I mean of course visibly larger, so continued is the progress, that it makes ' a sensible alteration in the general appearance of the place, a change easily noted by any one who has had the opportunity of over looking it from the position we were then in, after an absence of a few months—below us on the undulating grou d on which it stands, Melbourne with its well defined and rather formal divisions, compactly filled with substan- tial buildings, was throwing up into the still clear air of a summer morning co- lumns of light blue vapour from nume- rous chimney tops ; at its lowest verge wound the silver stream of the " ever- flowing Yarra ;" its broad basin covered with a mosquito fleet, that even at that early hour had brought a throng about the newly-constructed and convenient wharf ; beyond this to the southward and westward spread the dusky foliage of the untouched woods, with here and there an opening flat, or a lofty sail of a vessel (its hull unseen) marking the tortuous course of the river to the sea. At length the eye met the horizon line of water, blue, still, and unchanging, sleeping in the sunlight, an unsteady vapour hover- ing over its surface, indicative of a hot, breathless day. In a reach nearest the river we descried the slim masts of the numerous vessels in harbour, the outline of a few houses at Williams Town, and the flagstaff on the point, on whose yards were drooping the party-colored flags, that announced to the telegraph station immediately in our neighbourhood the arrival or departure of some vessels during the morning or evening twilight. Pausing a few minutes, while the eye took in the different parts of the unarti- ficial panorama, we were called to pro- ceed by the sound of a bell, that told, as far as recollection of the usages of the town would bear us, that preparations for the morning meal were making in some part of the city. Urging our horses into the fag-end of a canter, we proceeded down into the body of the town, and arriving at our inn, flung out of the saddle, resigned the animals to the groom, and ourselves to the interior of the hotel. Roused out of a long and refreshing sleep, recruited from the fatigues of the past night's ride, I strolled out in the afternoon to see the horses muster upon Batman's Hill. At six o'clock the squad met, and, leading round the pretty mound of earth which takes its name from the oldest colonist of Port Phillip (since dead), we were in a position to obtain a capital review of the competitors for the ensuing prizes : this portion of the pro- ceedings, however, was decidedly mis- managed by the stewards ; at one time it was announced that the horses would show at the race-course itself ; then, that there would be no show ; and, finally, that there should be one, and that it should be held at Batman's Hill ; the consequence was, that several did not show at all, and the rest was a mere puppet- show. Returning from the rendezvous, we whiled away an hour over dinner, and between seven and eight, I found myself at the Royal Hotel, where the horses were to be entered : here, again, some odd crotchet of the stewards was brought into play ; in the place of giving room for a party to come in, and, on the spur of the moment, or according to circumstances, to enter his horse for any stake, proprietors were called on to send in sealed tender—something, certainly, very aristocratic and government- like in its method, but very questionable in its merits, if we set aside the amusing origin- ality of the scheme. It is obviously better that the doubtful owner should be allowed to know his competitors than be placed in a corner where he must either run his horse blindfolded to the conse- quences, or lose a good chance of winning. Amid an abundance of talking, betting, swaggering, hood-winking, pumping, and misleading lists were filled up, and, at the appointed hour, the stewards de- clared that the following horses, having complied with the terms, were duly en- tered :— TUESDAY, MARCH 1. TOWN PLATE. Mr. Hunter's br.g., Speculator, 6 yr. old. Mr. Lamb's g.h., Plenipo, aged. Mr. Clarke's. b.h., Tallyho, 3 yr., old. LADIES' PURSE. Mr. Hunter's br.g. Flying Shingler, 6 yr. old. Mr. Powlett's b.g., Conrad, 4 yr. old. Mr. Homes's b.h., Whisker, aged. Mr. Lamb's g.h., Plenipo, aged. MAIDEN PLATE. Mr. Hunter's b.m., Medora, 6 year old. Mr. P. D. Snodgrass's g.m., Baroness, 6 yr. old. Mr. Gardiner's b.h., Goldfinder, 5 yr. old. Mr. Walton's b.g., Mozzaroni, 3 y. old. Mr. J. Ewart's b.h., Prince Albert, 4 yr. old. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2. PUBLICANS' PURSE. Mr. Hunter's ch.g., Romeo, 6 yr. old. Mr. Gardiner's b.h., Goldfinder, 5 yr. old. Mr. J. Ewart's b.h., Prince Albert, 4 yr. old. Mr. Lamb's g.h., Plenipo, aged. THE TRIAL STAKES. Mr. Hunter's b.m , Medora, 6 yr. old. Mr. Purves' g.g., Sligo, 6 yr. old. Mr. Walton's g.g., Skeleton Jack, 4 yr. old. Mr. J. Ewart's bk.m., Zyllah, 3 yr. old. Mr. H. Campbell's b.c., Nimble Pin, 5 yr. old. Mr. Hudson's g.g., Harkamay. SCURRY STAKES. Mr. Arundel's b.g., Cambden, aged. Mr. Hunter's g.g., Maneluke, aged. Mr. P. D. Snodgrass' g.m., Baroness, 6 yr. old. Mr. Purves' b.m., Coleo, 4 yr. old. Mr. Ewart's b.g., Peacock, aged. Mr. Lamb's b.g., Stepper, aged. FRIDAY, MARCH 4. PORT PHILLIP TURF CLUB STEEPLE CHASE. Mr. H. Jamieson's b.g., Woodman, aged. M. A. Hunter's br.g., Flying Shingler, 6 yr. old. Mr. Powlett's bk.g., Conrad , 4 yr. old. Mr. P. D. Snodgrass' g.m., Baroness, 6 yr. old. Mr. Homes' g.g., Tom Jones, aged. Mr. McLeod's ch.g., Imperial, aged. MATCHES. Wednesday, immediately after the trial for the Publican's Purse :— Mr. H. Jamieson's b.g., Woodman. Mr. Powlett's bk.g., Bolivar. One three mile race, gentlemen riders. Saturday. Mr. Hunter's ch.g., Romeo. Mr. Powlett's bk.g., Bolivar. One four mile heat, gentlemen riders. Full of exciting anticipation, I retired to the best bed that the best inn could afford, and dreamed of races, and crowds, and booths, and dancing and getting ———, and at last awoke with fright of six mad bullocks, that had started for the judicial stakes, running me down close to your quarters in the old goal. Sluing myself round in the bed, I put out my hand, pushed up the window that was close to my head, and looked out for tidings of the wea- ther. The dense cloud of smoke which hung over the town streaked with red shades of sand whirls, told one too plainly that the light sea breeze which had set in the previous evening, subse- quent to the heat of the day, had only been sufficient to drive the smoke of the burning woods as far as the town, over which it remained hanging like an immense canopy. Nearly stifled with the breathlessness of the atmosphere, I sunk back again in bed and snored out the remaining hours to breakfast time. As I sat demolishing the eggs and steaks, and coffee, which with a bush- man's appetite I had attacked, I pondered upon the best means of transporting my- self to the scene of the day's festivity : I had too often experienced the plea- santry of a hot wind cutting across a horseman's face and drawing the blood from the heated and distended nostril to fancy enjoying the day in that manner. There remained only a choice between Harcourt's tandem, Keane's drag, and my amiable friend Mrs. Ashton's chariot. Still visions of sand, hot wind, grating dust, and intolerable heat ; the sweat of the Oi Polloi, and various unmentionable nuisances, almost deterred me from ven- turing, on such a day, on so perilous a course. Fortune, however directed me to the Gazette, which I held in my hand perusing after breakfast, when I lit on an advertisement respectfully informing the public that the Aphrasia steamer would for that day only run up the Salt Water River and disembark her passen- gers alongside the race course. Eureka ! I exclaimed, clapping my hands, it is clear ; I called the waiter and bid him see whether the steamer was preparing for a start, while I ran up to change my dress. At ten precisely the bell of the Aphrasia announced the moment of shov- ing off ; at that precise moment my foot was on the stage ; I ran nimbly on board and made my way to the poop, where by good hap I found a seat among an im- mense crowd of the unwashed, female specimens of whom were suckling in- fantile productions of the race, and drinking Palmer's ginger pop. Fizz went the steam, fizz-whirr-r-r-r-r-r, gusht, gusht ; the paddles took a turn, pat, pat, pat, touching the water like a cat pawing a ball of cotton ; slowly the fine profile of her bows swung round the basin, and seeing her way clear she got her dander up and went slick away a-trampling the water under her fins like a whale spouting in the face of a north-easter. In ten minutes we had cleared the outskirts of the town, washed the river bed against the ramparts of the slaughter houses, tanners' and fellers' yards, and were working away down the long still deserted reaches of the Yarra Yarra ; passing Long Reach the steamer plied away down the Middle Bend and through the Devil's Elbow with marvellous facility, anon the junction hove in view, and shaving the very edge of the low wooded bank, she wheeled right up the Salt Water River, and spun along at a rate that astonished the untrafficked highway of this tributary stream. We reached the destined scene of our exploit, and with a noise that out- rivalled her announcement at starting the fire boat spat out the rushing steam as she closed with the bank and discharged her crowded decks. Closed in with an amphitheatre of grassy hillocks at the back, and bounded in front by the river, the race course spread out a scene of merriment and display that five years ago the wandering native little dreamed of as in some stormy night he constructed his lonely " mia-mia" to shield himself and lubra from the in- clemency of the weather during their so- journ by the banks of that unviolated stream. The course itself is somewhat of an elliptical shape, a mile and a half in length ; the run in is fenced with posts and chain, at the extremity of which the grand stand, having seats for spectators above and a publican's booth beneath, together with the judge's stand, is situate ; running parallel with the course were erected a number of licensed booths and tents, some of which in their arrange- ments for the accommodation, day and night, of men and horses, were equal, if not superior to anything at the Derby. Making my way to the weighing machine I fell in with the able clerk of the course, and mindful of my engagement with the leading journal of Melbourne, I secured his services for imparting accurate and complete intelligence of the races ; how well his share of this report has been per- formed let the following account of the three days' sport bear witness :— FIRST DAY. TOWN PLATE. Three years, 8 stone ; four years, 8 stone 10 lbs. ; five years, 9 stone 4 lbs. ; six and aged, 9 stone 10 lbs. ; 3 lbs. allowed to mares and geldings. Fifty sovereigns, added to a Sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each P. P. Mr. Lamb's g.h. Plenipo | 1 | 1 Mr. Hunter's b,g. Speculator | 2 | 2 Mr. Clarke's b.h. Tallyho | 3 | 3 1st heat. Betting, 2 and 3 to 1 on Plenipo, 2 to 1 against Speculator, 10 to 1 against Tallyho. Plenipo, who was the favorite from his known stoutness, jumped off with the lead, which he con- tinued until they reached the grand stand the first time, the other two well up ; here Speculator came to his head, and forced the running at an increased pace to the one mile post from home, when Plenipo set to in earnest, and carried on the run- ning at a tremendous pace to the last turn, where he had increased his lead to four lengths. Here Tallyho, for whom the pace had proved a sickener, got his quietus ; and Speculator, (to the very great astonishment of the knowing ones, who fancied he could not live the dis- tance ran up to the grey and challenged him just upon the rails, where he looked for a moment very like a winner ; but on the old horse being called upon, he came out gallantly, shook off the gelding, and won tolerably well by a neck. The 2nd heat. 9 to 1 and 19 to 2 on Plenipo. Speculator went off at score, as if determined to break down the grey by the severity of the pace, and after going about a hundred yards, the pair collared each other and a beautiful race ensued, both going at a pace suited for a two-year-old course. In passing the grand stand the first round, neither seemed to have the advantage, although several fan- cied Speculator was slightly overpaced, thus continued the struggle to the first turn after the winning post, when Plenipo went away from his competitor ; here the race may be virtually said to have been decided ; nothing having the ghost of a chance with him, his jockey setting quietly, pulling double. At the rails Plenipo had increased his lead to a hundred yards, and on Speculator's arriving at the distance he was pulled up, the old horse cantering in by himself. Tallyho, against whom the pace and extra weight told from the start, just saved his distance, his condition appeared to resemble a prize ox rather than a race horse, but we doubt whether any training could have enabled him to live the pace. 