of Short-sighted. h re. Samuel Taylor Coleridge was the son of a learned clergyman, the vicar of Ottery, Saint Mary, in the southern quarter of Devonshire. It is painful to mention that he was, indeed, almost an object of persecution to his mother ; why, I could never learn. His father was described to me by Coleridge himself, as a sort of Parson Adams, being distinguished by his erudition, his inexperience of the world, and his guileless simplicity. I once purchased in London, and I suppose, still possess, two elementary books on the Latin Language by this reverend gentleman ; one of them, as 1 found, making somewhat higher pretensions than a common school grammar. In particular, an attempt is made to reform the theory of the cases, and it pt ves a pleasant specimen of the rustic scholar's 'naivete, that he seriously proposes to banish such vexatious terms as the accusative - and by way of simplifying the matter to tender minds, that we should call it in all time to come, the " guale quare quiddativé" came, upon what compare sensible principle I never could fathom. He used regularly to delight his village flock, on Sundays, with Hebrew quotations in his sermons, which he always introduced as the " immediate language of the Holy Ghost." This proved unfortunate to his successor ; he also was a learned man, and his parishioners admitted it, but generally with a sigh for past times, and a sorrowful complaint that he was still far below Parson Coleridge-for that he never gave them any " immediate language of the Holy Ghost." I presume that, like the reverend gentleman so pleasantly sketched in St. Ronan's Well, Mr. Coleridge, who resembled that person in his oriental learning and simplicity, must also have resembled him in shortsighted ii es, of which his son used to relate a very ludicrous instance. Dining one day in a large party, the modest divine was suddenly shocked by perceiving some part, as he then conceived, of his own snowy white shirt emerging from a part of his habiliments, which we will suppose to be his waistcoat. It was not that; but for decorum we shall so call it. The stray portion of this supposed tunic was admonished of its errors by a forcible thrust back into its proper home ; but still another limbus persisted to emerge, or seemed to persists and still another, until the learned gentleman absolutely perspired with labouring to establish order; and after all, he saw with anguish, some arrears of the snowy indecorum still remained to be reduced to obedience. To this remnant of rebellion he was proceeding to apply himself strangely confounded, however, at the obstinacy of the insurrections when the mistress of the house, rising to lead away the ladies from the table, and all parties naturally rising with her, it became suddenly, apparent to every eye that the worry oriental- ists had been most laboriously stowing away into the capacious receptacles of his own has biliments, the snowy folds of a lady's gown, belonging to his neighbour, and so volumi- mously, that a small portion of it indeed, remained for the lady's own use ; the natural consequence of which was of course, that the lady appeared almost inextricably yoked to the learned theologian, and could not in any way effect her release, until after certain operations upon the vicar's dress, and a continued refunding and rolling out of snowy mazes, in quantities which at length proved too much for the gravity of the company. Inextinguish- able laughter arose from all parties except the erring and unhappy doctor, who, in dire perplexity, continued still refunding with all his might, until he had paid up the last arrears of his long debt, and thus put an end to a case of distress more memorable to himself and his parishioners, than any (such quare qxdddatwe case that probably had ever perplexed his learning London Journal. Value of Thoughts. Did women think, did they trace sad effects up to their trivial causes, how many petty annoyances would they avoid how few faults would appear to them as not worth noticing. They would beat me eloquent apostles of domestic reform, and cheer by their quickening influence the desires of every man who sought to make his family in the world better than they had been. The change would be electric, home would be the dearest resort, and every hour now spent in wrath or wretchedness, would become hallowed to those quiet endearments which have long been waited for. A London Banker of the Old School. - He bore little resemblance to his modern successor : he was a man of serious manners, plain apparel, the steadiest conduct, and a rigid observer of formalities. As you looked in his face you could read in intelligible characters that the ruling maxim of his life-the one to which turned all his thoughts, and by which he shaped all his actions was that he j who would be trusted with the money of other men should look as if he deserved the trust, and be an ostensible pattern to society of pro- city, exactness, frugality and decorum. He lived if not the whole of the year, at least, the greater part of the year, at his banking house; was punctual to the hours of business, and always to be found at his desk. The fashionable society at the next end of the town, he never dreamt of enjoying and he would have deemed it nothing short of insanity to imagine that such an act was in the compass of lunn,m daring as that of a banker's loung- ing for an evening in Fun a Alley, at the Opera, or turning out for the Derby with four greys to his chariot, and a goodly hamper swung behind, and well as to fied with perigord pies, spring chickens, and plenty of iced champagne. 