Kwangsi isa-ctsi-acrs. COLONIAL ADVOCATES. (From the Australasian Record.) LANG re i it specimen of the sort of great metallic colonial interest may expect at the hands of those who haunt themselves then advocates in Parliament, when the occasion serves their own special purpose, has been exhibited in the continued debate on the Tariff. The \ cry small pretensions these war times have to consistency have once or twice before, peeped out in the course of the discussion on this all important measure, and we, on the occasion of the fl get an attack of Lord Howick on the protective system, took some pains to show how control j the statements he then made were to the uni state of the case, and how contrary they were to what he has himself before professed on this subject. Notwithstanding, however, the settled castration his lordship received at the hands of the Colony of Press in general, in addition to the complete defeat he sustained in his motion, it appears his party are determined to continue the assault, and solely with the view to delay, impossible, Legislation by the Ministry for the" country For with what view else can it be They have not the ghost of a chance of success , is the day lions on their several motions testify and the more they stir in the business the more complete are then defeats. Hence it is clearly, evident their opposition to the colonies is not based on any justifiable ground, but purely arises from their desire to embarrass Ministers in the view of preponderating power. The floundering Ali Roebuck made With respect to the Canada protective system, called forth, ks It deserved, the grave disapprobation of many of his own supporters, who, however much they may wish for place and power, felt the irretrievable ruin its abolition would entail upon British subjects, who have largely invested capital iii the Canadian dependencies. We must not, however, be led into the particulars of one isolated case, though much could be said of the many advantages these provinces possess in a commercial and maritime point of views-in a commercial point of view as protecting the integrity of our West Indian Colonies and in a maritime point of view, as a check upon the encroachments of America. The subject must be treated as involving the principle of either supporting, or annihilating, our Colonial Possessions. These friends of the colonies know full well, that severance of all allegiance to the British Crown would follow. But what care they so that their own ends are answered. These patriots, these lovers of their country, would rejoice at a reign of anarchy in the British possessions. It would be to them a fresh impulse to action, and to their fertile imaginations would probably suggest some new republic for the exhibition of their own crude notions of free trade and absolute independence. Such conduct, however, cannot be longer tolerated ; they have now un- masked themselves to the world; they have shown how insincere their professions were, or rather, for we can scarcely be persuaded that any rational minded person can, with a moment's consideration, take up the notions of free trade, on the broad principles broached by the present puny opposition-how easily their professions can be perverted to serve the interests of a particular clique. It therefore behoves all those who feel the paramount importance of the connexion of the mother country with her colonies, to read these representatives of the people's interest an instructive and useful lesson of public duty, should they again appear in the field of a contested election for their support. This, nevertheless, we hope not to see for many years to come, provided the present government follow out the improved system of administration developed in the financial expose of the Premier. In the mean while it is necessary they should know their position with the public in order to give them the opportunity to amend. Should they refuse the consequences will be what they little expect. THE CLAUUEUUS AGAIN Some sixteen months since [then. No. (503] we gave an account of a curious trial for " work and labour done in this employment. The following from The Times for " work and labor" not done is hardly less amusing.-" The undertaker of dramatic success to one of the first theatres in the French capital had assigned a particular duty to M. Vermifuc, a goodly uiourcd-lookins ''11 man, who appeared at the bar, with both his arms thrust deep into the pockets of his outer garment. Judge. What do you demand of M. Ver mifue?-Cl.qfde Catholic. Five francs of which he has defrauded the Claque ad- ministration. Judge. By doing what ? Chef de Claque. By doing nothing at all. That is what I complain of Judge (to the defendant). What answer have you to make to this charge Defendant. I am an old soldier, not over rich, and therefore deprived of the means of going often to the theatre ; pourtant, I love it as I love my snuff-box. When my regiment was in Prussia I went to the theatre all the same, and at the burning of Moscow I was the last to leave the spectacle at the cry of "fire!"-Judtje. Come to the facts. Defendant. Since the re- establishment of peace (curse it !) I have found means of going to the play of a trifling expense, to the royal theatres at half price, droit de liqueur, and to others for a third. Well, the other day I presented myself at the Cafe of the occasion, and was told to take a petit verse. Now, that is a thing I never take. " If you desire to belong to the cheque," was the answer I got, " Ihejietil verse is indispensable. It is necessary to consume." Thereupon I tossed off, and paid for the petit verre, gave my money to the chief, - who confined me to the charge of the brigadier-claqueur, and we entered the pit a dozen of us together, comfortably seating ourselves before the doors were opened, sans faire queue. Judge. You had agreed to clap at certain indicated periods. Defendant. My engagement was to applaud and the applause was given in a hundred different manners. Some laughed, some went, some shook their heads.somesobbcd convnlsively.somemade, a constant useoftheirpockct- handkerchicfs, some made draw their palms, and others clattered on the floor with the soles of their boots Chef de Claque. The formal engagement was to applaud with their hands, Defendant. The particular mode was all a matter of taste and choice. You choose to exercise your hands ; I did not. The moment the piece was commenced, the thumps of Monsieur le Chef de Claque's cane produced a marvellous effect. The liqueurs raised an infernal clatter. The baton of the conductor of the orchestra was not insure incessantly in motion than our chef's cane, and the bouyant orchestra under his command, to do them justice, kept up a devil of a din. The "cross fires," the secondary salvos," the nice shadow ings of polite emotion, the dictatorial words of critical acumen all were managed with most desirable fact, while from all the mob localities arose incessant thunder, insuring to the last new garbage a triumphant success. Che de Claque. You certainly did not contribute to this success. Defendant. I applauded heartily in intention. The intention is accepted for the act itself. (Laughter.) Chef de Claque. Monsieur was warned of the necessity of joining in the cheque, but remained with his hands in his pockets. His answer to every re- monstrance was, that he could not continue clapping the whole evening. Well, he has returned since three different times to get himself enrolled in my corps of an listers maniptdisles. The official functions connected with the duties of my department are so extensive, and involve the necessity of meeting such a number of new faces, that I engaged him each time, for- getting that I had met him before. Well this clapping-man (homme it clique) did not eat]) at all. (Much laughter.) De- fendant (joining in the laugh). C'est rest. I took up the post of a solitary in entitles, chief, as it were, of the hostile forces, and what music useful post, with a view to draw down universal plaudits? Of course, I clapped no longer Judge. Why Defendant. I Halter myself for a good reason. (drawing forth the stump of his left arm from his coat pocket.) There's a little impediment, voyez rous ; the hand is wanting ! The judge erased the cause from his list in the midst of the universal daughter of the audience, while the discomforted Chef is Claque made himself scarce with the utmost possible despatch. 