ItEVIVAL OP TRANSPORTATION. WXRK the advocates for thc Hevivnl of Transportation to call a public meeting for the purpose of petitioning thc Imperial Authorities to Bead convicts to this Co , lony, they would not hare [a chance of ¡ obtaining a fair hearing : instead of being ; met hy argument they would be put down by clamour," and therefore they have acted t wisely in uot asking Tor auy public support of their scheine ; but we musí My, that io send petitions round the Colony for signa- ture, and to keep the'matter secret as Long as possible, is n course of procedure which is highly reprehensible, and which should not hare expected thc highly r pecutble men who are connected with thc petition would have been guilty of. AVe were in hnpes that the odious subject lind hem dropped, and that there- would .have been no occasion to have recurred to the many objections-objections which have not, and canuot be replied to, tu the re- vival of transportation ; but we fear wc sliall have to re-opcu the whole subject. In the mean time we call particular atten- tion to thc forcible arguments ¡u the fol- lowing communication from an esteemed correspondent, one wc may remark, whe hos no small stake iii the Colony : An no notice has been taken in the Hamid newspaper of a politlón winch ii handing nbiiut lfi3 colony fur signature, praying thu Imperial Parliament for tho renewal of ti por union to this Colony, you, Otu l lc may not be nw*re of tiie fact. Thu Peti hftirever, I will not say the petittunvrx, fosiea tu desire the convicts idiould bo ployed solely on public work«, '['here ca no doubt thui llie Pi'tition wiil-bu numerously linnet!, for poverty sometimed like oppressi drives men mad, and the motive winch duces the greater number of the petition to nltaeli (heir un mei to the Petition i* c tainly a very*infliieuLi;il one in civilized c;i minutie*-thal inn pecuniary ono. Iiis be lumea, Gentlemen, that there ure 'sol avong \u who Ituve other end* to attain i side* thc nc cumula lion of wealth. It is to bc boped there ure u lurge c!a*<d of persons in thc colony who c<m»idur thc future prosperity of Nuw South Wales depends upon some thine; more thu ii thc mere profitable investment ut' capitol in it,. ]t ii trusted that there are fathers who hive re^ird to thc influences with which their children H re surrounded, «ntl who have soma regard to the future character ot' the community in which they desire to transmit their name, and upon whicn, in n great measure, dopouds thc happiness of generations yet unborn. If there aro such, Gentlemen, I hope you will urge them to come for wm d and usc their influoueo in coun- teracting thc object ol'the petitioners. It is not in the country, from whence this ii written, thnt such an nt tum pt can bs made, it inuit be done in Sydney, where opinion starts, as it were, from its origin in New South Waled, and ndiäüded throughout the colony: for nothing excites much ink-rest that take* place out nf Sydney. New South Wules is Sydney, and Sydnry is New South Wales, bert and every- where. If you would take np the subject, Gentlemen, 1 would suggest that the peti- tioners should bo ns ked to what extent they desire that convicts should be introduced into tho colony. Doubtless their anxiety for the relief of the financial exigencies of the British Government, lcidi them to desire thal they nhould be sent out to uny extent the diminish thc exper or at least to the anti in the colony prei transportalion. If so, us wc hn to believe that crime Ins diminished in Ina mother country, we nwy expect nbottt the same average number which arrived from thc beginning of 1830 to the end of 18*0, when transportation ceased; viz.'. about '¿ti li) male convicts yearly. Now, Sirs, if under thc new system of transportation, the rame probation inuit bc undergone before a convict cnn obtain a ticket-of louve, as ii now thc cine : for if transportation is to be considered n punwh ment, thc probation ought not to b& for u less period ; then it may bc calculated that there will be upwards of ten thousand convicts, even nile-wing for death?, employed un govern- ment work« nt thc end of four years; and in wen years time from thc commencement of thc renewal of transportation, lhere would b? at least fourteen thousand convicts similarly engaged, exclusive ot" those men who will re- ceive colonial sentence during that period. Consider, Gentlemen, thc number of con- vict* which mini be employed by the govern- ment in ten years hence, supposing the new system of transportation already beguu. Consider the machinery requisita to coerce llii 9 immense and increasing number of con- centrated criminals, for they must be, in a grrat mensure, concentrated for economy's vi^ts, / am aware many calculate thal this will bi? beneficial to the colony, ns the money re- quisite topay for thciraupport imntcome f the UrilMi trcntnrv; but is there not s doubt on that subject. As thc labour of thc convicts will beetnploycd for thc benefit of thc colony, it in very probable, that as diniin¡¡.h ing thc public expenditure is thc order ot'the dav, thc British government may be disposed to burthen the colonists with a considerable portion of the expenses of the convicts, more particularly rf they are sent out at the in- stance, thc earnest prayer of thc petitioners. Any one acquainted willi human nature is aware, that congregated bodies of men stimu- late to crime; every colonist knows that the ironed gangs and road parties in thc colony arc thc veriest sinks of iniquity ; and that it is these dens of vice which pour forth thc greater number of bushrangers and highway- men, who from time to time create so much alarm in thc interior of thc colony. Now, Gentlemen, as we havo no guarantee that a different or a better system will be adopted for thc coercion and security of the forth com i nj convicts, than that in use at present, i mn jim what thc condition of thc colony will bs whet there ¿rn four or five times tho present mun ber. The existing expensive police fore are inadequate to perform th; present duties required of them, in a few y after a renewal nf transportation, twice present force would bc required to run down thc pct convicts of thc petitioners. The expression, pct convict, is used advisedly, fur since the cessation of assignment many of the leading men among the petitioners have buen of expense; in fact, the language of n tantamount to an assertion that thc i circumstance of having been co n vic te Newgate makes a mau a better servant than if he had arrived free in thc -Colony : tl stimulus of tho lash to keep the convict ali\ is not of course acknowledged. To return to thc police force, which will bc requisite to run down thc increased number of criminals that must necessarily follow the renewal af transportation. Do thc petitioners imagino that thc British Government will be nt the expense of it? No!-for when convicts were complained of as a burthen by some of our influential men, thc British Government refused to contribute a farthing towards tho maintenance of thc police force, allcdgíng that it was created te coerce convicts, from whoso services the Colonists derived a profit. How much less can thc Colonists expect thnt thc Government will relieve them of the police expenses necessary to coerce convicts fur whose admission into the Colony they have petitioned as a huon. , Som« of the petitioners do not consider they are deriving benefit from convict labour a« long as they are not assigned to them ; but Sir R. Peel is a statesman, and lu« rend Adam Smith and looked into Macculloch, it is very pi ob able that hs understands that Political .Economist when ho writes, that "i diminution of the expense of _ earring' has in fact, the same effect as a diminutioi of the direct cost of production.' Therefore, it is very likely that Sir IL Peel will consider by diminishing tbs cost of thc production of Wool to the Colonist, he is thereby deriving a benefit; particularly il* the selling price of his Wool ii not likewise dimi- nished. It ia not denied that convict labo done groat service to the Colony ; it is ad- mitted, that to convict labour must be attri- buted tho great progress thc Colony hat hitherto made ; thc value oí forced labour in t new Colony is fully acknowledged, lt wai convict labour which opened tue coomulli cation io BatliWTflt, likewis» through th* Bargo Bruin, on the rond to Argyle ; thc mad hy Wiseman's to the Hunter was the work of convicts, but hero their great services in the way of road-makinff ceases ; thereforo what becomes of the bousted passage so frequontly quoted from Sir T. Mitchell's book, signifying that it is to convict labour wo are indebted for our ability to traverse all parts of New ? South Wales ; the roads made by the convict« are not one-fourth pnrt of the direct line nf communication from Sydney I» the di«tunt ' "tnttons in different dir«*c:i<ms ¡ not to men- \ tiou thc cr.m-rouds leading from one district ! , ar county to another. Tins is not the pines ; to do sn ; but it would be easy to show that \ lhere ts no particular charin in convict labour even in advancing new colonies. It has not been thc policy of the British (iovernimmt to expend hirgu sums of n;<»:iey in furnishing free labour to ) cr colonies ; but suppose the same amount of money which it has co« tho ' British Government to setyl out their crimi- nals hero and to miintaA th .Mn. had been expended in bringing out free labour to the Colony, I imagine it would have been more j flourishing in every respect, thc population ! would have been more virtuous, rons-'inicnily i tho gaol and police expenses would h.iv-cb-cn I »mell less, as well ai the judicial ustubliah mcnt : hut this is a digression. I Hie Petition only has reference to the i reiiuwnl ol' trnnspnrtition («ir male convicts, no doubt the authors of il have overlooked ¡ the fuel of tho prescrit disproportion between the sexes in the Colony. According to the analytical view of tho Cousus of New Smith Wales, for the Year 1841, hy Mr. M anglia ld, " supposing all the ummn-ricd males now of : age wished to be married, out of every hun I dred only eleven could find wives, lor the remaining eighty-nine not » siagle female could he left." The petitioners apparently have overlooked thia f.-cf, or rrmy lin va no compunction in increasing this enormous I discrepancy between thc sexos of this Colony. They probably sec no danger in this to tho tuornl welfare of the community : for I would not nttribute to many honorable pcrsuns whose mimes are attached i<> thc Poiiliou disregard to the morals of ilie community ; but their anxiety fm* the roads and bridges of the Colony may have nccuhmcd MI^I un ovcrsighr ; or possibly (hoy cannot sec what connexion there is bptwacu thc moral welfare of thc Colony, and disproportion between the sexes. You, f£«ntlem¿n, may draw their attention tn this circumstance, or the Ghost of the old Monitor may rile ito Against thsm ; tits onergios af Mr. E. S. Hall may be call d up to do battle with thom upon this conse- quence ofa recurrence to the transportation of male convicts only. If the omission of any re- ference to female convicts in the I'etilion_ ii accidental, and in ordsr to guard against in- creasing thc present discrepancy between the sexes, which was alluded to with so much dUrust by fha Archbishop of Dublin, in his place in thc House of L »nU, 2:)th May, 1S40, the petitioners embody in the Petition another of female convicts, one tn H y well refer them to ilia present «tata of thc Factory, where there oro IMO souls couped up, above 1100 of whom are women ; mid enquire, what is to he done with thc fresh importation/ Thest women maybe assigned according to thc pre- sent system-happily there aro few applica- tions for them- but should the ladies of th» colony.be bitten with thc nanni mania for cheap women labour, as their husband* arc for cheap male labour; if the ladies ahould forget, when thry make their yearly payments bi their free female servant«, the vice which formerly grew rank in their domenic estab- lishments, and in order lo save this outlay be induced to solie.it for female convicts inst'.-ad of employing free immigrant women ; then these unfortunates would bc thrown upon a merciless community, to regret and curie lliD dav of their lauding in Kew South Wales. I will «et imagine for a moment tbat-thc peti- tioners desire to put a slop ty free immigration to these shores, or that, with their scnsni about them, they would check the free immi- grât:»:! of single young women. Who baa been in this colony for, say six years, and ha« not observed how much more orderly domenic establishments have been .since thc arrival nf free young women, and their introduction into thc families of the colony ? During the period that convict women wfrc in every house, thc disgusting exhibitions continually protruded before the ladies ot'a family, were such as they mint loVs back nt willi dij^iut. It was euch a drawback to thc h-ippiness of domestic life, that I have frc cm tm tl y heard from thc lips of thc heads of lainilica, that wealth was not a compensation fur it, as weal Ul could not bc enjoyed. To increase ibo female servant! in ti family wai j enjoyment; it was In (¡anonada young family j with" thc most degrading ialluences. Thero Í was no exagération in the language of Dr. ' Whately when he described the position of I the colonist, ns he " could hardly hire a servant ¡ without subjecting his own family to the ; almost certain rink of cmilainim-tion. All this 1 is to thu purpose, as thc petitioner* have to | answer for one or the other fullowing consa qturocc*; namely, if they desire thc renewal of transportation for male convicts oidy, thc shocking moral evils which must result in every community where there is an enormous dijproportion of the sexes, or tho letting loos« upon thc colony, or admitting into families, women of thc most abandoned character, to the detriment nf all decency and virtue, and of thc most pomiciout consequences to tho respectable freo immigrant women. Anxiety to secure our worldly rtoss casions, and the desire of independence, is nearly ns urgent upon man os the desire of health and life. Health and life are braved to obtain this object ; but should a Chris- tian man desire health and life inde- pendent of virtue, independent of tba blissed hupps which attend a good life? A fut hm's anxiety for thc worldly wi- lFare of his children is just ind proper, but should his anxiety end there ? Should he havo no higher views for them ? If so, let the petitioners answer how they arc to account to themselves, and to tim enmmunity ut large, for seeking to surround the growing numbers of the young in this co- lony with influences which must act a« a dead woight against all the e d'or ts of parents and "teachers to bring np thc young in th;? ways of nonce and pleasantness. Have the petitioners iorgot the wi ic saw, that " cxitmpU is batter than precept;" that in thc face of outward circumstance;, acting perpetually upon pas- sions which in themselves arc ever ready tn attain their objects, preachings and advising* are merely heard as a very lovely song of one that hath a pleasant voice, but not acted upon. During the prevalence of the assign- ment system, tito curse of convict servant« wosvung aloud throughout thc whole colony; and m order to induce emigrants of a re- spectable churactcr to come to these shores, or rather to remove the objections raised in Kn gi and against emigration to this colony, it was ngnin and again reiterated that wo did not want convicts if they would send us free labour; At length thc boast was thut trans- portation had ceased. Ono honourable mem- ber, in his place in thc Council Chamber, congratulated Sir George Gip os upon its cet sftlioiiduring his administration. Hu Excel- lency' plumed himself upon it. Some few simple individuals like myself, thought this augured well for the future character of our community, although we considered it wouli have been wiser to have secured an abundant supply of free labour first ; but ns the people of England would not oncourngr: emigration I to New South Wales ns long as we we're rt \ ce'i\\-ing convicts, we submitted thc more 1 cheerfully to a scarcity/ of labour. But « ha», sirs, will thc people of England think ul' us now, that after having received above , 20,000 immigrants in about twelvemonths, the col on Uta get up a petition to obtain <i re- currence to transportation to New South Wales. 1* nut this enough lo justify thc opinion formed of th: colonists by lbo.se who wnp onc'Tiicd in drawing up tho par- liamentary report "on thc Transportation System Í" Ia not this giving a triumph to Dr. Whately nud Dr. Dickenson ! Will they not conceive that the community who could deliberately petition for thc criminals of Groat Britain i»nd Ireland lo be brought hack tn them in less than two years from such a ces- sation must bo in a more hopeless condition wit!) regard to morals tiwi» they unajmeil They must fcc! justified in the recommends tien they give (-J parent« not VJ bring thei children "where all their neighbours wonh he rogues." Sieh u the language of th Archbishop of Dublin, lt may bu answered, the evil to the colon; resulted from the assignment system, uni that the above prelate alluded principally ti the evils SD resulting, and [lint tim petitioner mei ely desire convicts, that they may be em ployed on nublic works, roads, mid bridges But what «ivs thnt por(i<m of the lYcis, th« AiuirnUtat, 'which i J thc great advocate fo recurrence tn trutisportution. Thu/lustrnfhtn for thc ISth of January of lids year, has llie:=i remarkable words: "V.mbody in our petiiioi a prayer for transportation only, asstijiiiimn will bo n subsequent consideration." Now gentlemen, if I believe the greater number o the petitioner* desire a renewal nftrnuspoifa linn to thu colony for thc " subsequent con .iidenitiun," I must lie pardoned, as I h*v« heard many who.se names are affixed lo tlx petition avow as much, because inoro worl could lie got out ot" the convict than the immi- grant, tu well as ita being thc chc-iper labour and likewise, ns thc editor of thc .iuxlraliai dues the duty of secretary to the cummUtet for getting n|> the petition, 1 think I am justified in assuming the spe- cific mont ion of the convicts being desireti oniv fur thc purims'.'* of public works, &c;, i. a mere cover ; un attempt to blind those hi thc colony who Bro opposed to tile renewal ol transportation to its shores, and un cndeavuui to ward oil* thc odium which would bs casi upon them by ihos-u parties in Great Britain sud Irelund who believe, with the Archbishop of Dublin, " there was a class who desired the continuance of the present svslem (this was spok-n May, IStO,) ol' having domestic slaves tu the shape af convict servant*." Cheap convict labour is thc grout ohji ct n'mu-d at, for none know hotter thrill rhe petitioners, the Government cannot employ them all f.»r inuny years on public woikE, when thc lash will again *erve the purpose of w:i<cs ; a Syr- iern which was Icsf baneful to Mic convict than Ir» ths master, and, nmimg oilier marni cvilo, induced that^ arrogance and impatience employers nf I-tb ¡mr in thc ca fud it so dijsgrceuble to have to deal with free men, over whom they cannot indulge in their lordly feelings. The Auttralian newspaper has often asserted that free mon will not engage es fheuherds; this h.ia been asserted so re- peatedly in that public print, that persans who nre engaging men for that occupation every month echo the same statement. The assertion is absurd, sheep-masters know it is I fslic, or how is it thc sheep arc followed. The fact ia, two-thirds of the shepherds in the colr.ny are froe men ; it is very true they do I not engage as shepherds from choice, il' they could find employment more to their liking Ihcv would take it. Thev would lint work at j all if they could obtain all their wants with ' nut it ¡ mid those who engage tis shepherd* do su lu-cause Ihcv cannot do others in", not tr.itn liking thc employaient. As lon/,* o* the prin- cipal laiiuui' icquired in tile ctihmy is to t<'U:l xhi'cp, so lonj will there he shepherds, lt is not a question of choice, but of neee.s»ity. If the flock-mnsters of thc colony were all so driven for labour that Liieymust give np their »heep or their agriculture, they would yield np thc latttr, mid import their wheat as being the less sacrifiée'of tile twn, when the labour nf the plough would bc directed t<» thc pis papcr has extended*" to greater length than Was at first intended ; I do not wish to weary you or your renders, but prav make ono more effort to prevent the colonies from fixin? their signatures to their degradation : for if the petition fur the renewal of transportation to this colony is promulgated in Cirent ñriUÍii and Ireland, it will cause us tn stink in the nostrils of a people who, however greedy of gain they may be, have not yet acquired the habit of increasing their fortunes by the blood and sweat of criminals, wh-i hove not been so exposed to the exhibition of the most debus- ing vices, as to occasion them to be indifferent to its consequences upon their children. I There is at this moment no lack or labour in thc colony, its cost lins diminished one-uird within thc hist 1> months. Wages must come 1 down (and still remunerate thc laborer), for no one will lung earrv on a losing concent, or if they persist in dom;; so, thtúr property j must change hands when thc new man will i bc more wise. Landholder*ani llockmasleis i ? must trust more to tlurmselvei, and les* to! I their superintendents, they must engage their own servants, and have patience with the; immigrant until he understands the colony, ; ! when they will find him a* useful a servant i 01 tho convict of the jinnie slauditi;*. Some I alleen as a reason for desiring convict labour, that if free labour id cheap enough to remune- rate the employer, immigrants will not come. The question itith thc poor at hume is bread ! or starvation; they leave their homes for I bread, and not in search of wealth. The idea ! of wealth must be a passing dream to thc : suffering poor in Grcnt Britain nnd Ireland. I Canada, it is said, oilers better terms to those ' who wish to emigrate from home ; but tile Cftitadus cannot lind mean i to receive or cm ploy nil OJ fast as tiley desire to leave their I A FARMER, AND GRAZIER, 