BARNABY RUDGE.: -o CHAPTER XxX?. Pondering on his unhappy lot, Joe sat and listened .for a long time, expecting every moment to hear their creaking footsteps on the stairs, or.to be greeted by his worthy father with a summons to capitulate unconditionally, and deliver himself up straightway. ]But neither voice nor footstep came ; and, though some distant echoes, as of closing doors and people : hrrying in and out of rooms, resounding from time to time through the great passages, and penetrating to his remote seclusion, gave note of unusual com motion down stairs, no nearer sound disturbed his place of retreat, whikh seemed the quieter for these far off noises, and.was as dull and full of gloom as any hermit's cell. It came on darker and darker. The old fashioned furniture of the chamber, which was a kind of hos pital for all the invalided moveables in the house, grew indistinct and shadowy in its many shaoes; chairs and tables, which by day' were as honest cripples as need be, assumed a doubtful and myste rious character ; and one old leprous screen of faded India leather and gold binding, which had kept out 'many a cold breath of air in days oflyore, and shut in many a jolly face, frowned on himowith a'ipectral aspect, and stood at full height in its allotted corner, like some gaunt ghost who waited to be questioned. A portrait opposite the window-a queer old, grey eyed general, in an oval frame-seemed to wink and dose as the light decayed, and at length, when the rlast faint glimmering speck of day went out, to shut its eyes in good earnest, and fall sound asleep. 2There was such a bush and mystery about everything that Joe could not help following its example, and so went off into a slumber likewise, and dreamed of Dolly, till the clock of Chigwell church struck two. Still nobody came. The distant.noises in the house had caased, and out of doors all was quiet too, save for the occasional barking of some deep moutnihed dog, and the shaking of the branches by the night wind. He gazed mournfully out of win. `' cdow at each well known object as it lay sleeping in the dim light of the moon; and, creeping back to •- 'his former seat, thought about the late uproar, until, with long thinking of, it seemed' to have occurred a month ago. 'Thus, between dozing and thinking, and: walking to the window and looking out, the night wore away ; the grim old screen and the kin. dred chairs and tables began slowly to reveal them. selves in their accustomed forms; the grey-eyed general seemed to wink and yawn and rouse himself; and at last he was broad awake again, and very un comfortable and cold and haggard he looked, in the dull grey light of. morning. The sun had begun to peep above the forest trees, and already flung across the curling mist bright bars of gold, when Joe dropped from his window on the ground below a little bundle and his trusty stick, . and prepared to descend himself. ' It was not a very.diflicult task, for there were so many projections and gable ends in the, way that they formed a 'series of clumsy steps, with no greater obstacle than a jump 'of some few feet at last , Joe, with his stick and bundle on his shoulder, quickly stood on the firm earth, and looked up at the old Maypole, it might be for the last time. He didi't apostrophise it, for he was no great scholar. He didn't curse it, for he.bad little ill will to give, to anything on earth. He felt more affec Stonate and kind to it than ever he had done in all :his life before, so said with all his heart, " God bless you I" as a parting wish,, and turned away. . He walked ..aong at a brisk'pace, big with great thoughts of going for a soldier, and dying in some foreign, country where it was very hot and sandy; and.leaving God knows what unheard-of wealth in 'pirize money to Dolly, who would be very much affected when she came to know of it; and, full of such youthful visions, which were sometimes san guiti?eaand sometimes melancholy, but always had her for their main point and centre, pushed on vigo rously until the noise of London sounded in his ears, and the Black Lion hove in sight. , It' was only eight o'clock then, and very much astonished the' Black :Lion was: to see him come walking it with dust upon his feet at that early hour, with no grey more to bear him'company; but, as! he ordered breakfast to be got ready with all speed; and on its being: set before him gave india putable tokens of a hearty appetite, the Lion received him; as usual, with a hospitable welcome, and treated him with those marks of distinction which, as a regularcustomer,and one within the freemasonry of the trade; he had a right to claim. ' This Lion or landlord, for he was called bo:h man and-beast, by reason of his having instructed the artist who painted ' his, sign ;to' convey into, the .featur.es of the lordly brute whose effigy it. bore" as near a counterpart of his own face as his skill could compass and -devise, was a gentleman almost as quick of apprehension; and of almost as subtle a wit, as the mighty John himself., But the difference between them lay in this ; that whereas Mr. Willet's extreme sagacity and acuteness were the efforts of unassisted nature, the Lion stood indebted, in no 'small amount, to beer; of which he swigged such copious draughts that most of his faculties were utterly drowned and washed away, except the one great faculty of sleep, which he retained in sur. prising perfection. The 'creaking lion over the house door was therefore, to say the truth, rather a drowsy, tame, and feeble lion; and as these social representatives of a savage class are usually of a conventional character (being depicted, for the most part, in impossible attitudes and of unearthly colors), he was frequently supposed, by. the more ignorant and uninformed among the neighbours, to be the veritable portrait of the host, as he appeared'on the occasion of some great funeral ceremony. or public mourning., " What noisy fellow is that in the next room 1" said Joe,-when be had disposed of his breakfast, ond.had washed and brushed Ihimself. " A reeruiting serjeant,'' replied the Lion. Joe started involuntarily. Here.was the very thing he had been dreaming of, all the way along. '.' And I wish,' baid the Lion, '"he was anywhere ·lse but here. The party, make noise enough, 'but they don't call for much, . There's great cry there, 1?-.1r. Willet, but very little wool. Your father wouldn't like 'em, I know." e Perhaps not much under any circumstances., Per haps if ie could. have known what was passing at '1 -that moment in Joe's mind, ha would have liked •them stillless. :--:, ' Is he irecruiting for a--for a fine regiment 1" aid Joe, glancing at a little round mirror that hung f~ in the bar., h "I believe he is", replied the host. It's much the same thing, whatever regiment he's recruiting b for. I'm told there an't a deal of difference between i a fine man and andther one, when they're shot h through and through." i . . " They're not all shot," said Joe, t "No," the Lion answered, " not all. Those tl that are,.supposlng it's doie.easy, are the best off in my, oplnion.'t. lAhl!" retorted Joe,.!. but you don't care for P glory." 'i For what' said Slie Lion. -r"Glory"' ' It "No," returdiedhie Lion, with supreme indif tI •-?erenEc. ,I don'f You're right in that, MIr. Willer, 'Wheni Glory comes here, and calls for I anythiong to drink darid changoes a guiea to pay for h it, I'll give it him'. for nothing. It's my belie , sir, k that the Glory'is Arms woulda't do a very strong business;" . " These remarks were not at all comforting. Joe walked out; stopped at the door of the next room, and listened. The serjeant was describing a military life. It was all drinking, he said, except that there were frequent intervals of eating and love making. A battle was the finest thing in the World, when your side won it, and Englishmen always did that. "Supposing you should be killed, sir ?" said a timid voice in one corner. " Well, sir, suppostng you it should be," said the serjeant, " what then? Your country loves you, sir; his 'Majesty King George the Third loves you; your memory is honoured, 'revered, respected; everybody's' fond of you, and grateful to you; your name's wrote down at full length in a' book in the War-office. Damme, gentlemen, we must all die some time or another, eh?" : "'The voice coughed, and said no more. - rJoe walked into the room. A group of half a ti dozen fellows had gathered together in the taproom, ti ind were listening with greedy ears. One of them c a carter in a smockfrock, seemed wavering, and disposed to enlist. The rest, who were by oo means c disposed, strongly urged him to do so (according to a the custom of mankiand), backed the serjeant's ar-. guments, oand grinned among tihemselves. ." I say g nothnlog, boys," said the serjeant, who-sats little ' Sapart, drinking his liquor. "For lads of splrit," e here he cast an eye on Joe, " this is the time. 'I t don't want to inveigle you. The king's not come to fi that, I hope. Brisk young blood is what we want, a not milk and water; we won't take live men out of a six; we want top sawyers, we do. I'm not agolog c to tell tales out of school, but dramme, if every gentleman's son that carries arms in our corps. through being under a cloud and having little differences with his relations, was counted up" here his eye fell on Joe again, and so good naturedly that Joe beckoned him out. He came directly " You're a gentleman, by G-!" was his first remark, as he slapped him on the back. "You'rea gentleman in disguise. So am I. Let's swear a friendship." Joe didn't exactly do that, but he shook hands with him, and thanked him for his good opinion. "You want to serve," said his new friend. "You shall; you were made for it; 'you're one of us by nature. What'll you take to drink ?" " Nothing just now," replied Joe. smiling faintly. "I haven't quite made up my mind." " A mettlesome fellow like you, and not made up his mind I" cried the serjeant. "Here, let me give the bell a pull, and you'll make up your mind in half a minute, I know." "You're right so far," answered Joe, " for if you pull the bell here, where I'm known, there'll be an end of my soldiering inclinations in no time... Look in my face; you see me, do you?" " I do," replied the'serjeant with an oath," and a finer young fellow, or one better qualified to serve his king and country, I never, set my (he used an adjective in this place) eyes on." " Thank you," said Joe, "'I didn't ask you for want of a compliment, but thank you all the same. Do I look like a sneaking fellow or a liar?" The serjeant rejoined with many choice assevera' tions that he didn't; and that if his (the serjeant's) own father were to say he.did he would run the old gentleman.through the body cheerfully, and consider it a meritorious action. Joe, expressed.his obligations, and continued, r' You can trust me then, and credit what I say. 'I believe I shall enlist into your regiment tonight. The reason I don't do so now is, because I don't want until tonight, to do what I can't.recal. Where shall I find you, this evening 1" His friend replied with some unwillingness, and after much ineffectual entreaty having for its object the immediate settlement of the business, that his quarters would be at the Crooked Billet in Tower street; where he would be found waking until mid. night, and sleeping until breakfast-time tonmorrow. "And if I do come, which it's a million to one, I shall,. when will you take me out of London ?" demanded Joe. " Tomorrow morning, at half after eight o'clock" replied the serjeant. "! You'll go abroad,' a country 'where it's all sunshine and plunder ; the finest clit niatein the world." "To go abroad," said Joe, shaking hands with him, " is the very thing I want. You may expect me." " You're the kind of lad for us," cried the serjeant, holding Joe's hand in his, in the excess of his admiration, "You're the boy to push your for tune;' I don't say it because I bear you any envy, or would take away from the credit of the rise you'll make, but if 1 had been bred and taught like you, I'd have been a colonel by this time." " Tush man !" said Joe, " I'm not so young as that. Needs must when the devil drives; and the devil that drives me is an empty pocket and an unhappy home. For the present good-bye. "For king and country !" cried the serjeant, fourishing his cap. ' For bread and meat !" cried Joe, snapping his fingers. And so they parted.' He had very little money in his pocket; to little indeed, that after paying for his breakfast (which he was too honest and perhaps too proud to score ip to his father's charge) he had but a penny left. He had courage, notwithstanding, to resist all.the affec. tionate importunities of the serjeant, who waylaid him at the door with many protestations of eternal' friendship, and did in particular request that he would accept of only one shilling.as a .temporary accommodation. Rejecting his offers both of 'cash .and credit, Joe walked away with stick and bundle as before, bent upon getting through the day as he best could;aid going down to the locksmith's in the dusk of the evening; for it should go hard, he had resolved, but he would have a parting word with charming 'Dolly Varden. He went out by Islington and so on to Highgate, and sat on many stones and gates, but their was no voices in the bells to bid him turn. Since the time of noble Whittington, fair flower of merchants; bells have come to have less sympathy with humankind. They only ring for money and on state occasions. Wanderers have increased in number; ships leave the Thames for distant regions, carrying from stem to stern' no other.cargo ; the bells are silent; they ring out no entreaties-or' regrets';' they are used to it and have grown worldly. Joe bought a roll, and reduced his purse to the condition (with a difference) of that celebrated purse of Fortunastus, which, whatever were its favoured owner's necessities, had one unvarying amount. In these real times, when all the fairies are dead and buried, there are still a great many purses which possess that quality. The sum-total they contain is expressed in arithmetic by a circle,'and whether it be added to or multiplied by its own amount, the result of the problem is more easily stated than any known in figures. : Evening drew on at last. With the desolate and solitary feeling of one who had no home or shelter, and was alone utterly in the world for the first time, he bent his steps towards the locksmith's house. He had delayed until now, knowing that Mrs. Varden sometimes went out alone, or with Miggs for her sole attendant, to lectures in the evening; and devoutly hloping that this might be one of her nights of moral culture. He had walked up and down before the house, a the opposite side of the way, two or three times, when as he turned to it again, he caught a glimpse ofa fluttering skirt at the door. It was Dolly's, to whom else could it belong ? no dress but hers had such a flow as that. He plucked up his spirits, and followed it into the workshop of the Golden Key. - His darkening the door caused her to look round. Oh that face "If it hadn't been for that," thought Joe, "I should never have walked into poor Tom Cobb. She's twenty times handsomer than ever. She might marry a lord !", He didn't say-this.' He only thought it, perhaps looked it also. :Dolly was glad to see him, and was so sorry her father and mother were away from home. Joe begged she wouldn'tmention it on any account. \- Dolly hesitated to lead the way into the parlour, for there it was nearly dark; at the same time she hesitated to standltalking in the workshop, which vwas yet light and open to the street. They had got by some means, too, before the little forge; and o00 having her hand in his (which he had no right to have, for Dolly only gavoet him to shake) it was so like standing before some honiely altair being married, that it was the most embarrassing state of things in the world. "I have come," said Joe, "to say good bye-ito say good bye for I don't know how many years; perhaps for ever. I am going abroad." Now this was exactly what Ieoshould not have said. Hero he was, talking like a gentleman at large, who was free to come and go .and roam about the world at his.pleasuro, when that gallant.coach. maker had vowed but the night before that Miss I Vaiden held him bound in adamantine chlains, end had positively stated in so many words that she was killing himby inches, and that in a fortnight more or thereabouts hie expected to make a decent end and leave the business to his mother. Dolly released 'her hand and said. ' Indeed l" She remarked in the same breath that it was a fine night, and, in short,.betrayed no more emotion than the forge itself. "I couldn't go. said Joe, "without coming to t see you. I hadn't the heart to." I Dolly was more sorry than she could tell that he should have taken so much trouble. It was such a long way, and hie must have such a deal to do. Aid how rea Mr. Willet, that dear old gentleman- - " Is this all you say 1" cried Joe. All! Good gracious, what did the man expect? Sbhe was obliged to take her apron in her hand, and run her eyes along the item from corner to corner, to keep herself from laughing in his face; not because his gaze confused her-not at all. Joe had small experience in love affairs, and had no notion how different young ladies are at different times; he had expected to take Dolly up again at the very point where he had left her after that deli. cious evening ride, and was no more prepared for such an alteration than to see the sun and moon change places. He had buoyed himself up all day with an indistinct idea that she would certainly say "dont't go," or " don't leave us," or " why do you go?" or " why do you leave us " or would give him some little encouragement of that sort; he had even entertained the possibility of her bursting into tears, of her throwing herself into his arms, of her falling down in a fainting fit without previous word or sign but any approach to such a line of conduct as this ad been so far from his thoughts, that he t could only look at her in silent wonder, .Dolly, in the mean while, turned to the corners of her apron, and measured the sides, and smoothed out the wrinkles, and was as silent as he. At last, after a long pause, Joe said good-bye. " Good bye," said Dolly, with as pleasant a smile as if he were going into the next stieet, and were coming back to supper; "good-bye." " Come," said Joe, putting out both his hands, "Dolly, dear Dolly, don't let us part like this. I love you dearl3.wsth'all my heart and soul; with as much truth and earnestness as ever man loved woman in this world, [ do believe. I am a poor fellow, as you know-poorer now than ever, for I have fled from home, not being able to bear it any longer, and must fight my own way without help. You are beautiful, admired, are loved by everybody, are well off and happy; and may you ever be so I Heaven forbid I should ever make you otherwise; but, give mne a word of comfort. Say something kind tome. I have no right to expect it of you, I know, but I ask it 'because I love you, and shall treasure the slightest'word from you through all my life. Dolly, dearest,' have you nothing to say to me?"' No.. Nothing. Dolly was a coquette by nature, and a spoilt child. "She had no notion of being carried by storm in this way. The coachmaker would have been dissolved in tears, and would have knelt down, and called himself names, and clasped his hands, and bealt his breast, and tugged wildly at his cravat, and done all kinds of poetry. Joe had no business to be going abroad. He had no right to be able `to do it. If he was in adamantine chains, he couldn't. "I have said good-bye," said Dolly, "twice. Take your arm away directly; Mr. Joseph, or I'll. call Miggs." "I'll not reproach you," answered Joe, " it's my fault, io doubt. I have thought sometimes that you didn't quite despise me, but I was a fool to think so. Every one must, who has seen the life I have led; you most.bf all. God bless you!" He was gone, actually gone.. Dolly waited a little while, thinking he would return, peeped 'out at the door, looked up the street and down, as well as the increasing darkness vwould allow, came in again, waited a little longer, went up stairs humming a tune, bolted herself in, laid her head down on her bed, and cried as if her heart would break. And yet such natures are' made up of so many contra. dictions, that if Joe Willet had come back that night. next day, next week, next .onth, the odds are a hundred to one she would have treated him in the very same manner, and have wept for it after wards with the very same distress. She had no sooner left the workshop than there cautiously peered out from behind the chimney of the forge, a face which had already emerged from the same concealment twice or thrice, unseen, and which, after satisfying itself that it was now alone, was followed, by a leg, a shoulder, and so on by degrees, until the form of Mr. Tappertit stood con. fessed, with a brown-paper cap stuck negligently on one side of its head, and its arms very much a-kimbo.' "* Have my ears deceived me," said tile 'prentice, " or do I dream I am I to thank thee, Forttn', or to cus' thee-which ?' He gravely descended from his elevation, took down his piece -of looking-glass, planted it against the wall, upon the usual bench, twisted his head round and looked closely at his legs. " If they're a dream," said Sim, " let sculptures have such wisions, and chisel 'em out when they wake. This is reality. Sleep has no such limbs as them. Tremble, Willet, and despair. She's mine ! She's mine !" With these triumphant expressions, he seized a hammer and dealt a heavy blow at a vice, which, in his mind's eye, represented the sconce or head of Joseph Willet. That done, he burst into a peal of laughter which startled Miss Miggs even in her distant kitchen, and dipping his head into a bowl of water, had recourse to a jack-towel inside the closet door, which served the double purpose of smothering his feelings and drying his face. Joe, disconsolate and down hearted, but full of -courage too, on leaving the locksmith's house made the best of his way to the Crooked Billet, and there inquired for his friend the seijeant, who, expecting no man less, received him with open arms. In the course of five minutes after his arrival at that house of entertainment, he was enrolled among the gallant defenders of his native land; and within half an hour was regaled with a steaming supper of boiled tripe and onions, prepared, as his friend assured him more than once, at the express command of his most sacred majesty the king. To this - meal, which tasted very savoury after his long fasting,- he did ample justice; and when he had followed.it up, or down, with a variety of loyal and patriotic toasts, he was conducted to a straw mattress in a loft over the stable, and locked in there for the night. The next morning, he found that the obliging care of his martial friend had decorated his hat with sundry parti-coloured streamers, which made a very lively appearance; and in company with that officer, and three other military gentlemen newly enrolled-who were under a cloud so dense that it only left three shoes, a boot, and a coat and a half visible among them--repaired to the river side. Here they were joined by a corporal and four more heroes, of whom two were drunk and daring, and two sober and penitent; but each of whom, like Joe, had his dusty stick and bundle. The party em. barked in a passage-boat bound for Gravesend, whence they were to proceed on foot to .Chatham; the wind was in therr favour, and they soon left London behind them, a mere dark mist-a giant phantom in the air. (To be continued.) IRISH PUSEYITES AND THE CHURCH of SCOTLAND-A controversy has been carried on for the last two or three months in the pages of the Irish Ecclesiastical Joutrnal, the organ of the Pu seyite party in Ireland, between the editor and the Dean of Achonry, the author of " Letters on the Tendency of the Oxford Tracts," lately published by Seeley. The dean maintains that the Presbyterians are Christians, and that the church of Scotland is a branch of the Christiian church, and as such to be re membered in our.prayers, as coming within the pale of the "Catholic church;" as defined in the 55th canon, " that is, the whole body of Christian people dispersed throughout the whole world." Against this latitudinarian heresy of the liberal dean, the editor of thie Irish Ecclepiastical Journal (supported by the primate and a large proportion of the Irish Protestant clergy, as well as by all the English Puseyites) enters his most solemn protest; and two "correspondents" have now come to the aid of the learned doctor. One of these, in the number for July, asserts that church of En gland men cannot acknowledge thie Presbyterian body as a " church, without a surrender of principle and a compromise of the truth ;" nor until we are prepared to admit the same of the " Mahometans of Turkey, or of the worshippers of the lama in Thibet!" What will Dr. Cooke of Belfast, think of this? Or what will Doctor Chalmers: say, who-undertook a journey from Edinburgh to London last year for the' purpose of delivering a course of lectures. in support of church establishments and of the church of England as one of these, and a ' sister church !" The high church party are very glad to avail themselvs of tu-e assistance of the Presbyterians, when they want to carry on a crusade against national education, con clliation towards Roman Catholics, the gradt to Maynooth, or any other liberal and enlightened measure. For a time they makecommon cause with the "Samaritans'," or mongrel Christians; but no sooner Is there a prospect of a Tory government taking away all occasion for opposition to any liberal measure, by granting a cessation of hostilities against cherished abuses in church and state, and thereby giving a truce and quiet life to the defenders of corruption, then the poor Presbyterians are thrown overboard, as no more Christians than the Mahometans or the worshippers of the grand lama ! ! \- Morning Chronicle. . CHIILDHOOD.--Tlo world of a ohild's imagination is the creation of a far holier spell than hath been over wrought by the pride of learning or the inspiration of poetic fancy.r Innocence that thiaketh no evil; ignorance that apprehendeth none; hope that hath experienced no blight; love that suspecteth no guile. These are its ministering angels-these wield a wand of power, making this earth a paradisa. Time, .hard rigid teacherl I Reality, rough, stern reality I World, cold, heart. less world I 'That ever your sad experience, your sombro truths, your gathering sneers, should scare thosue gentle spirits from their holy temple. And wherewith do you replace them ? With caution that repulseth confidence; with doubt that repelleth love; with reason that dispelleth l illusion; with fear that polseoneth enjoyment;i na word, with knowledge, that fruit whloh, as at the first tasting in Eden, is often dearly purchsed. 