THE PRINCIPLE' OF CHARTISM. (From the Tablet.) About three days before the armed explosion of Welsh Chartism " plain John Campbell," since ennobled, took credit to himself and his Whig col- leagues for having crushed it without a blow of violence. About a month ago a noble lord, of whom our readers know something, spoke of the final dis comfiture of Chartism, effected by (we believe our quotation is accurate) the" glaive of authority." The triumph of the Scotch attorney general did not even attain the dignity of a nine days' wonder. How long the complacency of the English earl may have to endure is a matter yet hidden within the womb of time. Perhaps, in the minds of many curious observers \--we confess it is so in ours—this' premature satis faction has already seen the close of its short lease of existence. Perhaps the events now happening, the symptoms now discernible around us, have already shaken the faith of many persons in the fact of -the extinction of that watchful, rooted, and reso lute disaffection which now and then testifies its existence by turbulent and incoherent outcries terrible to those who judge by the hearing of the ear—but which is, in reality, more formidable to those who judge with the understanding when it remains dull, still, and torpid; silent from despair; inactive and unspeaking from the absence of hope; but ready to break out into action first, and speech afterwards, whenever a fair opening shall present itself to strike an effective blow. For our parts, we are well convinced that Chartism, and all the preternatural powers of misery and discontent of which Chartism is the natural nucleus, are at this moment more formidable than ever. The double sword of justice and of war has not reached it. Tt. may have lanced a sore on the skin ; it has not touched the body of the monster. These external remedies, which make war upon the symptoms only, are, of course, very necessary, and very salutary also, if, at the same time that the incision knife is used boldly, care is taken to purge the constitution of the land to a sound and pristine health. tBu it would be mad to think that, because we have stifled the voice of unlawful complaint, we have therefore eradicated discontent. We firmly believe, on the contrary, that the discontent is growing apace; that it is making its way underground, like the ghost of the murdered king; and that those who thought it had been laid to sleep by the conjurations of Mon mouth and Westminster Hall will, ere long, hear its voice burst up from beneath their feet more ter ribly than before. Those who perversely keep their eyes closed to the danger are the worst abettors of the danger. Those only who try to guage it, and ascertain its dimensions as an indispensable prelimi nary to its removal, are doing good service to the state. . It is lamentable to have to make these reflections; doubly so to have to make them with the thought that, even if our voice could reach those whose duty it is to watch over the safety of the state, our warn- nings would pass by unheeded. As for warnings, we have had them without number. We have had them of a character to which nothing can be compared that has happened in the world since the judgments of God called Goth, Frank, and Hun from the northern forests, and hounded them over the southern confines of Europe, to root up, to lay waste, to crush, to break to pieces, every atom of that guilty and corrupt socitty which was the glory of civiliza- tion fourteen centuries ago. We have seen as awful a catastrophe, as terrible a chastisement. The thunders of that tumult were the first sounds that saluted the ears of the men of this generation. We have heard, if we have not seen, as fierce a devas- tation, not brought by hostile invasion, but proceed. from the bowels of civilization itself, tearing and rending the womb of its parent, like those barking hell hounds, the monstrous progeny of sin, of whom the poet tells us that, When they list, into the womb That bred them they return, and howl and gnaw Her bowels, their repast." We have all but witnessed the awful spectacle of an ancient monarchy rudely overturned, a reverend priesthood desecrated and martyred, a splendid no. bility massacred, the whole framework of society ground to powder, and every ordinance, whether of custom or of law, handed down by a tradition of centuries, grubbed up by the knife of the assassin, or overwhelmed by the axe of the executioner.. This lesson, and the fruits of it, are at our feet and in our hands. We see them wherever we go; we read them in every book; we are reminded of them every day of our lives. Everything within us and around is reminds us of this tremendous lesson, that corrupt living, and careless living, and selfish living, have their appointed vengeance; that no antiquity can secure prescription from the consequences of guilt; that the visible and worldly chastisement of the offences of centuries may be crowded into one hour, if the generation which has inherited,the offence does not redeem itself by earnest and zealous endea vours after amendment. All this we have seenrand known; and,' to show that we have profited by it, we find that, while misery unheard of is making every corner of the land desolate, our wealthy classes are doling out relief to the poor upon principles which make charity more terrible thian starvation; and our landlords are straining every nerve to keep up their rents and incomes by making scantier and dearer the daily bread of the poor. No, no; Chartism is not defunct. It is not even asleep. It is alive, wakeful, active, vigorous. It has not been put down; It has only been made more prudent. It will bide its time; but silently and diligently it is at this moment drawing together all the half torpid, erring; ill directed, principles of disorder which fester in our vitals; it is compound. ing them into forms of effective strength, and fitting them for undefined purposes of future mischief. No; Chartism is not extinct ; neither is it easily extinguishable. We have no feeling of sympathy with those who, content to skim the surface of society, or corruptly turning great social distempers into vulgar weapons of party warfare, avow that they look for a remedy all but perfect from a free trade in corn; and such other measures of organic change as half a dozen Whig leaders may agree to give us. A bad harvest and a deficient supply, distress in Paisley or in Bolton—these may be the occasions which bring on a crisis. But whoever supposes that in these things lies the principle of Chartism has but a poor comprehension of the con dition of the country. The extravagant distress of the present time may pass away with the time, and with the distress the imminence of the danger may pass also. But the principle of Chartism remains behind, ready to break forth on every fresh provo cation. No change of corn laws can prevent the recurrence of distress. No change of corn laws can root out that entire separation of interests which has built up a wall between the employers and the em ployed. No change of corn laws can root out the grand principle of these times that all men are doing their duty to society when they pursue to the utmost their own personal and selfish interests. Nay, as matters now stand, the increase of material pros- perity tends riather to strengthen this principle with a confirmed authority, and to accelerate the march of this separating and dividing process. Times of distress, whatever frightful calamities may attend them, bring at least this advantage in their train—a demonstration of the absolute necessity of mutual dependence and help among all classes of the state. But a long time of prosperity makes men forget the evil hour which must inevitably come. The careless man allows his house to become dilapidated in fair weather, while rain and tempest make him look to the security of his roof. The principle of Chartism, as we showed on a former occasion, is a principle not confined to the lower classes, and which could never have attained its supremacy among the lower classes if it had not also become predominant among the higher. It is a principle of epicureanism, of self-indulgence, of the pursuit of temporal prosperity as the highest aim of life. It is, consequently, a principle of selfishness, of isolation, of social decomposition. With this principle all classes are infected. The rich, in their anxiety at once to become richer, and to make a greater show of riches—that is, to gratify their avarice, luxury, and ostentation—have forgotten their duties to the poor. The poor, with the far weightier excuse of poverty and neglect, have for gotten their duties to the rich. The virulence of the disease is by no means confined to those who signed the Charter. If we could root out the principle of poverty, it might be of little consequence, in a worldly point of view, whether we rooted out the principle of Chartism or no. But as poverty and extreme distress will be ever recurring, if we are wise we shall take thought how to set our houses in order against the evil day. The disorder, we say, is moral and spiritual, and unless a remedy adapted to this kind of disorder be found for it, we repeat that fits of temporary physical prosperity do but tend to augment the evil. We will conclude with a few brief illustrations of the truth of this proposition. In every branch of the social organisation of every state which enjoys a sound organisation, the duties of the rich towards the poor resemble—not exactly, but a very close analogy—the duties of a father to his family. The labourer no more than the duke chooses his own place of birth or his own rank in society. Humble or proud he is in the place chosen for him by God. Just as the duties of parent and child are perfect without any expression of contract and consent, so are the duties of poverty and power. In both cases the most important branches of these reciprocal duties are of religious obligation only; human laws can take but a scanty cognizance of them at all. That the father shall support his child till the child is of an age to sup port himself; that the wealthy man shall save the poor man from starvation; is very near all that human legislation can even pretend to make obliga- tory upon individuals: and yet how small a share do these particulars include of the duties of either of these states of authority. Over the moral training of his poor neighbour and dependant the man of wealth can exercise, of course, a very imperfect control. Unlike the parent, whatever he does must be done with the consent of those whom it is his duty to benefit. But still the duty remains, so far'as it can be exercised. The duty of a parent is not towards all children; nor is the duty of a rich man towards all poor. But God, who, by what we call the accident of birth, has determined that such an individual, and not another, shall be the child of the parent, and, without his consent, has also determined by the like accident of birth and an analogous accident of locality, that such poor men shall have not merely legal, but moral claims upon the fostering protection of such rich men. With no exactness of definition, and with a great latitude for the freaks of human will, the individuals, both protectors and protected, have, without their consent, certain solemn relations established between them, which they must dis charge whether they will or no. Let us take a specimen of these duties. A labouring man is born in a certain village, or in a certain town. In that town or village live all his friends and relations; all who know him and love him; all his little world; all whose opinion lie values ; all, perhaps, the fear of whose censure, and the hope of whose approbation, can nerve him to abstain from crime under the horrible temptations of distress. These moral relations are among the clearest, the dearest, and the most substantial of the man's rights. They are a property not recognised by law; but one which God has given him for the most salutary of all purposes. If, in the exercise of his own free will and judgment, the man chooses to forsake all these ties, he is at liberty to do so, and, under certain circumstances, it may be quite right to do so; but if he does not so choose, and a time of distress comes upon him, without his fault, the tenure upon which the rich men round about him hold their riches is, that he shall be protected in the enjoyment of these moral ties. As a parent has no right, either by physical violence or by neglect, to drive forth his child 'into the wide world without doing his utmost to provide for the physical and reli- gious sustentation of the child, so neither have this labouring man's rich neighbours a right, either by physical violence or by neglect, to drive him forth into the wide world without making such provision for his physical and religious sustertation as the nature of the case admits of. In the sight of God they are his trustees, bound to protect him in the reasonable enjoyment of those finer possessions over which the grossness of the law can exercise no juris diction. We may say, in passing, that it is for its utter disregardof these considerations we abhor the present poor-law, with its workhouse test. In the time of slavery this duty was, to a certain extent, a matter of law. Since the abolition of slavery, the duty exists as obligatory as ever, but in a less definite shape, and with more facility of eva sion. The spirit of the duty, however, and the guilt of its evasion, remain precisely the same. It is now no longer a duty to be performed by one definite master to one set of slaves; but to be performed in substance by the whole body of the wealthy to the entire corps of the poor and needy. In no other respect is it altered by a hair's breadth. That the spirit of this relation between rich and poor has been most grievously impaired there needs no formal proof. If the poor man will wander forth to seek work in unknown districts far from home, all the rate-payers of the parish, without inquiring whither he is bound, or with what prospects, regard his departure as a good deliverance, whereof the fruits will duly appear in the next half-year's rate. If a temporary demand for labour is heard of at the other end of the kingdom, straightway the whole machinery of overseers, guardians, and assistant commissioners is put in force to take him from the locality to which God has bound him apprentice, and transplant him elsewhither, hoping then to wash their hands of him for ever. Under these circumstances, and with these evil dispositions, what must be the result of every season of manufacturing prosperity but to weaken still further the moral ties of which we have spoken ? In the towns, the employers, eager to fulfil every order which may be sent them, welcome every fresh hand that knocks at their gates, without too curious an inquiry Into the important question of whether these fresh hands will find in the work for which they are wanted a prospect of permanence and stability. The man is tempted by the certainty of a few weeks, or it may be of a year or two, of high wages, and be yond that his forethought cannot reasonably be supposed to extend. The new employer duly pays him his wages, and is sometimes liberal to him while the connection lasts ; but it forms no part of his consideration, as it ought to do, that by giving this sudden and temporary increase to his business, he is uprooting those whom he employs, severing all the old ties by which they were upheld and supported, accustoming them for a short time to a rateof wages which smacks of luxury compared with their former condition, teaches them habits of extravagance, and when the time of reverse comes leaves them without shelter or support, to pine away in some miserable suburb, among strangers as miserable as themselves. The old connections and patrons of the deluded victim exhibit the same culpable neglect. They are too anxious to shake off the burden of his poverty to take much, or perhaps any, thought as to his perma nent well-being. Until this entire relation have a new spirit breathed into it; until it comes to be again recog nised that the local relation of rich and poor is not temporary and casual, but ordained of God, and permanent in its character ; so long as it is not su perseded by some other, presenting a reasonable character of permanence; until it is understood and acted on that the moral ties which grapple a poor man to his kind are possessiois of almost infinite value to him, and cannot by active or passive com- pulsion rightfully be wrested from him without a full equivalent; until these maxims begin again to pre vail amongst us, every fresh stride we take to com mercial prosperity is a stride to moral corruption and social disorganisation. Every returning epoch of distress will be marked by increased misery, propor- tioned to the apparent height of the prosperity by which it has been preceded. Root out poverty for ever, and you may safely disregard these considerations. But if it must ever exist in these old countries, you are not safe in doing so. Until there is a great moral reformation in these and various analogous particulars, Chartism will never be extinct. We shall always be in dan ger from its violence, and the authors of that danger will be the careless rich men, the neglectors and violators of their trust. 