MEChIANICS' INSTITUTION. LAUNCESTON possesses at length a Me chanics' luslitutior . Its internal regula tion is now finally settlled, and its oflicers appointed by the parties who alone are en titled to choose them. The meeting of Tuesday passed oilf undisturbed. The lit ftle spirits who distribute their petulant quibbling, and display their mortified va nityn n ihe columis of newspapers, were cither absent. or invisible. The members have pursued their object with unanimity, prudence, ndl zeal. 'They have not been alarmed by that race " who give liking to tinolthing bt what is tftuinc by themselves, and h1itCmered on their own anvil.", The institute now rests on a solid foundation ; but as the design was drawn by men iden tified with the inechanics, so by the same hands and the suame assistance, the super slructure will rise. ''The mechanics of Launceston are not tainted with the pride that spurns; but they aire incapable of the meanness which implorie the smile of the ranks above them: t tihey depend upon them selves, nod so long as they are confident in their own energy aund perseverance, no thing can shake their institiute. The gen tlemicen whose learninig and leisure place them in intellectual indepeldence, but who have come tforward with their countetuancee andl promised their aid, are deserving ap plause; ail such will never lie wantiting when their assistance is reitired. Now the Institute is organised, the object of' its projectors is fhirly developed. Is there one atom of truth in the mean insinuationis . cast upon the comnuittee ? We do notask w* hat party purposes have been gained, but by whom, and in what have they been at tempted ? The ofllicers are tatken from every sect; the lecture list embraces menr of every colonial Iparty. We express no opinion on the general tendency of religious distinctions ; but this we do iflirtm, that the union of such persons to promote the influence of science and morality is not only valuable for its social influence, but indispensible to the success of' such an in stitution. The Rev. Charles Price addressed a crowded atuditory, who heard hiini with in terest and approbation. lile understood his office and his subject ; but, of course, he has incurred the censure of ththe Chro nicle,. le expected no less; he could wish for no more : lie would have blushed at the Chronicle's commendation, and shrunk from thle odium of his praise. Mr. Price has been spared the hunuliation ; nor will he refliuse in return a generous conm. mniseration for one who feels the loss of his influence, and marks with alarm the signs of the times. The tide of public feeling has rolled away from the ground the CIhronicle has so long occupied; the mere surf lingers around it, andl he is left solitary andl powerless to mope on his continent of mud(. If it is true that the institute is incapable of conmmanding public confidence, why does not its assailant call together his scientific companions, and oppose it with a rival? Why not exchange incessant grulmbling for some more substantial proof of public spirit ? Where are those remiark able gentleman wvlo, like dragons, are to swallow the infaiit institute, or, like phliilo sophers, reformn it- those men of standing, surcharged with science and sentiment, prepared to dignify the mleclhaniies with their help, and qualified to augment the list of old women who are honoured with degrees. But we imagine that the gaile is atl aln ed-that the Chronicle has played all his men-that lie has not one move left -that lie is indisputably chek-mnated. But, says the Chronicle, we have liin (lered the hliring of a chapel-the pay nient of officers--if we lhave cconiislished nothing else. No, lie has merely refilted his own inventions, and subdued tile ilhan tols lie raised. Canning-street Chapel ! a building in the clouds; at least we have enquired for it in vain. Like the knight of thle windmill, his couriage coni pensates for the aberrations of his vision lie has vanquished the ghosts which arose in his vapours. We can guess the cause. The spirit made the goblins rise, The walter washed them down. Has the profllered fellowship been em braced and the pledge signed ? Time members of the Mechaulic's Institute met at their rooms last TuesdIay evening-- 1r. W. IHenty in tihe chair. The rules and orders of the institute were read over by Mr. Conllor and, on the motion of several members, a few alterations were made. The billowing resolutions were then Iasised 1unanimously : DMoved by lir. Robert Do Little, seconded by Mr. WVaddell-'"That WV. H. Itreton, Esq., be llp pointed President of this Institution." Moved by Mr. Aikenhead, secontled by MI'. Stubbs-" That the illowing persons be appointed the lBoard of Managers tior the lirst session : Messrs. J. Drysdale, Tozcr, W. It..l1,clclurst, WV. Capon, scnr., W. Tyson, Teveleinl, F. W. Towniley, P . Kelley, .1.J. Bell, lW. Itlliy, .loseph lie Little, 'T'homas lutton, .ames G(iranit, M. Mil ligani, Learmonth, Stlail, E. Halrvey, Alleock, J. F;'ergusson, Wilson, and MI. lates." MIoved by l Mr. .. W'. Ihell, seconded by 1'Mr. Milligan-" That Messrs. (Giblin and Connor be solicited to act as joint Secretaries of the Institu tiOll." Moved by Mr. Milligan, seconded by Mr. Tysoon-" That 11ri. Isaac Shlir\in be requested to act ias T'lreasurer to the society." Moved by Mr. Towllley, secondlled by3 Mr. Luck hulrst, jlur.-"That the tlllowhing gentlemen be allppoillnted TruI'steI's of the society :--Iessrs. Isaneac Sherwin, J. W'. Bell, P1'. Oakden, W. IIenty, J. S. WVaddell." Movedil by Mr. Connor, seconded by Mr. IHenly -" Tit it thie rules and regulations that have now beenl Iread be received as the Lalws of tile Latinl ceston Mechanics' Institution." Moved by Mr. lrysdailer , secolndlled bIy AI, 'Tait-'' That thanilks lie presentld to those gen tleilani who have plresientel donations to tlihe society." Iri". Sherwiil havinig been called to lpresie, ai vote of thnllks to 1Mr. Ilenty tinr ' his condiiuct ill the clhair was proposed b)y Mr. IlBttoni, seconded Iby Rlobert lie Little, aiud carried imiianimouly milli cevery dellmonstration of' i'egalr towards hMr. I lentyl ilr his suiccesstill exertliolis in behllllf of tihe institute, IT is stated in the latest English intelligence. lwhich will Ibe thund in allotiher colonli, that Mt1ij'or Wi'ellmi hals been piermittied to iretire frOai active dty. lie mainy, thcerefore, e expeclted here f'roll hludia by an early opportunity. WI ' have heard with Ii nuch pleasure that it is Intendlledtl to have periodicall lugrieillturil shows at I'erthli i: Imore cenltral place could scarcely lie ouii fobr such a pulrpose Several gentlemlen Shave allready slgnified their intentloi to eonltribute t liberally towarllds the piroimotion of' this ilesirable Sol!ject, andl alptain llitehle hals granilted the use oI sitflicient grounitil in the vicinity of the bridge oii whicll thle stock- yirdls will be crected. lERl we not obliged to respect the feelings of the p ublic, we should certainly "ldrwn"m" Tee totaller's" letter, which h alupeCredl in tile last Ad rertiser, In n " butt of Matilnsey." If the society will Just put their imprinatlur upon it, hlie shall jtlst ~et what such a reckless or disllhonest peirver ter of scrilpturO deserves ; otherwise we imuist al low him to escape, or break our owln piledge--n very bad example--" Teetotaller" being ,jutge. TVac have been fitvored with a copy of the a Third Report of thoe Directors of the Union Bank of Australia, presented at the general 0 meeting of the proprietors, held in London on 24th June last, from which we extract the following : The Directors feel it to be their duty, before concluding this report, to advert to tile severe pecuniary difficulties which, during three or four maonths previous to the last advices, had been more or less felt in all the AustralianVcolonies. A period of unexampled prosperity had cvi dently induced nll extension of speculative tran sactions alnd of commercial credit, which left the colonial commnunity exposed to thLe iinjurious ope ration of a reaction, evidently hastened and in creased by the effects of a deficient harvest, whereby they Iecame largely dependant ulpon imported supplies of fiod. Tile Directors confidently expect that this check will be of short duration, that it will lenad to greater CaLtion an1d cirnCniuspiection aillniigst colm miercial men, anid become the firerunner of a much higher degree of future prosperity in these inmplllortant Blritish settlements. '['The )irecctors have considered it right Io sub mit to this meeting, a proposition for extending the capital of the bank to the amount specified in the deed of settlement, by the issue of new shares in January next; the present capitalt, which will all be paid up within this year, being required for the operationl of the branches, and the increase of the bank's business reIdering it desirable that the Directors should have such a reserve within their reach. The Directors now proceed to sulbmit a state. nient of the assets and liabilities of the bank fior the year ending ill the colonies 31st D)cember last ; and at home up to the 20th of the present ninth. Also of the profits of the bank tor the samle period Nett assets to 20th June 1841 .................. 608,530 10 0 Paid up capital in London........ 431,350 0 0 Do. in the colonies 111,437 10 0 542,787 10 0 Net profit for year ending June 20, 1841 .......... 05,743 0 0 \--£ £008,530 10 0 STATEMENT OF TIIE PROFITS OF THEI DANK. Anlonnt of undivided profits to June 20, 1810 ............. ........ . 80,051 13 10 To which are now to be added the profits of the past year, ending at the tbranches Dec. t1, 1810, und London oflice Jnie 20 18411 aftler dedlcting all currenIt anld a pro portion of Ipr'elimi nary expelnses, and imakinig allowance fori had and doubt lidl debts ....... 05,743 0 0 On)ie- tenth for reserve fund .......... 0,574 5 4 .--- 50,108 14 8 80,220 8 0 Deductdividend paid atlidslmmner18.10 18,000 0 0 DItto Christmas 1840 25,000 0 0 \- - 43,000 0 0 Balance of undivided profit...... 40,220 8 0 The result of the above statement enables the Direcctors to declare a dividend of 25s. per share, payable in London on the 8th July next, and in the colonies as soon as tile inspector shall fix, after receipt of advices. STATEMENT OF RESERVE ACCOUNT. At June, 1840, as per statement .. 4,0841 12 8 Add to Ju.ltlne 1811, us above...... 6,574 5 4 £11,408 18 0 not Included In the above balance of undivided p'rofit, amtd held in addition thereto. lhANK INTEREST.-A report which most pen pie wish to be trlle easily gains credence ; andl I therefobre, when sonime of the Hobart Town papers Sconfidently announced that the bainks had reduced tile rate of discoalnt to 8 per cent., tihe majority on thills side of the islandil believed the ulnquilified stateienls Ipult florth. Int our1 last we contrladilctied tile rellort on the liltllority of' tile Rvcliew?', land sinice then have been thvoured with la eoiii nlica lion tifrolm a connecial friend in Hobalrt Towln, oni whose statemenillt we cani rely. He says-" I hIave heard iiothlingii ti anliy of lthose conneltedl with the banks of anuy cllhange il the rate of dlis colllut. I do nIot think it h1111 ever been thlonglt of' by any of tlie Ibanks oni this side. What I hilve se in thile llilers, I look upol its it feeleri'." AN inquest was held IonI Th'irsday last, the 1211 ilnstant, at tile llritannlia Willne Vaiults In Welling. ton-street, before P. A. Alulgrave, Esq., coroner, Son view of Iie holy of f alu old lman nained Thlos Carroll, eighty years of age, who tiled suddenly on tile iorillng of the preovions day. J. Davidson deposed that lie had knownv the decased iabout tlhree years; lie hadtl been incapa. f blo of workinlg at his trade of a shoemaker the whole of that timie, and was supported by his nclinintlltces; the deceased hIadloddgred at his h olise for the last three weeks, but llald enteil Iscarcely anythlinig during that period ; lie went to bled betwctn nlne and ten o'clock on Tuesday night, tihe 10th Instaintl andl arose between seven ii ul eiglht o'clock on VWetdnestday inorniihg, andi wenit outt lie saw him again ill about .a quarter ofl' all hour afterwards sitting oni a chair In anll th. ment in We'llington- street, occuple'd by Mr. Il'hl., shopkeeperi; he went up to hhl?n,anl tiumnl ihin quite dead; lie had complained for the last week of a bowel complaint aind n pain on hlls r'gl side ; lie said on Tuesday morning that he lih been very ill, and that lihe was sufflering very int . from cold ; on Tuesday night lie appeared as iflh had been drinking, bulit was not Intoxicated. George Mlladdock, =1. D., Assistant Colonili, Surgeon, was called to attenld thie deceased ol Wednesday morning ; lie was sitting on a chltlr in an allotment in Wellington-street, Ihe hail evi dently just expirced there was no mark of vio lence on his person ; It was imnpossible to tell tII. cause of his death without a post mnortem, examli. nation, which Dr. Maddox had that day maidl the left lung of th(e pericardium was very mauch in flanmed fi'oim recent cold ; the liver was large aIII aplparently that of Ia ioai who had ilved harldn the inflatmmation caused the dcilt of the dleensed such in hlannlmatlo being bliought on by recenil cx asuure to cold ; there was no syllllptOlll of all upo annils llatter ill the stomnchlli. AMr. Charles IM'Lichla-I- saw the deceeansed atbouit a qlriter before eight o'clock yesternilt maoling in an allotment partlilly ini 1Elizlbthllli nil WeVllingtol-streets; he was in i reclining posltur between two logs of wood ; I poinited hi ol t i" AIr, G. Findlay, who ilted hii up I went Iway, and i thi'hree or f0 lilll iiillnutes retiiurned aind sa:l the deceased sitting oil it lichair tenll or twelve yil'l.r, firoii where lie hall been lyinig; Mi. Fidiilay inlt Edward 1'aliiner wscle stanlidilg by the decenseid, who was quite deahl. ' PEidwiard Palmeri' saw tIlideceased a littie befrci eight o'clock on Wednesdiay nmorlning; Air. Find lay was liy him, and said lie was dyinig, and llihat lie would go to Mr. llyron, the District. Constalle, for nssistanice; he icwent uip York-street; I go1 nassistance, aild ilaced the deceansed on a chliii lie comhl not speak,l ald appileaired quite insensibll; I ran to the colonial osliltal, and returndcl withll Dr, MIaddlox imuiediately ; deccnsled was hi the sanille position I had Ictl hli, but qullite ded. The .jury returned a verldict of' L)ied bly the visitation of God." TILE CRITIC AtArN.-Last week we inserted the tlicovery of oulr neighblour, that the " Lillnl cesltoianis are f?uldl o scenesl of blood aid tldeth, anld ie piarlicuhlrly pmi, al toinulhing that savours f the terri/c." We iire lmost happy to findl by MIollay's ('ourier, that al delightfiul revollhiolt liu occurred in the draimatic itaste of thfile inhliabitints ''" oth wit. and seltiment iare twaysii duly appre ciated bly i Laullnceston aiulienclce. 'There is not a jest thlat ci'?' esc'ipi I/ heir obs.rrliton, and a godll puin lltiqt/y elicits applalse."' A most animiated aiul iidlignalt letter appllear: in the Ioblart T'eui Adlrertlisier of the 6th inst, in vilicationii of the ltev. Mlr. Spurr of the Church of Englaind, written by his wile. We could not hlii regret whlile perusing it thlit, ti'on whatever cause, so iiimuch apilpCarent ilanlt should atltenlld the thilli of a clergymiain, ainil more that it Should blie blazolned abroad by at heartless anollnymous writer. We cannllot pretendl to say that lthe tfair correl's pollndent hais iliscovered Iiich meekness, bllt sbillhe hils defiltdedl her hitusbanlld. INSOLVEINT COURT, lredicsd?luy, Mty 11, 1812. Johln Fleming, m'etlilg adtjiournled to 2ith MIay lhr proiof' ot' dlebtls iuld dischlarlge S. Smlillie, di: charged; Thomania?s Jordan, aidjourned to 25th May fiur proof of delits nilll discelhilge Jamles Rolls, ditllto . Jame?i s hlaii'liy, dischiargled. iMleeltings f?in WVedlilesday next, 18th inst.- Silals Prse, niljourmtned spliecial meetinig anid di charge; W. It. W'ilmol, ladjournedl imeeting and oi idischliarge; .almes lIRlobertls, litli; Johii S. lill. special meeting; I'. L. Lette, ditto; Johl M'ILed.d; ditto. THE EXPEDITION. —Various alarming rumours have been afloat during the last few days as to the safety of His Excellency, Lady Franklin, and party, if the Breeze should have been at sea during the late heavy gales; but it is the general opinion of good judges that the weather rendered it impossible for her to get over the bar at Mac- quarie Harbour, if so, the party must be in an alarming condition for want of provisions. We hear that Mr. Calder started two or three days ago on horseback, with such eatables as he could carry on so rough a journey; but even if he does succeed in again crossing the Gordon after the late rains, what must be the condition of the suf- ferers in the meantime? The expedition, Quixotic as it was, and all about it, would be child's play to this; we trust the most efficient measures will be immediately taken (if not already done) to prevent a catastrophe which would be an indelible' disgrace on those left behind in authority by His Excellency. We trust the affair will turn out better thin is at present feared. We believe the Eliza has been sent round to meet the party but if the Breeze could not clear the bar outward we fear the other will find some difficulty in en- tering. —Colonial Times. e lOAD-MAKING. --WVe observe that the oversalel of ia Snill gang of lmen at present repairin'g the roail nieni' the Dallas Arms seemis to know it lIltfl I of mnacadamzing, fltt iot sufficient to make tIh work effectual. In filling up the ruts hle very , prlopely picks loose the old metal around thcla.l t. with a view to the oldh and the new bnindiing I y ether by the pressure ftin allove. This is fair well ; but in order properly to manedantiizie', it e is necessary that the stones shall lie iall t'of 1l?' i. size; it is the wanit of this that ocenslois so i illly a ruts, and rederls nlecessary so fl'elquinlt relrt . Is Mr. Macadam had riddles of three dilletenit Is sizes, thie least size for the top metalling, tlro'tit?ti i which it was put by shovels in the ialnuei'r it o which limne is screened, Tihe metal being of' ont" y size,'tt received the pressure eqiually anld ibecamelil n an even surfaie ; the rise of his roats aind stl'ls ti fioli the foot.lpath to the centriie, was two iciturts it in six feiet.-lItl, QuiT-Rl-N?Iss.--On revising tlie resolutions and lrgmlillents lsed at :thie qult-rent meetings, and contrasting them with the conduct of the colonial governmenlt, we are of opinion that one view t' tihe question is entirely lost sight of, It lios Ibeen suggested to us that as thle governnlent con shdlers usutnv to le thle fundamental cause of the present distress, it has determined to ruin the lsrels inll their turn, by the demand of a heavy lquit-rent ulpon the land, which will render it valueless, so that their 121, 15, and 20 pevr cent, mnortages will be good for nothing I This Is con sidered to be a capital plan, as the colony vwill coae to a general Insolvency, and begin die orve uiiidler a now systen.-Coloulatl Thires 