TilE £EAIL OF ROSSVE*8 TELESCOPE. To the Editor of the Times. Sin-The casting of the speculum of this leviathan telescope having been safely effected, 1 have the pleasure" of forwarding you, for insertion in. the Times, should you think it worthy of that honour, a brief description of the modes operandi adopted by the noble Earl, in the confidence that by very many of your intellectual readers it will be gratefully re ceived both at home and abroad. As, however, diagrams are not well suited to newspaper columns, I must endeavour to provide a substitute. Make, then, one extremity of a line 41 inches long bisect a perpendicular to itself of 2* inches long, and the other extremity of it bisect another perpendicular extend toe first-named 21 Inches. Call the first the, crane line; the second, the chimney line; and the third, the mould line. On the crane line, at the distance from the chimney line of 1 2.10 inches, and 3 6.10 inches make dots. On the first of these dots place, centrally, a silver fourpence; on the second, a silver. penny ; on the third, a sixpence; on the centre of the ch imney line,'a shilling ; on each of its extreme points, a silver fourpence; on the centre of the mould line, a crown; on each of is extreme points, a sixpence; and on the covered extremity of the crane line, a card of 2 inches square, so that it sides shall lie neither parallel with or perpendicular to the crane line. Now, supposing these several coins and card to have the same thickness as the silver fourpences, the tout ensemble will indicate an horizontal section of - the foundry; for the three fourpences will represent the' crucibles in their furnaces, the shilling the chimney, the penny. the crane, the crown the.bottomn of the mould, the sixpences the iron pouring baskets,. and the card the floor of the ainealing'oven. The crucibles were of cast iron, 24 Inches interior diameter, and 30 inches deep. each weighing about half a ton. They were kept in situ above the bars of the furnaces by cast Iron supports and subjacent brick work. The furnaces, about 61 feet square, were brick their full apertures were 4 feet diameter; their height above the gratings, 8 feet, their ashpits 2 feet, and their several flnes passed into the chimney whiclah was 65 feet square at bottom, and in height was many yards. The iron pouring baskets were supported on wooden frames, and were supplied with pivots, one pivot of each basket having had welded on it at a convenient angle an iron lever about 3 feet long, by which the basket with its contento.was turned on the pivot of the former without difficulty. The bottom of the mould,. 6 feet 8 inches In dia. meter, was formed on iron hoops, packed as closely as possible side by side,: their edges up, and turned in the lathe till the upper surface had imparted to it a convexity necessary to produce the wished for concavity in the surface of the speculum when cast. A' half crown placed centrically on the crown piece will represent the wooden pattern for the mould; it was full 6 feet diameter, and about 6} inches thick, The bottom of the mould (the crown piece) was now included in a quadrangular wooden frame, acid sand being rammed between it and the wooden pattern, the latter was removed with the crane, and the mould thus made being perfectly horizontal, was ready to receive the melted mnasu. The metals of which the speculum is composed are copper and tin, 126 parts of the former to 671 of the latter; had it been 68 of tin, the proportions would have been the atomic standard. The copper employed was fragments of copper sheathing, and about three tons of it were used; the tin was grain tin. The price of the former is about £100 per ton, that of the lattes 1 do not know. At two o'clock on the morning of Wednesday, the 13th instant, the crucibles were lighted, and in about ten hours the crucibles were in a fit state for receiving their respective charges. The metal, whir i had been previously fused and broken up, was distributed equally amongst the cru ctbles, so that any accidental difference in it was probably destroyed. By nine in the evening the furnaces were opened, and the flames of nearly homogeneous yellow light which issued from them were splendid. The cuon tenances of the bystanders looked like those of ghosts, whilst the ecarlet coats of the officers present seemed a dirty yellow. Tackle from the crane was now fastened to one of the crucibles at the extremity of the chimney line, and when raised above its furnace, the revolution of the crane on its centre deposited it as quietly as possible in its corresponding iron basket ; it did the same for the second crucible, and also for the third. By turning the iren baskets on their pivots, the contents of the crucibles were simultaneously poused into the mould, and some minutes elapsed before the undulatory motion of the fluid metal ceased. In about twenty minutes the quadrangular wooden frame and sand were removed; an iron ring con. nected with a bar passing through the oven at the back aperture was clamped round the red hot specu. lum, the tackle of a capstan was booked to the bar, and the speculum was hauled from the bottom of the mould over an iron railway into the annealing oven. The oven, whose interior had been kept at a dull red heat for several days, was now charged with charcoal, the arches below with turf, and every open ing of the oven built up and plastered over, and it is' supposed that two months will elapse before the speculum is cool enough to be removed with safety. Not an accident or anything untoward happened during the process; and in 40 minutes from the fuze of the first crucible being moved the speculum was safely in the oven. The metal is six feet diameter, it is 61 inches thick at the edges, and five inches at the centre; Its weight is about three tons. By grinding and polishing its thickness will pro. bably be reduced 1.10th or 1.8th of an inch-it will be formed into a telescope of 60 feet focal length, and will, there is every reason to hope, be actually in use this year. Trhe speculum will have a reflecting surface oh 4071 square Inches, whilst that of the telescope made by the immortal Herschel, under the aespices of King George [II., had but 1811. Observatory, Kensington. P. 5,-Tbs foundry is not many feet from Bier Castle, the residence in Ireland of she Earl of Roase, and, with the eareption of the crucibiss, which were made by Maessrs, hewer, of Old.street, St. Luke's, all the apparatus employed on this interesting occa sion (the steam engise Itself included) was made in wortahops adjoining the caitle, under the Earl's immediate darections, by workmen treined and In etructed by himself. ' EccSNaTKWITIs otr MozAaRT.-41Mo zart had occasion to come to Paris at the tima he wsengaged so the composition of his opera of Don uan One day, after working severalstsones in hias closet, he cast a glance at his watch. it .was.s already five o'clook. TJhat was the hour the'msestr,' 'usually dined at.' He, thereforea, hastened to dress. and proceeded towards a aestaursot at the Pahais Royal; but, whilst on his way, a qew ides arose," and developed itasel In his mind, and sbsorbed hina so compltely, that It was involuntarily, and only from habit that he perused thu bill of fare which she owner of the restaurant came and presented him. '" Garcon, en potage an Vermicelie I" exclsimend he. rhe potage was brought, but he touched it not. A quarter of an hour elapsed, and whilst his. head was in a ferment, sod his imagination soared in the high spheres of she ideal and poetry, lie heeded nut the cooling potage. At length, after another quarter of an itour of meditation, he called for a tried sole. The potage was remoned, and s nice, well done, and seinpsting sole toot' its place, without attracting ithe attention, or exoitinB the sensuality of the dreaming musician.' Sic dishtea were' succes stvely demaneded, brought, and treated 'by Mlosart with the same Indifference. T'he waiter was astounded at the manners and deporttoent of his odd.custorner, but thought is was useless making any remarks so one he considered mad. Two hours had elapsed since the compoaer's arrival, sod yet, his rorubead resting on his hands, 'he had one' emerged from Isis reverie, Suddenly, however, he raised his head, lila countenance beamed with pride' and hasifsfctioo, he emp tied his puree into the waiter's hands, rushed from his seat, and left the' romIexclaimlng, " At leagsh I have it i" Mosart had st found the finale to the thIrd act of Don ODD FBLLOWS. -Thofotat's now 180,000 meinb a belonging so she United Order of Odd Fello a, M.U., sod out of that namber 8000 are at prs travelling the eonsooly In search of emploi ma -Tyny MAreiary. 