PORT PHILLIP. MOLLOY, lately put upon his trial for the murder of a man named Wood, and who by a jury was declared to be insane and dumb, in an unguarded moment found the use of his tongue : it is generally supposed the prisoner is pretending idiotcy. — The papers complain that by Sir George Gipps' disallowance of the plan of the new court- house submitted to him its appearance and convenience will be materially impaired, for the sake of a small saving. — The Queen at the prosecution of T. M. Marshall v. G. Arden, of the Gazette, for libel, had been heard : Mr. Arden was bound to appear on the 15th instant, to receive judgment. The Sea horse has been laid on as a re- gular trader between Sydney and Mel- bourne. She will call, going and returning at George Town. — The cessation of emi- gration is felt at Port Phillip ; the old hands will not accept less than £35 a year for farm labour. THE NEWSPAPER PRESS. — During the late commercial distress the newspaper press of the colonies has not escaped un- scathed. In Sydney, the Free Press and the Sydney Monitor have gone the way of all flesh ; and the Sydney Gazette, the old- est newspaper in the Australian colonies, for a time gave up the ghost, but has since sprung anew into existence, under fresh auspices. The Hunter River Gazette, at Maitland, has also expired, after a brief existence of only six months. In Van Diemen's Land, the Tasmanian and Van Diemen's Land Chronicle have disappeared from this lower sphere, and the proprietors of the Colonial Times (Hobart Town) and the Cornwall Chronicle (Launceston) have been compelled to make their way through the Insolvent Court. In South Australia, the Adelaide Chronicle has gone to the " tomb of all the Capulets," and the South Australian Register is advertised for sale under warrant of the sheriff. It is difficult to know what is the state of affairs in New Zealand, for with the exception of the New Zealand Gazette (Port Nicholson), which still holds on its way rejoicing, the news- papers there are of the mushroom order, appearing and disappearing with the most amusing celerity. The Melbourne news- papers have as yet stood the brunt of the storm but not unscathed ; whether they will all weather it, the future only can de- termine. Amidst the gloomy, however, all has not been gloom. No new journals have made their appearance in Sydney, but the Sydney Herald has increased its di- mensions so as to equal the London news- papers, and now rejoices in the title of the Sydney Morning Herald. In Van Diemen's Land, a new journal — the Launceston Exa- miner — has sprung into existence, which bids fair not only to rival, but also to excel many of its contemporaries ; and the True Colonist, after being defunct for nearly eighteen months, is again resuscitated. Australia Felix has also to boast of two additions to the number of its newspapers — the Melbourne Times, a weekly news- paper, which has nearly overcome the the perils of infancy, and the Portland Mercury, which in the course of another fortnight, will launch its broad sheet on the troubled sea of life. We fear, however, that with regard to the newspaper world the crisis has not yet arrived, or at all events, is not past, and we doubt not we shall have to chronicle a variety of changes among our contemporaries at home and abroad. — Patriot. 