Theatricals. On Wednesday morning last, the son of the Olympic set for ever; rather, by the bye, a curious time for a sun-set in the morning; but so it was, and with the last fall of Mr. Blackman's hammer, the Olympic disappeared below the Theatrical horizon, and will, in future, be known only " as a thing that has been." The dark clouds of misfortune had, for a long time, been gathering over the devoted edifice, and having at length contracted their black phalanx they burst with overwhelming force, on this temple of the Thespian deity. The myrmidons of the law seized on the building, and on the above named day, it was sold under an order from the Insolvent's Trustee. tears be dim our eyes, as we think on the ac religious scene that ensued at the sale. "The secrets of the prison house were disclosed the uninitiated allowed to pry into the *' flies" and " whips," while the stage was trod by many a brainless wight, who, perchance, c and barely read much less enact a " part." Vile barrow men were seen sporting amongst fairy clouds, while two or three speculative looking gentlemen were walking on the sea. Some mischievous fellow that we perceived, had o()t amongst the thunder, and had actually upset the rain upon the stage. Two or three pinafores urchins Were busily engaged picking out the stars from a moonlight scene, and another in a merrier mood, thrust his head through the moon, and was grinning with an ecstasy of de. light. The confusion all around, reminded us of a second chaos. Here, a peasant's cor seemed very comfortably reclining on the bosom of the Adriane ; there, a splendid range of trees (that would have dignified an English pat k) spread their green verdure in the Doge's back parlour Every where discord reigned supreme. On the arrival of Mr. Blackman, the building alone was put up, and knocked down to Mr Aldis, for £82. Afterwards the scenery was sold, and realized 15ft The guns, pistols, swords. 3:c., were next sold to Mr. J. Newton, for £2 10. Next came the Theatrical Wardrobe, and as we cast our eyes upon the various costumes, we could not restrain the many bitter though s that came upon us a sigh escaped us, a dimness came o'er our senses, and mentally, we heard the sale proceed in the following manner: ? Lot An old for in a napkin, consisting of Hessian boots, pantaloons, a pair of fancy curled black whiskers, with an eye glass and cane. Lot 27 villain's countenance in a wig box ; a black mask and a large piece of burnt cork. Lot 3 -A captive princess in a trunk black curls, small dagger and pistol, with a hare's paw and rouge pot. Lot 4 Turkish tyrant, in a bandbox red whiskers and beard, large sabre and Had no oz dagger. Lot 5 - A robber chief, in a basket, Russell boots, long stiletto and dark cloak. Lot But here an onion sting article was produced; the auctioneer called particular attention to it. It was a dress of the Signor's; and the many purchasers grouped around it with countenances most woe begone and melancholy, and the auctioneer, with a deep drawn sigh, and most theatrically imposing altitude, spoke of it as follows ? You all know the minute ; I remember The firm lime Daile Cuse put it on? 'Twas on a Friday evening, to his tent, Tutu tiny he figured in the hon Arm." Here Mr. Joseph Raphael, with a voice overcome with emotion, bid 45'. Mr. Back man thanked him, and resumed ? Look, in this place ran Nesbitt's dagger thro'? See what I rent the envious ghosts tim made, Through this the old established Gazette stabbed And as it plucked its conquering quid away. Mark how the Olympic's tile blum! followed its For you all know, the Gusella is our Sydney's angel. This was the unkindest cut of all. Mr. Knight could stand no more, The tears coursed each other form his innocent Nose? And in an extacy of woe, he bid 500. The hammer fell, and its noise awakened us from our reverie ; when we found that only the last part of our vision was true, and that the whole of the theatrical wardrobe had been purchased by Mr Knight for the above sum. The remainder of the property was next sold, such as gas fittings, music forms, stools, ka., to various parties. The total amount realised was £172. With the departure of Mr. Blackman, the curtain might be be said to have fallen for the last time. We retired with a heavy heart from the building, it was not until we had demolished a beefsteak, and had made heavy in- roads into a pint of '? Barclay and Perkins." which our careful landlady had provided for us, that we of at restored to any thing approach- ing our usual equanimity. ? Every body knows " the ghost of the Monitor. 