PUNISHMENT WHICH THE LAW INFLICTS IN A CASE OF IM MIGRANT MAL-TSEATMENT. The decision of the Supreme Court of this Colony, in a case of the Queen against Robert Robinson, master, and Richard William Nelson, surgeon of the Baraue Carthaginian, for assault and false imprisonment on the person of Margaret Ann Bolton, an immigrant passenger by that -vessel,— is not merely a matter of con gratulation to the injured party, but fur nishes the public of Great Britain, with sufficient proof, that the administration of justice,? in this remote part of the world, is conducted with the strictness and im partiality, which have ever been the dis tinguishing features of the British char acter. After a lengthened and patient investigation, extending over a space of two entire days, a jury of the Colonists found the prisoners to be guilty upon the first couiit of the indictment, and the sentence of the Court was delivered yes terday, " THAT they be . confined for six months in the common gaol, and pay a fine of fifty pounds to the queen." We look upon this decision, as one of so much importance, in reference to the treatment of immigrant passen gers, that we are at the pains to pre pare a short statement of the facts of the case — partly for the information of our - readers in the Colony — -but chiefly with the intention that the decision of the Court may he knowrf and circulated in the Mother Country. It is right that the people of England should be in pos session of the fact, that the situation and circumstances of an immigrant passenger, however low and humble, are no hindrance to the course of public justice, but that the law will protect, as it has already protected in this instance, the meanest subject of the British empire, who leaves home and kindred and country for the untried dangers of a distant land. It is right that the people of England should know that Colonial Law, as well as Brit ish Law, guarantees the security of per son and property, whether the attempted outrage upon either be committed upon the high-seas, or within the immediate vicinity of the law itself. Examining carefully the evidence upon which the decision of the court is founded, \vo find the facts of the case to be as follows ; — The barque CaTthayinian with soma twb hundred and forty emigrant passengeis.— about one-hrlf females — among whom was Margaret Ann Bol ton, sailed from Liverpool on the 1st of October, for this Colony, and arrived at Sydney about the end of January in the . present year. On a certain night, six or eight weeks before arrival, a noise occurred in that portion of the ship , occupied by the passengers, which, upon Bolton's evidence, appears to" have been a " screaming " on- the part of some of the youiig women, who - alleged that they saw a ghost. Tins screaming is stated, upon other testimony, ! to have been a great noise, R. Grieve's evidence but- without disputing upon- terins, a disturbance occurred on board the ship, at or about the time just men tioned. On hearing this disturbance, the Captain and the Doctor proceeded to the women's berths, to ascertain the cause of it, and It is to be inferred, that they were dissatisfied With the explanation proff . r- ed, for, in the words of Bolton," "they -ordered the women out of their berths, threatening us in a most awful manner, that if we did not come, they would force us." Under the influence of this threat Bolton, with six of lier fellow- passengers— -all females— went r pon deck —it being then between nine and ten o'clock at niglit, and the women thinly clad— having merely as much clothing on as was consistent with absolute decency. On reaching the deck, they the Captain and: Doctor brought several pairs of handcuffs — and put them upon the women who . were dispersed about the deck lest they should have- the comfort of speaking together; Vide Bolton's evidence. At this stage of the proceedings, the iCaptain ordered some water to bo passed, and dashed five buckets while the Doctor dashed two in the face of Bolton — a woman in delicate health, dragged from her bed at an un seasonable hour of the night, clad merely in a thin night dress, and handcuffed on the deck of a British merchant ship! vide Barrel's evidence. After this inhuman treatment, she is left shivering upon the .deck for the space of several hours— still handcuffed— and is indebted to the charity of some person unknown — who covers , her with a cloak. The exact time Bolton remained oh deck is not stated, hut. upon the evidence of Grieve the third mate, it appears that onretiriug at twelve o'clock, the woman was still there. Eventually Grieve relieves Bol ton, who reaches her berth in a state of great exhaustion, which is follo'wed by a severe cough, and induces a condition of bad health — -the woiaab before that time, not having .complained of positive illness. On arrival of the vesselat this port, Bolton being unable to retain her service, obtains admission into the Benevolent Asylum, and is subjected to a course of medical treat- : ment, for a disease, which a very compi- ; tent witness Dr. Savage, health-officer | of the port alleges that " exposure to the j night air, is likely to induce." Upon these facts, derived from the testimo- f ny of twenty-three witnesses fifteen of whom- were examined for the defence — the jury found the prisoners guilty > of an aggravated assault upon tho per- son of Margaret Ann Bolton, by ? fencing her upon the deck of the vessel js and throwing water upon her,' and like wise of an aet of false imprisonment / committed by placing handcuffs upon ? her. And the sentence of the court, which ? we have already mentioned, was pronoun- jj ced by His Honor Mr. Justice Stephen, : after a long and able charge, in which ho y declared .the legal doctrine " that, with ; regard to the power of Captains and Sur— ? g'eons of immigrant sliips, there is nothing in the law which authorizes them to subject passengers to punishment and correction ;? for disturbances on board their vessels at : sea ; their authority extending merely to preserving the peace and comfort of <: other passengers ; being merely to repress and keep down outrages." From this, then, the first decision of its y kind, in a colonial court of justice, let it : he understood throughout the United / Kingdom, that the power of British law ; is sufficient to protect emigrant passen- ; gers, from the unwarrantable outrages of y assault and imprisonment. The mise- i ries of a voyage to this colony, in a crowded ship, and often with bad and in- ; sufficient provisions, are suffic.ently felt f by emigrants to New South Wales, with- ? out the additional evils of such conduct, ; as that which the case before us describes. From conversation with emigrant pas- j sen gers, we know that, on the slightest grounds, numerous acts of illegal violence j are perpetrated, upon the persons of s emigrant passengers, who have been j obliged to endure in silence, either from J want of means to prosecute the offending jj parties, or from the influence of intimi- \ dation, or from absolute ignorance, as j strangers in a strange land, of the quar- I ter whence to look for redress. This | decision of the Supreme Court of the | -Colony, will be a warning to the captains | and doctors of these vessels, to keep I within the bounds of their legitimate jj authority. And when it is remembered, 1 of how much importance it is,, to afford | facilities for an extensive immigration, | and to do away with all that is likely to | interfere with its progress, let us congra- I tulate the public, on what promises to be | the means of checking a course of conduct, | which undoubtedly threatened to be a very j serious disadvantage. Oar statement of the case is founded upon the report published in the Sydney Herald, of j April 19 th. j 