Thc Z»oan Company. We have been requested to publish the'following cor resptfridcnce, which, it will be perceivtd, contradicts ih» statement ihal air. Angas ceased io be a Director in 1840. British Colonial Hank, and Loan Company'* Ofrire, No. 6, Elizabelh-s'rret North, Sydney, Ap il 16, 1842 To the Editors of the ?i,dney Utra'd Gkn'tlimen?I request yon-will oblige me by insetting in your columns, Hie accnmpnnvine copies of a correspond dence whit li appeared in the Tim s newspaper, ol'the l"7ih December, 1841, relative lo thc retirement of Mr. Ajgas f-om'the Direct on, by wh ch il will b« seen, ilia Mr. ( Anga-i o.ltciil. d at the Doa rd as a Direcor in .titgiHi last, -md Ilia' his lesignaiion was only accepted on Hie 15 li o' D,ccembr iCH. ?I have the honor to C'G-nilemen, ?Yblir obuiheii seivarit, WILLIAM WRIGHT. To <he Eiitor.of' the Banker's Cinulac. Pin ? Flavin>> perceived my rtanie sia'ed in the Pank-rs' Piroiihr, pf the lOih, as a llirector of the British Colonial Hank and Loan Company, I ling to state thal'Vresigned my seal, as a U rect..r, on llio'Gid i)<!cerober, IH40. . 1 am,'Ste. icc, '¦ (Signed; G.-F. ANGAS. Jeffries'Square; ("ify, l3lb Dec, 1H4I. To the Editor of the Times. Sin?The following advei tisemmi appeared in yourpaper of the ;7.|i instani: . To 'hi "E- iftr af the 'But'ihers''Circulir. Sin ?Having perceived my name staled in the Banf;er.*' fi tillar, ol ibe 1 th, as a Director of the British Colonial Hank and Loan Company, 1 beg lo s'Rte. thal I resigned ni) scat, as a'Director, on ihe 3rd of December, 184(1, 1 am, ic.'&(!., ''.""','', .'.'.'-¦'"' -(Signed) G. F. ANGAS. ''Jt-ff ies' Square, City, ..'i.aih-p.c, IU4I. In reply to ihi« communication, 1 beg to observe that tbe Editor ol Hie . Hankers' Circular, in the statement above re- ferred lo, did nut (live ihe nairn gas bein« those of the pre- sent Diieclors, hui ex pres* y mcn'innedTthat they weie llie names on the back of .Scrip Ce'l'ficairs, which bad been issued in Sydney. These certificates were sent out lo Sidney-in June, '184>, five mourns previously lo the da'e of Air. Aii-as" letter'of Decerob r, 104>, ten.lei'mg his r-sicnalion > that they were not meant by tue Kdiior ol the ¦liaiik.rs' ( ireular lor the nam>'S of Ihe present Directors may i e likew se readily inferred, I'rtm Hie fact of the names of the la'e Right lion. Sir Robert Wilmot.Horton Hail.; and the Ide Right Hun. Thomas Peregrine Courtenay, being men ioned am. ngsl the number. I beg further to state that Mr. Angs resignation of October 3rd 1840, was not accepted-; that he attended a meeting p- thu Directors on the nth Annual, 1841. and i g ed bis name in the attendance book asa Di'eetor.? That the Di'ectiirs were at (Inti lime advertising fur an in- crease ? f capial, and published bis name as a Director in 1'he il ftVent papers, which ailieiliseii.eots -wire ennlinued fur some w»eks without intimation li um lum that they wafb under any ni- apprebension on the sui jed - and it i« only vety recently, fur'speeial reasons, which tie comtnunicateil to the. Directors, that it became necessary for him to rt tire finm this (luton m. and hts resign lion was accepted on Wednesday last. -I remain, Sir, &c; &(?, ?(Sillied) rHU.vi.-iS FLOWER, Acting Secretaiy. British Colonial flank and Loan Company'.. Ouch, Loudon, December, l7lh, 1841. .'. '' } Trifle Fditor oj'tht Sydney Gazette. British Colonial lia. k, and Loan Company's Office, sydney, Apiil 18,'18+1. SIR, I shall bs obliged by your laying-before yourreadeis the accomp'inyin'j'CurreBpuuileiice, regarding the re'iremetil of vlr. Angas, (-a Director of ihe-Union Hank of Austra ia in London) from the -Drectiun of ihe B-iislrColonial Bank, <nd-L'iau Company, by Which ituill be seen that Mr. An ^as orlichiteil ai ihe'Uuard as.late as August last, although tn his letter he-sl-tles that he resigned inDecember iBiii, and that his resignation was duly accepted on the 15th of December, 1841. Mr. ltobert Brooks, also one of the London Diiectots ol tbe Union Bank of Austia'ia, having addressed a most calumniating letter, again tthis Company, to Mr. Dace of ydney.'l enclose fur ptrhlirnlion. a copy of a communica *ion dom the Com pa nj-s tJulicimr tn Air. Dacre, cautionin. that gentleman again t making use ot Mr.,Brooks' letter. I'have, the honor lo'be, Sir, ?rVourpb-dient Servant, W. WRIGHT. ?(COI'V> 5, niizabeth-street, April 18, 1813. "Dear Si-, Mr. Wright; tito Secn'tarv of (Ive Loan Company, bas handed to me a copy of ii letter'(forwarded to Mia! gentle- man), addie ned by a Mr. Rotieit B.oiiks lo you, of rO serious a natnie that I think it my duly to inform you, thal the representation in mle by Mr. I! rooks is wholly false, which l>.e deed of settlement of the Company now in ny possession prove ; the signatures of the -Directors attached to the deed being tlio'e *hich are tndorseil on the Scrip. I must bi.'g iheiefore to camion you, against making use of that' letter. I am, dear cir, ..Yam's liiillif.illy, {Sgned} Ci COOPER TURNER. R. Dacie, K*q. In reference to the above correspondence, which was forwarded to us for insertion, we have to observe that unavoidable circumstances prevented its insertion in our last publication. The Ghost of the Monitor makes "a poor mouth" about his not being favoured with the aforesaid correspondence, and thinks Mr. Wright would have consulted the interest of the Company by sending it to the whole of the papers (i. e. the Examiner). Now this is ex- cessively cool of ihe Ghost. Does Mr. Wright, we enquire, know, that such a print as the Examiner is in existence?—Ed. Syd. Gaz ] 