BREAKING UP SONG. JUNEE A Cjbbler there was." Come, all ye young gentlemen, let us be gay, For the time is at hand when we gallop away ; We shall see all our friends and relations so dear, And forget all the sorrows we've felt this half year. Derry down, &c.; No more shall we hear, boys betimes in the morning, The horrible sound of the bell giving warning ; No longer repeat the harsh words we detest, " Diluculo surg-salubberrimum est." Derry down, &c.; No more shall we tremble or start in our dreams, At the ghost of " Example Minors " or Themes ; For now we shall have enjoyments in plenty, Unalloy'd by the troubles of " As he present at." Derry down, &c.; No longer be pestered to death with " Qua; genus," With " Tityre to potato," " Quo fit Mrcccnas ?" No longer with Lexicon torn and untidy, Shall fog at the meaning of " MHNIN AEIAE." Derry down, &c.; No longer obliged to be bothering our senses With nouns and with pronouns, moods, cases, and tenses, With true " Eating" Grammar we shall understand, When custards transferred to the month from the hand. Derry down, &c.; At the peep of the dawn we throw off with the hounds, With circumflex accents the welkin resounds ; 'Tis Horace's sentiment, who does not hand it? " Equis et Canibus Juvenis garden." Derry down, &c.; When darkness comes on, with piano or fiddles, We dance, play at forfeits, at cards, or at riddles ; We follow our sports, and defy the hard fate, Of packing to bed, when the clock shall strike eight. Derry down, &c.; Whose heart does not jump at the thought of those jolly days, Nights full of laughter, and days of whole holidays ; When bought meets the senses but what is attractive, Our " Moods all imperative," " Voices all active." Derry down, &c.; The Fens which we never could look on in peace, We shall fancy look well on the wings of the geese; And instead of Hexameters scandal to our wish The Lines we shall make, will be Lines to catch fish. Derry down, &c.; With plays and our own-how unlike those insipid days, When reading old Sophocles, Terence, Euripides ; With " Notes Variorum," to Tea or a Rout, Our words are all ready, without looking out. Derry down, &c; They strive to convince us-indeed they're too kind That they punish the body to better the mind; But if mind be to blame as sure all must agree Why the mind should be flogged, and the body go free I Derry down, &c.; Such a " Vsteron professor" never was read, That the tail should account for the faults of the head; And they must indulge In incredible stories, Who call these the " Literal: humanities." Derry down, &c.; May the new AfarcA of intellect go on as well, As the Cane and the Birch from all schools to expel ; Until all Education a pleasure shall seem, And Latin and Greek shall be taught us by steam I Derry down, &c.; Our Tutors praise Learning and Wisdom's rare feast, And say 'is remarkably sweet to the taste ; But if any of us were permitted to speak, We'd prefer the Neat's Tongue to the Latin and Greek. Derry down, &c.; They're oftentimes pointing-in ecstasies quite To Classical Passages, beauteous and bright ; But however well booked for the Greeks or for Rome, No Passages equal our Passages home 1 Derry down, &c.; And since these two Languages long have been dead, We think that their beauties are faded and fled ; And if their Remains to the Church-yard were borne in, No Lad in the kingdoms would go into mourning. Derry down, &c.; All bail to the months of glad June and December! For these are the breaking- up seasons remember ; May the next reformed Almanacs make it appear, The rest of the months are expeltdfrom the year. Derry down, &c.; May Victoria the First long over us rule, Long sway the mild Hod of her fam'd English School ; In Peace, Love, and Loyalty, subjects combine, And QUEEN be a noun we may never decline. Derry down, &c.; May her Majesty's Ministers prove by their actions, They would not instruct us in " Decimal Fractions ;" To talk of a "surplus," were Irish complete, When poor Irish Parsons have nothing to eat ! Derry down, &c.; They're odd kind of friends to the Protestant cause, Who starve all the Clergy with and tithe Laws I May Dens and Schoolmasters never prevail, But to flagellate Daniel and torture his Tail! Derry down, &c.; May our Captain, the Duke, and Conservative Peel, False Concords correct and bad Government heard And tickle their babies with plenty of birch, Who are found to be foes of the Queen and the Church. Derry down, &c.; May we, after wishing each other goodbye, Enjoy " Dulce Domum," and eat our mince pie ; And, after our sports, to our labours returning, May all have good health and a stomach for learning. Derry down, &c.; May those who have finished their full Education, Their talents employ for the good of the nation ; And whether in Trade, Physic, State, Church, or Law, Here's success to us all His ! hip ! hip I Boys I Hurrah I Derry down, &c.; HARRISON FEATHER. High School, Dec. 11 1839. Carlisle Patriot. J 