TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1840. DuniNO tho lart week, there baa been such an Incessant beating of drum, and floarl.h. or trumpet. \n the Rauloal camp, that we .:. T . ? .„ ♦blnk that some pof tn the nwtlflotitton or a pardonable our batty, / w.att5ulWdlptoth.«iu»ofriUliUdj- J tnoiut «ttd «hat do you suppose, Rente roaderH, i» the grnuH project which . U to « frloht the Ule from Its v^'1'1)'* th0 p.naoett for recent mortifications, the com prohonslve movement whlcli is to 'glw, «,ery body every thing T Why, It la no thing less tbnn to get up another Meetlngi at which thn t«g.«R wd bob-tall of Sydney mlaht e»|oy nn uuoppoaod Saturnalia, and declaim, to their heart'., content, upon the doctrine no olnboratdy put forth by our fr«e I'm* contemporary, of tho ' Inallon ?Ua ttRUta of mitn.' Certainly, no look of real nnd exhortation have boen apared In order to Ua die ibla political baby Into igourous existence y lmt, nlasl the poovji nfant has, over sincn its birth, continued, in pite of the. doctors, in a vary languishing I itate j uud even while we write, we huve I ?eceived the nfflictinn intelligence of its laving given up the ghost. But who does thu public suppose wore the originators of this portentous scheme? Who but Mr. Macdermott, the Editors oH the_, Chronicle and the Free Proas, nnd] (risum teneatia nmici'l) one Sloman, a spouting cobbler, who rejoices In the double sobriuuet of ' The Kintr of the Coblriers.' ind ' The frince ol Morocco/ How thankful onght the colonists of New South Wales to be that they are delivered from the fearful results of this ominous con clnve I Sir Walter Scott tells us that in the sixteenth century, it was a popular saying that «? if the Douglas and tho Hepburn plot together, the egg w'hen it was hatched,] would -scare Scotluud.'. So likewise if this political egg had once chipped the shell, dire and portentous would have been ihe shock to Australia. But tho mortified ambition which has sreated this «' tempest in a slop basin, ' this Lriehfteld House compact in a small way, must be pent-up till another oppor tunity offers. Popular opinion and the good j sense of our colonial world have put an extinguisher upon the flame, even when it begau1 to glimmer. No doubt a «reat deal more thunder and bluster may be expected from the 'discomfited Radical journals. In the meantimn, it is satisfactory to know #i,o» tin. PAtitinn Tommittee is on the point zealously commencing its important bours, the result of which will, we doubt 3t, procure for our Colony the Represen itive Institutions which wo so entirely and nanimously require at tho hands of the iritish Legislature. ' ' )ur renders may remember tnat aooiu r welve mouths ago, the Port Phillip Colo- I | lists sent home a Petition to the British ( ..egislaiure praying that the separation of h hat Province from tho rest of New South I , kVales, so obviously contemplated in Lord! rohn Russell's Despatch of the 3lst of Vlarch, 1840, should take place, not alone in io far us respected the Land Sales, but for ihe purpose of independent Government also. Their Petition was entrusted for pre- I sentation to MajorMercer. We extract, in another column, from the Port Philip Pa- \ triot of February 17th, a letter from that gentleman, which is so far gratifying to the inhabitants of the Colony generally, as it states^ upon the testimony of Majdr Mercer who had a personal inteiview with Lord Stanley, the sentiments of that nobleman j relative to the Division or the Territory. The public will perceive with great satis faction, upon the perusal of this letter, that Lord Stanley is altogether averse to the partition obviously contemplated by his predecessor in office. His words weie, that '? he disnpproved of a separation if it could I be avoided.' And, with reference to the grievance complained of by the Melbourne Colonists, that emigrants were gent to Syd ney at th« expense of./AaiY Land Fund, his T...»iui.in atnti-rl. thnt 'a nortion of the Fund should be exclusively applied to Aus tralia Felix.' This principle is, indeed, a just one, nor can our Southern neighbours deny but thnt it has been acted upon for a I considerable period of time past. A further rematk of Lord Stanley set at rest a question, which at the time, caused a great deal of ferment here. He declared that ' Maneroo Plains should not be included in the Port Phillip District.' With reference to tho independence of the Port Phillip people. Lord Stanley's impression at that time Buemed to have been ' that a Munici pal Corporation, with extended powers j oonfuled to a Lieutenant- Governor, would be sufficient to meet tlnii present wants.' The whole letter, however, is interesting enough to deserve careful perusal. The following remark in the same journal from which we extract Mnjor Mercer's let ter, tends to corroborate our own opinion, L« to Sir GeoreeGipps' discretionary powei, Bxpressea in iue ou^nou.*.-. — . ? * ? paper. # 1 «« It is also stated, and on good authority, thi-t Instructions have been sent-out to .the Colony empoweilng the Governor of New South WaU to fix the minimum value of |?n !d f put up for sale by auction in the « d«Ue | district al any priro he may tn his discretion think fit, no HrnHs being placed upon hiB I power either way.' r * We have read wlthpain the Reports In the Poit Phillip newpapers which record that Mr.Arden, the Editor of the Port Phillip \Gazotta, has been summarily aentanced by fudge Willis -to o twelvemonth's Imprison Lent, and a fine of £300 for « contempt ol Court in continued publlcntlona reflecting L« n T,«lcr« In the execution of his duty, ind tending to bring the administration or justice into contempt.' It appears that in an article In the Gazette of February 12th, the following, amongst many offensive passages appears i ' Still might there. bo a shadow °r«*ensfl ..._..;... ..«V«,.n who took upon himself tc h the censor of inomls, tue eBKiB-oyu» S of crime In olnce nnd at home, j»r til these, nnd yet will he continue day nfter ny to aat'r IbB; Interfero, annoy, and Injorcv byyevprymeana hi hi. powar. the conduct and chaiaotew of those around him I Now, with every possible doilre to pro. mote the Liberty of tho Press, wo cannot but tloolaro our decided oplulon, that Iti tho ibove pnssagpss, the writer hti3 lniu himieii i jpi-n to the charge of culpable and punish nble licentiousness. I For this libellous langunge, language which by implication accuses the individual attacked of nothing shor,t of nctual cniMB, | is, bo it recollected, used towards no com mon member of society. A charge of wickedness and immorality is directly aimed at a Judge of the land, at one who, by the sonctity of his judicial station, should be especially exemptfrom insult nnd from libel. ? *? it _ ? ? _*?.! 1.n*«n nnf Uf-1f1nin HO Ui a ncu *t*^i*»»»-'j ,...-._.. — -— . sxpressed our regret at the undignified rritnbility of Mr. Justice Willis's temper. But that a journalist should throw aspersions upon a, Judge's character, upon his moral worth, upon his private reputation, is an act of scandalous nnd criminal indiscretion. It is, moreover, both cruel and unmanly, | inasmuch as that judicial person possesses no* the usual powers or self-defence. We must express our opinion then, that Mr. Justice Willis adopted in this matter a pro ' ? ..,*,„ nnA thnt thn HRiitence oassed upon Mr. Arden was only commensurate with tho offence committod. It is high time that the series of continued and indecent attacks upon the Resident Judge, which have appeared in the columns of several ofour Port Phillip contemporaries, | were terminated by the arm of legal authority. If any person, occupying in society a high official position, commits, what may appear to a public journalist, an error in the dis. charge of a public duty, that journalist little ? t*^i ? il.. w.iannitf iuMaH Via flWPfl ttf- iinself, and that which he owes to liis readers, ?hen he conveys the expression of his dis pproval otherwise than in terms of courtesy nd discretion. He should be sensitively | live to the private feelings of his opponent, ,nd forbear to wound them. And while he ittacks with all strength of language the iction committed, or principle expressed, io should avoid that indecent and dis graceful personality, which has been the fiane of ahost of public writers and speakers, »nd will be the bane of many more. 