THE WINE QUESTION SETTLED. ' by the author of " anti-bacciius." It would be ungrateful in me not to acknowledge the kind reception with which " Anti-Bacchus" has; been favoured both in England and in America : while . it would be unseemly to repeat the very flattering terms in which persons from all parts of the country, have by private letters spoken of the work, or to record what the Press in England, Canada, America, fire., have said in its commendation. Though I lost the "prize" I believe I could show, that in " praise " the public has been as liberal to me as to my successful competitor. But while every chapter of Anti- Bacchus has had the approbation of writers distinguished, not. less for piety, than for their literary and scientific ac- quiremen's, those sections of the Work which relate to " Ancient Wines" have attracted most attention, and repeated applications have been made for their re-pub lication in a separate form, and, therefore, this treatise is offered to the public. But I wish the reader to ob serve that the present is not a reprint of the " Wine Question " from Anti-Bacchus. I have examined every quotation from classical writers again; have added several new facts ; have newly arranged the Work, and indeed have entirely re-written the whole ; so that while it gives a succinct account of Scripture wines, it by no means supersedes my former publi cation. Moderation may be said to he the depdt of drunk enness ; for while Teetotallers are annually reclaiming from immorality, misery, and death thousands of drunkards, their places are amply supplied from the ranks of those who boast that they are "mighty to drink" the poisonous beverages of our day. It is now ap parent to all reflecting minds, that the work of the Teetotallers will be interminable, so long as what is called moderation supplies such an efflux of drunkards. But this is not all, the Bible is said to be the bulwark . of moderation, and having, as they suppose, intrenched themselves with Scripture, our opponents bid defiance to every argument and to every appeal. From this position they must be driven before the work of Tee- totalism will be complete.' Nor is the task so hard as it may at first appear to some. I have never yet heard an argument drawn from Scripture in favour of the moderate useof intoxicating liquors, which was not based upon some misinterpretation of the words of the Holy Ghost. Science, history, literature, and cri ticism are alike trampled upon by our adversaries; we have, therefore, nothing to fear. Still we must not be inactive. Our cnuse is the cause of humanity, and the cause of God. . The glory of our Creator demands, that we should not allow the words of eternal life to become the instruments of death, and, therefore, we must show to the world, that the Bible cannot be made the "vade mecum" of the tippler, nor the "manual" of the pot house. The Americans have felt this point so deeply, that some of their first scholars have applied all their learning and science to the subject. With their works I am only acquainted byname, and, therefore, my own efforts in this department are entirely original; but although this be the case, my labours have been so favourably received across the Atlantic, that one gen tleman, E. C. Delevan, Esq., has, at his own cost, amounting to 400 dollars, put into circulation 26,000 copies of my chapters on Ancient Wines; and I am told that he says "it was money well spent." I am happy also to add, that his visit to Italy, and personal inquiries into the modern manufacture of wirie, have most fully confirmed my views respecting unfermented wines. My present Work 1 now place before the public. In it I have proved, that our bountiful Creator is not the author of intoxicating drinks ; that he has no where commended them in his word ; and, therefore, that .neither the drunkard, nor moderate drinker, can .sanction his practice from the word of God. Intoxi cating drinks are among those wicked "inventions," for which sinful man, since the fall, is notorious ; and as their production requires the most awful and reckless waste of the bounties of Divine Providence, their "use" even in moderation, is an "abuse." I have proved, that in the Scriptures two classes of wine are mentioned, the one innoxious, because unfermented, the other rendered stupefactive by drugs, or poisonous by fermentation. I have also shown, that in ancient times, water was the common beverage ; that even in nocent wines were luxuries rather than liquors in common use ; and that " to drink much wine," was un popular, and irreligious. Hence the Scripture pro- nounces the man who did this unfit to be a deacon of a-Christian church. And if driniking freely of an iiir nocent wine was sufficient to exclude from any office in the church, what would the apostle said of those who contemn every liquor which is not well charged with poison. The taste for alcoholic liquors is one of the most vitiated and destructive that has been ac quired or cherished by fallen man, and, therefore, it is the duty of every Christian to " cry aloud and spare not" until so depraved an appetite shall be annihilated, and which will not be the case until the liquor, which gave it birth, shall bo banished for ever. As the present publication was delivered in lectures to the friends of Temperance in different parts of the country, the reader will excuse some forms of expres sion which it was difficult to change, but which are more suited to a public address than to an essay. CHAPTER I. Introduction. — Apathy. — Ignorance. — Abuse of Scrip ture. — Science.— History. — Theword " Drunkenness." — Alcohol. — Drugs. — Arguments a priori. — 1. Al cohol a Poison.— 2. Ancient and Modern Wines must differ. — 3. The Word of God seems to command and condemn Wine. The evils arising from the use of intoxicating drinks are so numerous, so diversified, and so extensive, that there is "reason to fear that the immorality, disease, and death resulting therefrom, are now beeonle too common to .command attention, or awaken general sympathy. It has often been observed, that our com mon mercies, on account of their hourly occurrence, are unheeded. The undertaker, the coffin-maker, and the sexton are said to be the last men who turn pale "at a corpse, or shudder at a grave. Familiarity with death has, in too many instances, rendered the intel lect obtuse and the feelings callous. The same effect seems to have been produced, by having immediately under our eye, the crimes and miseries arising from drinking. The twang of the whip of the slave-driver, and the groans of abused bondmen and bondwomen of the west vibrated across the Atlantic, and pierced not only our ears, but our inmost souls, and awakened a sympathy which never slept until the power of the oppressor was broken. But how deeply it reflects on our moral and Christian character, that Jamaica and America should share our tears, command our prayers, and arouse our energies, at the very time that domestic slavery, of the foulest character, (for the slave of in toxicating drinks is, of all slaves, the most debased and most pitiable,) stares us in the face, and, in many cases, provokes nothing more than a smile. Thus has it been with the inhabitants of the slave-holding colo nies. Slavery was before their eyes, and far from being to them an object of aversion, was a system which bespoke their regard and patronage. Some even became so sentimental as to imagine that the re verberations of the cart-whip were so highly poetical as completely to drown the groans which arose from its inflictions. How similar is the case with us now. The sparkling bowl has enchanted the poet's muse, and reckless of ruined health, murdered genius, bro ken-hearted wives, aud starving children, he has sung of its inspirations, and brought like the priest of Moloch, the timbrel and pipe to drown the howlings of the sufferers. Who can tell, perhaps the tables may be turned ; and, as the pangs of slavery thrilled across to the east of the Atlantic, so the sufferings occasioned by drinking may vibrate to the west. The blacks are men of sympathy, and have hearts tenderly sensitive to human woe, and unless we emancipate ourselves from the chains of this desolating demon, some swarthy Clarkson or Wilberforce may rush to our rescue, and be our deliverer. The old charge of exaggeration brought against the anti-slavery party, is now daily reiterated against the friends of temperance ; but it is a query whether the evils arising from drinking are capable of exaggeration, and certain it is that a thou sandth part of the injury inflicted on the body, the mind, the comfort, the present and eternal destiny of man, has never as yet been told. Ignorance on this topic abounds, and is associated with the most fatal consequences. Some have said " That ignorance is the mother of devotion." and the imbibers of strong drink may for the most part subscribe to this senti ment, for their devotion to the cup of Bacchus is, in numerous instances, the result of ignorance; but wa trust that the glorious light promulgated by temperance societies, will eventually banish from the human bosom all that affection which the god of wine hath so long shared, and in the end dash every bowl and raze every temple, and demolish every altar of Bacchus on the face of the earth. In countries blessed with revelation, it has for ages been customary to press the holy oracles and the au thority of antiquity, into the service of vice and igno rance. Against the preaching of the GoBpel by the Apostles, the law of Moses was urged. Against the enterprise of Columbus, the doctors of the Church marshalled the nuthority of the Fathers and the Pro phets. Satan dreaded the discovery of America, and, like the Witch of Endor, brought up Isaiah and Augustine to defeat the undertaking. Jenner and Vaccination were anathematised on the pretended au thority of the word of God ; and now, behold ye, as if to show that " there is nothing new under the sun," the Bible is quoted as the text- book of tipplers, and, with matchless consistency, the old heathen poets of Greece and Home are said, in this particular, to add their sanction to that of revelation. To vindicate the sacred volume, and the character of the ancients from the stigma with which they are thus branded, is the design of the present essay ; and we trust that the ar guments and evidence about to be adduced will satisfy every candid person, that the Scriptures are far from affording the least sanction to our modern intoxicating drinks, or drinking customs and practices. In discussing this- subject we shall appeal to the laws of science and the authority of history. I need not say that science means a correct know ledge of the laws and operations of nature, or add that the laws of nature are immutable. I take it for granted, that nnimal substances,, decomposed in water, would, in all ages, produce phosphoretted hydrogen, and that this gas, on rising to the surface, would sponta neously ignite, and produce the ignis fatuus, or Will- o'-the-wisp. I take it for granted, that water froze, boiled, and was converted into steam at the same degrees of heat in the days of Adam as in this day. I conclude that sugar, starch, oxalic acid were as cer tainly composed of the same proportions of oxygen, hydrogen, and carbon in the days of Noah as at the present time. These remarks are made to illustrate what is meant by the immutable laws of nature or of science, to which I shall appeal. For on the admis sion of these premises, which every scientific reasoner must admit, I conclude, that the same quantities and proportions of saccharine matter and yeast, and the same degrees of dilution and heat were needed for the vinuous , or acetous fermentation a thousand or four thousand years ago as are requisite now and that whether in the days of Christ or MathuselalCthe snme grape juice that will now begin to ferment at 45 deg. of heat, would have fermented at 45 deg. then, and produced alcohol ; and that then, as well as now, 75 deg. of heat would originate the acetous fermentation, and produce vinegar. - From these observations will be understood what 1 intend by drawing a portion of my arguments from the immutable laws of science. In reference to the use I shall make of history, no prefatory observations are needed. The authors ard qutoations "will speak for themselves, and I think will show the inconsistency and absurdity of making our drinking taste and customs the standard, by which to judge of the tastes and practices of the ancients. Just as rational would it be to burn all history, and boldly avow that the costume of the British ladies in 1838 is the very identical mode of dress adopted by Arab females in the days of Mose3, or to declare that Eng lish roast beef and "plum pudding, was the savoury meat which Isaac loved, and Esau prepared, as to affirm, without the least appeal to history, that because we relish high brandied wines or strongly fermented liquors, therefore they were relished by the Romans, the Greeks, and the Jews, two thousand years ago. Let it then be clearly understood, that the only dif ference between the sentiments of the present lecture and those of its opponents, hinges solely on the differ ence that exists between the authority that is due to prejudice or facts. We shall endeavour to adduce ancient history versus prejudice anil modern custom, and leave it to the candid to conclude which ought to prevail. (To be continued.) 