MISCELLANEOUS. KNOWING GREEK BY SIGHT.—A shoe- maker in Picadilly, determined to astonish the world had put up a motto from Euripideas over his window. Bannister happend to be passing with Porson. "That is Greek," said Bannister. " What ? are you acquainted with Greek?" asked the Professor, with a laugh. "I know it by sight" was the happy reply. A GHOST OUTWITTED. A short time ago, a joke, too good not to be narrared, was played upon a jolly old worth at one of our inns, in the town of —. [This] scion of the Bacchanalian school, be it un- derstood, laid siege to the bottle and [illegible] for several days. Some of his red-[illegible] companions being aware of the circumstances and thinking that he was doing it rather hard, agreed upon trying an experiment to frighten him into more sober way. Night being fixed upon for the joke, awaythey went, to the inn described, and there found his worship in a back parlour, quite [illegible]- cated, and fast asleep. Whilst in this ap- parently happy state he was taken and placed full- length inside a coffin, which had been procured for the job. Having slept in the receptacle for the dead for some three or four hours, he awoke, and upon raising him- self up he gazed about him, first on one side of the coffin and then on the other, mutter- ing to himself as he viewed the melancholy piece of furniture. " Whare am I ? Where have I gotten to ?" Whilst in the act of saying so, a tall portly, looking figure, shrouded in a white sheet, walked from a large cupboard, and on marching up to the box faintly whispered "You are dead." "Dead ? said the disciple of Bacchus fixing his eyes steadfastly on the object before him "Ay, an' how lang hae I been dead" "A week," answered the ghost. "An are you dead too ?" "Yes," replied the [specter] "Hech, sirs, and how lang hae ye [been] dead I say." "A fortnight," said the ghost. Here then lad," responded the interrogator putting his hand into his pocket, "Ye [illegible] this place better than I do, bring us two bottles o' yill." This was too good for the ghost, and before he could well get out of the room, he burst into an immoderate [illegible] of laughter.—Glasgow Payer. POVERTY.—Have the courage to appear poor, and you disarm poverty of its sharpest sting. 