MISCELLANEOUS. Braham's " Death of Nelson " and Lady Hamilton. Mr. Samuel Spring, formerly the box book-keeper of Drury-lane Theatre, was what is called a character, and had acquired an excessive faith in Mattlievrs'a infallibility in all things connected with his mental faculties; and Matthews, discovering this, was always saying or doing something (previously contrived) that ensured the increas- ing wonder and reliance upon the gifted powers of the comedian. After the burning down of the two great patent theatres, the Drury-lane company acted at the Lyceum and in 1810 an opera was performing there in which Braham sung a very popular song, the " Death of Nelson." Matthews, conversing with Lady Hamilton, was questioned by her as to the merits of the new opera, at the same time stating her intention of accompanying some friends of hers to the theatre that evening. Matthews considerately advised her ladyship to forego her intention, explaining that there was a song in the piece the subject of which would touch her feelings and distress her very much. Whether Lady Hamilton forgot this prudent warning, or whether she suffered her desire to listen to the hero's praise to overcome her apprehension of the result or from whatever cause, it so fell out that Matthews perceived the lady duly sealed in a private box, with her adopted Horatio at her side. It needed no ghost to tell Matthew! the scene that would follow and as soon, therefore, as he quitted the stage, seeing Spring, he thus addressed him, first taking out his watch, and looking at it with a solemn and earnest expression of face-" Spring, I give you notice that, at about twenty minutes past nine o'clock, "the usual period when the " Death of Nelson " occurred,-" a large lady now sitting in the stages opposite will be taken very ill, and will require assistance. Do not be out of the way, but at the time mentioned be ready with a glass of water and a smelling bottle, for she will be attacked with a violent fit at the period I have mentioned." Spring looked into Matthew's face with a faint smile upon his lips, which immediately subsided into a thoughtful expression of countenance. At length' the critical period arrived. Braham began his song and before the second verse was finished, sobs and cries were heard all over the small theatre. Spring rushed into the green-room pale as his shirt, and, seizing the water, hastened to the fatal box, exclaiming with an awestruck voice, as he hastily passed Matthews behind the scenes,-" Oh, sir, you are a con- juror- the lady is in strong convulsions In Fraser's Magazine for December. A clergyman in a parish church not 100 miles from Poole, having put a notice into the clerk's hand a few Sundays since, stating that the services would be morning and evening, and morning and afternoon, alternately, honest Roger improved upon it, and said that the service would be to " all eternity a "Salisbury Herald. " Are you partial to shooting ages' Not exactly ; but I have a corn that is." " Come, and take pot luck," as the cook said to the live lobster. " Now, give us a good blow out," as the organ said to the bellows Punch. The following are a few of the arrangements which it is contemplated would be effected by the earthquake : It is thought that one of Mr. Ferrand's enormous stories about the manufacturers may possibly be swallowed. There is every reason to hope that the Whigs will be taken back into their places by the convulsion alluded to. Ilia expected that Highgate Hill will go down into 'Camden Town, and that the ministerial majority will fall so low that it never will get up again. St. Paul's Cathedral will be driven into the Thames Tunnel, and the House of Commons will be carried into the common sewer, in the great disturbance of the rats in both places. -Ibid. 