To the Editor of the Perth Gazette. SIR,—As my letter signed "An Obser- vor" has led to a most unwarrantable and audacious attack on the Wesleyan Mis- sionary in this place, charging him with being the writer of that letter, and heaping upon him abundance of abuse; I feel in duty bound to offer a few more remarks on the subject; first, to defend injured cha- racter, and secondly, if not to convince, yet to convict the unprincipled Editor of the Inquirer. Whoever the "Observor" may be, it is evidently not the business of the Editor of the Inquirer to interfere, unless he is vain enough to think that he alone can defend his church and friends, or that it affords a good opportunity to get rid of his periodical overflowing of spleen. His honest friends will allow, he has sought occasion to scatter fire brands, arrows, and death around. Without any proof, he and they, treat the Wesleyan Missionary (as far as they dare,) as their fathers treated the Wesleyans in the beginning of the I8th Century, when the Clergy, Magistracy, and lovers of Church, did assemble and persecute all separatists from the church. Though the Wesleyan Missionary be the "Observor," he had nothing to he ashamed of, because, in the letter nothing is said against the church herself, but against the unfaithfulness of her sons. The Editor writes of high and evangelical church, and that "the two parties only differ in non- essentials." Now, herein he shews he knows not what he writes, or perverts the truth:—for (as he will have it,) he must be told, that essentials are awfully deviding the church of England at this day;—hence Puseyism, or semi-catholicism, and ere long that hierachy will be dissolved, or amal- gamated, unless the church arises, and purges out the bad leaven. In this land too the church will fail in its legitimacy of character if a reformation in her ministry and people does not take place. People may adhere to a parish church, and hear reading and preaching, but these will not atone for sins and abominations which pre- vail in the land. Truly it may be said, "in faith ye possess him, but in works ye deny him.'' The Editor of the Inquirer wishes to cajole the Wesleyans into a cameleon cha- racter like his own; he styles them "the respectably and respected Wesleyan body." This is the plainest cant he ever wrote;— nay, it is worse, it is deep, foul hypocrisy; he does not believe them respectable (al- though they have and maintain such a character, by honesty and integrity,) he knows, he feels, he believes that he hates the Wesleyans,—he hates them because they have told him the truth, and will not sup- port his disreputable paper, to abuse them. He hates them because, their faith and works condemn him and his evil ways. Yet with all his hate, he presumptuously hopes that some of them will answer his inquiries; as though they could not see, that it is not the Colonial Society, nor church, itself, nor rights or wrongs of any one, nor the respectability of any, he cares about;—No! he simply thinks he may assail the Wesleyan Missionary. There can be no doubt the Editor of the Inquirer is the most perfect moral came- leon of the day. A cameleon is thus de- scribed by Abbott, "in the English Bible the cameleon is transformed into the mole." Liv. 11. 30. Le Brun says "I have ob- served when I have kept one of my came- leons shut up in a house, if it be watched it will be seen to change every ten minutes. Some moments a plain green, at others all its beautiful colours will come out, and when in a passion it becomes of a deep black, and will swell itself like a balloon, and from being one of the most beautiful animals it becomes the most ugly. Its chief food is flies, and when it drinks, it drinks for half an hour at a time." But what of this? Just this much, the editor referred to often changes color. The other week he assailed the doings of the Church Colonial Society; —called upon the committee to prevent the pious abuse of public monies, in the mono- poly and appropriation of the funds for the coming missionary on the Upper Swan, and hoped that his castigation would serve, or he would give them another. Now, he would seem as though he defended them, because he thinks the Wesleyan Missionary has troubled himself about them. Another week he even praised the doings of the Wes- leyan Missionary (uncalled for and un- thanked) and now no abuse, or scandal, or reproach, is too great for him. Is not this conduct cameleon like? After this who can know the man? There is no doubt he is an hireling,—to-day he may be green, to-morrow black,—to-day scarcely seen,— to-morrow blown up into the size of a balloon. I wish the cameleon Editor sorrow in his heart for his coat of many colours. Again, I must make a further observation on his claim to be of the church. "We have been treated, says he, with impertinent sneers at church institutions." He of the church! what a pity he should have made such a mistake, surely he is not identified with her, if so she has a sorry member, and a much worse advocate. Be it kept in mind he only is a good churchman, who believes her creed, articles, and homilies, and whose principles and conduct are go- verned by them, but if a man wantonly, knowingly and willingly violates them, then he is no good churchman. Let those who charge others with inflaming the pub- lic mind, take care that they do not deal in the "fire-brands, arrows," &c;, and hold their peace. Let them reform and repent, then, and not until then, attempt to uphold church and state institutions. Allow me to bestow a slight remark on the letter signed "O. O." That writer asks the Observer what was his motive— was it Christian? To which it is replied: the object was to show that all the doubts spoken in public, and written, concerning the "Orthodox Episcopacy" of the society, were amongst themselves and no others. That the £3,000 had been expended on the rich and wealthy; that such an expenditure was a perversion of the funds; and that before they attempted to beg again, they should give liberally and cheerfully of their abundance. All of these particulars the writer "O. O.," and the honorable Editor, take no notice of. Why?—because the mis-appropriation of British benevolence, stares them in the face, like a ghost, de- manding restitution of the monies so mis- employed. As to the abuse the Editor of the Inquirer deals out upon the Wesleyan Missionary, and his people,—(for they are one)—they value his blame more than his praise, for when bad men praise men, it is a bad sign. It will soon be seen who have missed their way and vocation. Editors cannot always weild the "madman's sword" especially if they are not honest in their transactions. If the dead could speak, and the living were to make their just demands together, they would drag, without a moment's warning, some men off the stage of life to dark Tartarus. Believing that my observations this week will be interpreted as usual, as coming from pride, inferiority, or any thing that is not good, I close by saying, be it so! It is all alike to me since the truth is told. Yours truly, AN OBSERVOR. 