LORD ASHLEY AND THE CHILDREN IN MINES AND COLLIERIES. -o (From the True Tablet.) Op Wednesday night Lord Ashley brought under the notice of the house of commons the subject of the grievous condition of the children in the English and Scotch mines and collieries. It is difficult to overrate the importance of the services which this estimable nobleman is rendering to the country by his labours on behalf of its juvenile pppulation. While the rest of the members of our popular representation are engaged in the most despicable party struggles, or in the most thoroughly selfish contests for pelf and profit, Lord Ashley has chosen the better part of keeping his hands uncon taminated by this dirty work, and devoting his energies to the actual service of the people, whose interests he is deputed to represent. It is a pheno. menon worth noting in the history of this philan. throple, ostentatious, insincere, and hollow age, that a member of parliament who devotes himself to the practical amelioration of the condition of the poor, is a phenomenon. It is also not undeserving of observation, that while the manufacturers, of all the wealthy of our community, have (in words) taken under their especial protection the rights of the working classes, the suffering children, who are born under (what slrouldbe) the protection of these disinterested tribunes of the people, are fain to employ as their counsel-not a manufacturer, but an agriculturist; not a wealthy plebeian, but a young lordling; not the representative of a northern town, but of a southern county. The "friends of the people," par excellence, are extremely anxious to have more money to distribute among them in the shape of wages, because out of wages and what they produce come profits, and out of profits come the" luxuries and comforts of life. But these gen. tlemen, though undoubtedly very zealous in this their way of relieving human woe, have not displayed any . extraordinary alacrity in co-operating with others who would try more direct methods of attain ing the same end-methods less obviously suggest. ing the notion of profit 'to their clear-seeing and perspicacious intellects. In fact, Lord Ashley has had to fight a hard uphbill battle on behalf of the poor agaitrst their " best friends." By degrees, it is true, and. at last, he has half shamed some of them into a kind of wordy zeal in behalf of his long cherished projects. But, on the whole, even now, the general impression, we believe, on the minds of most of these town patriots is, that poor Lord Ashley is something of a green- horn,; rather a soft.headed noodle; a dilettante meddler with .matters far too dillicult for his superficial comprehension; in short, a presumptuous coxcomb, who had far better stay at home and attend to sheep shearing than interfere with the operations of "supply and demandl," the natural relations of master and workman, which now, under :the guidance of a true commercial spirit, have very nearly reached the acme of per fection. It is a thousand pities that these wonderful theories, though of such magical potency in Mart. chester and other cotton towns, can hardly sustain themselves long when brought out from the smoke and smother of these fiery furnaces into the open light of day. There is an instinct of humanity (thank God) which sooner or later succeeds in dashing to pieces the self-interested theories of commercial sophists. Men feel that sophisms of cruelty are not truths, but lies. They cannot answer them perhaps; they cannot very clearly pick holes, in the sham logic by which they are main. tained; they fear sadly that the chain~of inference is wholly above their strength to tear iasiunder; but some how or other, by logic if they.ca sno manage it, or against logic, if itrmay be no beter, they came to i know, and to be sure, that no law of a merciful God, but only the, iniquity and the folly of man, have doomed the children ofthe poor to squander and use up the great capital of their existence in the few short years of infancy. The effect of short. time-bills upon wages and employment they cannot perhaps very nicely understand ; but they know ell that it cannot be right for a being destined for eternity to be compelled to employ the morning of its days in a manner that must inevitably mar the prospects of its eternity. These things it may be difficult to remedy, but they feel no doubt that for such things there must be a remedy; that the folly, greediness, craft, and indolence of men aretthe laws, not of God, but of the devil; are evils to be over come by the never-flagging exertions of devout and humane persons. And thus, though the arguments of the economists against all statutory interference with labour seem oftentimes to be irresistible, they, wiser than the economists, have no hesitation in pronouncing these arguments to be foolishness, and their theories a delusion and a lie. Luckily the arguinments are not by any means so formidable as those who employ them imagine. The wisdom of the heart ansthat of the intellect coincide in the long run, anil every unhallowed sophism, though it confound the brains for a time, must, after all, fall by ,the hands of that very logic from which it appeared .to de~rive its support and nourishment. Sarnethiirg' of this kind ori process has been at work in this very matter. Poor Lord Ashley, and all the advoicate, of legislative Interference with the sacred rights of the employers of labor, were once run down as wild and visionary theorists, deserving almost of "the dark house and the whip." But at leng~th a better teachring than that of " economy" 'baa begun to assert her righrsful supremacy. 'fie acorn has very riiuch disappeared from tire face of day; the opposition ha. considerably reissed; she .Jreceaaity ofA" doing asmetlring" has become gene. rally admitted, And at lesgBh, when Lord Ashley shifts his ground a little, and proposes to legislate, not for the manufacturers, but for the miners and colliers, ho is greeted with a universal hymn, of praise from allib ah tauncirest and stoniest advocates of Erae trade.' Itndeed, frof'the tone of the debste oin 'ruesday night, it would appear as if in this all important subject' Lard Ashley hrad little oppo sition to encounter; and that, in fact, he might congratulate himself on a quiet walk over she Let us leave for a maooens these general can siderationa, and came down to a closer exeminarion of details. For ethe evils which afflict the arapro* tooted miniag population, Lord Ashley proposes four remedies r (1) The excluslon of all females from rhe mines; (2) she exclusion of all children under thirteen years of age; (3) thre non employment of persorrsgi-er twenty-one yeats of age as engiuears; s'.. (4) the entire abolition of tire system of appren ticeship, and she cancelling 'of all existing inden tures, Tire nature of tirese remedies, stringent and uncompromising as they ate, sufficiently declares the eatent of the evil that can justify simm-if indeed they can he justified. Let us see, then, what Is the nature of sire evidence on the various points pro' vided for in his lordshlp's bill. First, then, as so th employment of women in the tminee.' It appearv hat this miserable practice does rnot prevails universally. YIn the southern parts of sire West Riding of Yorkshire,'he nelghrbourhood ti Btradford, Leeds, sod Halifax, in Lancashire and Cheshire, In the east offScotlaud, and In South Wales, Ii preivails chiefly. Ira macny of the principal coal fields-Durham, Staffordshire, and generally the midland, and western parts of England-this abuse is not known. It is of course impossible for us to do more than give a very short and meagre statement of this or of any other part of the subject, and for fuller particulars we must refer those of our readers who take an interest in the subject (as which of them must not) to the popular digests of the evi. dence which have been printed for general circula. tion, and of one of which' we gave an account some weeks ago. The following particulars from the Yorkshire district will, however, give our readers some little insight into the nature of the abuse com plained of: " Girls." says the sub-commissioner, " regularly perform all the various ofirees of trapping, hurrying, 61ling, riddling, tipping, and occasionally getting, just as they are performed by boys. One of the most disgusting sights 1 have ever seen was that of young females, dressed like boys in trousers, crawling on all fours, with belts round their waists and chains passing between their legs, at day pits at Hanshelf Bank, and in many small pits near Holmfrith and New Mills. It exists also in several other places. I visited the Hunshtelf Colliery on the 18th of January: it is a day pit; that is, there is no shaft or descent; the gate, or entrance, is at the side of a bank, and nearly horizontal. The gate was not more than a yard high, and in some places not above two feet. When I arrived at the board or workings of the pit, I found at one of the sideboards down a narrow passage a girl of fourteen years of age, in boy's clothes, picking down the coal with the regular pick used by the men. She was half sitting, half lying at her woIk, and said she found It tired her very much, and ' of course she didn't like it.' The place where she was at work was not two feet high. Further on were men at work, lying on their asides and getting. No less than sal girls, out of eighteen men and children, are employed in this pit. Whilst I was in the pit, the Rev. Mr. Bruce, of Wadsley, and the Rev. Mr. Nelson, of Rlotherham, who accompanied me, and remained outside, saw another girl of ten years of age, also dressed in boy's clothes, who was em ployed in hurrying, and these gentlemen saw her at work. She was a nice looking little child, but of course as black as a tinker, and with a little necklace round her throat. In two other pits, in the Huddersfield Union, 1 have seen the same sight. In one near New Mills, the chain, passing high up between the legs of two of those girls, had worn, large holes in their trowsers; and any sight more disgustingly indecent or revolting can scarcely be imagined than those girls at work ; no brothel can beat it. On descending Messrs. Hopwood's pit, at Barnsley, 1 found assembled. round the fire a group of men, boys, and girls, some of whom were of the age of puberty, the girls as well as the boys stark naked down to the waist, their hair bound up with a tight cap, and trousers supported by their hips. (At Silkstono and at Flockton they work in their shifts and trousers,) Their sex was recognizable only by their breasts, and some little difficulty occa. sionally arose in pointing out to me which were girls and which were boys, and which caused a good deal of laughing and joking. In the Flockton and Thornhill pits the system is even more indecent; for though the girls are clothed, at least three. fourths of the men, for whom they ' hurry,' work stark naked, or with a flannel waistcoat only, and in this state they assist one another to fill the curves 18 or 20 times a day. I have seen this done myself frequently."-(J. C. Symons, Esq., Report, § III. et seq.: App., Pt. I., pp. 181, 182.) Let us soe how this general description is borne out by particular evidence of the parties them. selves: Mary Glover, aged thirty-eight, at Messrs. Foster's, Ringley-bridge: " 1 went into a coal pit when I was seven years old, and began by being a drawer. I never worked much in the pit when I was in the family way ; but since I gave up having children I have begun a bit. I wear a shift and a pair of trousers when at work. I always will have a good pair of trousers. I have had many a twso. pence given me by the boatmen on the canal to show my breeches. I never saw women woeirnaked, but 1 have seen men work without breeches ao the neigh. bourhood of Bolton. I remember seeing a man who worked stark naked." (App. I. p. 214.) William Cooper, aged seven years, thrutcher, at Almond's:-" There are about twenty wenches, drawers, in the pit I work in. They are nigh naked; they wear trousers; they have no other clothes except shifts." (Ibid., p. 224.) Fanny Drake, aged fifteen, who had worked at Charlesworth's Wood-pit for more than six years, said : "I work for James Greenwood ; he is no kin to me. I have a riglet and a shift and petticoat on in the pit. I have had a pair of trousers. The getter I work with wears a flannel waistcoat when he is poorly, but when he is quite well he wears nothing at all." (App. I. p. 280.) Nanny Margerson, aged sixteen, who works in the same pit, says t " 1 wear a pettl , and shill, and stays.. The man I work for w nought; he is stark naked. I don't like being in the pit. I have four sisters, and three work in the pit." (Ibid.) The following passages relate to various parts of Lancashire: Patience Kershaw, aged seventeen t " I hurry in the clothes I have now got on-trousers and ragged jacket; the bald place upon my head is made by thrusting the corves ; the getters that I work for are naked except their caps ; they pull off all their clothes; all of the men are naked." (App. II., 1\o. 26; p. 108, 1. 8.)-Mary Barrett, aged four. teen : " 1 work always without stockings, or shoes, or trousers; I wear nothing but my shift; 1 have to go up to the headings with the men; they are all naked there ; I am got well used to that, and don't care now much about it; I was afraid at fiat, and did not like it." (Ibid., p. 122, 1. 54.) Henry Eaten, Ringley Bridge, Bolton, surveyor of coal mines s " I have been sixteen years and upwards connected with coal mines, and I have been in almost all the pits in the neighbourhood of Bolton, Bury, Rateliff, Lure, and Roctadair. There are women in all the p its in those neighbour. hoods, I cannot say in which pats there are sthe most employed; they are employed in all; they are used as drawers." (J. L. Kennedy, Esq., evidence, App. 1P. 11., p. 208 1. 66.)-John Mlillingson, superintendent of the collieries of Mr. Ashton, at Hyde: "They (sthe women whilst at wotk) wear a pasir of drawers which come dawn nearly to the knees, and some women a small handkerchief abut their necks; hut 1 have seen many a one with her breasts hanging out, 'The girls are not a bit ashamed amongst thtir own pit set; it is the same as if they were one family." (Ibid, p. 202, 1. 20.) 'The moral consequences of this state of things it would be almost impossible for us to describe, even if we had the space. 'ftse condition of the women in these districts is most horrible. Far more dis- salute, debauched, and profligate than even the men; lost to all sense of shame, thoroughly an sexed in theig minds, and rendered utterly unfit for the performance of any one domestic daly-their eniploynment, which is In no respect necessary, and Is condemned in the most emphatic manner by the colliers themselves, Is ose of the moat awful signs and symptoms of evil arising from culpable neglect, or positive wickedness, that can possibly be Ima gined. But, horrible as this practice is on the score of morality, It is hardly lees frightful on the ground of mere physical inhumanity, We select the fol lowing partIculars from Lard Ashley's speech: The report stated, " Is this way they drag, some 12,000, saome 14.700, or some 16,000 yards daily, In the east oh Scotland, the persoas employed in coal besriog are almost always girls and women, 'They carry coal an their backs in unrolled roads, with burdens varying from I ewI, to 3 ewt,, ' a cruel slaving.' says the sub commissioner, ' revolting to humanity.' 'lie found one little girl only six years. old, carrying ½ cwt., and making regularly fourteen long journeys a day (hear, hear); carrying burdens varying from I to lj) ewe., the Iseigt ascended and the distance along the roads adde together, exceed In each joursey the height of 8t. Paul's cathedral; and It not unfrequestly happens that the tugs break, sod the load halls supon those females who are followlog, who are of course struck off the ladders, and precIpitated into .ehe abyss ***Tle Cotndttiot and revatment otf thae Chlidren employed In itse ltne s aid Colhlerles of uSte tlaInhe Kingdom." Len. dntah ta'reprIlSte. W glid to sas that ard Ashley's below. However incredible it may be (added the commissioncr), yet I have taken the evidence of fathers who had ruptured themselves by straining to lift coals on their children's backs' (hear, bear). But bad as this state of things might be for women in general, it was perfectly horrible for pregnant women. ' 1 have a belt round my waist,' says Betty Harris, * and a chain passing between ray legs, and I go on my hands and feet; the road is very steep, and we have to hold by a rope, and when there is no rope, by anything we can catch hold of. It is very hard work for a woman. The pit is very wet; I have seen water up to my thighs, . . . . My clothes are wet through almost all day long. . . . I have drawn till I have had the skin off me; the belt and chain is worse when we are in the family way.' ' A woman,' stated another witness, ' has gone home, taken to her bed, been delivered of a child, and gone to work again under the week' (hear). ' I had a child,' says Betty Wardle, * born in the pit, and brought it up the pit shaft in my skirt.' ' I have had,' says another,' three or four children born the same day that I have been at work, and have gone back to my work nine or ten days after ; four out of eight were still born.' 'The oppression of coal bearing,' says Elizabeth Thompson,' ' is such as to injure women in after life; and few exists whose legs are not injured, or haunches, before they are thirty years of age.' Jane Watson states. 'that she has had two dead children; thinks it was so from the oppressive wotk. A vast number of women have dead children, and false births, which is worse, as they are not able to work after the latter. I have always been obliged to work below till forced to go home to bear the bairn, and so have all the other women. We return as soon as able, never longer than ten or twelve days ; many less if they are much needed (hear, hear). It is only horse work, and ruins the women ; it crusLes their haunches, beeds their ancles, and makes them old women at forty,'. Again, another witness said, ' women fre quently miscarry below, and suffer much after. Vast numbers of women are confined before they have time to change themselves' (hear, hear). ' We are worse off than horses,' says one poor girl, ' as they draw on Iron rails, and we on flat flours.' One nice old woman, Isabel Hogg, said, ' From the sair labour false births are frequent and very dangerous. Collier people suffer much more titan others. You must just tell the Queen Victoria that we are quiet, loyal subjects; women-people here don't mind work, but they object to horse work ; and that she would have the blessings of all the Scotch coal women if she would get them out of the pits, and send them to other labour' " (hear, hear). So much as to the employment of women. That of male children of very tender years comes next, and we are sorry to say that we can afford such very little space for the details of this and the remaining portions of the subject. Suffice it to say, that no words can do justice to it. Children are taken down into the mines at the very earliest period that it is possible for them to be of the smallest utility. They are taken sometimes, not from school, but before school time. One instance is mentioned of a child of three years of age being taken down. "Some are so young that they go in their bed. gowns." An agent to one of the Welsh colleries, says, that " children are taken down as soon as they can crawl." Four years old is by no means an. unusual age for them to begin work. Five, six, and seven are ordinary ages. Those who have not seen the evidence may wonder at the kind of work about which these poor little creatures can possibly be employed. The answer is, that they are compelled to sit for twelve hours in succession, for the most part in perfect solitude, and in absolute darkness, to attend to the trap doors through which the waggons pass, and upon due attention to which depends the proper ventilation of the pits. A more shocking punishment than this solitary confinement in a dark pit cannot be ima gined. Of the numbers who are to confined it is impossible to give an accurate statement. Some details, however, seem as if they were to be relied on. In South Gloucestershire, out of 660 children below 18 years of age, 260 were under 13 years of age, and, consequently, would be excluded from the pits by Lord Ashley's bill. In South Staffordshire, out of 337 below 18, 94 were below 13 years of age. About Halifax and Bradford, out of 1199 under 18 years of age, 471 (or more than half) were under 13 years. In Derbyshire there were, under 13 years. 725; between 13 and 18, 616. In York shire there were, under 13 years, 1120; between 13 and 18, 1527. This may give some notion of the numbers of unfortunate children who are dragged, at the very earliest periods of their lives, from all moral and domestic culture ; habitually trained to the lowest brutality and ferocity; made familiar with the most loathsome debauchery; withdrawn from the light of day, and all possibility of inspec. tioD, and exposed, unprotected, to the savage out. rages of the worst ruffians of this most lawless of populations. In the case of the miner's own chil dren, there is, indeed, the natural check of paternal feeling, which (when the children work for their parents, as they constantly do) is by no'means an insignificant protection. But the orphan or pauper children, apprenticed to the trade by overseers, feel the full weight of this horrible oppression. Even under other circumstances the sufferings of these poor children are shocking. Robert Tweedale, aged fourteen, Oldham : "The getter he thrutched for was a wicked old fellow, named Charles Hill; once he bit him by the thigh, and lifted him to the roof in his mouth; many a time he bit him on the side of his head, Worked wtith him a year, and has been withs tim four times over. Hie bit him because he bad no strength so lift the tub on the rails whsen he came to them in the mainwey. Because he could not werk suith himn *grately' (kindly) left him." (App, 1l., No. 12, 'p, 650, 1. 16.) Joseph Waring, aged ten, Cheeaedes, in Lanca. shire, says: "* At Clieceeden lie was badly used, Sometimes when he got his sticks wrong, Billy Bobby Yeatea (sthe man he worked for) got him to tlte end of tite run and beat bing with the pitk handle, Sometimes he got a stick to lick hsim with; Ihie pick htaum was the worst, Stayed half a year there, and then he gotill from being beat, Should not have been ill i f e had not been beaten' he was beat because lie had not atrength to keep ils turn; could not draw so much as the otheras." (App., part II, p. 8t2.) William Forrest, aged fifteen antI thtree~quarters " Sometimes witen tared he would slop, and then he was always licked; never spoke brfars lie licked him (with a strap); did sometimes speak first, and ask witut be had been doing; sometimes they would hit us with a pick handle, When be wvas at Ueorge Yates's he was caught in tlte side with a pick handle by Joseph Eccies, and it knocked him over;* his was sick, and was obliged to he taken out of sthe pit; never went to woik for lthres days " (lbfd., p. 811.).-[Sub- commiasioner-' Mr. Whalley, the relieving ollicer, who was preaent, said that Slits and the preceding witness were so bad lie did not thitnk they would recover; it was owing to the tillusagir."j William H-ois, aged eighsteen, lied D~olf pit, Over. Darwen, Blackbutn s "* i-as been beat with pick baum, hammer, and lumps of wood; sever ~made any bruises; some as gets their legs bioke with ii, striking too hard, and (the striker) dees sot think o1 it; has seen when they gotten an eye knocked out by whizzing atones at them, Does nut beat his drawers yet; does not mean to. Some as is great ones dots it to them as Is not their own," (ibid., p. 813.) Nor Is the treatment of the female children mitch more conalderate in some districts, William Dyson, aged fourteen, Italifax a "*I have seen her (hit warkmate, Sarah Ambler) thrashed sassy times, When asoe does not please themi, they rap her In the face and knock her down, I repeat, I have seen this many times," (App. I1, p. 103.) Margaret Gomley, aged nines "*Thtey flog us down I. the pit, sometlmes witlh their hand uponm bottom, whirls husttamevery much. ThomasCoe land flo a me more thanoncein a day, whitch mae me cry (Ibid. p. 103.) ' Harriet raves, aged eleven i ' What made me cry when yost came down was because Ibbotson had been braving (beating) me; he flung a piece of coal as big as my head at me, and it struck me in my back." (" In the gate," says the sub-commissioner, " I met the deponent, Harriet Craven, crying very bitterly. She informed me her getter had been bearing her very cruelly, because she was then about to leave her wotk (five o'clock) before she had hurried sufliciently for his purpose. Both herself and sister informed me that he was constantly in the habst of ill-treating them. The several marks upon their persons, which they showed me, were sufficient proofs of it.") (Ibid., p. 123.) We wished to add some remarks upon the causes and circumstances of this revolting state of things; but we are prevented by the want of space. Even at the risk of troubling our readers with matter which they may have seen elsewhere, we felt it to be an absolute duty to record in our columns some faint outline at least of the enormities which make the heart sink, and the frame shudder at the bare recital of them. Any comments upon them we must defer for the present; but in order to put our readers in possession of the full extent of one part of the evil, we will just add a few words on a branch of the subject which has attracted less attention than it deserves, but upon which Mr. O'Connell, at the meeting of the Institute, dwelt with much force and effect. We allude to the state of religious know. ledge in come of the mining districts. Mr. O'Con. nell quoted a variety of instances where children displayed an entire ignorance of the mere elements of religious knowledge; of the meantig of the word God; of the existence of our blessed Re deemer, &c.;, &c.; On hearing such statements one would be ready to imagine that these were mere isolated instances of extraordinary stupidity and ignorance, scraped together from a large and widely scattered population. But it is no such thing; the cases are mere specimens of wholesale darkness and spiritual ignorance. Our readers have lately had an opportunity of learning something of the condition of Wales with regard to Catholic instruction. We will now lay before them the condition of the Welch miners, with regard, not to Catholic, but to Christian instruction, in the most latitudinarian sense of the words. The district of South Wales and Men. mouthshire has been most ably explored by Mr. Franks, who has collected, and in the appendix to his report recorded, a vast amount of evidence applicable to our present purpose. To show how far the instances of ignorance enumerated by Mr. O'Connell are from being mere individual instances, let us take the first batch of evidence presented to us by Mr. Franks. It relates to Mr.. Crawshay's iron works and collieries in Merthyr Tydvil. In these works we are told by the "overman" that "no school has been established by the proprietdr of these works," and "although he subscribes to the National and Sunday, hools," yet "few receive any advantage from (TWsame." Of the children between ten and eighteen years Mr. Franks has recorded the answers of fourteen on the subject of their religious knowledge; and these answers we subjoin : (l.) Eighteen or nineteen years old. " Has heard the preacher speak of Jesus Christ, but can't say who he is." (2.) Twelve years old. " Never heard of the Testament; thinks the Testament is a Bible; can't say what is in the Bible ; has heard that it says we are not to do each other harm." (3) Ten years old. " Was once taught the commandments in Welch,. believes there are ten ; the fourth says "I must not thieve," which I do not, Jesus was the wisest man,ii'd I never heard of Solomon." (4.) Seventeen years old. "Jesus Christ is God, and made the world ; David was the wisest man. God brought the Jews out of Egypt; be. leves there are ten commandments, but forgets (tm). Fifteen years old. "There are ten com. mandments; one says, ' You must not steal, and the Christ is God.' Thinks Jesus Christ was born ia Wales, and went to England." (6 ) Seventeen years old. " Never was taught the Scripture nor the commandments. Does not known who Jesus Christ was, nor who made me." (7.) 'T'welve years old. " Never heard of the catechism, or much about the Bible. God made me; Jesus is God." (8.) Fourteen years old. "God made man; never heard of hell or heaven." (9.) Fourteen years old. " No questions In the catechism are taught at school. God made me; Jesus is God. Adam was the first man; Job was the wisest man," (10.) Seventeen years old. "Never heard of the Bible, but knows there is a Testament; has never been taught .any commandments-there may be some, not any to my knowledge." (11.) Thirteen years old. " When time will allow goes to hear the preacher; does not know what lie says, or what he means exactly." (12 ) Fifteen years old. "They say God made me, and that lie is Jesus Christ. Can't say whether there be any comnandments; there may be two, but I know nothing about them." (13.) Sixteen years old. "I know nothing about the commandments, or who made me." (14.) Eleven years old. "1 do not knowswhether God made me, nor anything about Jesus. There are no commandments." Such is a fair specimen of the amount of religious knowledge posseAsed by the Merthyr Tydvil misers when just approaching the age of puberty. What .akes tie case infinitely more appalling, however, than it would appear, even from this statement is, that the people are oat ignorant from poverty; are not bowed down by distress; are receiving higher wages then the Purroundlog agriculturists; rar ptudent arid saving in worldly matters; hace clubs sod benefit societies, sod frequent processions, and dress neatly, and have clean homes, and are really very careful about making a detent appearance. 'd'ey are the rude materials of a flea, noble race of men; but their employers have cast them off from all csre, and thus they have gained for thetuselees only so much of discipline as suffices to supply them witlt a greater smount of brutal gratIfication titan their fellows, whistla I spiritual culture they sink infinitely below the poorest of the peer. The schsoolmuster of a neighsboursng villageo says empha tically-" It would be vary desirabie if those whso move in tise higher sphere of life about this quarter would show a good example to those who ore 1slaced by Providence under thtem." And the Rev, James Carroll, the Catholic priest of Mherthtyr, speaks as follows-" The hsbits of the people are industrious, but savage. While children of beth seaes are allowed by their parents to drink, smoke, swear, and talk obscene language, before 12 years of age, they cannot be expected to come up to the morality of even Canadian savages." We mighst add almost indefinitely to this kind of evidence, But we will take only one mere instance from the same district, an instance mere striking indeed thtan the previous one. We refer to the Plymoutis ironworks of Messrs. IL. and A. Hill, near tMertltyr. In thtis instsnce the casslier to the works tells us, that the "majority of our population is decidedly religious." Here, then, we htava the 6lite of the Welch miners. Mr.' Anthtony Hill, also one of the proprietors, asys-" 1 tltink there Is a strortg desire on the psrt of the working people themselves Io educate their children. I hntve Jar a lontg lime* myself projected also establlshm~ent oJ o school attached to my works." But dutlog all this long lime of projection what has become of this educatiou~deslidrng and " decidedly religious" population 1 The children themselves shall tell us as before. Of the Plymooth works Mr. Franks hss recorded thte snswers of thirteen children between the ages of 9 and 19 on the subject of their religious knowledge. We presume the catechists were selected at random. The answers are as follows (1.) Nine years of age. * Never was told absot God. The sky is up above; and no one ever told me about Jesus Christ ; cannot say what he is." (2.) Twelve years. " hr. Jones tells us that Jesus is our Lord, but does not know what he means by our Lord, nor who is God. There may be comr mandments, but I never heard of any." (3.) Ten years. "I do not know anything about God." (4.) Eighteen years. " Has heard of ten com mandments; don't know anything about them. Believes they are in books." (5.) Nineteen years. "Jesus Christ was the father of us all. Can't say who gave us the ten commandments, nor what they are. I know that something is said about commandments in the Prayer Book, and about Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. 1 do not understand what is meant by prayer." (6.) Fourteen years. " St. Paul wrote the Epis' ties. There are three persons in the Godhead, &c.; Repeats the commandments." (7.) Fifteen years. "Cannot say who Moses was. Jesus Christ is God. Is NoT AWAts IF MOTaERI KNOWS WoO Gon Is; NrVER TALKS ADOUT THINGS OF T¶Is KIND AT I1n10lK.3 (8.) Sixteen years. " [eard that Jesus is the son of God. Cannot recllect who were the first man or woman. God made the world. Has heard that wicked people go to hell." (9.) Eighteen years, "There are ten command ments. Does not know the first. Jesus is God's son, and Moses's name has been often mentioned in chapel, but can't say who he was or is." (10.) 'T'hirteen years. " I think Christ is God. Never heard of commandments." (11.) Thirteen years. " Knows that Mr. Jones said God made her; and thinks he made other people." (12.) Twelve years. " The man in the sky made me, but.I do not know who he is. Never heard of Jesus Christ. Mother never told me about such things." (13.) Seventeen years. " Sometimes I go to Zion chapel, and at others walk about. I never heard of any commandments." We heartily commend these answers to the atren. live consideraion of our benighted fellow Catholics of Ireland, and the continent of Europe; and we exhort them to bear in mind that they proceed, many of them, from adolescent children of a " decidedly religious" district in the least Catholic portion of the empire! 