The Drama, Actors- and Critics. "ALL THE WORLD'S A STASE," No. III. It was our intention when we concluded our last number, to have given further proof of the many noble and intellectual characters which the stage has been the means of bringing into public notice, and who have been more than any other, aspirants for literary fame, the means of advancing the literary (glory of Britain, which can now take the highest stand in the European world. Perhaps our foreign friends may think this a boat but we feel conscious of the fact, and neither care for their sa ' are nor their sneer. In our last we commented upon the great-we may say the tremendous taken', of the sweet Bird of Avon, and the morality which almost in every line of his immortal works appears to come In the opinion, or rather bigotry, of his fanatic opposers. Now we must have a few words to say as to his morality or rather as to the morality of his writings though if we believe his biographers, he stands one of the most moral and unassuming men that has ever existed. We cannot help stating an anecdote of (his illustrious person, which is well authenticated. When Sir Thomas Lucy made a complaint to Queen Elizabeth against Shakes pears, accusing him of stealing his deer, and having written a satirical ballad against him, the virgin Queen made every enquiry on the subject, and being con need as to the falsity of the charge against the young poet, had for some time would not lists n to the repeated importunities of the Knight, until put out of patience by his indefatigable nervousness on the subject. She gave him the following decided and characteristic answer: "Sir Thomas Lucy, my sword could make a thousand Sir Thomas Lucy's-but GOD himself could only make a William Shakspeare I say no more on the subject." This compliment coming from such a person as. Queen Elizabeth, is perhaps the greatest ever bestowed on any of the unfortunate race of poets who, however after ages may applaud them, and boast of them as being the honour of their native land - unless they are more than usually fortunate, generally die in a state of destitution. We cannot avoid giving the following remarks taken from the life of Sbakpseure, annexed to the latest edition of his works : - Some writers have asserted, that Shakspear escaped with impunity shoot his first offence; but that, repeaT u audaciously he was prosECUted by Sir Thomas, whom he wrongly lampuoneil-that to escape a prison he fUd to London where, as might be expected from a man of will and humour in similar circumstance, he threw himself among the Slav ears, and made his fist appearance on the stage in ave! J subordinate character. This account (according to a ,,,". lead publication) is not entitled to full credence color about), he may have associated with some 'other youths, either for the catching deer or for some less difficult and.) hazardous of! surprise. yet the s ory seems improbable, an 1 comes in such aqiiMlionabesliapo. that it ought to he sifoi)..|y sorrows and bowels it be believed. Willis depending on him. confidence, orsnpposins that be held horses as the door of a theatre for his livelihood." a rational ""Live for his visiting London may be found in the iiicii.Mlai.ce. (ha. he had a relative and townsman already published there, thomas Green, .' a celebrated come,., 2.- The statement, pt John Aubery, a muddle the university 0 (More only twenty-six years after our poets Health, strongly «nlistnnth'ea lins view of the case, though it differs in some particulars , from the commonly accepted opinions speeling his parentage and occupied! in -'ills father (says A Blamey) was a butcher, and I have been told heretofore, by some of the neighbours, that when he was a boy he exercised his father's in le, but when it; killed a calf, he won d do it in a high style, and make a speech. lins H illi.m (meaning bhaKis (star,) being naturally inclined to poetry and acting, came to London, I guess about Richter, and was an actor at one of the play friends, and old at exceeding well. He began early to unite essays! at drumstick poli- v. which at that time was very low and his plays took well " flats is good to a certain extent ; but the truth probably is, that some freak, or II might be, felony, determined Mnkspeiie promply to embrace that profession to which his habits and in in nations had for a Ifliu time previously inclined him the playful enthusiasm of his disposition, when directed not to the useful purposes of life build' poetry and aching," was veil called to encourage bah is of idleness or improve deuce, with a a taste for those wild and irregular HEB ci i lions, which commence by discusses order, and (generally terminate in defiance of law. When li: made Pals aff a der skater, and played the balcony, of his wit so keenly upon Justice Hallow IIIL recollection of his own idvcolnrewn robe by uppermost in his mind, and if there were any HOUR was the subject, the circumstances of his having given to swallow the identical (quarterings of Sir Thomas Lucy, flats iVai wilshire prosecutor,) would effectually set it at rest. The balance of evidence, i burch re, preponderating greatly against" lins amiable nan and super eminent author," IIM prisoners may be content to have him charged with an act of poaching, since it was the apparent cause of his producing those immortal dramas, which have rendered him the delight of successive ages. It is not agreed in what situation he was first employed at the theatre, Sir Rona has not been able to discover any character to wine i he appeared to more advantage than that of the ghost in Hamlet 'Jliem intrusions given to the players, and other passages of his works, evince an intimate aqua instance with the science of acting, and shew that he studied nature in it, as much as in writing ; but all the might be more theory, i lie 8 lit ations of neither deserve I nor engaged his attention, and was far from adequate to the prodigious powers of his in id ; he turned it to a higher and nobler use and having by practice and observation, acquainted himself with the mechanical part of a theatre, his native genius inspired all the other essentially superior qualities of a playwright. that date at which he first play apps are Its unknown and the greatest uncertainty prevails with respect to the chronological order in which the whole sents was written, exhibited, or published As he certain authority could be adduced upon this point, resource has been had to internal evidence and by sean lung for those marks of progressive excellence. which are supposed to result from its use and improvements, the dates of each play have been pretty po- sai vi ly fixed. In the works of TO write that Britain has ever produced (we make no exception whatever) is there so many moral precepts uttered in such sublime, nay gorgeous language, than in those of this immortal man. We remember when a boy, previously to our having been endowed with a large share of that most useful commodity, called common, or rather worldly sense, being surprised at hearing from the mouth of one of our most eminent Scottish divines, iii the pulpit of a Glasgow Kirk, the following words. To quote the words of the first author of any time. " Had I but served my God as I have served my king, he would not now have left me, weary and old with, service, to the rude waves which must for ever crush me, &c.; &c.;" (Vide Shakspeare's Tragedy of Henry the Eighth.) We in the first place thought such, an allusion wonderful, as it proceeded from the pulpit, but on making enquiries on the subject, the hook ("Shakspeare's Works) was put in our hand, and we found them correct. Many times since then, we have thought of, and sneered at the liberality of those who quote the words of an actor, in furtherance of their own tenets, and yet blackguard him for giving vent to those beautiful passages which they thunder from their own pulpits, even in the houses devoted to religions Such conduct is shameful and does more harm to the sacred cause of religion than all the attacks which has assailed it, from the pen of the stiff soil or the defeat. Were plain substantial common sense to rule the minds of men, we would live in a happier world, being" completely purified from that unnatural enjoy dice which attaches itself at the present moment to every rational and reasonable amusement. (To be continued.) 