PORT PHILLIP. The town of Corio was not without its proportion of distress. Captain Lewis succeeds Captain Beers, deceased, in command of the military de- tachment in the province. The Rev. Mr. Geoghegan has resigned his charge as Roman Catholic pastor in Melbourne. Dr. Thompson has been appointed Ma- naging Director of a branch of the Union Bank established at Corio. The Bank of Australasia was said to be contemplating the establishment of a similar agency there. Mr. Robert Marr attempted to commit suicide with a penknife ; he has since by his conduct evidenced a degree of insanity that has rendered it imperative he should be confined : and it is proposed to remove him to the lunatic asylum at Sydney. The Rev. Mr. Luckfield, Wesleyan, had proceeded to form another aborigines' sta- tion at the junction of the Goulbourn with the Murray. A reward had been offered by the su- perintendent for the discovery of six Europeans who had surprised a number of aborigines in the Portland Bay district, and barbarously murdered four of them. A benevolent society had been established at Geelong. The papers complain of the frequency of robberies. The Patriot says for some weeks back there has scarcely a single night elapsed without one. There were upwards of 750 cases for adju- dicature in the Court of Requests', Mel- bourne. Several charges for cattle and sheep steal- ing had been brought before the authorities. There were ten prisoners for trial at the Criminal Sessions. Messrs. Robinson and Sieveright had pro- ceeded on an expedition to investigate the circumstances connected with a late mur- der ; their interpreter, a native, had returned stating that an accident had happened to their vehicle. Fears were entertained for their safety, but the Herald, of 5th April, reports that Captain Louttit of the Jane and Emma, has brought the intelligence that they were happy and well at Port Fairy on Sunday week, on which day the cutter left that port. The settlers and inhabitants of Port Fairy had made a representation to Mr. Latrobe of the insecurity of life and property in that district from the natives. They had committed depredations on twenty-five sta- tions within the last two months, killing many horses, driving away immense num- bers of other cattle and sheep, wounding seven men and killing four. The settlers desired protection from the aggressions of the blacks, and for that purpose made the representation. His Honor the Superinten- dent in his reply sympathised with the set- tlers, said that the local government would do all in its power to preserve European property and life, but feared their situation precluded the hope of effectually protecting them in distant and exposed situations. He referred to some recent murders committed by white men, and called on the settlers to come forward first in aid of the authorities and clear up the obscurity in which the deed was involved. LAUNCH.—At two o'clock on Saturday last, the hour appointed for the launch of the Vesta steamer, the properly of our enterprising citizens, the Messrs. Manton, a large assemblange of persons flocked to the wharf, and crowded its banks to witness this spectacle and ceremony. A band of musicians were in attendance, and a sumptuous lunch was prepared on the opposite side of the Yarra for the occasion. His Honor the superin- tendent, with the immediate family and friends of the owners, were present. At the hour named, the blocks were knocked from under the vessel, but giving a slight cant she did not slide through the shores as quickly as expected ; this, however, was soon remedied by the application of a lever to her keel, when she gracefully glided forward " like a thing of life and light," and to the ad- miring eyes — or what Mr. Willis designates " The stupid starers and loud huzzas" — moved into her element accompanied by the welcoming acclama- tions of our townsfolk. The ceremonial of christ- ening was performed by Mr. Manton's eldest son, who broke the bottle across her bows to the name of the Vesta, and the Goddess of Fire was con- signed to the deep. This vessel is at present a mere shell, measuring ninety-eight feet on the keel, and one hundred and ten feet over all. The space appropriated for the cabin or saloon is large and roomy, being in length about twenty feet, and in breadth eight feet. It is calculated that conduct the detail of the institute, until a public meeting could annul or rectify their determinations. They have assiduously performed the task assigned to them ; and they have succeeded in obtaining the assist- ance of educated gentlemen, qualified to impart that instruction the mechanics of Launceston require. We shall express ourselves freely, now we can do so without offence, on the de- scription of lectures the institution requires in its infancy. We need plain and simple expositions of first principles, in language as free as practicable from the incum- brance of technicalities — that the gen- tlemen who address us shall not take anything for granted, or imply by their starting point that we have explored all the anterior ground. The number of sci- entific men in so limited a population must necessarily be small, and if lecturers look for such only as auditors, they may whisper their discourses : but we hope that the paths of science will be cleared to humbler minds and more numerous classes. A haughty sciolist may look out for fashion- able applause, but a benevolent man will rejoice that he has not only assisted his less favoured countrymen in the pursuit of knowledge, but has scattered sentiments that will be carried home to the fireside of the mechanic and repeated to his children. The hostility displayed by the Cornwall Chronicle to the Mechanics' Institute, though disguised in general professions, cannot be misunderstood. As he praises religion, but eats away every principle it contains, so he praises Mechanics' In- stitutions, but rails at every possible ele- ment of their composition ; he has said everything to discourage the members, lower the committee, and intimidate lec- turers. But a FLASH newspaper has a native horror of growing intelligence — the instinct that protects the dove is in the order of nature, and, no doubt, wisely conceded to the serpent. He who can spell the syllables of a slanderer has attained the highest point of cultivation at which his subscrip- tion is safe : the lowest condition of literature — the most divided state of so- ciety — is the most favourable to such a journal. Men isolated from each other, and with minds narrowed by ignorance, too often delight in gross personalities, and in witnessing the mental torture pro- duced by editorial venom ; but when they can reason as well as read — when they mingle together in the pursuit of science and patriotism — the existence of such a newspaper terminates, just as the prize- ring and bull-fight give way to civilization, or ghosts and goblins " evanish at the crow- ing of the cock," 