GIBBIE STE’ENSON THE MISER. Chapter I. I Cᴀɴɴᴏᴛ begin my little sketch of Gibbie Ste’enson, till I say a few words of my grandfather, from whom I got it. He was a herd-boy in the year "'45;" and but for his mother, who imprisoned him in an out-house, he would have been off" with the Highlanders to do what he could for Prince Charlie. Many were the stories he had about the " rising," and used to tell them with all the enthusiasm of youth. He was quite satisfied it was best for the country, in every Tespect, that the enter- prize of the chevalier failed ; but it was plain that all his feelings were enlisted on the side of the adventurer. . I happened to be his favourite and his bed-fellow, and came in for my full share of his old-world stories, which were neither few nor "un interesting. It makes me smile yet, when I remember, how he used to run down the tales I met with in books : no matter of what kind, or by whom written, they were denounced as "trash and baggage, and lies from end to end." The philosophy of his criticism was hidden from me at the time ; but there was one advantage I took of it even then. When indisposed to gratify me with a new story, or the recital of an old one, I usually obtained my wish, by asking leave to tell him a fine one I had read in such a book. He was wont to fire at this, and let off his customary volleys against the " book baggage," and begin one ot his own, by drawing np his shoulders, and pulling down bis nightcap apiece. Gibbie Ste’enson the miser, who was a school-fellow of his own, afforded matter for many a sketch ; and I came at last to think of Gibbie .as a man whnm I had actually known. Even yet, the picture 1 formed of him, is vivid and complete. None of Scott's or Shakspeare's characters stand out halt so steadily or life-like before my imagination. My grandfather, I pre sume, bad not given me' a set and chrono logical history of him; for the order in which the materials are arranged in my mind, and in which they always occur to me, is anything but regular or sustained. I shall endeavour however, to break the ill-assorted chain, and put its links in their proper places. - ' Gibbie Ste’enson was scarcely weaned when his father died. His mother con trived to make a livelihood from the bit of ground attached to her cottage, and by acting as a kind of cow-doctor, and as an attendant upon lying-in women. She was a birkly bustling body, but honest and shrewd withal, and bent on amassing as much of the world as she could. A variety of prudential maxims was completely under her control, and generally in active service. Yet few beggars passed her door without their pittance ; . and she had the character of being an obliging neighbour and a steady friend. Gibbie was turned of seven when he came to the parish school. A new scholar is always an object of some interest, but Gibbie created quite a sensation. He had on a jacket of hoddan grey, which reached to his hurdies, and hung about him like a sack. His trousers were of the same material, and a world too wide for his long raw shanks; and, but for a broad lap at the bottom, his feet would have disappeared in them altogether. The entire structure of his dress spoke as plainly as cloth could speak, that an in tention was formed against posterity; and that the future would be saddled with the old clothes of the past. He had a cap to match, but no neckerchief; and; in short, was of a piece, from top to toe, with a drab complexion, and flaxen hair, and a knife, like expression of countenance. His mo ther entered the school with him on a Monday morning in February 1743, as far as my grandfather could recollect. The confused hum instantly ceased, and nothing was heard for a time, but the clamp, clamp, of Gibbie's heavily tacketed shoes, as his parent led: bim up to where -the master stood. " Here's Gibbie- t'ye, sir," s;rid Mrs. Stevenson, better known by the name of Cow Katy ; " and I hope ye' 11 do your best wi' him. He's gayin gleg ; and I'm thinking he'll just drink in the lair." " Few come with sic a drowth,"- answer ed the master, ironically. " Drowth or no drowth !' replied Katy, rather sharply, " haud the bowl weel to his .head ; and coup it down him, if he'll no tak it." ' A roar of laughter from the whole school followed, and Katy turned about and scolded at them as " ill-bred nowt;' but -her words were swallowed up in the general uproar. The master, half . angry, half ( For continuation see fourth page.) GIBE IE STEENSON THE MTSER. ( Continued from ovr third page.) pleased, tried tn calm the tumult, but with out effect. lie took Gibbie out of her hand and set him down on a seat by him self; and partly coaxing-, partly forcing, Mrs. Stevenson herself, conducted her'ont of the school into a little by-room he had, amidst the deafening and uncontrollable laughter of fifty pair oflungs. He remained fully ten minutes away, — the time was not so precious then as it is now, — appeasing Mrs. Stevenson, and receiving her peremp tory instructions about Gibbie. This was too precious an opportunity to be lost. Scarcely was the master's back turned, when a dozen faces, in every possible state of contortion, were grinning at poor Gibbie. Of course he could not feel quite at home, and in fact, was at an utter loss what to do with himself. The death- heads multiplied about him ; and he sat like a condemned and sheepish criminal staring at the strange appearances around him. " Cow Gibbie," cries one ; " Mealy- mou'ed Gib bie,'' shouts another ; ' Samnel Side- pouches,'' cried a third ; and one cried this, and another that term of reproach, till flesh and blood could stand it no longer, and Gibbie set up a grin, that took the field at once to itself. A terrible explosion of mirth ensued ; but Gibbie kept twisting at them every variety of face he was master of. A boy, who was the ringleader of tlie mischief stole in behind Gibbie, and emptied his ink.horn on the victim's head. . The deep colouring which was instantly given to Gibbie's sketches, was felt and answered by all. But Gibbie cut the exhibition short by springing to his feet, and rushing like an infuriated goat on his tormentor. Gibbie had him down in a moment, and would no doubt have slaked his vengeance on him, had not prompt assistance been rendered. Exasperated beyond all measure, he gave general battle to his persecutors, and both gave and received some heaTty kicks and strokes. The Master came in during the fray, and a general dispersion immediately followed. Gibbie was now staring and foaming like a raised, bull ; and, bolting past the master, made for the door and ran off. ' After him !" shouted the head of the fierce democracy. Never was command more, -eagerly obeyed. A whole pack in full cry set out after the delinquent. Gibbie was evidently making it a life-and-deatb matter; for heavy shoes and all, he kept the start he had got, till one of the boys cried to a man who was coming forward to " keep him.'' The man seeing at once how matters stood, laid hold of Gibbie, at the expense of some skin, till his pursuers, came up. The truant, exhausted and breathless, made an ineffectual effort or two, and then permitted liimeelf to be led back. As he gathered breath, however, and as they came near the house of cor rection, Gibbie began to wrestle and plunge furiously. Any ground he yielded now was locomotirely given ; and the bustle and clanjour became tremendous, as they pulled and shoved him in at the school door. A fter some stern remonstrances and threatenings tin the part of tlie master, a basin of water was brought, and Gibbie was ordered to wash his face, which, with -sweat and rage, and ink, was scarcely hitman. He was then set on the middle of a form, with some of the strongest boys on either side of him as a guard. There lie sat sulkily for some time, till the per secution began again in wry faces, and nick-names and nips and scratches. The best temper would iiave broken under such annoyances, and how. could Gibbie's stand ? An utisparing thrust from a pin made him spring from his seat with a loud yell, that made everything stop. " Ye villains !" cried the molested boy, grinding his teeth like a handsaw, and looking fiercely on bis antagonists. Nobody, of course, was doing anything to him ; and there being twenty witnesses to one against Gibbie, he could not expect any reparation. He was ordered to. sit down and keep quiet ; but Gibbie seeing all hope of peace, or justice at an -end, began the defensive, and left iain- bows all around him. " Gibbie Ste'enson ! .-master I 0 ! Gibbie Ste'enson 1" was ;shouting every now and "then, as Gibbie added a new sufferer to this list, or favored .an -old . one with a fresh demonstration. The master lost patience at last, and put Gibbie into ihe desk by himself. The school at length dismissed, and Gibbie bad tto fight and kick his way through a batch of boys, who had suffered from his bony lingers through theday. Sore and weary Gibbie got home, and neither scolds, nor strokes, nor bribes, could induce Gibbie to go back to the seat of learning. His another managed, in her own way, to get the alphabet into him in the course of a year; and by another, he could hammer out some words in the " we spell" About the close of the third, in the month of November, 1746, Gibbie once more made i ' rvi i r iMw-Tnr-ipffir-TTTiri T- bis appearance at tbe parish school. He was now a tali boy of ten, will? long sinewy ams, and. a gaunt muscular frame, that bent slightly at the shoulders, arising probably from the domestic drudgery he was compelled to perform. Tbe nature of bis mother's avocations called her olten out for whole days and nights ; and Gibbie, in her absence, was cook, and dairymaid, and washerwoman, and every thing. His dress remained unchanged, with the ex ception of a large letting-down of the lap ef his trousers, and the cuffs of bis jacket, to keep up with his legs and arms which had shot out immensely. The body of his upper garment, as we have said, was of sufficient length and circumference to meet the. demands of manhood if be reached it; and its texture promised to battle success fully with the tear and wear of twenty winters at least. A considerable number of his original enemies had died out, or left the school, for the curriculum of edu cation in those days was short ; but they had bequathed their spirit to their succes sors, for a variety of petty annoyances were immediately set on foot against him. Af ter a few victorious, battles, however, he established a name that protected him. Things now went on smoothly, and Gibbie was permitted to take a part in the diver sions of bis school-fellows. It was soon remarked that he seldom indulged in any amusement for its own sake, and usually tried to have a stake connected with it His favourite games w'ere the winning ones of the bowls, pins, and buttons; and he generally contrived to play with those who were younger, of less dexterous, than him self. He did not hesitate to cheat when an opportunity presented itself; and when charged with it, look the fashionable mode of clearing bis reputation by a challenge. His stock of small wares accumulated on his hands, and he sold out among the boys, getting small coins or other equivalents in return. No solicitation, attention, or flattery, could induce him to part with any thing gratuitously ; and when he trusted, which was seldom the case, he persecuted his debtor till he paid,— only one was known to escape, and not till he had sus- tained a sound thrashing. The gains of Gibbie in this traffic were considerable, and as cheerfully hoarded, as if they had been the revenue of a kingdom. Even his motheB was denied a share in his profits ; and no one knew the general depository that held them. If his parent took a few pins out of his sleeve over night, she got no peace till they were replaced ; and when she put one of his buttons on his own jacket, it was instantly cut off and put back amongst its companions. It mattered not that she scolded, and threat ened, and expatiated on the expense of his schooling, and food, and clothes, and lodging; Gibbie's sole answer was an inexorable grumpb. He came, and went to the school . during three successive winters, and left it without having made a single friend. His progress in learning was small. He had reached the Proverbs class, but could neither write nor cast accounts. Chapter ii. Mrs. Stevenson was subject to attacks of rheumatism ; and the infirmities of a premature old age were fast setting in upon her. She had exercised a calling for twelve years, which exposed her to inclemencies of weather, and irregularity of sleep and diet ; and these agencies were beginning to kythe upon her consti tution. By bard scraping and saving she bad amassed upwards of twenty pounds, which in those days was reckoned a con siderable fortune. She wisely resolved to confine her professional exertions for the ; future to the more immediate neighbour hood, and occupy herself with her cow and the small pendicle she rented. Gibbie was in consequence hired out to a sheep farmer, near Parishholm. The food of farm servants at that time was of the coarsest description. The only kitchen allowed to dinner, which usually consisted of groat broth, made thick with potatoes and vegetables, was occasionally an egg, or a bit of braxy ham. Tbe sharp eye of Gibbie discovered even here a. source of gain. He hoarded his eggs and pieces of meat till they amounted to a disposable quantity, and had them sent or taken to Douglas and sold. He went out also in the summer and moonlight nights and gathered stray wool among the hills ; and it was said he sometimes cut, or pulled, patches of the fleece from the ewes that lie found asleep or in the fold. He set lines in the water too, and snares in every direction ; and - every trout and hare was converted, if possible, into money ; and if not, they were kept till they wasted, for he never gave anything away. The re primand of his master had no other effect than to make him more wary. He was threatened with dismissal, but still he con tinued. There was one bond which knit his masteT to him, and that was Gibbie's candidness. He could do anything, and refused to do nothing. He could milk the cows, or wash the dishes, or make the food, or build a dyke or an outhouse, or repair the farming utensils. Whatever was behind, Gibbie brought up; and bis untiring strength, and even skill, in some things, made him a valuable servant. Before every term Gibbie gave in his re signation, and managed to get an advance of wages. Not a farthing of his fee was spent The same hoddan grey suit was first let down, and then eked, story after story, in the legs and arms, and all the rest was left as it originally came from the bands of his provident mother. The only chauge in his dress was a cap of sheep skin, which he had .got from his master for doing a piece of extra hard work. Nothing was too mean for Gibbie to under take, if it offered the slightest recotnpence. He would help out the huxter-wives with their stalls ou a fair-day, or bold a horse, or run an errand, or do anything he was bidden, however menial, if a consideration was given. The gibes of the country lasses, or the taunts of the farm lads, had no more effect upon him, than if they had been addressed to a person with whom he had nothing to do. The whisky was cheap then, but Gibbie dranjk none of it, except what he got for nothing. A scheme was entered into by some shepherds at a Dou glas market to get Gibbie intoxicated, and then inveigle him into as much expense as they could. Gibbie drank their whisky and eat their buns, but not a farthing would -he spend. They laid hands upon him to rifle his pockets, but he fought like a tiger and made bis eseape. Gibbie ihe iniser," had long been in ever' child's mouth ; but Gibbie heeded it not, or only answered them with his usual grnmph. Sometimes it expressed contempt, sometimes anger, sometimes envy, and sometimes even satis faction, if not delight. e Those who knew him could readily distinguish one from the other. He had now been five years in his first place, when an express arrived that his mother was dying. The humph he gave on receiving this intelligence was noted as expressive of joy. " Come away Gibbie," said his mother as he entered, "and come near me; for I want to speak to you." ' What are you wanting, mither ?" said the unfeeling son ; " d'ye think ye're dying ?" "Yes, Gibbie; the grips o' death are on me. Lord hae mercy on my soul." " Where did ye put the siller, mither ?" returned the miser, without noticing her . statement, or her exclamation. '' O Gibbie, Gibbie, my son! what's siller when death comes,— the grave ?' " Where is't ?" interrupted the heart less lad. " It's where it's safe, but is it now ? Though it. were twenty! times mair, and death gang by for 't " He's no get the offer," retorted the! son. "O Gibbie, Gibbie! dinna break my heart," exclaimed Mrs. Stevenson. O man, think less o' the world and mair o' your Maker. It's grieved me Jang to see . you. Wad ye try and pray wi' me, Gibbie ? 1 think it wad do my heart good if I heard ye pray. ® I'll pray nane ; where's the siller " I'll tell ye if ye pray." " Where is t first?" " The minister has 't. O, pray now 1" " How m tickle 's o't ?" "But will'ye no pray " Is there thretty pound o't ?" t 0 pray wi' me," Gibbie, and I'll tell ye, my dear." There should be (hrelty-three, if ye've done right." « " Wbatevefs o't y e' 11 get it; but pray wi' me.'1 - " Did John Park pay the cheese?" " No, hiuny ; but"- "There'll be nae buts about it; he maun pay." " I fo lgi'ed him't ; he's poor, and a sma' fam ly." "A smft' devil! he maun pay.' " O Gibbie, Gibbie, will ye gi'e o'ver and no break'—— " What wad I gi'e o'er for ? Is'nt it but right that folk should get their aid ? What business had be eating cheese if be couldna pay for 't ?" " I'm to blame,'' cried the agonized woman, in a passion of tears, " O God ! I'm to blame, for bringing him up the way I did. 1 nurtured him for the world, and not for thee. I sowed the wind, and I've reaped the whirlwind. O my God ! my God !" The only reply on the part of her son was a sullen humph, which was instantly followed up by a demand how much money there was. " There's twenty-five pound ten," re plied his' mother, at last, with a deep groan that came from the bottom of her heart. Tbe son ran over his fingers as if counting something, and then exclaimed— " There's eight pound awanting o' what I was making o't. What have ye done wi't ?' " It's there as it is," said the afflicted and now irritated woman. " It was my ain making, and naebody has ony business what's o't, or what l did wi't." The effort, and the confiiction emotions within her, brought on a suspension of life ; and it was sometime ere she came out of it. As nature rallied, and' consci ousness returned, she asked, in au anxious voice, and feeling about her, — " Where's my sou ? Are ye there, Gibbie?" she heard his humph; and de sired to have his hand. He gave it with some reluctance. " It's the last time," said she, " your mother's hand'll be in yours. I aence thought as ye think, but a death-bed's opened my een. O Gibbie, Gibbie, my son, my son ! will ye promise to tnind death, — will ye promise to pray night and morning, — and read your Bible, — and get claes and gang to the kirk ? and will ye promise that, and let me die in peace,, will ye, Gibbie, will ye'?" He answered the appeal by withdrawing his hand, and uttering a dogged humph. ." Ye'll no promise then ?" said the dying woman, clasping her hands. O God, will ye count'the blame mine ; and soften his heart by the humrnar and the fire o'thy spirit, that lie may see what the world is, and grip by the Cross, — wilt thou, God ! wilt thou ?" Here strength failed, and hea heart filled, and she stopt, and sunk into a swoon. A neighbour applied some gruel to her lips, and bathed her temples and gradually recovered, again. She seemed as if she wished to speak once more to her son, but utterance was denied ; and in a short time she drew up her feet and went the way of all the earth. Scarcely was the breath out, when Gibbie' set off to the minister and lifted the money. To save expenses, he made a coffin with his own hands, and blackened it with soot. Fune ral services were then universal, and dred- gies very common: but Gibbie had neither. " It was a flinging away o siller," he said," for nae end ; and if folk dinna like to come to the burial, they might stay away." On the day of the interment, the chief mourner was in his customary dress, with a stripe of linen blackened with ink-, about his sbeep-skin cap. Some of the neigh bours gathered out for decency sake, and a few joined the procession in the town ; but never had such a funeral been seen in the parish. It wanted two months of the term, but Gibbie made it out ; and went during the night and "did what was necessary about the pendicle. He then took possession of it, and hired himself out for all kinds of work. His reputation was established as a- good worker, and he got plenty to do. In the spring and harvest seasons, it W'as no uncommon sighf to see the miser sowing or reaping his ground in the . nightrtime. He would often Jwork during successive nights at liouio, to keep his day's wages entire. Nothing that would sell, he eat or drank ; and it was a mystery to many how. he lived at all. . He was now a full-formed man of five-and-twenfy, with: muscles like ropes in his face and all over his body. The expression of his countenance was pro-: verbially repulsive, with a hungry craving look in it. . The neck stretched forward whether he walked or sat, and the eyes were continually seeking abont in the socket, and now and then made a dead stand for a mo ment, and then quivered and glistened, and began their usual motion again. I re member, the first time I saw a hyaena in his cage, that Gibbie's eyes occurred to me vividly. He was never known to shave, but gave a sort of priming occasionally to his heard and whiskers with a pair of scis- sars. His hair and skin were nearly of the same colour ; and it was said, that his head at .a Kttle distance resembled a lump of dried pipe-clay. He was of that ambiguous look also, that stt angers could not tell whether he was old or comparatively young. When he stood ereet, he was folly six feet, but the stoop in his shoulders gave him the appearance of a man of five feet nine. .Many were the tales that were circulated about hiin, some false and some true, but few indeed in his favour. He fought once for "a man who was ill-used at a market, and risked his own life to save a boy from drowning. It was said his mother's ghost haunted him ; and it was alledged he had bargained with the devil about his soul. My grandfather believed some of these little extravagancies, and entered into these de tails with deep interest and awe. He had the .times and places, and the witnesses' names, at his finger ends; and used to make our flesh creep by their recital. There was one circumstance, however, which illustrated Gibbie's character, of which there was no doubt. A heavy spate came down the water one Sabbath morning in autumn, which flooded and was carrying off a hay l ick which belonged to tlie iniser. It was his cus'otn to lie long on that day ; and when lie arose about his usual time, he saw his hay moving slowly off. Out he ran, with only his trousers on, and plunged in after it. The water had reached his neck ere he reached the rick. He thrust in and twisted his hands about it as far as he could reach, and made several desperate struggles to pull it towards the bank ; but the river got the mastery, and bore them both down before it. The alarm was soon given, and dozens of persons came running in all directions to see the strange spectacle. A few pitied, but most laughed at the peril ous situation of the miser. " Let him drown !" cried some " His siller'll do somebody guid!" cried others. "It's a judgment on him!' cried a third party. " Let Providence get its will, and the deil his ain !' shouted a fourth. "He'll be bleezing down by in five minutes, and the hay'i! kelp !' exclaimed a drunken tailor from the town. But a better spirit was manifested by others, who ran for ropes and finng thenr in to Gibbie; but some were too short, and others missed their aim. Every one declared, however, that the infatuated man seemed more anxious to save his hay than himself. "We'll maybe wile her into the holm,' cried the miser, shivering with cold ; " for God's sake, help to get her into the holm !" By a strenuous effort on Gibbie's part, and a favorabls turn of the stream, into the holm, on the north side of the village, the rick went, rolling about and its proprietor with it. He was soon in shallow water, and came, pushing the hay before him, to the dry ground. 44 Ye've had a narrow escape, man," said James Paterson the elder ; "and I hope it'll do ye guid.' " I'm caul d ye now at ony rate," replied Gibbie ; " but if I had been a minue lauger, she was lost.' fit's neither your hay nor your body, man, I'm speaking about," interposed James; ' it's your soul — your immortal soul, man ; ye live like a brute !'' The miser gave a surly huniph,an-l con tinued to push at the rick till it was fairly out of water. An incredibly small portion had been lost, for it was firmly thatched and roped above, and the portion taken away by the current was wholly from beneath. " It's safe enough now," said a number of voices ; " the water's going back — let it stand till tjie raonr" 44 Let it stand till the morn 1" echoed Gibbie, with a look of utter astonishment ; " the present only is ours, — -it's a work o- necessity. Will on' o'.ye tak' up ii backl'u, and I'll gi'e ye — I'll be obleeged t'ye." " Put your hand out at your peril, man !" cried elder Paterson, in a tone ol indigna tion and authority ; "will he break the Lord's day afore our very een ? Gang down on your knees, mail and thank your Maker for what he's done.' 44 There's a time for a' things," responded Gibbie, in a surly resolute tone ; 44 and the time just now is to save, and not destroy." While he spoke, he began to untie the thatch ropes, amidst the grumbling and rebukes of many around him. lie made no further answer to their remonstrances, but set off with a burden which might have served any two men in the parish. On the dismissal of the church in the afternoon, the feeling rose so high that several stones were flung at him, and one of them hit him smartly, on the cheek. His bent shoulders stood erect in a moment, his teeth sawed in his mouth, and the veins on his forehead became fearfully distinct. The crowd fell back, for they knew the strength and resoluteness of the man. No one had the hardihood to repeat the offence. J atries Paterson, however began a new system of attack, b'y reading aloud the law of Moses respecting the Sabbath ; and the fate of the man who gathered sticks on that day, and many other appropriate passages in the prophetsand theapostles. Gibbie humphed to them all, and. wrought on. 4< What, can we expect from a sow hut a grumph,'' said James, at last, and angrily closed the book ; " and wherefore should I cast pearls before swine ! But I tell ye' what, man : this day'll rise up in j ndgnient against ye,— the very bay '11 be a witness, and the water that's away to the sea'-U come back to the judgment seat" Shaking with emotion, the old elder left the spot, and a number followed him ; and Gibbie proceeded with his labour as it nothing had happened. Back and back he came and went, and by nightfall he com pleted his task, in spite of everycouncil and threat that, was offered him. ' _ « C2o to continued.) 