A GAME FOR AN HEIRESS. (Continued from our last. J There was a small sofa in the window, and it instantly slruck Devon's quick fancy, that he could at once leave his fantastic prison, stop the mouths of his busy gos- sipers, and instil the balmy conviction into their minds, that they had not been over- beard — by a single simple expedient. So simple is it, indeed, that though it would not have occurred to two persons in a thousand similarly circumsfauced, it yet stands in some peril of shariog the fate of Columbus's egg, and of being denied to have been the intuitive suggestion of a very high and distinguished order of mind. Be all this as it may, Gypsy Devon stretched himself gracefully upon the sofa, and extending his foot' so as suddenly to startle Miss Bankenwell, by touching her heel when she was on the very point of playfully fabricating for hira some new compliment to her — so extending his foot we say, he was presently surrounded by ihe whole gioup, and caught asleep ! Many a glance was interckoged before the Hon. William Hartly gently shook our gypsy hero by the shoulder, and awakened him. c( What a bore!" exclaimed Devon, pathetically, after having well acted the self-arousing sleeper ; " I cannot escape to get a quiet half-houT's sleep, not withstand ing all my efforts ! All ! how do you do, dearest Miss Bankenwell P" This last sudden courtesy was answered by a blushing face and a parched lip ; for though perfectly a lady, and therefore per fectly self-possessed on ordinary occasions, Jnlia Bankenwell could not but contemplate with horror the likelihood which there was ot her " honourable'' lover, Mr. Hartly, mentioning to Devon her! boast about the compliments which she had pretended to have received from him ; and then what would she do ? — what .could she do ? The " dearest Miss Bankeweli,'' which he had just pronounced, was by far the most tender speech that he had ever addressed to her. Heavens! the possibility of what might happen was maddening. " Mr. Devon," said that awkward Hartly, sc Mr. Devon, I assure you that 3'our com plimentary powers are highly valued by a certain lady present. ' (Poor Julia Ban kenwell gasped and clung to the arm of the Countess of Wiiater. Lord Autumn cried, " Hartly ? for shame P" " And Devon, meantime, listened with complacent atten tion). "For she says that your com pliment to her poor eyes is excused for its freedom, on account of its wit ?' '' The one saving circumstance — that which prevented poor J alia from literally swooning — was the gentle look of mirth and good nature that greeted her from Devon's dark eye, while Mr. Hartly continued to make his dislionouiable speech. The moment which concluded that speech, seemed to wrap within it the very life and being of Miss Bankenwell, so full of terrible anxiety was it to her. "Ah! you mean, Hartly," replied Edward Devon, with perfect composure and a charming smile, " when I said to Miss Bankenwell, that while I and lady , Winter, for instance, had eyes given us by Providence that they might gaze at the fools, knaves, and other matters of a very opposite nature around us — she alone, 1113 dear and merry friend, Miss Bankenwell, bad eyes given her to be themselves gazed at. There was not much wit in it to be sure; but I shall improve.'' And so, saying, he bowed, smiled, and left the circle hastily . Fortunate was it for our hero, that he chose that, window in which to search for the portfolio. A more steadfast friend than he made by this little speech, no one ever made. Every body knows the danger of making a woman your enemy ; a more agreeable moral attends the progress of our present historiette. But we must not anticipate. Suffice it to say for the present, that Julia Bankenwell was the intimate and mseparaDie menu ana confident ol Miss Ormsby, our heiress, to whom we must now return. Devon, immediately on his happy escape os above related, approached the heiress, and having, like herseK, utterly forgotten the portfolio, drew a chair beside her, and for some time leant back without speaking. At length Miss Ormsby turned towards him, and said, ' So, Mr. Devon, you grow like Field- ing's ghost, and will not speak till you are spoken to. Or is it that you wish people to look at you well before they are compelled to listen to you ?" It was advisedly, as the lawyers say, that our hero bad preserved the silence to which Miss Ormsby "alluded. For when a person seats himself by another's side") without appearing to. have any tiling particular to say, it is then self evident that he has chosen his post for his companion's sake alone ; while on the contrary7, if the moment he arrives within hearing, he begin forthwith to talk, it seems as if he had come thither expressly to do so. Some men seek a pretext for approaching any human being —-a matter which needs no pretext at all. Devon was a profound master of these im portant nothings; nothings which the superficial are prone to make little of, and which, in return, often make very little indeed of them. "Really I do not desire that your atten tion should dwell on my face, to the point of overlooking my character,'' returned Devon slowly, and half-smiling. "I am very handsome, I know ; but what then ? Beauty is — A doubtful good, a gloss, a glass, a flower, Lost, faded, broken, dead within an hour !' \ And the reason I remained silent was because I had nothing to say, I felt quite happy in being permitted to retain nay position, while I was forced for a moment to retain my silence. But then you are my inspiration ; only preserve your present poetic smile and yon shall not complain of any ghost-like taciturnity in me." " 'A gloss, a glass, a flower, Lost, faded, broken, dead within an hour.' muttered Miss Ormsby, with an affected, and yet pretty sigh, "My poetic smile will vanish, Mr. Devon, if you quote such un- gallant and unconsoling lines again. Bu,t is my smile poetic ?" "Yes, (and lam a judge). There i9 more character in a smile than in a frown, or in any other physiognomical expression.' " What sort of smile would you term the one which is directly the opposite of my smile ?" inquired Miss Ormsby. " I should term it the precise opposite of ray individual taste and liking," replied he, who had genius for a compliment. " Ha ! ha! ha!" laughed Peter Brown, who came up just then, " Come, Mr, Devon, aud my smile now, What is the opposite of that ?" Devon glanced superciliously at bis questioner ;. but on seeing the,. hearty, cordial, rubicund and beaming face, of poor, innocent, harmless, good-natured Peter Brown, he instantly replied, with courtesy' and warmth. "The opposite of your smile is the famous e smile sardonic;' a mixture of suffering, of intellect, hem ! and of malignity the person seems in torture even while he laughs ; his grimace is but the hieroglyphic of a spasm. Your smile, Mr. Brown, is the exact reverse of this." " Ha ! ha ! ha !" chuckled Peter. " Oh ! ha ! ha ! ha ! Mr. Devon.' (But I think he did not understand Devon at all.) Wimbledon and his antithesis, a certain modest Mr. Bernard Crimson, now ap proached, and made, with Mr. Peter Brown and Devon, a group around our heiress. Devon's glance rested for a moment thoughtfully and yet triumphantly upon Wimbledon, while the latter did not seem very vividly aware even of the presence of one, whose presence was, in reality, like an incubus, upon the spirit of his hope. W imbledon'spale impressive face— Devon's perpetual pride-of-eye — the contrast was an "interesting'' one. And now, Miss Ormsby, who did not seem at all deeply effected by Mr. Wimble don's hitherto neglectful, aud (as that personage himself had hoped,) jealousy- inspiring absence, soon gave life and ani mation to the social scene. After a time, the conversation rambled to literary topics, and Wimbledon, cold as he was, acknowledged that there was scarcely in all the world a more enviable thing than a wide spread and well- deserved literary fame. Devon's remark on this was characteristic. ' Of all the words in the language,'' said he, " proper names alone are supposed to signify nothing, of themselves. But take the name of a great author, of one known all over Europe; when he writes a new book, bis name upon the title- pagp, at once brings back to the reader's mind his great literary achievements ; in those few simple syllables there seem to he visibly wrapped up, pages, chapters, volumes, a world of long-imparted ideas : it is the epitome of all he has ever written worth remembering, the actual compendium of all he has ever publicly thought. Of such a man the name means something ; it has a posititive and a glorious signification ; the book he has written — even if it be not worth much in the inside— is worth something in the title-page. Such an author has changed his individual patronymic into a general term — there may be 110 reading in his pages — but there is reading in his name. This is a proud thought. Every man, then, who has raised himself to the honourable notice of the world, may rest assured that he has infused a touching signification into his very namp, which was before something — a mere ' sound,' ' signifying nothing.' " Si Talking of language,'' said Wimble don, " language is a bridge over which many silly thoughts, and one or two wise ones, in a century pass from the mind of one man into the miud of another. No w, some people make this bridge so excessively long for their unfortunate thoughts, that by the time they reach the end of their journey (which, between some minds is no trifle, and he glanced at one or two of those near him), they are so worn down and ema ciated, that they are utterly incapable of making their way into the mind they were destined for. Now Mr. Devon's thought has fallen down into my mind, and broken its neck, I suppose (added he, with an almost imperceptible sneer) on account of the loftv height from which it had to descend." " Ha ! ha ! ha ! Mr. Wimbledon," said ivl r. Peter Brown. " I think ;" said Devon quietly, " but I will not be positive, (all the circle attended in a sort of anxious hush) " that it is Miss Juiia Bankenwell, — yes, surely, it must be —what do you say, Mr. Brown — beyond the third chair, behind Mr. Wimbledon A sort of low laugh, ia which Gypsy Devon himself joined, followed this quiet remark, whose contemptuous significancy nobody could misunderstand. "Never shall you wed Miss Ormsby, Edward Devon," said Wimbledon to him self. Soon afterwards the party broke up, and now gentle reader, our scene must change to London. (To be continued. ) 