Latest English News. By the William, arrived yesterday from Hobart Town, we have received English news up to the 29th of last January brought to the above port by the Isabella convict ship. CHRISTENING OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. This ceremony was performed with great pomp at St. George's Chapel, Windsor. His Majesty the King of Prussia was present on the occasion. We have only space to make the following extract from a lengthy report of this interesting proceeding : THE CHRISTENING.-On the Queen's enter- ing the choir, the grand march from Judas Maccabeus was performed on the organ by Dr. Elvey. Before its completion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, and a signal was given to discontinue the performance. It was understood that her Mnjesty had expressed a wish that the ceremony should be protracted by instrumental performances, and thal it was in compliance with the Queen's express desire and that alone that any abreviation took place in the musical arrangements previously de- cided on. The organ having ceased the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of the bap- tismal service. His Grace read the beautiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impres- sive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Archbishop came to the questions propounded to the godfathers and godmothers of children brought to be baptised. His Grace then turning to the sponsors, most impressively demanded of them as follows: - " Dost thou, in the name of this Child, re- nounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, and the carnal desires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow, nor be led by them ? To this the King of Prussia replied for ihe sponsors generally, in conformity with the words of the Liturgy, " I renounce them all." His Majesty delivered this sentence and the other responses in the service quickly, but distinctly and emphatically. His accent did not appear to be at all that of a foreigner. The Archbishop having arrived at that part of the service in which he is to take the child into his arms, her Grace the Duchess of Bue- cleuch received the infant Prince from the nurse, who stood close to the Queen and Prince Albert, and delivered his Royal Highness to the Archbishop. His Grace held the royal child in his arms with the greatest care, surrendering the prayer book to the Bishop of London, who held it for him during this part of the solem- nity. His Grace then turned to the King of Prussia and the other sponsors, and said, " Name this child,'' His Majesty replied in a clear voice, " We name him Albert Edward." The Archbishop then performed the holy rite of sprinkling and signing the mark of the cross upon the child's forehead, saying, " Albert Edward I baptize thee, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The organ gave forth, and the con- gregation joined in a solemn " Amen." The Prince lifted his little hands on being sprinkled and crossed The Archbishop then delivered up the Prince to the Mistress of the Robes, who carried his Royal Highness to his nurse. Prince Albert was observed to wach most attentively his Royal Highness's progress from the font to the nurse's arms. The Queen also cast glances of motherly pride and delight at the youthful heir to the throne. The Prince of Wales appeared to be a remarkably fine boy, and behaved with most princely decorum. The Archbishop then offered up the thanks- giving for the admission of the child as a mem- ber of Christ's Church, and then, all kneeling, the holy prayer given to Christans by the Savi- our was most impressively delivered. At this moment the scene was solemn and magnificent in the extreme, and would afford a worthy sub- ject for the pencil of the artist. At the conclusion of the service, the Prince was carried from the choir to the chapter-room, and the organ pealed forth the magnificent " Hallelujah Chorus" of Handel. Prince Albert was observed to beat time during its performance, and the Queen cast repeated glances at the organ gallery, which, without any great stretch of imagination, might be construed to be expressive of Her Majesty's satisfaction and approbation. Her Majesty also, once or twice, during the ceremony, addressed herself to Prince Albert and the Lord Chamberlain. The chorus having been brought to a conclu- sion, the Queen curtseyed most gracefully, first to the King of Prussia and the Sponsors, then to the Archbishop and the Ecclesiastics, and then with a kindly smile to her uncle, the Duke of Sussex, who stood near her. Then taking Prince Albert's arm, Her Majesty left the choir in the same form as she entered it. The Queen having retired, the King of Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered his arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge and the rest of the Royal party. Tiie Archbishop and other Prelates next passed out of the chapel, leaving it by the south door. The company assembled in the body of the choir, were then permitted to pass to the altar table, to inspect the plate, the font, &c.; Great anxiety was shown to dip a handkerchief or glove into the water of the font brought from the Jordan, with a new to treasure up such articles as reminiscences of this auspicious occa- sion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach to the font and altar, that it was some time ere the chapel could be cleared. Among the occurrences of the day most parti- cularly observed, was, the devotion evinced by the King of Prussia. During the performance of the baptismal service, His Majesty never once was Seen to take his eyes from his book, save when he was called upon to answer the interroga- tories of the Archbishop. His Majesty's con- duct throughout the service, was indeed a pattern for princes and for subjects. Mr. Hayter was present, by command of Her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony; and Mr Baxter, the artist, was present, by Her Majesty's permission, for the same purpose. Mr. Thesiger has been prevailed on to take the place of Mr. Segeant Talfourd, as leading advocate of the rights of literature and science in the House of Commons, and that he has for some time been preparing a new bill for the further extension of copyright ; which, however, will be found extremely different in detail from the Sergeant's. Mr Charles Dickens sailed in the Britannia, from Liverpool, on Wednesday, on his way to the United States. Mr. Peel, an uncle of Sir Robert Peel, died very suddenly at Exmouth, in Devonshire, on Wednesday, January 5th, having fallen from his chair in a fit of apoplexy, while sitting at table with his son. He died intestate. It is ru- moured that he has left upwards of two millions of money. Thomas Hewett, a chartist, was indicted at the Norwich Quarter Sessions, for a riot at Calton New Church. He was a ringleader in creating a disturbance during the consecration of the church. The jury found him guilty of the minor offence of unlawfully assembling. He was sentenced to imprisonment for two months, and to find sureties, himself in £lOQ, and two house- holders in £50 each, to keep the peace for twelve months. Dr. Fowler, Bishop of Ossory, Ferns, and Leighlin, Ireland, against whom a commission of lunacy was recently taken out, expired at the Palace, Kilkenny, in January last. The de- ceased Prelate was in the 70th year of his age, and was consecrated Bishop of Ossory in May 1818. On Sunday afternoon, the Conway, 26. Capt. Bethune, from China, having on board two mil- lions of dollars, anchored in Plymouth Sound. She brings many invalids from the squadron in the Chinese seas. She was at the Cape of Good Hope on the 1st October. Government, it is currently reported, has resolved to establish a line of steam communi- cation beween the Pacific coast of South America and New Zealand, and the Australian Colonies. The authorities of Panama, we may add, have invited an English engineer to survey a line of rail-road across the Isthmus, and are most desirous that the line should be executed by an English company, to which they are pre- pared to grant extensive privileges. The Gazette notices the appointment of the Right Honorable Henry Hobhouse, to the Com- mission of Inquiry into the Exchequer Bill Rraud, and the management of the Exchequer Bill Office, in the room of Lord Ashburton. The Lord Chancellor has appointed Mr. Herman D. Mertens, of Margate, to be Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chan- cery. We understand that the Marquis of Exeter will be appointed Lord Lieutenant of the County of Northampton, in the place of the late Earl of Westmoreland. 