MISCELLANEA. The way to terrify-Prince Belloeel sky possessed to an eminent degree th talent of telling a glo'sory. At large party, one ev' g, the ladle drew their chairs a un him and ex claimed, " Do, rince, er rify us little." Upon this the prin? orderer the lights to be extingurl~yxfd, with thI exception of one, which was left burn ing in an adjoinirg apartment, tli door of which remained ajar. Th narrator commenced his tale, whicd turned, as might be expected, upor the apparition of a horrid phanton advancing slowly in ti!e midst of dark ness visible, towards a person in led For the last ten minutes the prine had kept his hand extended on a mar ble table; his voice assumed a sepul chral tone. All at once he applied hi icy hand upon the bare arm of hi hostess, who uttered a piercing scream The terrified auditors rushed into thb other room, and, in their confusion extinguished the solitary I ght. Th sudden darkness redoubled their panic At last the servants made their appear ance with flambeaux; and the Prince who began to be alarmed at thei suc cess of his experiment succeeded will some difficulty in calming the appre. hensions of his fair audience. ". La dies," said he, " 'tis all your owl fault : you requested me to terrify yot a little, and I like to make myself agree. able." A Member of Parliament.--i John Walter of the Times, went dow to Nottingham, spent fifteen thousan pounds, debauched the constituenc -and was returned. The Parliamen survived the return of Mr. Walte about five weeks, and having paii something more than £5C0 a night fo his privilege of sitting as a legislator and having made one silly pros3 speech, he found himself returned t, his private position £15,000 poorer ii pocket. Mankind moves onward through thi night of time tike a procession of tore bearers, and words are the lights whicr the generations carry. By means a these they kindle lamps along thei path, and some of these, like the stars shall shine for ever and ever. An Irish doctor advertises in a Dublii paper, that the deaf may hear of him a his house iri Lilry street, where his blind patients may see him from ten till three Coleridge tells a story of meeting r stranger whose silence during dinne time, and his attention to what otheri said, without interrupting them, gave hirira favourable impression of his un derstanding, till, unfortunately, on thi appearance of some apple dumpling! towards the close of the repast, thi delusion was dissipated by the stranger suddenly exclaiming - " Them's the jockies for me I" Chinese Notions of England.-. Chinese treatise on geography contain the following description of England -The kingdom of Yingkeih!e (Eng land) is a dependant or tributary stat of Holan (Holland.) Their garment and manners In eating and drinking ar the same. The males use much cloth and like to drink wine. The females before marriage, bind the waist, bein desirous to look slender. Their I.ai hangs in curls over their necks; the use a short garment and petticoats but dress to a larger cloth when the3 go out. They take snuff out of hoxe made of gold and threads' . This is lit parallel to the account ~iven of ou country by the Greek moij Malalus in the Pasehal Chronicle;, <., Britai is a city built by Clau?As Cesar o the border of the ocean." / The Leipsic Journa. ntier dat Constantinople, 1st ~.mber,- star that the Austrian Baron Welslar Brankenstein, had just embraced Islat ism in that city, and had received tl name of Achmet Bey. Rajaal Be who acted as sponsor to the conver made him a present of a Circassi slave and a horse. He who expends money properl is its master; he who lays it up, keeper; he who loves it, a fool; who fears it, a slave; and he v ho a?ec it. an idolater. "Cut your coat according to :I, cloth," is an old maxim and a wise ? and if people will only square t ideas according to their circumsta. how much happier might we all be. Conio: Edited by JAMES IIAtRISO and Printed and Published for Jo PASCOE FAWKNER (sole prllnriet by JOHN SCAMBLE, at the Advertilj Otlice, Yarra street, North Corio,4v tralin Felix, 