Lay sermon— pay the printer. (From the New York Mercury.) At the request of the editor of the Railway Herald, I will preach on this occasion from the following text : — If ye are honest, honourable men, Go ye and — pay the Printer. " My hearers, — There are many seem- ing trifles in this world which you are apt to overlook, on account of their unim- portance, the neglect of which has plung- ed thousands into the deepest mire of misery, and sunk their character into in- extricable degradation. Among these ostensible trifles that of neglecting to pay our honest debts is the most common, and attended with the worst conse- quence. It takes off the silken fur from the fine threads of feeling, creates a mis- anthropic coldness about the heart, skims off all the cream that may chance to rise upon the milk of generosity, and makes man look as savagely on his bro- ther man as does a dog upon one of his species, while engaged in the gratifying employment of eating his master's dinner. One debt begets another. I have always observed, that he who owes a man a dollar is sure to owe him a grudge, and he is always more ready to pay compound interest on the latter than on the former. Oh, my friends, to be over head and ears in love is as bad a predicament as a per- son ought to be in ; but to be so deeply in debt that you can't sleep at night with- out being haunted by the ghost of some insatiate creditor, is enough to give a man the hydrophobia, make him bite a wheelbarrow, cause it to run mad and to create a general consternation among the lamp posts. My dear friends, the debt that sits heaviest on the conscience of a mortal — if he has one— is the debt due to the printers. It presses harder upon one's bosom than the nightmare, galls the soul, frets and chafes every ennobling senti- ment squeezes the juice of fraternal sym- pathy from the heart, and leaves it drier than the surface of a roasted potato. A man who wrongs a printer out of a single cent can never expect to enjoy comfort in this world, and may well have doubts of finding happiness in the other. He will be sure to go down to the grave ere time shall bedeck his brow with the sil- very blossoms of age, and the green leaves of hope will fall before the bud of enjoyment has expanded. It is true that the mushrooms of peace may spring up during a short night of forgetfulness, but they will all wither under the scorch- ing rays of remorse. How can you, my friends, ever have the wickedness and cruelty to cheat the printer when you consider how much he has done, and is every day doing for you ? He has poured into the treasuries of your minds some of the most valuable gifts that any thing short of a God can bestow — aye, riches which you would not part with for the possession of the whole world and a mortgage on a small room of heaven. With the keys of magic, as it were, he has opened the iron-cased doors of the human understanding — dispelled the darkness of ignorance, and lit up the lamps of knowledge and wisdom. The mighty engine the Press, is surrounded by a halo of glory, and its effulgence ex- tends all over the broad empire of the mind, illuminating the darkest avenues of the heart; and yet the printer, the man who toils at the lever of this soul-enlight- ening instrument, is often robbed of his hard earned bread by those whom he has delivered from mental bondage and placed in a paradise, to lay off and grow fat upon the fruits of his labours ! Oh, you ungrateful sinners ! if you have hearts moistened with the dews of mercy, instead of gizzards filled with gravel, take heed what I say unto you. If there be one among you in the congregation whose accounts are not settled with the printer, go and adjust them immediately, and be able to hold up your heads in society like a giraffe ; be respected by the wise and the good, free from the tor- tures of a guilty conscience, the mortifi- cation of repeated duns, and escape from falling into the clutches of these licensed thieves the lawyers. If you are honest and honorable men, you will go forthwith and pay the printer. You will not wait for the morrow, because there is no to- morrow ; it is but a visionary receptacle for unredeemed promises; an addled egg in the great nest of the future ; the debtor's hope and the creditor's curse. If you are dishonest, low-minded sons of satan, I do not suppose you will ever pay the printer as long as you have no repu- tation to lose, no character to sustain, and no morals to cultivate. But let me tell you, my friends, that if you don't do it your paths to the tomb will be strewn with thorns, you will have to ga- ther your daily food from brambles, your children will die of dysentery, and your- selves will never enjoy the blessings of health ! I once called on a sick person whom the doctors had given up as a gone case. I asked him if he had made his peace with his Maker. He said he thought he had squared every thing up. I enquired if he had forgiven all his enemies. He replied yes. I then asked him if he had made his peace with his printer. He hesitated for a moment and then said, he believed he owed him something like about two dollars and fifty cents, which he desired to have paid before he bid good bye to the world. His desire was immediately gratified, and from that he became convalescent. He is now living in the enjoyment of health and prosperity, at peace with his own conscience, his God, and the whole world. Let this be an example for you, my friends. Patronise the printer, take the papers, pay them in advance, and your days will be long upon the earth, and overflowing with the honey of happiness. My bearers pay all your debts, and keep an honorable reckoning with your fellow men ; but above all keep paying, by daily instalments, that everlasting debt of gratitude which you owe to Him from whom you obtained the capital sufficient to begin the first transactions of life, so that when you come to balance accounts at the day of general settlement all things may appear fair and above board. " So may it be." 