ENGLAND. SANATORY CONDITION OF THE LABOURING POPULATION.—Cleanliness," old John Wes- ley was wont to say, "is next to godliness ;" and in fact there is a much closer connexion- between physical and moral purity than ma- ny suspect. An eminent manufacturer of Leeds, who has upwards of 600 men in his employ, in the course of an examination in- to the condition and habits of the working population remarked. "It is always an in- dication of looseness of character, and a low standard of moral conduct, to see a mechanic in dirt or in his working clothes on Sunday. Thirty years' experience, " continues the same well-informed witness, ; leaves me to draw a very unfavorable conclusion as to the fu- ture usefulness to me, and of success to him- self, of any workman whom I see in dirt on "Sunday." The condition of the workman's dwelling is no less an index of his moral habits than his dress ; and we affirm on very accurate information, that the depression of tenantment is practically the depression of the condition and habits of the tenant. " Filth is more frequently evidence of depravity than destitution," is the observation of Dr Scott Alison. With broken panes in every window, and filth and vermin in every nook, with walls unwhite-washed for years, black with smoke of foul chimnies, without water, with corded bed-stocks for beds, and sacking for clothing, without out-offices, with stagnant puddles and heaps of filth before, their doors emitting pestilence and death—with all these physical barriers to their improvement, what chances have any moral agencies alter, ex- tensively and permanently, the condition of the labouring population? The familiarity with the sickness and death which are con- stantly present in the crowded and unwhole- some districts of London, Manchester, Edin- burg, or Glasgow, appears to re-act as an- other concurrent cause in aggravation of the wretchedness and vice in which they are steeped to the lip. The miserable inhabi- tants of these districts, of which we are draw- ing no imaginary picture, but recapitulating evidence of their state, and reciting sights we have ourselves seen—the dwellers in these sad regions, feeling the uncertainty of the morrow, really heed it not but abandon themselves, like soldiers in a war, or citizens visited with pestilence, to whatever gross en- joyment they can reach. When Dr. Arnott and another gentleman, in company with the municipal officers of Edinburg, recently visi- ted the wynds of that town, one of them re- marked to Captain Stuart, the superinten- dent of police, that life must be held cheap in such a spot, that officer stated in reply that a short time before a man had been execu- ted for the murder of his wife in a fit of pas- sion in the very room in which the observa- tion was thus causally made, and within a short distance where the habitations which had witnessed the atrocious murders perpe- trated by Hare and Burke. The inhabi- tants of these wynds, in which Dr. Arnott state that he found more filth, and worse physician and moral suffering, than Howard has described as affecting the prisoners of his time, and which may equally be found at this very hour in many portions of London, expressed unbounded astonishment on be- holding such a visitor, having seen none of equal condition beneath their roofs before ! And yet close at hand were slumbering in unconscious insecurity the opulent, the lovely, the luxurious, little dreaming of the pool of poison beside whose margin their heads were laid. " When were you last washed ?'' was a question put more than once to the inmates of these Edinburg wynds, and the common answer, rendered with un- ruffled composure was, " When I was last in prison." In fact, the circumstances of physical filth in which, they dwelt appeared to have obliterated also all moral perceptions, and transformed them, to adopt the language of a careful, cautious eyewitness, "into some- thing like better than wild beasts." All civil and social regulations are neglected. Upon Dr. Arnott's, asking some children in one of the rooms of the wynds, in which they swarmed in Glasgow, what were their names, they hesitated to answer, when one of the inmates said, they call them———, mentioning some nick names. "The fact is," observed Captain Miller," the superin- tendent of the police, " they really have no names. Within this range of buildings I have no doubt I should be able to find a thousand children who have no names what- ever, or only names like dogs."—What apt instruments for political commotions may be readily found in such a population, it needs no stateman's sagacity to discern. But not solely is moral disorder coincident with pes- tilence, but also decay of labouring strength which demands serious national attention. The bodily strength of the individuals of the labouring population of this country has long been recognized as superior to that of any other European nation. This is no illu- sion of mere national vanity; we are not about to repeat what in our boyhood we were taught devoutly to believe—That one En- glishman is equal to three Frenchmen ; but we have before us the practical evidence of some of the most eminent employers of la- bourers from the chief countries in Europe, that in strength of body, combined with strength of will, the common English labour- er is superior to either the German or Nor- man workman. But in the manufacturing districts this strength is abating in an alarm- ing degree. In the evidence of recruiting officers, collected under the Factory Con- mission of Inquiry, it was shown that fewer recruits of the proper strength and stature for military service are obtainable now than heretofore from Manchester and we are cred- ibly informed that the sons of the labourers now employed in the most important manu- factories in that town are generally inferior in stature to their parents. The stunted size of a Manchester rioter must strike every observer, and this deteriorated size is atribu- ted by competent medical officers to bad air, bad lodging, and bad food, " which cau- ses the children to grow up an enfeebled and diminutive race of men." Dr. Mitchell, in his report on the condition of the hand-loom weavers of Spitalfields, adduces evidence on this point :—" They are decayed in their bodies, the whole race of them is rapidly de- scending to the size of Lilliputians. You could not raise a Grenadier company among them all. The old men have better com- plexions than the young."—Another witness, who says there were once men as well made in the weaver trade as any other, recollects the Bethnal-green and Spitalfields Regi- ment of Volunteers during the war as good- looking bodies of men." Sir James M'Gregor, the Director- General of the Army Medical Board, stared before the factory Commissi- on, that a corps levied from the agricultural districts in Wales, or the northern counties of England, will last longer than one recui- ted from the manufacturing towns from Bir- mingham, Manchester or near the metropolis. Since strength of a nation does not consist in the mere numbers of its population, but on the relative number of those who are of the age and strength for labour, the above recorded deterioration of physical strength, and also abridgement of the duration of life, which we advisedly attribute to adverse sa- natory circumstances, are to be viewed with the deepest concern. If we are asked to in- dicate a remedy for this evil, we point to the history of the British navy, as disclosing the surest, the most effectual ones, in im- proving ventilation, cleanliness, dress, and diet. Every reader of so familiar a book as the narrative of Anson's voyages will remem- ber that the average amount of deaths in a moderate ship's company was frequently ten a day. We read of bodies sewn up in ham- mocks, and floating about the decks, the scurvy-smitten survivors being too weak to cast them overboard. In the year 1726, when Admiral Hosier sailed with seven ships of the line to the West Indies, he bu- ried his ships' companies twice, and died himself of a broken heart. Within the li- mits of that same South American station, of whose "foul climate" poor Admiral Ho- sier's ghost is made poetically to complain, a single ship, the " Centurion," exactly a century ago, lost 200 out of 400 men, by scurvy. The climate we believe to be the same as it was in the days of Hosier and An- son; but to show how the effects of climate may be neutralised by proper precautions, we will record the fact that from 1830 to 1840 the British squadron employed on the South American station lost, by diseases of every description, only 115 out of 17,254 ! Dr. Wilson, in his medical returns of naval mortality, observes in a calculation, includ- ing deaths front all sources, from wounds and drowning, as well as disease, that in 1779 the proportion dying was 1 in 8 of the employed; in 1811, 1 in 32; and in 1830 to 1838 the average number dying annually was 1 in 72 of the employed. The scurvy, which was once ignorantly supposed to have some necessary relation to a sea life, and is now almost unknown on board a man-of- war, but still prevails in the mercantile navy, where a similar attention is not paid to the cleansing of the ship, and the dress and diet of the crew. Lemon juice now plentifully used on board our men-of-war is undoubtedly useful in arresting scurvy, in its earliest stages, but in the opinion of high medical authorities, general and personal cleanliness; ventilation, liberal supplies of good water, the diminished use of strong grog and un- changing junk, and the substitution of cocoa, vegetables, and more varied diet, are the grand agents to which the improved health of our navy is to be ascribed. If we direct our inquiries into, the sanatory condition of the army, we find that such epidemics as typhus, scarlet fever, &c.;, are scarcely known as affecting large masses of that body of our countrymen, as heretofore, and would be in- stantly imputed to gross neglect, by the chiefs of the army medical board, if they should happen to occur to any extent in any regi- ment. The discipline of the fleet and the camp cannot be administered in the alley and the court, but the present condition of our army and navy, especially when com- pared with their former sanatory state, fur- nish encouraging examples of the wholesome effects wrought upon the human frame by cleanliness and fresh air under the most try- ing circumstances.—Abridged from the Lon- don Times. PRINCE ALBERT'S HUSSARS ADMONISHED —THE EARL OF CARDIGAN REPROVED.—On Friday, about twelve o'clock (says the Brig- ton Herald,) the Adjutant-General, Sir John Macdonald, arrived at our cavalry bar- racks; and, as soon as Major Rotten and Captain Forrest and John W. Reynolds had arrived from Chichester, the whole of the officers of the regiment were ordered to be assembled ; and Sir John addressed them to the following effect. He begun by requesting the serious at tention to the communication of which he was the bearer from the General Command- ing-in-Chief, and trusted that a due attenti- on the admonitions of that officer would tend to promote their welfare and happiness. He then told them that it was perfectly useless for any of them to make any further, com- plaints against the Earl of Cardigan ; for that Lord Hill had determined to listen to nothing which had heretofore occurred—that on this point Lord Hill was peremptory : but that any complaint of any future conduct of the "Lieutenant-Colonel of the regiment should be promptly inquired into and redress- ed. The Adjutant-General then pointed out to the officers the impossibility of any re- giment, if called into active service, efficient- ly performing its duty unless there subsisted a cordial feeling and good understanding be- tween the Lieutenant-Colonel and his offi- cers ; and he hoped most sincerely to see a perfectly friendly feeling reestablished, and unanimity again prevail throughout the corps. After some further remarks, Sir John turned to the Earl of Cardigan, an sta- ted that Lord Hill trusted that, in the com- mand of the regiment, he (the nobler earl) would exercise moderation and forbearance; and added it was Lord Hill's opinion, that the numerous complaints which had been made to him as Commander-in- Chief would never have occurred if the Lieutenant-Col- onel of the 11th Hussars had evinced a pro- per degree of temper and discretion in the ex- ercise of his command.—Here ended the Ad- jutant-General's remarks. And we are in- forrmed that when the Earl of Cardigan found that he was to come off scot-free a second time in his life, be white-washed from his of- fences—offences which would have cashiered any officer in the service not protected and sheltered by over-whelming influence—he was delighted beyond measure; but when he found himself reproved and reprimanded before those officers whom he had so fre- quently treated with arrogance, oppression, and insult, his countenance changed, and the agony of his soul was perceptible to all. [The Chronicle says the admonition was much lighter than is here represented.] A line of rails has been laid down between Cheltenham and Gloucester, and experimen- tal trips have been made during the past week. SWINDLING EXTRAORDINRY.—On Wed- nesday, about five o'clock in the afternoon, a young gentleman, about twenty-five years of age, slight figure, rather sallow complex- ion, about the middle height, wearing a black Newmarked coat, black satin waistcoat, and figured silk stock, and who, it was sup- posed from his accent, to be an Englishman, called at the house of Messrs. Waterhouse and Company, Dame-street, and having in- spected some gold watches, presented his card of address; but, before deciding on which he would purchase, requested that they might be sent to his residence for his father's approval, which was accordingly com- plied with; and having retired from the presence of the bearer of the watches on that pretext, absconded with four of them, and has not since been heard of. On the mor- ning of the 23rd, Messrs. Waterhouse re- ceived a letter by post, enclosing pawnbro- kers tickets' for three of the watches. The one still unaccounted for is a gentleman's large-sized gold lever, double bottom, eight holes jewelled, hard dial, No. 28,957 on move- ment, and no name. The party who ab- sconded with the watches left the house he purported to live in about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes past six, without his hat, in a covered car, and proceeded to Plunket's Pawn- office, in Chapel-street, then to Booth's in Bride-street; and afterward's to Lynag's, also in Baide-street, in each of which places he pawned one of the gold watches, as appears by the duplicates. The following is a copy of the letter received by post.—" Sir—enclosed I send you three of the "tickets of your watches. The amount I got on them, you will perceive, is £17. I have kept one, because you wanted £26 for it, and all they would lend on it was £8., and I know I can get £14 or £16 down in the country. As soon as I come in for my es- tate in —, I shall remit you the amount, £41. You may rely on my word I will pay you as soon as I can for them. Excuse me till then.—"DONALD ROSS." DEATH OF MR. YATES.— We regret to an- nounce the death of Mr. Frederic Yates, the, spirited, enterprising, and talented perfor- mer and manager of the Adelphi Theatre, took place on Thursday afternoon at Euston- square, having just reached town by the Bir- mingham Railway. It will be remembered that he had once or twice ruptured a blood- vessel, and he had for some time been in a declining state.—London Paper,. SINGULAR EXHIBITION.—A noted rat- catcher, whose veracity was long disputed, respecting the number of rats said to be caught by him, hit on the following novel mode of certifying his statements, to pre- serve the tail of every rat he destroyed, and in a few years he has collected 43 bushels of rats' tails, which with 30 perfectly white rats, he exhibits at the charge of a penny or two- pence, according to his customers' apparent resources. This very useful member of society has, by the profit of his trade, added the name of farmer to that of rat-catcher, and after the "season" is over, enjoys his otium cum dignitate by his farm fireside.— Salisbury Herald. A SINGULAR FACT.—There is now living in Rockdale a brother and sister, whose names are Adam and Eve Walton ; they ar- twins. Adam was born two minutes before twelve o'clock at night, on the 31st of De- cember, 1816; and Eve at three minutes after twelve, January 1, 1817. What is more singular, the mother of Adam and Eve has had 24 children, which were born in the following manner:—The first child that she bore was a son, and afterwards she had twins, and until she had accomplished the the number of her children she alternately bore twins and single births. HEALTH OF SIR ROBERT PEEL.—Is with deep regret that we announce that a report has reached us, from a source which is en- titled to our highest respect, that during the last few weeks the premier's health has be- come materially impaired, and that his indis- position is making such alarming strides that it is expected he will shortly resign. What- ever may be our opinion of the premier's policy—and he certainly has not had our support—we cannot but hope that the fears of our informant are unfounded, and that his respect for the private character of Sir Robert—a respet, we will make bold to say, which is shared by men of all parties—has led him to entertain apprehensions which circumstances will not bear out. In the present state of the country, a change in the government, we think, would be produc- tive of very mischievous consequences, but if it do take place, we hope that the premier will leave office in perfect health, and as free from the taint of disease, as he will be from that of dishonour.—British Queen. EXPERIMENTAL TRIP TO HOLYHEAD.—The splendid steamer, the Princess Royal, made an experimental trip to Holyhead on Mon- day, with a view to prove in what time a first-class steamer would be able to effect the passage to and fro from Kingstown. The project was set on foot by the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Sir Ed- ward Borough, Bart, High Sheriff of the City of Dublin, and Sir Richard Bulkeley Williams, Bart., in order to satisfy the Lords of the admiralty of the facility there existed for lessoning the time now occupied in the transmission of mails between England and Ireland. Lieutenant Smale, R. N., with a master and engineer in the service of the Ad- miralty, were on board to report the circum- stances attendant upon the voyage. Up- wards of fifty persons, ladies and gentlemen, were on board. About twelve minutes af- ter eight she parted her moorings, and in three minutes passed the light-house at the end of the eastern pier, from which point time was taken, two signal guns having been fired. The light-ship was gained in thirty eight minutes, and the Welsh coast was seen in two hours twenty-five minutes. The early part of the day was at times misty; it remained so but a few minutes at a time and then cleared off. The wind was from S. S. W. on the vessel's beam, and an ebb tide going into the harbour of Holyhead in some degree retarded her progress. On nearing the harbour the quay was crowded with thousand of the inhabitants ; the gallery of the light-house was thronged with ladies and gentlemen, and the greatest anxiety seemed to predominated amongst them. Two sig- nals guns were fired on her passing the end of Holyhead pier which she accomplished in four hours forty-two minutes. Chief Jus- tice Doherty and, several gentlemen of the principality were in waiting on the pier to receive the visitors. The voyagers landed to see the town, and the vessels were soon thronged with the eager and curious to in- spect the cabins, &c.; At thirty-four mi- nutes past one o'clock she passed the pier on her voyage home, having to back out of the harbour owing to the state of tide ; and af- ter a most agreeable passage, she arrived in Kingstown harbor at two minutes past six, p. m., accomplishing the voyage oat in four hours and forty-two minutes, and back in four hours and twenty-eight minutes.. The shortest time in which it was ever before performed, we understand, was five and twenty-eight minutes. A sumptuous break- fast was spread for the company, and at three a very elegant dejeuner was laid out, to which the most ample justice was awarded. A certificate of the times of her sailing and departure, as stated above, was signed by all the passengers. The weather in Wales was exceeding hot—the day all through fine. Not a drop of rain fell until the vessel approach- ed Kingstown.—Saunders. 