THE CORNWALL CHRONICLE. SATURDAY EVENING, MAY 14. May 6, 1642. Rev. Sir, — Hearing jour discourse on tlmt put of our Lord's prayer, recorded in the 17lh chapter of John (Thy Woid is Truth). the two Erst headi or which I listened to with pleaiure and pro6t ; but there were «ome ob aervationt on the third head, in cefetence to the Established Church, to which I beg leave to make a few otnemtiom, and the desire la promote the knowledge of the Truth. I ho|ic will be a sufficient apology for the liberty I take. . . That you, Sir, as a minister of th*t cnurcn, should advocate its interest! (which I trust you do conscientiously), I cannot for « moment flnd fault with i but it's the duty of Chmluini to endeavour tn convince each other of what we connive to be errors of which puhlic teachers should he as free as possible, as by virtue of their office there's dancer of leading othei. into the same. The Word of Cod is Indeed the Truth, and you said the Church of England is built on that Word. Th» asser tion led my mind into a train or thought on the Hitu.il and Liturgy, which I could not Ind to be according to that Word, inasmuch at there is neither eiample nor precept therein recorded to sanction any such form, it being established liy human authority, comprehend. ing the greatest part of the nation, whether pious or not j whereas a Christian Church in tht Wotd of Truth is composed of godly per tons oaly. The offices of the church are liable to the tame objections. The monarch (whether pious or not) at the head of, and Appointing Bishops, Diocetian Bishops, Archdeacons, Deacons, Deans, Prcbenderiet, Canons, Minor Canons, Vicars General, Commisiioners, Official', Chan. cellors, Surrogates, Proctors, &c;, evidently of P«pi»h original, and which Chrirt never ap. pointed, nor is there anything in the New Testament to warrant; and being offices or profit, are on that account more sought after than a concern for the saltation of souls, and have generally been filled by worldly-minded — i»n. ftfutitiitr of divine grace. Did or would Christ sanction such to govern in his church ? He say-, ' My kingdom is not of this world.' The members of his church ?re regenerated and spiritual ; and is it not , because carnal men have been admitted and ruled, that so many errors have event in and ?till remain in the Liturgy, which the good Reformers (just emerging from Popish dark ness) could nut discern. The ceremonies of , the church are equally untcrintufa.1, unrea- ! eonable, and ridiculous; as also the subscrip- j tion to articles, that the church requires an ' authority which Cbritt never committed to any agan or body of men. Imposing ministers on congregations ht also j without foundation in Truth, imposed, as they frequently are, by men who know nothing of real religion, nor what the qualifications of a minister of Christ should be ; and as to the discipline, it is notorious that there is no foun dation in Truth for it, as pious ministers have no power to keep unregeneraled persons from Approaching the Lord's table, which is de signed only for those who have true faith, and no uanrgenerated person has that, consequently cannot dissever the Lord's body, nnd mutt eat condemnation to themselves; for, should the miniitrr prohibit hint, he could put the minisler into the Ecclesiastical Court, and if by favor, lie can procure the fcvor of the Chancellor (though the most infamous sinner in the parish), be can go to the table and bid defi ance to the minister, who dares not refuse to administer to him. Multitudes of errors might be pointed out, which would require more time than my humble circumstances and j occupation will admit of. j Tou also said that truths flowed from her pulpits. I am very glad that I can bear tetti. ' mony that it has flawed clearly and ably from I the pulpit in Longford Church ; but. Sir, take i the aggregate, and I think you will not find ! more than one in a thousand that are so highly favoured as the |ieople of Longford. Generally, her ministers know not the truth, at least experimentally, and therefore impog. ?ible for them to preach it, though they have taken a solemn oath before Cud that they were . moved by tbe Holy Ghost to take tlw office upon them. Their discourses, in general, are not gospel preaching, but mere moral lectures, , while many of their lives are inconsistent and some immoral, winked at by dignitaries be cause of family connexions, 4c. And can such | be a church founded on and governed by the word of truth? If it is not, is it not an anti. ' christ f You are aware that the Church of Rome is called such, as alto the Whore of Babylon and Mother of Harlots— and. if she , is m mother, she must have daughter*; and we shall do well to inquire who they a'e, lest we - be ensnared by their arts; for Solomon says, I ?? They lie in wait to deceive, and me a deep ditch and narrow pit, and incrcaseth trans. grewion amongst men.' The daughter mutt proceed from and bear some resemblance to the | mother. Without at present inquiring after ' others, it i« sufficient for us at present to know I that the Church or England proceeded from j the Church of Rome, under and by the autho. ritjr of that monster Henry tbe Eighth, ivho j arrogated to himself the authority of the Pope, and made himself the bead bishop, and framed the church on a similar plan, united it to the state by acts of Parliament (mere human au thority), tvith |»mp, wealth, and honours, a written service, and possessing a persecuting | spirit, as her history too well proves; and to this i day there is a bitterness hankering in and often manifesting itself, though the evangelical part manifest a belter feeling towards those who differ from them: and are not there character. ktic likenesses of (be Babylonian Unrlnt, pros tituting sacred things to worldly and base pur. poses, and often, a- it proved itself to be, a creature of the state, and stepping-stone to places and worldly honours. John heard a voice saying, ?? Cnme out of her my people, and be not partakers or her sins, lest ye also be partaken or her plagues.' If there were none or his people in her com. munion this call would not have been given, therefore the circumstance of there being many «f his people in the Church of England is no proof ef her being founded on truth. The time u nearly expired when Ilia Mother of Harlots is to be destroyed ; anrl rely on it the daughters will fall with Irer, and great will be their plagues. (See Revelations, chap, iviii.) That due attention ma; be given lo this call is tbe motive of A Lover of Truth. To the Rev. Mr. Davis. 