DR. LANG'S REPLY. To the Editor of the Colonial Observer!.'-,' Sydney, 17th Feb., 1842. A Sm — Although Solomon has left it on record that a " threefold cord is not quickly broken," it must always be taken for granted that the materials of which that cord y wii—w jm+uammm >ULdWi#iLmiliHw— ii»i»<iHiimWf— TTrTm /.ordinary effort to break it asunder. Whe- > tlier the "threefold cord" that has been so ! industriously plaited by the Rev. gentlemen ! Avho have concocted the foregoing document ; is of this description, I shall leave your I readers to determine. When I returned to the Colony in March i 'last I delivered an address to my congrega- i tiori on the subject of my mission to Erig- j land, in the course of which I expressed I a decided opinion that the principle of the ?'; politico-ecclesiastical system of this Colony, f agreeably to which all religions arc regarded > by the?1 Government as alike good or evil, . and alikfe deserving of State support, was an anticliistian and infidel M principle that! : Avould be productive only of evil to the in-' tevests of the 'Christian religion and of thei Colony at large : arid as I had recently made, ay' extensive tour 'in a country in?- Which There is no Civil Establishment of I'rcligibnv'but in wliich Christianity is left!, to AVpifkits-own Avay in the community, I; wap strongly of opinion, from the result! ,.of my own observations in that country,; /'that 'it1 would be greatly preferable for; : ytljo ' interests and' advancement of . 'thei >£bristi.aii reljgiqn generally, anjd of the! Presbyterian Church in particular, if a! similar; system Avere introduced into this! "Colony ; the politico-ecelessiasticai system! /-actually in existence in N!eAy South Wales1 Fbeing- not. only unwarranted by the Confes-: foiqn of Faith and other Standards 6f the 'Clturcli pf -Scotlarid, but expressly opposed! -Ho; tjidiri, ' Holding' this -opinion, hoAvever, I saAV' rehsqn for breaking With my brethren! on; that' /accpuyt, or creating a schism! un the.bpdy, to which I belonged. I ac- 'tcbrdingiy signed the bond of union, and ctitBij'qdiyhe1 Synod Ayith a sittcere desire to: all its, objects for the; adArancement: vpf:religi9n.aud morality, 'and especially for, -the extension and edification of the -Pres- ' bytrihjh /Church' ' in/thfe land. With this: f ient all; my influence. and personal! efforts, towards, carrying out/the act ofl Synod for the removal of the four ministers! at/Iaitrid arid' Parramatta, alfooughthat; net, bad been/passed; previous,, to my return! 'to the' Colony, and' consequently, Avithout my I ;?preyipus knowledge and' concurrence ;; f e- ! .peatedly - visiting, . bofoTocaiities. -in person,;': SMid'- holding frequent arid' protracted' meet/' , remove, the, objections ! "(Of! the; Christian: '.people in that vicinity- ttf-i !! Him; act /$ \Synbdy ,;:iapd/itp/.inducar'ihfem;tp leci,n,s, tlipir mirife present! pastor!, iitheevioliuV'Taiti'' ' . ; , /i'3i?t%b)v;Ayere all- these efforts. responded i to;' by; Mr.» Tait ?— for t have no; liesita- ' vtiOn iri; ' Expressing . my. belief anii>$pnvi&- \- 0 n/ blfh-t f hf- 13 entirely/ to b! petiy end con- fomptiblc jealousy on the, part of font gen- tlempp/!tpw;ai?d3, myself, -as, a. person of 'rioi-hp! standing /arid influence in foiacomi Umriity, < rip d- - especially in the Colonial PrcahytpriaiV Cimrch, that all that, lias, rei- < ceritly occurred ' is . to be ascribed ; Mr. Fb Jlprtph; a man of fouclV inferior- in telfect jaiid standipg, being , greatly- if npt, , entirely under Mr. T.'8-influenoe, andMr. MTntyre; like Barnabas, in . the apostolic Church, fiemfiarrie,d mbay, by their. waitdissinm-r lation: See Galat. il. > l'3i— — Wliy/!q sooner j Avas, ait/settled at ParramatVp, than M»etpubUslie.dr a-.sihait.paihphlei/oh'.'-the .state of the vChiircii ' in Farramat?ta . and Mait- ' vjahimtllMtirse; of Wjpfcii lie took occa-' 'siorn to ( inform his 'readers npt feAver than tlureo/'-b.i;'-;fpur-fiipes' 'in succession, that! X lirtd!,.. /been /adimtted;. into, the "Synod merely on sufferance, arid' through- the great forbqarance6fthe'SypQd;;Avbo.might, have brought. ipE/io; triabfor. my past procedure "in thdColony,uf' they had chbsCni Now, to thrficfoidicdrd,'' fois statement; which Avas totally pncnlled'hirj Ayas also; inconsistent u)ithfiie)/abls 'offiftgcas&Si; the express, ar-; 1 mngement-concluded with- the. Assembly's; v'CopiWittTO'/in- dLdinJforgh,. tin . Siepfember 18311/, being; foafbptii; bpdips in the Colony . should, unite into: "one Synod' Avithout any bpmjromise ;pn ; eiflsjdp arrangement: \vould-,Iever have assented; itjiey in;E(linbur ' j In.regqrd.to the, alleged deference evinced .tpAvards me at tlie . annual meeting of 'Sypod . in. '.Octpbefrhjaty -it Avas , some.Avhat!- jsirigularly'.eyl Mr. !Tait— in! one iinporlantpprtipular, vi/,; :— the choice of 'ra Mpdeptpr./ .he, principle that had pre- v\6iiy/imlrmly/been acted on in the ' 'Choice of this officer being tliat of rotation, ' -'and I, as the bidest Jesbyteriaii Minister in tl\p, -Colony, .being, at the headvof the list, it> 'Avasnpoible-tu pessime over on such an ccapion Avithont.a, personal, ;in ten tione.1, and . mtadnsult,;''. whose . Office it was tp propose the new Moderator, -nevertheless, passed ine over and-riominat'ed re-X_ prceiying, however, that il I sat silent I should be proposed myself, and not Avishing either to divide the Synod, or to occupy the chair, I immediately seconded Mr.Tait's motion, before Mr.Fullerton, Aylio, it had been prcvioitsly arranged, should do. so, liad time to carry that arrangement into effect. As a proof, hoAvever, that Mr. M'In- tyre Avas in it also — I mean in the petty plot to tliroAv disrespect on me — although the Rev. Mr. Atchison subsequently pro posed me, and Avas seconded by Mr. James Smith, Mr.M'Intyre, in professing to decline the honour himself, proposed Mr. Fullerton ! Noav, although I treated this display of unfriendly and hostile feeling toAvards my self with the scorn it merited, and used all rriy influence to get Mr.M'Intyre appointed Mo derator, the thing, avus noticed — very gently, hoWever, — in' the Colonial Observer; in which it avus stated, in reference both to the Moderatorship and the pamphlet, that if such unAVorthy and factious pro ceedings Avere repeated, it Avould be ne cessary to conjure up the ghost of the old Colonist to frighten tlie parties concerned into propriety. This remark, which, I believe, was made in adiumorous and playful style, half in joke and half in earnest, appears, from, subsequent and very frequent allusions, .to- it, to have been taken in so very different and serious aspirit, tha the Avhole three R.ev. gentlemen seem never to have had a sound! , sleep since from fear of the ghost ! In regard to my Gibing appointed con-; vener of so many 'qp the Synod's Com mittees— -a circumstance that appears to; have given, the gentlemen of the "three-! fold cord'' serious annoyance — it was no proof of the extraordinary deference of the Synod towards myself, but a mere matter of course. For as it is -the uniform custom: in Scotland to appoint any minister,. Avho' brings forAvard any neAv scheme of benevo-, lent or Christian action in a Church Court,; Convener of tlie Comiriittee appointed for! carrying out that partibular object, and as ! everything of the kind that Was brought forward at the meeting of Synod Avas. so brought by myself— viz., the Australian College for the training up. of-. young- men for the ministry; Mr. MR n tyre's Mission to England, to bring out additional ministers,; the Qrplian School and. the German Mis- sionit Ayas- a mere matter, of course ; that I should be appointed Convener of tlie Committees for all; these objects. If I have hitherto, been -in; the van, of the. /Christian and: benevolent movements of-tha. Presbyterian Church, Avhile others have been in the, rear it is srirely their fault and, not mine. " ! ' ; -lptwiths.tanding the ebullitions of petty feeling, above-men tioned I confess-Iaugured most favourably for the ' Presbyterian Church in this Colony from the prpceedr ings of the Synod in Oct.last; and although there Avas still much in, the aspect andcharac-.- ter of that Church which Pcpuld not appr.ovp: of, I . expressed riiyself acpordingly, and X did, so in.the exercise of that-ciiristian, charity , Avhich- " hopeth all things and belie veth all; things." But as it. is a principle of the divide- legislation and government that, '.' wheii, righteous man dqtli turn from ins righteous-! ness, and'commitiriiqaity, hisTigliteousries's;! Avhich' he hath done shrill riot berememberedj" : ,(Ezek. iii. 20.) is it at! all astonisli.ing. ths|. a, change should haye come: over, the spirit of my dream, Avheiv. all this fair pros/ pect; was>; suddenly blighted, and bla'stEd by the " armed; cqnjEederriPy'' with Avhicii!. IJ' had t,o , main tain , sp , heartless and : hopeless i a struggleiat the: late meetings of the Presby tery of Sydney and, Commission of. Synod ? Then 1 1 saw arid felt at' oiice hopes ;I, had; spi longand!SQi.ar.dently cHeii rished, - in; regard ta the good that might lie .effeotedpfor tlie extensioii andpedificaia'ph !pf the' Presbyterian. Chprch in this Territory, through, the Syjiod of Australia <ts, at pre-) sent constituted,: had issued in the bitterest disappointment/ 'fhis feeling apd1 coriyiciv tioii afose from a variety of. cirbunstahpes! arid, events; that occurred- on the occasipni1 referred to, but particularly-from the!condnCt : I experiencedin regard" to the Australian. College and Mr. Whytl'aw's .memorial, fliat! Wridnct --I . could, npt help, regarding as < un»; feeling, lioartless, hostile, and malignant in the highest degree. ' ' ; ! Qn the 30tlV September las.t. the Colpriial ! Gpvernraent;had;tlh.eatenedtliei Australian .College, through: mj self as- its ostensible head, .with immediate. annihilation, by Ide- maiiding thcinstarit; rbpayment of an .adyanpe of,. 30'!!. ; granted ;t p. thgt; institution: .at; its- establishment ten years before. On the l'lth October folloAving,1 thp Synod; liad at my sftggestipn arid, request,, 'rebd,! gs it8fb'Ayn.replutipri expressesrili!to, 'isatictipn af curriculum, embracing Latin -and : Grbek taught- by one . Professor ; Logic an Morel Philosop%by;anpther;,and.Mathematic Natural Philosophy by a, third ;— being the . L ni' J'W rih'gtXjit ( Candidates' for-, the Ministry in the Mother Church, Avheriever the Australian College shall be in a condition to fure; sh the same." Noav my fisit to Port Pnillip and Van Die- man's Land, which was undertaken with the previous sanction and concurrence of the elders and Committee of Management of ' my congregation, and Avhich was atteiided with such remarkable and unexpected suc cess, Avas so undertaken to avert this threat ened calamity on the one hand, by raising the Institution to the level contemplated by the Synod, in the bargain they had thus vir tually entered into AVith myself as tlie: responsible head of the Institution, ou the: other. It is vain for the authors of the "threefold cord" to attempt to make out a case of ' discrepancy between my state ments .in Van pieman's Land, which were' fpuuded on the express words of the; Synod's resolution, (of Avhich I had taken! several printed copies with me to appeal- to as iriy Avarrant,) and the facts of the' .case. The Synod had left itself no discre tionary poAver in the matter It had bound -itself hard and fast, by the resolution re ferred tp,t to recognizp the proposed cur riculum, -as soou as- the> requisite number of unexceptionable professors in the three, departments 'should be appointed Ayitli a feir prospect ! of" support ; and the, sixnple duty of the committee of Synod, Which I have never yet been in circumstances to call together; was to ascertain this plain matte? of fact,, viz, whether the professors Avere unexceptionable men on the one hand, and whether they, were in circumstances to afford such a curriculum as the Syhod required, ori the other. Any person at all acquainted1 with- the tactics; of public-meetings arid the doirigs-of political frictions, will not require to be in formed thaf-it' is often difficult, if riot impos sible,, to ascertain the. spirit and object of ah important motion from the words of that motion itself. They are often to be ascer tained only from' the. ' circumstances in which the. motion, originated, and- from the adverse motion Avhich it Avas intended to oppose Now the seemingly harmless motion of the Presbytery, which the authors of - the " three/fold cord" have given at length,, was a motion passed in consequence of -Mr. Whytlaw's memorial calling for a -vote of censure on. me for toy. visit' to. Port Phillip/and Van Die- ::mah's. Land;: and when Mr. Tait, by his ;casting vote, gave it against me, did not Mr. W; go 'down to his, House, like, a certain "other petitioner in another temple, satisfied that sueha -vote had beea-passed;accordii)gly, and that his- object- had been gained ? Unquestionably lie did. But the thing is as plain as noori- day, .from the nature of the adverse motion, proposed by Mr. Atchison and- seconded1 by Mr. Sriiith. That motion Ayas to the effect,, " that, the Presbytery do approve of Dir. Laiig's, visit to. Port Phillip arid. Van Dieman's- -Land.'' This- vote was negativedby Mr. Tait's casting vote, and- how, I; risk, could it be negatived but by a vote of disapproval, a yotje,p£censure ? It is pitiful therefore for men of the standing and office of' the authors' of the " threefold' cord" to attenipt to shplter; themselves under the Avfotched sbphisna, that po, Amte of censure Ayas passed on, me oirith at occasion; As far as their own bad'spivit-towards their friend and brother was concerned', and their evident and .eager, desire to, put-me dpAvn, such a vpte.Avas passed, to all intents , and purposes, as effec tually- as, if it had- been gijven in so many word's. ,Ip short,, tliese gentlemen had! no. objectiori to; perform a bad action> toAvards their- unoffending/brother-;, but they had neither the- courage nor tlie honesty to ayoAy it. . . . Ayas, Purves,, pf. Port; Macquarie Avho Avaa -eating: the salt- of; - my hos- pitalityat f he:tunej. who depianded a second vote of censuve, en mp. for, asking, Mr. Wtkins.tq,.prpach once for me during my absence. i Apd why. did) Ac. take- this- pro minent position ? Why, because lie Avas told to. do so by. tlie gentlemen of, th'e '" threefold, cord," and, ecause- he Avas threatened! Avith the lossiofttheir- confidence in- future 'if'. he- refrisedl Let them deny this if ' they qaiW Even Mr. Gilchrjst, of GarripbeRtojviii, could , not: escape the, cen sure ,df :Mr. Tait la the operi-courfiffor not voting according-to- orders-! !!- , Apdwhat confidence couldT have -in. for, ture ,in" suph.men'r— pien Avith. Avhom-IwSsto be thenceforth associated for life in- the Avprk : of extending and- building up- the Presbyr termri- Churchy 'iri. tliis; iaiid,?.' Gjertaihlji could hriyel' none.; . X; liad. made . : my , last experiment in . endeavouring - to carry ottt that great object' of my life, in connectiqp Avith a; State;' Ghurch established, on. an avQAvedJy antichristianand infidei principle; and that experiment had! proved like all' the rest- Iiadt?ied 'before' dn;a similar fouhdrir XMin pot to blame surely because I did not see so clearly at one time as I do noAV. I am not to blame for hoping for the -best till the very last—for hoping against hope— for hoping till my hope Avas turned into despair ! Then it Avas that I resolved, in the bitterness of disappointment, to eat the Queen's bread 110 longer; to leave for ever the land of rriy adoption, after nineteen years of incessant sacrifice and exertion, and to spend tlie re mainder of my days in building up another house to the Lord God of my fathers, on a more scriptural foundation, in the wilds of New Zealand. Mr.'F ullerton, arguing doubtless from his own practice, calls this all a trick : but I Was never more in earnest all my life than in expressing my determination to leave the Colony and to proceed to New Zealand. I had a letter Avritten to the Governor of New Zealand, at the time I delivered my address to my congregation, which I intended to have forwarded on the Tuesday folloAving, informing his Excel lency that I expected to leave Sydney about the first of April, and requesting in formation on a point on which it was impor tant for me to knoAV something beforehand. And if anything has since occurred to render it problematical' Avhether I shall- carry this resolution into effect, it has arisen en - tirely from the spontaneous interference of my numerous and attached congregation. .- Enough has already been said' in a formm number of your paper on the German Mission affair. Thataffaiir is incapable of any expbtnri- tiion that will acquit two at least of the au thors ofthe "threefold cP'rd" of a whple series of attempts to insult me and to make me " AValk the plank." There is a new attempt, However,, on the part of these gentlemen tp. \ charge me Avith- something; like dishonesty in the matter, in my paying a debt of the Mission of which the payment had beeh uniformly refused by Mfr.! Wright,, the lrit'e Treasurer. That debt was: ascertained at the annual-meeting of J anuary, 1;839, chiefly from the accounts of John Eer/ Esq., of Greenock, Avlio had mad!e. the original dis bursements for theMission;andthe payment of it was never refused by Mr. Wright, as these gentlemen most unAvorthily insinuate, becarise he had any doubt of its hayingbeen duly incurred, but was- merely postponed during the year 1-838; because the funds collected in that year Avere all required to meet the actual'and large expenditure of the Mission for_IS38. Of- the debt now due," about: 360Z three-fourths of the whole amount are for the purchase of stock for slaughter,; bcjught from . Government at Moreton Bay, and- for., supplies purchased iji Sydney, for the current year. In regard to! the Orphan School, as this institution had been talked of privately many months previous: to the fesolution of Synod in. Oct. -last,..andas several cases of extreme urgency had occurred' in the mean time, I' had', at my own risk and on my. own re sponsibility, sent these, cases; under the care of the Rev. Robert Stewart, to. Balmain:; not, because; I had become security- for Mr. Si's liouse-rent in that- locality, but be cause; it appeared, to others; as Avell as to myself, a. suitable place- for a- philanthropic experiment of the kind, and' because I Avas prepared, to meet the Avhole expenditure incurred if the Committee should think ot-her- Avise. But the reason Avliy nothing has been done in- consequence of the Synod's resolu tion, is not the one Stated in the "threefoltl cord.;" but foe determination! expressed by Messi's. Tait and Fullerton, at the- first meeting of tlie- Committee in Sydney, iii Avhich the lay members present concurred to send a deputation to. the Governor to see if hp Avould allow, the- Presbyterian catechism; to be taught- to; Presbyterian children in- the Government Orphan Schools, or in.otlier Words to . set the resolutioq of Synod; .aside, arid, to; get rid of the matter altogether.' In such circumstances- it was needless to call the Committee togefoer again,! unless I' wished, to ifon foe Institution/ The! Com,- mittee, on-, Mr. . M'Intyre's mission I- as sembled as- soon as Mr. M'l. declared pub- licly that, he Avould go; to England., 'flie College. Comniittee -it: would! have been abr surd.- to, call togefoerftiil there Avere three Professors to be proposed1 for approval); and adequate support prpvided.for them And a3 for the Mission. Committee,, they were no -sooner at , Avork than they attempted' to do Avith- me- as tie -sailors- did with' J'oriali whpn they threy) Mm overboard. Whether theyor.i shall sink first, however, may perr haps be foe- question! veryiSoon,:ifi I'ani- to, ' remain ini New; South Wales-: Whether therpforef it is Lor the : authors of. foe " threefold cord'' that , have - caused foe new- division, Avith , which the- Presby terian- Church is hoav 1 threatened, ; -I-'/sKaclj. lieaye your readers to juilge. . J/ ! ' , , ' ! I am,,sir,;yo.urrobedientser.vant, ; ... ! . JOHN DUNMOHE LANG;- i 