LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. ri'rnm llm Hobnrt Tunfii Courier. May 93.1 ClUtlBTENING OP THR PRINCE OP WALES. This ceremony was performed with great pomp at St.- George's Chapel, Windsor, on the 24th : January.- -His Majesty the King of Prussia was present on the occasion. !We have only space to make the following extract from a lengthy re port of this interesting proceeding ; The Cnni3TEN(NG, — On the Queen's entering the choir, the grand march from Judas Mncabeus was performed on the organ by Dr. Elvey. Be fore its, completion, however, the ' royal party had taken their seats, and a signal was given to dis continue the performance. ,: It was understood that her. Majesty had expressed a wish that the ceremony should not be protracted by instrumental performances, and that it was in compliance with the Queen's express desire, and that, alone, that any abbreviation took place in the musical ar rangements previously decided on. The organ having ceased the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of 'the bapr tismal service. His Grace read the beautiful Liturgy of the Church. in a clear and impressive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. , Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Archbishop conic to the questions pro pounded to. the godfathers and . godmothers of children brought to be baptised. His Grace then turning to the sponsors, most impressively de manded of them as follows : ' Dastthou, in the name of this Child, renounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp anil glory of the' world, ? with all covetous desires ? of the same,' and the carnal desires of the flesh, so that tliou wilt not follow, nor be led by them ? ??_: To this the .King of Prussia- replied ; for the sponsors generally, in conformity with the words of- the Liturgy, 'I renounce them all.' ..His Ma jesty delivered this sentence and the other, re sponses in the service quickly, but distinctly and emphatically! ' His accent did hot appear, to be, at ail-that of, a foreigner. . ,,. ~, . : The Archbishop having arrived at that part of the service in which he is to take the child into his arms, her Grace the Duchess of Buccleugh re ceived the infant Prince from the nurse who stood close to the Queen and Prince Albert, and de livered his Royal Highness to the Archbishop. His Grace held the royal child in his arms with the greatest care, surrendering the prayer book to the Bishop of London, who held it for him during this part of the solemnity. I-lis Grace. then turned to the King ? of Prussia' and the' other sponsors, and said ' Name this child.' His Majesty replied in a clear voice, 'We name him Albert Edwcrd.' The Archbishop then performed the holy rite of sprinkling and signing the mark of the cross upon the child's forehead, saying, 'Albert Edward I baptize tliee, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The organ gave forth, 'and the congregation joined in a solemn 'Amen.' The Prince lifted his little hands on being sprinkled and crossed. The Archbishop then delivered up the Prince to the Mistress of the Robes, who carried his Royal Highness to his nurse. Prince Albert was ob served to watch most attentively his Royal High ness' progress from the font to the nurse's arms. The Queen also cast glances of motherly pride and delight at the youthful. heir to the throne. The Prince of. Wales appeared to be a remarkably fine -oy, and behaved with most princely decorum. The Archbishop then offered up the thanks giving for the admission of the child as a member of Christ's Church, and then, all kneeling, the holy prayer given to Christians by the Saviour was most impressively delivered. At this moment the' scene was solemn and mngnificent in the ex treme, and would afford a worthy subject for the pencil of the artist. . At the conclusion of the service, the Prince was carried from the choir to the chapter-room, and the organ pealed forth the magnificent ' Halle* lujah Chorus' of ...Handel. Prince Albert was ob served to -beat time, during: its performance, and the Queen , cast repeated glances at the organ gallery, which, without any great stretch of imagi nation, might be construed to be expressive of her Majesty's satisfaction and approbation. Her Majesty also once or twice during the ceremony addressed . herself to Prince Albert and the Lord Chamberlain. ?? . , . . The chorus having been brought to a conclusion, the Queen curtseyed most gracefully, first to the King of Prussia nnd the Sponsors, then to the Archbishop and. the Ecclesiastics, and then, with a kindly smile, to her uncle, the Duke of Sussex, who stood near her/ Then taking Prince Albert's arm, her Majesty left the choir in the same form as she entered it. .-.-.-?? The Queen having retired, the King of Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered his arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge and the rest of 'the royal party. The Archbishops and 'other Prelates next passed out of the . chapel, leaving it by the south door. The company assembled in the body of the choir were then permitted to pass to the altar table, to inspect the plate, the font, &c.; Great anxiety was shown to dip a handkerchief or glove into the water of the font brought from the Jordan, with a view to treasure up such articles as remi hiscenscs of this auspicious occasion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach the font and altar, that it was some time ere the chapel could be finally cleared. Among the occurrences of the day most parti cularly observed, was the devotion evinced by the King of Prussia. During'the performance of .'the baptismal service, his 'Majesty never once was seen to take his eyes- from the book, save when he was called upon to answer the interrogatories of thcArchbishop. His Majesty's conduct through out the service was indeed a pattern for princes and for subjects. , ? ? '?Mr.'Hayter1 was present, by command of her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony; and Mr. Baxter, the artist, was present, by. her Majesty's permission, for the same purpose. - ; '???'? ~ ??' Early this morning the Colonial Secretary re ceived a note from his Excellency Sir John Frank lin, conveyed by the second mate of the Eliza, announcing the gratifying intelligence of the safe arrival of his Excellency and party at the entrance of the river. The Breeze left Macquarie' Harbour on the JGth instant, in company with the Eliza. His Excellency and Lady Franklin got on board the latter vessel oft' the Heads at Macquarie Har bour. The party, for some days previous, had been reduced to rations of three ounces of meat per day, with a small portion of tea and biscuit. The Vansittart arrived at Macquarie 'Harbour after the Breeze and the Eliza had left. Mr. Batoman having examined the harbour, and finding that the Breeze was not there, stood out imme diately, and shaped his course for Hobart Town, the; three vessels arriving, almost together, last night. His Excellency will hold a Levee at Government House, on Tuesday, at two o'clock. The cus tomary ball and supper, in honour of her Mnjesty'B Birth Day, is' unavoidably postponed. Tlio day has not yet been decided upon, but is not unlikely to be the 20th June, the auspicious anniversary of the accesion of Queen Victoria. ? - * 