TREATMENT OF EMIGRANTS. The trial of the Captain and Surgeon Superin- tendent of the ship ' Carthaginian,' for an assault on one Margaret Ann Bolton, an unmarried female emigrant, per that vessel, came off at the Supreme Court, on Friday and Saturday. This case has excited a very great and stirring interest amongst all classes, as many points relative to the treatment of steerage passengers aboard emigrant ships were involved in it. The defendants, Robert Robertson, captain, and Richard William Nelson, having taken their place on the floor, the indictment for the offence was read, charging the defendants with having, on the 23rd or 24th of December last, on the high seas, committed an assault on the person of Margaret Ann Bolton, by throwing several buckets of water over her, and otherwise maltreating the said M. A. Bolton. The defendants pleaded not guilty and Messrs. Windeyer and Broadhurst appeared on their behalf. The evidence, which was very lengthy, has al- ready appeared for the most part in our columns, in the report we gave of the proceedings at the Water Police Office. The only new evidence of importance was that of the woman Bolton herself, who deposed that, she was about 26 years of age, and was a passenger per the ship ' Carthaginian,' from Liverpool to this port; that on a Sunday night, at the end of December, she was lying in her berth, between nine and ten o'clock, when a noise took place amongst the girls, from a scream- ing at some one -playing at ghost; the Captain and Doctor came below and ordered them out, swearing at the same time if they did not come up on deck directly, they would come and pull them out; they went on deck, where handcuffs were put on them, and they were placed apart on the deck ; the witness's hands were handcuffed behind her back, and whilst so, seven buckets of water were thrown over .her; she could not say whether all the water was thrown over her by the Doctor, but the first was thrown by him; after the water was thrown over her she was told to sit down on the wet planks ; she was dressed in a night-dress and one petticoat, and a shawl thrown over her shoulders, but not fastened over her bosom, which was exposed to the night air; after the water was thrown over her, a great-coat was put round her by some person, and she remained on deck in her wet clothes, and her hands pinioned behind her, until between twelve and one o'clock; when the handcuffs were taken off her by the third mate (the captain's uncle) who assisted her to go down part of the way, as she was too weak to walk by herself; she would not let him go with her below, as he was there too often; she was so exhausted that she was obliged to sit on the steps of the hatch way, and when she reached her berth she was unable to find the key of her box to procure dry clothing; witness felt very ill next day; she felt the cold strike to her heart when the water was thrown, and had never been well since; was in a good state of health when she went aboard the ship, and was quite well at the time the water was thrown; her health had been so much impaired that she was unable to work or get a living. The witness underwent a long and searching cross- examination, of three hours duration, from Mr. Windeyer, but, although somewhat wild and excited in her manner, she did not vary much from her first statements.- Her evidence was in part cor- roborated by other witnesses, but contradicted on points which she had herself sworn to, such as the number of buckets of water that were poured upon her, the state of the weather at the time, and the language she used to the captain. All the wit- nesses, however, both for the prosecution and de- fence, agreed that one bucket or more had been thrown over her, and that she was detained in handcuffs on the deck for a considerable time after. The evidence called for the defence was principally to show that the. character of the girl Margaret Ann Bolton was noisy and abusive, and that thetreatment she received was neccssary to: restrain her violence ; also, to speak to the general conduct of the Captain and Doctor to the emigrants on board, which was sworn to have been of the kindest and most. humane description. The learned- counsel for the defendants argued at great length that the state of ill health of Mar- garet Anne Bolton was not the consequence of her treatment on board the Carthaginian, but the result of a complication of physical and mental maladies, to which she had for a great part of her life been subject. He appealed to her own account of her former life as elicited in her cross-exami- lation as a proof of this. He remarked that the account she had given of the nine years in which she had lived at Manchester, never for three months together with one person or in one house, except in one instance, and that for only six month's, as 'a proof of the impracticability of her mind and conduct. The learned, counsel also con- tended that if she was of sound mind her evidence was worthless from the direct contradiction it had received in many parts from other witnesses. And if she was of unsound mind, and it was in that light that he was disposed to look at her, then tier evidence could not legally be taken. He con Bidered the whole account which she had given of herself, the testimony of the other witnesses as to her behaviour on board, the evidence of Dr. Cut- hill and others of her state since her arrival here, and more than all, her own wild, yet cunning and artful manner by which she strove with show of reason to cover the workings of her insanity were conclusive; that although evidently with, some strong mental powers, and with a more than ordi- ary share of education for people of her station, that still there was a flaw somewhere which had rendered her the wild and refractory creature, which the history of her past life proved her to be. The throwing of the water, was not denied, or he'handcuffng, but the manner and extent to which this punishment had been carried was most grossly exaggerated by the witnesses for the pro- secution. He relied upon the jury being con- vinced from the evidence called for the defence, that the treatment which had been used on board by the Captain and the Doctor to Bolton was such as was absolutely necessary for the preservation of that order and quiet amongst the emigrants, which was essential to the well being arid comfort of all within the ship, After the evidence for the defence had. been heard, the Attorney- General replied, remarking that the case was one of the greatest interest and importance, not only as affecting the chnracter of the defendants on the floor, but also to this com- munity, and to the character of this community in England, The argument used by the opposing counsel, that the state of health in which Mary Ann Bolton was, arose from a fixed and permanent disease, and not from the treatment she had received on board, in fact, that she was in ill health when she came on board, only served to render more atro- cious and more unfeeling the conduct of the defend ants. If they knew that a young and unpro- tected female, to whom one at least ought to have stood in the light of a friend and parent, was suf- fering under the hand of heavy and continued sickness, if they know in addition to this that she was labouring under on estrangement of reason, which rendered her loquacious, and perhaps irrita ble, what could be said in defence of that kind- ness of feeling, that humanity of which they had heard so much, when they could go and inflict the barbarities they had heard described on a young and helpless female. The learned gentleman, in an able and impassioned address, combated the various arguments which had been used against the prosecutor, and strove to shew the jury how they might reconcile apparent inconsistencies in the evidence, by duly weighing and, comparing the various statements. His Honor in summing up impressed upon the jury the necessity of divesting their minds from all feelings of prejudice or excitement which might hove been produced in them by what they had heard, out of doors, on the case. He deprecated the expression of opinion and feeling which had been so indecorously manifested in the Court throughout the trial, but he trusted that it would not at all events reach the jury box. The case which was under their consideration was one of much importance, and demanded their fullest and calmest attention. They must recollect that this was a criminal prosecution on the part of the Crown, for the infringement of the laws, not a civil action brought by the party injured for the recovery of damages. It was their duty to weigh the evidence they had heard, and to decide from it whether the defendants were guilty or not guilty, and having done this it would then be the Judge's province to consider the circumstances of aggravation or palliation in affixing the quantum of punishment. Both the defendants were charged in the indictment with having been concerned in the assault, and it would be necessary for the con- viction of both parties that they should find that the Captain assisted the Doctor in throwing the water, and in putting her in irons. There were two counts in the indictment, on either of which they might convict the defendants, but if they found them guilty of the first or special count, they must acquit them of the second, while they might acquit them of the first count, and find them guilty of a common assault on the second. As neither the jury or the counsel wished the evidence read over, he should proceed to comment on such parts of it as he deemed necessary to call their attention to. And first, with respect to the noise which had taken place between decks, and which was the cause of the women being taken on deck. Now several witnesses had sworn that Bolton was a participator in this disturbance, al- though there was no proof of any investigation having been made by the Captain or the Doctor. Bolton had sworn in the strongest manner that she had not used certain insolent and irritating expressions to the Doctor previous to the throw- ing of the water, which by the evidence of many other witnesses she had undoubtedly used. With regard to the seven buckets of water, it was not necessary they should find that seven were thrown upon her, indeed, it was very immaterial whether one or seven were thrown, but it was important so far as that Bolton had sworn to seven, and they must judge from comparing her evidence with that of the other witnesses, what reliance was to be placed on it. It appeared both from her own examination, and from the evidence of other par- ties, that she was at all events a person of great loquacity and nervous irritability. There were certainly, a very great many inconsistenccs .in the evidence she had given, yet, still it was quite possible that she .might have believed that all that she was saying was true. With regard to the assault itself, they had to consider whether it was of such a nature as the circumstances warranted. It was undoubtedly the duty of the Captain and the Doctor or a vessel, like the Carthaginian, to exercise the authority with which they were invested to keep order and quiet aboard, and also to preserve the .comfort of all the passengers. The power to repress or restrain any improper conduct on tho part of the passengers was un doubtedly theirs, but the law did not empower them to. punish the passengers. They had, there fore, to consider whether the defendants did do the-deed they stood charged with, and if so, whether they were justified by the circumstances. If they found that they were justified, then whe- ther the treatment they had heard described was necessary to repress the disturbance or to secure the peace and comfort of the ship. With regard to the state of M. A. Bolton, whether it arose from the treatment she had received, or from a confirmed and deep rooted disorder, did not affect the question, but if they decided that it had arisen from the treatment, it might then properly enter into the question as to whether such treat- ment could be necessary. With these remarks, his Honor left the case in the jury's hands, who, having retired for nearly an hour, returned a verdict of Guilty on the first count. The defendants were committed to the charge of the Sheriff 's officer, to be brought up for sentence on Thursday next. 