THOUGHTS UPON' REPEAL; .'? At the opening of these doors (in College-green), what a sight it must l)f to behold the once qltosen and, manly TfTiVesetltatliiDS of Ilia mnntiln unnnlrinf* into 1he Agitator's prcseiwe, and. with the relics.of a smile still flickering upon their lips, presenting the faded remains offj.iheir courtly graces to the scornful g^ze. of n bloody ruffian, .who, whilst lie isjrcceiving tlie homage, is marking them witJi his eye hb victims for liis long pam pered, :.;; ^^ murderinpr, ? and outlaw Bup piprterB.'-r- Burke1 s description of the JSiiropean Powers seeking an interview with-Carnot; humbly adapted to pre sent times. ' -???-:? -;??';? 1 - ; Fairfield, H th Nov. 1 041;. ilf/anytliing could addtbllie contempt which all good and -upright men entertain towards the present agitation, it is the fact,, that the ngitators dread the return of peace : the patriotstremble nt a calm, and the pacificators sigli for a profitable sedition. No sailors ever-dreaded calm 'upon the.higli seas riiore than 'the agita tors dread this peace. The becalmed agitators !; The stranded 'patriots! To do Mr.~0'Connel! j uslice, he endeavours to avoid the ridicule of such nn exhi bition: he has fitted up the ship long borne upon the bitterest Avaters, and gone upon a grievance cruise. Although 68 winters have' t-desccnd.ed updri liirri; he elifn bs with liis^bu irley fo'TtnVto the. top- inast Vspar^ an d.. lures ev.ery ?? breath to impel that cursed vesseK ITJie waters of Letlicv shall tie verstrffie its sides ! ' Few of its'dark, lands are unknown to me.- I do.rnbt _ think ^-the French revolutionists ever ^were a . worse class of ' nien tlian some Irish agitators I have inet^witlii cert fan I Jam, that tlie sans culutte race did -not hate property, order, the rules an'd decorums of civilised life; in ore hear tily than bur agilalors. Yet these men Irave swayed the public mind in Irejand for. mail j a ^ day : '...'?'.: '. . .-...'?-. -_:.!f ..-;-,- : .,, : . : '' Fallere crcdentem non est opcrosn pucllanri, Gloria : simplicitas'digita favorefuit.' '.'.','. / God knows, if injured simplicity, and ruined public- virtue1 win. its rewards, Ireland should be a favoured himl.t IVlany;of the vice* of the 'French revolu tionUt, sprung out of the abused luxuries of-; a refined life. Many of* 'tlie French revolutionists were accomplished, ruf fiatis j a pretty good evidence of having lieen 'orice accomplished gentlemen.. What a rude primitive ruffian is the paid Irish revolutionist! But it mny be urged the Irish agitators are fiec from blood ; nor ha»e they disbrganis«d society to that frightful extent the Feench agitators have.- Thiscry of blood (or rather denial of blood ninrks) is carried too far. Pi late iya» guilty of the . Redeemer's blood, although he washed; his hands. 1 ask any rational man, would not the words' of the late Mr. Drummbnd, as read and ct.nstrved at the Corn.- Exchange, an-: swer as a motto for the wildesj gang who' ever got -drunk with the blood of the murdered- Louis? 'Property has 'its duties as well as its] rights.' A true and a noble .sentiment this undoubtedly is, but when the duties of property are dilated ufpon by men who never possessed its rights, the wisdom and virtue of the sentiment are departed. '-The roiso aphor ism, becomes 'a revolutionary motto ! Tlie Tipperary peasant in the fastness of the winter's night reads but one-half -the sentence over the murdercd'pody if his master. Under such circumsfSrices, how can ? unhappy Ireland expect commerce to flourish' ia a country where tlie rights of property are unknown, and its duties preached but by houseless incendiaries, whose mouths would pollute the Gos pel !! ! 'Property has its duties as well as its rights,' says, the blood-stained mur derer of Walsh:!:! The men who act as agents new in disseminating those doc trines, finally subversive of all properly, under the treason-fostering care of a do mestic legislature, would become -our rulers. Poor country ! How afraid you would be then to own yourself! How the then polished boot of the once shoe less democrat 'would wound_.and. press you, and force' out your tears 1! You would have all the distractions and bickerings which attended the sinikng Uoman world, without any of its imper ishable splendours. Would you call this freedom? . '_[' ' 0 '?, V .??-?'? The French agitator nnd the Irish one take two different; courses in swerving and disjointing the dearest ties of society. The Frenchman does- it in the open day, and with all the ruthless ferocity atten dant upon ill-directed enthusiasm.', The Irish agitator is paid lor it— he does it by itealth— and, coward-likeflies, 'from the ruin he hna created. The late elections in Ireland would sufficiently illustrate this princjr. je—^ag the public expense Xh* ruiners of the public peace went amongst the people. J;#01d Jack Falstafl's strayed; tavern bill would not be a richer niorsel to laugh at than the billof an itinerant, patriot, as served upon tlie committee at the Exchange j ;but .the -matter .- is too; serious a 'one t'p. laugh at.; .V: The grog'* charging lio-mdh ^ has, severed the dearest ar d best lies of society. I'J'Jie'old'rtisiy linhs whicirused -o bind the ,1tall and the cottage together, a-re' sna.pt : hy his cold stranr/er Jidnd.-r The -dear, ties; which converted the whole demesne into ? one hearth, the extensive villages into orie family, the pnid.disfiirber ... lias, bit triagetlr Is not this man a French, revolutionist, in the worst sense T-- Is he not an outlaw without ;bis chivalry ? ''?iJii*t'lilie'ris7''ih.o«-'' merely a destructive agent. .When re-: peal will' be cnirrisd, .how welli '6,h ! Jjow well lie can gratify his hatred uf property and rank! \yhen-tlie;dog^;vvril!es M: JPrv he will not cower so Jo w but' bark and snarl, arid look up alhis old-'maslers. It will be a bra-ve time thori' with tile Ex change Ambassador, a^very soiry:time for his old opponents— the landed' prov prietors. 7' 'they, yvil I weep,.;ppor fellows, and think.wilh thinking !Ned Burke— -''i' hope we will have sriirit ehonghUo keep_ us from therommaiMl of those who would' increase a tyrannous power by the vulgar taunts of a low-b'red indolence.' The contumelies -of ty nanny are theiuorpt. part oj it. fciince the padiunient sat in College-green, the whole stnte of society has undergone an internal revolution. From the lowest depths beings were in voked, svhose ?? '-.naked: /nnd leprous skin before enjoyed the pleasing darkness ol obscurity. They were nil Liound appren tices^ to palribtism,' which' is no art, or cannot be learned, but is the overflowing and exuberant growth of nil God's virtues Was not that a' revolution in itself 'i Are those scourges of the. hour, those sewers of society tosettledowri in power among3t ?us ? Are passing evils to form and con globe into powerful aiid permanent ones ? Repealers of the union answer this t If there was no objection' for, repealing the union but this one, it would be sufficient : thelransfer power has undergone since the daya'of Grattan or Bushe, or any of those wbrlhies. The rabble were nothing ther \~-tHey ; are all non. The d regs of society .interfered not then \ they are the local senators nom. ? O'Gpnnell brought elements into play which wpiild frighten the nerves- of the spotless, Grattan, as well .as. old Paurin. .. The-, ghost . of the murdered Walsh has more terrorsthan. all the glittering and unused arms of the volunteers. . That siijgle insta?ice gives you. the emblematic xrirms of the two ^^Ke;should Iqgk'^p^inen ^. in the political world as well^asj.measures. Let- us see beforehand the kind of men we are likely to have as rulers here, if Ireland gets her own parliament.- Why should not her spiritual power be as well represented as her temporal? Vlf-Ireland gats Jierpar liariient, she must get her church. 'You Jiave no t?co fc7i or JSngKsh majority to place in (College? green.jilfxhe parlia ment ever sils in 'College-green, it' will be placed there by' the hands of the priesthood. Who shall keep a' church- man .from his,own'richrrewa'rd'?'';Wlio' doubts the memory '.-.of tvrong; mho. read iateidisplays.?'.I^\\\& .sworn enemies to temporal power would 'not be long' in striking at .the; spiritual. '? Ah !'thereis no agitator.: who ovves. Rot' 'as . good/; a grudge' to the, Protestant -church as he does to the. lords of the soil. -*l'lie spi ritual image of real liberty has stopped him upon many of !iis ways ;q it has been a foe to real liberty^ see. how. it^has'-:en-: circled the north with sleepless' matchers, wh o Jiave' h-pt unagiiatcd the. on ly pros perovs j.art 'f. Ireland' 1 have met with many enthusiasts, who urged that religion would have nothing to fear from Mr. O'Connell. They, never. ob'snrved that the religion of Cromwell and O'Con ncll (great is the distance betwixt their abilities) -is the same. ??*.' 'They made re ligion harmonise milk their ambition.' The freedom courting, -simple-spoken Protestant faith, J fear, would never agree with Mr. O'Connell's, stage trick eiy.- Fie owes it a debt of revenge ; aim the Mail calls Mr. O'Connell 'The unforgiving one.' The Protestant church, would be forgiven the day- Mr. O'Oon noll would address (to use liis own happy word) the speaker in College-green ; but the followers of Luther Would form a sad procession of tearful emigrants upon Hiit day,' and the ancient Catholic aisles would ring with the notes'oftlianks-givin,g :'???': TiioMAB O'BriiEN. ' —Dublin. Paper. . . 