SHIP CANAL FROM THE ATLANTIC TO THlE PACIFIC. The new work of Mr St.v ,ns contains an extended notice of a survey of a route for a ship canal from the Atlantic to the Pacific, via Lake Nicaragua. by Mr. Baily, a half-pay oflicer in the British navy. The route, as surv yed by that gentleman, commences at the head of ,hip navigation on the river San Juan, which empties into the Pacific and pro. ceeds to Lake Nicaragua, a distance of fifteen miles and two- thirds. The high est elevation on this route is 615 feet above the level of the Pacific. The aggregate of accents from the Pacific to the Lake is 1047 feet. and of descent, 919 feet, Consequently the Lake is 128 feet higher than the Pacific. In the first eight miles from the Lake, but one lock is necessary. In the next mile sixty-four feet of lockage is required. In the next three mi!es, there are about two of deep cutting and one of tunnel; and then a decent of two hundred feet in three miles, by lockag , to the Panfi . rhe lake itself is ninety five miles long and averages about fifteen fathoms of water. From the mouth of the L ke at its eastern extremity to the Atlantic, by the course of the river, which a called van Juan, is seventy-nine miles. This river has no cataracts or falls, and the only obstructions are from rapids. Its average fall per mile, from the Lake to the Atlantic, is one foot and six-sevenths. It is all times navigable, even now, for piraguas drawing from three to four fee.. For the most part it is deep enough for ships. "If the bed of the river cannot be cleared out," says Mr Stevens, '" a communication can be made by-lock and dam or by a canal along the batk of the river." The estimated expense of constructing a ship canal from the At lantic to the Pacific by this route is 25,000,000 dollars. This amount greatly exceeds the esti mated cost of similar commucation from Chagres, on the Atlantic, to Panama, on the Pacific, as contemplated by the French Granadian Company. The ex pense of the latter work is estim ted by the parties concerned in its con,truction at only 16,000.000 francs, or about 3,000 000 dollars. .m- t1?m | - Effect of the Tirnb'r Duties. -In the port of London, at this moment, the shipwr;ghts are without employ. menrit, and may be observed standing about in dozens. Take the ships on the stocks, and the same c. ndition is manifest. Our reporter informs us that there are but three ships building on the south side, and on the north four, two of which are steamers, one of the others is the property of the builder, and the fourth, an expensive and beautiful vessel, is fit only for the East India trade; whilst the three on the south side are intended to replace three to be withdrawn from the West India trade. The season is advanced, it may be urged ; if, however, the number of ships launched in the port were stated, similar evidence would be obtained as to the business of the year. In some of the yards-held by builders of re putation too --there has not been a keel laid down for three or four years; they have been solely employed in making repairs.-Shipping Gazette. A train on one of the lines of railway went so fast, that on stopping to water, it took three minutes for the shadow to overtake it. ' Well, what did the ghost say to you ?' 'How should I know ? I ain't skilled in the dead languages.' 