IBAlNABY RUDGE. -o-- CHAPTIER Lv. John' Willet, left alone in his dismantled bar, Scontinued to sit staring about him; awake as to his eyes0 certainly, but with all its powers of reason and reflection in a sound and dreamless sleep. He looked round upon the room which had been for years, and was within an hour ago, the pride of his heart; and not a muscle of his face was moved. The night, without,looked black and cold through the dreary gaps in the casement; the precious liquids, now nearly leaked away, dripped with a hollow sound upon the floor; the Maypole peered ruefully in through the broken window, like the bowsprit of a wrecked ship; the ground might have been the bottom of the sea, it was so strewn with precious fragments. Currents of air rushed in, as tile old doors jarred and creaked upon their hinges; the candles flickered and guttered down, and made long winding-sheets ; the cheery deep-red curtains flapped and fluttered idly in the road; even the stout Dutch kegs, overthrown and lying empty in dark corners, seemed the mere husks of good fellows whose jollity had departed, and who could kindle with a friendly glow no more. John saw this desolation, and yet saw it not. He was pefectly contented to sit there staring at it, and felt no more indignation or discomfort in his bonds than if they had been robes of honour. So far as he was personally concerned, old Time lay snoring, and the world stood still. Save for the dripping of the barrels, the rustling of such light fragments of destruction as the wind affected, and tile dull creaking of tihe open doors, all was profoundly quiet r indeed these sounds, like the ticking of the death-watch in the night, only made the silence they invaded deeper and more appa rent. But quiet or noisy, it was all one to John. If a train of heavy artillery could have come up and commenced ball practice outside the window, it would have been all the same to him. He was a long way beyond surprise. A ghost couldn't have overtaken him. By and by he heard a footstep, a hurried, and yet cautious footsep, coming on towards the house. It stopped, advanced again, then seemed to go quite round it. Having done that, it came beneath the window, and a head looked in. It was strongly relieved against the darkness outside by the glare of the guttering candles. A pale, worn, withered face; the eyes, but that was owing to its gaunt condition, unnaturally large and bright; the hair a grizzled black. It gave a search. ing glance all round the room, and a deep voice said : " Are you alone in this house 1" John made no sign, though the question was repeated twice, and Ihe heard it distinctly. After a moment's pause, the man got in at the window. John was not at all surprised at this, either. Thers had been so much getting in and out of the window in the course of the last hour or so, that he had quite forgotten the door, and seemed to have lived among such exercises from infancy. The man wore a large, faded cloak, and a slouched hat; Ihe walked up close to John, and looked at him. John returned the compliment with interest. " How long have you been sitting thus I" said the man. John considered, bnt nothing came of it. " Which way have the party gone 1" Some wandering speculations relative to the fashion of the stranger's boots got into Mr. Willet's mind by some accident or other, but they got out again in a hurry, and left him in his former state. " You would do well to speak," said the man; "you may keep a whole skin, thoughll you have nothing else left that can be hurt. Which way have the party gone ?" " That I" said John, finding his voice all at once, and nodding with perfqct good faith-he couldn't point, he was so tightly bound-in exactly the opposite direction to the right one. "You lie !" said the man angrily, and with a threatening gesture. " I came that way. You would betray me." It was son evident that John's imperturbability was not assumed, but was the result of the late proceed. ings under his roof, that the man stayed his hand in the very act of striking him, and turned away. John looked after him without as much as a twitch in a single nerve of his face. He seized a glass, and holding it under one of the little casks until a few drops were collected, drank them greedily off; then dashing it down upon the floor impatiently, ihe took the vessel in Iis hands and drained it into his throat. Some scraps of bread and meat were scattered about, and on those he fell next, eating them with great voracity, and pausing every now and then to listen for some fancied noise outside. When Ihe had refreshed himself in this manner with violent haste, t Sand raised another barrel to his lips, he pulled his 1 hat upon his brow as though Ihe were about to leave t the house, and turned to John, " Where are your servants 1" Mlr. Willet indistinctly remembered to have heard the rioters calling to them to throw the key of the d room in which they were, out of window, for their v keeping. He therefore replied, " Locked up." t1 "VWell for them if they remain quiet, and well i for you if you do thie like," said the man. " Now t shew me tile way thie party wvent." a This time Mr, Willet indicated it correctly. The d man was hIurrying to the door, when suddenly there fI came towards them on tile wind the loud and rapid r tolling of an alarm bell, and then a bright and vivid glare streamed up, which lilumined, not only the s whole chamnber, but all tire country. rr It was not the change from darkness to this a dreadful light, it was not tile sound of distant shrieks tt and shouts of triumph, it was not thisdread invasion t of tile serenity and peace of night, that drove thie I arrn back asthllough n.lhunderbolt had struck him. rt It was tho bell. If the ghastliest shlrape the human as suind lias ever pictured in its wildest dreams had risen ki up before him, hIre could not Ilave staggered back- ht ward from its touch as hIre did from the first sound of thIat loud iron voice. With eyesthatstarted from ti hiis hIead, his limbs convulsed, his face most tt horrible to see, he raised one arm hIiglh up into the T air, and holding aometlling visionary back arid down, m with hiis other Iland, drove at it as though he hold a th kn`ife and stabbed it to tle heart. Hle clutched his es hair, andi stopped his ears, and travelled madly it round and round; then gave a frightful cry, and with it rushed away s still, still, the bell tolled on re and seemed to follow tlim, louder and louder, hotter th and hotter yet. lThe glare grew brighter, tile roar of at voices deeper; thIe crash of heavy bodies falling, m sihook tile air; bright streams of sparks rose up iR 'into tile sky; but louder thian them iall, rising tt faster far, to Hleaven, a million times more fierce tit and furious, pouring forth dreadful secrets after its th .long silence, saaking the language of the dead, tile ra bell, the bell I st What hunt of spectres could surpass that dread wi pursuit and flighit I Had thtere been a legion of them sa on his track, hre could have better borne it. They ti would have had a beginning and an end; but here asl ds space woas full. 'ilte one pursuing voice was every. ar where it sounded in the earth, the air I shook thie cv long grass, and howled among the trembling trees. The echoes caught it up, the owls hooted as it flew upon the breeze, the nightingale was silent and hid ir, herself among the thickest boughs: it seemed to ts goad and urge the angry fire, and lash it into mad ad ness; every thing was steeped in one prevailing red ; le the glow was everywhere; nature was drenched in or blood: still the semorseless crying of that awful 5s voice-the bell, the bell I d. It ceased ; but not in his ears. The knell was at ie his heart. No work of man had ever voice like that Is* which sounded there, and warned him that it cried W unceasingly to Heaven. Who could hear that bell, ly and not know what it said I There was murder in of its very note, cruel, relentless, savage murder; the toe murder of a confiding man, by one who held his as every trust. Its ringing summoned phantoms from Id their graves. What face was that, in which a re friendly smile changed to a look of half incredulous ig horror which stiffened for a moment into one of pain, ;d then changed again to an imploring glance at Hea h ven, and so fell idly down with upturned eyes, like s" the dead stags he had often peeped at whlen a little Y child, shrinking and shuddering-there was a dreadful y thing to.tltink of now 1-and clinging to an apron et as he looked! He sank upon the ground, and re grovelling down as as if he would dig himself a or place to hide in, covered his face and ears : but no, ea no, no-a hundred walls and roofs of brass would I, not shut out that bell, for in it spoke the wrathful voice of God, and from that, the whole wide universe ig could not afford a refuge I id While he rushed up and down, not knowing wlere a, to turn, and while he lay crouching there, the work e went briskly on indeed. When they left the May. Y pole, the rioters formed into a solid body, and advanced at a quick pace to the Warren. Rumour * of their approach having gone before, they found d the garden doors fast closed, the windows made it secure, and the house profoundly dark: not a light a being visible in any portion of the building. After e some fruitless ringing at the bells, and beating at the iron gates, they drew off a few paces to reconnoitre, t and confer upon the course it would be best to take. t Very little conference was needed, when all were e bent upon one desperate purpose, infuriated with a liquor, and flushed with successful riot. The word being given to surround the house, some climbed the a gates, or dropped into the shallow trench and scaled L the garden wall, while others pulled down the solid iron fence, and while they made a breach to enter by, d made deadly weapons of the bars. The house being completely encircled, a small number of men were e despatched to break open a tool-shed in the gardetr; and during their absence on this errand, the remain der contented themselves with knocking violently at the doors, and calling to those within, to come down a and open them on peril of their lives. No answer being returned to this repeated sum" e mons, and the detachment who had been sent away, v coming back with an accession of pickaxes, spades, e and hoes, they, together with those who had such g arms already, or carried (as many did) axes, poles, and crow.bars, struggled into the foremost rank, a ready to beset the doors and windows. They had d not at this time more than a dozen lighted torches h among them ; but when these preparations were completed, flaming links were distributed and passed e from hand to hand with such rapidity, that in a minute's time at least two-thirds of the whole roaring mass bore, each man in his hand, a blazing brand Whirling these about their heads they raised a loud shout, and fell to work upon the doors and windows. Amidst the clattering of heeavy blows, the rattling t of broken glass, the cries and execrations of the mob, and all the din and turmoil of the scene, Hugh and his friends kept together at the turret door where e Mr. Haredalo had last admitted him and old John YWillet; and spent their united force on that. It was a strong old oaken door, guarded by good bolts and a heavy bar, but it soon went crashing in upon t the narrow stairs behind, and made, as it were. Da platform to facilitate their tearing up into the rooms abnve. Almost at the same moment a dozen other points were forced, and at every one the crowd poured in like water. A few armed servant men were posted in the hall, I and, when the rioters forced an entrance there, they fired some half a dozen shots. But, these taking no I effect, and the concourse coming on like an army of devils, they only thought of consulting their own safety, and retreated, echoing their assailants' cries, aid hoping in their confusion to be taken for rioters themselves; in which stratagem they succeeded, with the exception of one old man, was was never heard of again, and was said to have had his brains beaten out with an iron bar (one of his fellows re ported that hie had seen the old man fall), and to have been afterwards burnt in the flames. The besiegers, being now in complete possession of the house, spread themselves over it from garret to cellar, and plied their demon labours fiercely. While some small parties kindled bonfires underneath the windows, others broke up the furniture and cast the fragments down to feed the flames below ; where the apertures in the wall (windows no longer) were large enoogh, they hurled out tables, chests of drawers, beds, mirrors, pictures, and flung them whole into the fire; while every fresh addition to the blazing masses was received with shouts, and howls, and yells, which added new and dismal terrors to the conflagration. Those who had axes, and had spent their fury on thIe moveables, chopped and tore down the doors and window frames, broke up the flooring, hIewed away the rafters, and buried men who lingered in the upper rooms in Iheaps of ruins. I Some searched the drawers, the chests, the boxes, writing desks, and closets, for jewels, plate, and money; whlile othlers, less mindful of gain and more mad for destruction, cast their whole contents into the court yard without examination, and called to those below to heap them on the blaze. Men who had been into thIe cellars, Jadnd stdaved the casrs, rushed to and fro stark mad, setting fire to all they t saw, often to thIe dresses of their bwn friends, and kindling the building in so many parts that some had no time for escape, and were seen, withl drooping n hIands and blackened faces, hIanging senseless on the winrdow sills to which they had crawled, until e they were sucked and drawn into the burning gulf. The more thIe fire cracokled and raged, the wilder and I more cruel the men grew; as though moving in thlat element they became fiends, and changed their t earthly ntature for the qualities that give delight in hell. The burning pile, revealing rooms and passages g red lhot througls gaps made in the crumbling walls n the tributary fires that licked the outer bricks and stones with tlheir long forked tongues, and ran up to t meet thIe glowing mass witlhin ; the shining of the flames upon the villains who looked on and fed them ; the roaring of thIe angry bloaze, so bright and high that it seemed in its rapacity to have swallowed up the very smoke; the living flakes the .wind boreI t rapidly away and hurried on with, like a storm of Ir fiery snow; the noiseless breaking of great beams of ci wood, which fell like feathlers on the heap of ashies, I and crumbled in the very act to sparks and powder; oe tIre lurid tinge that overspread the sky, and the el darkness, very deep by contrast, which prevailed m around, thIe exposure to thie coarse, comnron gaze of every little nootek which usages of home hId made a sv sacred place, and the destruction by rude hands of every little household favorite which old associations made a precious thing; all this taking place- not among pitying looks and friendly murmurs of com passion, but brutal shouts and exultations, which seemed to make the very rats who stood by the old house too long creatures with some claim upon the pity and regard of those its roof had sheltered combined to form a scene never to be forgot'ten by those who saw it and were not actors in the work so long as life endured. And who were they ? The alarm bell rang-and it was pulled by no faint or hesitatingr ands-for a long time, but not a soul was seen. Some of the insurgents said that when it ceased they heard the shrieks of women, and saw some garments fluttering in the air, as a party of men bore away no unresist ing burddtas. No one could say that this was true or false in such an uproar; but where was Hugh P Who among them had seen him since the forcing of the doors ? The cry spread through the body. Where was Hugh ? "o Here I" he hoarsely cridd, appearing from the darkness, out of breath and blackened with the smoke. " We have done all we can; the fire is burning itself out; and even the corners where it hasn't spread are nothing but heaps of ruins. Dis. perse, my lads, while the coast's clear; get back by different ways, and meet as usual I" With that Ihe disappeared again-contrary to Isis wont, for he was always first to advance, and last to go away - leaving them to follow homewards as they would. It was not an easy task to draw off such a throng. If Bedlam gates had been flung open wide there would not haveissued forth such maniacs as the frenzy of that night had made. There were men there who danced and trampled on the beds of flowers as though they trod down human enemies, and wrenched them from the stalks like savages who twisted human necks. -There were men who cast their lighted torches in the air, and suffered them to fall upon their heads and faces, blistering the skird with deep and un seemly burns. 'There were men who rushed up to the fire and paddled in it with their hands as if in water; and others who were restrained by force from plunging in to gratify their deadly longing. On the skull of one drunken lad, not twenty by his looks, who lay upon the ground with a bottle to his mouth, the lead from the roof came streaming down in a salower of liquid fire, white hot, melting his head like was. When the scattered parties were col. lected, men, living yet, but singed as with hot irons, were plucked out of the cellars, and carried off upon the shoulders of others, who strove to wake them as tley went along with ribald jokes, and left them, dead, in the passages of the hospitals. But of all the howling throng not one learnt mercy from, or sickened at, these sights ; nor was the fierce, be. sotted, senseless rage of one man glutted. Slowly, and in small clusters, with hoarse hurrahs and repetitions of their usual cry, the assembly dropped away. The last few red.eyed stragglers reeled after those who had gone before ; the distant noise of men calling to each other, and whistling for others whom they missed, grew fainter and fainter; at length even these sounds died away, and silence reigned alone. Silence indeed I Tile glare of the flames had sunk into a fitful, flashing light ; and the gentle stars, invisible till now, looked down upon the blackening heap. A dull smoke hung upon the ruin, as though to hide it from those eyes of lleaven; and the wind forbore to move it. Bare walls, roof open to the sky; chambers, where the beloved dead had many and many a fair day risen to now life and energy; where so many dear ones had been sad and merry; which were connected with so many thoughts and hopes, regrets and changes, all gone. Nothing left but a dull and dreary blank-a smouldering heap of dust and ashes, silence and solitude of utter deso lation. (To be continued.) 