MR. O'CONNOR. A singular meeting is reported in the Scottish Patriot. Mr. O'Connor has been making a tour of Chartist agitation in Scotland; and to Aberdeen, Dumferliue, Perth, and other places, he was followed by the Reverend Mr. Patrick Brewster, who held discussions with him on the comparative merits of moral and physical force in supporting the Charter—Mr. Brewster vindicating the moral force. This circle of discussion terminated in a grand discussion, so called, at Glasgow. It was held in the presence of about three thousand persons, in tbe hall of the Bazaar. A chairman was appointed by each party. Throughout -more than five columns of report we hunt iu vain for anything like tolerable argument on either side. Mr. Brewster endeavoured to prove hy quotations from Mr. O'Connor's speeches in April, 1838, and subsequently, as reported in his own paper, the Northern Star, that he. had advocated physical force : ex. gr.— In November, 1838, there appeared the following words—" Let them then fix a period to the existence of suffering. Let them say that they would use all moral means in their power (for the gaining ofthe Charier) until the 29th September next; and let them tell the moral philosophers that if they did not give it tbem on the 29th, they would give them Michaelmas goose on the 30th." Mr. O'Connor again, in reference to fixing a day, bad said that he would put a motion on the books of the Convention. This was at tbe meeting at Birmingham. Mr. Brewster accused his antagonist, along with Mr. Stephens and Mr. Bronterre O'Brien, of causing division among the Chartists by this assertion of violent intentions. And he condemned Mr. O'Connor for ^nixing up with .the . question of the Charter .the Irish repeal question, advocacy of the. Cora-laws, and oppbSitioii to, machinery. We do not find thiit Mr. O'Conuor ga^e any directcontraflictiori to there charges. He observed that Mr. Brevvster's evidence was adduced from his otfa paper, and that it was a libel on the intelligence of its reatteri to supposb that it fcould go on deluding them from week to week. 'With respect to the Repeal question, he was bound in Ireland to obtain justice for Ireland. When lie emerged frbm his dungeon, his countrymen came to him In a body, expressing (heir approbation, and; only complaining that lie abused Mr. O'Connell: he promised never to mention his name again—a proof that he would not refuee to give up his errors when they interfered with the great movement. Mr. O'Connor then enlarged upon the pecuniary sacrifices which he had made, his exertions in agitating for the Charter, aud their success. What Mr. Brewster quoted about Michaelmas goose was said, not at Birmingham, but at Bolton; and had not Muntz, Douglas, and Edmunds deserted the cauEe to take municipal offices uuder the Whigs, their oppressors would have been obliged to concede tbe demands of the Chartists on the 30th. But it was too bad now to revive the ghost of physical force, after it had been buried, -and when the cause proceeded merrily without it. In the course of some more discussion.Mr.Brewster charged Mr .O'Connor with making £4,000 a-year by his paper. Mr. O'Connor replied that he "paid £700 a-year for reporting, nnd that he had recommended other local Chartist papers in place of his own ; and he offered to give the paper to Mr. Brewster if be himself might still control its principles. Mr. Moir then moved a resol-ition declariug the confidence of the meeting in Mr. O'Connor. Mr. Brewster proposed an amendment, simply pledging the meeting- to agitate for tbe Charter; the effect of which seemed to be meant as a sort of " previous question." The original motion, however, was carried. The meeting then on the motion of Mr. Moir, did pledge itself to agitate for tbe Charter; but a clause in the resolution, declaring want of confidence in Mr. Brewster, was withdrawn. The meeting then broke up. It is said, observes the Patriot, to be the largest in-door meeting ever held in Scotland. 