THE DEBATE ON NOVELS AND ROMANCES. A VERY interesting and animated discussion lins been keyt up at the School of Arts, for four successive meetings, before largo and most respectable audiences, on the question, "Are Novels and Romances beneficial to Society?" Besides members, nearly a hun- dred strangers took out single tickets. Mr. SLATTERIE led the debate for the affir- mative, and congratulated the Society'on its very flourishing condition, compated with its small beginning last year. He made his main stand upon the ground, that the imagination, as well as other powers of the mind, requires to he cultivated and improved, and that the reading of novels and romances actually produce this effect. We are inclined to castle-building, even in boyhood, and ac- quire a habit, which grows with us, and re- quires gratification. He denied that novels (as some allege) give more false views'of hu- man life and character, than histories reputed to be genuine indeed, but in reality false, while they are dull and lifeless, when com pared with the animated pictures drawn by such wiiters as Sir Walter Scott, in "Kenil- worth," &c.; He admitted, that many novels are improper, but parents ought not to per- mit such to fall into the hands of young persons. Mr.C.W.CuRanY,in replying for the negative, said, Mr. Slatterie, by one exception and ano- ther, had thrown aside half the novels in the circulating libraries. Ile, himself, had road some thousands of novels, and it agreed with with his experience, that the perusal of thom had been injurious, and not beneficial to him, inasmuch, as it hau excited his imagination at the expense of the other powers of the mind. In novels, scenes of misery aro drawn in an attractive form, without unpleasant adjuncts of reality, anda fine lady, seated in her draw- ing room, can peruse these, though she would be disgusted with scenes of real distress, were she to visit the mud huts of poverty. He im- puted the superiority of Lord Bacon and Sir Isaac Newton to the circumstance, that they did not live in a novel-reading age. He looked upon Boz (Dickens) not as a novel- ist, but as a graphic depictor of scenes in real life. He concluded, by reading Dr. Chan nings's well-known sketch of a city. Mr. MICHIE, the barrister, said, he could most conscientiously speak for the affirma- tive, as he had himself received much benefit from reading novels, though, he had not, like Mr. Currey, read thousands. That gentle- man had represented imagination as a bad or false faculty ; but as it was part of our com- mon humanity, he could not agree with this opinion. Sir Charles Wetheral, in a debate in Parliament, on Penny Theatres, had said, that the morals of the pieces there repre- sented are above the standard of morals among the frequenters ; and in the same way, he should say, that the morals of novels are universally of a high standard, because the writers have no motive to make them other- wise, and nobody would read them if they openly professed immoral principles. A learned sergeant, at home, had stated, that he had read no books but works on law for thirty years ; but he (the speaker) deemed this to have been said in a narrow and contracted spirit, inasmuch as reading novels and law reports is quite compatible. He, himself, when a boy, had at the risk of matutinal consequences, neglected his Westmister Latin grammar over night, for the pleasure of peru- sing fictions, and he did not now regret it. As to the allegation, that novels are false, he did not see how that could render them in- jurious, any more than it could do a picture, or painting, and nobody ever dreamed of making such a charge against the fine art of painting. Lately he had read Bulwer's novel of Night and Morning, and he was confident he received benefit from the perusal. _Mr. Eiiwutn FLETCHER, for the negative, did not profess to know so much of the subject in some of the other speakers ; but what he did know, had led him to form an unfuvouiable opinion of novels. Mr. Slatterie, he thought, had made so many con- cessions to the negative side, that his argu- ments for the affirmative were more than counterbalanced. His first concession was, that he was not an advocate for indiscriminate novel-reading ; yet the question bore novels generally. Ilia fécond concession was, that novels have done an incredible amount of evil. He (Mr. Fletcher) had found all writcrs on Education universally condemning them. His third concession was, that novels ought to be read along with more solid works; but if the affirmative, of the question be right, novels and novels alone ought to be read. His fourth concession was, that novels ought always to be read under the direction of some judicious parent or friend. Mr. Slaltcrie's position, that novel-reading improves and cultivates the imagination, could not, he thought, be supported ; and he would prefer the reading of Milton, Spencer, or Words- worth. When Mr. Michie had said that all novels exhibit a high standard of morality, he must have read under very judicious direction, or have been very fortunate in his choice. Ho quoted from Grant's Great Metropolis, an account of the London Penny Theatres, to show how very low their standard of morality is pitched. The excited state of ecstacy which Mr. Michie had experienced after read- ing Night and Morning, was one of the worst evils of novel-reading. Novels, in fact, are only read for amusement, mid therefore they are dangerous and injurious. He praised Thaddeus of Warsaw and the Scottish Chiefs ; but condemned Ernest Maltravers as im- moral. Mr. DAVID TAYLOR, for the affirmative, said, he had been a convicted novel- reader from his earlier years, when, .sauntering along the lonely shores of a romantic loch in the Scot- tish Highlands, on his way to school, he had devoured the enchanting pages of Jack the Giant Killer. As his taste became moro im- proved, he selected works of fiction of a higher class, and he could conscientiously declare, that he had received more good than evil from their perusal. Then, as to the morality of novels, he thought if they were tried by the same standard as preaching, they would probably have the advantage in comparison. Such a writer as Sir Walter Scott was read wherever the sun shone, wherever man was civilized, no less in his native Scot- land, than in the wilds of America, on the shores of Africa, on the banks of the Ganges, and in the islands which bestud the ocean in every hemisphere of the globe. He traced the origin of novel-writing lo the wandering ministréls of the North, who delighted with their tales our remote ancestors, before thoy migrated fronv the forests of Scandinavia, and the banks of the Rhine and the Danube, to the shores of Britain» Like novels and romances, the theatre usually maintained a moral character of no low standard. For example, when the notorious Miss Foote appeared on the Edinburgh stage, not one female could be seen amongst the audience ; and the same thing happened to Kean, after his rumpus with the alderman's lady. Mr. '1. DODD, of the College High School, professed himself to be decidedly and con- scientiously for the negative. He had read many novels himself, but had for a consider- able time given up the practice, because he had found it to be a great waste of valuable time, which could be more profitably spent in useful studies. Mere recreation and the killing of time, which were the chief motives of readers in perusing novels, he looked upon to be selfish and pernicious. With respect to inveterate novel readers, he thought they ac- quired a bad habit of being critical with re- spect to the incidents and characters. At all events, it disinclined thom towards reading serious and useful books, such ns it requires study to comprehend and digest, for instance the works of Lord Bacon, of which Mr, Michie had given an example when he read novels instead of getting his Latin grammar lessons. Mt. Dodd also thought, that novel readers, from breathing so much of the false atmosphere of fiction, would acquire a propensity to false- hood and lying. He concluded with two in- cidents, which had fallen under his own ob- servation, of readers so absorbed in novel reading that they set themselves on fire from the candles. The SECRETARY rose, not to deliver a speech, but to make two short remarks to give op- portunity to the next speaker for the negative. One remark was, that Mr. Grant, whom Mr. Fletcher gave as an authority, was not to be trusted for facts ; and he read from the very avlicle on Penny Theatres, an account of one at Paddington which held two thousand per- sons crowded every night-an impossibility in the effective state of the London police. Another remark wa», that Mr. Fletcher said all writers on Education, disapproved of -novels, whereas Miss Edgeworth, one of the best writers on Education, was herself a voluminous novel writer. Mr. ALLEN said, all the speakers had found fault with one another, even those who were on the same side, mid he gave, ns an instance of this, Mr. Michio's unceremonious boule- versement of all Mr. Slatterie's romantic cas- tles in the clouds. Mr. Slatterie had insisted upon the point, that "great mental improve ment" would arise from novel reading; but he,(Mr. Allen) thought, the recommendation of novels would be very much of a-piece with the advice which the serpent gave to Eve in the garden of Eden. Mr. S.IMIILI. said, the previous speakcrs had not diïcussed lhe question ¡itali; but had merely made sweeping and unproved assertions as to the immorality of novels. Ernest Mnltrnvcrs, which had been so condemned, had been abused unfairly, inasmuch ns it is an un- finished work¡ as he proved from the book. He then put his argument in form of a sylla gism, thus, " All moral works are beneficial to society : Novels are moral works ; Ergo, novels must be beneficial to society." His chief argiunentto prove that novels are mo- ral was, that if they were immoral they would not sell ; but would be dead stock to the book- seller. If a buyer, he said, is himself im- moral, an immoral work can do him no harm. Ile then drew a distinction between what is vulgar, and what is immoral, referring to the character of Chucks in Marryat's Peter Simple. He maintained that novels create a i taste for reading, and are the only hooks that j can be relished when the mind, under the in- fluence of fatigue, recoils from study. Ile himself had not read a novel for two years. Mr. HOLDSWORTH, for the negative, said, novels never leave any lasting impression upon the mind, and therefore cannot be be- neficial, not so much indeed as newspaper in- cidents, which we know to be true and not embellished hy fancy, like novels and ro- mances. He considered, that it was not at all beneficial to mental improvement to obtain pleasure from the _ perusal of novels. Joseph Andraws was decidedly bad.and im- moral. He held Mr. Hill's syllogism to be bad and illogical. ' The VICE-PRESIDENT, for the affirmative deemed it irrelevant to trace »'ne origin of romances. He distinguished romances as containing supernatural and improbable incidents, from novels, which exhibit what is-natural and probable. He considered Defoe's Robinson Crusoe ns the first English novel, evory_ incident in it being beautifully natural. Richardson's Panwla followed, anil had been productive of much good, though the incidents are much overcolourcd ; and Fielding had caricatured and ridiculed them in his Joseph Andrews, which some of the previous spoakers had abused from not being aware of the object of the work. He strongly recommended Goldsmith's Vicar of Wake- field, as one of the most purely moral books in the language ; and also praised Miss Edge worth's Absentee, &c;, for a similar reason. Ile referred to the splendid depicturing of scenery, and of variety of character, in Scott's novels, as high eliot ts of genius, and defended liim for caricaturing the Covenanters, by showing that he gave them credit for true piety, and had drawn a true portrait of their inhuman persecutor Claveihouse. Scott's novels always end morally, or, as the critics term it, have a just catastrophe. He mad« light of the incident of a young lady setting fire to lier dress while reading a novel, as she might have done the same in reading Lord Bacon; and the young gentleman, who singed his whiskers over a novel, might have done the same in reading one of Rowland's puff's of his Macassar oil. He did not like to hear attempts to thrust philosophic works down our throats at all times. We cannot always be eating dry bread, though it be the staff of life, but require butler or something else to render it palatable ; and we cannot always bo rending Loid Bacon, hut tenu,T ¡¿liter wmks foi recitation lie conndeied ht imusemcnt ( f noxel leading much nuT bercfic.nl linn Hit binb lions amusements of oin inttbtois, such is ben billing Hf> nigh d it the statement ot ni wsn Vr ," cidents not being embellished, awl alL showed lit absuulih of tlie distinction 4 tempted by one spcikei to he diiwn hcUec, what is nilgai and what is minion], ti , speakei hanng quite misundtino id the elm , nctu of Mam at s Chucks Ue ¿""X», Mi Gi ant s Sketches as a u orthless and m - probable romance Ile concluded hyams, angt from Su W Scott s ai líele on tilt Drama in the J najt lona lia B, ifannica ' Mi I DM, foi the aflirmative, nimntimcd hit novels had done more hirm'than Eo"(l loi, though it was a leged that innocent ,,e. sons might icid such woil» «cn ifimmois without haim, yet, it wis cleai, that if .""' tinned pictuics of v ict weie phcod before iU mind, they must it length produce mi , ! pit won, an opinion strouglj expi eased m tL well-known verses of Pope 1,1 the loud to min it,s the first step that is n.ipoiKi, and ought to be cautiously guaided He dinrc cated the representations given in novels of pious persons, who are usually described as designing hypocrites In leading novels he consideied them calculated to utnte ?"? corrupt the taste, by overdrawn descriptions Ho looked upon the te,«, loieed lionueidtrs of fiction as not genuine, othenwse, instead of weeping over imaginary distresses, thev would ws.t and i clune the re lily necessitous and he gave an instance from the french people during the revolution, who wept every eiening nt the tragedies in the theatre, and spent the day in s inhumai j exec itions I be old romances were calculated to create ima- ginan fears of ghosts and apparitions, and ill noi tis mid romances must ttnd to fill tim mind with false and worthless information, which the memory would mix up with real facts into i mdanqt of uttci confusion a cncunistancc c\cmphhed in Sir W Scott's genuine histories, which are therefore not to be trusted. Mi RENNIE, the Secret ii j, said, he rested his argument upon two pinicipal points, first, that novels and romances are beneficial to society, as affording nu inexhaustible source of amusement, which, in one fonn or other is indispensable to human existence The 1 ibouicr, after his bodily toil- tlieprofessional man, niter his mental fatigue-the man in petuniaiy difhculties, in pi ison, or out oí pi ison-the passengei on a long voya 'e &c; all lcquired amusement, and where 'could they find amusement so suited to then wants as in novels In the s.me w ay, females could not always be on the rack of attention to domestic allai)s, they must have relaxation and amusement or the mind would lose its nairn al and healthy tone Second!}, nouls and romances afloid a display of all the highest ciualities of genius in the writers, and he could not tonctiie any excicise oi the mind, in jounj oi old, nioio beneficial than the contemplation of hist inte piodiictions of genius, as m my novels are, bejond all con- ti ndiçtion As to objections, all he had heard uiged would apply no less stiongly against 1 oetiy, Painting, Statuarj, and Architecture for as theie aie hid noiols, so me there very bad poems, and mu t we not read Milton and Cow pci, because lhere are such poems as La PIICLIU and Let Gue ns des Dienti Must we not visit picture-galleries, been se v, o may meet w ith the Venus»* of Titi m and. the Banditti ot Silvitor Roai» Must we. i enounce statuai j on account ot its not unfa, uueut indecencies » L\cn m the bmldi îeof houses and temples the elegant (m ksliad introduced the indecent figures ot Pnapi« and weie we, thciefore, never to look at at v line specimen of irclutectuio' He spoke highly ol thePilginnsPiogrPss-one of the wildest of ill lomancen-and piaised De Vere mil lieinatneas highly moi al, while ho de- nounced Wertei, Heloise, fristiain Shaiuk, and Rookwood, as unfit foi perusal Air. JosEi'ii WALKER had read many worts ot fiction, and the chief ideas which arose in his mind from their perusal, was, the final retribution which the authors would suffer in n future state. He seemed 'to have formed it very contemptible opinion of Defoe's Robin- son Crusoe, which he looked upon as childish and recommended instead of Lord Bacon, the' works of Burke, as more fitted to improve the mind, and stoic the imagination, than any novel. As to reading for amusement, on shipboard or in prison, he rocommended in- stead of this, a course of some useful study. . lie denounced Joseph Andrews, hut could 3ee nothing immoral in Sterne's Ssntimsnlat Journey. _ Mr. SLATTERIE, the opener, replied, ¡nest- ing chiefly upon the point, that the abuse of anything was no argument against its legiti- mate use. It was no reason why we should eat no bread at nil, that the Sydney bakers often supplied bad bread, and, in the same way, it was no argument against reading novels, thnt there are in the circulating libra- ries some, or even many, bad ones. The PRESIDENT then put the vote, when it was carried in tho affirmative by a large ma- jority, not moro than half a dozen voting against novels. The next question will be, " Is the use of Tobacco injurious?" Mr. W. C. Currey to lead for the affirmative, and Mr. E. Fletcher to reply for the negative. PAROCHIAL ASSOCIATION.-A meeting was held in St. Laurence Church, on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of forming a Paro- chial Association for the promotion of works of piety and charity, particularly among the poorer classes. The meeting was most res- pectably and numerously attended. The chair was taken by the Rev. W. H. Walsh, who after prayers spoke at considerable length on the connexion between, and the respective duties of a clergyman and the people com- mitted to his charge, and then stated that he had thought it his duty to call them together to join the Association, the rules of which had been carefully drawn up, and would be read by the Secretary. The population of the parish was about three thousand souls, and the adjoining suburbs about fifteen hundred more, and for this population the church had only one school, called an infant school, with an average attendance of one hundred and seventy children ; to make this school perfect according to the system on which it was established, it should be divided into three, and to place it on a proper footing, would be one of the first and most important duties of the Association. They would also have to assist the adult portion of the poor in acquiring and adding to their stock of Chris tian knowledge, and he knew of no way in which they could do this more effectually than by providing them with books which would both instruct and amuse, and therefore he proposed to have a lending library estab- lished. Other works of piety and charity would of course suggest themselves to the association, particularly that of visiting the poor, and assisting their temporal wants, and by forming Benefit Societies, teaching them to mutually to assist each other. He had also in perspective the establishment of a foundation school, for the clothing, educating, and apprenticing a certain number of boys, but that could not be done yet, it was only in prospective as an en- couragement for them to proceed. The So- ciety he proposed should consist of members paying eight shillings a year by quarterly payments; if the wealthy gave more it would be looked upon as a donation, so that all per- sons should subscribe alike, and the amount had been fixed so low in order that the poor and children might be encouraged to belong to it. The management ot the Society was to be invested in the President, (the clergyman of the parish, a Committee of twelve members, a Secretary, and a Treasurer. The different rules were then read seriatim, and most of them agreed to unanimously; on one or two of them some little discussion arose, but no material alteration was made in any of them. At the conclusion of the meeting a consider- able numbers of persons became members, of the Association, and several donations were presented. THBVTRC-Colman s well known play of THE IRON CHEST was brought out at the Vic- toria on Monday evening, the principal character. Sir Edward Mortimer being played by Mr. Neibitt: this part is particularly adapted for the display of those powers of de- clamation for winch Nesbitt is celebiated, he supported it \ cry well and was vehemently (pplauuetl ni the opening scene ho w i, nlliei on stilts, hut iltci wauls pniliculmly m the list scene, his acting was \ciy line Spencei s lltlfotd was i ithci a ploisin" pci fjrinance, Gio\cs v. is i hiimouious old man as iitzhaidnig, Simes funny enough ns Sam sun and renton, in ictoi who is ilwijs ijci'ing, pla} ed rein irkably well is Adam Hi terian The fern ile chiiactcrs ,ie trifiug and were pi ij ed bj Mrs 1 houison, Jliss Mithe«s, Mrs Ollaheitj, and, i «nightly country gul by Mi = knowles On ide «hole the piece was well pi lyed, wa3 well recen ed, and will bear i epetition ESUISTRIAN 1 MIS-Horses sometimes fall on the side, sometimes on the head, and some- times hack upon the haunches, hut most fre qiiently they fall upon the knees A saddle horse seldom needs assistance to rise , but if old, stiff, e\hmated, 01 ljing in an awkward position, he may not be able to get up with- out help, and the nder should know how to nflord it Almost e\eiy horse rises A iib his head first, he begins by throwing out Ins f oie logB ouchy one, he cannot use when they ure below linn, he elevates his head, and t len, by a sudden and single cffoi t, he spi inga io Ins feet If assistance be needful, it must he gi\en by supporting the head Do not stand befoie the horse, nor on the side to which Ins feet are lying Go to the bael, sci/c the i ems close to the mouth, when the horse elevates his head endenv our to keep it iii), to render it a fi%ed point from which the muscles mav act in raising the body, while one hand is suppoiting the held, place the other on the withers or shoulder, and push the liol se off y ou, so as to set the body over the legs It lequnes a good deal of pi notice ti become expeit in gning this assistance Some aie so awkwaid about it, that thev will baie the horses up and down half a do^cii time?, and bruised all ovei, befoie they get him on Ins feet In harness, the hoi se is sel- dom able to use till liberated fiom the shafts o traces About towns, the moment a horse falls, he is surrounded by a crowd of ofiicion* assistants, eveij one giwng oiders, oi doing SDmo mischief lhey are ^ely fond of cut- ting the harness, and if the owner do not look shnrp, he will ha\e tiaccs, pole-piece, and back bands, cut to shreds befoie he hears s word about it Hie hist thing to be done ii to secure the horse's henel. Keep it down, that he may not injure himself, or do further mischief, in fruitles attempts to rise. The next thing to be done, is to unbuckle such parts of the harness as connect the horse with the draught. In double harness, it is gene- rally sufficient to unbuckle the neck- strap, which connects the pole-piece and traces to the collar. By backing the carriage a few yards, the horse gets room to rise. When Iving with his feet inward, his companion should be removed. If the harness do not come separate upon loosing the neck-strap, the traces must be taken off the horse, or off tha bar. In shafts, the cartiage must be put back before the head is freed ; but if there is, no weight on the back, and the legs are not entangled, it is enough to support the head, without unyoking the horse. After the horse ii up, steady him for a few moments till he collect himself, Examine his knees, legs, haunches, head, and mouth ; see thut none of the shoes are torn off. if not disabled, let him start at a gentle pace ; some part may bo so painful or benumbed, that a hurried start will produce a second fall. The causes of falling are very numerous. Bad riding, bad shoeing, or neglect of shoeing ; bad roads, over-reaching, cutting, an ill-fitting or ill placed saddle ; a stone in the foot, and weak- ness of the horse, are among the most com- mon causes. A bad rider may permit a horse to fall, merely by neglecting to support his head ; he may hurry over roads hardly fit for a walking-pace ; he may lean too much for wnid; or lie may ride the horse till he can scarcely put one foot before another. Bad shoeing may throw a horse down. By ne- glecting to shoe at proper times, or to change the mode of shoeing when the work changes, t'ie feet become long, the shoes defective, or perhaps the horse goes to the field with shoes made tor the road. There are various other causes, which I have no room to describe. Indeed they all belong to horsemanship more than to stable economy. The horse is some- times severely injured. Mere abrasions of the head, the haunch, and other parts, need no notice. Among the most common and severe injuries, are those of the knoe, the head, the neck, the back, and the legs. Stewart's Stable Economy. CONVEYANCE HY WATER.-Tenders will bo received at the Colonial Secretary's Office, at twelve o'clock, on Monday, the 27th June next, from persons> willing to contract for the conveyance of cabin and steerage passengers, troops, prisoners, and stores, for the colonial Government, from Sydney to Hobart Town, during the present year. The tenders must state the rate for each cabin passenger, and for each steerage passenger, soldier, or pri- soner, with or without the supply of the estab- lished rations for each ; as well us the rate per ton measurement for stores. Payment will be made at Sydney by quarterly bills, on the production of the receipts and certificates from the proper officer, of the due perfor- mance of the services required. The parties tendering, or their agents, arc requested to attend at theColonial Secretary's Office at the time of the ppcniug the tenders. Further particulars mnj' be obtained at the office of the Harbour Master.-Government Gazette. MRS LOGAN's CONCERT -Last evening, Mrs Logan, assisted by Mrs Clarke, and the elilte of her company, afforded a musical en- tertainment, which every person present seems disposed to pronounce one of the best of which Hobart Town has ever boasted. The room, being large and sonorous, showed to advan- tage the vocal powers of the different singers on whose part we have never before witnessed such evident exertions to do their utmost. The orchestra told well, and performed their overtures with, as it appeared to us, more than ordinary effect; indeed, for the anti- podes nothing remained to be wished for. Of Mrs. Logan's proficiency on tho piano- forte, we had heard much, and, in due ratio, expected much, but our anticipation certainly fell short of the pleasing reality which broke upon us in her solo upon that instrument. Her precision of fingering is not more re- markable than the taste which she so happily bestows on each and every part of the musical theme, and without which the execution of a Hertz may surprise, but cannot gratify. But it was more especially in the act of accom- panying that this lady bestowed incontestible proofs of intuitive talent; we say " intuitive," because excellence on this point, depending on a I'on ne sait quoi which the experienced singer, without being able to define, imme- diately appreciates in the person by whom he is well accompanied, cannot be acquird by practice, but is innate with the possessor. Without appearing to drag far behind, Mrs. Logan can allow full scope to the taste of the vocalist; and catching, is it were, the outline of his musical feeling, with him she can pass through the various grandations fiom pianis- simo to the fortissime. In Hertz's duo a quatre mains, for the pianoforte, Mrs Logan performed the treble part, and one of her pupils, a young lady not exceeding ten or eleven year's of age, the bass. The manner in which the latter went through her task, was highly creditable to herself, as it spoke unequivocally to the system of tuition followed by her teacher. It was evident, from the truth of time, the freedom of touch, and, above all, the exemption from that mechanical musical-snuff-box style so ordinary with young performers, that Mrs. Logan begins her tuition at the beginning, and by paying attention to the groundwork of the accom- plishment, lays a solid foundation for future excellence. Without possessing a strong voice, this lady knows well how to modulate her tones so as to make the most of it. In- deed, by exquisite taste and judgment, her melliflowing sounds are such as, with at- tention, to ensure the highest gratification. Her duet with Signor Carndini, " Cle veggio" was deservedly encored; the two voices blended well together, and Signoi C.'s cer- tainly never before sounded to such advantage as it did on that occasion. "Kathleen Ma- vourneen" also received the entire quantum of expression of which this favourite song is so susceptible. On the subject of the other performers, space will not allow of our noticing the individual exertions of each, and to singularise may appear invidious : we will, therefore, confine ourselves to expressing our opinion of' the credit due to Mrs. Clarke for the gratuitous assistance which she contri- buted, by herself and company, to the attrac- tions of the evening, and to each member of that company for the unceasing exertions of which they gave proof, to enhance the general effect. Mrs. Sterling, whose classic style has always pleased us in her vocal performances, exhibited an additional talent, for which we had not till then given her credit, in the piano accom- paniment, which she disposed of with apparent ease, though containing operatic passages requiring a certain degree of finger- ing. Now that wc have had an opportunity of judging for ourselve that Mrs. Logan's reputation amongst us has not exceeded her merits, and that, in addition to the possession of talent in herself, she has also the happy method of imparting it to so many of her pupils, we have no hesitation in pronouncing her intended departure from these shores as a loss to the rising generation on this side of the island. However, since such is to be, we regret that, for a farewell entertainment, the weather should not have been more pro- pitious, as, had it not been for the rain, we doubt not but that the attendance (about two hundred and fifty) would have been far more numerous.-Hobart Town Courier, June 10. (Mrs. Logan is sister to Mr. Ellard of George street,and may shortly be expected in Sydney.) WATERMEN'S WiiAnr.-It would appear from complaints nlinost daily made that the public are not generally aware that the water- men who formerly plied to and from the Queen's Wharf, now ply from, a new stone wharf, much more commodious in avery res- pect, just on the George-street side of Camp- bell's Wharf. At night there is a lamp, de- noting the situation of the wharf. It will be found too, that the watermen are somewhat more civil than they formerly were, sundry of them having been deprived of their licenses for dishonest and otherwise disorderly con- duct. THE BAND OF THE 80TH REGIMENT. -The admirers of martial music will, we have no doubt, be much pleased with the arrangement made by Colonel Baker, of the 80th Regiment, for the excellent band belonging to that corps playing in the Domain every Monday and Friday afternoon ; the men are ordered to be on the giound these days at half-past three. Mr. Audjatant is the band-master. BRUTAL SPORT.-On Tuesday morning, a mob'of some hundreds was collected in the vicinity of the Cattle Market, to witness the decision of a wager on a battle between two dogs. None of tue police were present, and the low blackguards who got up the fight were enabled to" determine which was the greatest brute in regard to ferocity. SMUGGLING.-We believe that the Custom's department have not as yet seized over Cap- tain Browne's head, although matters are 111 training lo bring up the parties concerned. These, on the other hand have secured the best legal advisers they could, the same as employed in the " Benccarlo" case. The water police schooner has been absent for the last day or two, on another voyage of dis- covery. PORTRAIT TAKINO.-On Tuesday, Charles Brady, late of the G3rd regiment, who had been transported to this colony, and was free yesterday, appeared at the Police Office by order of Captain Innes, for the purpose of having his likeness taken by the constabulary, when Captain Innes stated, that, as Brady was but a single sentenced man it would not he necessary for him to îegister, but he had brought him there in consequence of his having made it a part of his system of super- intending flie convicts, not to allow any 'man obtaining his freedom, to leave Hyde-park Barracks, without having him exhibited to the constables the day previous to his obtain- ing his liberty, as it would be a benefit to the public, and if the parties becoming free wore well conducted, it would not injure them afterwards. AnovE^-BcLow.-Some days ago we noticed the intention of the Water Police to prosecute commanders of vessels for not keeping watch, as directed by the Water Police Act; some of the parties have been fined; a great num- ber however, escaped, being of the little fleet which sailed on Sunday last, We are told however, that it is quite refreshing now, to hear the bells chiming in concert the hours and half hours, and the officers of the watch calling the relief. So far, ut all events, the informations have done good. QUEEN'S WHARP.-All these splendid pre- mises-marenntile residence, wool and gen eral receiving and shipping stores,-at present oc- cupied by J. S. Hanson, Esq., will be let, on the ground, hy Mr. Stubbs, this day, at eleven. The letting is on the most favourable terms, and deserves the attention of every merchant in Sydney.-Commwn'milhl. _ ' , KoiiiiERY.-At an early hour yesterday morning, two men entered the residence of a poor milkwomnu, in Sussex-street, stating that they were constables, and that their ser- geant, was outside. They expressed doubts as to " the condition " ot the " good man of the house," and demanded his certificate of freedom. The man went to his box, closely followed by one of the soi disant policemen. Ile was pushed aside immediately on his opening the box, and an old stocking contain- ing some £3 was stolen. Tho thieves nrc, fortunately, pretty well known, and although the milkwoman will be the loser of her money, they will not escape punishment. THE CUDOEE AND BURYINO-GROUND Bosn- ia »NQERS.-The Cudgee bushrangers, in pur- suit of vT,,om !l jnu'ly of the Sydney, and also of the mounted pi1«", were sent on Sunday night, turned out to be nd :«-ore than a party of respectable young men, who went to look after opossums and. pigeons, and returned to Sydney before the police left it. There is also every reason to believe that the story, trumped up by the parties said to have been attacked in the burying-ground,* on Tuesday evening, is a pure fabrication. GALLERY OF PORTRAITS.-Several additions wero made yesterdny, to the " Gallery of Portraits" which is being formed under the superintendence of the Sydney Police Magis- trates. Captain Innes also took effectual steps to relieve Sydney, for a time, of sundry rogues and vagabonds, by giving them profit- able employment in the House of Correction for two or three months each. 