rFmm thVNewiYortc' Mereury.1 At the request of the editor of the Railway ff£iM, I will- pre«ch on thU occasion from. the; following text :— ' '- 1 ? ' ???';? ' ', if ve are honest, honourable men,, , ?'_«????' Go ye ana — pay me i-rim™. , , ... \- Mv learers,— There are many seeming trifles in thiVwoiid vtfiich you are apt to overlook, ou ac Munt of the r unimporUnce, the neglect of which Sunied thousands into the deepest m re of nSUrv and «unk their character into inextricable SeSt'Sn. Among these ostensible trifles that of Selecting to pay our honest debts is the most clmrnon. and attended with the worst conse Sei. It takes r ff the silken fur from the fine threads of feeling, cicates a misanthropic coldness .tout the heart, skims off all the cream that may chSnce -to rise upon the milk of generosity, and makeVnwn look as savagely on his brother man as doe* a dor upon one of his species, while engaged Intne gratifying employment of eating his master's d'nnerrone debt beget, another. 1 1 have always observed. th«t he who owes a man a dollar is sure ?rowe him a grudge, and he is always more ILiT to pay compound interest on the latter San on the former' Oh. my friends, to be over head and ears in love is as bad a predicament as a person ought to be in ; but to be so deeply in debt that you can't sleep at night without being haunted bv the ghost of some insatiate creditor, is enough Km man the hydrophobia, make him bite . wheelbarrow, cause it to run mad, and create a ?eneral consternation among the lamp posts. .Mydear friends, the debt th.t sit. heaviest on the conscience of ? mortal— if he ha. one— is the debt due to the printers. It presses harder upon one', bosom than the nightmare galls the soul fret, and chafe, every ennobling sentiment sneeze, the juice of fraternal .ymp. thy «?Am the heart, and leave, it drier than the iurSce o^ doited pouto. A man who wrong. a printer out of a (ingle cent can never expect to eZy comfort in this world, and may well have doubt, of flndinghappines. in the other. He will k. «ir* in to down to the grave ere time snail De deck hi. brow with the .livery °'°'°™- '' -»=? and the green leavea of hope will fall before the bud of eiuoyroent ha. expanded. It i. true that the mushrooms of peace may apring up during a snort night of forgetfulness. but they will all wither under the scorching ray. of remorse. How can vou. my friends, ever have tl.e wickedness and cruelty to cheat the printer when you consider how much he ha. done, and if every day doing for vou t He has poured into the treasuries of your minds some of the most valuable gifts that any thing short of a God can bestow^-aye, riches which you would not part with for the possession of the whole world and a mortgage on a small room of heaven, With the keys of magic, as it were, he has opened the iron-cased doors of the human understanding— dispelled the darkness of iknorance, and lit up the lamps of knowledge and wisdom. That mighty engine the Press, is sur, rounded by a h«lo of glory, and ita effulgence extends all over ' the broad empire of the mind, illuminating the darkest avenue* of the heart j and yet the printer, the man who toils at the lever of this »oul»onlightening instrument, is often robbed of his hard earned bread by thote whom he has delivered from mental bondage and. placed in a paradise, to lay off and grow fat upon the fruits of his labour. ! Oh, you ungrateful sinners I if you have hearts moistened with the dew. of mercy, instead of gluards filled with gravel, take heed what I say unto you. If there be one among you in the congregation whose accounts are not settled with the printer, go and adjust them immediately, and be able to hold up your heads in society like a giraffe: be respected by the wise and the good, vfreefrom the tortures of a guilty conscience, the mortification of repeated duns, and escape from falling into the clutches of these licensed thieves, the lawyers. If you are honest and honourable men, you will go forthwith and pay the printer. You will not wait for the morrow, because there is no to-morrow j it is but a visionary receptacle for unredeemed promises; an addled egg in the great neat of the future ; the debtor's hope and the creditor's curse. If you are dishonest; low minded sons of satan, I do not auppose you will . ever pay the printer as long as you have no repu tation to lose, no character to sustain, and no morals to cultivate. But let me tell you, my friends, that if you don't do it your paths to the tnmk will Ko strewn with thorns, vou will have to gather your daily food from brambles, your chil dren will die of dysentery, and yourselves will never enjoy the blessings of health ! I once called on a sick person whom the doctors had given up as ? gone case. 1 asked him if he had made his peace with hi. Maker. He aaid he thought he had squared every thing up. I enquired if he had forgiven all hi* enemies. He replied yes. I then asked him if he had made his peace with his . printer. He hesitated for a moment and Jhen aaid, he believed he owed him something like ?bout two dollars and fifty cents, which he denired to have paid before he bid good bye to the world. His desire was immediately gratified, and from that he became convalescent. He is now living in the ' enjoyment of health and prosperity, at peace with hi. own conscience, his God, and the whole world. Let this be an example for you, my friends. .Patronise the printer, take the papers, pay them in advance, and your daya will be long upon the earth, end overflowing with tli* honey of hap ? pines..: My hearers, pay. all your debts, and keep an 'honourable reckoning with your fellow men ; but above all keep paying, by daily instalments, that everlasting debt of gratitude which you owe to Him from whom you obtained the capital sufficient ' to begin the first transactions of lite, so that when you come to balance account, at the day of ^general, settlement, all things may appear fair and above board. ' So may it be.' 