LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. CHRISTENING OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. (From the Launceston Courier, May 23.) This ceremony was performed with great pomp at St. George's Chapel, Windsor. His Majesty the King of Prussia was pre- sent on the occasion. We have only space to make the following extract from a lengthy report of this interesting proceeding, which took place on the 25th of January « The Christening — On the Queen's enter ing the choir, the grand march from Judas Mac cabeus was performed on the ongan by Dr. Elvey. Before its completion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, and a signal ' was given to discontinue the performance. It was, understood that her Majesty had expressed a wish that the ceremony should not be pro tracted by instrumental performances, and that it wa9 in compliance with the Queen's express desire, and that alone that any abreviation took place in the musical arrangements previously decided on. The organ having ceased, the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of the bap tismal service. His Grace read the beautiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impressive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Archbishop came to the questions pro- ! pounded to the godfathers and godmothers of j children brought to be baptised. His Grace j then turning to the sponsors, roost impressively i demanded of them as follows:— " Dost thou, in the name of this Child, re nounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, and the carnal desires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow, nor be led by them ?" To this the King of Prussia replied for the sponsors generally, in conformity with the words of the Liturgy, " I renounce them all." His Majesty delivered this sentence and the other responses in the service quickly, but distinctly and emphatically. His accent did not appear to be at all that of a foreigner. The Archbishop having arrived at the part of the service in which he is to take the child into his arms, her Grace the Duchess of Buccleuch received the infant Prince from the nurse, who stood close to the Queen and Prince Albert, and delivered his Royal Highness to the Arch bishop. His Grace held the royal child in his arms with the greatest care, surrendering the prayer book to the Bishop of London, who held it for him during this part of the solemnity, Ilis Grace then turned to the King of Prussia and the other sponsors, arid said, " Name this child." His Majesty replied in a clear voice, " We name him Albert Edward." The Arch bishop then performed the holy rite of sprink ling and signing the mark of the cross upon the child's forehead, saying, " Albert Edward I baptize thee, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The organ gave forth, and the congregation joined in a solemn "Amen." The Prince lifted his little hands on being sprinkled and crossed. The Archbishop then delivered up the Prince to the Mistress of the Robes, who carried His Royal Highness to his nurse. Prince Albert was observed to watch most attentively His Royal Iligness's progress from the font to the nurse's arms. The Queen also cast glances of motherly pride and delight at the youthful heir to the throne. The Prince of Wales appeared to be a remarkable fine boy, and behaved with most princely decorum. The Archbishop then offered up the thanks giving for the admission of the child. as a mem ber of Christ's Church, and then, all kneeling, the holy prayer given to christians by the Saviour was most impressively delivered. At this moment the scene was solemn and mag nificent in the extreme, and would afford a worthy subject for the pencil of the artist. At the conclusion of the service the Prince was carried from the choir to the chapter room, and the organ pealed forth the magnificent " Hallelujah chorus" of Handel. Prince Albert was observed to heat time during its performance, and the Queen cast repeated glances at the gallery, which, without any great strength of imagination, might be construed to to-be expressive of Her Majesty's satisfaction and approbation. Her Majesty also once or twice during the ceremony addressed herself to Prince Albert and the Lord Chamberlain. The chorus having been brought to a conclu sion, the Queen curtseyed tnost graciously, firsj to the King of Prussia and the Sponsors, then to the Archbishop and the Ecclesiastics, and then, with a kindly smile, to her uncle, the Duke of Sussex, who stood near her. Then taking Prince Albert's arm, her Majesty left the choir in the same form as she entered it. The Queen having retired, the King of Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered his arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge, aud the rest of the the royal party. The Archbishops and other prelates next passed out of the chapel, leaving it by the south door. The company assembled in the body of the choir were then permitted to pass to the altar table, to inspect the plate, the font, &e.; Great anxiety was shewn to dip a hand kerchief or glove into the water of the font brought from the Jordan, with a view (o trea sure up such articles as reminiscenses of this auspicious occasion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach to the font and altar, that it was some time ere the chapel could be finally cleared. Among the occurrences of the day most particularly observed, was the devotion evinced by the King of Prussia. During the per formance of the baptismal service his Majesty never once was seen to take his eyes from his book, save when he was called upon to answer the interrogatories of the Archbishop. His Majesty's conduct throughout the service was indeed a pattern for princes and for subjects. Mr. Iiayter was present, by command of her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony ; and Mr. Baxter, the artist, was present, by her Majesty's permission, for the same purpose. Mr. Thesiker lias been prevailed on to take the place of Mr. Sergeant Talfourd, as leading advocate of the rights of literature and science in the House of Commons, and that he has for some time been pre paring a new bill for the further extension of copyright ; which, however will be found extremely different in detail from the Ser geant's. Mr. Charles Dickens sailed in the Britannia, from Liverpool, on Wednesday, on his way to the United States. Mr. Peel, an uncle of Sir Robert Peel, died very suddenly at Exmouth, in Devon shire, on Wednesday, January 5th ; having fallen from his chair in a fit of apoplexy while silting at table with his son. He died intestate. It is rumoured that he has left upwards of two millions of money. Thomas Hewett, a chartist, was indicted at the Norwich Quarter Sessions, for a riot at Catton New Church. He. was a ringleader in creating a disturbance during the consecration of the church. The jury found him guilty of the minor offence of unlawfully assembling. He was sentenced to imprisonment for two months, and to find sureties himself in £100, and two householders in £50 each, to keep the peace for twelve months. Dr. Fowler, Bishop of Ossory, Ferns, and Leighlin, Ireland against whom a commission of lunacy was recently taken out, expired at the Palace, Kilkenny, in January last. The deceased Prelate was iu the 76th year of his age, and was con secrated Bishop of Ossory in May, 1818. On Sunday afternoon, the 23rd January, the Conway, 26, Captain Bethune, from China, having on board two millions of dollars, anchored in Plymouth Sound. She brings home many invalids from the squadron in the Chinese seas. She was at the Cape of Good Hope on the 1st October. Government, it is currently reported, has resolved to establish a line of steam communication between the Pacific coast of South America and New Zealand, and the Australian Colonies. The authorities of Panama, we may add, have invited an English engineer to survey a line of rail road across the Isthmus, and are most desirous that the line should be executed by an English company, to which they are prepared to grant extensive privileges. We learn that the Queen has been pleased to grant to the forces employed at the capture of the outworks of Canton, out of the sum received under the convention, a donation equal to one year's amount of the Indian allowance known by the name of'Batta." The shares of Colonels will be £900 each ; of Lieutenant-Colonels, £720 ; of Majors, £540 ; of Captains, £216; of Lieutenants, £144, &c.;, the officers of the Navy sharing according to their telative rank with those of the Army. Those who were not present at the opera tions against Canton, but who were en gaged in other operations of the war, such as the taking of Chusan, are to receive six months Batta. The Gazette notifies the appointment of the Right Honorable Henry Ilobhouse to the Commission of Inquiry into the Exchequer Bill fraud, and the manage ment of the Exchequer Bill Office, in the room of Lord Ashburton. We understand that the Marquis of Exeter will be appointed Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Northampton, in the place uf the late Earl of Westmoreland. 