CHINA. It seems that the policy pursued by Sir Henry Pottinger has hitherto been that of giving as much annoyance as possible to the enemy in order to compel him to be the first to come forward with proposals. Whether this will be successful we much doubt, at least not with the means at present at his disposal, with which he may be able to take or destroy several seaport towns, and thus produce local distress wherever he comes, hut the impression made upon the empire at large, upon the imperial government, and the nation who are of subsistence dependent only in a very small degree upon the coasting or foreign trade, may possibly be but transitory, and the Chinese government may, without any very serious apprehension, look upon the attacks and small success of an enemy, who is apparently wasting his strength without being capable of any great enterprise, as a momentary evil preferable by far to the humiliation of treating him on equal terms, and of making itself the first advances. That the sentiments-of the Chinese continue hostile, receives farther proof from the intelligence lately received from Amoy of large bodies again collecting there, and from the preparations now carrying on at Canton. We cannot from all we have said above, help coming to the conclusion that the force hitherto sent is altogether inadequate to carry out the objects proposed, and that unless very large reinforcements of troops arrive here in the early part of next year, wc may expect that year to pass over as the present has nearly done, viz., without approaching to the attainment of the objects contemplated by the expedition. A New Commissioner It is said a new Commissioner, with very extensive powers, is'on his way to Canton from Peking to settle differences with the English. His name is, wc learn, Wangling, and he has for several years been a member of the " Nuy-ko" or Imperial Cabinet. —Canton Press, October 9. Imperial and Popular Superstition.—The Emperor is at great pains to convince his people that the foreign barbarians have been defeated, and issues thanksgivings to the gods for the manifested favor shewn in repulsing them with great loss from before Canton by a most seasonable thunderstorm and in utterly destroying them afterwards during the Typhoon. His imperial Majesty singularly enough in thanking the goddess of Mercy for having destroyed his enemies, also rejoices at the destruction of a great number of his subjects, whom it is true he stylesjflative traitors, but surely all that gain their livelihood upon the Chinese waters do not deserve that appellation, and yet the thunderstorm and typhoon would reach them equally. The Emperor docs mention that about forty boats only belonging to natives, escaped the fury of the elements ; it may perhaps mean to insinuate that these belonged to his loyal subjects exclusively. However this may be, it is certain that the fjreat mass of the Chinese believe in the special interference bv the gods in human affairs, and it is possible that therefore these imperial edicts may have the desired effect, at a distance at least from the scene of action, to calm the public mind. Although the lower orders of Chinese have, we believe, very little notion of any system of religion, yet they are in the strictest sense polytheists, and excessively superstitious. Their religious rites enter into almost all their every day affairs. It would be considered ominous to omit lighted scented jossstrickp in the morning, and placing them in a conspicuous part of a dwelling. No journey or voyage is ever undertaken without first offering sacrifice to the deity, nor any business of consequence entered on without consulting the calendar for a lucky day. Votive offerings to the altars for deliverance from danger or for some singular good fortune, and ascribed to the benevolent influence of the favorite deity of the respective persons thus benefitted, are made in great number, as likewise to deprecate the divine wrath. The fear of the common Chinese of ghosts or spirits is very great, and there are few, if they may be believed, that have not seen or conversed with them. Women are frequently said to commit suicide, in order that their disembodied spirit may bavc the satisfaction of tormenting a faithless lover, or a cruel husband or relation. If a man comes unfairly by his death, it is supposed that liis spirit will find no repose, until liis murderer has been avenged. Houses haunted by evil spirits are as plentiful in China as they used to be a few ceuturies back in Europe. There is in fact no end to the numerous superstitions clouding the intellect of the Chinese, and it may probably, therefore, be very good policy in the Emperor to avail himself of this feeling in the people for political purposes, nor is it altogether unlikely that he should share in the same opinions. One thing however seems to be certain, that the gods will be as unwilling to extricate the Chinese from tbeir dangers unless they defend shemselves as Hercules was to assist the waggoner until he put his own shoulder to the wheel. 