TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. SIR. — I do not suppose that any who are ac- quainted with Dr. Lang's character and conduct will feel very much surprised at his letter, which appeared in your last paper. His complaints re- semble the cries of a criminal led to execution, who calls, as he passes along the road, to come to his rescue. He has not contented himself, how- ever, with setting forth his own merits ; he must deal forth judgment against all his brethren who cannot see and think like himself. It must he a dark portrait which requires such a strong shade to give it prominence ; the elevation of that cha- racter must be small which requires so much dig- ing and destroying to procure a foundation. There are one or two things in that letter which do not seem altogether in harmony with the im- pression it is designed to convey. 1\. Humility has always been considered a mark of true penitence ; and when a man speaks of his former misdeeds without shame, and boasts of his reformed habits with ostentation, we are very apt to question the sincerity of his repentance, and to suspect that the change has been more the result of necessity than choice — the effects of compul- sion and not the fruits of the " voluntary princi- ple." Dr. Lang should remember that he was once " a state pauper" himself, and a partaker of all the guilt attached to a connexion with the state. He has neither had time to give us proofs of his repentance, nor evidences of the superiority of system which he has now adopted. And should his brethren not see through the same spectacles as himself, he should remember that they have not yet arrived at his age ; and as there is no say- ing what may yet happen, he should exercise a little forbearance towards those whom his former principles and conduct might have been in a great measure the means of misleading. New converts need to be warned as well as encouraged. I feel very much inclined, therefore, to question the jus- tice or propriety of that unqualified praise, which Dr. L. bestows on his voluntary friends. I sup- pose his ardour can only be accounted for from the fact that though he is an old man he is only a yaung voluntary. 2\. True zeal for religion always rejoices in the increase of means for its advancement, although by persons or parties different from ourselves. Paul could rejoice that the gospel was preached, even of envy and strife : Dr. Lang, however, can- not do so. He cannot bear to think of a new minister being sent out to Sydney by the assem- bly's committee : and as people, when they are afraid often conjure up ghosts, so Dr. Lang has conjured up the ghost of an advertisement which was never published ; and like Captain Bobadil, he musters up imaginary foes that he may have the pleasure of slaying them. The statement of Dr. Lang as to the number of presbyterians in Sydney, is only a stronger proof of the necessity of one being sent who will be able to redeem their character and defend them from the injuries they have sustained from professed friends. If Dr. Lang has failed in upholding the presbyterian cause as was expected of him, there is the more need of one in whose abilities and character we can place greater confidence. 3\. True penitence is always ready to make resti- tution of what has been improperly acquired. If a situation is obtained upon certain conditions, no honest man will continue to hold that situation if he comes to be convinced that the terms upon which he obtained it are sinful. He will in such a case either voluntarily resign it, or endeavour to obtain the sanction of those who gave him his present status to the new terms which he would wish enacted. Dr. Lang obtained his present church and status as a minister of the church of Scotland, upon the condition of subscribing its formularies and submitting to its judicatories. When he now refuses both, he is doubly bound to surrender all the advantages he has acquired through the character he then held, or ask the sanction of the church to his continuing minister of St. Andrew's. If Dr. Lang really thinks that church establishments are sinful, he is bound as a true peninent to restore all that he gained by them ; and the objection which he makes as to his own property forming a part of the original outlay, would never weigh a feather with a sin- cere and christian mind. Many have lost their all rather than compromise the truth ; and if Dr. Lang refuses to leave St. Andrew's, we must either conclude that he does not think voluntary- ism the truth, or that he is far from possessing the spirit of a martyr. There are many other things in the letter open to animadversion ; but when we have discovered that the ore is bad, it is needless to sink the mine any further : leaving, therefore, the rest to the neglect which it merits, I remain, your's, A COLONIAL OBSERVER. October 27, 1842. 