Uoral lit tcllfgriirr. Debating Society. — Before the business of the evening commenced the lion. J. E- Murray rose, ami addressing the Chairman said — previous to my departure for Laun ceston I subscribed toy name to an address which was about to be presentend to Air. Arden, (a Vice-President of this Society); my motives for doing so were, that 1 sympa thise with him in his misfortunes, and pitied him for the sufferings lie was about to un dergo ; judge then, sir, my surprise, when on my return to litis town, a few days since, I learned tlint my hnving signed the address, has been supposed to have arisen from a politicnl feeling. It therefore becomes my duty to give to sucli n statement an un qualified denial, — doubtless you will re member that upon n former occasion I op posed the introduction of subjects of a politicnl or polemical character for discus sion in this Society, and it is my firm deter mination to act in consistency with the opi- Itlnll I tllAll DvttDAeenil I nl ihacnina vA |/l VdOVU f X I'vUlll <ll> tllV 3UIUV time, express my sympathy with tlie hum blest member of tbis Society, were tin plnctd in nn unfortunate situation, nnd I will nl- ways, asan individual member of this So ciety, and as its President, opposo the in troduction of any subject by wiiich its character can. be compromised. Tlie Honor able gentleman sat down amidst great applause. The Chairman then read the question, " whether Great Britain lias hern benefited by the possession ot her Colonies," upon which Air. O'Neil opened for the ne gative. Tin's wns a question upon wliiili much political feeling existed, and many persons were more apt to bit led astray by the fervour of their opinions rather than by maturely considering the subject, aim at ar riving at the truth. The speaker then en tered into n min u to exposition of the cir cumstances in which Great Briinin wus placed in relation' to her colonies, pro) rd irom returns of imports and exports, that the balance of trade was unfavourable tuihe mother country, tlint tlie enormous sums of inoucy expended by Great Britain, not only to preserve her colonies from aggressions, hut nlso to improve their condition, were calculated to impoverish even the most wealthy countries ; that tlie duties levied ; upon coloninl productions, as instanced in the article of sugar, was unfair nnd impolitic, nnd in short, tlint the whole hearing of the iuusui)ii cieany proven mat tlie cunneciioii of Great Britain with the colonies wns extremely disadvantageous and undesirable. The Honorable Mr. Murray, on rising to reply, took the opportunity of expressing the satislneiion which he felt at witnessing tlie ; good effects, derivable and resulting from a Society like the one lie was addressing, as as certained in the person who had last spoken; the great attention, and information, wiiich Mr. O'Neil Imd brought forward, strongly proved that he must have both read nnd thought much upon tlie subject, nnd be therefore hoped that so good nn example ' would not be lost sight of by the members in general. The honorable gentleman then addressed himself to the examination of tlio arguments brought forward by tlie opener of the question, nnd concluded a brilliant and effective speecli by declaring his firm con viction that the connection between Great Britnin nnd her colonies was of great ad vantage to tlie former. Mr. Boguo followed for tlie negative, reiterating tlio arguments previously used in relation to the expenccs incurred by Great Britain in the preserva tion of her colonies, and expressing a con fident liopn tlint tlio time was not far distant when by adopting a different line of policy the colonies might become nn advantage to the mother country. Mr. Reeves briefly replied to the arguments of the Inst speaker, nnd was followed by Air. Smith, whtrob- served that it wns with some degree of reluctnnco that be roso to the Society on the question before them, for although confident of success, prudence forbade liiui remaining unsensible to tlio superior advantages de rived by those gentlemen who supported the nrtjrmsitive from tlie advocacy. of a popular prejudice, there were few poisons. but what entertained some feeling upon the subjecr, and many werc'too apt to consider that the prosperity nnd greatness .of Great Britain, was deniable nnd insuperable from tlint ol "her colonies. The speaker then reviewed n'nd nnswercd the objections brought forward by' Mr. Murray, nnd in continuation demon strated the ill' effects produced: by colonial policy, not only upon tbe mother country but also upon the colonics themselves; the' advantages derived by a w.ualthy country,: siicli as England, were either common or pe-: 'cn'liar, thus the former proceeded from any amount of revenue, which, afterpayment of all necessary expences found its way into the Exchequer of the mother country, whilst the latter consisted in any number of men which tho colonies could supply, in order to defend tlie pnrent territory ; the. arguments brought forward by Mr. O'Neil bad clearly proved that Great Britain wns not beiiefitcll liy either of these menus, and consequently any advantage must he derived by the ex ercise of peculiar policy, nnd thus Grent Britain bad by the adoption of exclusive trading, monopolized the whole trade of tlie colonies to herself. The speaker then en tered into a brief review of tlio commercial policy of Great Britain, and concluded by appealing to the audience for an unbiassed consideration of tlio question. Dr. Groeves then briefly addressed tlie Society, and Mr. O'Neil having replied, n divisun took plnco, when the question wns decided in the affir mative. " Pitr.VAiiiCATioN. — At the police office on Thursday lnst,n man named William Joice jifcvaricnted in such n shameful innnuer, whilst giving evidence in n enso of nssnult, tlmt tlie Bench very properly commuted him to jail for forty-eight hours ,,(Tiie Mounted Police. — By the recent regulations for the superintendence of the Mounted Police, Major St. John lins been iplnced in command of that body for the district of Port Phillip, nnd Mr. Eenwick for Geelong, it being determined by the government to plncc the command ,pf .the Mounted Police in the hands of the police Magistrates of the vnrious districts, instead of, as heretofore, vesting it. "in a military officer. ' The Market. — There is not the slightest .variation in tlie vegetable market since oiir . Inst quotation. Some -excellent fruit- was shown on Snturdny last, which maintained previous prices. THE TREADMILL.—This useful instrument, known to rogues, thieves and vagabonds, under the classical designation of "the stepper," is now so far completed as to give every promise to furnish its quota of amuse- ment and employment to the above class of Her Majesty's liege subjects, from and after the period of ten days from this present writing. A practical illustration of " life's dull round" will he thus afforded to men who have not a tithe of poesy in their com position, nud to climb " young ambition's ladder" will he proved to be a far less1 diffi cult task than to progress hy aid -of 'the '(stepper." "To spenk the speech" of Borneo, that he had " a soul of ;lcnd,: so staked him to the ground lie could not move" will have hut little weight, hut father will it he incumbent to endenvdu'r, like Ariel, " to ride upon the curling clouds," and "foot it fently here and there." Neither -will Bcnvolin's advice to his friend, to "turn giddy, and he hoi pud with backward anguish" avail, ns ill the first place,, tlie vngnhond so doing may chnuce to break his shins, and in the next, one " dressed in n little brief au thority'' limy feel disposed to shout " Oil, villain, on," all hough he never rend "the Inst words of Mnrmiou.'' But cense! the ghost of Sysiphus, emulating that of Ciesnr, takes up our theme, and exclaims in hollow tones, " meet me nt tlie will." So dropping our present mood, we graciously extend our notice to the host of Bacchanals, and conclude: " Do nn! pivc (la)linnro ; Too mucli tlio rein . he strongext oiiths ere s'rnw To the fire i the blood; be more abstemious." Rnccs! Oh did you cull them er o 'tempts — Bnccs! I veil then I dont, 1 calls 'cm out-iui- out fnilin's — Wnntcd — what tliey hnd last yenr — money — liueiiai.ity 1111(1 si'init — to keep gtllllC nlivc — Races — quite — 1'ritlc ami Poverty struck —good for wlint ! — vy to stop gaps in Turf Club- bites fob — Publicans found money ; — Best prize — "ly gentlemen riders — must go — gentlemen fob— fifty founds — Oil! mi, 1, vat a lub — mi serable squad — louk I look ! ! see them uru Ilun- tirs— only good coves in thu lot— got some spirit— some life — litem ere clmps— nil the rest —vat docs SantShck call 'em — oh ! only varmint —Ah; races are done now, lost all the Vun- demonmn spirit— vere's Wood, verc's Brown — all them there chaps from Tasmania's Isle —chaps vot spent their own money — yes vith spirit— races nre tee-totally d d to nil etarnity— 'ccpt some good free-hearted cltup — vot's got some blunt and spirit — like Hunter's — steps in to the rescue.— Joint Bull— don't like soldiers vith big swords keeping race courses Sir Geo. Gipps -tell these fellows— you'll stop their grog suppose tliey go racing— 'stead of doing bush duty.— All, only look vat clever-upright- telligent-peace-and-order-looing magistrates — ve have got— only look ut Dr. E E IIAW— see how fond of justice ho is — look how lie orders n free citizen— a man of character nnd substance — see how he gets him uhnined — eh — vat did he do vy he crycd out— Shame ! shame! ! SHAM E ! ! ! and the- Convict Colony mnde magistrate— ordered him to be chained — yes, and only look nt tlicin tother two — Convict Colony made magis- trates— look at 'cm how they lends the light of their shining countenances to chain freemen — only look at these tarnation overbearin sumption's they vnnt our good J udge to read 'em 'notlicr lesson on their duties— arn't they dreadfully ignorant — how conflustientcd they will look how these used-to-slave-driving-colony-mndc- magistratcs— how tliey vood— trample on us all only they fear the ooon Judge — ho makes 'cm tremble.— Bow's your flint— ofl— or— on— mind \- stupid fools — vot pays money to these pulled up vood-be-if-tliey-kncw-liow aristocrats — Wttnd you musn't— open your mouths— vitliout afk'a Dr. E p; BAW-aiut he veil varied iu Cniiifse vitliout askin' Dr E E HAW's leave— or c mius and slavery — mind you peace-loviii'- tl!fnrt>''V0MUriI,in--J'P,s- there 'is sich n _ , ? 113 J'rtmcnt for false 'prisonmcnt — yes, n,!'.llTr'a.llt 60 tn3y brought over — as 'sessors P E tlmt in your pipe— ny, nnd smoke .it. n ,l'I i"mi — you src thut — now isn't that , sett — carriage and pair, I sny rJ?, ''""t let Judge Willis— see You cuttin' ,'or he'll call you over the coals. Veil now isa t that ere a queer boat- like looking con- tilinn Unn vcryrfuniiy horses— funny pos- STlW '-'"rriugc — but lievens nml airth- nehermi I '"3l(lc— w'crry majestic like yes— vour cant meddle— miml so., mt 8 'ho turn "ut — some'nt sec-flint Nf.,M"i'' ,e— tuo ,n,,cl1 retl tho'— only "tarnation fin n"" afear'tl "''ocsn't she look a swell— enn v Kn"-h ycli — 1 sty you down east —now tb P"y— your returned bnnk cheque Phhliran cfT08 ""! ovur-di(l you dip into the pav tlmtl r",'1'"0'1 if y» did— arms— tl, nim) ''lazen to your cont-of- iny name arat " member of thc club— or [?] Bod Short. I to of hlm'C0"S Bre, ?"'erc Uase nit /, !"<. 88 1 amonest them' .if J6 jurf t-h'b circulated penalty of £20.— b! s daK races, under r- "''' 