DREAMIS OF TIIE DEAD. BT MtR. HItMANi. Oft in still night-dreallns a-departrd face Bends o'er me with sweet earnestness of eye,- . Wearing no nmore of earthly pains a trace, But all the tender pity that may lie On the clear brow of immortality, Cplm yet profound. , Soft ray Iluimne that mien, Thie unshndowed moonlight of slnie far off sky Around It finats trnnspnreutly serene As a pu;er veil of waters. 0 rich.sleept 'Tho'n hast strong spirits in thy regionns deep, -Which glorify with reconnelling breath, Effacing, brightelling, giviig forth to shine fTeanty's high truth, and how much more divine ThIy jiower when linked in tills, wih thy stern Ibrothe-Deallth I 'Tit following lcter,,lt!hnugh merely re latitig toeveryday. occurrences,, and of no gclieraI. interest, is so full of poetic feetling, and ihat susceptibility of heart which is t,,ore freqtiently displayed in tie IIomnince of Real Life than sceptics will allow,; thant we do not consider an apology for its;insertiotu neiessury., The letler is addressed to Mr. J.-Smith, teac her, Melbourne : MY DP.AR F.-I received your long nndfiiItruativ, letlter. I cannot describe "to you ina words how and what I felt when I' openlld it anid recognised the author's hand 'writing. As I proceeded to read, lthe tear stole' silently ore I was aware down-my :cheek.' Indeed I was so much confused, that if any person had askedl me to state the particulars I could- noi havesdone so correctly, until I hiad pored overit' time anier time, day after tlay, You will lthiikthisastrange -.strange it many ble, but not the less troe ; 'at every sentence sottni picture of the past presented itself before me and alsorbed my every thought-I saw as distinctly as if real, the Hermitage, the box,"h;led,l chairs, the press, the chips, the tinder anti steel, the match ignited, the ljie,kindled. the kettle boiled, your sea finished, the books and the slate &c.; brought down-the intelligent counte-. nances of the youthful group all anxious and enger--lheard "the' sound of your voice. readling Johnson, Watt, Milton, the Life of George IV., &c.;," knowledge 'I.,p;iowitr,"' " tind such sentent es wwhich you fie'quenily'utitered thrilled into my Sears-' hn the' debate, hot;, ut friendilly and instructive, then the solar system worlds, stars; comets-moving in their tespective:orbits at their several dis ltatnics from the -central suni drawn in chllIk lines on the wooden 'srface of the belluws..yes; though in chalk lines tnever to bie effaiced from the eye of the mintd ;' then sacred music- all, all this and much nmore, so pourid into my nlrnl,' that i could iiot for ittime eiijoy the' contents' Sol your letter as in reality :and the vast extent of ocean tihich tolls lietwixt us 'so impressed me; that I almost beieved the circumstancP of your' w' iting and of twe retdl?.g your uepitile to bea phan'tom 'of- my own minld-some lairy sde:im of youth .strugglih?ig to deceive amy senises. I ought now to go on to'notice some of the. pauticulars of your epistle. 'but I; .feel myself unnble+ to do them justice; If you knew the state of my feelings, while I write to you, Sou would excuse me.,although I were not to write ano-her, word 'ri th a 'sheet. My dear friend,' since I last suw you death has removed from me. a son and.a much. loved wife. ot yes,' my little, aind very interesting boy, John (the-younigest of- the family.) lineletn liinthsa old, died on the 11th December last. ' Wlho' canll describe, the feelings of a fond parent when cal led in: the psovidetve, of God to part ,with and Ily aldenr child in 'he lonesome graver l None but su!ch as have experienced suchl a trial.. If .it.were riot thutll have hope; 'frim'the Woid of God tliat he sleleps in Jesus, how could I endure thelhouglht of heing- septlrated Irom him ? Much as: I loved him I could not for one momenit wish him bactk--litck from lithe presence of his Fatlher'in.lleavn into the presence of his father on earthi! 0 no, he is: happier, far happieriin the:world above. stevere as was ihis tcial it was onlyl preparatory for the onie sthiih awaitere mne. My dear Miaryanul-the wife 'of 'iiy hoeom-the objict around whith the' youthful ffectionis of my heartni had eiltwintid, was seized with inflaosiinatinti on the 15th Decembier, in the .17th she was Ibett r and the dangerous symptoms dlisappeaured-then I fetiodly hoped that: ste was going to do well. On the 19th she relapsed, andi towards the evening of that day it became too evident thahi medicine had lost its effect-everything which could be thought of was tlone; we had the liest ritdtical skill of the place, anid a very prompt atenidance :; indeed Dr. 1V. scarcely uas two hours away from the first, und towards the close of her earthly ctareer he reainhiid. in tilhe house altogether; but all rrlnidies failed--inflamatlon progressud until ithle forennon of aEnhbath the 20th, itlhen .Inoruificatioi took place, arid slit' fell ttsleep calmly ltid without a strulggle at three o'clock that afteriiooni. Ilers has bien a shorter enirthily pilsrimage than yours or miieo -twrtty'.fuour years urid four montihs. Hers therefore will Ie a loeger eturiiiy to behold the Saviour's face andt to rest aitnd rejoice iu the Iruitioti of his Ive. She thought she was dyilng from the first of' the httac k, on the 17ti when I, the doctoris and 6thers, told her that she was Inow IIn ait hopelul sttte, alld that we expected BIhe \ws uld soou Le in healtlh, she said tno-I am better but it will ot hte liob g-I never expect to rise from this bed. hIdled I cat, tieO remember some of the conversationislhnhaI with her a month or so before her death, when she was in perfect health, about death and of being with Jesus in another world-scarcely a nieht passed without some talk on these subjects. But when in the prospect of immediate dissolution, how firmly and faithfully -hle spoke to those aroundi her, and prenchtd Christ Jesus and him crucified to all that came into the room ; so plainly and affiction ately did she plead with all within her hearing, that I frequently wept-joy on the one hand, and sorrow on the other, fairly.overcame me; she called me to come nearer her-" Weep not for me all is well-I have no desire to live for anoiher hour-l am going to my Saviour \- precious Saviour," &c.; When I held up the two remaining children. William and Maryanne, upon the bed about half an hour, before she departed, she looked upon them eagerly for a few minutes-requested me to lift her up a little, then clasping her hands she looked up to Heaven and implored God to bless them and preserve them from all evil, and bhaptise them with the Holy Ghost, and bring them into his kingdomn, shook hands with them and bid them farewell. All along she was perfectly sensible, but now she .was fast going-so weak that she could only speak a word now and then-the cold clammy sweat covered her body-still she w hispered words and broken sentences, which showed how the mind was engaged, and yielded in. describablo comfort and consolation to me and other relatives around the bed on which she lay. The words of the dying have an eloquence and a pathos compared with which all other oratory is dumbness itself. "Come, Lord Jesus, come." was the last whisper whit h I heard, and in about three minutes there. after, the soul winged its way from its prison house of "lay into the glorious presence of her Redeemer God. * . - tlow soon are our fondest hopes blighted -the partner of my sorrows and of my joys is gone, and I am left alone to mourn. But I mourn not for thee as for those who have no hope, for thou art happy in the presence of thy dear Sa viour. Can I forget the precious sen tences which you whi.pered into my ear the last time I pressed you to my bosoml No, never while memory holds her place, can I forget what you then told me, i I love the Saviour-My soul is washed in the blood of the Lamb O how precious is the salvation of the soul-I have obtained it through faith in my Redeemer-Weep not for me-I expect to meet you in leaven, never to be separated any more-be good to the children bring them up to Jesus-He will''beas your efforts-we all may yet meet with dear little John a happy family in he.ven. ' J. M. 