milium HIHI ' The way to win a Woman's hkakt «»Let your hair hang in superfluous ring Jets over your neel; aud shoulders ; nevei suffer a razor to touch your face ; squeezt yourself into a oat of mulberry cloth ; pu on a vest, striped with green, yellow ano red ; pantaloons, ehecked with blur, ' crimson, and purple ; shove your feet into a pair of boots with the heels at least three : inches high ; dandle a little black cane, ipped.with brass; a hugli brass ring on your little finger, and you will be the don j f the day, and win the ladies hearts. 7\. kino kiss bbforb we part. — a . r;/ IsdY having purchased an assort- :Z ?yv/ vf music ? warehouse, situate at > . .. esioni pa;'?, at the metropolis, on ./ A. i; .- vg tq- b'ev carriage, recollected a ' AhicU she '.had : -peg-feeted ..io-. buy. ca re-entering., the shop, i'/yet- which I had for-' which I must" noY? .request. you '' i ' ' -tV og-rnusic- Yelier. sVJt is,sir — u' t- -riss .before wfe-.part.V. ' The r '> ,y- ''vaulting instantaneously over saluted the styapger. ' - lord -bahd.ikgtsn's &min-; v jsTEAT!0$J - is /winauig golden opicfons, from all sorts ,;pf men, and deservedly so. . '"' %e are Utttie accustomed to aapr-,ihe authorities military or ndval, and shall dot be suspected of a deslre So to do, because we direct the attention, of our -readers to the just and liberal regulation; recently promulgated by ..the Admiralty; whj< permits midshipmen, when they have served their six years, to have a certificate for a lieutenancy, if. found competent by the captain, first lieutenant and master. Thus, when they can get three captains or commanders together, they may be ex amined, and the passing certificate of sea manship may be dated from the first certificate. A lieutenant made last year, after having passed eleven years before, lost twenty months' time in consequence of being In a frigate on service in Australia. The ship was wrecked, but ultimately got afloat and fitted. It was not, however, until he arrived in India that three captains could be got together to examine and pass him; so that for his lieutenant's commis sion he served six years proper time, twenty months overtime, and eleven years mates' time. Surely a regulation calcu lated to alleviate so great an hardship "gnnot but be gratefully received by the junior branches of tW .service, irho might have waited long enough ere Lord Minto would have done any thing to relieve them. — United Service Gazette. Primitive Commerce. — The Athe nians were merchants and manufacturers, they imported grain from Egypt, Sicily, -and the Tauric Chersonesus, wood for ship-building from the coast of the Euxine, salt fish from Macedonia and Thrace, and "wools from Phrygia. Their raw exports were oil, the national staple of the country, I bd the silver from their mines, while ) their skill in the arts enabled them to supply a variety of manufactured articles which found a sure market. The early stages of commerce resemble, in many particulars, the mercantile regulations of the present day, the bill of exchange aud a regular system of marine insurance being the principal modern additions. Factors _ . were established in foreign countries by the/Greek merchant, and regular tnercar- \- tile correspondence were opened ill those countries with which traffic was carried on. Contracts for affreightment were strictly enforced, and rules existed fixing the obligations of the owners of a cargo to contribute towards the reparation of sacrifices made lor the common safety. The principles on which trade was carried on with foreign countries were tolerably liberal, exportation was restricted in the case of limited production, and taxes, were levied on foreign prodace which was . deemed superfluous. Banking seems to have been conducted in ancient Athens much on the same principle as in our own times. The bankers took the deposits of the merchants, and while they carried on the business of money-changers, made profits by advancing to third parties the . monies deposited with them. — Journal of Commerce. Consumption. — A French physician it is said, has discovered a positive cure for that, dreadful disease, so fatal to British youth, (females especially,) Consumption, it is made public, and is, strange to say, the administration of the most deadly poison, prussic acid. The patient com- comences with a quarter of a drop of the acid, mixed in a dessert spoonful of syrup of marshmallows, taken thrice a day. This desperate remedy should of course only be had recourse to under the imme diate care of an able medical attendant. Ren contbe between two. M embers of th e \- Legislature of Tennessee. — A recontre, with pistols, transpired this afternoon, in front of the capitol, immediately after the adjourn ment of the two Houses of the General Assembly, between Mr. Haskell of Madison, and Mr. Rowle9 of Bradley, members of the House of Representatives. Although two pistols were used by both parlies, (the second pistol of Mr. Haskell failing fire,) no injury was inflicted on either combatant, save a slight flesh wound in the hand of Mr. H. But we regret to learn that Mr; Leke, a young man in the store of Burton and Bradley, was slightly wounded in the knee by a. ball from one of the pistols fired hy Mr. Rowles. The immediate cause of this affair was a fracas in the House between the same parties this morning, growing Out of a reference, in debate, by Haskell to the exciting scenes of Saturday, in which he took occasion to say- he would not . submit to a repetition of certain language then employed on the Democratic side of the House. After he closed his remarks, he walked up to one of the fire-place9, where Mr. ' Bowles met with the enquiry,, whether his re mark was intended for him. To this question, Mr. H. replied affirmatively. Mr. Rowles rejoined that he held himself at all times responsible for what he said on the floor. Mr. Haskell then told him if he would say as much out of the House, he would chastise him ; and thereupon Mr. Rowles passed a blow at Mr. H., which the latter was prevented, by the by standers, from returning. An apology was made by both members to the House, but with an intimation from Mr. Haskell that he was not yet done with the member from Bradley. The sequel was, the offensize meeting, on the Public Square, which we have jnst described «wNashviile Whig Extra, Jan. 19. A Appropriate Punish ii kn r for \ lisox . — One of the attendants, .'a queer- tooking fellow on stumps, attracted our iotice. The gentleman who has the medical barge" of the prison informed u?, that laving committed arson, this man secreted himself in the woods; and, when taken, was so frost-bitten, that both legs were obliged to be amputated. — Maxwell's Run through the United States. New Musket for the Servicb.— - The musket that Colonel Hawker has sug gested to the Ordnance (subjected to a seyere trial, which will continue through the winter months) is the most simple and most water-proof that has been yet in use. He has availed himself of that . clever in vention called the patent spring musket (without a lock) of Wilkinson, and shortened the communication, by doing ay/ay with the chimney, and catting deeper ' the" concave nnder the stock ; so that the | stud of the .nipple now screws directly "into the nnder-pari of the barrel; and by (taking' -Wesiley "Richard's hermetically ' sealed primer,- he gets rid also ,ot ihe dis- j tance. which is taken up" in firing down the j orifice of a copper, cap- aipple. The great advantages of these combinations are, that th£ 48onarino flame fires directly into the body o. the. charge, so that the soldier may use ("and even without biting off ioe end of his cartridge) the coarsest cannon \- powder, which kAands ali Weathers, and which, Colonel H. .has proved, shoots .much stronger an.\kecips -13 strength much longer than Sue pov-der ; ' and he gels rid altogether of the copper--. caps, which like the. line powder required »W them, he never, he. says, could depend on, in sea-coast shooting, and ail other continual damp; although they-r.ahswer extremely well for the ' flood and field" sportsman, and may even weather an oc casional wet day. The Colonel has added to the stock of the musket, now on trial, a little knob of wood, merely put on with one screw, and similar to a pistol grip, which gives steadiness in firing, and a firm hold for the soldier if an enemy were attempting to disarm him. Should this musket be adopted, the motiou of «' sup port arms," would require to be super seded by that of " slope arms," there being no cock or hammer to it. But this would be an advantage rather than an ob jection, as one motion less would be called for, thus saving the jackets of the men from being soiled by damp hands or whitened pipe clayed gloves. Westley Richards has also a new patent musket coming out, which he anticipates will beat all others. — United Service Gazette. Dr. Johnson's Humanity To a Hare. —Dr. Johnson, in his tour through North Wales, passed two days at the seat of Colonel MiddletoD, of Gwynagag. While he remained there, the gardener caught a hare amidst some potatoe plants, and brought it to his master, then engaged in conversation with the doctor. An order was given to carry it to the cook. As soon as Johnson heard this sentence, be begged to have the animal placed in his arms, which was no sooner doDe, than, approaching the window, then half open, he restored the hare to her liberty, shouting after her to accelerate her speed. What have you done ?v cried the Colonel, i( why, doctor, you have robbed my table of a delicacy, perhaps deprived us of a dinner." " So much the better, sir," re plied thehumane champion of a condemned hare ; " for if your table is to be supplied at the expense of the laws of hospitality, I envy not the appetite of him who eats it. This, sir, is not a hare ferce naturae , but one which has placed herself under your protection ; and savage must be that man who does not make his hearth an asylum for the confiding stranger." Progress of Manufactures in Europe. — On Saturday evening, at the opening of M. Blanquiss course of lecturps on Poli tical Economy at the Conservative des Arts et Metiers, the professor made some re marks to his hearers, arising out of his visit to Constantinople. Combating some opinions which have gained ground in public, he said ; — " You are told that the Germon nation in its state of happiness has beeome apathetic, leaving to France and England to attain to the utmost limits of progress in the arts ; that Turkey is a dead country, and that Russia resembles a camp filled with soldiers, ready to invade the south of Europe. There is no truth in all this. Germany is daily making im mense efforts in productiveness; Austria is being covered with roads and railways, and her steamers are in every river and in the whole of the Black Sea. In Russia I found exactly the contrary to what I ex pected to find, viz., immense manufactures scattered on all points, and producing abundantly and well. In the heart of Turkey I found an old Pacha, an ancient chief of Janissaries, who had hung up his terrible yatagan against the wall, in order to deyote himself to an immense commerce, and the encouragement of the arts. Every where I found a powerful impulse given to manufactures and trade; and France must be active, in older to maintain the rank which she holds.'' — Galignani's Messenger. CAST-IRON CHURCHES. — Cast-iron churches are beginning to be erected in various parts of England, on account of their cheapness and durability. It was not very wonderful that the Tower of London should have taken fire, it was so full of fire-locks. Colonel Greene, of the Boston Post is a very apt scholar, as every body knows ; can he tell us where the fire goes to when it goes out ? — Y ermont Spirit of the Age. It goes to Lucifer Matches, we reckon, because we can always find it on the end of one. A London paper mentions that a chap recently greased the strings of bass viol at one of the theatres— the consequence was that the musician's performance was con fined to pantomime. Cyrus says that a similar circumstancs occurred not a hun dred miles from these diggios, some years since. Yankees can't be beat. Long Tails and Short Ones. — A lady passing through Hampshire, observed the following notice on a board — " Horses taken in to grass ; long tails, three shil lings and sixpence — short tails, two ^hil lings.'' She asked the owner of the land the meaning of the difference of price. He answered, " You see, ma'am, the long tails can brush away the fiies, but the short ones are so tormented by thein that they can hardly eat at all/' Importation of Sovereigns.— The importation ol sovereigns front the continent confines upon a large scale, and nothing but a deficiency in the weight of a proportion can prevent the accumulation of a quantity perhaps inconveniently great in the coffers of the Bank of England. Of heavy coin coming in, however, the supply is by no means inconsiderable. A new feature in this branch of business has to be noticed, as it appears to be quite a novel one of late. The importing houses have, for the first time, received gold in bars for sale, on account of their correspondents. — Morning Post. ; A Gramatical Discovery. — In one of the principle schools in Ediugburgh, a few weeks, as the master was examining his pupils on the plural of nouns, after having passed, dice, teeth, geese, and many others, lie asked one whom he had not previously questioned, what was the plural of penny. The boy, with great coolness, and ap parently certain of being correct, replied, " Two-pence !'' The iaughter that suc ceeded may well be imagined. A Receipt to stop Begging. — a person at Barnsley, Yorkshire, having been annoyed by swarms of beggars coniing to his house, and his refusing to give ihent anything not at all preventing their attending as usual, he at las sent for a painter. and ordered him to. write upon the door the words i( Police-office. ' The beggars, after this, wreseen.io come as usual, but on their-- viewing the writing on the xdoor, they made a speedy and laughable exit. //The .experiment had? the desired effect. Aihjucdote of 8 k erie a. n. —S li eri dun was very dbfrirous that his sen Torn shoiild marry a young WureKry of large fortune, but knew, that Mis$..£a!lanffer&v; son's' heart. Ohe day he requested Toih to walk with him, and soon entered on the subject of his marriage, and pointed out to him in glowing colour the advantages, of so brilliant an alliance. " Torn listened with the utmost patience, and theb-xies?- canted on the perfections of the woman who proved the pride and solace of his declining years. Sheridan grew warm, and expatiating on the folly of his son, at length exclaimed, "Tom, if you marry Caroline Callander I'll cut you off with a shilling !'' Tom could not resist the op portunity of replying, and looking archly at his father, said, "Then, sir, you must borrow it." Sheridan was tickled at the wit, and dropped the siibjecL Dean Swift and the Lawyers.— Dean Swift having preached an assize sermon in Ireland, was invited to dine with the Judges; and having in his sermon considered the use and abuse of the law, he then pressed a little hard upon those counsellors who plead causes, which they knew in their consciences to be wrong. When dinner was over, and the glass began to go round, a young barrister re torted upon the dean ; and after several altercations, the counsellor asked bim, " If the devil were to die, whether a parson might not be fouud who, for money, would preach his funeral sermon?" "Yes," said Swift, " I would gladly be the man, and I would then give the devil his due, as I have this day done his children.'" The Philosophy of Lile.— The true phylosopby of life is to live with a thankful and cheerful spirit — to cherish kindness aud good humour, and to avoid all gross- ness, which degrades and benumbs the better faculties. In order to all this, one must be comfortable, and possess around one something like elegance ; but one may have every comfort and elegance without being very expensive, even in England. This, however, is not generally considered. Instead of trying to be thankful and cheer ful, and to- make use of such means of happiness as lie within the compass of moderate expense, it appears to be taken for granted that to be expensive is the only way to enjoy life, and hence follows a train of toils and anxieties, and wearisome osten tations, which do not produce happiness, but, at the best, only the gratification of a Irivilous vanity, or of a stern and gloomy pride. Cheerfulness, cordiality, mutual assistance, and easy good humoured inter course, are in this manner lost, and we present to the world the spectacle of the most expensive .and the least enjoying people in the whole world. — Table Talk of the Morning Post. Noisy Pigs. — -Foote being upon a visit at Lord Townshend's, at Raynham, hap pened one morning to look into the pig-sty, and saw a silver spoon among the pigs' victuals. One of the housemaids coming by, and perceiving Mr. Foote, cried out, " Plague on the pigs, what a noise they make !' " Well they may/' said Foote, " for they have but one silver spoon betiveen them." A Piece of Sea Painting off the Cape of Good Hope. — The sea-birds held their holy-day in the stormy gale. The lordly and stately albatross, whose motion is a very melody, swept screaming by upon the blast. The smaller Cape pigeons followed us fast, passing and repassing across the vessel's track. At last one of them spies a fragment on the waters, which has been thrown overboard ; a moment it hovers" above, then plunges down. But the other birds have seen it too ; and all pouncing on the spot, move their wings con- fusedly, and seem to run along the waters with a rapid and eager motion. Now is there dis cord -wild amongst them. A screaming- and diving, swimming and running, mingled with a chattering noise. No sooner one gains the morsel than another tears it from him. Who will be victor here ? The albatross ; . for he sweeps triumphantly over all, swoopB down, and with a scream scares off the the timid little multitude ; whilst high above his head he holds his arching wings, and now in pride and beauty he sits upon the waters, and, drifting fast astern, gradually fades in the twilight. What wonder that a sailor is superstitious ! separated in early youth from his home, ere he has forgotteu the ghost stories of childhood, and while the young and simple heart still lores to dwell upon the marvellous, he is placed in such scenes as these ; in the night, amidst the din of waves and storms, he hears wild shrieks upon the air, and by him float huge forms, dim and mys terious, from which fancy is proue to build strange phantoms; and oft from aged sailors he fathers legends and wondrous tales suited to his calling, -whilst his narrator's mysterious tone and earnest voice and manner attest how firmly he himself believes the story, — Captain Grey's Journal. . . .-\ Ktus near Boston.—' Tlie entire (Irivv, with the exception of ihe three hills on which Boston stands, reminded me of a country, like Holland, snatched from the sea. Still it is very beautiful, with every thing, breathing, bustle, and activity in this restless, ambitious, fine, flourishing, ' go- 1 a-head' country. ; for as I sat in the car riage during the time we were crossing the port, two fine steamers were starting, the one for Portland, the other for Nahant ; and a long train was at the same instant 1 setting off on the eastern railroad. — Max well's Run through the U. S. | American Coal. — I have often heard it asserted by Englishmen, that America has no coal. There never was a greater mistake; she has an abundance, and of the very finest that ever was seen. At Wheeling . and Pittsburgh, and all the borders of the Ohio river above Guyandottee, they have an inexhaustible supply, equal to the very best offered in the' London market. All the spurs of the Alleghany range appear to be one mass of coal. In the Eastern States the coal is of an indifferent quality, although there is some very tolerable. The anthracite is bad, throwing out a strong sulphureous gas. The fact is, that wood is at present cheaper than coal, th/refore the latter is not in demand. An American told me one day, that a company had been working a coal mine in an. Eastern State, which proved to be of very bad quality;, they had sent some to an influential person as a present, requesting him to give his opinion of it, as t hat would be of importance to them. After tx certain lime he for warded to them a certificate couched in such terms as. these I do hereby cer tify that I have , tried the. coal sent me by the company - at — — — and it is my dgp cided opinion, thai when the geneva! con- nl the world shah take place, any man ivho will iW.-ja position on that, coal | mine, will' "certainly he iA\? jssi man who ! will be burnt." — Marrjat, / j Blessings or Providence.— Ar a city/ tHe/iSbui' piii.ri.y- was expatiating ! on . the . blessings of Providence . " Ay," j said" tiro JateSir _ William Curtis, smacking j his lips, is a blessed place3 sure: enough ; we get aii pin- turtle from it/ ;;! Schools in Cincinnati— >ve are in-" j debted to Elam P. Langdon, Esq.., for. a I copy of the 12th Annual Report of the : board of trustees and visiters of the Com mon Schools at Cincinnati to the city council. The board express the highest gratification at the continned prosperity of the public schools. The teachers have been in the highest degree satisfactory to the board. The schools are divided into four several grades, the first of which is under the superintendence of the teachers, the others each under one of the assistants. The revenue for the schools is derived mostly from a tax on property, being one mill on the dollar for building purposes, and pne mill for tuition. The state has also a tax of two mills on the dollar. The amount of money received last year, was 29,746,17 for tuitiou, 15,264,54 cts. for building purposes. The average cost of each pupil is 5.25 dollars. The city is divided into fourteen districts, three Ger man English schools, three night schools, orphan asylum, and a school for colored people. The number of male teachers is 20, female 49. There have been enrolled' in the schools this year 6,081. Number removed and withdrawn 2,347, number remaiuing 3,534, average number in daily attendance has been 2,760. — Wheeling Times. Origin of Grog. — The British sailors had always been accustomed to drink their allowance of brandy or rum clear, till Admiral Vernon ordered those under his command to mix it with water. This innovation ave great offence to the sailors, and, for a time, rendered the commander very unpopular among them. The admiral at that lime wore a grog-rain coat, for which reason they nick-named bitn " Old Grog''— hence, by degrees, the mixed liquor he constrained them to, universally obtained among them the name of grog. Heavy Verdict. — In the United States Circuit Court at Philadelphia recently, the jury, in the case of the United States v. James A.. Reeside, for the sum of one hundred and eighty-eight thousand, four hundred and ninety-six dollars, and six cents — 188,496d. 06c. . Caution". — Smokers should never carry lucifer matches in their vest pockets. A young fellow recently on a courting ex pedition, clasped his dearest so significantly at parting, that he ignited the matches in his pocket by the pressure, burned off one of his whiskers, and singed the lady's eyebrow. 