BARNABY RUDGE. \--o CIAP'TRn XXXIV. Before old John had looked at the boiler quite twenty minutes, he got his ideas into a focus, and brought them to bear upon Solomon Daisy's story. The more he thought of it, the more impressed he became with a sense of his own wisdom, and a desire that Mr. Haredale should be impressed with it likewise. At length, to the end that he might sustain a principal and important character in the affair; and might have the start of Solomon and his two friends, through whose means he knew the adventure, with a variety of exaggerations, would be known to at least a score of people, and most likely to Mr. Haredale himself, by breakfast-time toinmorrow; he determined to repair to'the Warren beforeigoing to bed. .' He's my landlord," thought John, as he took a candle ih his hand, and setting it down in a corner out of the wind's way, ope .a casement in the rear of the house, looking toas the stables. " We haven't met of late years so often as'we iused to do i-changes.'are taking place in: the family-it's desirable that -I should stand as well with them, in point of dignity, ais possible-the whispering about of this;hekre tale will anger him-it's good to have confidences. wlth gentlemen of his natur', and `set' one'saself right besides. Halloa there I Hughi Hugh. Hal-loa I" , Whei he had repeated this shout a dozen times, and startled every dpigeon from its slumbers, a door in one of the ruinous" old buildings opened, and a rough voice demanded what was amiss now, that a man couldn't even have his sleep in quiet. !,What I Haven't you sleep enough, growler, that you're not to.be knocked up' for once? said John . No,"' replied thevoice, as the speaker yawned and shook himnself. "Not half enough." " I don't know how you can sleep, with the wind a bellowsing and roaring about you, making the tiles fly like a'pack of cards," said' John i" but no matter for that. Wiapybturselfup in someth'ig'or'another, and come here, for you7 must, go as far as the Warren with me. Ald look sharp aboutir it." . Hugtih'ith much low growling and muttering, went` back into his lair; and presently re-appeared, carrying a lantern aa.d a.cudgelD;and enveloped from head to foot in an :ld, frowsy; slouching horse cloth.. Mr.: Witlletreceiveld this figure at the back door, and ushered him into the bar, while he wrapped himself in sundry greatcoats and capes, and so tied and knotted his face in shawls and handkerchiefs, that how he breathed was a mystery. ' "You don't take a min out of doors at noar mid night in suchi weather, without putting some heart into him?;do you, master ?" said Hugh. '" :Yes I do, sir," returned Mr. Willet. "I' put the heart (as 'you'call it) into him when he has broughi me safe home again, and 'his. standing BteaOyf? .-"cgs- su- ur au-tuciricoUsequtnucU--- hold that light up, if you please, and go onl a step' or two before, to show the way." : r Hugh obeyed with a very indifferent grace, and a longing.,glance at ethe bottles. ' Old John' laying : strict injunctions. on 'i? cook to keep the idoors locked in his absence, andr to open to nobody but to himself on pain, of dismissal, followed him' into .'. the blustering darkness out of doors. : The ivay was wet and dismal, and the nightiio black, that if Mr. Willet had been his own pilot,? he woutld have walked into a deep horsepond within a few hundred yards of his own house, ahd' would .. .certainly have terminated his career in that. ignoble sphere of action. ? But `Hugh;r who had a night as keen as any hawk'a and, apart from that endow-re i, ment, could have found" his "way blindfold toany a rny place within a dozen miles, dragged old John along quite deaf to his remonstrances, and took his owni ;..'° 'course without the slightest reference to, or notice orf, .: his master. So they made head against the wind as they:"best' could; Hugh crushing the wet"grass beneath his' heavy tread, and stalking on afrte: ordinary savage fashion ; John Willet following at ' arm's length, picking his steps, and looking about: him, now for bogs and ditches, and now for such?r;: stray ghosts as might be wandering, abroad, with l', looks of as much dismay and uneasiness as his? immoveable face was capable of expressing. At length 'they stood upon the broad gravel.walk before the Warren-house. The building was'pro. foundly dark, and none were moving near it except themselves. lFrom' one solitary turret.chamber,, however, there shone a ray of' light; and towards this'speckk of coinfoit in the cold, cheerless, silent scene,; Mr. Willet bade his spilot lead him. " The old room," said John, looking timidlyL 'upward; ' Mr.'Reuben's own apartment, God be. with us II wonder his brother likes to sit there, so i late at night-onlthis night too." ii Why ;where else should he sit 1" asked Hugh,,;-° holding the lantern to his breast, to keep the cailo?.-' "from thie wind, while he trimmed it with his fingersd l "It's snug enough, an't it 1" " nug l" said John indlignantly. ..Yon havei-:: colmfortable idea of. snugness, you have;? sir.,o ?Io youi know what wa sdone in that room? ?yo " Whyg what ois it etleworse'f ti " cried Hugh looking into John's fat face. '. Does it keep p utithis rain, and snow, and wind, the less for tihat ? iis ita. less warm or dry because a man "was killed ' thiierest Never believe it, master. One :mahn is no suic ': matter as. that comes to.'" '- :: I Mlr.r Willet fixed his dull eyes on' his followrier.,; and began-by a species of inspiration, to think it:" just barely possible that lie was something of a dangerous character, and that it might be advisable to get rid of him one of these days. He was too prudent to say anything, with the journey home before him; and therefore turned to thie iron gate before which this brief dialogue had passed, and ' pulled the handle of the bell that hung beside it. The turret in which thie light appeared being at one corner of the building and only divided from the path by one of thre garden.walks, upon which this gate opened, Mr. tiaredale thirewv up the window directly, and demanded who was there. " Begging pardon, sir," said John, "I knew you sat up late, and made bold to come round, having a" word to say to you." " Willet-is it not 1" " Of the Maypole-at your service air." Mr. .fIedale closed the window, and withdrew. lie presently appeared at a door in the bottom of the turret, and coming across the garden-walk, un locked the gate and let them in. ".You are a late visitor, Willet, What is the matter?" Nothing to speak of, sir," said John'i "an idler tale, I thought you ought to know of; nothing more." "Let your man go forward with the lantern, and ,give me your hand. The stairs are: crooked and narrow. Gently with'your light, friend. ' You swing iti;ke a cese r. SHgla, who had already reached the turret, held it moresieadily, and ascended first, turning round from titme to time to shed his light downward on the steps. ".Mr. lHaredale' following nest,, eyed his lowering face with no great favour; and-. Hugh, lookitng down.on him, returned his glances' with interest, nas they climbed the winding stair. It terminated in a little auti-room adjoining that from r-which they hadee'n the light. Mr. Haredalo -eatered first' aind led the way through it into the .latter chamber, where he seated himself at a writing table from which hie had risen when they rang the bell. " Come in," lie said, beckoning to old John, who remained bowing at the door. " Not you, friend," he added hastily to Hugh, who entered also. " Willet, why do you bring that fellow here?" " Why,:sir," returned John;elevating his eye browasand lowering his voice to the tone iri which the. question had been asked him, "he's a good guard, you see." f Don't be too sure of that," said Mr. Haredale, :looking towards him as he spoke; " I doubt it. He Shas an evil eye.r S: "?There's.no imagination in his eye," returned Mr.,Willet, glancing over his shoulder at the organ in question,-" certainly." ".'There is riogo there, be assured," said Mr. Haredale. ":Wait'in that little room, friend, and close the door between.us"." Hugh shrugged his shoulders, and, with a disdain ful look, which showed either that he had overheard or that he guessed the purport of their whispering, .did ais he was told. Wher he was shut out Mr. S.Haredale turned to John, and bade him go on with what he had. to say, but not to speak too loud, for t?here were quick ears yonder. Thits cantioned, 'Mr. Willet, in an oily whisper, recited all that he had heard ahd said that night; laying particular stress upon his own sagacity, upon his great regard.for the family, ap/d upon his solicitude -for their peace of mind and happiness. The story i:?:nom halistuditor much more tlanahe had expected. • 'Mr,1I.Iaredalt often changed, hlis attitide, rose and hed'ilie room, returned again, desired, him to S.'i?epet, aa:nearly as he could, the very words that Solomon had used, and gave so many other signs of being disturbed and. ill at ease, that even Mr. SWillet was surprised. t* You did'quite right," he said, at the end of a. lotig?.converaetion, "to bid them keep this story secret. It is a foolish fancy on the part of this weak-brained man, bred in his fears and superstition. But Miss Haredale, though she would know it to be so, would be disturbed by it if it reached her ears; it is too nearly connected with a subject very painful to us all to be heard with' indifference.' You were most prudent, and have laid me under a great. obligation:; I thank you very much.'.' This was equal to John's most sanguine expects. tions';iut hi e wotild lihave preferred Mr. Haredale's looking at' hm while he spoke, as if he.really did thank him, to his walking up and down, speaking by fits and starts, often stoppingwitht his eyes fixed on the ground moving hurriedly on again, like one distracted, and seeming almost unconscious of what he said or did..- .- i Sembarrassing to John that he sat quite passive for a long time, not knowing what to do. At length lie rose,. Mr. Haredale stared ait him for'a moment, as though he had quite forgotten, his being 'present, -then shook hands with him, and opened the door. H ugh', who was, or seemed to be, fast asleep on the anti;chamber floor, sprang -up on their entrance, and throwing his cloak about him, grasped his stick and lantern, and prepared to descend the stairs. "Stay," said Mr. Haredale; "will this man drink " "Drinkt he'd drink the Thames up, if it was strong enough, sir," replied John Willet. " He'll have something when he gets home. lie's better without it now, s?i." "' Nay. ' Half the distance is done," said HIugh. " What a hard master you are! ,I shall go: home the better for one glassful, half-way. Come j' As John-.made no reply, Mr. Haredale brought o?ut a glass of liquor, and gave it to Hugh, who, as he oukit in his hand, threw part of it upon the S What' do you mean by splashing your drink about a gentleman's house, sir?" said John. ?" I'm drinking a toast," Hugh rejoined, holding the glass above his head, and fixing his eyes on Mr,. Haredale'a face; ? a toanst to' this' house and its master." With that he mutiered something to himself, and 'drank the rest, and, setting down the glass, preceded them without another word. Johni was a good deal scandalised by this ob servance, butcseeing that Mr. Haredale took little Sheed of what Hugh said or did, and 'that his thoughts were othelir'wise employed, he offered no apology, and went in silence downthle stairs, across the walk, and throughl the garden gaie. They stopped upon the outer side, for Hugh to hold the light while Mr. IHaredale locked it on the inner; and then John saw with wonder .(as he often afterwards related), that he was very pale, and that his face had changed so muchl and grown so:hoggard since their entrance, "ihat he almost seemed another man.. They were in the open road again, and John Willet was walking on behind his escort, thinking very steadily- of what hle had just now' seen, wlien Hugh drew him suddenly aside, and almost at the samlne lastaint tiree horsemen swept past-the nearest brushied hlis shoulder even then-who, checking 'their steeds as suddenly as they could, stood still, -and waited for their coming up, l '.I'o b c(Tobeontunued .) 