T11 E CHRONICLE. TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1842. CORPORATION BILL.-THE SYDNEY "GRAND JUNCTION" PLUTOCRACY. SFirst let me talk with this philosopher.' Shakapeare. We have been taken to task in the columns of Saturday's Australian by the ghost of a Greek philosopber, who having, we presume, undergone sundry transmigrations since the time of Alexander the Great, seems to have forgotten, amid so many barbarous cognomens, the orthography of his ancient name. The immortal gods having decreed the "destruction" of the Australasian Chronicle, have deputed no less a personage than "CaL.[s.]IsTsNes," the disciple and relative of Aristotle, to announce their decree amid the thunders of Olympus. Flat tering as it is to receive even bad news by so dignified a messenger, we confess our impiety to be such that we should have sent back the philosopher without an answer but for some little noise that the appearance of so great an ancient has created among the citizens; contrary to our opinion, they think that Callisthenes ought to be answered, and we submit. The crime which has provoked the gods to issue a decree for our " destruction" is our having penned the following lines, which appeared in one of our late numbers, in which we endeavoured to shew the absurdity of "a high property qualification" for office in Sydney. " On the other band, we know that among the ' men of property' in the town there are a great pro portion of worthy individuals who, if they should happen to have this article read to them, will be quite at a loss to conceive what Lord Brougham means by an acquaintance with Newton and Laplace as a test of respectability, while there are not a few others of a still more questionable eligibility, who, under a high property qualification, would, in the opinion- of many persons, rule the corporation for years. As a proof of this, we may mention the case of an individual who, though be is certainly innocent of any acquaintance with the ' Principia,' or the ' Systeme du Monde,' and whose scientific acquirements are said to be limited to an acquant ance with the triangle, is yet a man of great property." After quoting this passage, and putting forth certain trite maxims on " truth and charity" (which would no doubt have been original enough in the time of Callisthenes), the disciple of Aristotle pro ceeds to give us a history of the "eviL doings of a defunct Sydney journal, uith a view to restrain, to warn, and, f1' possible, to reform one which is still in existence." We are furnished with a glowing ac count of the late' Monitor's championship of the emancipists, and not of them only, "Lut of the entire prison population, wherever located, and how ever circumstanced." After this follows a descrip tion of Mr. Monitor's quarrel with his clients, an event which, according to our philosopher, "para lysed his pen, and like a phantom lured him to his doom." Having deposited the unfortunate Monitor in his tomb, Callisthenes proceeds to deal with us after the following fashion r " It would be well, sir, for the conductor of the journal which yet lingers in existence, the ' Aus tralasian Chronicle,' were he to take warning by the fate of his contemporary. Let him remember that he who being often reproved, hardeneth his neck, shall suddenly be destroyed, and that without remedy.'" In 1839, in the same Australian, and (judging from the identity of the language) from the pen of the same writer, appeared a similar warning in the following words: ' It does appear to us ' passing strange,' that, with the examples of the fate of religious newspapers whsch this colony places before their eyes, the Roman Catholic body should have thought it ad visable to have one of their own. Has the Church and State' journal-the newspaper embellished with 'the Bible and Crown'-excited their envy, or given them encouragement to embark 1 Has the honour and success which the reverend projector of the Colonist has attained, ALLUtED I'HEM, LIKE A PHANTO.1, TO THEIR DOOM1" Now it so happens that we have at this time more than thrice the number of subscribers that we had when the prophecy of. 1839 was penned; and although many of .thempay us in a shamefully irregular manner, and we suffer in consequence, we look upon the ", doom" and " destruction" of the Chronicle, which was a.probability in 1839, to be now an impossibility. Even if we were to cast it wilfully into the fire, we are quite certain that a Phanix would befound in its ashes.' But says Callis thenes: *, At the commencement of its career the ' Aus tralasian Chronicle' laid great claim to support, as their advocate, that portion of the population which the priesthood, of whom it desires to be considered the organ, had represented to be the victims of injustice and inhumanity. The civil and political uights of the emancipists, their moral and social worth, were favourite themes of its discourse." :It isquite true that we did give a warm and dis interested support to what we believed, and still believe, to be the just claim of the emancipials as a body, at a time when the political rights which they sought to esercise were about to be for ever taken from them; and it is next to certain tlat but for our determined opposition to the schemes of their enemies, every emanclpsast in the colony would be at this time disfranchlilsed. It is to us mainly that they are indebted for their safety from the clauses In the Municipal 13111 of 1840-for the rejection and recommittal of thu Oensus Act (the petition to the Judges against.which was concocted in this ofice) -for putting to silence every one who dared to menace them during these contests-for the memo. rable declaration of Mr. James Macarthur in the School of Arts in 1841, that the contest was for ever at an end-and for having within the last two months brought the leaders of both parties-the Macarthurs and the Campbells, the Blands and the Weotworthas-to shake hands across the table of Mr. Sam. Lyons I an occurrence which two years before no man living would have believed possible. The man who could (with but slight co-operation) effect all this has not lived altogether in vain. But let it be understood that our advocacy was entirely based upon public grounds. Of the emancipists indi. vidually we at that time knew almost nothing. We never solicited or accepted favour at their hands. Our personal intercourse with them is even now extremely limited. The few with whom we occa. sionally converse are, we believe, grateful for our services; if there are any who, knowing the extent of these services, can be otherwise than grateful, from our heart and soul we pity them, but we regret not what we have done in their behalf. But to return to the philosopher "' For some time nothing appears to have occurred inconsistent w th such views being maintained, in quiet consistency with the additional title of *Working Man's Advocate,' which the ' Chronicle' had assumed. No sooner, however, does party animosity, private influence, or personal mrlice, arising out of the arrogant p'etensions to thin exeiu sive protectorate, throw a stumbling block in his way, than the conductor of this said party organ had the audacity to assail a class of tmr fellow towns. men, whose industry and whose enterprise have supplied no inconsiderable share of our colonial capital, have most materially augmented thesources of our staple exports, have extended our commerce, cleared our forests, fertilised plains, and adorned our metropolis with its most substantial and orna mental buildings " When pray, Mr. Callisthenes, had we "the audacity to assail a class of our fellow townsmen"? When and where? Never I we say emphatically ; and we dare Callisthenes to the proof. In advo eating the rights of the two classes above mentioned, it never occurred to us that we were debarred from exercising "freedom of speech" in regard to the public conduct of individuals in either of these bodies. But it has occurred to us that we have, from motives of delicacy, been sometimes too indulgent in this particular. It is the duty of the press to watch over public decency and decorum, and we must say that when we saw the notorious - acting as agitator general for James Macarthur at the late College meeting, and when we observed the atill more notorious - using all his influence to induce parties to "wote along of Vinferd," and against the people-we were tempted to cry out "Shame I' But we suppressed our indignation, and it was not until we found a hero, who is not simply an emancipist-that would be nothing-but one who by current report spent his earlier years in moving from one penal settlement to another; who obtained his freedom by promoting the conviction of his associates; and who, having at length amassed wealth, spends it wallowing in the mire of vice, and publicly setting the laws of God and man at defiance-it was not until we found this person perambulating the city and publicly boasting that he would, by his influence, keep such and such parties out of the city council, that we put forth the gentle hint that has brought a philosopher from the other world to predict our downfall. And will any persons of good repute allow themselves to be libelled by having it stated that they have any fellow feeling, any " sympathy"-to use the word of Callisthenes -with a character such as we have described ? Shall it be that a man who dare not enter the jury box is to boast of his electioneering influence, and to throw out hints that the city council,,perh'aps the mayor himself, are to be his creatures ? No I we hope the more respectable enancipists will rather aid us to drive the animal back into his den. We have, it is true, assisted in getting him a vote, that the lights of better men might be preserved intact in God's name let him give it quietly to whom he pleases; but it is not to be tolerated that such a man is to become a political agitator, and dictate to honest men how they are to choose their repre sentatives. We have no apprehension, therefore, that any right minded person will adopt the suggestion of Callisthenes, and make common cause with the party whom we have justly castigated. But if it should be so, and that the Chronicle should fall to the groupd in consequence, then we say it ought to fill. If it can only stand by keeping in favour with worthless persons, at whatever sacrifice of principle, then the sooner it ceases to exist the better. It shall never'descend to this degrading subserviency while we have the control of it; nor shall we ever consider our advocacy of the rights of a class when assailed a pledge to support individuals of that class in any foolish display of arrogance after all just claims have been conceded. In advocating the rights of the emancipists it was not assuredly with the view or intention of uniting one class of aspirant aristo crats with another class, so as to extend the oui ance. The uncle of the present Lord Ellenborough having made a large fortune in India, settled with it at Washington, and being asked by at Eoglists tra veller whether there was not a great deal of aristo cratic feeling throughout the republic, he laconically answered-"' Yes. sir, an immense deal of aristocratic feeling. AND MOST sPECIALLIT AtoNo TIr2 BLACKSt" Now if we were an American we should probably advocate the right of the blacks to exercise all fran chises for which they appeared morally and intellec ituilly quahlfied, but if it were question of whether we should have a while or a black aritocracy we hould certainly say a white one. In thIe same way we think it ashould not have been the sole object of the patriots of New South Wales to effect the " grand plutocraticjunction" of Wentworth, Mac arthur and Co., and then tothrowo the people and the £5-franchirs, for which they had afected so much zeal, overboard I It is not we that bhave changed bur opinions, but those whom we are now accused of assailing. We have supported successively the "working men" oand the "emancipists" against the would-be aristocracy just because we waned to have a 0REAt AND UNITED P'OPLE, and no aristo cracy at all; and now that the union of classes in politics has been so far effected, while we have still to deal with the same aristocratic pretensions, it is not probable when we meet an embryo peer with a cat.o'.naine.tals upon his escutcheon that be will meet with greater respect from us than one who may be pleased to pride himself upon exhribiting a merino ram, or any other species of emblasonment. Claim' log this freedom of speech we hope we shall always control it so as to abstain from any expression that can, or ought to, wound the feelings of any good and peaceable cistien. 