CHARLES O'MALLEY, THE IRISH DRAGOON. CtrAtTEtt I.—DALY S CLUB HOUSE. The rain was dashing in torrents against the window panes, and the wind was sweeping in heavy and fitful gusts along the dreary and deserted streets, as a party of three persons sat over their wine, in that stately old pile which once formed the resort of the Iiisli Members, in College Green, Dublin, and ivcnt by the name of Daly's Club House. The clatter of falling tiles and chimney-pots —the jarring of the window-frames, and tiowling of the storm without, seemed little to affect the spirits of those within, as they drew closer to a blazing fire, before which stood a small table covered with the debris of a desert, and an abundant supply of bottles, whose characteristic length of nock indicated the rarest wines of France and Germany; while the portly magnum of claret—the wine, par excellence, of every Irish gentleman of the day— passed rapidly from hand to hand, the conversation did not languish, and many a deep and hearty laugh tollowed the stories which every now and then were told, as some reminiscence of early days was recalled, or some, trait of a former companion remembered. Oneofthe party, however, was apparently engrossed by oilier thoughts than those of the mirth and merriment around; for, in the midst of all, he would turn suddenly from the others, and devote himself to a number of scattered sheets of paper, upon which he had written some lines, but whose crossed and blolted sentences attested how little success had attested his literary labours. This individual was a short, plethoric-looking, white-haired man, of about fifty, with a de.p, round voice, and a chuckling, smothering laugh, which, whenever he indulged in, not only shook his own ample person, hut generally created a petty earth- : > - . . - r. . « -. on every side oflum, For tbe present, 1 snail not stop to particularise him more closely; but, when I add, that the per- ' son in question was a well known Member 1 of the Irish House of Commons, whose acute j understanding and practical good sense : were veiled under an affected and well dis- j sembleil habit of blundering, that did far j more for his party than the most violent and i pointed attacks of his more accurate asso- j ciates, some of my readers may anticipate j me in pronouncing him to_ be Sir Harry , n„ > • TT i'ii. ^ n i Bo>le. Upon Ins lelt sat a figure the most unlike him possible; he was a tall, thin, bony man, with a bolt-upright air, and a most saturnine expression; his eyes were covered with a deep green shade, which fell over his face, but failed to conccal a blue scar, that, crossing his cheek, ended in the angle of his mouth, and imparted to that leature, when he spoke, an apparently abortive attempt to extend towards his eyebrow ; his upper lip was covered with a grizzly and ill-tiimmed moustache, which added much to the ferocity of his loot, while a thin and pointed beard on his chin gave an apparent length to the whole facethat completed its rueful character. His dress, was a single bieasted tightly-buttoned fiock, in one button hole of which a red ribbon was fastened, (lie decoration of a foreign service, which conferred upon its wearer the tille of Count; and though Billy Considine, as lie was familiarly called by his friends, was a thorough Irishman in ail his feelings and affections, yet he had no objection to the designation lie had gained in the Austrian army. The Count was certainly no beauty, but, somehow, very few men of his day had a fancy for telling him so : a deadlier hand and a steadier eye never covered his man in the P!jo?nix ; and though he never had a seat in the House, he was always regarded as one of the government party, who had more than once damped the ar Jour of an opposition member, by the very significant threat of " setting Billy at him.*' Tlie third figure in the group, was a laiga powerfully-built, and handsome man, older than either of the others, but not betraying in his voice and carriage any touch of time. He was attired in the green coat and buff vest which formed the I. very of the Cl"b: and in Ins ta I, ample forehead, clear, ^ell- h set eye, and still handsome mouth, bore evidence that no P-reat great flattery flatten; was necessary at the time which called Godfrey O'Malley the handsomest man in Ireland. " Upon my conscience." said Sir Harry throwing down his pen with an air of ill-temper, " I can make nothing ol it; I have got into such an infernal habit of making bulls that I can't write sense when I want it." " Come, come," said O'Malley, " try again, my dear fellow. Ifyou can't succeed, I'm sure Billy and I have no chance." " What have you written''. Let us see," said Considine, drawing the paper towards him and holding it to the light, " why, what the devil is all this? you have made bim I drop down dead afterdinner, of a lingering illness, brought on by the debate of yesterday.' " " Oh, impossible!" " Well, read it yourself; there it is, and, as if to make the thing less credible, you talk of his ' bill for the better recovery of small debts.' I'm sure, O'Malley, your last moments were not employed in ihat manner." " Come, now," said Sir Harry," I'll setall to rights with a postscript. ' Any one who questions the above statement, is politely requested to call on Mr. Considine, 16, Kildare-street, who will feel happy to afford him every satisfaction upon Mr. O'Malley's decease, or upon miscellaneous matters.'" " Worse and worse," said O'Malley. " Killing another man will never persuade the world that I'm dead." " But we'll wake you, and have a glorious funeral." "And if any man doubt the statement, I'll call him out," said the Count. ".Or, better still," said Sir Harry Boyle, " O'Malley has his action at law for defamation. " I see I'll never get down to Gahvay at this rate," said O'Mallev; " and as the new election takes place on Tuesday week, time presses. There are more writs flying after me this instant, than for all the government boroughs." " And there will be fewer returns, I fear," said Sir Harry. " Who is the chief creditor," asked the Count "Old Stapleton the attorney, in Fleetstreet, has most of the mortgages." " Nothing to be done with him in this way," said Considine, balancing the corkscrew like a hair trigger. " No chance of it." " May be," said S.ir Harry, "He might come to terms ifl were to call and say— you are anxious to close accounts, as your death has just taken place. You know what I mean." " I fear BO should lie, -were you to say so. No, no, Boyle, just try a plain, straightforward paragraph about my death. We'll have it in Faikuer's paper to-morrow; on Friday the funeral can take place, and, with the blessing o' God, I'll come to life on Saturday at Athlone, in time to canvass the market." " I think it wouldn't be bad if your ghost were to appear to old Timins the tanner, in Nass, on your way down; you know he arrested \ou once before." " I prefer a night's sleep," said O'Malley; " but come, finish the squib for the paper." " Stay a little," said Sir Harry, musing; "it just strikes me that if ever the matter gels out, I may be in some confounded scrape. Who knows if it is not a breach of pt ivilege to report the death of a member, and to tell you truth, .1 dread the serjeant and the speaker's warrant with a very iively fear." Why, when did you make his acquaintance ?" said the Count. " Is it possible you never heard of Boyle's committal?" said O'Malley; "you surely must have been abroad at the time; but its not too late to tell it yet." " Well, it's about two years since old Townsend brought in his enlistment bill, and the whole country ivas scoured for all our voters, who were scattered litre and there, uever anticipating another call ol the House, and supposing that the session was just over. Among others, up came our friend Harry here, and, the night he arrived, they made him a ' monk of the screw,' and very soon made him forget his senatorial dignities. " On the evening after his reaching town, the bill was brought in, and, at two in the morning, the division took place—a vote . « , was of too raucJi consequence not lo look after it closely—and a castle messenger was in waiting in Exchequer-street, who, when the debate was closing, put Harry, with three others, into a coach, and brought them down to the House. Unfortunately, how- j ever, they mistook their friends, voted , against the bill; and, amid the loudest' cheering of the opposition, the government party were defeated. The rage of the min-! isters knew no bounds, and looks of defiance and even threats were exchanged between i • • .— . e — — the ministers and tbe deserters. Annd all this poor Harry fell fast asleep, and dreamed that he was once more in Exchequer-street, „„•,!•„ ,,„ , , . . ' prcsiding among the monks, and mixing another tumbler. At length he awoke and looked about him—the clerk was just at the instant reading out, in his usual routine manner a clause of the new bill and the lemai.lder of the house was in dead silence, Harry looked again around on every side, wondering where was the hot water and what had become ofthe whiskey bottle', and, above all, why the company were so extremely dull and ungenial. At length, with a half shake, he roused up a little, and giving a look of unequivocal conlcmpt on every side, called out, 1 upon my soul, you're picasant companions—but I'll give you a chaunt to enliven you.' So saying, he cleared his ihroat with a couple of short coughs, and struck up, ivith tlie voice of a Stentor, the following verse of a popular ballad— "And Like mice the.y nibbled in a round mvay, of Glo'ster; both night und dav, Great r.ii™ rogues o ;„ they „ — were, ^ "'ra-'.'.-- both great and small, • From Flood to Leslie Foster." " Great rogces all. " Chorus, boys." ir i .1 • „. i r Z l ' J Z ? ? t r ? ° fll,S y J ' n ! S ° f Y^P'" 0bab, y be , cau^ lliLwal 1 tT f i neVer nlo rn l , 6 r ° ofcd , over - T l 'f " hole h, rritl nvPr,f: . 7 T^ :rJ > r l,le S l ° 7 ^f ^ e L . r " NVw^,; V I • 1 j"' 6 WeekS « Al 'tr ? J t t ® h , S r W i;; , lnrkMn ihpm' frr MV ^ and worse n t J T / T ? n" s - H Ut 7 T now, will tins do?-'It is our melancholy duty to .announce the death of Godfrey » ^ v ^ i l v , . T T r T 1 Galway w nch took place on Friday ; « . club house. Tins esteemed gentleman s family—one of the oldest in Ireland, and among whom it was hereditary H- J . I I I - "J" f ' , 'aaghter from Considine 6 ? \ T A - T i , r f, ad , er ' Wh ° difficulty could be per- I ?, 9 a . g "' n ^ succeed' ' ^ 1 " neVer v . j ,, ., , - . J " - ' , s a '?. ° M '? 11 . e -V 1 lhe turt^ J nfl t H y an : , USnow . le A r ° 0 t U e r ,™ S ' . i A tresli magnum was called for, and over its inspiring contents all the deLils of thl funeral were planned; and, as the clock struck four, the party separated for the J 1 well sat;5fip,l satisfied Will, with nL tbe rLl, result nf of !L,£ul::' their labours. 1 , CHAPTER II.—THE ESCAPE. When the dissolution of parliament was announced the following morning 6 in Dublin • „„„ • „• , increased by the fact, that Godfrey O'Malley was at last open to arrest—for, as in olden tiroes, certain gifted individuals possessed some happy immunity against death by fire or sword, so the worthy O'Malley seemed to enjoy a no less valuable privilege, and for many a year had passed, among the myrmidons of the law as wit-proof. Now, however, the charm seemed to have yielded, and pretty much with the same feeling asa storming party may be supposed to experience on tlie day that a breach is reported as practicable, did the honest attorneys retained in the various suits against him, rally round each other that morning in the Four Courts. Bonds, mortgages, post obits, promissory notes, in fact every imaginable species of invention for raising the O'Malley exchequer, for the preceding thirty years, were handed about on ap sides; the suggesting to the mind of an uninterested observer, the notion that, had the aforesaid O'Malley been an independent and absolute monarch, instead of merely being the member for Galway, the kingdom over whose destinies he had been called to preside, would have suffered not a little from a depreciated currency and an extravagant issue of paper. "Be that as it might, one thing was clear, Ibe whole-estates of the family could not possibly pay' one-fourth of the debt; and the only question was one which occasionally arises at a scanty dinner on a mail-coach road—wlio was to be the lucky individual to carve the joint, where so many were so sure to go off hungry. It was now a trinl of address between these various and highly-gifted gentlemen, who should first pounce upon the victim, and when the skill of their caste is taken into consideration, who will doubt that every feasible expedient for securing him was resorted to! While writs were struck against liim in Dublin, emissaries were despatched to tlie various surrounding counties, to proeuro others, in tlie event of his cscape. Ne exeats were sworn and water bailiffs engaged to follow bim up the high seas; und, as the great Nassau balloon did not exist in those days, no imaginable mode of escape appeared possible, and bets were offered at long odds, that, within twenty- four hours, the late member would be enjoying his atium cum dignitate in his Majesty's gaol of Newgate. Expectation was at the highest—confidence hourly increasing—success all but certain—when, in the midst ofall this high bounding hope, tbe dreadful rumour spread, that O'Malley was no more. One had seen it just five minutes before, in the evening edition of Falkner's paper—another heard it in the courts—a third overheard the Chief Justice stating it to the Master of the Rolls \- -aud, lastly, a breathless witness arrived from College-green, with the news, that Daly's Club House was shut up, and the shutters closed. To describe the consternation the intelligence caused on every side is impossible; nothing in history equals it, except, perhaps, the entrance of the French army into Moscow, deserted and forsaken by its former inhabitants, While terror and dismay, therefore, spread amid that wide and respectable body who formed O'Malley's creditors, the preparations for his funeral were going on with every rapidity—relays of horses were ordered at every stage of the journey, and it was announced that, in testimony of his worth, a large party of his friends were to acecompany his remains to Portumna Abbey—atestinuch more indicative of resistance in the event of any attempt to arrest tlie body, than of anything like reverence for their departed friend. Such was the state of things in Dublin, when a letter reached me one morning, at O'Malley Castle, whose contents lvtll at once explain the writer's intention, and also serve to introduce my unworthy self to my reader. It ran thus—and I make no apology for introducing it— .. YoUr uncle Godfrey, whose debts [God pardo • lour untie vjouirey, wnose oeots ooo paraon him] are more numerous (ban the hairs of bis wig, wns obliged to die here last night. We did ibe tl, i ? s for '', imcom r> tee 'y..; all doubts as to the reality of the event, are silenced by the circumstontial dotoil of the newspaper • that he was confined six weeks to his bed, from a cold be caught ten days a S° wll ' ,e on guard.' Repeat this, for its better we had. all the same story, till he comes to life again, ^ t l e ' ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ r ^ county for him, ond say he'll be with his friends neIt week, ond up in Woodford, and the Scariff J 1 ? 1 " 011 *' : 6a - v lle died » lrue Catholic; it will serve I Z ^ d ^ soys he'd rather ride home ; and tell Father M'Shane t 0 have O of dinner ready about four o'clock for tbe c0 , ,se can 'I K et nolbit| K "for he leaves Mountmel l " :lr - No m0 "> • " Daly's, about eight in the evening, " To CiiAin.tr O'MALLEY, ESQ., " O'Malley Casile, Galway-'-" When this not over clear document reach" ed me I was tbe sole inhabitant of O'Malley Castle, a very ruinous pile of incongruous masonry, that stood in a wild and dreary part of the county of Galway, bordering on the Shannon ; on every side stretched the property of my uncle, or at least what had once been so ; and indeed so numerous were ' ts present claimants that he would have heen a Slll,t,e ' aw ver who could have pronnunced upon tlie rightful owner. The dcmesne around the castle contained some well.grown and handsome timber, and, as tl,e soil was undulating and fertile, presented many features of beauty; beyond it all was sterii e . Weak, and barren. Long tracks of brown heath-clad n.nuntain, or no less unfita!)le v,1|ies rf ,, a|\d wavi fern were all that the eye coula ^cem, w]lere tIle broad £hann0„ expandinff Ixcept in 0 a t a a„d , ,ak ^ aad motionless beneath tli dark mountains: a few islands, with some ruined churches and a rotind t a)one breaki d was|e of water Here it was x had pas5ed my infaocy and mv youth, and here I now stood at the age 0f seventeen quite unconscious that the world contained aught fairer and brighter than tllat , Galley, with its rugged frame of mountains. ^ When a mere child I was left an orphan to the care of my worthy nncle. My father, whose extravagance had well sustained the family reputation, had squandered a large and handsome property in contesting elecr i- . j • i • " I t 7 5 county and in keeping X h ^ m of unl.mned hosp.tal.ty lor : wh,ch . f eland ,n ? eneraI ! and Galway more «PM»lly, renowned. The result was, as might be expected, ruin and beggary : he died, leaving every one of his estates encumbered with heavy debts, and the only legacy '^cy he ne left ieit to his n.s brother orou.er was a boy novo, of four years of age entreating bun, with his last breath—" ,-,,,<< Rp Be nnv any tllitiff thing vrkll you likp like In to liim him, Godfrey, but a father, or at least such as one as I have-proved." Godfrey O'Malley, some short lime previous had lost bis wife, and when this new trust was committed to him, he resolved never to re-marry, but to rear me up as his own child, and the inheritor of his estates. How weighty and onerous an obligation this latter might prove the reader can form some idea; the intention, was, however, a kind one; and, to do my uncle justice, lie loved mc with all the affection of a warm and open heart. From my earliest years his whole anxiety was to fit tne for the part of a country gentleman, as lie regarded that character :— I rode boldly with fox-hounds; I was about the best shot within twenty miles of us; I could swim the Shannon at Holy Island; I drove four- in- hand better than the coachman himself; and from finding a hare to hooking a salmon, my equal could not be found, from Killaloe to Banaghar. These were the staple of my endowments; besides which the parish priest had taught me a little Latin, a little French, and a little geometry, and a great deal of the life and opinions of St. Jago, who presided over a holy well in tbe neighbourhood, and was held in very considerable repute. When I add to this portraiture of my accomplishments that I was nearly six feet high, wilh more than a commou share of activity for my years, and no inconsiderable portion of good looks, I have finished my sketch, -and stand before my reader. It ia now time I should return to Sir Harry's letter, which so completely bewildered me that, but for the assistance'of Father Roacli, I hliould have been totally unable to make out the writer's intentions. By his advice, I immediately set out for Athlone, where, when I arrived, I found my uncle addressing tlie mob from the top of llie hearse, and recounting Ins miraculous escapes as a new claim upon their gratitude. " There was nothing else for it boys; the Dublin people insisted on my being their member, and besieged the club-house. I refused—they threatened—I gretv desperate —they furious—' I'll die first,' said I, ' Galway or nothing!'" 'Hurrah' from the mob! ' O'Malley for ever 1' "And ye see I kept uiy word—I did die; I died that evening at a quarter past eight. There, read it for yourselves;. there's the paper; was waked, and carried out, and here I am after all, ready to die in earnest for you— but never to desert you." The cheers here were deafening; and my uncle was carried tltrmigh the market, down to tbe mayor's bouse, who, being a friend of the opposite party, was complimented with three groans; then up the Mall to the Chapel, beside which Father Mac Shane resided; he was then suffered to touch the earth once more, when, having shaken hands with all of his constituency within resell, he entered within the house, to partake of the kindest welcome and best reception the good priest could afford him. Sly uncle's progress homeward was a triumph; the real secret of his escape had somehow come out, and his popularity rose to a white heat. An its little O'Malley cares for the law—bad luck to is; it's himself as can laugh at judge and jury. Arrest him !—na bocklish—catch a weasel asleep," &c.; Such were the encomiums that greeted him as he passed cn towards home; while shouts of joy and blazing bonfires attested that Ills success was regarded as a national triumph. The west lias certainly its strong features of identity. Had my uncle possessed the claims of the immortal Howard—bad he united in bis person all the attributes which confer a lasting and ennobling fame upon humanity—he might have passed on unnoticed and unobserved ; but for the man who had duped a judge and escaped the she>iff, nothing was sufficiently flattering to mark their approbation. The succcss of the exploit was two-fold; the news spread far and near, and the very story canvassed the county better than Billy Davern himself, the Athlone attorney. This was the prospect now before us; and however little my readcts may sympathise with my taste, I must honestly avow that I looked forward lo it wills a most delightful feeling. O'Malley castle was to be the centre of operations, and filled with my uncle's supporters; while I, a mere stripling, and usually treated as a boy, was to be entrusted with an important mission, and sent off to canvas a distant relation, with whom my uncle was not upon terms, and who might possibly oe approachable by a younger branch of the family, with whom he had never any collision. 