Atrocious ! 1 1 Tbe Examiner of Wednesday last ex hibits, amongst the Police Reports, tbe name of tbe respectable coach-builder, in Brisbane-street, Mr. Miles, as having been fined at the Police-office £2, for harbouring a female assigped servant. The well known unassuming and reputable charac ter of Mr. Miles, created not more asto nishment to tbe reader of tbe ' Report,' than to Mr. Miles himself, when be was informed of it. Mr. Miles was not 6ned at the Police-office for harbouring a female assigned servant, nor ever was he charged with the breach of the Act of Council, nor did he ever lay himself open to the charge. The police clerk, who furnishes the reports to tbe Examiner, denies having giveii such ? report as appears in that paper. He states that Mr. Miles never was charged with ?uch an offence — never was lined. The excuse Mr. Aikenhead gives is, ' that he cannot find the manuscript.' We will have have something more to say of this ; — under such a tyranny, no man's reputa tion is safe. — ^ — — »?— The ' We.'— The evangelical We, of the Aching-head Gaielte, is no Teatotaller, that's pos. Before his invisibleship indulges in his cups, he is tame as ditcb water ; before his spiritual eicitement, he is a perfect dung- ' hitt— ht cvtm under the lee of tne dunghill ; then, the small beer abortion cannot light '. Fighting is not agreeable to his habits, and his ' ideas of manliness and of his religion ; he keeps ' a ' tall Irish bully' in his office to answer | enquiries for him, when he is encased in his i editorial chair; and when he leaves it, to transact business out of doors, ho carries a ' '? Lire Defender in his pocket.' Teatotalism is no part of the principles of the spiritual We of the Aching-head rag; the Inw-bred ravings, and vulgar slang of the small beer scribbler, arc manifest in the moving of the [ spirit within bim. He flogs on the languid ' wit or his blubber head with Uutton's treble X and Hodges' cordials, until Lo I how he ' utonisheth the natives '. Then (id. «t.) after be has indulged, he disnenseth with the cervices of his ?? tall Irish' bully, and his -? Life De- ' fender,' and can light : Then, instead of calling for protection from the Police, and shouting for constables— help me gentlemen '. protect me gentlemen ! -he becomes vastly brave— then he can light '. Then, under tbe inBuence of the treble X nnd the Cordials, he is very brave '. he is disposed to light ' to annihilate every one who turns his nose up at ' bim. en passant. Then, he says, he can fight i a Ghost .'.'.'—nay, even the 'Shadow of a Ghost.' 1'he small beer abortion ean Cght a { Ghost, or his Shadow— (of course the latter ; would be preferred) even without the assistance of the 'tall Irish' bully and the 'Life De- ' fender;' the fellow's bravery abounds to over flowing when he has the shadow of a Ghost for ! bis opponent, but freezes below Zero when sterling flesh and blood come in his way. The ' We of the Bolter's rag is beneath contempt he is too cowardly to fight, but he is coward enough to insult and slander every person who is not of his sect and party. He can publish the grossest lies of gentlemen obnoiious to him when screened behind his 'tall Irish' bully; but he dare not stand forward to defend his atrocious slander. This we dare him to do. As the nominal proprietor of the lag declares that he bas ' nothing to do with tbe Editorship,' and that be ' is not personally responsible for its slandering'— and moreover states that ' he is the Secretary of the Cornwall Insurance Office, and regrets that he has lent his name to the paper which he finds operates seriously ag» jnst the interests of the Company'—!/ he is to be believed, he is not the alternately small beer and spirit-elated We of the print. Let the editorial vipei acknowledge himself, nod it is strange to us, ? if he has any fight in him— but that he will have something more than a Ghost, or the ' shadow of a Ghost,' to contend with. Water Act. — We direct the attention of the public geneially, and householders and tenants mure particularly, to tbe Draft Act for supplying this town with water, published in this number. Jury List — In consequence of some trifling errors having been discovered in the Jury List, on the occasion of the meeting of justices on Tuesday last, the meeting was ad journed until Friday neit, the 4th Novr. Notice is hereby given tbat tbe follow, ing alterations have been made in the code of signals pasted from the Windmill Hill station, viz ? No. 40— Denotes the vessel Brent. 61— Denotes the Union. 62— Denotes the Ltufy Franklin. 182— Steamer towing (vessel indicated.) J. R. BiTuciM, Port OSce. Harbour Matter. Launceston, Oct. 29. Imports and Exports for ibe port of Launceston for the quarter ending 10th Octo ber, 1842, with the coxrespoudinj quarter for 1841\. 1842. '''Ports ? *81,707— £46,760 Exports ? £67,456— JE48,668 Vessels entered Innards. No. Ships. Tonnage. Men. 1842 ? 66 ? 6,672 ? 498 1841 ? 66 ? 7,459 ? 521 Vessels entered Outuardi. No. Ships. Tonnage. Men. 1642 ? 57 ? 6,880 ? 684 MUNIHCEJ.T.— The Marquis of Water ford, on the occasion of his marriage, forgave to his entire tenantry one year's rent, amount ing to upwards of £75,000. New Zealand.— We acknowledge the receipt of ' A Journey in the northern island of New Zealand,' by tbe Revd. W.R. Wade, from which we shall extract much useful infor mation at our lint convenience. Insolvency Opposition. — We think it is only just, tbat in the event of an insol vent being opposed by his creditors on ap. plying for his discharge, that notice should be previously given to him of such inten tion, with tha grounds of opposition. An An insolvent who is really honestly disposed, and who has nothing to be ashamed of in his tiantmdions, may appear to be a rogue, and give reason for suspecting that bis affairs are purposely concealed, when called upon at a moment's notice to answer questions put to him —probably of matters the particulars of which bis recollection fails him satisfactorily to ei. plain. The Commissioners, we understand, could make an order to such effect, which would be no more tUan a mere act of charity to the unfortunate.. Legislature. — The Council bas ad. journed until the 2nd November, to give His Excellency lime to consider the alterations suggested by the Committee on the Insolvent Act. It is reported that there is some intention of appointing a third Judge, and throwing the insolvent business into tbe Supreme Court. Thirty Pound Court. — The Court of Requests' Extension Act hat passed the Council, and comes into operation on the 1st January next. Agents, already practising, are allowed to act in cases where tlie claim does not exceed £10. Flour Contract.— The Hobart Town press alludes to a trick played off on the Go. vernment by a flour contractor, who, on having a quantity rejected in consequence of its bad quality, sent the same flour back again, in sacks, with a little of a superior quality on the top of each. The fraud was discovered, and the article again returned to the contractor. The True Colonist states, that frauds of a similar nature have been practiced on tbe Go- I vernment to a considerable extent. ? Captain Cheyne. — It is reported that ? the suspension of Captain Cbeyne bas been dis- ? allowed by tbe Colonial Minister, and that he H will be restored to his office. However un- ? popular Captain Cheyne was in his publio ? capacity— and whether qualified or not for the ? able discharge or his professional duties— his M dismissal was unjust and impolitic. ? Scablet Fevkr — We understand tbat this epidemic it extremely prevalent in Hobait Town among the poor, and in families which are numerous. It has proved fatal in a few instances. Captain Montagu— The return of Captain Montagu to resume the office of Colo nial Secretary, which he to long filled with advantage to the colony, is not at all unlikely. A private letter from a gentleman in London, who is well informed in colonial matters, statej, that Captain Montagu had been instructed to ! prepare himself to embark with the newlyap pointed Governor, and ?- to resume his office in Van Diemen's Land.' The re-imtatement of Captains Montagu and Cheyne shakes tbe ??- ! curity in office of all Sir John Franklin's appointees. I I Tamar Recatta— A meeting of the I i Committee took place on Wednesday last at I the Exchange, when it was determined that I the Regatta should take place on Friday, the . 2nd December. A meeting will be held shortly to make the necessary arrengaments, of which due public notice will be given. ( ] Sobriety.— At the Police-office, on ! Wednesday last, only one case of drunkenness appeared on the watch-house list. Singular as this fact may appear, in w extensive a popu lation, it is not, by any means, an unusual case. Intemperance is fast getting out oT fashion; the operations of the Teatotallen havt had a salutary effect on many of the seasoned Bacchanalians, but we attribute the prevailing absence of drunkards at the Police-olice chiefly to the use of the excellent and unadul terated malt liquor, which is made by most or the brewers, which may be drank in moderate ! quautities.without intoxicating and maddening the consumers. Wheat Land at Norfolk Plains. i —The quantity of land under tillage for, and cropped this year with wheat, at Norfolk Plains, is estimated at 16,880 acres. At ifteen bushels an ucrc— which u a lair average — the produce 'ill be 245,700 bushels. Forgery. — A man named Anthony Tatlow, has been remanded to gaol, for further examination, on a charge of forging the accept- ance of James Henly, Esq., for £25. The crime of forgery is on the increase in this town, and calls for some severe example to put a stop to it. Quick Voyage —The Mona, Captain Milligan, the property of the Messrs. Henty, of this town, arrived on Tuesday last, from London, having made her voyages in less than ten months. Her last voyage was performed in the same time. Home Appointments— A Mr. H. C. Cotton, brother to Captain Cotton, has beep ap- pointed Deputy Surveyor-General of Van Die- men's Land. Church Appointments — The Rev. F. R. Nixon, Curate of Ash, Kent, Fellow of St. John's, Oxford, and a preacher of the Can- terbury Cathedral, has been appointed Bishop of Van Diemen's Land, at a salary of £1000 per annum. The wretch Francis, who fired a pistol at her most gracious Majesty, was tried for the offence, found guilty, and sentenced to death. Her Majesty mitigated the sentence to transportation for life. Another attempt to shoot Her Majesty — Scarcely had her Majesty, Victo- ria, escaped from the murderous attempt at her destruction by Francis, when a hump- backed vagabond, named Oxman, was detected in a similar act. Her Majesty was on her way to attend divine worship at St. James' Cbapel Royal, when the miscreant Oxman, who had sought the opportunity, drew a pistol from his pocket, levelled, and pulled tbe trigger. Pro- videntially it missed fire. The fellow was secured. He had been heard to praise the conduct of Francis, and express a determination, to take the life of the Queen. Free Representation.— The Bill for an Elective Legislature for New South Wale* has passed the British Legislature. Twelve members of Council aie to be nominated by the Crown, and eighteen to be elected by the people. Port Phillip is included ; taj distikt returns four members, and the towa oi Mel bourne one member. Toe qualification for sv member is, an estate of the yearly valua of £100 sterling; he must be of age, and sv natural-born, or duly-naturalised, subject. The qualifications for an elector is, the possession of landed property, free of incumbrance, worth £900 a-year, or householder, and occupier of dwelling of the rectal of -£20 per annum. Neglecting to attend two consecutive sessions, disqualifies a member, or if he become insol- I vent, or be convicted of felony, treason, or other ? infamous crime. One session to be held every 9 year— each Council to continue for five years, jl subject, however, so be dissolved by the Go- II vernor ; &C;, 4c. We will find mn early nppet. tunity to publish the Bill entire. A Launceston Invention.— We learn that one of the most ingenious inventions tbat could have been devised in the scientiEc world, has been made by Mr. Tyson, tbe builder and carpenter, of this town. It i- no lesi than the accomplishment of a seeming impossibility. By the simplest contrivance, Mr. Tyson raises water in his pumps from any depth, though far beyond thirty-two feet, the limit to which com mon pumps will act, and he mccompu'shts hit object with only a single tube, and a single piston-rod, attached to the common pump handle. At Longford, is a Government pump, 96 feet long, of Mr. Tyson's construction; there is a single tube of 96 feet in depth, and s single piston, and the handle being worked as in common pumps, the water immediately rises and flows to any extent. Formerly Mr. Tyson was a great sufferer from the willy lure of brewers vats ; one of the many victim of alcoholic fascination ; but be manfully set the insidious enemy at defiance— broke through, the (toe frequently) debasing bonds of spirit ous drink—and is now ? principal movni aaeng the ranks of Teatotallen; a credit to bitjatlf, and a beneficial member and oroanwntaT the community. Whatever merit then saay ba in the discovery of Mr. Tyson, he puts it til to. the store of Teatotaliim. He hit forwaidesfc d I to »rot Mend! and ielati«s at borne, engaged ? ? n 5« «?*!-«??*£ bUsine«s. tbe particular, of a ? !. construction of h» pump, by which, lie ' RemuTg. «nd hitherto supposed imposs.b.l.tv. li BS, been 10 readily accomplished by him. [? M Cornwall Insurance Cohpany. I. ? We are requcrted by several shareholders of h ? .1. company to intimate, that the election In/ ' WtoVaUhe'nieeting on the 4th November, for the incoming director!, ueipected, and '- .ill to generally approved. We quite approve h Tf hV.ugge.tioi, of the shareholders, because ' we feel that in the hurry and confusion of the ? fird Herring of the Company, much was done » iba on sober reflection might wi.h undone. ? Union Bakk.-A deputation from the Union Bank of Aurtralla, coniiiting of Sir J. ? Johnttone. Mr. Cummin., and Mr. Gower, \- M an ?»Ur»i«w with Lo rd Stanley, at the 1 Colonial OBce, on the 17th June.— Hotort B Town Courier, Oct. 28. Fo».l« Wh«a».-W« have been favored with the perutal of a private letter from Syd. n«. by -hich it appear, that 20,000 bushel, of wheat had arrived there from Valparaiso. ! Tlie .peculation i. altogether a foreign one, ? and wa. not anticipated by the colomtU. It u i alto currently rumoured that 100,0000 bu.helt 6 more may be eipected to arriie from the same 1 quarter. Thi. i. much to be regretted in the present depressed tute of our colonial market j i for whether the latter report turn, out to be correct or not. it will have the effect of making the Sydney buyer, limit their oBeis for our t wheat to a .till lower figure. Indeed, thi. ha. already been done by the home in quettion — '? Cmckt ? The match between the Derwent i Club and tbo Clarence Plain. Club was decided ! in favor of the former, winning by four notches i with nine wicket, to go down. The total number of notcbei .cored by the Clarence : Plain. Club in the two inning, wo. 88.— Ibid. 