POETRY. POMPEY'S GHOST, [A PATHETIC BALLAD.] "Skins may differ, but affection Dwells in white and black the same."—COWPER. 'Twas twelve o'clock, not twelve at night, But twelve at noon; Because the sun was shining bright, And not the silver moon. A proper time for friends to call, Or Pots, or Penny Post; When, lo! as Phoebe sat at work, She saw her Pompey's Ghost! Now when a female has a call From people that are dead, Like Paris ladies, she receives Her visitors in bed. But Pompey's spirit could not come, Like spirits that are white, Because he was a Blackamoor, And wouldn't show at night. But of all unexpected things That happen to us here, The most unpleasant is a rise, In what is very dear. So Phoebe screamed an awful scream, To prove the seaman's text— That after black appearances, White squals will follow next. "Oh, Phoebe dear! oh, Phoebe dear! Don't go to scream or faint, You think, because I'm black, I am The Devil, but I ain't! Behind the heels of Lady Lambe I walk'd whilst I had breath; "But that is past, and I am now A walking after Death! "No murder, though, I come to tell My base and bloody crime— So Phoebe dear, put off your fits Till some more fitting time— No Crowner, like a boatswain's mate, My body need attack, With his round dozen to find out Why I have died so black. "One Sunday, shortly after tea, My skin began to burn, As if I had in my inside A heater like the urn. Delirious in the night I grew, And as I lay in bed, They saw I gather'd all the wool You see upon my head. "His Lordship for his doctor sent, My treatment to begin— I wish that he had call'd him out, Before he call'd him in. For though to physic he was bred, And pass'd at Surgeon's Hall, To make his post a sinecure, He never cur'd at all. "The Doctor look'd about my breast, And then about my back, And then he shook his head and said, 'Your case looks very black.' And first he sent me hot Cayenne, And then Gamboge to swallow— But still my Fever would not turn To Scarlet or to Yellow. "With madder and with turmeric He made his next attack, But neither he nor all his drugs Could stop my dying black. At last I got so sick of life, And sick of being dozed, One Monday morning I gave up My Physic and the ghost. "Oh, Phoebe dear, what pain it was To sever every tie, You know black beetles feel as much As giants when they die— And if there is a bridal-bed, Or bride of little worth, It's living in a bed of mould Along with Mother Earth. "Alas, some happy, happy day, In church I hope to stand, And Iike a muff of sable skin, Receive your lilly hand. But sternly with that piebald match, My late untimely clashes— For now, like Pompe-doubled, I'm sleeping in my ashes. "And now farewell, I'm wanted down below, And have but time enough to add— One word before I go— In mourning crape and bombazine Ne'er spend your precious pelf— Don't go in black for me, for I Can do it for myself. "Henceforth within my grave I rest, But death who there inherits, Allowed my spirit leave to come, You seem'd so out of spirits— But do not sigh, and do not cry, By grief too much engross'd,— Nor for a ghost of colour, turn The colour of a ghost. "Again farewell my liley dear, Once more a last adieu, For I must make myself as scarce As swans of sable hue." From black to grey, to nought, The shape began to fade, And like an egg, though not so white, The Ghost was newly laid. 