 PRINCE of WALES. the procession to the chapel. At half-past eleven o'clock, the Foreign Ministers, the Ladies, the Knights of the "Garter, the Cabinet Ministers, and the other visitors left the Castle in royal carriages, for Wolsey Hall, followed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishops of London, Winchester, Oxford, and Norwich. The Queen and Prince Albert, with his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, left the Castle for the chapel, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Duke of Sussex, and Prince George of Cambridge. ' His Majesty the King of Prussia having passed from his apartments, joined the other sponsors. The King was habited in a scarlet .uniform, edged with black velvet, the ap- pointments of silver, and wore the Collar of the Bluck Eagle, only worn by his Majesty on state occasions, together with the Star of the Order. His Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Saxe Coburg appeared in a very rich hussar uniform of scarlet and gold; the loose jacket of white was also richly .trimmed with gold. It is unnecessary to repeat the order in which the distinguished guests set out from the Castle. Due military honours were paid to the Foreign Ambassadors, but no cheering was given to any individual, not even to the Duke of Wellington. The first hearty cheer was given when the carriage containing the infant Prince came in sight. The lady to whose care this precious charge was intrusted, held him in such a manner as enabled her Majesty's lieges to obtain an excellent view of their young Prince. This caused the cheering to be redoubled. When her Majesty and Prince Albert ap- proached, their presence was welcomed by the most vociferous cheering on the part of the spectators, and by the usual military honours on the part of the assembled sol- diery. The state carriage was drawn by a pair of the celebrated cream coloured horses, led by two grooms, as is usual on all state occasions. In another state carriage were the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Cam- bridge, and the Princess Augusta. Last of all came, also in a state carriage, his Majesty the King of Prussia. He was loudly cheered. ST. GEORGE'S CHAPEL. The doors of St. George's Chapel were thrown open at about a quarter to eleven o'clock; the southern entrances having been besieged by those who had been fortunate enough to secure tickets for nearly an hour before. Looking towards the altar or entering the choir, the effect was imposing in the extreme. The altar was covered with a profusion of massive gold plate of the most splendid des- cription, very tastefully arranged upon the communion table, which was covered with the richest purple velvet. The carpet within the rails of the altar was of Turkey fabric, and bore on a gold ground the Cross of St. George on a shield, and the Star of the order of the Garter, appropriately emblazoned. Before the altar was placed on a dais, a highly polished table, with gilded ornaments. This table, however, was subsequently removed to make room for the font. On either side of it were placed six chairs, with gilded frames and backs, and seats of purple velvet, on which the Star of the Garter was emblazoned in light blue. These chairs were originally placed with their backs to the altar, but a short time previously to the arrival of the Royal procession, they were turned to face it. The body of the choir was covered with a superb purple carpet, on which the emblems appertaining to the Order of the Garter "were also emblazoned. The seats usually appro- priated to the lay clerks of the chapel were set apart for the ladies of the nobility and others, who had received admission by tickets, and a further accommodation was furnished for visitors in each isle on the outside of the choir, where galleries were erected, from which the greater part of the ceremony could be witnessed. Shortly after eleven o'clock the heralds and pursuivants who were appointed to su- perintend the arrangements, entered the cha- pel, and Dr. Elvey, to whom was committed the important duty of organist, took his seat at that instrument and played a short volun- tary. At about half-past eleven o'clock the Lord Chancellor of England, Lord Lyndhurst, entered the chapel, attired in his state robe. His Lordship was conducted by the pursui- vants to one of the vacant stalls, where he took his seat, and remained throughout the ceremony. After most of the company had assembled the table before-mentioned was removed, and a purple,velvet Stool edged with gold was introduced in its room, on which was placed the, superb gold font. A gentleman at arms then brought in a frosted glass jug, contain- ing water procured from the river Jordan, i which he poured into the font. Other gen- tlemen of the corps at the same time placed elegantly bound prayer-books in the chairs appropriated to the royal and illustrious at- tendants at the ceremony. . . At half-past twelve o'clock martial music without announced that her Majesty and her royal visitors had left the Castle for the .chapel. Very shortly after, the Archbishop of Canterbury entered the chapel by the north door, followed by the Archbishop of York, the Bishop of London, the Bishop of Norwich (Clerk of the Closet), the Bishop, of Winchester (attired in the robe of Prelate of the Order of the Garter), and the Bishop of Oxford in the robe of Chancellor of the same Order. The Lord Primate took his place immediately at the back of the font, the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Nor- wich standing at his right, the Bishop of London on his left. The other Prelates and Ecclesiastics, not being about to take part in the ceremony, took their stations within the altar rails. After the Right Rev. Pre- lates had taken their appointed places, there was a pause of considerable duration, which was broken by martial music announcing the Queen's arrival at the chapel entrance. At precisely twenty minutes to one, the King of Prussia entered the chapel by the south door, and took his seat in a chair on the same side of the altar. The Duke of Cambridge, the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess Augusta of Cambridge, entered by the same side, and occupied chairs near to his Majesty. Immediately after the royal procession entered the choir of the chapel by the north door in the following order : The Senior Gentleman Usher Quarterly Waiter. Gentleman Usher to the Gentleman Usher of the Sword of State. Black Rod. Garter King at Arms. Groom in Waiting Groom of the Groom in Waiting on H. R. H. Stole to on Prince Albert. H. R. H. the Queen. Prince Albert. Sergt.-at-Arms The Sword of Sergt.-at-Arms The Lord State The Lord Steward borne by Chamberlain. The Duke of Wellington. Lord in Waiting The Queen Lord in Waiting on H. It. H. and H. R. H. on the Prince Albert. Prince Albert. Queen. Sergeant-at-Arms. Sergeant-at-Arms. Master of the Horse. Mistress of the Robes. Lady of the Bedchamber. Two Maids of Honour. Bedchamber Woman. The Queen and Prince Albert, the Duke of Sussex, and Prince George of Cambridge, took their places on the haut pas north of the altar. The Queen was attired in the robe of the Sovereign of the Garter, over a dress of the richest crimson velvet. Her Majesty wore the collar of the Order over her shoulder, and its star on her left breast. On her head was the splendid diamond tiara, and her Majesty also wore a necklace and earrings of the same precious gem. Her hair was plainly drcssed in loops fulling over her cheeks, and drawn up behind the ears. On entering, the Queen looked rather ner- vous, but her Majesty speedily resumed her wonted dignity. Prince Albeit was attired in the robe of a Knight of the Garter. The Duke of Sussex, also in the robe of a Knight of the Garter, was stationed next to his Royal Highness. The King of Prussia was dressed in a scarlet military uniform, with blue facings and silver epaulettes. His Ma- jesty wore the Collar of the Order of the Black Eagle. The Duke of Wellington stood behind her Majesty's chair supporting the Sword of State, and upon more than one occasion during the ceremony was observed, notwith- standing the considerable weight he sup- ported, taking obvious pleasure in adjusting the train of her Majesty's lobe. THE CHRISTENING. On the Queen's entering the choir, the grand march from Judas Maccabeus was performed on the organ by Dr. Elvey. Be- fore its completion, however, the royal party had taken their seats, and a signal was given to discontinue the performance. The organ having ceased the Archbishop of Canterbury commenced the reading of the baptismal service. His Grace read the beau- tiful Liturgy of the Church in a clear and impressive tone of voice, calculated to awaken the liveliest sense of the solemnity of the occasion. Nothing particular occurred in the perusal of the service until the Arch- bishop came to the questions propounded to the godfathers and godmothers of children brought to be baptised. His Grace then turning to the sponsors, most impressively demanded of them as follows ! – " Dost thou, in the name of this Child, renounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all covetous desires of the same, and the carnal desires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow, nor be led by them ?" To this the King of Prussia replied for the sponsors generally, in conformity with the words of the Liturgy, " I renounce them all." His Majesty delivered this sentence and the other responses in the service quick- ly, but distinctly and emphatically. His accent did not appear to be at all that of a foreigner. The Archbishop having arrived at that part of the service in which he is to take the child into his arms, her Grace the Duchess of Buccleuch received the infant Prince from the nurse, who stood close to the Queen and Prince Albert, and delivered his Royal High- ness to the Archbishop. His Grace then turned to the King of Prussia and the other sponsors, and said " Name this child." His Majesty replied in a clear voice, " We name him Albert Edward." The Archbishop then performed the holy rite of sprinkling and signing the mark of the cross upon the child's forehead, saying, " Albert Edward I baptize thee, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The organ gave forth, and the congregation joined in a solemn " Amen." The Archbishop then offered up the thanks- giving for the admission of the child as a member of Christ's Church, and then, all kneeling, the holy prayer given to Christians by the Saviour was most impressively de- livered. At this moment the scene was so- lemn and magnificent in the extreme, and would afford a worthy subject for the pencil of the artist. The Queen having retired, the King of Prussia bowed to the ladies of the Court, and then to the Ecclesiastics. His Majesty then offered his arm to the Duchess of Kent, and left the choir by the south door, followed by the Duke of Cambridge and the rest of the Royal party. The company assembled in the body of the choir were then permitted to pass to the altar table, to inspect the plate, the font, &c.; Great anxiety was shown to dip a handkerchief or glove into the water of the font brought from the Jordan, with a view to treasure up such articles as reminiscences of this auspicious occasion. Indeed, such was the anxiety to approach to the font and altar that it was some time ere the chapel could be finally cleared. Among the occurrences of the day most particularly observed was the devotion evinced by the King of Prussia. During the performance of the baptismal service his Majesty never once was seen to take his eyes from his book, save when he was called upon to answer the interrogatories of the Archbishop. His Majesty's conduct throughout the service was indeed a pattern for princes and subjects. Mr. Hayter was present, by command of Her Majesty, for the purpose of taking a sketch of the baptismal ceremony ; and Mr. Baxter, the artist, was present, by her Ma- jesty's permission for the same purpose. return of the procession. The grand crash of instruments by which the Hallelujah Chorus is distinguished, as well as the booming of the guns in the Long Walk gave notice to the spectators in the Lower Ward of the Castle that the christen- ing was concluded. The royal carriages, which had filed off to the bottom of the green in the Lower Ward, were then called up to the temporary gateway formed in front of Wolsey's Hall. The royal party returned, however, in an order the very reverse of that in which they had entered the chapel. Her Majesty and Prince Albert were the first to return home ; they were, followed in due course by his Majesty the King of Prus- sia, and the other royal personages. The same tributes of military and popular respect which were paid on their progress to the chapel, were also paid to them on their re- turn. The young Prince was, if anything, more cordially cheered than he had been before. His Royal Highness was held up to the window, and the gratified spectators testified their joy by the waving of hats and con- tinued cheering. Again were her Majesty and Prince Albert enthusiastically greeted. The other visitors returned to the castle in much the same desultory manner as they had arrived. There were eight of her Ma- jesty's state dress carriages and several of her private carriages engaged in conveying the guests to and from the Chapel to the Castle, and no attempt was made apparently at forming a procession, or indeed at any- thing except making the transit as rapid and as little inconvenient to the guests as pos- sible. CHAPTER Oí THE ORDER OP THE GARTER. On the return of her Majesty and Prince Albert, the King of Prussia, the Royal Fa- mily, and the distinguished guests, to the Castle, a Chapter of the most noble Order of the Garter was held in the Throne-room. Nearly all the visitors assembled in the Waterloo Gallery. The Knights were robed by Mr. Hunter in the Guard Chamber, in their splendid mantles and collars, and the officers in their respective mantles, chains, and badges. Her Majesty being seated on a chair of state, and the Knights and officers having been introduced, and taken their places, their Sovereign's pleasure that a lineal descendant of his Majesty King George I. should be elected into the Order, in pursuance of a statute to that effect, was notified by the Bishop of Oxford. The election was then proceeded with, and his Majesty Frederick William the Fourth, King of Prussia, was declared elected a Knight" of the most noble Order of the Garter. The Garter was then buckled on the King's left leg, and her Majesty, assisted by Prince Albert and the Duke of Sussex, afterwards passed the Ribbon and George over the left shoulder. The Throne-room had been fitted up ex- pressly for the occasion, in a very splendid manner. Within the alcove at the west end is the throne, placed on a raised dais, hav- ing a magnificent canopy, and draperies of crimson velvet, most richly decorated with gold, and having the royal arms embroidered in bullion on the back. The chair of state is carved and richly gilt; the cushion of purple velvet, embossed with the Star of the Order of the Garter. The alcove contains a painting by West, of the first Installation of the Order of the Garter. Some mirrors of the largest size, reaching to the ceiling, line the east end, and also .fill up the space between the piers. In the centre of the room is a chandelier, of very elegant form, and lustres are suspended at the sides of the throne. Portraits of George III. by Gains- borough, of George IV. bv Lawrence, and of William IV. by Sir M. A. Shee, all of them in the robes of the Garter, adorn the south side. The walls are covered with purple velvet, with the Star and Badge of the Garter em- bossed. The chairs of state, and the seats of the Knights are carved, and newly gilt, and covered with purple velvet, embossed with the Star of the Order of the Garter. The ceiling is highly ornamented, and is richly gilt. St. George and the Dragon, and other insignia of the Order of the Garter are introduced among the different devices. THE BREAKFAST. After the investiture of the King of Prus- sia, a déjeune was served to the visitors in the Queen's presence chamber, the Queen's audience chamber, and the Vandyke Gallery. The Queen and Prince Albert, the King of Prussia, and the royal visitors passed to the white breakfast room, end all the ladies to the oak room. The company at the dé- jeuné included all who had received the honour of invitation to the banquet. ST. GEORGE'S HALL. The following description of the prepa- ration in St. George's Hall, is from the Times, which affords a general view of the magnificence of the scene which the hall presented : On entering this singularly striking room our eyes were perfectly dazzled by the bril- liance of the gold which glittered before us. On a screen, which extended nearly two-thirds of the width of the room, was fixed a beaufet of plate, almost too dazzling to look upon. The centre piece was the celebrated shield of Achilles, on which it were only a vain task to utter words of com- mendation at this time of day. Around it were thirty three other massive pieces of plate, to say nothing of the minor chalices and goblets which were interspersed among them. We want words to describe their unrivalled splendour. Looking up the table we saw four distinct avenues formed between the silver gilt plates ranged on each side of it, by the tureens, the vases, the salt cellars, and the chandeliers. The salt cellars were singularly elegant and diversified. The chan- deliers, with their numerous branches, retted on polished mirrors, to which they gave, and from which they borrowed, light when their branches were burning. In the centre of the table, directly opposite to the Queen's chair, was a magnificent gold chandelier, standing nearly five feet high, with numerous branches, on which was a splendid carving of St. George slaying the dragon, with Vic- tory dropping a crown of laurel on his head from above. Near it was the celebrated Tower salt cellar, which is so well known as one of the choicest gems of art in the pos- session of the crown. But why should we particularize further in such a display of opu- lence and refinement, when we only saw the tables for a few minutes, and each separate piece of plate would take us almost an hour to describe ? Looking behind us, we found another sideboard, equally gorgeous with that we have so much admired. We think that it must have contained some of the largest salvers in the world. We were told that one of them, valued as worth 10,000 guineas, was formed out of the golden snuff- boxes received by George IV. We saw amongst them two immense gold bottles, said to he Scotch, with massive chains of the same metal, containing from four to six quarts each. The workmanship was ex- quisite. We had also pointed out to us the celebrated gold cup of Gustavus Adolphus, which now belongs to the royal plate chest of England. In a recess opposite the Queen's chair, and which was surmounted with the prince's plume, we were particularly struck with the golden dogs of George IV., the golden tiger's head, once the property of Tippoo Saib, and several enamelled drinking cups, especially one which contains an eme- rald said to be worth £500. We were told that this recess contained three celebrated cups by Cellini. The Nautilus cup requires no praise of ours; it is singularly elegant. There was a cup of the time of Charles li., which also excited great admiration. It is said to have once belonged to Charles II., and to have been presented by him to a Master of Queen's College, Oxford, who had rendered important services to his father Charles I. If the scene were thus splendid in the day time, what must it have been in the even- ing, when irradiated by a thousand candles, whose light was reflected from above and below by the polished surfaces on which they fell. When we first saw it, about half past seven in the evening, we were obliged, coming as we did out of a darkish passage upon it, to place our hands on our eyes as a sort of shelter against its glare and brilliance. We had not, however, been in many mi- nutes, when we became accustomed to it, and were compelled, in spite of ourselves, to yield to the scene before us the most un- limited admiration. It is impossible for us to convey by words any idea of its gorgeous magnificence, and we shall not attempt to perform impossibilities. We have seen many splendid theatrical illusions, but this was a reality, and far surpassed them all. The gallery opposite to that reserved for spec- tators was filled with the splendid bands of the Life Guards in their state liveries, and of the 72nd Highlanders, which in the course of the evening sustained to admiration, by their performances, their well deserved cha- racter. Covers were laid for 140 persons, and the tables absolutely groaned under the weight of the gilt silver plates deposited upon them. For each guest a servant in the royal state livery was in waiting, and even before the guests appeared, the scene in the hall was full of animation and splendour. THE BANQUET. About half-past seven o'clock her Majesty, conducted by the King of Prussia, and fol- lowed by Prince Albert, the Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Sussex the Duchess of Cam- bridge, the Duke of Cambridge, Prince George and the Princess Augusta of Cambridge, the Prince Ferdinand and Prince Augustus of Saxe Coburg, Prince Leopold of Saxe Co- burg, and the rest of the illustrious guests, preceded by the great Officers of State, en- tered St. George's Hall. Her Majesty took her seat in the middle of the table, having the King of Prussia on her right hand, and the Duke of Sussex on her left. At a quarter before nine o'clock dinner was over, grace said, the cloth removed, and a magnificent dessert, containing every deli- cacy, both in and out of season, was placed upon the table. Several pieces of most ex- quisite prepared confectionery, were then served up, and from the profusion of flowers with which they were decorated it seemed as if a gay parterre had suddenly sprung up among the other gay illusions of the scene. The wine sparkled brightly on the board. The Lord Steward then announced as a toast, "His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales." The company rose and drank it standing, her Majesty and the Prince stand- ing at the same time, and bowing their thanks. The band then played " Rule Bri- tannia." A few minutes elapsed, and the Lord Steward announced the next- "The King of Prussia." The company again rose the King of Prussia standing at the same time and bowing thanks. The Duke of Sussex stood awhile after the other guests were seated, and we could not help suspecting that his royal highness was inclined, in spite of court etiquette, to favour the company with a speech. At last he, too, 6at down, and the wine proceeded, the band playing the Prussian national anthem, "Vaterland." The Lord Steward gave, as the next toast, " Her Majesty the Queen," Again all stood, her Majesty among the number, returning her thanks by the most graceful and ani- mated bows. The band played " God save the Queen." The next toast was, " His Royal Highness Prince Albert," when the same ceremony was repeated by all present. The band played the " Coburg March" in the most exquisite style : the bugle notes being most skilfully and exquisitely introduced. At a quarter to ten o'clock her Majesty rose from table, and this was a signal for the ladies of her company to do the same. Her Majesty waited till they were grouped around her, and then returned to the grand reception room. THE CONCERT. At ten o'clock her Majesty, leaning as before on the arm of the King of Prussia, and followed by Prince Albert, who escorted the Duchess of Kent, left the banquetting room, and retired to the Waterloo Gallery, in the gallery of which the musicians of the Queen's private band had previously assem- bled. At one end of this saloon a table had' been placed for the reception of the christ- ening cake, which had been removed, un- touched and entire, from immediately before her Majesty on the dinner table in St. George's Hall. This cake, which was on a scale of magnitude and magnificence quite unrivalled, stood on a silver plateau about thirty inches in diameter, and with its figured ornaments was upwards of four feet high. The base was ornamented with the rose, shamrock, and thistle. Immediately above were medallions in silver of the Queen and Prince, all around alternately with the Prince of Wales's plume. Over the medal- lions were placed the royal arms, while above the feathers appeared the arms and emblems (the harp and leek) of Wales. The upper edge of the cake was corniced with an orna- mental scroll. Above this were six pedi- ments, with three pedestals on the upper- most, on which were placed female figures representing Ceres, Justice, and Plenty, and on yet loftier pedestals appeared Britannia bearing the infant prince, Clio with her historic pencil in hand, and St. David with his harp invoking a blessing on the child. Between these three last figures was the baptismal font, the whole being executed in a style of exquisite art by the chief yeoman of her Majesty's confectionery, Mr. Mawditt. Besides this chef d'oeuvre of contrivance and skill there were on different parts of the table upwards of fifty figures, and other emblema- tical devices, executed in the same style, though not of the same magnitude. All of them appeared as bright as the purest alabaster. There were also fruits of every description \- oranges in slices, peaches with all the freshness of natural bloom, strawberries, raspberries, and every description of cur- rant, all modelled in sugar, and so admira- bly executed as all but to defy the possibility of detecting their composition. On each side of this table other two were placed covered with gold drinking cups, and behind the whole was a fourth table, sup- porting a gigantic punch bowl containing negus. Immediately on the entrance of the Queen a signal was given by the Earl of Liverpool to Mr. Anderson the master and conductor of the band, and a concert of instrumental music was then commenced, and executed by the various performers with consummate taste. During its progress her Majesty arose, and proceeded to the colossal punch bowl, from which a glass of its contents was taken by the Queen to the health of the Prince of Wales an example which was speedily fol- lowed by all present, including the Duke of Wellington and the Princess Augusta. After this the conversation became general, the King of Prussia entering freely into conver- sation with the noble group around him; and, truth, to say, now and then slyly taking a pinch of snuff. Many significant looks were directed towards the cake, and it was at one time expected that the Queen herself would have ordered hostilities to have been commenced against it, but her Majesty ap- peared unwilling to spoil this remarkable specimen of first-rate confectionery, and it therefore remained statu quo. Precisely at half-past eleven, the Queen took her leave of her guests, to whom she made .repeated and graceful obeisances, and, placing her arm in that of the King of Prus- sia retired from the apartment, which was speedily afterwards vacated by the visitors. 