FOREIGN SUMMARY. (From the Atlas.) .Pr'anca.- -The National publishes the "whole, true, and particular account" of how the French vessel, the Aigle, laden with palm oil, was bidden to hold to, on the coast of Africa, by her Majesty Victoria's gun-brig Cygnet, and how the Aigle, not wanting to stop, but anxious to double the Cape, the cruiser sent two shots near her. And then it shows that the Frenchman paused, and was boarded by two individuals, not dressed quite smartly enough to please Monsieur? and one, the Frenclhman-says, was "a little groggy." And finally, that these two sad rogues, having descended to the Frenchman's cabin, exercised the right of search, and satisfied themselves that all was right, departed in good spirits and went their way. The following curious statistics of the French press are published by one of the Paris journals :-In 1812 there were but 45 journals or periodical pamphlets published in Putis. in 1820 they increased to 170 in the commencement of 1830, to 300; ant in the month of August last there existed 403\. This number includes 35 daily jour nals, 05 weekly, 218 monthly, 5 quarterly, 8 appearing three times a week, 31 twice, 8 three times efch month, 4 six times a week, 2 every second day, 3 every five days, and 2 every ten days, 1 every six months, and 4 at irregular intervals. The price of the subscription varies from 120f. to 21t. per annum. As to the subjects on which they treat, without including political mat ters, these publications may be classed in the following order:-15 are devoted to religion (six Protestant, one Israelite,) 29 to jurisprudence, 27 to medical subjects, 14 to natural science, 22 to fashion, 4 to naval subjects, 10 to the drama, 4 to philosophy, 5 to moral subjects, 19 to matters of ad ministration, 28 to education, 37 to litera ture, I to freemasonry, 28 to adAertisements, 18 to agriculture and horticulture, 10 to the book trade, 4 to mathematics, 4 to manu factures, 33 to trade, and 14 to music. Prussia.-The King of Prussia delivered at the banquet given to his Majesty at Treves the following laconic but effective speech:-" There are places which are al ways agreeable, by day as well as by night, in prosperous as well as in adverse circum stances, in the midst of tempests as well as under the influence of the midday sun. This is the point ofview in which I consider my dear city of Treves and its inhabitants. For this reason, therefore, I drink to the prosperity of the good city of Treves. A Strange Alhission.-On the 20th tilt. six females attired in the national costume of Pomerania, presented themselves at the gates of the King's palace, at Berlin, an nouncing that they had been inspired by the Holy Ghost to effect the conversion of his Majesty. The police immediately in terfered, and arrested these persons, who had abandoned their husbands and families. The Prussian State Gazette announces, that the population of the Prussian mo narchy, which in the year 1813 amounted to only 10,349,000 inhabitants, increased in 1840 to 14,928,600 individuals. The Revolution in Servia.-The events transpiring in Servia are full of interest. It would appear from the statements con tained in the German papers that Russia and Turkey, or at least their commissaries, have united in favouring revolutions both in Servia and Wallachia, which have been directed against the princes of both princi palities. Russia and Turkey prefer the boyards, or landed proprietors, to the em ployd party which the princes gather round them. The Angsburgh Gazette, which plays the part of " Dummy," and hears and reports all, but gives no opinion, con tains letters in favour ofboth sides, praising the Russians in Moldavia, and abusing them in Servia. It supplies a history of Prince Milsoch's misfortunes, but does not referi to the chief cause of Prince Milsoch's ruin. "This chief cause," says a contem porary, "was no other than Colonel Hodges, our consul at that time, and now consul general at Hamnburgh." This is one vieWt of the question, but it is desirable that our readers should be better acquainted with the events now taking place in Servia. The United States.-The death of the lady of President Tyler is thus announced in the National Intelligences:-"There is no part of our professidnal duty so painful to us as that of ailnouncing the "departure from this life of individuals of hoiiournible and enviable repute, and whose personal virtues render their deaths deeply afllice dispensations to a lario and aflectiou1 family, and to a wide circle of relatives~ friends. Such is the duty which we 1i1t now to perfbrm, of aiqnouncing the deati of Mrs. Letitia Tyler, wife of the Preshl,-1t of the United States. This most estiinishi, lady was, in life, more truly than we em, represent her in words, a wife, a moithe and a christian-loving and confiding t her husband, gentle and affectionate to he children, kind and charitable to the n!l0. and the afflicted. Deeply impressed i, early life by her highly respected and pis parents with the truthful and heave Ili doctrines of the meek Jesus in all eer actions, with whatever sphere in life cup, nected, self was forgotten by her, and the good of others alone remembered, whjic won for her, wherever she was known, the love and esteem of all. The pure spirit which animated her to such virtues ssg exemplary deeds fled to the bosom of it, God at eight on Saturday night. 