TEE DLP.JTL ON LORD HOWICi'S MOTION. (F-Im dzd :r d2~~ s~a~ i 1ec aa+ ems Utm LI.by aMa, we W=3ahzaz sq, ama 6sebm of is. as. - XscLu caze4 .as. cleszy s&. sevetl p&s; a cti if lt ea if at Esi' rea. tiecawaa at l; ma3:tis aai he1l2 uhe:tk eumnae u v zzs k zsar =anit srmsaitrsta2 but the ptia ai s.g= 1asa to a st~ tii £ifdat _ 7 5zdj=s i~sL3:t me them, iafth ;&dszsr; L~.an the acanme a! Lwk dal FI, ts fua*mme J2ats ascec ites ati bwum .a hti For ate motion itself, if it be looked at as a prac. f+ tical masnre, nothing could be more absurd. That ( the Hase resolve itself into a committee of the whole heose toconasides that part of her }Majesty's b speech vhich relates to manufacturing distress I The tI House stends Eve nichts in debating whebher this r, motion hiall or shall not be carried.' Well; sap- w pose it Ad bees carried. Suppose the Speaker, wig a and all, moved out of the chair, and the Chairman f1 of Ccmaitteese with the hair which nature gave him, e duty intalled in his place. Suppose the House s actually in c tmmittee, and prepared to do its best to c consider the part of her Majesty's speech afaresaid. p What ties h The House has only one way of con. a sideting a subject of such magnitade as that soab- a mitted toit by Lord Howick; and that is, by making 6 speeches-upon it. So that, when reduced to its t practicai dimensions, the motion amounted to nei-. o ther mae nor less than a proposition that the House a should devote five or six days, under the presidency it cf a hose-hair wig, to debating whether it should it devote tie or six days more, under the presidency of human hair, to a repetition of the selfsame topics s and tabes, sneers and aruzments, contained in a c series of speeches delivered mostly by the selfsamne S oraters, and ending in exactly the same practical L result-dsat is-sid. For one parts. as we have a a kind of feelinz that a metion is all the better for a1 meaning semething, we should certainly have voted p against it on the simple ground that it meant L nothing. In times like these-of stern, weighty, a seriums business-it is not it that the attentioes of w the Hoitse and of the public sheald be enraged for a a whole week, or rather for two whole weeks, in t grand party reviews which end in saotiai, and Wre t not intended to end in anything. I Evertone knows, however, that the real messing r of the motiok was, to afford a decent ne- native a grennd, whereon the total repea'ers of the League F and the partial repealers of the Whig creed mizht meet and act in common; utereon the advocates ct t no duty and the advocates of an eight shilling duty might master their forces ia some faint semblance " of harmony against the brcedgellod supporters of a teeporiry sliding scale. The move was of course successful so far; and Lurd Hosie has had the c merit of discoveriuz, by dint of deep thoecht, the a hith-ert, unknown land upon which the united Whig c and Radiral parties can enjoy the blessed comfort of mingling their sighs together - they being is a numbur exactly 191. So that when these parties ( stretch their wims, and rack their invention sad industry to the atmost, they can contrive to put I tngether no more than 191 members; and these, be I it observed, can serve is nothing more definite thane the somewhat abstract propaeition that in weaul resily be very well to di something, ted that, to discover what that something is, it wntld to more advisable to keep en talkiz.z far a foetnicha than fir a week. Proceedings of this degree of cocaistesce hteken, t of wcorse, a very profr:nd and cnfnrtiug 3no2nt of ceherence between the allied forres. Has are the mighty fallen! Thas low has the great Liberal patty of 1P33 sat in tae year 1843! Bet the .debave was sot leas edifyi~z than ._e suis and the d:vtri n. Into the partichlar ar-u* weas breaght far-ard en either side, we har nce s apace ne esnree. The c'rntnnaance of itsa. distress was admitned ca all hands, theogh a conuiserable, hat net very saucc.ssf-l. ea rt was made by the ml. cisteriad pat tc show that it had srasteualiy dram iished since last -ear. Bat the pecaliar ciroaestan:e of tie deste is ae eu-tcntianuv cmae in which the minisisrr seee-d to cr.a each. ete in con. temsaen s de:na iatne.s of the oarn that a paity if coammerhil resaridoa is say teder than a tiint erti an itseff, to he rezov-ed and set asde wins all ccanrz-aent s-peed, and es all conv.eesieat eppwcta. inses. Take the sy ca of 3dr. G ndsc-;e as E stecines of this: The noble iced says thin the lce t of the L.e rubs-trae sbsr~ti he n- open new 8-ins fir the em-* pd- cinent of capital and la:ce.:. I smtee with tie snend l rd. The q. tetween the tnoble iad sand y rights kes. friend, is is aanikrt, is net w het-er restri- tian sbst-ain he ate-uedter rnmcvei, for uoa- that p a-ht they r-a air d in tre naetr;-e it is giav ui-r-er rsas.r-iava abids- be rceisa, Jot iers te arve &rved; is Lie e :jatie (hear) ad thuierg maca hns osrs sa-si atth z-r nue no my rinkt ha:n faend bretaeki:.n the drunrins o free trade, I was :n: nucth s:-ena air the :rmetty :1 sine dactrin-es a fafl z iron my ringt h-r beid (tear, hear) Lrae er derrises, as tie samlys eri rsaa er-e itasi pstaber: tie plice c: tie c-a:try has ten f:sied Inr 25 sea. ups ap s e rat nisnr z a.° ntrn -aadiry. The cAdr rancase is, s: a jr .s rejauas:iea t }a: i is ga newsi af r:sae and es-a gaae iis ulat LOe r om--a un..f 'ea.t air sasatrs' r,:ar f-ta. .a (cheers and c'atr chens). I :ti-wa 1I saw: tat: tot rerase ol cer :m eta wsald. s tae lasg tra, proine., man enritly ny crect, but by isn ceert mean-s, a caruerprrh:zc eta-is- ao cr: exports (hear, hear). I ioa n srinrc ia thre I as .1thui paposainiu, ho-n sti~l I hiinnk stxat, as the parnic-Jrar d::ir-nmaianes ef tnt ca-se that I hate bet-a alsadng ta, tie absiajn ato nh~e pruznipbe nus-n be w-annnzed and gras.dd sy c ranusnanes (near, h~ear, a-m a htagni I caz- e::nertana rae eptiarn cast any ginan t h ter t has sa'x imprts u-io-Id he ahaimanly ansendaad by a cunespainding casease ia rer en pious; hut wk~So I aim-i this pezesmpl, and a. wisting rn redr s-pr a : as a ceneral penanipie. I shasaM Ihe caancas~s ix acting up~r in sesidenly. in a cast chrce 1 in,- than sty Leg ciasses1 Ia. betv-ras worn iepeur6rntt e tie pa-mon stae of tainga (rear. hers. The nesh lard sazi dsat if the argumet was goad an the cast of cannie, i was oeaafly ncl c-as-u i regard to cuar. I alsid ds:n it ma aanhis duc-rst (a Laxg). I is ame man suk sm (r-ease'St 1a--ainr)-, la: I saeinis then meshal po stiranug- s sevuef pvwewraas seat asyiqmo (moer, \- ear, and laiginatr). I 'Sn n4t shrank frea thu art-awl af the gh.:.nr-I tx-sn I kite expressed; I doI swat evadnte tnt icat~sa of she cenrez in t exos il guest .fasrnaus, .me de I iserv tliaa aso I as-v lt as, an the cnesematas- tht corn lawi, hasutnane. as there Lt C cise&n2atce; o peceshaa £~naftsy wath zeug-sa sn theta (hear, hear, and hanginer). The qesdrsntu was whaethe the he .sdtha areeal aS this ceam lass weeHsif inon gslce a Large araso s'S capital a-d laheats maw esngdasrd ins tie cit-atimais d the hand (kerr, bear. beau the am.nizs aartst eahes~hi). If y'a.a gs back asso r s thn ear' 1754.. yuu wil nS tha sires this pseriaslthate hars m~e te lea ses than 25 cars laws. saudii' set imnr sk pmal. soi.j weak. as...g alma, 6.1 .a.hae ur m. l te -npi~ 1tavanrfvrs, thtn yta shmai alt we n -- a Lu idiot a preseaesi piseipl (chains sana basugiinr). That harss .1 :oe ecar law, ha-se beau rhianag' f:an anm ua ti, bins saesessima coy Late bees atain asedn a5.2n pransamoat an ag:i:nitntev, enps'ainasd sam~uein as the uiruaumnanneas af the easany, sad has asurn eenpemnament, asad I will nate ruesern \- n oslazdtm ir uhieat ni Fincps:$t Maggtsiedasthe l pcasfzanzans o'Sa andds. Iiemaas ay absnI5-iwk for say .bstrset aeeeileeo is the psaesar srs taes (laughter). " The first effect of the change, if accompanied by an increase of trade Lhe has already admitted that the increase of our imports mast tn the long u ran produce a correspondig increasein out exports] t would be auended with tie lowering of prices; but at the same time it would give an increased demand a for labour, and would raise wages, and tkas would essble ski lsbauriwg clases to ctmas msro Lrrgsely of agricakural praines (hear, hear). There could be no deubs that more food would be consumed by a people is a state of comparative wealth than in a state of poserty, aad thers wenld be an iareasd demand for start- articles of agrirltaral preduat beside cars (hear, hear). I have not the least hesi* a tation in saying that this is a proposition which no c one on this side of the house will dispute (laughter. and hear, hear). Bar, I ask,-are we, without know ledge, and on mere assertieon, to assume this great increase of trade ?" Two circnastances, and two only, does Mr. Glad stone recognise as obstacles is the way of oar pro ceedinz onwards in the course of relaastion. The I irst is the danger of violently displacing capital and labour already rested in agricultaral employments; and the second is the danger lest foreign nations should not be so ready to open their markets to our 1 produce, as we may be to open oar markets to tAirs. a We are not now undertaking to reply to these specicus semblances of dienit-ies. We merely t wish to saota that these are the oaly groueds on a which sir. Gladstone tales his temsporary objete tion to an inmediate very considerable altera tion in the Ccrn-laws. It'eeds no ghost to tell ] as that the parper made of dealing with a states man, who avows that he is standing only for a time, and from actives of temporary convenience, in a c position from which he is anxious to be removed ia t the very directi:a in which you wish him to go, is, to increase the pressure from withest in the right direction, and to furnish his with stringent reasons t apeteriri for abandoning his post. Can anything he more msiserably deficient in dig city and in stateesmanlike hearing than the condect of our present rulers. They have thrown, or rather are in a process of throwing, the old Tory party over in this matter of trade. Yield they must, sooner or later, to the demands of jestice; and they arvw it. Say, they avow that they are anuiones to 'iell, aid weuld yield at ocee, if they only dare,; Eut to tame te stubborn spirits of their allies is a lear and diErait task. Aid so tie gine goes on pshitly, a:3 before the eyes of all the world. The A::i-ca Law Leagae belabours Sir Robert and -Mr. Gladsaoe with heavy and anendatable blows; aurd the *hole world is allowed to see, that these t -est satusesra hand over so wuch of the drabbing as they thik it prudent to apply to their supporters, to compel them, pr- tasi, to aside common cause with tie Leazae. The asked meaning of these ce-ssamate p'lirscitnt, is this:-" Beat us. press upon es, c _e as with all year vehemence. Give as to rest a-iht or day. For God's sale fanish as with as ear-se fir paeing the screw ea the country ( er_: ra, and then year end and cars will be the ecoer a- m-re eonp erely gaied" " a'.hat a spessnie. we sa astain, is this for the castrry witness with regrd to its gresrning classes. Geryscti- clases ! Garnsin cisarss, wh open'y prchim to t e wend that they camslt g:.ern; that they caoea take the lead; that they ractot do any t:t-ag sowirdas sarkts cat ad e-esoahisn tae courst in which society 'hee4d war-n that .hiy are to the poliui:al erin-eer what ricks are to the civil en imeae, in laying dawn a smasoth roan for the passage of man's fee:-obstadrs thtt are to se bored through as cut dews, tr Sang asde-sr, if as ras case i may fcrtsaately hm, eare heaps of tabsiah obstruct igg tse path, tha: ere to be patehd or shavelled forward, Iest tiny pram teisatres and stosliaag itans to all aie pussersarre. What a specrocie, and wvst a 1-resi, :.e, to all the disctented, ato all the Iansahersinate, the despisess of Ire trnce, the wa liirsers of all sath sty I WaIt a tesean to them to see those whr= they Late as igno ninioasly treated; to ate t eo ansckig in te s-as, uise the igeseb animals is the troet of a prcession, by the pitiless chiees of those weo cone behiad them. There is na bliznitt the mateer. We ti ace discusa the qees a be-ea-a it is past discasaac-.. Bat the wan Smast be blind iideed wha does nit see that, ash. suantially, i crs r lass mest he repealted, beeause, th -i-gi thee arc tat the causes o so rach evil as =cufa-:rrinc (saith-s attribhse to tien they are in priijt easesaliy unjust and ispolitic. Go they mesa; ann when they are pet was, we si-sell like so kzer-, w-il tac na-esd so " the gseer n clases" and say to tanm, " (o` speed yea and bless yeas fl tans bona t There as na sIt ma2. We rets-n tcee to car eezinal positio, chat the oM Tern putT. which trot its stand on ecamersrial sestriresa: td the arisasisac :f the cern laws, is beaten so less i ta the Lie-al pasty; that the eMd party cissmi.rtanoe ate fading away; that tie real basewheld waits, pdysacal and metal, of the balk of the emenanier, are preasiize foward so cans thirj aha~u of ateetncn; that tie quesrtan arising frum these 520 bestieanj ta assme saspe; hass, in this jch~aieaf pettier, tans dearth ofatasnssanoc, this ml stasmedscatrsy of tne ralirg powers, this ae* settlement f odd tars, ante abeseace of any Land pr ose fedemzie po&ey;, all shes shifting etessrnna$ oft ae social ans pedincal c-grs are hastening ss wards sew asificsra are beiab astrarsod kisher a thhabersan ne-c principles, aid bay a ne-claed of a. vuntoz; sin teas aesa a new bored of pa.-tie, aid we may hape, a new eald iaaprsved brewe .1 sarxs. mci, are pepa.mty :re an is the all aeareridig womb of time. Old thigs ha-wa passed, er are pasasng1 sway;t- & 4 a1l thiers shalleam ea A weast we mway say cnn atsisety. if, an alarust ever -eanc of pndrck arid seisety. aew ways are I ie speedily entered upon. and a sew sprie mas~i. SAsred and cheish~ed-Woee wee to an I 