PobMc Gardens.— It is perhaps one of the best evidences of improved taste, and the existence of a philanthropic spirit, when the influential members of a community bestir themselves in the , promotion of public places of recreation and amuse ment, so conducive m proper seasons to afford the mind pure objects for contemplationj and the phy sical energies the required relaxation from the every day occupations of business. The exertions of the Horticultural Society in Launceston to pro mote the formation of a public garden, we are happy to observe is carried on with an energy and spirit, that will ultimately lead to the esta blishment of a place of resort, at once agreeable and useful to the inhabitants, adding to the beauty of the town, and directing the mind to objects beautiful in themselves, and entertaining for study and reflection. His Excellency while in Laun ceston. placed the Government Garden under the care of this Society, and the attention that the gentlemen forming the Committee evince in car rying out the object in view, cannot be too much applauded, or too generously seconded. The services of an experienced botanist have been ob tained to arrange, classify, and develope the re sources placed under his control and guidance. Such an appointment, it is obvious, will tend much to the advancement of the public interest in this popular object; which, under scientific manage ment will become the ornament of the town. The ' society's next show will take place on the 17th instant ; when the event will be accompanied by a tea-drinking. While we are busily engaged in forwarding this undertaking in LaunceBton, our neighbours in Hobart Town are by no means backward in securing themselves a similar boon ; for Sir Eardley Wilmof, with a liberality scarcely looked for, but not the less valued, has conferred upon them the whole of the Government Domain, excepting a reservation of two acres, to be laid out as a park and gardens for the public use. The measures to place it upon a firm and secure basis have not yet transpired, but it is rumoured that it will be placed under the guidance of the Horti cultural and Tasmanian Societies and Meehanis' Institution ; and assisted by the sale of its fruits, the subscription of membership, and a yearly vote of the council will form a sum adequate to support the necessary officers for managing its affairs. The public will thus have secured permanently an agreeable and healthful place of recreation. The Cornwall Chiionicle has reverted (o I lie same Editor, who so long conducted that journal, under certain arrangements satisfactory to those concerned. Whatever may have been the errors (and some of course it must have had) that marked its previous career, we earnestly hope that its future advocacy, either of public rights, or in its defence of private worth, it will be guided by a spirit of conciliation, rather than a wish to se parate into factions and parties, those who would otherwise live in ' peace and good will toall men.' Colonial Revenge.— The last issue of the Government Gazette, contains an abstract of the Colonial Revenue, for the second quarter of 1843, compared with the same quarter of the preceding year. The ordinary revenue exhibits a falling-olf of nearly 3,000, over the second quarter of 1842, for while the former was £27,690 Us. lOd., tlie latter was £24,630 8s. The extraordinary revenue also shows a decrease of £880, that of last year being £28,733 5s. 9d. ; the quarter just under shows 27,853 2s. 5d. The land fund is not equal to second quarter of 1842, by £1408. The civil expenditure of the second quarter, is £1 7,9665s. 3d., showing an increase on the corresponding period of 1842, of £2300, while the judicial exhibited an additional expense of £926. The following shows the state of the expenditure in the other depart ments of the government — SECOKS QOAKTH. SECOND QUARTEH. 1842\. 1843. Ecclesiastical ..£399119 1 — £9257 2 5 Schools ? 2296 4 9 — 2646 3 0 Military ? 67 10 0- 71 3 0 Public Buildings, Bridges, &c...; 1957 13 11— 518 9 9 Miscellaneous .. 10357 18 6 — 140O8 19 10 General Totals £46,340 2 9 £48,132 4 2 Thus showing that when the grand totals are compared, a difference only of £1792 Is. 5(1., is apparent over the second quarter of 1(342. New Inventions. — We can no longer preach ' here is nothing new under the sun,' for every day brings forth fresh attentions and discoveries in art and science. The readers of the Review were lately gratified by seeing an account in that journal of the first voyage of the Aorial Ship in Scotland, which was accomplished with the most perfect safety. The isle of Syke was the place of its descent; and the ghost of Jorgen Jorgenson appeared in the neighbourhood at the same time. In a late number of the same journal ire observe a paragraph giving an account of our New Chief Police Magistrate, Captain Burgess, who, the writer says, lost liis leg at Waterloo, and when amputation took place, said to his servant, coolly smoking his pipe at the same time, 'John, what will the ladies think of me now t' The worthy and gallant captain arrived the other day by the Asiatic, and presented himself to Sir Eardley Wilmot with two legs, walking, for all the world, just like any other Christian, much to the amaze ment of His Excellency, who exclaimed, ' What! Burgess, you walk as though you had never loBt yourlegr 'I do, Sir,' said the veteran, ''but on such occasions as the present, I endeavour to put my best leg forward.' ' Very good.' said Sir . Eaidley, 'tut really I cannot perceive the differ ence, you use the one, to all appearance, as well ns the other— you are made to appear in the Review, after the battle of Waterloo, with but one leg.' ' Ah, sir,' rejoined the captain, ' it is a new invention.' ' Dear me,' said Sir Eardley, ' how very odd, I must have some of the science people to account for this — it is quite a new prin ciple.' 'An' it please your Excellency it is an exact copy from nature,' quoth the captain, 'And a very good one too,' observed the (iovernor. — H. T. Courier. Robbery. — Mr. Ley, the watchmaker in. Charles-streetjhadJjis shop broken into on Mon day night. The thieves however were disap pointed, the valuable property having been re moved. They took therefore, what there was — and for their trouble the police took them : they have entitled themselves to the care of her Ma jesty's goaler. lliVEE Accident.— VTe regret to announce a distressing accidentthat occurred in the Tamar, a few days ago. The eldest son of Mr. Reid of Whirlpool Reach in company with Mr. Simpson, attended by two men were sailing in Swan Bay, when a gust of wind capsized the boat. Al though Mr, Reid reached the shore in safety, his anxiety for those who were clinging to the boat, induced him to swim to their aid; lie suddenly disappeared, and rose no more, sharing the awful fete of his companions, 