ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Court of Requests, Westminster.— Literature for the Lower Orders.— Mr. Edward Dobson, a short, thickset, chubby - faced personage, of about fifty years of age, attired in a rough weather-worn pilot coat, appeared before the Commissioners to answer the summons of Mr. Henry Augustus Wells, a poor, shivering skeleton of humanity, who stated himself to be an author, and whose face was "sicklied o'er with the pale cast" of hunger. The plaintiff stated his claim to be for one pound ten shillings, the value of the three first chapters of three original ro- mances which the defendant had engaged him to write for a certain penny periodi- cal about to be published entitled the "Penny Library of Original Romance," a work of cheap literature for the lower orders. The romances thus to be written were, "Mat Mizen, a Tale of the Sea;" "Alice Lowe, or, the Lady and the Lord;" and "Betsey Bell, the Poor Law Victim;" portions of which amounting altogether to ninety closely-written pages, had been written for and delivered to the defendant, according to his order. — Commissioner (to the defendant); Do you admit this, Sir? — Defendant: I admit the delivery of the quantity, but I object to the quality, as not being what I ordered. The writing is too tame to suit the penny readers. In "Mat Mizen" I wanted a ghost in the first chapter, and then a storm at sea; then in "Alice Lowe" I ordered a startling scene of seduction; and in "Betsey Bell, a scene of misery in a lodging house in St. Giles's, none of which the plaintiff has given. — Plaintiff: It is impossible to throw all the incidents you want into a first chapter. You have got a robbery, two murders, and a sea- fight; and I think, if you will hand my manuscript up to the Commissioner and let it be read —. — Commissioner: What! the whole ninety pages? No; we are not so fond of ro- mance here. You had better settle this matter between you, for we do not pro- fess to be versed in the mysteries of lit- erature. — Plaintiff: If the defendant will give me a sovereign for the ninety pages I'll be content, and I'll bring the ghost and the storm at sea, and the seduction, into the three next chapters. To this proposal the defendant agreed, and having paid the money into court the parties adjourned amicably to a neighbouring public-house, to discuss over a pipe and pot the present state of literature among the lower orders. — National Advertiser. Meeting of Learned Societies. — The Geological Society met on Tuesday last, for the purpose of breaking stones on the Hammersmith-road. Much dissatisfac- tion was expressed at the lowness of the remuneration, seven pence a-day; and as the arguments against it were chiefly of a physical kind, and as, in convincing an obstinate overseer, they broke the bridge of his nose and the Queen's peace, several of them were lodged in the station house of the T division. In the course of their researches an article was discovered, which the ignorant supposed to be a pew- ter quart pot. The initiated, however, declared it to be an ancient sacrificial vessel used in libations, probably to Bac- chus. It has since been converted, by an ingenious workman into silver shil- lings. It was whispered that one "fellow" in a fustian jacket had found some antique copper coins. Whether this report be true we cannot tell, but it appears proba- ble, as he was fined five shillings on the following morning for drunkenness, and a friend, of great experience in such mat- ters, assures us it is impossible to get comfortably drunk on seven pence a day. — Punch. Gates of Ghuznee. — Some of the papers mention the bringing away of the cele- brated gates of Ghuznee, by General Nott as if it were the General's own idea carried into effect; but we are informed that it was one of Lord Ellenborough's instructions to him to bring them back to India, whence, as many or our readers know, they were taken upwards of eight hundred years since by Mahmood the First, on his return from his twelfth and last invasion of the Hindoo land. All may not be aware that they were taken from the famous Brammic temple of Sum- mat in Guzerat, of which Mahmood, having broken up the huge idol, not- withstanding that its priests offered him several crores of rupees (or millions ster- ling) to forego his inconoclastic design, discovered in its belly such store of dia- monds, pearls, rubies, and other precious stones, that the sum offered as a ransom was a mere nothing in comparison— a regular belly-goe that! What the par- ticular purpose of the Governor-General is in having the gates brought back, we do not very well know, but it is probably to send them to England as curiosities and momentoes, for he cannot design to bestow them on any Hindoo temple of the present day (he would raise a loud reli- gious outcry if he did); but it may be intended as a political mark of our final triumph in Central Asia, and one which will exalt the British name in Hindoo estimation for depriving the Mussulmans of such a trophy of their conquest over the followers of Brahma. Mahmood's mace also, with which he struck off the idol's nose, is being brought away from its place at the mosque at Ghuznee to which the gates were fixed. Extraordinary Delusion. — Consider- able excitement has been experienced for upwards of a week past in the little ham- let of West Driosoll, near Feltham, in consequence of a report that a super- natural visitant has made its appearance at the house of one of the inhabitants — The particulars are somewhat curious, as they serve to show the extraordinary workings of the imagination on the minds of the credulous. The individual who is reported to have seen the vision of the inhabitants of another world, there being but one person to whom the supposed spirit has appeared, is the daughter of a carpenter named Wilkinson, residing in the village, and who had been a widower for upwards of fifteen months. The young woman in question, who is in her 19th year, and is at present confined to her bed with what is termed a white swelling, in one of her knees, has, it appears, led rather a depraved sort of life, to the great annoyance of her rela- tives. Her mother, in particular, a short time previous to her decease, called her daughter to her bedside, and after giving her some wholesome advice for the future regulation of her conduct, declared that if her daughter did not reform her dis- graceful career, she, the mother, should not be able to rest quietly in her grave. For some months after the poor woman's decease the daughter appeared to have profitted by her mother's dying admoni- tion, but she shortly afterwards relapsed into her former profligate habits, and which have been indulged in up to the period of her present infliction, which has constrained her to keep her bed for the last fortnight. Between nine and ten o'clock on Monday night last, the neigh- bours were alarmed by the most piercing shrieks issuing from Wilkinson's house. On hearing the screams which proceeded from the young woman's bed-room, Wilkinson, accompanied by the woman who attends to nurse the invalid, rushed up stairs and discovered his daughter sitting up in bed, her features fearfully distorted and her look fixed on the open- ing in the curtains at the foot of the bed. On being asked what was the matter, the invalid exclaimed, pointing towards the foot of the bed, "There, there, mother, mother," and immediately afterwards fell back in strong convulsions. On recover- ing, she stated that she was sitting up in bed sewing, the complaint in her knee not preventing her from attending to various trifling occupations, when chanc- ing to cast her eyes towards the bottom of the bed, she distinctly saw the face of her mother looking intently at her, and that on her own gaze becoming fixed on the supposed apparition, it gradually dis- appeared, and she then gave utterance to the cries that had caused the alarm. On several occasions since the above, the young woman affirms to have seen the resemblance of her deceased mother gaz- ing mournfully at her in one invariable position — namely, from the foot of the bed, and this supposed vision has oc- curred twice during the presence of her father and the nurse, neither of whom have, however, perceived the ghostly visitant. What renders the affair the more singular is, that there are no symp- toms of the delirious affection exhibited by the patient, and there is not the slightest reason for supposing that she wishes to play off any trick or deception, and, in all probability, the effect of the dying admonition of the deceased woman, coupled with the circumstance of the young woman's mind being reduced to a reflective state by the infliction under which she labors, has acted strongly on her excited imagination, and so produced the phenomena above described. — Times, January 7. Novel Treatment of a Fracture. — In the course of a forenoon ramble along the north beach, lately, we came upon the cottage of as original a pair of ancients as it was ever our lot to "forgather" with. The patriarch, about four-score, stands as erect as a bulrush, with a hale healthy look and unbroken set of ivory, such as our forefathers used to sport, who could lift a goodly sized keg of whisky by seizing it with their teeth. "David," for such is the name of our hero, had missed his footing and fallen on the Black Rock, by which two of his ribs were broken; and the following narrative of his treat- ment was delivered with great animation, in answer to our query whether he had not sent for a doctor? "Doctor! — deevil! na, na, I ne'er tried doctors a' my life, an' Ise no gaun to begin now wi' them and their trash o' drogs! Na, na, I just wars'lt my ways hame, thou sees, and the wife and me fan' out that the twa bits o' ribs was broken, and Sarah gied me a wee soup o' whisky, thou sees, and that warmed a' my inside ; and then we got heaps o' flannen and sweelt it about my breast, and that keepit a' warm outside; and then Sarah gied me another glass o' whisky, and that men't me up like, and keepit a' warm; and than, as I thocht ma ribs were bent in, I filled my- self fine and fou o' meat — heaps o' grand warm meat — and that keepit a' straught in the inside ; and then I tied a cord about me, and that keepit the banes fine an' ticht outside; and we just workit on that way, keeping a' things fine and warm and straught outside and inside, till the ribs gat time to mend, and now they're as weel as ever they were." The funny old fellow finished his narrative with a smile of triumph, as he added, "Na, na, they'll no torture me wi' their bondages and their physic; I'm as auld's the maist o' them, in mair ways than ane." — Ayr Advertiser. Tit for Tat.- — The Rival Managers. — The lessee of Drury (says the Drama- tic and Musical Review ) having printed the name of a distant relative of the lessee of the Haymarket in a line by itself, and in very large type, as Mr. Web- ster, though he is but a youth, and has always danced as Master Arthur, the lessee of the little theatre has, after a diligent search throughout the metropolis, succeeded in meeting with a tailor named Macready, and has announced in equally conspicuous type, the characters of Bull- dogs, in Alma Mater, by Mr. Macready and Mr. Santer! We have not heard whether the tailor claims any relationship with the tragedian. 