POPULAR PORTRAITS. SIR JAMES GRAHAM. Here is her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department — an announce ment that in former times would, as regards Sir James Graham, have made some men '??*?? stare. And wonder haw the devil be gat there.' Now. however, it wakes not even as much njjiu surprise as Auruia ivauy uesiuweu on the ghost story in Don Juan. The fact is, that with the progress of events great changes of opinion became visible in the moon of politics, and even the most con sistent philosophers do riot always find it convenient to live in the same quarter. We do not, therefore, ' speak it as a re proach' that Sir James Graham should have been at the admiralty under the Whigs, and in Downing-street under the Tories, but rather prefer to see him meddling with a secretaryship than with any of the ships of our beautiful navy. We believe he was born a farmer — at least the title of English farmer is one of which he used to be proud — but that does not qualify a man to super intend theplotighing of the main. That is quite a different style of agriculture. Now, although Sir James Graham is, for many reasons, not the man of whom we can afford to write in terms of profoundest reve rence, yet he is much more entitled to con siderable respect than many people we wot of who have been abused in print 'to the length of the tether of a column;' and moreover, he has just now won something like a spark of affection from us for imposing upon the Dover magistrates the pleasant task of reading to their elaborate Cropper of a gaoler the marked dissatisfaction of the Home Secretary at the course which the -said magistrates thought him so abundantly justified in pursuing. The gaoler probably only grinned away the punishment of bis ruffianism when hearing this new version of the ditty of ' Croppies lie down ;' but the magistrates must have looked very like people in a pillory while they were singing it. Meanwhile it is clear that Sir James Graham must have perused ourenjoinments to the Home Secretary in this affair; and no minister who reads the Illustrated News can be thoroughly contemptible, let him be assisting to govern for what party he may. We are, therefore, going to stand in the ' In media tutissimus ibis' principle, and take a middle course. It is quite true that Sir James Graham began his career as a politician in what we call ' strong termsjt' He was in love with the last French revolution, and his notions of reform travelled in seven leagued boots. He was of a good family too, had personal station and respectability to back him, with a great deal, of talent to throw, into the scale. He was a good farmer and not a bad orator ; a baronet; a member of Par liament, a debater, and Vhomme distingui of the semi-radical party. The en avant people placed much hope in him, and put him into the trio with Lord Stanley and the Earl of Durham. Office, however, is a. great abator of po litical violence; and although we believe, save .in so far as ambition it concerned, it would have as little influence, over the, opinions tfi gir iJ^mes 'Gjflhwia ias joyer those of any pother well-educated and inde pendent gentleman, yet there is no harm in mentioning that, from flic moment he took the Whig direction of the Admiralty, he did not, politically speaking, clap on so much sail. His tone grew gradually mode rate ; and it was we think, very proper that it should. We forget who it was that, speaking of the infirmities of human nature in regard to office, went so fair as to declare even of the Radicals that their patronage of the Charing-cross tailor was entirely at tributable to ' their regards for place.' In this capacity Sir James has with the exception of two or three faux pas in minor points of domestic legislation, such as being too merciful to blundering magistrates and on one crctasion too favourable to a ' criminal of condition,' acquitted himself to the satisfaction of the community, and maintained the dignity of his position in the eyes of society. But there is one dreadful drawback against any excellence that may attach to his general character as a Home Secretary, and that lies in his ob stinate adherence to the cruel principles of the Poor Law Bill — a measure which the election speeches of the Conservative mem bers almost promised us to sweep! away, but which the Conservative Ministers still retain in all the glaring enormity of its in justice and oppression. There never can beany lasting popularity attaching to the memory of a ' New Poor Law Home Secretary.' But as Sir James Graham grew more moderate he grew also more firm in his purpose of moderation. He began by with drawing himself into the snail-shell of Whig gism; and when the Whigs wanted to hurry themselves, and were ready to yield to any ' element of popularity,' they could not draw him out of it again. Me would not travel with them on their radical railroad. He left office, or office left him, or both, and one fine afternoon, when some dose was proposed that seemed too strong for him, he and Lord Stanley stalked, passibus equis, bang over to the benches of the op position. It is only due to say for Sir James Gra ham, that upon those benches he several times distinguished himself greatly in debate. He made several remarkable speeches, and there was much force and eloquence in what he said upon many questions of im portant policy. He also delivered a splendid oration in Cumberland, giving a general show up of his former colleagues and their march on the road to ruin, and in this he fairly committed himself emphatically to Conservative principles he has since re mained, and when the Peel phalanx marched into office, and formed square in Downing street, there he was, and there he is, Secre tary of State for the Home Department. 