THE COMET. UP! up to the sky! the starry sky! its bright effulgence shone, Amid the shining myriads there, the only lovely one; And the column of shadowy beams it shed, in its spectral beauty seem'd, Like the memory of the eager hope, our raptured boyhood dream'd. Up! up! to the sky! the starry sky; where in dreams we love to dwell, Where the sadden'd heart and the mournful soul their tale of sorrow tell; The starry sky where faith and love have rear'd their holy shrine, The home of our earthly visions, the end of our dreams divine. Wild and mysterious stranger, that dared unquestion'd come, Within the hallow'd precincts of that bright and glorious home; What art thou, and whence comest thou, and what thine errand here, Usurper of the realms on high, in thy beamy robes of fear? Dost thou come like the mantled prophet, in the mystic days gone by, Fraught with thy dire foretellings, from the glorious reign on high; Or as the pillar of fire which led the Hebrews on their path, Unto the promised land of rest, through scenes of fear and wrath? Herald of mighty changes, dim and portentous star, Will thou bear a message from the earth to the shining orbs afar; Wilt thou speak her mournful greeting to her brother worlds on high, In thy wild and trackless pilgrimage through the broad unbounded sky? Tell, tell them as thou shinest, that sorrow like a veil, Hath shrouded with its sadness, her face so dim and pale; That the murmurs of her voice were fraught, with human woes and fears, And that all the signs upon her were the signs of grief and tears. Go, go, thou shining wanderer, away on thy mystic path, The wreck of some shatter'd system, doom'd by its Maker's wrath; Ghost of some realm departed, shadow of worlds gone by, Away on thy phantom errand, thou dazzling mystery! Speed on thy lonely journey, where brighter planets reign; And when, in thine own period, thou seekest the earth again, Thy beams on the graves shall glimmer, pale star of awe and dread, Where the eyes that now gaze upon thee lie mouldering and dead. E. K. S. March 11, 1843. Clll ItCH 01 1 NOLVMI-Í5T ANDREWS-It has been found, in consequence of the i ipid increase in the nun boisol tin congregation, thnl the temporal) building erected nein Si Andrew s Cathedral is not sufliciLiitly lnr(,c li will be lemembeicd, thal the building was put up on i seale to necommoilnte two him drednnd cighl) poisons and it has been over ctowdid tiei since it vras first opened There is at) ultim iii lobe madent the east end thal is fronting George stroet, of n transept running north ind south fifi; five feet in length b) twent) five in brctdt'i, httviiig a gallery at eichend foi the iiceommotl ition if schools ni conncMnn with the Church Ibis alteration will ufloid nccon modnlion foi about lince hundred and fift) persons moro than the pre- sent buildmp A fine wintlow, loin teen leel high by seven wide, filled in with stained glnss, «ill front Gool gc street Hie chiiuccl undei the window will he ttvent) file feet lung b) nine wide Hie present gallery at the western omi is lo be made double Us pic suit width ten feet instead of five, and a new vestry is in com se of building, the present hung so smnll (hut uosuflicicnt accommoda lion isaffbidcd A new and lal get poieh is also in couiso of crccltuu Tho estimated cost nf the addition is £150, which has to be raised b) volttutniv contributions lui Asslmiil; Mali -file foundation and other sloncwoik for the new Assembly II ill me veiv near!) finished, and it was aniici paled that the brickwoik would have been finished on Satin day next had it not been for the rain, which has puta slop to the opera- tions ol the buildeis lhere is no doubt, hovvcvei, that Ihe building will bo finished by the time which was originally fi\ed fot its completion Aiiointments-The following notice ap peni ed in lust fticsdn) s Goicrmiunt Gazette ?' The Hifcht Woishipful the Mnyoi of the Cit) of S)dnc) in pinsunnce ol the povvci vested in him, b) an \et of the Governoi mid Legislative Connell of New bunill Wules, passed m the 6th )cai of the Reign of Hci Majesty Queen Victona, intituled, 'An Act to provide for the division of the Colon) of New Smith Wales into Llcctoial Distncts, and foi the Flection of Members to sei ve in the Legislative Council, bus appointed the foi lowing persons to make out a list, to be called the 1 lecloinl List of persons entitled to vote in 1 lections foi Members of Council, m los pect lo pinpcrty within the 1 lectoial District of S)dney, ;i/ Gippi Haul-Mr Henry Smeathmnn, Mi John Hume Jiom/i s Haul-M- Gcoigo Sippi, Mr lohn Monng Umbaue li atti-Mi William Herd, Mr lohn Peck Mac ¡narie Waul-Mr Jeieiniah M'Giohnn, Mi 1 rancis Low Cook i Ward Ml Cohn Pentland Mr John IJylun Phil- lips Hard -Mt William Cm rey, Mr Hoheit Bourne Cham is II Giiamdkiis, town Cleik lunn Clerks Office, S)dney, 10th March, 1813 1 isii as an Artici e oi Diet-lish is n most linpoitant aiticle of food, and m all parts of the woild affords-uno of the pinicipil means of subsistene to people lesiding near the coast», on the shores of lukes, or on the hanks of livers the more noi them parts of 1 mopp, Asia and America, produce very ft w nutiitiuus vegetables, and the inhabitants of those ploccB would die of famine if ti ey were unable to procure fish in creal abund- ance Tish contains large quantities of ulbu minoMB and gelatinous maller, which are fic qucntly united willi a considerable poition of oil, though nutritive it is light, and not stiimilnting, «nil tlicrcfprç is often pi Rieot service as an article of food lo invalid). It doss not favour the rapid development of the solid parts ol'the body, on which accou it the jockeys of our race-courses, during the lime they aro frying to reduce their weight, live principally on it. The ancient Egyptians and Syrians abstained altogether from fish. Py- thagoras prohibited his disciples from ealing it ; and the (¡reek heroes considered it n kind of folly to induce effeminacy, and therefore unworthy of a mau. The early Homans entertained similar opinions respecting fish, mid seldom ate any : though at a Inter period of their history ii seems to have been a very favourite kind ol' food with them, mid they partook of several kinds, such ns the iloe,lish, echinus, starfish, mid porpoise, which ave now seldom eaten in Europe.-Dr. 'Trueman on Food. ORIGINAL POETRY.--A correspondent, who says he knows that we are delighted with poetry, the composition of a sun of the soil, has favoured us with some "Lines by a young Australian, extemporaneously written upon his sister hitting him with a poker." The lines sent us are only the commencement, but we are promised the "hole" if we insert that which has been sent. We are sorry we can- not oblige our correspondent, but in order that our readers may have a taste of his quality, we insert the last four lines of the first part:-- And then I fell with a great yell, And then I cut my stick, And home I goes to tell my woes, My head is not so thick. Sions or the Timfs.-Mv. C, Willinms, the auctioneer, who filed his schedule n few days since, could no1 get tho valuator of his pro- perty to affix any value upon his cottage mid farm, situate in a very pretty spot on the banks of the Yarro, close to town. The pro pert}', including the improvements, cost the proprietor, about two yenrs ago, upwards of £1800. The valuator said, that after the fruitless attempt to sell Glenferrie the other day (which cost ii similar sum) for £350, he really could not say that Mr. Williams's pro- perty was worth tiny thing ! Verily, things have como to n pretty pass.-Port Phillip Iferald. Hook Sall-Mr. Heydon of King-street, will have ti sale of books, maps, prints, &c.;, to-night, as per ndvcrtUcnijnt.-Communi- cated. Regina v. Gordon and Others.-This case, which has occupied four days; was concluded yesterday by the observations of counsel, Darvall and Fisher on behalf of the dofend anls, and Mr. Broadhurst'« reply in support of the prosecution. The defendants called no witnesses, relying on (he absence of _ any prima facie case «gainst them. The presiding magistrate, Mr. J. li. Brenan, nt the close of the proceedings, slated, that he should examine the evidence on behnlf of Iho prosecution before ho should make any decision, nt the samo time suggesting that he did not ns yet sec any evidence of any criminal intent on the pint of the defendants, Messrt. Ogg and Clark, alihough some of the statements which appeared to have been mnde by Mr. Gordon were not apparently justified. The decision will be given to-morrow at eleven o'clock. The Court or Quarter Sessions.-This Court continues its sittings In-day. About forty cases have been disposed til, of which about twenty-four terminated in the pri- soners being discharged. In the other cases, short sentences to the ticndmill, female fac- tory, or gaol, were awarded. Melancholy Accident. - Mr. E. S. Hughes, formerly collecting clerk to Messrs. Lovicks mid Younger, of Sydney, was drowned whilst crossing the Uiver Hawkesbury a few days since, at the place known a3 the Punt ; ho was assisting a stockman lo get his callie across the river, and being unable to swim was aceitleiilolly drowned, owing to the over- flow of the river. The Police Court Business.-Yesterday there wore fourteen cases on the general list, of which thirteen were remanded, and John Stapleton, who was in custody for being dis- orderly in the street, was discharged. The drunkards' list contained nine cases, of which two were discharged, four paid 11s, each, one had the choice of paying a guinea, or grinding for forty-eight hours; and George Donald, and Joseph Chowne, each paid a guinea for a discharge. 