DISTRICT COUNCILS. By one of the arrivals of the week, we received a file of Portland Bay newspapers for the month of Janu- ary. The district appears gradually improving, and the town appears to be entirely free from that inor- dinate system of land-jobbing, which is the bane of most new settlements. There are two well-con- ducted journals, "The Portland Mercury," and "The Portland Guardian," extracts from which will be found in the fourth page of this morning's "Herald." (By a typographical errror, the ex tracts are headed" Geelong," instead of "Portland Bay.") The "salt beef question," we perceive, is exciting considerable interest in that, as well as other districts of the colony. The papers before us have long articles on the new Bill, which on the whole they approve of, particularly that portion relating to the formation of District Councils. The above editorial paragraph we have copied verbatim front the Sydney Morning Herald. It has innocently given a sham plea to the Mercury to manifest the contempt in which, its conductor would fain induce his readers to believe he holds the Guardian; and further it has suggested to him the opportunity of reiterating his crude notions regarding the appointment of our Dis- trict Councils. The Mercury would, if it could discover any erroneous statements we might have made on our first glance at the subject; but though it has the disposition it is without the power; and its misrepresentations are to feeble, that but little thought is required to ex- pose them. We did not positively say that the Governor having "nominated officers merely to bring the corporations (Melbourne and Sydney) into exist- ence, and to place them in working order, so also would he act respecting the District Councils." We thought that probably he might do so. We expressed a doubt on the point; and until the intentions of His Excellency were better known, we deemed it but fair to judge of his future pro- ceedings by his past. What we truly said, without our words being garbled, was as follows: "Beside it is only fair that we judge what the fu- ture proceedings of the Governor will be in forming the New District Councils by his past movements in his framing the late City and Borough Councils. In the Municipal affairs of Sydney and Melbourne, His Excellency nominated officers merely to bring the Corporations into existence and place them in work- ing order, but manifested no wish otherwise, or unduly to interfere with the elections. He betrayed no symp- toms that he wished to thrust his nominees into the Corporation Councils, or to meddle unbecomingly with their proceedings; and it is but honest that until we have something like a disposition manifested on the part of the Governor to a contrary course, that we should not harbour a jealous suspicion that he will attempt to act otherwise, in regard to the District Corporation and Council soon to be brought into ex- istence." We never asserted what the Mercury endea- vours to delude its readers with as our sayings: "The same paper, at the same time asserted that the Act would not authorise His Excellency to do otherwise, and that if he did, it would be an ' unjustifiable proceeding" Where did we ever say so? W!hy did not the Mercury quote fairly our words? We defy its conducter to point out in any of the articles we have written, that it would be "an unjustifiable proceeding in His Excellency to do otheriwise than to bring the District Councils into existence, and place them in working order, as His Excellency did in the munlicipal affairs of Sydney and Mel- bourne." Our words fairly quoted are- "The opinion that the Governor has the power to continue in office for three years, the first District Councillors, which he will necessarily have to nomi- nate, is one, that though there may appear to be some foundation for, there can be no reason of any alarm on account of. The Act, though it does not absolutely prohibit the exercise of such a power, does not appear in the least to contemplate its use, or would authorise his Excellency in the employment of, and while the Governor might possibly, by an ultra stretch of authority in some extreme case, fix his own nominces in office for the time mentioned, there are so many guards and checks against the evils that might be supposed to arise from, and be intended by such an unjustifiable proceeding, that the evil would be rendered powerless and inefficient to inflict mis- chief to any noticeable degree." The "unjustifiable proceeding" to which we alluded in our paragraph just quoted, is not as the Mercury has it, his Excellency's acting other- wise in the formation of District Councils, than the bringing into existence the Municipal Cor- porations of Sydney and Melbourne; but the " unjustifiable proceeding" is predicated of ano- ther proposition, namely-the power of His Ex- cellency to continue in office for three years, the first district councillors. And what we thought and wrote in January, we thi?k and write in April: that it would be an unjustifiable proceed- ing in his Excellency to adopt as an universal rule the continuing in office 3 years district councillors of his own nomination ; though we do not think it would be at all an unjustifiable proceeding for His Excellency to act otherwise in the formation of the district councils than he did in the for- mation of the corporations of Sydney and Mel- bourne. The two propositions are distinct in themselves, and can only be confounded by such a conglomerated mind as that which penned the paragraph, under consideration, in the Mercury. The terms are shifted by that journal, not in the subtlety of a logical dispute, but in the blundering ignorance of its half-witted pages. The Mercury, after this feeble attempt to falsify our statements, proceeds in essaying to show the justness and correctness of his own- " We ever," says the journalist "insisted that the Governor by the Act had full power to do more than 'merely to bring the first district councillors into ex- istence, and place them in working order,' and there- fore, it was that we anticipated the appointment and proceeding wilth considerable dread." The Mercury insisted that the Governor had power to continue in office for three years the first councillors, and there are but few of the readers of that mystifying journal whose memo- ries will fail them in recognizing the boastful expressions which, in the heigh day of its glory it gave utterance to:- "Now," says the MERCURY of the 18th January, "we would just ask our erudite friend to be good enough to state from what particular part of the Act, or by what mode of general construction of the doc- ument, does he infer that it would NOT 'authoorise his Excellency in the employment of such a power?' We have minutely examined all the clauses, and whether taken separately or as a whole- whether construed literally or considered as according to their general spirit, there is not a single sentence to war- rant the assertion that the act would NOT authorise his Excellency in the employment of the power, which rests upon the "some foundation" of Royal authority to continue in office for three years those district councillors which 'he will necessarily have to nominate'. But a new light has burst upon the Mercury. Its "three years" in January, is, in April, con- verted into "full power to do more than merely to bring the first district councils into existence." What pitiful shuffling to hide a blunder, is here made! What an awkward attempt to impose upon the readers of the Mercury! What ridic- ulous asses must the conductor think the people of Portland are, to be imposed upon by such ill- managed sophistication! The Mercury, in dis- cussing the provisions of the New South Wales Act, could not discover any clause restraining the Governor from exercising the power of con- tinuing his nominees in office for three years. The editor took some pains, it would appear, to arrive at the truth, but unhappily missed it. He first gave the Act a general perusal, by means of which he wrote an elaborate article as to its evil bearing upon the district. Some state- ments that he at that time made being dis- puted, he determined diligently to enquire of an "eurdite friend" as to the disputed point, but not being satisfied with his friend's answer, the diligent, but unfortunate enquirer resolved to try his own powers of ratiocination, and to take the clauses of the said Act into his thoughtful consideration. These he "examined"; he minutely EXAMINED them; he minutely EXA- MINED ALL of them; he took them separately, but could not find the check, we spoke of, to the Governor's power. Then he tried to find out the secret by lumping all the clauses " as a whole" but with the same success; his patience not ex- hausted, he "construed" the causes "literally;"' but no: the ghost of the Governor's " three years" power, stared him in the face; and as a last resort, he considered the clauses accord- ing to their " general spirit". But, alas! the Mercury, after bestowing so much pains and la- bour, in search of some phantom on which the Guardian had seized, gave up the pursuit and came to the well- considered conclusion, " that there is not a single sentence to warrant the as- sertion that the Act would not authorise his Ex- cellency to continue in office for three years those district councillors which he will necessarily have to nominate." What trouble the Mercury took to find a mare's nest. "The dread" under which the Mercury labors is perfectly groundless; its editor may calm his fears. The gentlemen whom the Governor will nominate to constitute the first counncil in this district, if a council we are fortunate enough to obtain, will be those whom the electors them- selves would choose, were the choice to be left to them. The list of candidates in so recently formed a district as this, cannot be very bewilder- ing, as to variety of selection. We have no doubt that the Mercury is a little nettled at the blabbing, tell-tale "list of electors" which that mischievous officer, the Chief Constable has got up and caused to be made so public. Some fa- vorite names, probably, are not honored in that list as the Mercury wishes. The qualification under which they are set down, precludes their becoming councillors; and that this should be offending to the Mercury is to us no cause of surprise. But we can assure its editor, for his comfort, that the corporate business of the dis- trict will not be neglected, nor the residents bur- dened through the absence of any name in a Port- land corporation, whom he might be anxious to see honored; Those whom we have; on a previ- uos occasion mentioned as having the proper qualifications for a seat in tihe council of this district, have more at stake of fixed capital in the town, than any others the Mercury can name. We venture to say those gentlemen will neither rob themselves nor the district. Their names are a sufficieint guarantee of their probity. Will they, we ask him, vote away "the money of the settlers unnecessarily?" Will their council con- duct be such as to cause any to be "frightened at the name?" Say not "no, no, we are quite well enough without a district council to add to our other burdens." Well enough! What can the Mercury mean? Is it "well enough" to be robbed? Will it be "well enough" to be thrown on the tender mercies of Melbourne, and to be obliged to submit to "burdens" such as a Mel- bourne council would lay upon our district loins? "Well enough" to be left with bad roads in our own district, while we are contributing to the formation of good roads in others! "Well enough" to let others spend our money for us, in preference to the spending it ourselves! These absurdities may be "well enough" for a journal, which is ceaselessly betraying its secret partialities for other districts, to advocate, but it will be hardly "well enough" for those who have a permanent stake in the welfare of the district. 