BUSH YARNS, BY FUBBS,--No. 2. PAT FAGAN'S JOURNEY OVERLAND TO TIMOR. (Continued.) Having brought Pat Fagan in propria persona be- for our readers, we shall now proceed with his yarn, as well as we can remember how to relate it, in his own peculiar style, taking especial care to omit all the ex- traneous expletives of an Irish story, which are calcu- lated to offend "ears polite." "You must know," said Pat, "that I, like every other prisoner of the Crown, who has ever come out to this blessed country—which, with respect to you, I verily believe, is the last place the Almighty made, being, as it were, next door to Hell's corners—was sent here for nothing; not but I often deserved to be sent before, but the time I was caught I did not de- serve it. By my soul, if it were not the case, I'd make no secret of it now it's all over, and I have been home and out again. Well, do you see, about fifteen or six- teen years ago, I went with Tim Murphy, Mike Dogherty, and a few other 'lads of the village' in which I was born, just only to help them in driving home and slaughtering a cow, belonging to a fellow that was rolling in riches in that same town, one fine moon- light night when every one was quiet. Well, oh lord! surely, if we hadn't the work with that tarna- tion old cow. Tim and Mike had hold of the horns of the beast, and myself had the tail of it twisted round my arm, and all the time they kept pulling and hauling the head of the beast, to keep it from looking back after a bastely calf that was bleating all over the country, and following us to bring the Peelers on us, why I kept screwing the tail of it, and pounding its hind quarters with my fists, to make it go on. Oh! it was the devil's job to persuade that old cow to come home with us. But we got her down to Judy Bryan's cabin on the road, just hard by Balruddery Bridge, when who the devil should we disturb, but the ducks and geese asleep under the bridge, and the people in the cabin, and, what did they do, bad luck to them! but rush out with pitchforks and shilelahs, threatening to murder us, because we disturbed them out of their first sleep. Well, the Peelers were alarmed with the shouting and the swearing, and the cackling of the geese, and the lowing of the cow—for I held her fast by the tail, and Tim and Mike pulled for dear life at the horns of her—and the bleating of the calf—and the whole lot of them, men, women and children, running after us, half-naked, half-drunk, and half-mad, roaring like devils, that the French had landed at Killala, and were scouring the country, devastating it with fire and sword. Oh! by the powers, says I, to Mike and Tim, we'll be murdered outright, my jewels, for traitors, Rockites, or Frenchmen, if we don't make ourselves as scarce as possible; pull away, Mike, cut away, Tim, says I, and devil blow me if I don't twist the tail off of her, if she doesn't stand true to us now, and take us out of the hands of the Philistines. And, by the powers of Moll Kelly, but she did stand to us, for she ran as if St. Patrick himself had kicked her, dragging the three of us over hedges and ditches, through bogs and dikes, until she landed us high and dry in a tan-pit, just by Jim Sullivan's, the tanner. Well, there we lay snug enough, barring the tan liquor was turning us into subjects of the Emperor of Morocco every minute, and the smell of it was not so pleasant as we could have wished; but, what of that, the hue and cry passed us on the wrong scent, and it was the devil's work to keep the beast from moaning, (for, I believe, she frac- tured a rib or two in the fall, which, however, was not much consequence, as her days were drawing to a close,) so they passed by. However, we escaped, leaving the cow in the pit, with her throat cut, to pre- vent her from dying an unnatural death, or being smothered in the tan-liquor, and off we scampered to join in the pursuit. Some swore we were foreigners, seeing the tawny color of our skins with the tan liquor; our shaggy beards begrimed with dirt and blood from the cow that we slaughtered; and what made them sus- pect us most was, that Pat Costello, the butcher, who was with us, had his long-bladed slaughtering knife stuck in the leathern belt that kept up his crackers, and it all stained with the blood of the cow. 'Oh! ye murthering midnight robbers,' says the serjeant of the Peelers, 'we've caught you, have we; oh! ye parley vous blackguards, and is it come to murder us in our beds you are. Sur- render, you blood-thirsty spalpeens, and be hanged in dacency, if you don't want to be blown inside out with the contents of our holsters.' " Well, it was no use denying the challenge, so we surrendered—were tried for setting fire to a house, and murdering an infant in its mother's arms, in another part of the country—bad luck to me if I could ever find out where, never having been at the place in my life. Poor Pat Costello was hanged for the murder; the knife having been identified, with the innocent blood (of the cow) on it, but Tim, Mike, and myself, got off with a lagging for fourteen years each, on its being proved by the bystanders, that they had hold of the beast by the horns, and I by the tail, trying to drag it away from Pat Costello, who, being a butcher, wanted to be after murdering it as well as the child, to make out that he didn't do it. Sure we knew he didn't, but what was the use of our saying anything; and we knew poor Costello's ghost would be comforted after they found the carcase of the old cow, with its throat cut in the tan-pit—I never knew whether they ever did or not. Well, after I came here, I was put into a gang to work, up to my knees in water—it was at Mr. Busby's bore, and a confounded bore it was to me, who had not been accustomed to such laborious employment for many previous years, and there I met Joe Brady, bad luck to him, who spun me a fine yarn about his navi- gating his way to Timor, with a crew of his fellows, by sea, when he pretended he had made the discovery that it was joined to New Holland by a narrow neck of land, the point of which just looked for all the world like a big tree, he said, sticking up in the water. 'Ah! then, Joe, jewel,' says I, 'why didn't you stay there when you went.' 'Oh!' says he, 'we cast ourselves away at Valparaiso, and shipped on board a homeward- bound craft as shipwrecked mariners; but I soon got among my old pals again, was grabbed, and sent back— and, by all that's good, they had a mind to hang me, for being absent without leave.' 'Oh! there's time enough for that, Joe, jewel,' says I, 'but, if you think we could find out the road, sure, and I'm the boy that's your man for an exploring expedition.' 'Agreed,' says Joe, 'I know every inch of the way, and I'll stand to you like a Briton if you come with me.' So the next morning, Joe, and I, and three others, who agreed to join us, started out of the gang, and took the direc- tion of the South-head-road, across the Race-course, pursued by the police. The three other chaps, not being so nimble on the foot as Joe and myself, were overtaken, and captured, but we lay down among some bushes, holding in our breath, and panting like hunted hares, while two fellows rode round and round us, holloing and cracking their long whips about our ears, like the reports of percussion caps, but when they got tired of galloping round the hills, they returned with those they had taken to Hyde- park Barracks to be dealt with. We proceeded on our way until even- ing, going, as Joe Brady assured me at every step, the direct road to Timor, when it occurred to us, for the first time, that we required some provisions for the journey, just as we reached the top of a high hill, from which we had a view of Sydney, and the steeple of St. James', for we had been walking round and round the hills all day, instead of going straight ahead, but Joe Brady said, only he was frightened out of his wits by the mounted constables, we ought to have been at Parramatta, instead of where we were—and, indeed, when we got a glimpse of Woolloomoolloo Bay through the trees, he was sure it was the Parramatta River, or the main ocean. 'Well, bad luck to you, Joe Brady,' says I, 'is this the way you are going to take me to Timor, and I starving all day, and toiling through bushes and rocks, thinking myself fifty miles on the way to Timor, and here to find myself not half an hour's walk from the spot we left this morning.' 'Well, it's all for the best, may be,' says Joe, 'for if we had gone on, we might have been caught, or, what would be as bad, starved to death; and now, as it is near supper time, you had better go into Sydney, and buy a couple of loaves with the few shillings we have.' 'Very well,' says I, and in I walks as bold as brass-- gets the loaves, and returns to my brave Joe. When I returned, I found he had kindled a fire near the beach, surrounding it from the sea breeze with bushes, and, having eaten our bread, and washed it down with spring water, we composed ourselves to rest, intending to make a fresh start at daylight on the following morn- ing, on a different route. Being only a new churn in the bush, and wearied with the fatigue and fright of the day's proceedings, I could not sleep, but lay with my hand under my head, gazing at the stars. Brady was sound asleep and snoring in a minute, when I heard a rustling among the leaves and branches around, and raising myself on my elbows to ascertain the cause, I perceived the diamond eyes of what I have since dis- covered to be a carpet snake, gazing intently on me. At first I thought it was some kind of ah outlandish fish, that had come out of the water, and I shook Brady out of his sleep in great glee, to help me to cut off its retreat to the water, that we might catch and kill it for supper—but, just as I had nearly caught it by the gills like an eel, Brady started up, and, giving a shout that might have been heard at the opposite shore, struck me, a blow upon the head with a lump of a stick that nearly staggered me—but, my jewel, it was all a mistake—he meant to kill the snake, so I forgave him. (To be continued.) 