AMlERICAN NOTES. -o We will give Bea's first impressions of game of the American towns, which are amusingly quaint and characteristic ; and will, to begin, accompany Mr. Dickens to New York: "The beautiful metropolis of America is by no means so clean a city as Boston, but many of its streets have the same characteristics; except that the houses are not quite so gaudy, the gilded letters not quite so golden, the bricks not quite so red, the stones not quite so white, the blinds and area railings not quite so green, the knobs add plates upon the street doors not quite so bright and twink ling. There are many by-streets almost as neutral in clean colours, and positive in dirty ones, as by. streets in London; and there is one quarter com monly called the Five Points, which, in respect of filth and wretchedness, may be safely backed against Seven Dials, or any other part of famed St..Gtles's. The great promenade and thoroughfare, as most people know, is Broadway-a wide and bustling street, which, from the Battery Gardens to its oppo site termination, is a country road may be four miles long. Shall we sit down in an upper floor of the Carlton House Hotel (situate in the best part of this main artery of New York), and when we are tired of looking down upon the life below, sally forth, arm in.arm, and mingle with the stream? Warm weatherl The sun strikes upon our heads at this open window, as though its rays were concentrated through a burning glass. But the day is in its zenith, and the season an unusual one. Was there ever such a sunny street as this Broadway'. The pave. ment stones are polished with the tread of feet until they shine again; the red bricks of the houses might be yet in the dry hot kilos, and the roofs of the omnibuses look as though, if water were poured on them, tlhey would hiss and smoke and smell like half-quenched fires. No stint of omni buses here I Halfa dozen have gone by within as many minutes. Plenty of hackney cabs and coaches, too; gigs, phmtons, large-wheeled tilburies, and private carriages, rather of a clumsy make, and not very different from the public vehicles, but built for the heavy roads beyond the city pavement. Negro coachmen and white, in straw habets, black hats, white hats, glazed caps, fur caps ; in coats of drab, black, brown, green, blue, nankeen, striped jean, and linen ; and there, in that one instance (tlook while it passes, or it will be too late), in suits of livery. Some southern Republican that, who puts his blacks in uniform, and swells with sultan pom~p and power. Yonder, where that phmton with the well clipped pair of greys has stopped, standing at their heads now, is a Yorkshire groom, who has not been very long in these parts, and looks sorrowfully round for a companion pair of top.boots, which he may traverose half the city without meeting. Heaven save the ladies, how they dresel We have seen more colours in these ten minutes than we should have seen elsewhere in as many days. What various parasols l What rainbow silks and satins Il What pinking of thin stockings, and pinchingof thin shoos, and fluttering of ribands and silk tassels, and display of rich cloaks with gaudy hoods and linings! The young gentlemen are fond, you see, of turning down their shirt collars ond cultivating their whiskers, especially under the chin ; but they cana not approach the ladies in their dress or bearing, being, to soy .the truth, humanity of quite another sort. Byrons of the desk and counoter pass on, and let us see what kind of men those are behind ye-those two labourers in holiday clothes, of whom one carries in his hand a crumpled scrap of paper, from which he tries to spell out a hard name, while the other looks about for it on all the doors and windows. Irishmen both I You might know them if they were masked, by their long tailed blue coats and bright buttons, and their drab trowsers, which they wear like men used to working dresses, who are used to no others. It would be hard to keep your model republics going without the countrymen and countrywomen of those two labourers ; for who else would dig, and delve, and drudge, and do domestic work, and make canals and roads, and execute great lines of internal improve. ment 1 Irishmen both, and sorely puzzled, too, to find out what they'seek. Let us go down and help them for the love of home and tlhat spirit of liberty which admits of honest service to honest men, and honest work for honest bread, no matter what it be. That's well We have got at the right address at last, though it is written in strange characters truly, and might have been scrawled with the blunt handle of the spade the writer better knows the use of than a pen. Their way lies yonder, but what business takes them there? They carry savings. Tobhoard up! No. They are brothers, those men. One crossed the sea alone, and, working vcry hard enough to bring the other out. That done, they worked together, aside by side, contentedly sharing hard labour and hard living for another term ; and then their sisters came, and then another brother, and, lastly, their old mother. And what now 1 Why, the poor old crone is restless in a strange land, and yearns to lay her bones, she says, among her own people, in the old graveyard at home; and so they go to pay her passage back; and God help her and them, and every simple heart, and all who turn to th'e Jerusalem of their younger days, and have an altar fire upon the cold earth of their fathers."-Vol. I., p. 191. We cannot follow Mr. Dickens further in his tour round New York, but strongly recommend every one to do so who has a relish for lively description, interspersed with outbursts of kindly feeling, such as are displayed in the conclusion of the above quotation. We now turn to Philadelphia a "' We reached Philadelphia late at night. Looking out of my chamber window, before going to bed, I saw on the opposite side of the way a handsome building of white marble, which had a mournful, ghost-like aspect dreary to behold. I attributed this to the sombre influence of the night, and on rising in the morning looked out again, expecting to see its steps and portico thronged with groups of people passing in and out. The door was still tight shut, the same cold cheerless air prevailed, and the building looked as if the marble statue of Don Gurman could alone have any business to transact within its gloomy walls. I hastened to enquire its name and purpose, and then my surprise vanished. It was the tomb of many fortunes, tihe great cata comb of investment, the memorable United States Bank. The stoppage of this bank, with all its ruinous consequences, had cast (as I was told on every side) a gloom on Philadelphlia, under the depressing effect of which it yet laboured. It cer tainly did seem rather dull and out of spirits. It is a handsome city, but distractingly regular. After walking about it for an hour or two, I felt that I would have given the world for a crooked street. 'The collar of my coat appeared to stiffen, soand the brim of my hIat to eapand, beneath its quakerly in. fluence. My hair shrunk into a sleek short crop, my hands folded themselves upon my breast of their own calm accord, and thoughts of taking lodgings in Mlark-slane, over against the market.place, and of making a large fortune by speculations it corn, came over sue involuntariy,."-Vol. I., p. 230. " Here is Washingten," says Mr. Dickns, " fresh in my mind and under my eye. 'Take the worst parts of the City-road and Pentonville, preserving all their oddities, but especially the small shops and dwellings occupied there (but not in Washington) by furnture brokers, keepers of poor eating houses, and fanciers of birds. Burn the whole down, build it up agalin in wood and plaster, widen it a little, throw in part of St. John's-wood, put green blinds outside all the private houses, with a red curtain and a white one in every window; plough up all the roads; plant a great deal of coarse turf ilp every place where it ought not to be; erect threejiaadsome buildings in stone and marble anywhere, but the more entirely out of everybody's way the better; call one the Post.ollce, one the Pateont.office, and one the "l'reasury make it scorchinog hot in the morning and freezing cold in the afternoon, with an occasional tornado of wind and dust i leave a brick. field without the bricks in all central places where a street may naturally be expected-and that's Washington."-(p. 278.) CLEANSING THI SKIN.-Ln order to enjoy good health it is as necessary to cleanse the skin of every part of the body as the hands and face. If you once begin to make a rule to wash the whole body at least once a week, by bathing or o'therwise, in cold water, the vigour and bilarity of feeling you will experience will amply repay you for the labour. Try it a few weeks-it will eost next to nothing. CoMyoRTAn LBt-'ho editor of a Now Orleans paper saw a man in that city the other day whith a bundle under, and a lady upon, each arm, a ,parasol in each hand, a pair of gloves in hIs mouth, and a little dog, belonging to one of the ladles, was trotling along after, every now and then jumpiog up f and trylag to catch the skirts of his coat.1 o • .. .. ASTRONOMICAL CLOCK.--After tour years' labour the repairs of the astronomical clock at Strasburg are completed, and it will be set in motion on the meeting of the Scientific Congress on the 28th In this curious piece of mechanism the revolutions of the sun, the moon, and the planets ore marked down with scientific exactness. Seven figures re present the seven days of the week, each appearing In its turn on the day allotted to it. The four ages come forward to strike the quarters, and the skeleton Death strikes the hours. At noon the twelve Apostles advance in succession to bend down before the figure of our Saviour, who gives them the benediction. At the same moment a cock claps his wings and crows three times. It is said to be one of the most curious pieces of clock-work in Europe. 