Felix Hill, December Ist, 1838. Believe me, my dear Lord, Yours very truly, WESTERN. To Earl Spencer. My doar Lord Spencer—ln addres sing you as President of the great Agricultural Society of England, I an ticipate, with considerable anxiety, the charge of presumption which the sub ject-matter of my letter may incur. I know, indeed, that you will put a fa vourable construction upon it, as your friendship will lead you to appreciate (he motive. Hut 1 think that the re presentation of the attempt which I am about to communicate will, perhaps, justly subject me to the notion of being a visionary projector in that one parti cular line of farming to which I have, as you know, devoted great attention. I will, then, at once announce to your Lordship that I have, for (he last four years, applied myself to an expe riment cf the possibility of creating a new and distinct breed of sheep ; ami, as far as I have gone, the result has encouraged the attempt; and of this result 1 intend to exhibit a specimen at the next Smithfield Show, i shall (here exhibit three shearing welhers of my so-created breed, and three two shear wethers ; and 1 earnestly riquest the notice of your Lordship and of the other Members of the Society to their examination. [ have a confidence in doing this, because I have not only my own ex perience, and the o\,\ n on of many other most able judges, as to the beauty of their symmetry, and their possession of all the qualities which are generally most admired in (he living animals; but I shall also, without hesitation, submit them to public inspection when slaughtered. I beg you to understand that, in thus attempting to create a distinct variety among the actual dif ferent breeds, I have no idea of dispa raging (hose highly valuable breeds which have been so niUch improved in the course of (he last sixty years, or of impugning (he science, the skill, and the energy of many most intelligent persons in various ranks of life, not excepting (he most exalted. But lam of opinion that we should never stand still, but rather be always aiming at new objects; and I sincerely think that that that for which I am now striving is not absolutely Utopian. There is plenty of room for the intro duction of another breed of animals, without trenching upon, or superseding in any way, those which are valuable and now in existence. My object, (hen, may be familiarly stated to be, the placing Merino wool upon a Leicester carcase—perhaps not exactly resem bling the short finest clothing-wool of Saxony, but a fine combing-wool su : perior to any that has heretofore been grown. It is possible that similar at tempts have been made by other per sons, but they have not been carried out upon any general principle of ex tensive application to my knowledge. The moans which I use are an in termixture of various breeds of long woolled sheep with the pure Merino ; the latter of which, by the attentive efforts of many years, I have so im proved in carcase that they have be come an exceedingly different animal, in point of substance and size, to those which are generally sc<'n. I have now a iloik of about a hundred breeding ewes of this crossed species, and they certainly so closely resemble each oilier in their countenances, the appearance of (heir wools, and (heir relative si/.es, that no very variable character can be discerned among them—certainly, I may say. quite as little as is to be found in other flocks, which arc stated to be tif a pure specific breed. With a view (o some justification of my purpose, I beer to direct the atten tion of your Lordship to the breed of the new Leicester sheep. The very name which they have universally ac quired, namely, that of the new breed, implies a modern origin. I apprehend that a distinct breed may be created in three ways :—Firstly, by the selec tions of one or two extraordinary ani mals—variations from their class-- whieh may aviso, as in the vegetable, so in the animal world; and from thence, it' well followed up, a new race may be formed. Another mode is the crossingof various animals; and,among other reports, I have heard that the new Leicester were formed by crosses of the heavy long-woolled sheep and the Hereford liylaud. I cannot pretend to vouch for the accuracy of this re port, but I am not sure that I should not date from thence the origin of my present effort. A third mode is, by engrafting a particular breed upon a native stock, in a way which bears some analogy to the engrafting a peach upon a crabstalk. For example, with a view of creating a Merino flock out of any inferior breed of sheep, put a Merino mm to any breed of ewes; ami again, a Merino ram to their pro geny, in constant succession; and I think that it would not require many generations to elFace all appearance of the original breed. That the new Leicester sheep, fifty years ago, were very scarce; that the prime specimens were in very few hands—so few, that the breeders sold or let their rams at an almost incredi ble price—is beyond all controversy. These sheep, so bred, and I may say, so created, were first exhibited to the public by Mr Uakewell, and by a few other clever men who followed close upon his sleps ; and the late Duke of Bedford and Lord Leicester were the first, perhaps, who mainly contributed to spread their notoriety and improve their quality. Their example was fol lowed to such an extent, that the price of their rams arose—to go at once to (lie summit—-to five hundred pounds, for the use only of one of these animals Since that time there has hardly been a breed of long-woolled sheep which has not been mixed up with these New Leicesters, although, in many instances, the fact is not readily admitted by the respective breeders. Certain it is, that an infusion of their blood is found, more or less, in every long-woolled sheep, and the breeds, so improved by this cross, perpetuated. j They have been crossed with South Downs, but not with a view to the perpe tuation of a cross breed. I look upon what is commonly called a South Down, to be now a very different animal from the little pure Sauth Down of fifty years ago. The admixture of the Hampshire or West Country Dowii sheep, crossed with the original South Down, as now adopted and re commended by Lord Leicester, has created an exceedingly different breed ofuuimal. Lord Leicester has further, by his judgment, and by the method of varying a breed by selection, cer tainly created sheep very unlike the original South Downs, or any other breed then known. The Holkham sheep are obviously highly valuable in almost every important particular with a view to the grand object, namely, the production of the greatest quantity of t-ound good meat and useful wool, upon (he smallest quantity of land. The contemplation of his achieve ment, instead of any discouragement, has been to me a stimulus to my own exertions. I know not that I need add anything further in justification of what I have undertaken. I have, how ever, heard of a similar idea having prevailed, to a certain extent, in some other countries, as well as in this. I have been informed that, even in Sax ony, some attempt of this kind has been thought of; and lam pretty con fident that, some Leicester sheep have been imported into that kingdom. I should be going too far, were I to prosecute extensively the inquiry into the procedings, which may have taken place in respect to other domestic animals; but I cannot refrain from calling your attention to the contem plation of one of the noblest animals in the creation, and to the specimens, almost exclusively produced in this country, of his improvement; I allude to the Knglish race- horse. Is he not, unquestionably, the creation of an ad mixture of the breeds ? Can he be the pure Arab, thus altered and en , larked [\y selection ? I conceive the ! probability to be, (hat he must be an admixture with other breeds. Then, again, the variety of the English horses, from the superior hunter to the hack ney !Fs not such a composition, which must have been formed at various pe riods of time t Is not an infustou of AraU blood into every breed more or less prevalent, and in almost every case useful ? To descend from the horse to the 10-srcjt animal in estimation, though, perhaps, not the least valuable, namely, the pig : it appears to me that an im portant change and improvement have already taken place in some districts in the breed of this animal to a consider able extent, and which is further pro gressive in other parts of the country. This has been accomplished by a breed commonly called the Neapolitan, which race is found in its greatest purity in that beautiful peninsula, or rather a tongue of land, which lies between the Bay of Naples and that of Salerno. It has very peculiar and valuable qua lities : the flavour of the meat is excel lent, I should say superior to that of any other breed; and the disposition of the animal to fatten, on the smallest quantity of food, is unrivalled. 1 have so completely engrafted this stock upon British breeds, that I think that my herd can scarcely be distinguished from the pure blood. Upon a similar principle, a great effort, I understand, is making, at this time, by a few intelligent individuals to engraft the Cashmere upon the An gola goat, so as to grow upon the latter the beautiful wool of the former. This attempt was first made by a French gentleman, who, as I have been informed, has advanced a con siderable way in the accomplishment of his object. I have seen some of these animals, which were purchased of him, in order to be taken to Van Diemea's Laud; with him I closely inspected them ; and their appearance certainly warranted good hopes of a favourable result. [ But I will no further press the argu ment which I have founded upon these —as I consider—analogous cases ; but I conclude with a hope that 1 may have led your Lordship to the conside ration of some interesting points, which might not have occurred to you, and which, unquestionably, have a tendency to relieve me from the imputation of being unwarrantably speculative in my attempt, as some persons may, perhaps, imagine. Whether the sheep which I shall exhibit at the Smithfield Show will come within any of the rules of the Society, to admit them as competitors for a prize, Ido not know. My object .will be attained by submitting them to the examination of your Lordship and of the public; at least, if I succeed, as 1 trust I shall, in obtaining your particular notice. London is the largest and richest city iv the world, occupying a surface of thirty - two square miles, thickly planted with houses, mostly three, four, and five stories high; it contained in 1831 a population cf 1,471,941. It consists of London city, Westminster city, Finsbury, Marylebone, Tower Hamlets, South wark, and Lambeth districts. In 1834 there entered the port of London 3736 British ships, 1260 foreign ships; 2(jG9 were registered as belonging to it in 1832, with 32,786 seamen. The London Docks cover twenty acres. Tho two West India Docks cover tifty-one acres. St Katheiine'a Dock covers twenty-four acres. There are, generally; about 5000 vessels and 3000 boats in the river, employing BSOO water men and 4000 labourers. London pays about one-third of the window duty. In England the number of houses assessed are about 120,000, rated at upwards of five millions ster ling ; about one- third aie not assessed. The liohbo rental is probably seven or eight millions, including taverns, hotels, and public-bouses. The retailers of spirits and beer are upwards cf 10,000; while the dealers in the staff or lifo are somewhere about a fourth of this number. Numbering all the courts, alleys, streets, lanes, squares, places, and rows, they amount to up wards of 10,000; and on account of theextiemo points, no individual could pass through them in the space of one whole year.— British and Foreign Commercial Advertiser. Marriage is like a silk purse—most agreeable to bear «!>on (here is plenty ot money in it. Marriage is like a mouse-trap—once get into it, and you are caught, without the least proapect of recovering your liberty. Marriage is like a " rose-tree in full bearing*' — how at tractive are its flowers! but the bright leaves fall after a season, and the thorns alone remain. Marriage, among fools, U like a boiled calf'n head without the accompaniment of brains. Marraige is like a roust leg of mutton on Sun* day—served up cold on Monday—ditto with pickles on Tuesday—and hashed up on Wed nesday. Marriage Is the sunshine of life—be neath its genial influence 6pring up the best affections and noblest Tirtue? of man, which in the Bterility of selfish celibacy would have lain dormant and useless. It ts the source of ?ir tuoiis pleasure in youth, the balm and solace of old age.— *' Philosophy of Marriage.'' in Bentky't Miscellany. Ghost he hanged! No such things in nature; all laid long ago, before the wood pavement. What Rhonld they com* for f Tha colliers may rise for higher wages, and the chartist may rise for reform, and Joseph Slurga may rise for his health, and bread may rise; and the rising generation may rise ; bat that tha dead should ri«e only to maku one's hair rise. Is more than I can credit. Suppose youself a gliost Well, if you come out nf your grave to «rrve a friend, how are you to help him P And if it in an enemy, what's the use of appearing to bim. if you can't pitch into him?— T. Hood in the New Monthly. " Papa, the temperance men say they put logwood in roit wine. I* that what 4yet yoiir hose so red ?* ADELAIDE: Prirtrd and pttlffitfirdtyilie proprietor, Ja?cs Auk*, every Wedoetdiy Bad 6*toniij, tt the IYintingOl?ce,conwrar?ng Williafli ud Handle- Meet*, where Urden ud (MitttisemMts. asd all nmnunieation* to the Ediun* will be received. Price, per ma, ex Iss to be paM in advance. MniUnamM wotcn reeoiagrit?ii tioet, to., and 3d. for etery •AdSHonal llw. 