DIGEST OF FACTS AND PRINCIPLES ON BANKING AND COMMERCE., continued. The Influence of Private Paper and Transactions on Credit, in producing the Crisis in 1825-6. The favourable state of the country, which tempted the bankB to enlarge their issues and ad vances would also tend to augment the mutual confidence of individuals, and Induce them to ex- tend among themselves their private paper and transactions on credit. Instances are not uncom mon of persons commencing business within the last three years on the basis of a few hundreds, rearing a fabric of credit to the extent of a hundred thousand. If such feats could be performed by men unknown to the commercial world, what might not bo cftcctbd by houses of long standing and reputed capitalists. To estimate the increase of private paper and credit would require the arith metical powers, as well as the boldness, of the late Air, Colquhoun. We havc however, authen- tic data for calculating the increase in bills of exchange, from the returns of stamps on bills issued from tho Stamp-Offlco. The following statement exhibits the progressive increase of stamps on inland and foreign bills, from 1822 to 1825\. - V years. 1822 £519,203 1823 535,847 1824.. 556,919 1825 597,080 Returns, up to 1826, of the stamps issued in tho busy period of 1825 have not yet been published. The increase in the amount of stamps in the three years preceding is £77,871, making, in that period an increase in the circulation, by bills, to the amount of more than one.sixth of the whole quan tity previously in circulation. Mr, Lloyd, the agent/ in London, to several country banks, stated, in- his examination before the committeo of the House of Lords, on the re sumption of cash payments in, 1 818, that the pro portion between the circulation of batik notes. and bills of pxchnnge was as one to ten. Admitting, then, that the circulation of the country consists of onc:tenth "of bank nptes and nino- tonths of bills, We may at once arrive at tho total, augmentation in the currency, in consequence of the increased issues of the country hanks and ' the Bank of Eng land. These increased issues, we iiave seen, affjounted to ten millions, and supposing a con temporary increase' of. bills at nine times that amount, it follows, the total addition to the circu lation, from the year 1822 to 1825, was not less than lOO.milliqns. This sum . alone Is almost adequate to explain the phenomenon produced, and account for that pro digious mass of unemployed capital with which the country was oppressed in 1823, 4, and 5. In dependent, liowever, of bill and bank notes, the nioneymarket was filled from other sources. General confidence extended private credit in open account j the scrip of tho various foreign loans; and the shares of the different .joint-stock, compa nies circulated like commercial paper, and added immensely to the circulation. Alter this state ment, we cannot feel surprised at tho amount of capital invested in foreign loans, in excess of im ports; in mining, insurance schemes, and other joint-stock speculations/, t . An, attempt has been, made to estimate the npiout of. capital.gngoged in different pursuits ; the nmoiiht of foreign loans contracted for is stated to have been, in 1822........ ..£22,45(1,000 1823.. 11,578,000 1824....... 16,700,000 1825..... 8,700,000 . Total.. .....£61, 428,000 The amount' actually remitted on foreign loans ill 1824 and 1 825, in money or produce, is calcu lated, by Mr. Hume," at £18,865,278. The sum actually paid on the forty-one principal mining schemes — Anglo-Mexican, Anglo-Chilian, Anglo-Peruvian, &c.; , is estimated at £3,027,000. The investment of . capital in the excess of im ports, above the average of preceding years, was probably not less than ten or fifteen millions. Capital was also absorbed to a great extent in other speculative ventures; but these formed the principal, and 1 have no wish to fatigue the reader . by too much detail . What I have said will enable him to form some idea of the immense capital created, and the principal objects in which it was invested. 1 have thus briefly stated the principal circum stances which either primarily caused or accelerated the great speculative impulse in 1824 arid 1825, and which .-laid the train of subsequent disasters. The fii-stcause assigned is the increased issues and ad vances of the country banks and ffre Bank of Eng- \- labd ; the second, and more effectjve cause, a vast extension of private paper and credit, aided by the fictitious capital created by loans, and the transac tions of the share-market. r ' Another cause has been assigned bv Lord Lauder dale— -namely : the operation of the Sinking Fund in the purchase of stock, by which a quantity of of reveuue was converted into cupital. Allowing such conversion to have been made, its agency in the late crisis must have been too inconsiderable to be taken into account. It bears scarcely any pro portion to the effect which must ultimately be pro duced by the new principles. of banking adopted by tho Bank of England. The resolution to lend on mortgage and government securities had , indeed, a. tendency to convert an immense mass of revenue into active trading capital, and would alonOj in my opinion, have been sufficient, in time, to produce that surplus of-money, and consequent-low rate of profit and interest, which led to the subsequent over-trading and embarrassments. ' _ -'.Before concluding, it may be proper to explain that I have throughout used the term credit. ns sy nonymous with capital. Credit is not capita), in the language of economists; but, for all the pur poses of trade and speculation, It is equivalent to capital, and in that sense I have employed the term. Fourth. The immediate Causes of the Re-action iti the Autumn of 1825- Tho facts detailed under the preceding heads mu8tbave partly apprized the reader of the. im mediate causes of tho re-action in the autumn of 1825, which was nothing more than, the 'successive 1 explosion of tho various elements with which the commercial hemisphere had keen excited and dis tended. When paper and credit had exerted their utmost force, and these springs of enterprise began i to relax, a corresponding depression and' .em barrassment were communicated to all the branches of trade and speculation which they hnd stimulated into unnatural activity- It will be. sufficient, -there fore, for our purpose, briefly to enumerate "the causes which cither drew off the redundant capital - In the market, or Invested it in objects which placed it out of the reach of individuals in the mo ment of emergency. The first, in, order of time, of tliere-aoting caused was the contraction of the issues of the Bank of England. 1 have before observed that the Bank continued to augment its issues until Maich 1825 ; in that month, they saw, from the previous fall in the exchanges, combined with the rapidly increasing issues of the country hanks, the necessity that was pressing upon them, and they contracted their issues to the amountof £l,300,000. Between the 15th of March and the 15th of May they made a reduction to the extent of £700,000 more. Be tween August and November, they farther coiit tracted their issues, making, altogether, a reduction! of £3,500,000. This abstraction of currency was felt throughout tho kingdom; for the Bank, by its extensive ac counts with individuals and bankers in London, and, through them,, with the provincial banks and , their customers, holds the strings of the whole cir culation, and the , moment it begins to pull them the operation is felt through the community by general narrowing of discounts and ad vances. Accordingly, in the month of September, the first .germ of the disease, and symptoms of ap proaching scarcity of cash were manifested. Re ports were circulated of discounts being refused to extensive loan-contractors, and the paper of one ; entire branch' .of traders being rejected ; transactions in the funds became heavy, which were succeeded by considerable fluctuations, and, finally, by ex tensive sales at reduced prices. ...... Meanwhile, other causes, more- powerful than tire contradiction of issues by the Bank, had come into operation. The stocks accumulated from the over whelming imports of the previous months, added to diminished exports, in consequence of the rise in prices, kept locked up, beyond the period anticipated by the speculators, a vast amount of capital, on which they had mistakingly hoped to realize. The catastrophe of the share-speculations inflicted a severe blow on mercantile credit and reputation. It was found that an extensive system of gambling and fraud had been carried on under the auspices of in fluential individuals, whose names had been borrowed or lent for the purpose : schemes were put forth for the employment of capital ; their advantages mag nified by prospectuses, reports, and newspaper para-; graphs ; when competition, excited by these artifices, had forced up prices to ari enormous premium, the directors, andjothers in the : secret, sold out ; after wards the shares fell to a discount, and the credulous purchasers suffered. Several members of parliament, first-rate merchants, proprietors and editors of news papers, directors of fire offices, aqd solicitors, were concerned in these nefarious transactions. It is .calculated that between three and four millions were., actually advanced on these delusive projects, a greajf part of which was invested in foreign mining scheffies, where, it was remarked, " gold might be surjk, but none extracted." In almost- all joint- stock cofapauies, shares fell 60, 80, arid 100 per cent, and a. great number of them, after answering the tempo rary object of the projectors, were abandoned. The collapsing of the bubbles destroyed commercial con-- fidence ; the knavery and folly with which they had been got up were appealed to, and used as a pretext, for withholding that aid which otherwise might lraye been granted to mitigate the subsequent distress and embarassment. _ By the joint operation of these causes, capitaTwas- withdrawn, absorbed, and dissipated, and the previous redundancy converted into absolute scarcity. The funds fell, and the rate of interest proportionally ad vanced. Goods became unsaleable beyond the im mediate wants of purchasers. Confidence abated as the signs of real and imaginary wealth disappeared. See the Times, February 10th, where one Hono rable Member is stated to have been the director of nine joint-stock companies. For the share which "the gentlemen of the press" had in these sheep- shearing schemes we have ttie ingenuous testimony of the Morning Chronicle. " The press," say3 the editor, " for the most part, by taking shares in these schemes when ;at a premium, (and we blush to say jfew. editors of newspapers in this metropolis are not to he found in the list of those who benefited by them,) had, at all events, no particular interest in . 'openipg the eyes of the public." — Morning Chronicle, . February 3. - . - Oftho othor. parties in the late foray on gullibility, the reader may satisfy himself by turning to the pub lished lists of managers and directors. The best ex posures of the different schemes have appeared in the Times, which, through the late crisis, was conducted in a most able and fearless manner. In that journal of the 29th of March is an account of the.'' Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex Rail-road Company," from which it appears that two principal items of the out-goings Consisted of newspaper-puffs and the payment.of legal expenses. ... ' Had the literary caste chiefly benefitted by these jobs, perhaps it would not have been a subject of in tense regret .- for it is the misfortune of this class in general, by too great indifference to pecuniary matters, tp be depressed below their proper grade - in the social scale, v ' The general effect of the whole was a vast contraction of the circulation, and pressure upon the bankers in London and the country, either for advances or the repayment of balances'. For this retrogade move ment many of them were unprepared, either with the necessary reserves of cash or securities readily con vertible. It appeared, indeed, that they had been led away by the current, and the favourable aspect of the times had operated upon them in the same way as their customers, tempting them to speculate, by ad vances and issues' of paper, beyond what just princi ples of commerce and banking would justify. It is, perhaps, unnecessary to follow up this out line with a detail of events so recent, and which are hardly yet completed. In the month of November, it was evident a mercantile crisis was at hand. The country banks first gave way, and that- of Sir W. Elford and Co. and others in the west of England-ex cited. general consternation. These were followed by the stoppage, on the 12th of December, of the bank of Pole, Thornton, and Co., which was among, the most considerable in London, the firm being agents for no less than forty-seven provincial banks. Alarm was now universal, and a general run commenced on the money-dealers in town and country. Unable to withstand such a simultaneous pressure, the whole banking system appeared likely to be overwhelmed ; the failure of Pole . and Co. was, next day, followed by that of the long- established firm of Williams and Co. which was succeeded by those of Scott and Co., Went- worth and Co. , Sykes and 'Co., Everett and Co., Stirling and Co., and a vast number of commercial houses, whose dealings were scarcely less extensive. In the , course of the month, between seventy and eighty hanks had . yielded up the ghost, and closed their doors against all applicants. It is needless to remark that all pecuniary accom modation was suspended. A sort of sauve qui peut was generated : for while, on one hand, individuals hastened to draw put their balances from the bankers, the latter not only refused further discounts, and held fast all money in hand, but ' collected through the town, without delay or abatement, all bills that became !duc. Between the 10th and 16th, the town was swept of cash, and such a dearth 'of this neces sary commodity ensued, that, according to the testi mony of one deeply engaged in passing events, few persons had five pounds to. spare for any purpose whatever. The evils of scarcity were thus aggra vated by the reciprocal defensive measures of the banks and their customers. " Pawnbrokers and -money- lenders were resorted to till their capitals were exhausted,' and then a general stoppage of payment ensued, though most of the parties were abundantly solvent, in their stock in trade, now unavailable, in book-debts not recoverable, or in bills either useless for want of discount, or rendered nugatory by the stoppage of drawer," acceptor, and endorser J" People could hardly believe themselves awake. Such a transition, in the short space of a few months, from redundant wealth to poverty, from enterprise to timidity,"' from confidence to suspicion, and from the most flattering prospects to the most gloomy an ticipations, made the past appear more like the idle dream of Alnaschar ( Spectator , No. 535) than any thing that had really existed , The Bank of England, by advances to houses and individuals, made strenuous exertions to stop the headlong ruin which threatened the commercial classes. Post chaises were hourly despatched into the country, loaded with supplies of gold and paper, to support the credit and prevent the failure of the provincial firms. Such were the extraordinary efforts of the, Directors, that, between the end of December and the 14th of January, they augmented their issues to the, enormous extent of £8,627,610, making, in that short period, an addition of more than one half to their previous circulation. But so many, indivi duals were involved in the re-action, and their pre vious transactions had been so extensive, that even these exertions. were inadequate to stay the panic; and the storm, which, in the beginning of January, had apparently abated, broke out, in the close of that month, with increased fury, and the bankrupts gazetted on the 28th amounted to the unprecedented number of sixty- nine ; the number of bankrupts in November was 188 ; in December, 220. ; in January, 321 ; in February, 380 ; and, to the 21st of March, 269\. The number of bankrupts on the 4th of March was seventy -three, which was the greatest . number that had appeared, and from that time the plague may be said to have abated. . The following are the numbers in each Ga- January 3 .... 32 -February 21 ... . !29 7.. ..26 25.. ..68 10.. ..28 28. ...37 14\. ...28 March 4.;. .73 17\. ...30 7. ...31 j 21. ...46 111.. ,53 24... .30 14.... 25 28... .69 18... .36 31.. .32 21.. ..42 February 4.,.. 64 25. ...35 7.. .32 28'.. ..20 11-.. ..60- Aptil 1.. . .32 14\. ...37 -4.... 25 V ; 18... .53 Lord Kaimes maintained, truly enough, that nu merous bankruptcies are a decisive proqf or cqmmer-. cial activity ana enterprise. He states (Sketch of the, History of Man, vol. j, p. 921) that, from 1694 to 1744, there were inScotland only thirty -four bank ruptcies, and thence infers ; how languidly trade wias .carried on/ From 1744 to 1771,. thore had been, yearly, thrice thirty-four, which is a proof, he adds, of the rapid progress of trade. Every one, he con cludes, is roused to, adventure,; though every one cannot gain. : . . , . \ The Glasgow Chronicle makes the number of bankruptcies in 'Scotland exceed the' number in England jn proportion io the wealth of the two countries. The total number, of bankruptcies in Scotland, for, the last seven years and six weeks;. is. 1183 j which, according to the ratio of taxes of 1 to. 12 J; is a greater number than in' England during tike same period, and this, notwithstanding the marvellous perfection of her sys tem of banking and currency j , . Probably, this discrepancy may result frotn- tlie different composition , of the population of the two kingdoms. In- Scotland there are few gentlemen,, and not many paupers, —at least, parochial ones. ; in. England, there are a great number of both, k, follows, that if one country possess a greater number, of those who are either too rich' or too poor to trade, while the other abounds in an intermediate Mass, who are neither rich enough to be idle, nor so poor as to bo, unemployed, that the latter will have a greater nun-, ber of bankrupts, owing to the greater relative py' portion of her people engaged in hazardous pursuits. (To be continued.) The extreme scarcity of money anddeshif I credit, while the panic was at. its height ferred from a few fact's which are worth MeLv n" I Government securities or Bank-stock excent r 8' R mensfe sacrifices; were unsaleable. At the Stoef I"1' change, Exchequer-bills fell to 60s. discount s sale of Consols; for money; was made at 76 w'h ft price for the opening was 82; which would vieU- terest at the rate of 70 per cent! per annum n" number of bills unpaid and protested was bevi » precedent : 3000 are said to have been noted !„ day, and 380 for one banker. . 0116 Abopt the middle of March , things assumed a tr favourable appearance ; several of the London a country banks has re-opened ; the silk trade revive and accounts were received of improvement in th' great branches of the woollen and cotton manufactur The last great failure was the house of GoldschmHl and Co, which excited attention, not only from ii sudden death of the head of the firm but the great tent of its transactions in Europe and America CX While the panic was raging, Government Wa. earnestly solicited, both in and out of Parliament to afford temporary relief by an advance ofEx.' chequer-bills.- Many persons were clamorous foi more paper, who had suffered most severely from the previous excess ; and, like those unfortunate ' victims to intemperance, called out; in their agonies for a few drops of the fatal poison by which thev had been destroyed. Ministers resisted theaoan. plications with firmness; they contended tliat the distress had not been occasioned by political causes but had arisen from over-trading, and that it would be inconsistent with all sound principles of public economy for Government to interfere by any measures which would tend to prop up" rotten foundations," keep up artificial high prices, and at best, only avert the natural consequences and punish- ment of individual folly and cupidity. It was further added, that such interference would be a deviation, in Tavour of the opulent, from those general principles which, when applied to the working classes; it had been admitted, were founded in consum mate wisdom, i Alms- giving and poor-rates had been deprecated, as tending to aggravate the evils they were meant to mitigate, by the encouragement, they held out to improvident marriages "ancprocreation, If such were the consequences in one case, of miti gating the calamities occasioned by want of foresight similar results might be anticipated from relieving commercial distress, occasioned by the imprudenceof mercantile venture and speculation. At length the distress of the commercial classes be- came so acute, and the applications for assistance so general, that Ministers thought it advisable toad- minister, at least, the semblance of relief, and this was done through the medium of the Bank of England. Lord Liverpool made the fortunate discovery that the Bank was empowered by their charter to make ad vances on goods, as well as bills ; and, accordingly, the Directors, in concert with Government, under took to advance loans to individuals on deposit of goods, and- on personal security ; these loans to be repaid in three months, or renewable at the discretion of the Bank. It is impossible that this arrangement can have done much towards the mitigation of the distress ; for, up to the 23rd of March, the Bank had not advanced to the amount of £350,000, which is hardly one- fortieth part of the aid it afforded during the first two months of the panic. Indeed, the plan was formed on surJi a cautious and inquisitorial system that it was evidently intended to discourage numerous applications ; and many private bankers came forward to tender advances, on terms'less onerous than those' proposed by the Bank of England. It probably, however, answered the purposes for which it was dex terously intended ; it put an end to further applications from the mercantile body, while it saved Ministers from doing that which they justly considered of evil example, and inconsistent with sound principles of commercial policy. In short, it may be said that the disease has been left to work its own cure ; and, whenever that shall be effected, it may be ascribed to the gradual opera: tioh of those natural causes resulting from augmented internal consumption, and foreign demand which fall-' ing prices invariably produce. : In concluding this account of the- Great Crisis, I have few remarks to offer in addition to those on prc; ceding re-actions, which the last so much resembles iii its period of duration, its causes and termination j differ ing only from our greater opulence and mercantile trans actions, in the extent of loss and embarrassment it has inflicted. Ah entire decomposition of commercial ele- ments has been effected. Masses of real and fictitious property have been transferred and distributed into ; new channels. Had this beeh the only result, its . operation might have . beeh considered beneficial, rather than injurious. Unfortunately the nation has . sustained an immense loss- from the destruction of property, occasioned by the fluctuation in prices, and the sudden change in the direction of capital and in dustry. A check has . thus been given to internal improvements; and, in consequence of the blight on mercantile character and confidence, the legitimate movements of commerce must, for a time, at least, be fettered and embarrassed. It is -;the nature of all great changes to involve both the innocent and the guilty ; and this is the worst result of the late re action, it has not only swept away the delusive pro jects of the unprincipled adventurer, but paralysed the operations of real business and commendable en terprise. . House of Commons, February 20th, 1826. 