DEPARTURES. June -8. Schooner Agnes and Elizabeth, for Port Phillip, in ballast. June 7.-Schooners Sisters, for Sydney, with sundries. June 8. Schooner Agenoria, for Port Phillip, in ballast. — The Rev. Mr. Price delivered the second lecture of his course on Tuesday evening last. The attendance was not quite so numerous as at the preceding lecture. The subject, as had been previously announced, was Deism. His principal object appeared to be, to prove that man, without the assistance of revelation could never have arrived at a proper knowledge of the attributes and perfections of his creator: the duties which he owes to his God and his fellow creatures: his moral responsibility: the cer- tainty of a future state of existence, or his final condition when he enters upon that state. By investigating the works of nature we may, it is true, be enabled to form some faint conceptions of the power, the wisdom, the goodness, and the omnipresence of the Supreme Being, and the whisperings of conscience may, without the assist- ance of revelation, apprise us of our moral re- sponsibility and the duties which we owe to Him and to our fellow creatures; but the voice of nature could never have disclosed to our minds those grand and momentous truths which it has been the province of revelation alone to unfold. The deist, by reasoning from the analogies of nature, may even form some idea of a future state of existence, and of the probability of future rewards and punishments; but these truths which are so clearly revealed to us in the sacred scrip- ture can, in his mind, only amount to a probability; nor can he, by all his abtruse reasonings and far- fetched deductions, ever get beyond the wide field of hypothesis and conjecture. Depending entirely upon his own erring skill and judgment in his search after truth, he is led on from one erroneous deduction to another, until truth and error become so blended in his mind that he can scarcely tell what he does and what he does not believe. The great object of deists originally was to prove from the works of nature that there is a God; but their sole aim, in the present day, seems to be to prove the doctrines of scripture to be a delusion; and this appears to be almost the only object in which they are agreed ; so much do they differ from each other in opinion. Though the deist may boast of the sufficiency of the light of nature to furnish us with adequate conceptions of a great first cause, still, almost all his theological knowledge has been originally de- rived from the scriptures; for had we never been possessed of these, we would still have been fol- lowing the absurd and degrading polytheism of the refined and scientific nations of antiquity. But though the beauty and harmony of the works of nature are not of themselves sufficient to teach us all that it is necessary for is to know concern- ing God and a future state, they are, not with- standing, admirably calculated to enlarge the mind and to give us a more stedfast and unwaver- ing belief in the truths of revelation. The lan- guage of scripture and the phenomena of nature can never be at variance with each other. Where can you find the beauties of nature so truly or so vividly depicted as in the bible? Let not the deist then imagine that he alone has access to the beauties which are displayed in the visible crea- tion; the christian can derive pleasure and instruc- tion from the harmony and wonderful adaptation which are exhibited throughout the universe, as well as he can; and when he studies the volume of nature, in connection with that of inspiration, he finds evidences of the goodness and wisdom of the Deity of which the deist can have no con- ception. The vast inconsistency which prevails amongst deists in regard to their opinions, is a decided proof of the fallacy of their doctrines. Not only do they differ from each other in minor points, but even in the great fundamentals of their belief. Not only are they divided into sects like chris- tians, but there are scarcely two of them whose theological notions at all correspond. But what is worse still, the deist is incessantly changing his own opinions. Having nothing but his own way- ward and erring fancy to direct him, it is im- possible, from the very nature of things, that he can for any length of time entertain the same notions. Not so with the christian ; he has a rule of conduct which can never vary, and which is nevertheless adapted to every circumstance and condition in life. The sacred scriptures, though they are addressed to his reason and judg- ment; are altogether independent of his will, his caprice, and his fancy ; and however eager he may be to construe the sacred page to suit his own wicked designs, he can never efface from his mind the awful conviction that in so doing he is per- verting his own judgment, and vainly attempting to silence his faithful and vigilant monitor, con- science. The deist refers you to nature for in- formation on the most important subjects that can engross the mind of man; but how many are there in this world who are incapable of drawing even a simple deduction from the most extraor- dinary of nature's miracles. The sacred scrip- tures, on the contrary, are intelligible to the weakest capacity, and the poor have as free ac- cess to them as the great. The deist can present is with no cure for our moral diseases, nor can he provide its with any antidote for the torturing pangs of a guilty conscience, nor can he by any means account for the inscrutible ways of provi- dence, in frequently punishing the virtuous and rewarding the vicious. There is always a certain degree of doubt and uncertainty hanging over the mind of the deist which is a source of perpetual torment to him; he is continually in fear as to the insecurity of the position which he has taken up; whereas the christian is persuaded that every thing has been revealed in scripture which it is necessary for him to know in his present state of existence; he may be conscious of guilt, but he is never perplexed with doubt and uncertainty. The christian can derive comfort even from his afflictions, for. he knows that they are sent in mercy for his good, and that they are the chastenings of a kind and beneficent father. We seldom find deists to be men of consistent characters ; their practices too frequently belie their profession, and they are generally, notwithstanding their virulent attacks against christianity, but little acquainted with the sacred volume. They can quote, it is true, a few unconnected passages, which, with all the bitter- ness of sarcasm they turn against the professors of christianity ; but with regard to the more im- portant doctrines which are unfolded in the sacred page, they are, in the great majority of instances, in total ignorance. We cannot more suitably conclude the report than by quoting the sublime language of Pollok on the Bible :— Most wondrous book! bright candle of the Lord ! "Star of eternity ! the only star, By which the bark of man could navigate The sea of life, and gain the coast of bliss Securely : only star, which rose on time, And, In its dark and troubled billows, still As generation driving swiftly by Succeeded generation, throw a ray Of heaven's own light, and, to the hills of God,- The everlasting hills, -pointed the sinner's eye. By prophets, seers and priests, and sacred bards, Evangelists, apostles, men inspired, And, by the Holy Ghost, annointed, set Apart, and consecrated, to declare On earth the counsels of the Eternal One, This book --this holiest, this sublimest book— Was sent. Heaven's will, heaven's code of laws entire To man, this book contained: defined the bounds Of vice and virtue, and of life and death ; And what was shadow,-what was substance,— taught. 