MISCELLANEA. The Trials of Poverty. — Cant as We may, and as we shall to the end of all things, it is very much harder for the poor to be virtuous than it is for the rich ; and the good that is in them, shines the brighter for it. In many a noble mansion lives a man, the best of husbands and of fathers, whose private worth in both ca- pacities is justly lauded to the skies. But bring him here, upon this crowded deck. Strip from his fair young wife her silken dress and jewels, unbind her braided hair, stamp early wrinkles on her brow, pinch her pale cheek with care and much pri- vation! array her faded form in coarsely patched attire; let there be nothing but his love to set her forth or deck her out, and you shall put it to the proof indeed. So change his station in the world, that he shall [?] in those young things who climb about his knees — not records of his wealth and name, but little wrestlers with him for his daily bread— so many poachers on his scanty meal — so many units to divide his every sum of comfort, and further to reduce its small amount. In lieu of the endearments of childhood in its sweetest aspect; heap upon him all its pains and wants, its sickness and ills, its fretfulness, caprice, and querulous endurance; let its prattle be, not of engaging infant fancies, but of cold, of thirst, and hunger ; and if his fatherly affection outlives all this, and he be patient, watchful, tender; careful of his children's lives, and mindful always of their joys and sorrows ; ad then send him back to Parliament and Pulpit, and to Quarter-Sessions, and when he hears fine talk of the depravity of those who live from hand to mouth and labor hard to do it, let him speak up, as one who knows, and tell those holders forth that they, by parallel with such a class, should be High Angels in their daily lives, and lay but humble siege to heaven at last. Which of us shall say what he would be, if such realities, with small re- lief change all through his days, were his ! Looking round upon these people ; far from home, houseless, indigent, wan- dering, weary with travel and hard living ; and seeing how patiently they nursed and tended their young children ; how they consulted ever their wants first, then half supplied their own ; what gentle ministers of hope and faith the women were ; and how very, very seldom, ever a moment's petulance or harsh complaint broke out among them ; I felt a stronger love and honor of my kind come glowing on my heart, and wished lo God there had been many Athesist in the better part of human nature there, to read with me this simple lesson in the book pf life. — - Dickens's Notes. Depth of the Sea. — The mean depth of the sea is according to La Place, from four to five miles. If the existing waters were increased only by one fourth, it would drown the earth, with the excep- tion of some high mountains. If the volume of the ocean were augmented only by one-eight, considerable portions of the present continents would be sub- merged, and the seasons would be changed all over the globe. Evaporation would be so much extended, that rains would fall continually, destroy the harvest, and fruits, and flowers, and subvert the whole economy of nature. — Quarterly Review. The Press. — The following toast was recently proposed at a public dinner : — "May the Times be the Advertiser and Herald of the best News to the whole Globe , and particularly to the subjects of the British Queen ! May the Post bring a Courier with the Despatch of lightning, at each rising of the Sun, with intelligence to gladden Old England! May the British Standard ever be the pride of John Bull! May benevolence with Argus eyes, see and Record this as an Era of universal philanthropy ! May charity be an Examiner into, and an Ob- server of, poverty and distress! And may the present Age be, as it were, a Tablet on which each Spectator may gaze with delight, while every Patriot shall for ever Chronicle the glory and liberty of the British Press.!" Wicked Boy's. — Nature allows to growing lads a certain range of wicked- ness, sans peur et sans reproche. She seems, indeed, to whistle into their ear to mock ancient females — to laugh at Quakers— to make mouths at the decent man and his wife riding double to church — the matron's thick legs ludicrously bobbing from the pillion, kept firm on Dobbin's rump by her bottom, ''ponderi- bus librata suis," — to tip the wink to young women, during sermon on Sunday — and, on Saturday, most impertinently to kiss them, whether they will or no, on high road or bye-path — and to perpetrate many other little nameless enormities. No doubt, at the time, such things will wear rather a suspicious character; and the boy, who is detected in the fact, must be punished by pawmy, or privation, or imprisonment from play. But, when punished, he is, of course, left free to pursue his atrocious career ; nor is it found that he sleeps a whit the less soundly, or shrieks for Heaven's mercy in his dreams. Conscience is not a cavern Groans belong to guilt. But fun frolic, even when trespasses, are not guilt; and, though a cat has nine lives, she has but one ghost— and that will haunt no house where there are terriers. What ! surely, if you have the happiness of being a parent, you would not wish your only boy — your son and heir— the blended image of his mother's loveliness and his father's manly beauty — to be a snug, smooth, prim, and proper prig, with his hair always combed down on his forehead, hands always unglaured, and without spot or blemish on his white thread stockings? You would not wish him, surely to be always moping and musing in a corner, with a good book held close to his nose— botanising with his maiden aunts— doing the pretty at tea tables, with tabbies, in handing round the short-bread, taking cups, and attending to the kettle — telling tales of all naughty boys and girls —laying up his penny-a- week pocket money in a penny bag— keeping all his clothes neatly folded up in an untumbled drawer — having his own peg for his un- crushed hat — saying his prayers precisely as the clock strikes nine, while his com- panions are yet at blind-man's buff— and puffed up every Sabbath-eve by the parson's praises of his uncommon memory of a sermon— while all the other boys are scolded for having fallen asleep before " Tenthly ?" You would not wish him, surely, to write sermons himself, at his tender years— nay, even to be able to give you chapter and verse for every quotation from the Bible ? No. Better far that he should begin early to break your heart, by taking no care even of his Sunday clothes — blotting his copy — impiously pinning pieces of paper to the Dominie's tail, who to him was a second father — going to the fishing, not only without leave, but against orders, bathing in the forbidden pool, where the tailor was drowned — drying powder before the school room-fire, and blowing him- self and two cracked-skulled cronies to the ceiling— tying kettles to tails of dogs —shooting an old woman's laying hen —riding bare- backed shelties down stony steeps — climbing trees to the slenderest twig on which a bird could build, and up the tooth of time-intended sides of old castles, after wall-flowers and starlings, being run away with, in carts, by colts against turnpike gates — buying bad ballads , from gipsy girls, who, on re- ceiving sixpence, give ever so many kisses in return, saying, "take your change out of that," — on a borrowed broken-kneed pony, with a switch tail— a devil for galloping — not only for attend- ing country races, for a collar, but entering for and winning the prize, danc- ing like a devil in barns, at kirns— seeing his blooming partner home over the blooming heather — most perilous adventure of all in which virgin purity can be involved — fighting with a rival in corduroy breeches, and pool shorn be- neath a caup, till his eyes just twinkle through the swollen blue — and to con- clude this "strange eventful history," once brought home at one o'clock in the morning, God knows whence or by whom, and found, by the shrieking servant, sent out to listen for him in the moonlight, dead drunk, on the gravel at the gate ! Nay, start not, parental reader — nor, in the terror of anticipation, send without loss of a single day, for your son to a distant academy, mayhap pursuing such another career. Trust though to the genial gracious, and benign vis medicatrix natura. — Recreations of Christopher North. 