TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. _ Sin,-" Suum Cuique" incurred no reproach by his silence. His tardiness as a correspondent is amply excused by his diligence as a pastor ; but I am sorry he descended to the frivolities of criticism. He whose sentiments are just need not be nice in his language ; perhaps, however, he is right, and when a clergyman is despised, he is necessarily contemptible. It was consistent in Suum Conquests piece of official decorum-to deprecate religious strife while labouring to promote it. I, too, deplore the animosity of the sects ; the shafts they design for each other, and which scarcely touch the interests of a party, penetrate the vitals of religion. The invectives of " Suum Cuique" are the sport of the profane-they learn with rapture that a whole body of christians are chargeable with hypocrisy, sedition, and vice. The picture drawn to mortify one denomination is easily copied and rendered equally applicable to another, by the substitution of a name. I claim no credit for an argument suggested by an apostle. It is certainly obvious enough; and I once thought it sufficient to balance the censures of Mr. James with the confessions" of St. Paul. But if there is nothing new in the text, there is something more than original in the commentary of " Simm Cuique." That ingenious gentleman has, bya sagacious conjecture, turned the edge of the argument against the party who produced it. The Corinthian Church was congregational, and their base the want of a Bishop 1 " Suum Cuique" intimates that I have consigned him (to perdition, but he does mc injustice. My letter is free from the phrases of orthodox charity. I have not even threatened him with " uncovenanted" mercy. No, Sir, the business of cursing I long ago confided to those who retain its appropriate forms. The leaf of anathemas is torn from my prayer-book, and I am anxious to forget it for ever. I am surprised, indeed, that, notwithstanding their shrewdness, the Independents remain insensible to the value of a copious ritual and well- assorted creeds. Under their sanction, an Arian Clark, an Arminian Alarm, a Calvanistic Hawker, a Popish Pusey, a patriotic Sacherell, and a devout Blackbourne, have found equal favour and impartial protection The Church has been liberal to her sons ; they can choose from a treasure of various riches creed suitable to their, dimensions, they can travel from the bleak theology of Scotland to the splendid indulgence of Italy, and they naturally move southward-the warmest spite, and, I add without reluctance, the most ardent charity can breathe in canonical formulas Bathurst and Philpots, Noel and " Suum Cuique," have one mother, and the question of paternity is of secondary ships tance But the facts of this gentleman are as strange as his logic. The Independents are a warlike and boisterous people; that is the theory; and he an anonymous reasoner, tells us that, in a village not named, the windows of a chapel were broken, to his certain knowledge, by persons unknown I Ghosts of Rathconnic 1 Is this the worst outbreak of passion furnished by the his- tory of dissent ? Can a clergyman have forgotten the struggle which has agitated one whole nation for ages which has cost more blood than a crowded, and even now threatens the integrity of the empire ? If detrac- tion were not my abhorrence, I should dwell on these points of priestly ambition. If moral feeling did not shrink from the baseness of retaliating on a pious ministry the offences of a political party, the Episcopal Clergy of Van Diemen's Land might, in the spirit of " Suum Cuique," be reproached for the crimes of the Beresford's. If I Wished to retort the insults offered to a class of exemplary christians, in the columns of an imbecile editor, the tales of images and fire-irons, I could cull from the calendar of Newgate a list of clerical names disgraced by every species of crime. But, Sir, I scorn to inculcate what I do not believe, that any theological opinions originate the malignity of parties, or that the guilt of the individual is due either to his profession or to his brethren. I am not disposed to vindicate a writer whose work has passed ten times through the press. At least he is a good author, according to the vocabulary of publishers; Perhaps, however, he hastily assumed that there were limits to the rage of faction and the license of criticism. He' may have trusted to the common sense of mankind, in preference to swelling his pages with endless qualifications and exceptions But " Suum Cuique" is dishonest as a partisan. He appears in the colony with his own wonderful discoveries, wrung out from the writings of James. When the work is offered by a colonial advertisement, the whole plan of his letters is thrown into confusion, and he discovers that the infamy of the liar hangs closely on the heels of an ill- natured polemic. He confesses the discrepancy between the current edition, and the quotations he professed to have copied ; but while he hesitated to avow that he had borrowed without acknowledgment, my letter divulged the secret. Then up starts Mr. Cawood, whose pious labours would not have extended his colonial fame had not " Quis" proved more just than " Suum Cuique." I am shocked, Sir, that a gentleman should submit to the meanness of wholesale plagiarism, that a clergyman should retail slander without fairly stating that his authority had broken down, and declared against the perversion of his testimony. That pretending to live penetration of a critic, and the sincerity of a lover of truth, he slyly republished the reputed scandal of a rARTV net low. I am aware, Mr. Editor, that the spirit of bitterness is contagious and if my remarks appear to reflect on any section of religionists, I beg to atone for the fault, by pronouncing on all sweeping imputations the sentence of condemnation. A calm enquiry into the comparative merits of different systems may be useful ; but the conflict of hostile professors is destructive to religion. To every system and to every people particular evils will be found adhering. But it is my earnest wish that they may be rather softened than exaggerated that all clergymen may understand their true' vocation, and labour to reclaim the vicious, rather than to depress and harass each other's am, Sir, your obedient servant, QUIS. 