SOUTH AUSTRALIA lESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY'S THIRD I akniversaht. . numerous and highly respectable meeting of friends of missions was held on Monday even lasl, in t)ie Wesleyan Chapel, Gawler-place, being the third anniversary of the South tralian branch of the Wesleyan Missionary iety, the Hon. William Simllie, Advocate ieral, in the chair. he meeting was opened with singing and er. he Chairman then rose and said he felt it his to attend this meeting, and afford it what fc countenance he could by his presence. An ]ly there was a deputation from the Church of jland, the Church of which he was a member, pie meetings of the Wesleyan Missionary So |, held in Exeter Hall, and since he appeared |hat platform two years ago, he must sav, he |read the reports of those nice! ings withunu '?'. interest. Occupying, as he did, a station of r. little prominence in the colony, he felt it his f to do all in his power to assist in objects of ^nature, but, irrespective of such consider Js, the Wesleyan Missionary Society stood | its own merits, and demanded the' zealous jeration of every member of a Christian com %y. What distinguished the Wesleyan body ?j all was, (heir greater fervor and zeal in the ?;» of religion, and their greater indifference jnvemional forms or modes of worship in '^ndeavours to do good. The lion, and learned iman proceeded at great length, and then ?sded by calling upon (lie Rev. Mr. Weather wto read the report. '?'. Rev. Mr. Wentlierstone, the secretary of 7 piety, then read the report, which contained ».f view of the society's missions throughout ;---rld. *%sions in Ireland. — They employ 23 '?Maries, 2 Scripture readers, and 44 Sehool ,-S-s. Tlie children in tlie day-schools are -* 4000, besides some hundreds who attend Sunday schools on the different mission sra 3£5IOKS ON THE CONTIKEKT OF EUROPE ?JItjie Mediterranean. — At Wiiinendeii, f*'i kingdom of Wirtemberg, Mr. Muller, as by many of his truly convened countrymen, jj^ues to labor with diligence and success. :j France an unusual measure of success has Jped tlie labors of the Missionaries, there are Missionaries. %in.— The Missionaries, Messrs. Bull and ;£ having been driven away from Cadiz by the ifice of popish persecution, Gibraltar now en !|the advantage of their undivided labors, ifsh department of the Mission, states that fwork advances steadily, and finds acceptance jg the generality of the native population.' |ilta. — The Missionary has labored amid Jlerable discouragement, but prosecutes his A' toil with the prospect of future prood. t|ssioks in Ceylon and Continental i'Jja.— In Ceylon the work still continues to Vger. Fifty-three families are now formed g,two villages, and applying themselves to the .Ration of the land. They have shown great. .??Jness to receive religious instructions, and iird of 150 have been baptised. There are Qsen 6000 and 0000 children in the schools. £ii the Continent of India the Missionaries are K-jing their work with great zeal and fidelity t-figst the people. In India and Ceylon there ?5s9 Missionaries. *Juth Sea Missions.— In New South Wales, j Diemen's Land, and Port Phillip, the mis '?% are in a state of growing prosperity. The jirregations and societies are rapidly increasing, ^there is a great demand for more help, a South Australia, the society has been con ?jrably increased within the last few months. She last visitation there were 317 members in |;ty. Attention has been turned to the natives ?^ie Murray, and it is confidently hoped that. | such representations as the Church will be ~A to make to the committee in London, a rninis jwill be sent out to those people. ;ji Western Australia the Missionary reports j the native children, amounting to about Sfty, have made considerable progress in spelling, f ing, and singing ; and eight or ten of them Ireading in the New Testament, In New Zealand there are fourteen, and more §i 1200 members in society. |'rie.ndly Islands. — The suspension of jisionary operations at Tongataboo, which it ; the painful duty of the ctmmittee to announce ? year, was happily only of short continuance, | the present slate of things there is very en gaging. The King of those Islands is stead ily attached to tlie Christian religion. 'J here I eight English M issionaries, besides Native ahers 352, members 8,3C6. Fegee. — The superstitions of the people with the influence of the mission at Lakemba, have n considerably weakened, and there are many ir openings for usefulness. Missionaries 7, nabers 544. Missions in Southern Africa. — These ssions present a very encouraging aspect. In course of the year several hundreds hare been verted to God. No. 38— about 2000 members. Vestern Africa presents a scene of deepest :rest. Many of the missionaries have died, the Kingdom of Ashantee, a station has been ned. The King has received the ministers y favorably, and many of his household attend | word of life. Seventeen missionaries, nearly |0 members, West Indies.— This is the oldest station of | society. There are nearly 50,000 members in | societies, exclusive of persons who are mem Is of congregations, and the children under buction m the week-day and sabbath schools. |re are_ eighty-six missionaries. The schools |in efficient operation. Sorth America.— The reports from Canada, Ira Scotia, New Brunswick, and the Island of Iffoundland are of a highly encouraging char |r. Chapels have been built and enlargedin |:ral places, and in the midst of much poverty, |oble spirit of liberality has been evinced by I people in co-operating with the committee in |;mg provision for the support of the mission | pastors, as well as indirectly contributing to jfunds of the parent society. li North America there are 96 Missionaries, 1 14,000 members. Idmmary.— The total number of central Mis |b stations called circuits, occupied by the BO S' in different parts of the world, is 261. ?ie number of Missionaries employed, exclu ?of Cathechists, &c;, &c.;, is 368. ?ie number of full and accredited church mera ? exclusive of those under the care of the So ? a Missionaries in Ireland, is 87,368. ThcBumber of scholars in the Mission scholars is nearly 60,000. The receipts of the Society amounted (o the Sum of ... £101,088 2 4 The expenditure ? 08,754 7 9 Leaving a surplus of ? .£2,933 14 7 The Committee of Management, in consequence of the urgent requests for help from various foreign stations, and the wishes of the friends of Missions in Great Britain, so that the Society should ex tend its operations, and relying upon the assu rances of friends at home and abroad of pecuniary aid being forthcoming1, they ran into debt. The debt in three years amounted to £10,000 ; but which, after the repayment of loans granted to some of the foreign auxiliaries, was reducpd to £30,000. This, bv special efforts in England, bits been reduced to '.£10,000 ; and this fearful sum, for which a large amount of interest has to be paid annually, clogs the bociety, and it can only be reduced by the friends of our common Lord. i'lOi',000 will' be required annually to keep up the Wesleyan Missionary Society on its present scale, to say 'nothing of exiendiug'the operations of the Society. The directors of the Society depend upon voluntary contributions in carrying out the great work, and as South Australia has already sent them £10i-, we trust that the appeal made to you this evening, will not be in vain. Edward Stephens, Esq., then rose to move the adoption and printing of the report. The meeting would allow him to thiink them for the very kind manner in which he had been invited to attend, and the Chairman, he trusted, would allow him to sny, that the address with which he had opened the meeting did honor to his private virtues, and reflected great credit i:pon his public office. The Rev. Mr. Teiclielmann briefly seconded the report. The motion was then put and carried. Dr. Hiibbe. lately from Germany, then rose and submitted the next resolution, namely, 'That this meeting acknowledges with devout gratitude for Almighty God the great success with which He has been pleased to crown the operations of this and kindred institutions in their widely ex tended fields of labor.' Mr. James Allen rose to second the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Mr. William Giles, senr. Manager of the South Australian Company, then Eiibm ited the third re solution, namely, '? That as the success of all human efforts to evangelise the world mustdepeml upon the special influence of God, the Holy Ghost accompanying1 the same, this meeting pledges itself to unite in ardent and persevering prayer for a more copious outpouring of the grace of God upon missionaries themselves and the great work in which tl-ey are engaged, and further to render the pecuniary aid necessary for carrying out the merciful designs of Jehovah in regard to u lost and ruined world.1' Mr. Macdougall seconded the resolution. The resolution was then carried unanimously, and a collection on behalf of the funds of the So ciety was made, amounting, in connexion with what had been received on the previous day. to £18 and upwards. Two or three other resolutions, principally matters of form, were then passed on the motions of Messrs. Moorhouse, Peacock, Stocks, and Rey nolds, and the meeting closed with singing and prayer. 