ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. BANKS AND BANKERS. LETTER D. To the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Sydney. SIR Fifty. years ago, Liverpool, in Lancashire, resembled much what Sydney is now ; in its number of inhabitants in their mercantile pursuits in their shipping interests ; -nor does Sydney had less fair to become a grentemporium of commerce, and of shipping, than did Liverpool at that time. \- Nature has given our city a harbour much more commodious and capacious, for every naval and commercial purpose, than that of Liverpool, even after three millions of money have been expended on its improvement, and docks. . . A About the above period there were no Joint Stock Banks in Liverpool, nor were there any bankers in the whole County of Lancaster who issued, as money, their own notes pay \- able on demand. ... Up to a very late period, the circulating medium of Lancashire, was gold, silver, Bank of England notes, and bills of exchange, by means of which, the large commercial, man I factoring, and mining business of the county vat transacted ; read, by the aid of which has been attained that magnitude of prosperity and wealth unparalleled in the world. The peculiarity of this circulation, by which such gigantic transactions, in all their diversity and vigour, have been carried out, was, that it consisted chiefly of promiscuous bills of exchange, of various short dates, in all sorts of amount, The bankers' notes on demand, issued in the neighbouring counties, were, of necessity, j remitted in the usual course of business to Manchester, Liverpool, and other towns in a Lancashire; but so tenacious were the Lan- castrian in excluding from their peculiar money medium the notes on demand of private bankers, that scarcely one of them circulated from hand to hand, but were immediately got rid of from the county by being sent to London for payment. On carrying a check of £1000 (or, if you please, £10,000) to Jones, Lloyd, and Co., or any other banker in Lancashire, one did not get cash, but received the amount in bills of exchange not exceeding three months' date, all bearing three, and many ten or twenty, endorsements. The discount was allowed at the rate off per cent, per annum, and the amount paid to an exact point by some small balance in cash. Such bills-being always payable in London, bearing the endorsement of a respectable Lancashire banker, and on tbemincribed "in case of need with some banker, his agent, in London were given and received, by universal consent, in every trans- action, as cash, less the interest at the rate of S per cent, per annum. To maintain their own credit, bankers were trained to be scrupulously careful to issue and endorse only such paper as was perfectly regular at well as respectable and consequently, could not receive any other from their customers, without inconvenience and injury to themselves. This bill of exchange circulation brought from time to time, nearly all the paper that was discounted, under the scrutinizing eye of the trading public s therefore, a master could not draw on his servant-a gentleman on his pauper friend-a director on the manager or any other disreputable paper be created and discounted, without the probability of its being detected and scouted. Not only was this circulation available for every description of payment in Lancashire, but it was equally so III Londoners Overend, Gurney, and Co., and all the other eminent bill brokers of London, were ready to give \- operator is on the instant, at the lowest rate of discount, often even so low as at the rate of three per cent, per annum, and to an unlimited extent. When a bank or banker stops payment, and there is in circulation, of their own notes on demand, a large amount, the alarm and con- sternation in the neighbourhood of such failure railways great, and cases of individual hardship and distress amongst innocent Är,'7,tK8Scd> the '"""", the widow, nature fatherless is often so heart-rending, uri Can LOST? be likened 6 a PRU.'. When a banker in Lancashire . topped payment, and there was in circulation one million, and upwards, of bills of exchange he had iMuea and endorsed, very little inconvenience was Mr, either by the public or individuals ; fraud with very trifling exceptions, the A. I' V n y he,Cime "uc, were regularly paid I in the holders, by either the acceptors, draw 5s, or some of the numerous endorsers, without reference to the banker who had failed in consequently, all panic, and its consequences, were averted. n.,i!umiBhjt' Both course"'. be subject of enquiry, under the head of the " P/tilosopku of £5 'dream of wealth and prosperity clue has been flowing onward in Lancashire nat Ruffley season's team that has *" "Wed, V Been interrupted. by peace For by war, by civil (moved, or even by a famine itself, has not been mainly promoted by this, its peculiar circulating medium. I assure you, Sir, I have no animosity against the Sydney Bankers besides it would be ungenerous to add to the distress of those already so dejected; but if, in the endeavour to present some suggestions for public benefit, , I trespass on their feelings, it is with no evil 1 intent; and I pray you, Mr. Mayor, to make ship even" palatable to them. After we have turned the shortest day, I shall endeavour to throw out some tangible ideas, that may headed on, for re-establishing of confidence, and to give impetus, and a healthy tone to the very many valuable enterprises that may be put into activity in our Australia. I respectfully take leave of your Worship till next week, and have the honour to remain, Your obedient humble servant, THE GHOST OF COBBETT. June 8th, 1842. , 