THE GHUZNIE AND CABOOL DESPATCHES. (From the Bombay Times.) We to-day lay before our readers the despatches giving, in official form, the in- telligence formerly communicated of the destruction of Ghuznie and capture of Cabool. General Nott's despatches are meagre : so far as they go they are eminently satisfactory. The skirmishing in occupying the heights near Ghuznie, seems to have been serious ; and the engineer operations, though not required to be tested by action, appear eminently skilful. Major Sanders' report is an able one. We were misled, by the general statement that Ghuznie had been de- stroyed, into the belief that not the for- tifications only, but the city itself had suffered destruction to as great an extent as the circumstances of the force — with its train of twenty pieces of artillery — permitted. This, though in strict accord- ance with the recommendations of the great majority of our contemporaries, would have been a piece of mischief as wanton and cruel, as it would have been inglorious, useless, and unjustifiable. In the midst of these splendid triumphs on the fields of Afghanistan, the British army have no such unworthy acts to account for. The citadel, the walls of the fort, and city defence have been mined and blown to pieces. The gateways of the town and roots of the principal build- ings, have been set fire to : — the last, we presume included those only which could be considered public, and will, in all likelihood, occasion little danger to the private property of individual inhabitants of the town. This is an act warranted by both the laws and usages of war. The humanity and forbearance of General Pollock have been still more conspicuous: and should Cabool suffer no more at our hands than Ghuznie has done, his modera- tion and generosity will reflect on him no less glory than his successes in the field have won for him. His force has forborne to exact the vengeance to which they had been urged : — we have, in the midst of the most brilliant victories which have for a long time graced our annals, on the present occasion no deeds of ven- geance, havoc, or murder to deplore. The Afghans, now that we " have got at them, " find, that instead of retribution being exacted of them, to which the min- isters of the gospel of peace blushed not to urge us,— that vanquished as they have been in all their strength, and in the de- termination of last desperate encounter in the wildest and most terrific of their defiles, — they have not been more sur- passed by their conquerors in prowess and martial achievements, than in that humanity and moderation which has given Britain a prouder and loftier place among the nations of the world, than her all but invincible strength. We can, in the spirit which appears to have guided the ruler of these mighty realms, when he directed special thanksgiving to heaven to be offered up, approach the throne of an all-wise and gracious providence in the language of gratitude and adoration, with- out bringing the pollution of blood need- lessly shed into the sanctuary. The battle at Tezeen appears to have been a more stem and a more glorious one than our original advices led us to suppose. If our readers will peruse with care the clear and copious despatches of General Pollock, they will see that few more severe engagements have been won by us since the close of the Maharatta war. Though the numbers were more unequal than at Bameean — being five instead of ten to one — the ground was more difficult, and the resistance both in vigour and duration, infinitely more obstinate. There is no other fight which has occurred in Afghanistan for a moment to be compared with either. But the battle at Tezeen, though the fight of a few hours, was the close and the result of a six days brilliant movement over most difficult ground, where failure or even partial reverse, would have been fearfully disastrous to us. The Afghans and Ghilzies must now see that so little have they to expect in the shape of plunder, or anything besides hard knocks — grape and sharpnell — in attacking us, that it is probable we may be permitted to retire on Gundamuck with comparatively little molestation. The expedition has been carried in safety through: difficulties with which it was on every side surrounded, chiefly because the Afghans choose too bravely to meet us in the open field, where our triumphs were certain, and avoided that species of devastating war which might have been safe for them and perilous to us. As a piece of policy, we took, as we did at first, on the advance which has been so gloriously triumphant as at once useless and unwise. The same principle on which it was urged would, under any circumstances less successful, have compelled us to undertake a new war of indefinite duration. We never considered that the army had at any time disgraced itself; and we never, therefore, could discover, what were the foul and in- delible stains that nothing less than a war of vengeance could wipe away. The oriental empire of England appeared to stand in need of no blood-stanied props to save it from tottering to its fall. It may be very convenient for a nation to have its troops supposed unconquerable ; but the country which maintains that its honour is gone if battles be not uniformly won, throws that upon a hazard which sooner or latter must temporarily be lost, which before it deserves the name of " honour " must be in a nation's keeping. Without admitting stain or disgrace which our contemporaries assume as having attached to our troops in consequence of the calamity of last January, or supposing for a moment that our empire was ever threatened with danger, we have now double cause for rejoicing in our recent victories, in that our shield has, in our view, been not only restored to its former splendour, but in that its untarnished lustre has become more brilliant than be- fore ; our position, never perilled, will now be admitted by the most timorous of our opponents to be beyond the reach of suspicion. The timid who appeared un- able to sleep in quiet for fear of the power of the natives — the vengeance of the Hindoo and the anger and ferocity of the Musselman, may now find that repose which needed never, so far as we could discover, to have been disturbed by alarm for native insubordination, or anxiety as to how we might get most speedily and safely away from this treason- threatened country. We had recently occasion to notice the spiteful and malignant feelings manifested by certain writers in France and America in gloating over our misfortunes, and pre- dicting the rapid approach of the decay or downfall of our Indian Empire. The sentiment which dictated this strain was wretched and pitiful enough ; but the anticipation might not have been wholly groundless had Lord Auckland's policy been persisted in, as Lord Palmerston maintains that, under a Whig Administra- tion, it would have been. Under the reversed arrangement, which instead of three millions of deficiency of revenue, will in all probability restore to us a sur- plus of at least half this amount, the Empire of England in the east is likely to endure till the republic of America becomes a monarchy, and the citizen monarchy of France, passing through the ordeal of republicanism, returns once more to a despotism. How remote these events may be, it is not for us to speculate : until they shall have occurred, our kins- men or neighbours across the Atlantic or English Channel may spare them- selves the labour of looking to the East for signs our decay. We should not certainly have been disposed to pay even the price which the capture of Ghuznie and Cahool have cost us for in- struction to the revivers of Boston, or journalists of Paris, in the art of criticism in compiling history; but since the lesson has already been supplied, we trust our friends will profit by it, to the extent at least of being a little more cautious in their evil vaticinations as to our Oriental Empire ; — they may depend on it that there is a stronger power by far than that of the sword required to win and maintain with an army of 250, 000 men, an empire containing a hundred millions of souls; and that what bravely and enterprise has won,and justice and humanity attached to us, through two centuries, will not be alienated or severed from us by the merely military reverses of a single winter. The introduction of additional negatives into the text of an author, is held by critics to bring about the most marvellous alteration: converting a positive propo- sition into a negative one, and a negative into a positive. If these gentlemen will only introduce a sufficient sprinkling of " nots," by way of emendation, into what they have written in anticipation of the downfall of our empire, their predictions may pass, for a century or two as very feasible specimens of vaticination. To those who consider that civilization is disseminated by bloodshed, Generals Pollock and Nott must be regarded as very horrible obstructors of human en- lightenment, considering the opportunities that have been afforded them, and the manner in which they overlooked their improvement. With twenty or thirty pieces of artillery, within range of cities containing, like Ghuznie and Cabool, from 100,000 to 50,000 inhabitants, it must seem sad enough that not one round shot missionary, — not one handful of grape was sent forth to enlighten the benighted inhabitants ; that not so much as a single chief was gibbeted without trial, or dwel- lings destroyed without cause. To those whose shout has been for vengeance, — who would satisfied with nothing short of a fearful retribution in blood and ashes, —havock and devasta- tion — The retirement from the unscathed homes of our enemies must seem a most lame and impotent conclusion : the uses of the war stale, flat, and unprofitable.— We must, we fear, once more shock our contemporaries by the avowal of the anti- British and Phil- Affghan sentiment, that we regard the order of Lord Ellenborough for prayer and thanksgiving far more worthy of admiration than the war cry of the Calcutta Bishop, or Serampore missi- onary ; and the forbearance of General Pollock more becoming the moat warlike nation in the world, than had he left hetacombs of slain to appease the ghosts of our countrymen, or sown with salt the ruins of demolished Cabool. When the Parliament of England comes to thank him and his army, as thank him it must, for their high achievements, — when the Sovereign of England comes to bestow on them the rewards and honors so justly their due — they will not bear the sympa- thy of the people of England the less along with them, that they have failed to carry out the wishes of a majority of the British journalists in the East, nor need blush for any innovations in barbarism, or refinements in cruelty, beyond what is sanctioned by the laws and usages of war, or granted by the customs of Europe — however desired in India. A Well-seasoned Old. Smoker.-— The Castellano of Madrid states that a priest of Rivadavin has just died at the age of 112\. This man, during the latter years of his life, made seven meals a day, smoked in the same period twenty-four cigarettes, and took half an ounce of snuff. 