AMERICAN NOTES. We will give Boz's first impressions of some of the American Towns, which are amusingly quaint and characteristic ; and will, to begin, accompany Mr. Dickens to New York: — " The beautiful metropolis of America is by no means so clean a city as Boston, but many of its streets have the same characteristics; except that the houses are not quite so gaudy, the gilded letters not quite so golden, the bricks not quite so red, the stones not quite so white, the blinds and are railings not quite so green, the knobs and plates upon the street doors not quite so bright and twinkling. There are many by-streets almost as neutral in clean colours, and positive in dirty ones, as by -streets in London ; and there is one quarter commonly called the Five Points, which, in respect of filth and wretchedness, may be safely backed against Seven Dials, or any other part of famed St. Giles's. The great promenade and thoroughfare, as most people know, is Broadway — a wide and bustling street, which from the Battery- gardens to its opposite termination is a country road may be four miles long. Shall we sit down in an upper floor of the Carlton House Hotel (situate in the best part of this main artery of New York), and when we are tired of looking down upon the life below, sally forth arm-in-arm, and mingle with the stream ? Warm weather ! The sun strikes upon our heads at this open window, though its rays were concen- trated through a burning glass. But the day is in its zenith, and the season an unusual one. Was there ever such a sunny street as this Broadway ! The pavement stones are polished with the tread of feet until they shine again ; the red bricks of the houses might be yet in the dry hot kilns, and the roofs of the omnibuses look as though, if water were poured on them, they would hiss and smoke and smell like half-quenched fires. No stint of omnibuses here! Half a dozen have gone by within as many minutes. Plenty Of hackney cabs and and coaches too ; gigs, phætons, large- wheeled tilburies, and private carriages, rather of a clumsy make, and not very different from the public vehicles, but built for heavy roads beyond the city pavement. Negro coachmen and white, in straw hats, black hats, white hats, glazed caps, fur caps ; in coats of drab, black, brown, green, blue, nankeen, striped jean, and linen and there, in, that one instance (look while it passes, or it will be too late), in suits of livery. Some southern Republican, that, who puts his blacks in uniform, and swells with sultan pomp and power. Yonder, where that phæton with the well- clipped pair of greys has stopped, standing at their heads now, is a Yorkshire groom, who has not been very long in these parts, and looks sorrowfully round for a for a com- panion pair of top boots, which he may traverse half the city without meeting. Heaven save the ladies, how they dress ! We have seen more colours in these ten minutes than we should have seen else- where in as many days. What various parasols ! What rainbow silks and satins ! What pinking of thin stockings, and pinching of thin shoes, and fluttering of ribands and silk tassels, and display of rich cloaks with gaudy hoods and linings ! The young gentlemen are fond, you see, of turning down their shirt collars and cultivating their whiskers, especially under the chin ; but they cannot approach the ladies in their dress or bearing, being, to say the truth, humanity of quite another sort. Byrons of the desk and counter, pass on, and let us see what kind of men those are behind ye — those two labourers in holiday clothes, of whom one carries in his hand a crumpled scrap of paper, from which he tries to spell out a hard name, while the other looks about for it on all the doors and windows. Irishmen both ! You might know them if they were masked, by their long tailed blue coats and bright buttons, and their drab trousers, which they wear like men used to working dresses, who are used to no others. It would be hard to keep your model repub- lics going without the countrymen and countrywomen of these two labourers. For who else would dig, and delve, and drudge, and do domestic work, and make canals and roads, and execute great lines of internal improvement? Irishmen both, and sorely puzzled too to find out what they seek. Let us go down and help them for the love of home and that spirit of liberty which admits of honest service to honest men, and honest work for honest bread, no matter what it be. That's well ! We have got at the right address at last, though it is written in strange characters truly, and might have been scrawled with the blunt handle of the spade the writer better knows the use of than a pen. Their way lies yonder, but what business takes them there ! They carry savings. To hoard up! No. They are brothers, those men. One crossed the sea alone, and, working very hard for one half year, and living harder, saved funds enough to bring the other out. That done, they worked together, side by side, contentedly sharing hard labour and hard living for another term ; and then their sisters came, and then another brother, and, lastly, their old mother. And what now. Why, the poor old crone is restless in a strange land, and yearns to lay her bones, she says, among her own people, in the old graveyard at home ; and so they go to pay her passage back ; end God help her and them, and every simple heart, and all who tum to the Jerusalem of their younger days, and have an altar fire upon the cold earth of their fathers." We cannot follow Mr. Dickens further in his tour round New York, but strongly recommend everyone to do so who has a relish for lively description interspersed with outbursts of kindly feeling, such as are displayed in the conclusion of the above quotation. We now turn to Phi- ladelphia ; — " We reached Philadelphia late at night. Looking out of my chamber window, before going to bed, I saw, on the opposite side of the way, a handsome building of white marble, which had a mournful ghost-like aspect, dreary to be- hold. I attributed this to the sombre in- fluence of the night, and on rising in the morning looked out again, expecting to see its steps and portico thronged with groups of people passing in and out. The door was still tight shut, the same cold cheerless air prevailed, and the building looked as if the marble statue of Don Guzman could alone have any business to transact within its gloomy walls. I hastened to inquire its name and purpose, and then my surprise va- nished. It was the tomb of many for- tunes, the great catacomb of investment, the memorable United States Bank. The stoppage of this bank, with all its ruinous consequences, had cast ( as I was told on every side) a gloom on Philadelphia un- der the depressing effect of which it yet laboured. It certainly did seem rather dull and out of spirits. It is a handsome city, but distractingly regular. After walking about it for an hour or two, I felt that I would have given the world for a crooked street. The collar of my coat appeared to stiffen, and the brim of my hat to expand, beneath its quakerly influence. My hair shrunk into a sleek short crop, my hands folded themselves upon my breast of their own calm accord, and thoughts of taking lodgings in Mark- lane, over against the market-place, and of making a large fortune by speculation in corn, came over me involuntarily." " Here is Washington," says Mr. Dickens, "fresh in my mind and under my eye. Take the worst parts of the Cily-road and Pentonville, preserving all their oddities, but especially the small shops and dwellings occupied there (but not in Washington) by furniture brokers, keepers of poor eating-houses, and fan- ciers of birds. Burn the whole down, build it up again in wood and plaster, widen it a little, throw in part of St. Jobn's-wood, put green blinds outside all the private houses, with a red curtain and a white one in every window ; plough up all the roads ; plant a great deal of coarse turf in every place where it ought not to be; erect three handsome build- iogs in stone and marble anywhere, but the more entirely out of everybody's way the better ; call one the Post-office, one the Patent-office, and one the Treasury ; make it scorching hot in the morning, and freezing cold in the afternoon, with an occasional tornado of wind and dust ; leave a brickfield without the bricks to all central places where a street may na- turally be expected ; and that's Wash- ington !" Sweet Potatoes, — An exchange paper says that an old bachelor having been laughed at by a bevy of pretty girls, he told them they were "small potatoes." " We may be small potatoes," replied one of the girls, " but we are sweet ones !" The old bachelor felt as if he could eat every one of them up, and he said they ought to be all "roasted and dished." 