AUTUMNAL LYRICS. Thou art welcome, Gaffer Autumn, in thy suit of rusty brown, . The ale in which we quaff thy name right cheerily goes down, Let dotiog dullards whimper for the death-bed of the year, We like thee not a whit the worse for bringing Winter near, So shake thy leaves, old Autumn, on the ground where others fell, Like blessings from a father's hand, who bids his child farewell. Thy morning mists, old Autumn, may be tears the earth has shed, For the zephyrs and ,the flowers or the summer that hath fled ; But the mellow tints thy presence throws around the ruddy leayes, Are scarcely symbols we should choose to prove that Nature grieves Then shake thy boughs, old Autumn, scatter. fruit from them alone, As keepsakes that thou givest us to think of thefe when gone. Thou art doubly welcome, Autumn, for mankind thou dost remind, That life is drawing near its close, that care we leave behind ; And thy harvest and thy plenty are but emblems of the store Of knowledge and of happiness that man hath reaped before ! So welcome, Gaffer Autumn, shake thy leaves where others fell, They are blessings from a father's hands who bids bis child farewell. CURIOUS HABITS OF INTRUSION.— After din- ner, we went down to the, 'railroad again, and look our seats in the cars for Washington. Being rather early, those men and boys who happened have nothing particular to do, and were curious in foreigners, came (according to custom) round the carriage in which 1 sat ; let down all the win lows; thrust in their beads and shoulders ; hooked themselves on convenienly, by their el- lows ; and fell to comparing notes on the subjeisc of my personal appearance, with as much indi:- ferenoe as if I were a stuffed figure. I rttvnr gained so much uncompromising information with reference to my own nose and eyes, the various impressions wrought' by my mouth and chin on different minds, and how my head looks when ic is viewed from behind, as on these occasions, some gentlemen were only satisfied by ee- cising their sense of touch ; and the boys (who are sur- 'risingly precocious in America) ' were seld na inatisfied even by that, but would return to the page over and over again. Many a budding present has walked into my room with Ins cap m his head and his hands in his pockets and spared at me for .two .whole hoirs ; occasjon- ,lly refreshing himself with a 1 weak at his nose, a draught from the water jog ; or by walking to the windows and inviting other boys in the street below, to come up and do likewise ; crying ' liere he is !' Come on !' ' B ing all your others !' with other hospitable entreaties of at nature.— -l. id. An Indian Chief. — There chanced to be 6n board thU'beat, in addition to the usual dreary erowd of passengers, one Pitchlynn, a chief, of the Choctaw tribe of Indians, who sent his card teraj. and with whom I had the pleasure of a long conversation. He spoke Eng.ish perfectly well, though he had not begun to learn the lan guage, he told me, until he was a yonng man grown. He bad read many books ; and Scott'B poetry seemed to have left a strong impression on his mind ; especially the opening of The Lady of the Lake, and. the greatjbattle scene in Mar- mion, in which, no doubt, from the congeniality of the subjects to his own pursuits and tastes, he had great interest and delight. He appeared to understand correctly all he had reed ; and, what ever fiction had enlisted his sympathy in its be lief, had done so . keenly and earnestly, I might almost S'iy fiercely. He was dressed in our or dinary every day costume, which hung about his fine figure loosely, and with indifferent grace. On my telling him that I regretted not to see him in his own attire, he threw up his right arm for a moment, as though he were brandishing some heavy weapon, and answered, as he let P I all again, that his race were losing many, things I hes'de their dress, and would soon be seen on I the earth no more ; but he wore it at home he added proudly. He told me that he had keen away iron bis home, east of the Mississipi. seventeen months, and was now returning. H- had been chiefly at Washington on some nego tiations pending between his tribe and the Go vernment, which were not settled'yet (he stid in a metan h' ly way), and, he feared, never would he ; fo what cou'.d a few poor Indians d j, > g lins'-J pnnh well-skilled men of busine&B; as the v hues ? He \xad no loue fir Wash'ngton; tired of tiwns auU cfiiea very soon, and longed for the forest l and the prairie. I asked him what he thought of C ngress ? He answered, with a sm le, that it wanted dignity in an Indian's eyes. He would I very much like, he said, to see England before he died ; and spoke wi h much interest of the great things to be seen there. When I told him of that chamber in the British Museum, wnertin ore preserved household memorials- of a race that ceased to be, thousands of years ago, he was very attentive, and it was not hard to see ihat he had a reference in His mind to the gradual fading awav of Lis own people. This led us to speak of Mr. Catlip's gallery, which he prai ed highly, observing that his own portrait was in .the col lection, and that all the likenesses were " ele4 gar.t." Mr. Cooier, he said, had painted the 11- d Man w 11: aid so -would I, he knew, if I would go home wiih him and hunt buff- iloesy.whick he was quite anxious I shoul-l do. When I to,d him that supposing Iwm , I shm'd not be likely to damage .the buffaloes much, he took it as a g eat joke and laughed heavily. He Wi,s a re markably handsome man ; some years past forty, J iinuid ju 'gs ; with orgblso'cheir, an aquiline nose, broad cfteek bones, a sua burnt complexion, and a very . bright, keen, dark, and - piercing eye. . There ware but 29,000 of the Choctawslefti he SB d, n 1 their number were decreasing every day. A fiw of his. brother chiefs had been « b'iged to tecime civilised, and to make them selves acquainted with what the whites knew, for it wis their only chance of existence. But they were not many ; and the rest were as ihey al« ays had been. He dwelt on this : and said several times that unless they tried to assiro late them- 8 l\r !s to their conquerors, they must be swept away before tie strides cf civilised society. "V h W : shoo1 ha da at pa t ng, I told him lie r ust o ie to 1 ng md, as 1 e ionge.l to see the land o much : t .at I si ould hope to see bim "tiis.t 0 -e day: and that I ciuld promise bim that he would be well received and kindly treated. I He wus evidently p'eased by- this assurance. 1 tf 0 gh he rejoined with a good-humoured smi'e ai d ail arch shake of his 1 e rd, that the English I used to be very fond of the Red Men when they j wanted their-heip, but had not cared much for thim 'since. He took his leave; as stately and complete a gentleman of Nature's making as ever I 1 beheld ; and moved among the people in the I 1 oaf, another kind of being. He sent me a lithographed portrait of himself 60on afterwards ; I very like, though scareely handsome enough ; which I have careful! v nreaerved in memory of our brief acquaintance.— Dickens' American A'otes. A Grateful Speech. — Gent'emen,— My grandmother was a very particular o-d lady, and> always endeavoured to impress upon my mind lli't gra itude was the first of virtues. A gridr ' iro i, gentl men, is a culinary implement, that I may be easily seen through. Would that my f '«ast were as open, that you might, at one j 1 :ic , Bee the sincerity of my grateful feelings. A gimlet will pierce a deal beard, a darning? needle the heel of a wc rted stocking ; but neither 1 are more penetrating than that kindne; s which y 0 1 have shown me on this occasion. " A tarthing rush light-— u single farthing rush light, gentle men, would appear almost ridiculous in the centre of a spacious room, but it gives all the light it cm, and deservts not to be laughed at. My giatitude, geutlemen, is like that spacioup room —my eloquence, that tartlrng ru»h light. Bread gud cheese, gentlemen, is humble fare ; «but when it is given with a hesrey welcome, it is better than venison and rlaret fiom the table of a proud mm ; , jj l' the guest will rather receive it in toe spirit it is given, than for its rial worth. In like manner, I would crave your indulgent acceptance of my humble thanks— not less sincere for their homeliness, and my ardent m ishes that you may ell enjoy long life, health, and prosperity. Schoolmaster— " Robert, compare the adjhefive co'rf." Robert — "Passive, cold; comparative, Cvuy/t ; superlative, An American Abomination. — R,fih house I (the Houses of Legislature,) are handsomely - I carpetted ; bnt the state to which th-se carpet. are reduced by the universal disregard of the spit j toon with which every honourable member is I accommodated, and the extraordinary improve- ments on the pattern which are squirted anc dibbled upon it in every direction, do ndt admit of being described. I will merely observe, tha, I I stronaly recommend all strangers net to look I at the floor; and if they happen fo. drop any thing, though it be their purse, not to pick it uj with an ungloved hand on any account. It is somewhat remarkable too at fl g% to say thi least, to see so many honourable members with swelled faces ; ami it is scarcely less remarkable to discover that this appearance is caused by thi quantity of tobacco they contrive to stow within the hollow of the cheek. - It is strange enough t o, to see an honourable gentleman leaning back in his tilted chair, with his legs on the desk be fore him, shaping a convei i nt " plug" with his I penknife, and when it is quite ready for use, shooting the old one from his mouth, as from a pop gun, anl clapping ths new one in its place. I was ' surprised to observe that even steady o.'J ch:wers of great experience are not a' ways good mark smen, vvh ch has rather inclined me to doubt I that general pr .ficiency of a r.fe of which wel h. ve heard ro much in England. Several gentle men called upor. me, who, in the c >urse of con- 1 versa tion, frequently missed the a.ritto n at five paces; and one (but he was <etainly short sighted) mistook the closed saih for the open window, at th ee. On another occasion, when I dined out, and was sitting with two ladies and so n e gentlemen ..round a fire b fore dinner, one. of the company fell short of the fire-pace six (list inct times, I am disposed to th'nk, I owevgr, tha this was occasioned by his not aiming a' that.olject ; as there was a white marble hearth before the fender, which' was more conve ier.t. and may have suited his purpose better. It was a fine evening when we were passengers in the tmin ; and watching the bri-. h sunset from a little window near the door by which we sat, my attention was attracted to a remark able appearance issuing from 'the windows cif the gentleman's car immediately in front of ns, which I supposed for some time was occasioned by a number of industrious persons inside rippin-c open feather beds and giving the feathers to the wind. At length it occurred to me that hey a ere only spitting,1 which was. indeed the case ; though how any number of pq=s ngers which it I was possible for that car to contain, could have I nmin'a'm-d such a playful and incessant showi r of , expectoration I am at a lots to understand, notwithstanding the experience in all sa'i aory "hen omena which I a terwards acqu r d. In all tin' pub i ? place of America this filthy custi m is c gr i ed. In the cou. t of 1 w, the judge has uis s itt>on, .ne cr.er his. ;he witness his, and the prisoner li s. w >ile the jury men and sp ctaiQ -s are provfi ed for, as so man y men who, in tie courss of na are, must desire to spit incest ft itly. ' In the hospfia's the stuien's of medicine are requested, by notices up tn the wall, to eject their tobacco jugs into I t.ie boxes provided for that purpo e,and no: ti discolour the stairs. In public b > Idinga. visitor are implored, through the same agency, to squirt the essence of their quids, or " plugs,'-' as I have heard them called by gentlemen learned in this kind of swaeimeat, into the national apfi toons, and not .about the base of the marble co.umns. Bat in some parts this cuvom is inseparably mixed up with every meal ant morning c!il<, and with all the transactions of social life. The stran ger, who .follows in the track I to k myself will find it io its full bloom and glory, .luxuriant 1 in all its alarming recklessness, at Washington, I an I let him nut persuade himself (as I once did, I o my shame), that previous tourists had exag- g ritad its extent. The thing itself is an ex- icgeration of nastiness,, which cannot be outdone. —Ibid. The Queen. — A paragtagh on the Interesting I and delicate subject of her Majesty's he-dth and p> rioiial condition h»8 gone he round of the papers. We, however, refrained from copying it j last week, aud have no reason to regret our reserve. We feel we may now sta'-e that the important and delicate event announced by our I contemporaries has nut been mentioned in those! circl s mcst likely to be well informed uj a i what so in fin itely concerns their beloved Sovereign. — Observer. A Churchwarden's Panacba.for Mer- i canttle F.mijarras>ments. — A gentleman in a parish not a ha >dred miles from Southend, in the course of a convers ion with the Church warden of his parish, happened to mention that he had received q letter from Sydnev, " Wlut's the news there ?" asked the Churchwarden " Why, Sir," was the reply, " 1 am sorry to say that our friends who have emigrated there find things very bad ; indeed ihtre seems to be I j quite a commercial panic in the Colony." " Oh 1 ah 1 Yes, we shall hear no more of that,!' replied the sapient Churchwarden, " we are going to send out a Bishop there." Taking Wine with Ladies. — A distin guished maximut says, that whenever you ask q lady to take wine, you should fill htr glass to the brim, in despite of protestations, and look the j other way till she has emptied it. It stands to reason that tfce number of glasses women allow themselves, being limited, should be fulU The following important announcement war lately exhibited in a cellar window in Preston : — " A new Skool held hear every nite, but Sundt uitei tuppuns a weke, them as lerns manen tuppnus moar." The United Stater Bank — Ph,iladei. i phta.— We reached Philadelphia late at night. I . Looking out of my chamber window, before goir.g I io bed, I saw on the opposite Bide of the way s I nandsoine building of white marble, which had a I mournful, ghost?like aspect dreary to behold. I attributed this to the sombre influence of the I night, and on rising in the morning locked oui I again, expecting to see its steps and por'ict f hronged with groups of people passing in and I out. The door was s ill tight shut, the same cold cheerless air prevailed, and the building looked i as if the marble statue of Don Guzman could I alone have any business to transact within its I gloomy, walls. I hastened to inquire its name I and purpose, and then my surprise vanished. It I was the tomb of many fortunes, the great cata comb of investment, tbo memorable United! States Bank. The stoppage of this bank, with !. all its ruinous consequences, had cast (as I was 1 told on every side) a gloom on Philadelphia, I under the depressing ifhct of which it yet la- 1 boured. It certain'y did seem rather dull and I... ont of spirits. It is a handsome city, hut dis I tractingly regular. After walking about it for an j hour or two, I felt that I would have given the I world for a crooked street. The collar of my cjat appeared to stiffen, and the brim of my hit I | to expand, beneath its Quakerly influence. My 1 hair shrunk into a sleek short crop; my hands | folded themselves upon my breast of their own | a -cord, and thongh s of taking lodgings in Mark- 1 lane, -over against the market-place, and of max- I ing a large fortune by speculations in coin, came I I over me involuntaiily.— Ibid. J I A gentleman in want of a wife (not 100 miles I from Worcester) addressed a passionate billet, j I doux to a lady, and added this eligible postscript: I " Don't be long in answering, as I have somelodi, j else in my eye." I There is a lady in Boston to, modest that she j. la'ely discharged ber cook for seiving up a half- | ! dressed leg of .mutton, I When Nelson visited the Royal Naval hospital I at Yarmouth, after the battle of Copenhagen, he | went round the wards, stopped at every heJ , and I I to every man said something kind and cheering. I At length, he stopped opposite ta a bed on which | was lying a sailor who had lost his right arm close I to the shoulder joint,, wken the following short I dialogue ensued,— Nelson : " Well ! Jack, what's I the matter with you ?" Sailor: " Lost my right I arm, your honor." Nelson paused, looked down ! at his empty sleeve, then at the sailor, and said | I playfully," Well, Jack, then you and I are spoiled I for fisnermen : cheer up, my brave fellpw." ' I At the winflow of a marne store-shop in Lon- don, a paper is exhibi:ed, from which the follow- ing is .copied verbatim, — " To Deligates and the | Wurking Clsssia— ?Take Notis— Keep your Tern j pe'rBs — Wate Payshently — Time will Com— Bring I Your Old Rags and fianss Hear— The Best Prise I .Guv — Fl'ar« Uf." - I A large Ceylon elephant, harnessed like s | horse, kit with a proportionately huge collar anc I traces, passed through Fleet-street, Cheapsid , I and other streets of London on Wednesday aftei- I noon, drawing one of Hylton's v ns of trained I animals, to which t q docile animal belonged. I Latour Manlocrg l ist. his leg at the bat le | Leipsic. Aster he had suffered amputation with I the greatest courage, he saw his servant crying. I or pretending to cry, in the corner of the room. I " None of your hypocritical tears, you idle dog'" I said his master, M you know you are very glad ; I for now you will haye only one boot to c(ean in- I I steqd of two" I The following jqu d'sprit was sept a few days I ago to the assessor at Hanley, Worcestershire, by I a tradesman in that parish, as his peturp to the income- tax ; I »« I .. v do hereby declare, That I've balanced my books with great care, ' I I And find, from my capital being small, I That the profit of trade is nothing at all." I At f-a; tago, there are always public rejoicings j when persons die young, on account of tlieir- I having fewer sins to answer for. 