IRELAND AND REPEAL. -o- 1 (From the Tablet, May 8.) We never felt less inclination than we do at thu a present moment, to write one single line of what F can reasonably be called bluster or rodomontade about the condition of Ireland, and the popular t feeling wish regard to Repeal. We consider the t whole subject as possessing an importance which it c is not easy to overrate, and we wish to draw the at- r tention of our English readers to a plain and unver. t niahed statement of facto. We are not going to use any heated declamation, for ee believe that there never was a question which required to be ap.. preached and judged by a cooler and more deliberate t judgment. We are willing to take the facts of the case at the very lowest ; and to the facts so taken t we wish our readers to give their best, their most at. tentive, and most impartial consideration. We set out then with expressing our own pesooal conviction and belief, that unless some unexpected and unforeseen accident comes across the scene to change the current of affairs, there will, within a moderate space of time, be either Repeal or Civil War. As we are naturally anxious to make our opinion worth as much as we can, we have neither formed this belief suddenly, nor do we express it without full deliberation. If, then, our opinion has any weight with any considerable section of our English readers, we beg most respectfully to offer them our fixed, deliberate, and unimpassioned opinion, that in the natural course of things there must be either Repeal or Civil War within a moderate space of time; and of the two, we very much incline to the belief that Repeal is the more probable. If there is any ground for entertaining such an opinion, it is of inexpressible importance to understand well and clearly.beforehand what it is we have to front. We wish, then, our English readers quietly to lay aside the notion that Repeal is a mere word made use of every Monday in Dublin, in connexion with certain periodical receipts of money ; and endeavour to form some conception, that it Is not a word, but a thing. We wish then not to be taken by surprise; but to bring it home to themselves as a fact-indis. putable as the rising of ilhe sun-that most certainly three years, most probably one year, very possibly three months- will witness a very marked, material, P and fundamental change in the relations between O England and Ireland. Repeal or Civil War. It at is of no use to lament or wring our hands about it. st The only point of real moment is to ascertain whe- cl ther this alternative be a fact, and if so, then to deal sa with the fact like men. For our parts we believe the re alternative to be almost inevitable;-lRepeal, if the P Irish people are commonly wise and prudent-Civil War, if they are rash, foolish, and intemperate. sa Neither of these alternatives is exactly to our taste; he but of the two we need hardly say that we very bi much prefer Repeal. w Our opinion (such as it is) on the expediency of ri Repeal, if by any fair and moderate line of conduct w it could be avoided, is on record. That opinion we 4 have not changed in the slightest degree. Speaking cc of this country as we always feel, as of an immense Empire, or aggregate of Kingdoms, States, and Colonies, in the well-being of every part of which th we take equal interest in proportion to its import- is ance, and to the firm cohesion of which we attach th almost measureless value-we regard the Repeal of the Union as a great blow, not to England merely, go but to the Empire-second only to that which it re- hi ceived in the achievement of American Indepen- - dence. Entertaining this feeling, we wish the blow at to be made as little dangerous as calm forethought se can render it. Against enforcing the Union upon an unwilling nation by the means of civil war, we, si with Lord Althorp, are set firmly and unhesitatingly. wi Of all conceivable political measures, that of a civil do war to subject Ireland to our unjust legislation re would be the most certain to ensure the dissolution m of the Empire. The other alternative- Repeal- cr may be brought about in two ways-well or ill; m with forethought or without forethought ; with secu- m rities and statesmanlike providence, or in a wild, th bungling, and insane manner. Of these two we ai again need hardly say that we prefer the former; w that we prefer taking time by the forelock, and, by or seasonable arrangements of circumstances, adapting vi ourselves to the Iuevitable, as We have on great fancy for tracing out in our own imaginations a supposed current of events pre determined by destiny, and then settling down into hi the belief that with destiny it is useless to struggle. bi This is ordinarily the resource, or no-resource rather, a1 of fools, sluggards, and cowards. Wise ten, brave Iv men, and energetic men, set themselves against what a' the former class style the decrees of destiny, and fr make a destiny for themselves by turning the course C of events into new and unexpected channels. On the other hand, it is quite lawful for those who are 01 rather spectators of events than actors in them, who " have no conceivable influence on the adoption of tl the public measures in question, and who are at doomed to witness the entire rejection of the coun- it seels they would have advised, to mark down-not rt for the purpose of discouragement, but of prepara- P' tion-the turnings and windings of the stream, and oJ to proclaimn aloud for the information of all con- n cerned the nearing and direction of the current. In ri this question of Repeal, if we had any influence on is the public councils, we would, most assuredly, not P speak the language we are now using. On the con- C trary, desiring as we do to avert Repeal, we would " iwith all our hearts and soul apply ourselves to this ti object, and strive to ward off a public calamity by at doing inflexible and unsparing justice, by using every power of the crown and every function of the si legislature to crush and render impotent the ntis- ti doers, and in this way we would seek to change the current, not ignominiously to swim witlh it. We i believe it is yet time to do this. We believe the it imperial legislature, by an honest government of " Ireland, might abate Repeal for ever. We feel b certain, however, that no such effort will he made, 0 and we therefore take leave to point out what we li reverently conceive to be the finger of God manoi. fested in the recent extraordinary concusrence of events. Never surely in so short a time did so mighty ti a movement as the present Repeal movement spring ti up, grow and wax great. ti It was at the beginning of this year that Mr. O'Connell, hoping against hope, amidst universal laughter or smiles of derision, announced that this was to be " the Repeal year." The cause seemed then to be languid enough. From January I to May I are just four months. Where is this lan guislliog cause now ? It is hardly too much to say that it is almost triumphant. Four months have elapsed since Mr. O'Connell was jeered at as a quack who was cheating the .people with a nostrum, the practicability of which he did not himself be lieve. Who dares to say so now 1 le has made it practicable. lie has removed the grand impe. diments to its triumph-l-aertness and unbelief. He has been helped on by a few very favourable incidents-and where have all these brought us? We will a second time take a test which all Eng. lislrhmen understand : we mean the money paid for. Repeal. 'three weeks ago we showed how tue repeal rent had risen within a few months, fromn A24 a week, £84, £142, to £473. Since then it has taken another start. Last Monday we finad the rent nearly seven hundred potndse-6S3 9a 2dd-or at the rate of between thirty and forty thousand pounds a year. But we are not looking at this sum in the gross. What we are concerned with, is not the gross sum of £36,000, but the difference be. tween £E26.000 and ,,5,000, which was thire amount of last oear's sent. Taking a very moderate esti. mate we may say that, within thie last four months, the enthusiasm, zeal, energy, and determination of tthe Irish people to carry ltepeal have been multi a plied seven fold-that the active Repealers of Ire land have been multiplied seven fold. Now, we a tell our English readers that the latent and inactive a Repealers of Ireland are a most important body in a every sense of the word. Speaking of them in the Slump, we may say that they include the main bulk of those Irishmen who are not active Repealers. I For the truth is, that while individual Englishmen Sare loved and welcomed in Ireland, England is hated a and abhorred; and the hulk of Irishmen have Ieen a deterred from being Repealers by the behlef that i Repeal will not succeed. This vis inertie, this r despair of the future, this strongest prop of the Ir Union, is now abolished. There are few men, who, it judging by the mighty stride that lras been made in as so short a time, are not in a capacity to see that er perseverance in thre same ellorts will bring ot a still ar more signal success. Tie inert and desponding mil. 1, lions are roused. 'IThey are flocking everywhere in Lre Leinster, Mluaster, ay, and even in Ulster, at Mr. :o O'Connell's heels, in thousands and hundreds of o thousands. If Almighty God gives Mr. O'Connell re hIealth and strength, he will see a Parliament ie is College.green. rd But let us take a hasty glance at some other points io in this great case, There are two matters conseeted e withl the Orangemen of Ireland whichl have been of helping this agitation forward not a little. 'The one in is the discontent of a large sectieon of thens openly to expressed against the government, who, by their organ, the Mail, are clamourlng for a national Irish party. The other is the rabid malignity of the rabble of that party - through which one murder of a Repealer has already been committed in Ulster, at Clones - and which, speaking through the Evening Packet, the organ of the government section of the Orangemen, already threatens Mr. O'Connell with assassination ; and in the columns of the Cork Con stitution expresses its pious regrets that the Catholic clergy are not massacred. We put both these pas sages on record for the peculiar edification of our readers. These are the words of the Evening Packet : " We tell Mr. Daniel O'Connell, in a pathetic spirit, that if he shall live much longer by Repeal. he will die by Repeal. The shoemaker's blood has been the first sacrifice on the altar of Repeal, but who shall say it will be the last ? If Daniel O'Connell shall fall in the inglorious agitation, his survivors will have the satisfaction of reading on his tomb - 'He died a Repealer.' To this complexion it must come at last." These of the Cork Constitution: - "There has been blood in the north ; the pity is, that it has not been taken from less vulgar veins. It is the incendiary instigators, the reverend Repealers, that ought to suffer." These expressions, and the general tone of swag gering Orange ferocity which the Repeal agitation has roused up into fresh vigour, are having the effect -now that the Repeal spirit is fairly roused-of stimulating still more, if possible, the energy and re- solution of the Repealers. Another topic which is co.operating most exten- se sively with Repeal is the Poor Law. The old law to was bad; and though not old in years, it has become s8 decrepit and palsied in every limb. Everywhere oi resistance to it is spreading, is becoming more and de more successful, and the enforcement of it is be- o coming less vigorous and hearty. It is hated, and nt most justly hated, as one of the vilest, basest, and f most unchristian laws-in fact if not in intention- t that ever was enacted. It was enacted we believe, a and it is one of the few laws that has been enacted, SI with a sincere wish to do justice to Ireland ; and this di solecism in English legislation is pointed at by its victims and those who loathe it, and they say one to co another-",See here how England legislates for us when she wishes to do us good. We hardly know in which we should most curse her for, her benefits or her injuries." The nature of the existing law has C brought about, among Orangemen almost as much as among Liberals, this state of feeling ; and just a when this feeling is at its height, out comes the as amended law-the Poor Law Amendment Bill-tithe fruit of all the deep meditation of the Tory councils. h Of this we may surely conceive some good hopea? s We take it up, and we find that while the principle 0e of workhouse relief remains unaltered, the manage moot of the law is to be rendered still more unpopular c than ever. The boards of guardians are, at the pre. d sent time, composed of one.third official and two. tr thirds elective guardians. Lord Eliot, or those who th rule Lord Eliot, have thought to sweeten the unpo. it pularity of the measure by increasing the number of ci ofacial guardians to one.half. Is it possible for mad- th ness to go further thitan this? The poor law is the th right hand of the Repeal agitation, and this new bill Be is a two.edged sword in Mr. O'Connell's not wholly at powerless fingers. " The new poor law," says Mr. O'Connell, " is too verbose. It might have been w made much shorter by comprising it in two sentences, tsi thus-' Be it enacted, that the poor law commis- m sioners shall have unbounded dominion over the rich ci and poor of the land;' and to this sentence there 13 should have been appended a second clause, con. le taining the requisite proviso to the following purport : in ' Provided always and be it enacted, that they shall h invariably exercise that dominion in the most insult- at ing manner.' If this bill," says Mr. O'Connoell, so " becomes the law of the land, I will let my property ' be distrained, but never again will I voluntarily pay I one l enny of the poor rate." Of a truth, this amended se law is doomed before its birth." it Another circumstance is the foolish notice by Mr. 8' Lane Fox, for the suppression of the Repeal agita- ti tion, and for the call of the house of commons on tle 11Ih of May. This, like most of the other things that sMr. O'Connell has recently had to contend v with, is rather to be looked on as a meansof keeping i up the excitement of a contest, and drilling his c troops for the more serious battle that lies before ti them. We need no ghost to tell us, we hardly need a fMr. O'Oonnell's assurance-that he will not obey 0 the call on the l ith of May. Mr. Lane Fox is just one of that class of persons whom Providence sends a inloto a patty to damage it irrecoverably. His motion, s which the government will not sanction, while they a will and must condemn the agitation, will teach the a Repealers that their enemies would put them down t if they dare ; but that they dare not, and that they I cannot. The public refusal to obey the call of the c house will be the first public step towards practically c setting aside of the imperial legislature when it s clashes with' the wishes of Ireland, and trampling t on the English parliament, in a manner that will be 1 infinitely gratifying to the pride of Irishmen. The discussions on Repeal in the various Irish ' Scorporations, and the immense accession of moral influence to the Repeal cause thence arising, to. Sgether with many other eubordisale topics, we pass Sby for want of space; and we close our imperfect catalogue by mentioning Mir, O'Connell's plan for San Association of 300 quaoi.delegates, from the va. Srious constituencies of Ireland, to prepare a Bill for Ithe Repeal of the Union. The man who is followed Swherever hie goes by hundreds of thousands of Re. pealers, who levies tribute like a monarch, who has Sroused into activity this wide.spread national feeling, Sand filled his countrymen with these resolute ex pectations in the space of four months, who dares to defy the hlouse,of commons to a personal encounter, Sand who, with all these pledges for the realityof the struggles in which hie is engaged, commences his a opesatioos with a quoai.Parliament to enact Repeal a beforehand, must be admitted to be a very dangerous k antagonist, and to be very confident of his own success. SNow, we beseech those who may have followed d us through this imperfect sketch of what has recently n happened, and is now happening in Ireland, to bear it in mind that this is no fanciful agitatlon,-empty, is barren, begotten of the east wind. It is a stern Ssubstantial reality. Whatever may be thought of i, the prudence of the remedy, there can be no doubt that the agitation of tihe question is based on the st moet essential principles of justice-that it is an II agitation against thle worst, the most loathsome, the 1 most besotted system of injustice thIat ever cursed a Sland with its abominable sway. Let the persons r. who doubt our predictions bear in mind that this of successful agitation, though it seems sudden, is in II truth the fruit of years of hard toilsome labour and it Indefatigable wrestliogs with doubt, timidity, and by.gone disappointments ; that this is an old agi' ts lation, deliberately planned, consitently carried ad out, and which is just ripening and coming to a sn head. Let them bear in mind that so deep a root no has the love of Repeal in the publio mind of Ireland, Ily that while it allowed itself, at the biddnlog of Mr. sir O'Connell, to be buried for a time when seemingly si approaching towards success; oand though over. ie whelmed with tile disappointment of that sepulture, of it has yet consented slowly, deliberately, but com at pletely to he evoked again, to be raised up to its g present height, and to be once more carried on whthe oclreasing activity, vigoucr, and the moct confident expectations of success. 