THE WHIGS AND TORIES. (From the Morning Chronicle.) fa Allowing for the natural exaggeration incidental B to antithesis, we may say that at present the Whigs B have principles without a party, but that the Tories are a party without principles. The contrasts which C occasionally arise out of such a state of things are at times very droll. The vanquished party is the triumphant one ; tihe triumphant party has success. F fully played a losing game, or, in the Irish phrase, "gained a very great loss." Each party has two voices. At one moment the government is praised for adopting Whig principles, and the next moment condemned for its treachery to its supporters. Such I: a contradiction is far easier explained than the ab. surdity of professing great admiration of the tran scendnnt talents of Sir Robert Peel, wonderful p confidence in his government, and yet carefully re fusing to give a pledge of support to his measures. With a single exception, there is no such thing as B a Tory now a days, however simple country folks may deceive themselves. The vessel of Toryism split in pieces on the rock of Catholic emancipation; ; and though some of the crew swans ashore, and were seen alive till within a recent period, it is conjecr tured that they have now ceased to exist. To be N sure, during thei latter period of the Whigs being in office, a number of impostors went about the country N declaring that they were the true and genuine Tories of the olden time, but that they disliked their short name and had taken a longer oue--lad changed from Tory to Conservative, on the same principle of that Bubb Doddington was advised to give himself w a dignified aspect in the eyes of the people of 0 Spain, by lengthening his name to Syllabub Dod. dington. II Not indeed that the Tories are extinct in the bh country, though they have disappeared from par liament and the government. Your Puseyito is the ci true, genuine type of a Tory, the resuscitated remn li nants of the race which flourished before the flood. pl Catholic emaccipation was the galvanic battery a which called Puseyism into ipost diluvian existence, w and enabled the ghosts of other days to glide about gi amongst men. The Puseyite goes back, not to re before the reform bill, but to before the reformation, c he does more than stand on the old paths, for he he stands on tilhe most ancient of the old ; he wishes to is see England restored to the condition in which sihe won when we had monasteries, but no colonies; AI churches, but no factories; when Lancashire was a ei desert, and Yorkshire a waste. This is Toryism- ti true, unmitigated Toryism ; whose creed is that of 0 the " many made for the few," and which adopts in its most rigid form the principle of Hooker, that the r, church is the commonwealth, and the commonwealth b the church. All this is perfectly true of them, even h though amongst the Puseyites there are men who advocate the throwing down of pews in churches, and the giving of holidays to the people. a There might, indeed, be cause not only for jealous watchfulness, but for dlarm, if the efforts of our h theological Tories were effectively seconded by a modern Hlildebrand-if Lambeth Palace were oc cupied by a Laud, whosoe nfluence predominated in Buckingham Palace, Downing-street, and in the I legislature. But who are the mighty wrestlers wit J modern gigantic evils-the great pleaders in tire house of commons for the revivification of ecclesi astical supremacy--the prophets who can bid tire sun go back on Time's dial, and restore us to whats we were three centuries ago I Is it Sir Robert Iiarry Inglis? " Good easy man !" Ire takes up Iris station in the house of commons whenever he thinks it necessary to claim for thle church thile riht of being supreme instructress of the people, to protest against the sweeping away of ecclesiastical courts "coeval with the conquest," or to assure the public that at Westminster Abbey there is " no charge for de votion ;" anud having said lis say, Ihe has relieved his conscience, done his duty, and achieved all re can. But there in Mr. Gladstone ! Yes, he is there, at the board of trade, where ihe is too busy acquiring and inculcating free trade notions to insist on high church ones. With the exception, then, of the Puseyites, there are no Tories. They have retired before tire adva ace of Whig principles, as the bison retreats before the march of civilization. Without a powerful leaven of Toryism in general society, Puseyism can make no permanent progress ; and where is this Toryism to be found 1 Not in the government; for all its chief men. though professing Conservatism, are either old Whigs revived, or old Tories who have cast their akin, and are as Whoiggish as their tender condition will admit of. Is it in the House of Commons ? Two.thirds of its members voted for the tariff, and would vote for a moderate fixed duty on foreign corn, and for large measures of liberal education, if the ministry had but the pluck, in accordance with their inclinations, to propose them. Is it amongst the Conservattve merchants of the city of London ? Ihey are all of ithem to a man in favour of free trade, and free trade is too active, too liberalising, and too volatile to permit men's minds to be bottled up in Puseyism. In short, where is Toryism in general society ? Echo, with a sigh, answers-Where ? And where are thie Whigs ? Everywhere; in the governoment, into tihe Conservative majority of the House of Commons, to thie city of London, in tihe country, and even amongst the farmers. Turned out of office, shut out of government, their party, so far as immediate action is concerned, not numerically great, yet their principles all powerful. The reason is clear enough. Their principles are those of na tional safety and national welfare ; they are the true Conservatives; their creed is- the greater good of thire people, the greater the security of the state. l'hey have striven for Catholic emancipatron ; they removed the civil disabilities of the Dissenters; they passed the reform bill ; they sought to extend a nan tional education; at once religious and rational, yet perfectly consistent with the rights of conscience and their latest effourts have been directed toextending the field of employment for British commerce and trade, and thereby to increase the phlysical comfort and enjoyment of the people. The principles they profess are vital in their own nature, and will animateo all true Briltish hearts, so long asan enlightened love of country and of rational freedom are one and the same; and believing that this noble spirit is not dead ,in the hearts of Englishmen, we confidently believe a that ere long it will be discovered, that what was Ssupposed to be the signal triumph of Toryism at tihe Slast general election, was the sorest defeat which it ever sustained. a RAILWAY EXPLosION.-- At Blaok t uwood, on the Newport and Tredegar Railway, the I, Vule n engine was suddenly blown up, and the r. fragments killed upon the spot Mr. Davis, a farmer, y of Bultry Hatch, whoire was in hiIs 70th year, and i Mr. Philip Williams, a tradesman, of Blackwood. r, ITwo other persons were greatly injured, many hIouses • in the village were shattered by thie shock, and the tsI property destroyed was wortih £1000.- Tablet, 6thf i Maly. 