ENGLISH. | ,.. I How TO MAKE MONET.—'fflie New 1 Orleans Picayune thus instructs people generally:—" Let thebusiness of every body else alone, and attend to your own. Don't buy what you don't want. Use. every hour to advantage,-and study to make even leisure hours useful. Think twice before you throw away a dollar; remember you will have another to make for it. Find rccreation in looking after your business, and so your business will not be neglected in looking alter recreation. Buy low, sell fair, and take care of the profits. Look over your books regularly, and if you find an error of a cent, trace it out. Should a stroke of misfortune come upon you in trade, retrench, woik harder, but 'never fly the track.' Confront difficulties with unflinching per- severance, and they will disappear at last. Though you should even fail in the stsuggle. you will bc'honoured ; but shrink from the task, and you will be despised, By following these rules, however, ,you ' need never say fail.' Pay debts promptly, and so exact you dues. Keep your word. Take the papers —advertise." EXTRAORDINARY PERSECUTION.—There are now, or were lately, in the Waterside two persons whose joint history is not unlike that of Jason and Medea, only the female part has none of that fell spirit of vengeance which burned in the bosom of the Colcliian sorceress. Their names are James Connell and Bridget M'Guire ; he, a carpenter, and she, by courtesy, a spinster. To escape the persecution of her blandishments, he has had to fly from place to place; and she. with the sure instinct of a sleuthhound, has tracked him wherever he went, and insists that she shall have the beatitude of at least gaz'ng on his face, which, we may slate, is not cxactly iliatofan Endymion. This gazing she declares is all that she wants, and maintains that there is no law to stand in the way of that enjoyment. The fatigue, privations, and grief which she has endured, must have brought her to her grave had she not been sustained by her singular infatulion. The parties had lived together in the house ofConnell's brother, in the parish of Crough, county Limerick, where, it is probulile they became mutually enamoured; but at length lie took French leave of her, and repaired to Newcastle on-Tyne, whither she followed liirn, and on their first interview, she begged him only to allow her to study and doat 011 the lines of his countcn ance ; but there being a passiveness in this very irreconcileable with his active habits, he again fled, and found refuse, as he believed, i;i Dublin. There also he was overtaken by his inamorat'l ; and, and On the charge of being amorouslv stared at, lie had her ° , . . , . : . , f^f® 1 tlmes committed o prison, and once ; had her confined in (lie county lunatic asylum. Two years passed over their heads jn ji,^ manner wl]en il,e,e seemed to be a • 1 „r /r .- l- » 1 .1 | revlval of affection on li s pa. t; for they Went together to Liverpool, and there lodged in the same house. His former aversion reiurnel] however, and ill the beginning of August last ,)e flcd t0 Derryi where, in n fnug. retreat in the Bopside, lis fondly hoped ],e would be secure against the lady's intrusjp|)_ Most fa||acjou5 that hope was! In f . , , . , . 1 a < ew da y s she appeared in his apartment, and, like Margaret's ghost, commenced staring at her victim. He had then emp!o..me!lt at the new barracks: and, as lie 1 ' . f . . . went to and came from his work, she was never absent from his side, and, when he was at his meals, she sat at the table, with her eves upraised to the cause of her enrhanl- _ ' , ' . 1 _r .1 r j 1 • 1 men t . b " 1 "ever partook of the food which was before him. This mesmerising process having become intolerable to Mr. Connell, ],c app|jec] t0 the mayor for a summons . r [ , j 1 • 1 j r against her, and, having employed a profes- SlOllul gentleman to conduct his Case, his ellow-workmen clubbed their money to engae:e another on behalf of the defendant. J ^ - - "-that he was non-suited. He had removed from the BogSlde, and taken lodgings in the Waterside, where both he and she . .have . . been nearly these three months on their usual terms of attraction on one side, and repulsion on the other. He allows her neither meat nor drink, nor does lie pay for her lodgings; while her delight is to pass with him, as he goes to and from his work- to sit outside his workshop when he is there—and when not admitted into his lodging along with him, to sit in the street opposite to it, which she often docs for whole nights. We hear that she has experienced kindness from both the lodging-house keepe; and the neighbours. On the 1,0th ult, the authorities found it necessary to commit her to the county goal, where, for three days and nights, she rejected all manner of sustenance ; and at the end of that time, after having been visited by Dr. Rogan, was set at large. The confinement has produced no change in her conduct. It ought to be stated that she is a remarkably pretty woman, and, but for the eccentricities we have men tioned, her conduct has been faultless. We have just heard that the sensitive but obdurate Mr. Connell has again fled Verry Journal. Lord Stanley, who is one of the most encouraging and generous landlords Ireland, is expected immediately on a visit to his' estates in the county Tipperary. 