TO THE EDITOR OF THE PORTLAND guardian. Sir,— I herewith transmit to you a, docu ment, which was left at my residence the other day ; it is just possible that you may or may not feel interested in it< As far as I lam concerned, I assure you, I despise it Ui.it/tnrl tit n I m nutllllfl nf nil '#Kj.S ...mm ucjuiiu me luwcat ucptua mi dit itiuv wu,8 ever called derision. Pray iet the finger of public scorn be pointed at, and pelt it, like as wicked boys a drowning frog, be yond redemi tion. 1 am, Sir, vours faithfully. James Yklvkrton Wilson. (copy.) ' My Lord— ' I have the honor to forward herewith a copy of the Portland Guardian of the iS'h instant, for the purpose of drawing your Lordship's attention to the article headed ' Panorama' the production of one of you clergy, the Rev J. Y. Wilson. 'I shall not trespass upon your Lord- ship's time' by at y comments, conceiving that the article iiself whether considere J in detail, or as a whole, such a9 your Lord ship will, strongly disapprove as (emanating fro>n a Ciergymtn of tlie Church of En gland, hut you ip ill please excuse my Te- queting youriLordship'8 particular atten tion to the part mnrk< d 'A' as one which has given rise to a variety of interfireta- tions, all calculated deeply . wound the ;feeling3 of a wife and i»o|her ; np«l pluteindelicaey of the par|maied " Ii'- "baC drawn ifcsth the stTOiesf4 "denuncia tions against the author. . ' The circumstances from which the ar ticle emanated are briefly and truly as fol lows : ' On the night of Monday the 3rd inst.; a brig ran ashore in our harbour and a great concourse of people assembled on the beach where they remained for a con siderable time, and the night having been 'Xtremely wet and boisterous, several nnd I among the number, adjourned to an Inn ; convenient for the purpose of obtaining some refreshment. I, as Editor of one of the local journals, the Portland Mercury, had incurred 'he displeasure of a gentle man, the proprietor of a butchering es tablishment, on- account of having in my official capacity exposed what I conceived to be exhorbitant ch irges for meat in the township, and during conversation upon the subject the dispute ran so high, as to end in an exchange of cards, and a duel : would have been the ronsequence>had not the- police.interftred when we were on the ground. f The above are briefly the facts, all the :Otber narrations in the Guardian are ma licious inventions. I would only sdd, that in the Mercury I have not taken the slightest notice of the article treating it as, strictly personal, and choosing ,rat her to bring the subject under your. Lordship's notice, from whom, al though not of your Church, 1 am confident of receiving that attention which you may considered it justly deserves. ' I: have furnished Mr Wilson with a copy of this in time for communicating wit k yoar Lordship by the same oppor tunity. _ .. ' I have the honor to be, My Lord, J'Your Lordship's' very obedient,. . 'and. very humble Servant, T. H. osbornei ; --1 J ( P.IT" ? Ijord Bishop of AustraliaT j ' Forwarded for the Rev Mr Wilson's information. ' 17th J-nk843 '' We certaiiPmre not a little puzzled to understand the meaning of a document, of which the above purports to he a copy, neither can we, by any, possibility con jecture the end even sought to be attainted by its transmission to the Lord Bishop of Australia. In our opinion the folly and lmpoaence or tne toing are about equi ponderant, and nauseating to an almost intolerable degree; in fact were it not for the benign intervention of our feeling of contempt we should quote whole passages about ' Parturiunt mootes -- Hhrow our pen down in a passion, and doubtless go to bed in a state of high ner vous excitement ; as it is, however, we are perfectly cool and. collected, and withal rather disposed to gratify our penchant for criticism, although at the expense of time and spaee». which, minus the object, the subject alone can jpstify. In the first place, the document itself is dishonest, inasmuch: as in the first sentence is a statement un supported by either evidence or probability, namely, that the article in our number ot the 8th inst., headed- ' Panorama,' is the production of the Rev..J; Y. VVilson. On this head Mr. Wilson has reqpeste&us; not to satisfy the curiosity of: our redoubtable memorialist, inasmuch as- he has before been repeatedly charged by him. with writing for the Guardian, and his solemn statements with respect to such charges, have beqn uniformly, disbelieved l' We therefore beg to assure the Rev. gentleman that his request i9 anticipated by the gene ral principles pf a printing office, which are to give no quarter to the most importunate "Paul Pry" that ever cursed a community. To return, however, to pur ridiculous me morialiat, which is but the ghost of the Panorama, quite as laughable and less sen sible, the memorialist says he has for- worded to the Bishop a copy of the said " Panorama," to which he has himself arbitrarily nominated an author, and there left it to jump Jim Crow like the back of an ell in a frying pan, with the head and tail grinning at a littie distance. He ha9 evidently been at some pains to make him self intelligible by affixing As and B's to the menVoirial ; we can easily conceive what the As' refers to. but not a single whit beyond. Well, Panorama" has gone, and memorial marked-A has gone, signed at the foot as above. But where is the' connection between them ? what: are the point 9 of offence ? and bow are they appro priated ? The memorialist might as well have sent a report bf a Lilliputian bull- bait. or the last Epsom races ; but he iparks portions which are offensive ; how complimentary to his Lordship's obtuse intellect !' He begins his epistle ' My .Lord"— on other occasions, we observe; he docks the Bishop of this title— now, howeveE, he continues serving up " Youj Lordsitip,' " Your Lordship," all ttfevWay through, and at the last, concludes with the most profound humility that his pen will 'spell." The most ridiculous part, however is the inscription, " to William Grant B rough ton, Lord Bishop of Australia !" Fie, fie, Mr " professional correspondence'' eoncoctorj and' " official form" director general to the good folks oi- lforl land : better have waved the Lordship. jhan thf Right Reverend ; but the Bishojy, in b;i> kindness will p:.rdon t bis direliettog.a|t Hutifig it to its own proper cause; how ever the old story about the " cobbler'' and th'e " last" is sure to run across his mind Now seriously speaking, if only a little more of thi( ludit rous matter can be ob- tained, . we ppsitively will exhibit our " Panorama" again ; the mechanical part is as perfect as ever, and we have secured the services pf an artist, whose perspective is by no means to be despised. A great deal will depend upon our patrons as to whether we may. not have two positively last nights ! ! but, depend upon it, when We do exhibit again, 'fc it shall be rich and rare " — Ed P.G J —Guardian, 22nd July. 