THE ilA.UNTED SHIP. . During,the last war, one of our frigates captut^, ln" theu Pacific a ,large English whaler ; and to tha surprize of the boarding officer, he found the crew manifesting a great desire to get on board the frigate, and evidently (pite'iatisfied if not actually gratified, that tbCj were captured. On inquiry it was fouad that the captured whaler was a, haunted ship ? The news soon spread through the frigate; thepext -trouble was to assemble a willing prize crew 1 to go on board the prize—which trouble might have been a serious one but for the discipline. The prize was a large and valuable ship,—but she was haunted! The authentic report was, that during a still night, when no other noise was heard, and no other motion feltjtban that of the slow, undulating movements of a- Pacific Ocean sea, a deep and^ deadly groan was heard below, coming apparently from the after part of tlie vessel,; and heard distinctly from ievery openJfttch way; and sogreat was the panics last, that the captain de dared lie could not induce aman to go be-; low. ; s Jhe Prize master on taking possession, pretended to disbelieve the story, and.declared that if he jjeard any groaning , or 1 other, ghostly noises-he'd soon find out the cause. As evemiig approached the prize -crew began to listeft, and sure. enough^ when the usual noise of ship, work subsided and all was silence, a long, deep drawn sigh came up through the after hatchway, and increased at intervals as silence, prevailed, till at last a full and audible groan came forth that not only huddled the prize crew into a close forecastle group, but made tlieir blbod curdle, and their teeth chatter. Groan succeeded groan at short intervals; till at length the voice of the prizemaster interposed,—" Where in does that noise come from ?—Call all hands." (There was no need of this call, all hands were ready on deck.) " Steward, get lights:. come men, arm yourselves and follow me. I'm d d if I don't have a • lussel with the groaner. He led the way and the crew followed. On reaching {fhe-* ? gveen decks he stopt and listened to fet the right direction of the gfoan. It^ame as before, Jrom the after part of the ship, :ahd;«d d®«P and long drawn that it sSeined the last life effort of a Hercules, in aii exhausted death struggle —a full sigh terminating in a groan of agony!!/ The dauntless prize-master, though farmed ' with a boarding-sword, stood for a moment petrified. Had he retreated one step, it is quite certain every one of his followers would very soon have been found huddled together again in a jclose group on the forecastle, so terrible was that last groan and -so awful its effect upon the hearts of those who on occasion of battle were found foremost in the fight. But he held his ground—it was no time to flinch, and cheered his men onward "to follow" liim. - They came to a large storeroom or stow-hole. through which it was necessary to pa#s, and began with the aid of a dim light held by a trembling steward,' to remove some obstructions in the way. The first thing the prize-master accidently piithis hands on was the arm, shoulder, and part of the face of an old mutilat&d; figure-head, which formerly decoriated the prow of the ship. Pulling it out of a mass of old rigging, and holding it up he facetiously exclaimed, "Here's part of Mr. Ghost,; come along men we'll get the whole of him presently." The light was ju6t sufficient to develope the form of a human limb and rigid muscles, and the effect was so appalling upon the steward that he dropt the lantern. The"prize-master dropt the limb picked up the lantern and pushed on, commanding his men to follow; who finding themselves now in the midst of'danger, hegmXojpluck up courage. ... _ 1 ' they approached what might fee called an after hold, or run', stowed with casks. Here the deep sigh and hearty groan filled every space, though somewhat altered in tone, and less human, and less ghost-like. On carefully surveying the scene, a large cask was discovered with the-bung out; at every roll of the ship, a rush of air would pass across this bung hole and cause a most unearthly sound. (And here it may as well be stated, that if any sceptic desires to satisfy his doubts; let him take an empty bottle or decanter with the cork out and blow across its muzzle—let him magnify this to tlie size of a large cask, with a large bung hole, and then he may form some idea of the groan alluded to. The bung, was found and replaced, and the groans and death struggle ceased, and the haunted ship turned ^ good prize. But it was not without its moral to see the manner, and witness tlie remarks of some of the old salts composing the prize crew, after the real discovery .was made. Not a mother's son of them was found unable to hitch up with his elbows the yvaistband of his canvas trousers, and assert " that he never believed in ghosts or hobgoblins, not he, and would just as soon grapple with one as with an Englishman; and as for that groaning, he always thought it was some foolish nonsense or other." But the story got to the frigate, and many a mid-watch was enlivened by the variations through which it passed, accompanied' by an empty bottle to illustrate the awful groans on board " The HaurUedi$!iijr?'— N. Y. American 