MISC ELLANEA. REPARTEE.-The Rev. Dr. D MC - minister of Douglas, in Clydesdale, was one day dining in a large party where the tLion. Henry Ers?kine and some other lawyers were present:'.. A great dish of cresses being presented after dinner Dr. ,M'C--, Lwho wis e'xtrava-dntly food of vegegables, helped, himself much more largely tharinauny other per son, and, as he .ate- with his fingers, with a peculiar voracity of manner, Mr Erikine was struck with the idea that he resembled Nebuchadnezzar in his state of condemnaiibn Resolved to give him a hit for the apparent grossness of his taste and mannerof eating,' the wit addressed him with 'Dr. M'C~ -, ye bring me in mind of the .great King Nebuchadnezzar;".. ,and the companpy were beginning totitter at thie ludicrous allusion, when the reverend vegetable devourer replied,?" Ay! do I mind ye o' Nebuchadnezzar! That'll be because I'm eating amang the: brutes " 1" 3 WVit in Hobnail.--A proud parson and'his man, riding over:a common, seaw a shepherd tending his flock in.. new coat. The parson asked in a haughty tone, who gave him that coat? " The same people,"said the.shepherd, * that clothe: you-the parish." The parson, nettled a little, rode on mur .muring a considerable way, and sent his man.back to ask theshepherd if he would come and live with him; for he wanted a fool t The man .went to the shepherd, as desired, and delivered his master's message, concluding, that his master really wanted a fool. ".Are you.going away then ?" said the shep. herd. "No," answered the other. " Then you may tell your master,'" re plied the shepherd, " his living won't maintain three of us." wiig Principles . Illustrated. , 'D-n the locofocos !' said a clder ate the other day, giving an exposi.. tion of his own and his candidate's principles - they, say that all who do Sbusiness on borrowed capital ought to: break I That doctrine is at war with my interest. I'm in favour of the cre dit system; and ifI' could only borrow a crowbar, how easy I could open a good grocery soniewhere,'-.Savanriih: Telegraph, The Old Liad and thi Cobbler S me years 'ago the;husband of an o'd lady residing ii a: cotuntry village hap. pened:to die rather suddenly without making a will;'for the' want of which very necessary precaution has estate woild have passed awaiy from his wlidowr haid' sh'e not resorted to the"followling remrkable'exipedient to avert the loss of her property Z?-ale' concealed the death df'hi-r libtihi ad, ?ind 'prevailed upen an old'cbbbler',' her'neighbour, whlo waN in person somewvliat' like the deceased, to go to bed at her house and perSoodate himn in which character it wiis- agreed 'that' he sh;uld dictate a will, leaving' the widow the:estate in question. - An attorney was according'vy sent for to prepare the required docu. ment, and the widow on his arrival ap. peared to be realizing the greates afilhc. tion at. her good man's danger, but forthwith proceeded to ask questions of her pretended husband, calculated to elicit the answers she expected and de. sired. The old cobbler groaned aloud, and looking as much Ike a person going to give up the ghost as possible, feebly answered, " I inilnd to leave you half my estate.; and dlbo think the poor. oldtshoemaker,' Who lives over the way, is deserving ofilhe otther half, for he has always been a good neighbour," The widorv was thanderstruck'at receiv. ing a reply so diffeireit to that which she expected, buidaired not negative the cobblers will, for fear of losing the whole of the property, while the curn. ning old rogue in bed, who was nimserf tile poor old shoemaker over the way, laughed in his sleeve, and divided with her the fruits of a project which the wridow-had intended for her own sole benefit. A Ghost Outwitted.-?-A short time ago a joke, too good notto be narra. "ted, wvas played iupon. a jilly old worthy at one of our inns, in the town of . .. This scion of ihe Bac chanalian school, be it undeistood, laid siege :to the bottle and barrel for several days. Some of his red nosed companions being aware of the circum. stance, and thinking that he was doinig it rather too hard, agreed upon trying an experiment to frighten him into a more sober way. Night being fixed upen for the jpke, away they went top the inn described, and there they. found his worship in a,; back parlour, quite intoxicated:. and1ffasti asleep. Whilbt in this apparently haPrpy state he ,wPas taken and placed ful.length iinside as coffin, which .had been procured ,fr the.job.' Having slept in this recep tacle for the dead. (or some three or fnuir'hours, he awvoke,-and,upon raising himself up -hegazed about !dim, first on,one side, ofihe'coffi ?n, and. then on the other, muttering, to ,mhiself as he viewed the. melan:choly. piece ;offurni ture, "- liare am I ?: ..?Whare have I gotten to?' VWhilst in the act of sayitlg so,a tall portly-looking figure, shrouded in a white sheet, walked 'from a large cubboard, arid, on march. ing up to thebox, faintly whispered. ",You are dead,'' '. Dead !''said the disciple of Bacchus, fixing. his eyes sieadfastly 'pon the object' iefore him; ""Ay, an' hoo liang hea I been dead?" "' A week," aneisiwerd the ghost. ' ** An' are ye' dead :too ?" , Yes," replied' the' spectre. " Hech, airs,'and hoo lang hea *ye been dead, I say ? " A fortnight;" said the ghost.p"* Here, then, lad," responded the interroga. tor. putting his hand into his pocket, • 'ye ken this place better than I do bring twa battals o' yill." This was too good'for the ghost, and before he cbuld well, get out of the room, he burst into an immodeirate fit of laugh tfier.-Glasgow Paper. A Speeck.-A certanM'.P., longing to rival the glory ol the: grteat men 'around him, seizedan opportunity, and after three loud hems, thus began: '" Mr.' Speaker-Have we laws or have we not lais? e blT')wfet hae laws, and they are not:observed,.to what end were these laws :made ?" So saying, he sat down in fancied triumph. Another member rose : " Mr. Speaker-Did the honourable'gentleman who spoke last speak to?the purpose, or not to tile pur pose? '! If he did speak to the purpose, to what purpose did he speak " Which apropoi reply set the house in a roar, and silenced the would-be orator for ever. A Counterfeit.-A fellow preten ding to be in a fit, was carried froun the street, in New Orleans, into a grocery store and laid upon the coun ter, where brandy was poured down his throat and he recovered. A wag, happened to be present, said the fellow was a d-d rogue, and the fit was a counterfit. `OORIO:-Edlted, prnlted, and published by Ithea SProprietor. JAMIES iARISOANV'at his ojlice is?n SYarra-street, North Corio, Australia FeJlix. 