AMERICAN N0TE5. We will give Box's first impressions of some of the American Towns, which are amusingly quaint and characteristic; and will, to begin, accompany Mr. Dickens to New York : — "The beautiful metropolis of Ameiica is by no means so clean a city ns Boston, but many of its streets have the same characteristics; except that the houses are not quite so gaudy, the gilded letters not quite so gohlcii, the bricks not quite so red, the stones not quite so nhiie, the blinds and area railings not quite so green, the knobs and plates upon the street doors not quite so bright and twinkling. There are many by-streets almost as neutral in clean colours, and positive in dirty ones, as by-streets in London; find there is one qunrter commonly called the Five Points, whii h, in respect of filth and wretchedness, may besafely backed against Seven Dials, or any other part of famed St. Giles's. The great promenade and thoroughfare, as most people know, is Broadway —a wide and hustling street, which from the Battery-gardens to its opposite termination is a country road may be four miles long. Shall we sit down in an upper floor of the Carlton House Hotel (situate in the best part of this main artery of New York), ond when we are tired of looking down upon the life below, sally forth, arm-in-arm, and mingle with the stream? Warm weather! 'llie sun strikes upon our heads at this open window, as though its rays were concentrated through a burning glass. But the day is in its zenith, nnd the season an unusual one. Was there ever such a sunny street as this, Broadway ! The pavement stones are polished with llie tread of feel until tliey shine again; the reJ bricks of the houses might be yet in the diy hot kilns, and the roofs of tl e omnibuses look as though, if water were poured on than, they would hiss and smoke and smell like hall-quenched fires. JNo stint ot omnibuses here! Half a dozen have gone by , within as many minutes. I'lenty of hackney , cabs and coaches-too; feigs, phaetons, large-] wheeled tilburies, and private carriages, rather of u clumsy m-ikc, nnd not very different from the public vehicles, liut built for the heavy roads beyond the city pavement. Negro coachmen and white, in str.iw huts, black hats, white hats, glazed caps, fur enps; ia coats of drab, bliick, brown, green, blue, nankeen, striped jean, and linen ; and there, in that one instance(look while it passes, or it will be too late), in suits of livery. Some southern Republican that, who puts his blacks in uniform, and swells widi gukau pomp and power. Yonder, where that phaeton with the well-clipped pair of greys has stopped, standing at their heads now, is a Yorkshire groom, who has not been very long in these parts, and looks soriowfully. jound for a companion pair of top boots, whidpipmay travereehulf the city without meeting. lie&ven; save the ladies, how they dress! We have seen more colours in these ten minutes than we should have seen elsewhere in as many days. What various parasols 1 What rainbow silks and satins! What pinking of thin stockings, and pinching of thin shoes, and fluttering of ribands and silk tassels, and displuy of rich cloaks with gaudy hoods and linings I The young gentlemen ore fond, you see, of turning down their shirt collars and cultivating their whiskers,especially underlhechin; but tbeycannot approach the ladies in their dress or bearing, being, to say llie truth, humanity of quiteanother sort. Byrons of the desk and counter, pass on, and let us see what kind of men those arc behind ye—those two labourers in holiday clothes, of whom one carries in his hand n crumpled scrap of paper, from which Ire tries to spell out a hard name, w hile the other looks about for it on all the doors and windows. Irishmen both I You might know them if th^y were masked, by their long tailed blue coals and bright buttons, and their drab trowsers, which they wear like men used to working dresses, who are used lo no others. It would be hard to keep your model republics going without the eounlrymen and countrywomen of these two labourers. For who else would dig, nnd delve, and drudge, and do domestic work, and make canals and roads, and execute great lines of internal improvement? Irishmen both, and sorely puzzled too to And out what tliey seek. Let us go down and help them lor the love of home end that spirit of liberty which admits of honest service to honest men, and honest work for honest bread, no matter what it be. That's well 1 We have go> at the right address at Inst, though it is written in strange characters truly, and might have been scrawled with the blunt hnndlc of the spade the writer belter knows the use of ilian a pen. Their way lies yonder, but what business takes them there? Tliey carry savings. To hoard up 1 No. They are brothers, those men. One crossed the sea alone, nnd, working very hard for one half year, and living harder, saved funds enough to bring the other out. That done, they worked together, side by side, contentedly sharing hold labour and hard living for another term; nnd ihen their sisters cam-, and llicn another brother, and, lastly, their old mother. And what now ? Why, the poor old crone is restless in n strange land, atidyeams to lay iicrbnnes, she says, among her own people, in the old graveyard at home; and so tliey go to pay her passage back ; and God help her and tliem, and every simple heart, and all who turn lo the Jerusalem of their younger day?, and have an altar fire upon the cold earth of their fathers."—Vol. I., p. 191. We cannot follow Mr. Dickens further in his tour round New York, but strongly recommend every one lo do so who has a relish for lively description intcispcrscd with outbursts of kind y feeling such as are displayed in the conclusion of tho above quotation. We now turn to Philadelphia :— " We reached Philadelphia ta'e at night. Looking out of my chamber window, before going to bed, I saw on the opposite tide of the way a handsome building of white marble, which lliid a mournful, ghost like aspect dreary to behold. I attributed this to the sombre influence of the night, und on rising in the morning looked out again, expecting to see iis steps and poriico thronged with groups of people passing in and out. The door was still tight shut, the same cold chcerless air prevailed, and lhe building looked as if the marble statue of Dan Guzman could alone have nny business to transact within its gloomy walls. I hastened to inquire its name nnd purpose, and then my surprise vanished. It was the tomb of inuhy fortunes, the great catacomb of inresunent, the memorable United Stales Bank. The stoppage of this hank, with all its ruinous consequences, had enst (as I was told on every side) a gloom ou Philadelphia, under the depressing effect of ivhicli it yet laboured. It certainly did seem rather dull and out of spirits. It is a hambome city, but distrnctingly regular. After walking about it for an hour or two, I felt tliut I would have given the world for a ciookcd street. The colhir ot my coat appeared to stiffen, and the bri n of my hat lo expand, benoaih its quukerly •' " nee. Jly hair shrunk into a sleek short crop, my hands folded themselves upon my breast of their own calm accord, and thoughts of taking lodgings in Mark-lane, over against the market place, and of making u large fortune by spcculationsincorn, came over me involuntarily " •Vol. I., p. JSC. " Here is Washington," says Mr. Dickens, " fresh in my mind and under my eye. Take the worst parts of the City-road and I'onlonville, preserving all their oddities, but especially the fmall slipps and dwellings occupied there (but not in Washington) by furn^re brokers, keepers of pooreatinghouscs, und fl|Pfersof birds. Burn the whole down, build it up again in wood and plaster, widenit alitlle,throw in part of St. John'swood, put green blinds outside all the private houses, with a red curtain and a white one in every window; plough up all the roads; plant a great deal of coarse turf in every place where it ought not to be; erect three handsome buildings in i-tone and marble anywhere, but the more entirely out of everybody's way tho better; coll one the Post-office, one the I'uleul-oflice, and one the Treasury ; make it scorching hot in the morning, ^nd freezing cold in the afternoon, with an occasional tornado of wind and dust; leave a brickfield without the bricks in all central places where a street may naturally be expected; ond that's Washington."—(p. 278.) 