ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. FALSE WEIGHTS AND MEASUBE3. Sir—I was a good deal, amused, as well as in structed by your late article, 011 the subject of " False Weights and Measures and I am happy to state that your moral lessons seeiii to be taken in good humour, and are likely to be borne in memory by the honest j portion of our provision- dealers. (laving had occasion the other day to change my 1 baker, 1 took it into my head to ask the new one if I might rely on the correctness of his weight, when he touched his ear, and with a good natured smile, pointed { to his door-post, as much as to say that his organ of hearing bore no suspicious marks about it as yet. The day following 1 happened to notiee a remarkably fine leg just cut from a side of beautiful mutton, when I was accosted by the butcher with " Ho ghost of a leg of mutton that, Sir." . £ always preferred instruction blended with amuse ment, and as many of your readers seem to be of the same way of. thinking they may like to knovr how the delinquencies of bakers and butchers are punished in ; Foreign countries. In Egypt if a mail is detected in j the sale bf bread deficient in weight, a hole is bored j through his nose, and a cake bf bread about a span wide, and of a finger's thickness is suspended therefrom ; and any one in that countiy who knows he has trespassed in the article of butchers' meat, has subjected his nose to summary visitation, and the unwelcome ornament of a polished hook, having a thick slice of meat by way of, appendage. It is true the officers of justice are not over nice in that part of the world, and it is recorded of one of them that he took it into his head to visit the extortioners in water melons with ear clipping. It is related that on his asking a countryman the price of a melon of large size, the man instead bf replying, put his hand to his ear, and upon being asked to explain he said, " If I ask ten pieces, or five, or one, I know he will say * clip his ear,' therefore, let him do it at once." His ready humour saved him, and he was left to hiake the most of his melon without further molestation. I am, Sir, Your obedient Servant, VIATOR. Adelaide, 30th August, 1843. 