OVN THE SPIIRITUAL POWER OF TIlE BISHOP OF ROME. \--o.-... LETTER Iv.-(Continued.) ii The fathers, in their synodic letters to St. Leo, a earnestly solicited his confirmation of the obnoxious p decree; yet they did not send him a copy of it, but t were content with informing him that they had a "conjirmed the regulation of the hundred ansd fifty v fathers assembled at Constantinople, which com- a manded this see to have the honour nest to that of Rome," thus dissimulating the artifice and forgery of Anatolius, who, in his new canon, gave to the see of Constantinople privileges eqgoal to those of c the See Apostolic, and pretended the same to have f been done by the 160 fathers. They allowed that " the apostolic ray" issued from Rome, and so de- t sired the Pope to "extend it to the ConstantinopolitaI t church." They insinuated that some Influence had been used to obtain that decree. "* In what we did, I we wished to please the most pious emperors, the a illustrious senate, and the whole imperial city." ( Finally, they intreat St. Leo to " honour their judg. meant by hiis sanction-to assent to and make firm what they had douc." Their intreaties were vain: g the Pope refused to sanction the decree, which, thero. e fore, although consented to by 630 bishops, and a confirmed by civil authority, yet, for want of thist ponlilical sanction, was struck with nullity, and re- j mained without effect. Calvin ascribes tle opposi. t tion of St. Leo to ambition and pride. It will app?sr I from the letters of that great Pope to the emperor d and empress, and to Anatolius himself, that he was r only prompted by a sense of duty and the pure t zeal of discipline. In his letter to the emperor, after mentioning the irregular ordination of Anatolius, and t the indulgence of the See Apostolic towards him, he says-'" But aithough.his merits had been eminent, t and his ordination canonical, yet Ihe could not be I authorized to act against the respect due to tie canons of the fathers, against the institutions of the Holy Ghost, against the examples of antiquily. 1 speak to a most Christian, religious, and orthodox 1 prince; Bishop Anatolius detracts much fromn his own excellence if he pretends to increase it by undue means. Let Constantinople enjoy its own glory, and, under God's protection, enjoy the imperial seat of your. Majesty- such are my sincere wishales; but secular and divine institutions are of a different nature, nor can any edifice be solid which does not rest upon that rock which Christ has placed in the foundation, lie loses what is his own who covets what belongs to others. Let it suflice to Anatolius to have obtained, by your protection and the favour of my consent, to be bishop of so great a town; let hint not disdain the imperial city which it is not in his power to make an Apostolic See; let him never hope to raise himself by giving offence to others." The Pope adds, tliat it is a duty incumbent on him to enforce the observance of the canons, in particular those of Nice, and exhorts the emperor to repress •the ambition of Anatolius, which might prove fatal to hint: " Let him abstain from thle infraction of tile sacred rules and from unwarranted excesses, lest by attempting things contrary to peace he should cause -himself to be retrenched from the communion of the whole church." lie is more explicit still in his letter to Pulcheria Augusta; for'there, after observing thiat if some of the piredecessors of Anatolius did some time presume to ambition what this bishop had lately attempted, yet " none ever was able to obtain it," he pronounces this definitive decree.: " We, by the authority of the Apostle St. Peter, in union with your piety, annul and make void, by a general sen tence, the concessions of bishops which are repug nant to the canons of Nice, conforming ourselves in everything to the ecclesiastical laws which the Holy -Ghost, in order to establish peace among the bishops, has ordained by tile 318 fathers; so that, if even a muaich greater number of bishops should decree any. thing contrary to what those have defined, no regard may be had to it." In his letter to Anatolius, St. Leo speaks with the authority of a superior reproving, advising, and exhortidg an inferior. Analtolius had been ordained l3ishop of Constantinople by Dioscorus, in the false council of Ephesue, and had himself presumed to ordain Mlaximus, Patriarch of Antioch ; on which account the Pope had leen upon the point of de. posing him; but at the prayer of the emperor pardoned his transgression, and preserved him in his rank. "I rejoice," says St. .Leo, " that thou hast purged thyself from the faction and communion of the schismatics. For after thy. lIoly,predecessor Flavian had been cast away by them, for Ilis defence of the Catholic truth, it was, not without good ground, apprehended that those who ordained thee should choose one like themselves. But .God has shown his mercy, by directing and confirming thlee in such a manner that, making a'good use of these \- bad beginnings, thou heat shown thlyself promoted by the goodness of God rather titan by the choice.of aneri. Whic?l yet is to be understood with this restriction, that thou wilt not lose the divine favour by a freslh.prevasication. After these criminal be ginnings I lament thee relapaing into another trans. gsession, by attempting to infringe the canons of Nice; availing thyself of thie opportunity whlen the see of Alexandria bad lost the privilege of the second rank, (by thelo.defection of Dioscorus), and the church of Antioch that of the third rank (.I suppose by his .unceanonical ordination);* that these sees being once subjugated, all melropo. litans should also be deprived of thleir righIts. Olh, brother, be nonhighl:minded, but fear I and give up impootuning, by thygunwelcomo petitions, thie ears -of our .most religious princes, to whom I know for certain thy modesty would be much more ac. ceptable than thly vanity." He saysof the canon of Constantinople, that it was " null.from the very £ltsrat;", aond that Anatollus " could only give it a tardy and useless support, Iy extorting from his brethren a sort of consent, which their timidity, after long harlassing, had granted, to their own loss." Anatolius, not finding himself supported by tlhe emperor, desisted from his pretensions, anid threw the blame of ll tlhat had passed upon his clergy, Tl'his wve,gather from another letter of the same Pope, wlsero he says to the disappointed bislhop, " Tisls thy fault, which the lust of power made thee commit, prompted, as thoui-sayeat, by the suggestiouns of others, thou would have better and more effectually repaired if thou lhad.not attributed to thle advice of thy clergy what could never have been attempted without ithy consent. However, I am happy to see, beloved brother, thiat thou art now grieved at a measure whielh at no time should ,have met with thy approbation. To restore thee to general favour, I am content with tile professions made by thy charity, and attested by a most religiousprince. Nor do I think that repentance too late whlich is warranted by so respectable an authority." In another letter to the same emperor the Pope seems to doubt of the sintcerity of the bishop's repentance. ' If the Bishop SCalvn asserts, as an undoubted Itcat,that Proterluts, su. cesasor of Dlooorus, was present whsen the dertreo of raituo tl rcshlbrts or Constantinople to the accond mrak was approve I, tImo council: Adtlernst certesProters (Isat I. iv, . 7, No 50); and concludes Ulthat Uis ptrlaroht as wellas tl'arlhe tr or Antioch, oultststterl eowonseqatlpy, tltllihe l'op0 had nothitg to do vth It. Calvuin auseroun Is Also. P nroteriunMas to ordulled till sometrlmeafter tile counellwns heldt ad AaxLmus or Atttaoch, betng ordtltnd by Anatotus hlm.self, ugalst the eataola drstunt t ir sthe esanolUa atanst hitm, but rtsqtussted tih Pope to sir It Ibrhihu, of Constantinople," says lie, " learning from thy example to promote the interests of religion, listen to my exhortations, he will finud in me an inclination to forgiveness ; only let him execute in the sincerity of his heart what he promises in words. But if, prompted by a spirit of obstinacy, he prefer to do things equally displeasing to God and thy piety, I shall (save the honour due to thy benignity) use, with all and for all, under thy sanction, more liberty and firmness against a man pulled up with pride." Calvin asserts, in the same place, that St. Leo " could not obtain by his reclamations that the decree should not be ratified; and that his sue. cessors, seeing'themselves defeated, desisted quietly from that obstinacy, and suffered the Bishop of Constantinople to be considered as the second pa triarch." From this statement it follows at least that the Pope was the first; but it is false that the decree of Chalcedon was ever ratified but by the au. thority of the Pope himself; and that many ages after that council, namely, in the fourth Lateran Council, held under Pope Innocent III., anno 1215, it is true that the Bishops of Constantinople held the second seat and had the second signature in the general councils; but they enjoyed this distinction even before this canon existed, and it did not imply any authority or jurisdiction in them beyond what they had as Bishops of Ileraclea. The Bishop of Jerusalem also sat in the general council, next to the third patriarch, and signed accordingly; yet the Bishop of Ca:sarea, in Palestine, retained his juris diction over him. It is also true that the Bishops of Constantinople always had a great infloence in the transactions of the eastern church. It was natural for the bishops in the provinces to apply to them for protection and support. It was the im. perial bishop who presented them to the emperor; they often lodged in his house; through him the imperial decrees were forwarded to them ; and he presided in the councils which they held in the city. What the decrees of the Greek emperors and the canons of schismatic synods have determined in this point, contrary to the regulations of the council of Nice, and the -sanctions of the Roman Pontiffs, never had any authority in the church. To Anatolius succeeded Gennadius, and to the latter Acacius, whose hypocrisy and pride became the occasion of a schism between the eastern and western churches ; he was excommunicated by the Pope, and died in his heresy. Euphemius, who succeeded him, after Flavitas, refused to obey the Pope by erasing the name of Acacius from the cata. logue of the Catholic bishops who were commemo. rated at the altar during the holy mysteries. On this occasion St. Gelasius, who ascended the ponti fical throne about forty years after the council of Chalcedon, wrote an instructive letter to the Bishops of Dardania, to justify the conduct of the See Apos. tolic in regard of Acacius, whereby is fully confirmed what I have said before of the nullity of the famous canon, for want of the Pope's sanction. " Was it right," says the Pontiff, " that the See Apostolic should wait for the judgment of the Bishop of the parish of Heracleatlhat is, Constantinople 1" It must be observed that the district of a bishop having only jurisdiction over priests was, in those days, called a parish. In another place-" It being evident," says the Pope, " that Acacius had no episcopal power, being condemned by sentence of the See Apostolic, let them (his partisans) say by what council he has been authorised to do what he attempted; and which, even in that supposition, he had no right to do without the consent of the See Apostolic ? Of what see was he bishop? of whtat metropolitan church ? Was it not of the parish of Heraclea?" " I could not help smiling at their simplicity who attributed a prerogative to Acacius, because he was a bishop of the imperial city. Have not the emperors often resided at Ravenna, Milan, Sirmium, Treves? And have the bishops of those cities presumed to exercise any jurisdiction beyond what was attributed to them by.antiquity ? If the question be concerning the dignity of cities, greater Is the .dignity of the bishops of the second and third sees than of that town, which not only is not reckoned among the sees, but has not even the privilege of a metropolis; for as to what you call an imperial city, know that the power of a secular empire, and the distribution of ecclesiastical dignities, are two .different things. If they flatter themselves by the presence of the emperors, and think the Bishop of Constantinople a greater personage on that account,, let them hear Matcian, emt.eror of the same city, who, when he stepped forward as intercessor for the exaltation of that bishop, could obtain nothing against the rules, but rather highly commended the holy Pope Leo for not suffering the canons to be any way violated. Let them hear Anatolius, bishop of the same see, who confessed that it was the clergy of Constanti. nople had attempted those things rather than himself, and who wholly abandoned himself to tlhe will of the See Apostolic. Let them hear the blessed Pope .Leo,.by whose authority the synod of Chalcedon was confirmed, who annulled whatever, by occasion of that council, had been attempted in a posterior action, contrary to the canons of Nice, beyond the matters relating to the Catholic and Apostolic faith and communion, the only ones evidently for which tiis council had been delegated by hIim." After wards, a change of emperors having taken place, John, then Bishop of Constantinople, submitted to the pontifical sentence, and wrote titus to Pope Hor. misdas: " We anathematize Acacius, formerly bishop of the towns: we approve and embrace all thie letters of the blessed Pope Leo which he wrote concerning the right faith. T'rherefore, following in all things the See Apostolic, and publishing all things decreed by it, I hope to live for the future in thie same com. ieunion with thee, wthom the See Apostolic recom mends, in which is found the entire and perfect solidity of the Christian religion; promising for the time to come not to recite, during the Iholy mysteries, tithe names'of those who hIave been retroenched from \- thie commuiont of the Catholic Church, that is to say, of those who do not, in every point, agree with the See Apostolic."-I remain, &c.; N. G. 