A COLUMN FOR THE CURIOUS. Laughter no Proof op a Mbriiy Heart. —A French physician being consulted by a person who was subject to the most gloomy fits of melancholy, advised his pa- tient to mix in scenes of gaiety, and parti- I cularly to frequent the Italian theatre, " and," continued he, "if Carolini does not dispel your gloomy complain), your case must be desperate indeed." " Alas, Sir!" replied trie patient, " I myself am Caroliui; but while I divert all Paris with mirth, and make them almost die with laughter, I am myself actually dying with chagrin and melancholy." ON THE SUN IN ENGLAND. Written in London, by an Anglo- Australian Poet, Have you ever set eyes on an Knglish sun? Pur ten days that he's hidden, he shows bis facei^ ones When bis hue is a sort of dirty dun. Rnvelop'd in clouds, and in vapour dressed, He gett up in the eaat, and goes down in the wen— At least they say so, For I really don't know That i ever yet saw bim set or lise, Swaddl'd up us he is in the dingy skies. I did see him once, in the month of June, Peep into my lodgings at twelve at noon; But the clock smree struck ere the struggling ray Fled like a frightcn'd ghost away, And never since then, and never before. Has he shone forth bright, And I guess that his light Is withdrawn from England for ever more I I'll blow out my brains—l shall—l shall I Or plunge into Paddinglon's bright canal. Or get the blue devils, at least—l'm sure If these suicidal days endure; For the wind howls loud in a funeral note. As the smoke-befoul'd sir I dies to atop up my throat. 1 love those climes of a softer kind Where Nature herself seems pleased in mind, Nor sulks, aa here. Through the long, long year, With a cloud for a frown, and the rain for « tear } Wliere the air is tree, and all blue the sky i Nut a breeze below—nut a cloud on high. And the sun beams forth with his rays unshorn From the first red streak of the balmy worn, To the spot where the shade? of eve are born. And flowers and fruits in their unforced birtb Arise from the lap of the bright green earth. But here the whole ground's but one big bog— The sky's like dirt—and the air's all fog. And it seems wherever I turn to fly That an easterly wind runs into my «ye. And when death ihaU have taken me far away, These lines shall my graven tomb-stone show " Here in quiet dutb lie a poor devil below. Who died of an English day." Astrology. — Sir Thomas Smith, the flower in his time of the University of Cambridge, used to call astrology ingenio sissimam artem mentiendi, the most inge nious art of lying. Beu Johnson's servant and pupil, Brooine, has given some good comic examples of the way in which those who honestly endeavour to read the stars might be deceived, though when the stars condescended "to falter in a double sense," it was seldom in so good a humour :— One told a gentleman His son would be a man-killer,and behang'd fort; Who niter proved a great and rich physician, And with great fame, in the university Hang'd up in picture for a grave example. Another schemist Found that a squint-eyed boy should prove a notable Pick-purse, and afterwards a strong thief; When he grew up to be a cunning lawyer, and at lust died a judge. Praise of Ale. —-Bishop Still was none the worse divine tor loving a cup of jolly good ale; and, although he was Rishop of Bath and fPcUs, he seems not to have been over-fond of water. Thus he sings:— " A stoup of ale, then, cannot fail, To cheer both heart and soul; ft hath a charm, and without harm. Can make a lane man whole. For he who thinks, and water drinks. Is never worth a dump; Then fill your cup, and drink it up— * May be be made a pump I'" Hackstoun or IlA.Tnrr.tET.—Old Hack stoun, of llatliillet, one day said to Mr Smibert, the minister of Cupar, who, like himself, was blest with a foolish, or rather wild youth for a son, " D'ye ken, Sir, you and I are wiser than Solomon ?" " How can that be, RathiUet?" inquired the startled clergyman. " Ou, ye sec," said Hackstoun, " Solomon didna ken whether his son was to be a fool or a wise man; but baith you and I are quite sure that our sons arc fools." Lament of a Wife. —"Such a mis fortune ! he took a carving-knife, and cut his throat, yesterday !" " That is cer tainly very shocking; but he was such a bad husband that you must look on it as a release after all." " Oh! but, your wor. ship," cried the woman, bursting into a roar of genuine regret, "they to —to— took him to the hospital and sewed it up again, and he's now doing as well as ever! Oh ! my 'art will break."— Lady Buhvcr. " Mary Housemaid," said a lady to her servant- of-all-work, "what is the best thing to make master's easy-chair run more smoothly over the carpet?" "Why, a little castor oil, to be sure," replied Marjr«y Thb PnE?s.—" I am sure that evrry person will be as willing as I am to acknow ledge, in the most ample terms, the infor mation, the instruction, and the amuse, ment derived from the public press."— Lord LyndJmrsl. A German writer observes, in a late vo lume on the social condition of Great Britain, that there is such a scarcity of thieves in England, that the Government is obliged to offer a reward for their dis. covery. The late Frederick Reynolds, the dra matist, observing once to Mr Wilse, the thinness of the house at one of his own plays, said he supposed " it was owing to the war." " No," said the latter, "it is owing to the piece." ADELAIDE i rrirtrttrtpaHifedb; fee proprietor, Jupca Am*", «?mj WedaewUj and Batord«;, at the PrlnUngOffice, comet of King William ant Rmdleotreett, where (Men Md MtertiwttoO. *od ailca?naidatian to tfce Kditoa will be received. PHct, pet uaara, CI l?«, to bepiMUadnnre. M*cnbennMntet cMAafiitte li«et, *«., aal M. Car «we*r «MM«mI B«e. 