INTERESTING DISCOVERY NEAR BATHURST. As no correspondent has supplied you with an account of the discovery recently made here by Assistant Surveyor W. R. Davidson, Esq., you will perhaps give insertion to the follow- ing very imperfect and inadequate description of this most magnificent sight, this metropo- litan temple of nature :— I started from Bathurst on the 13th April instant, with a party, making Dunn's Plains the same evening, (having forwarded a horse team with bedding, provisions, &c.;) The next morning, passing Carrawa and Mulgunnia, on our route, and thence a ridge dividing the Burrangilong Creek, from the Mulgunnia Creek, (both tributaries of the Abercrombie) we arrived at the tunnel and caves, which are on the former creek, and about five miles distant from the Abercrom- bie. The approach, though abounding in sequestered and wild and romantic scenery, indicates nothing however of the stern grandeur and sublimity of the subsequent spectacle. Crossing the mountain your eye embraces one of the most comprehensive views in nature, thence descending a precipit- ous glen, you find yourself almost in another world, still and gloomy and profound, shut up and imprisoned by surrounding incumbent precipices. Such the grim desolation where Ben Hun And Craig na Tor, by earthquake shatterings Disjoin'd with horrid chasms prerupt, enclose What superstition calls "the Glen of Ghosts." The Burrangilong Creek receiving the waters from the numberless neighbouring mountains, and these waters accumulating in the Glen, and there " cabin'd, cribb'd, confined," have worn or burst an outlet through the rock, and thus created one of the largest tunnels in the world. You enter at the north, the tunnel having a serpentine direction to the south, and the first sublime object to rivet your gaze, is the magnificent span of the grand entrance arch, with the lofty roof receding into the dim distance scooped into ten thousand cells, and fretted and festooned with stalactite of every species and form — the hard white, and the white shattery stalactite, and the yellow, the pale pink and the green chrystalline stalac- titae, some oblong and conical, some round and irregular, twisted, and turned into all imaginable fantastic diversities, griffins, and rampant lions, dead sheep, trussed fowls, somewhat green and yellow, (perhaps from hanging too long,) and sceptres, and swords, and switches. But you cannot sublime the poetic impulse into a proper frenzy, you cannot feel the spec- tacle until your domestic arrangements (par- ticularly the cuisine) are complete. We saw —but surely in the motley crowd Not one of us could feel the far 'clamed sight. How could we feel it ? —each the other's blight, — Hurried and hurrying, volatile and loud ! There is the north-western gallery, (as you enter on the right hand,) just suited to the purpose. Make the bare of it your kitchen, the centre your refectory, the summit your dormitory. Such an apartment no hotel in the world can furnish. In the refectory accord- ingly we dined, and after "vexing the dull ear of the drowsy night" we climbed to our cloistered chambers. And I must here notice a phenomenon witnessed by some of us, on re- tiring to our couches, that the roof alternately approached and receded, undulating back- wards and forwards very perceptibly and very fearfully, I must add, however, that this phenomenon was not visible to the more sober of the party, and that it was not apparent the next night (when the liquor was consumed). Rise with the sun, and after proper orisons and ablutions, systematically explore. Let us proceed from the north western gallery to the gallery communicating with it, and which I don't now whether to call the gallery of statues, or of tombs, for there is about an equal mingling of both; imminent on the brink is a Niobe "all tears," A few spots are on her flowing robe, Of stateliest beauty ; and opposite is a stupendous sarcophagus, there is a Polyphemus, with a weeping stalac- tite illustrating his lost eye, and beyond is the shrine of some Roman Catholic saint. Here is Lacoon with —— the coiling strain And gripe, and deepening of the dragon's grasp. And near is a mailed crusader, made headless by some Cromwellian fanatic. From this gallery your eye can embrace both entrances, and the whole length, and breadth, and height, of the tunnel and if the northern arch rivetted you, con- fess that the southern is infinitely more mag- nificent. There stand Gazing, and take unto your mind and heart, With undistracted reverence, the effect Of these proportions, where the almighty hand That made the worlds — the Sovereign Architect, Has deigned to work, as if with human art. Opposite (with an Acherontic pool between) is the marble gallery, ascending some sixty feet, and observe how the pure and white Parian is chiselled into all possible ecclesias- tical forms, organs and cathedral thrones, and pulpits and canopies, and sounding boards, and mitres and croziers, without number. Descending however from the gallery of tombs and statues, explore the catacombs , slip down (our tall friend there will receive you,) turn to the right from the bed of the tunnel, and enter them. Be amply supplied with torches and candles. You can walk slightly stooping, about sixty yards; for another sixty you can crawl. The formation of this cavern is most curious, it terminates in a chamber of alabaster, twelve feet long, eight wide, and ten high, the specimens of which are quite transparent. But we return to the northern entrance, and explore the cavern which you might have observed on the left hand when entering. I have named this the " Poets' Corner, " partly because there is a somewhat similar place so named on your entrance to Westminster Abbey, and partly because the ascent is a good deal steeper than Parnassus. Here are an assemblage of grottos and caves, hid in fissures and recesses which you have to penetrate on your hands and knees, and abounding in objects shapeless and savage, and vast and grim. Unluckily the torch went out, and I had a fall. It was not dis- covered why the torch would not burn until the next day, when, Madeira being called for a glass of turpentine nearly poisoned one of the party. It appeared that Madeira, instead of turpentine, had been applied to the torches. Here let me give two hints to future visitors. First wear well-stuffed knee pads and good buckskin gloves, unless, like pious pilgrims you are intent on self maceration; and se- cond, apply the Madeira to your mouths, and turpentine to your torches - instead of re- versing it, as we did. Leaving the Poets' Cor- ner and again entering the arch, climb over that huge block of marble, plant your ladder upon it, against the rock; the more agile of the party will then fix a rope to yonder sta- lactite pillar, and you can thus ascend to the north eastern gallery. Here is a grotto, which I have named "Our Lady's Chapel" from its similarity to the chapel of the blessed Virgin, in the cathedral of Rouen. Here too are numerous caves disconsolate of light, and recesses thick with Stygian gloom; but my accident had damped my curiosity, and di- minished my ardour. Descending by the, rope and ladder to the bed of the tunnel, pro- ceed southwards, with the gallery of statues and tombs on your right, and the marble gal- lery on your left - passing, too on your right, the catacombs, pausing for a moment to ad- mire, in the central roof, a cavern which I have named the belfry - and after walking 240 yards, you arrive at the southern arch or entrance. You have already observed, that the span of this arch is nearly double the width of the northern arch, but ascend the south eastern gallery, (a cripple might climb to it,) and con- trast the roof with that of the northern arch. Here it is not fretted or festooned - it is car- tooned, and no Raphael could imitate the colours. And then the gallery (admitted to be the most profuse in wonders of the whole) \- here the marble is scattered and flung wild, "without rule or art," enormous blocks. You might fancy that half a dozen cathedrals had here heaped their fonts and monumental , effigies, for there are fonts enough to Chris- tianize all the heathen, and shrines and monuments enough to illustrate half the piety and chivalry of Europe; or you might imagine, that the Valley of Sepulchres, or Balbec and Palmyra, Cities of the Dead, had here emptied their ruined palaces, and mau- soleums - those ruinous galleries presenting the outlines of public places, and yonder prostrate pillars having once formed the ma- jestic ornaments of a temple. But quitting the gallery and tunnel, trace the creek up a short distance from the southern entrance, and turning, you will observe, Among the rugeed rocks high beetling overhead a cave, nearly level with the key-stone of the arch, to which you may easily ascend. I have named it the " Giants' Hole," from its resemblance to a cave so named, on the Clif- ton Rocks. Entering this from the outside rock, you may, through internal vaults and passages, arrive at the south-western gallery of the tunnel, but it is a darksome way, That, deep descending through the hollow ground, Is all with dread and horror companss'd round. I attempted the passage, but retreated, the place was too perpendicularly precipitate for my lamed and jaded limbs. I met the more adventurous of the party ,however, on their exit in the south western gallery, and you will here remnik that this gallery, (quite distinct from the fine galleries before mentioned) has also a peculiar and distinguishing columnar character, being composed of lofty and gigan- tic pillared stalactitae. But it is time to return to the refectory, and while stimulating the intellectual, by in- dulging the animal, observe the sun's rays reflected fiom the water on the many-co- loured stalactitae on the roof. By throwing a pebble in the pool you produce a magical effect, all the colours of the rainbow blending in The ceaseless dance of flickering coloured light Chequering the dripping roof and aged walls. Something is due to conviviality and repose :- when these dues are satisfied, bring the torches and blue lights and rockets, and at midnight revisit the gallery of tombs and sta- tues. The young and active will ascend the marble gallery opposite. The ascent, perilous even by day, is, by torch light, dangerous in the extreme. Ensconce yourself behind Lao- coon or Polyphemus : the rockets, however well aimed cannot reach you here, and in this light-sometimes blue, sometimes lurid, by fits and starts illuminating the dark masses of rock, and statue, and stalactitae, leaving others in stagnant gloom - in this light, the spectacle is indeed sublime , but your rap- ture is mingled with terror when looking at your companions, whom the extinguishment of a torch, a single false step, or a slip on the marble, would hurl into the chasm below. Tiail, go 1 ILSS of nocturnal sport, Dark-veil'd Cotytto ! to whom the secret flame Of midnight torches burns : mysterious dame ! That ne'er art called but when the dragon womb Of Stygian darkness spits her thickest gloom, And makes one blot of of all the air, - Stay thy cloudy ebon chair, Wherein thou ridest with Hecat, and befriend Us thy vowed priests ! But, by the rear of the gallery, creeping among the hundred stalactite pillars and and arches, repair to the dormitory, - though some will remain watching for the moon's rising, conceiving the tunnel to be privileged like "fair Melrose" in this respect : Unmuflle, ye faint stars, and thou, fair moon, Stoop thy pale visage through an amber cloud, And disinherit chaos that reigns here In doulble night of darkness and of shade. And of a truth, when the moon docs rise yon are rewarded. Observe the effect on the dark- green foliage of those lofty swamp oaks, that surpass the rocks in height : how each leaf is individualized ! And then the dim uncertain gloomy light and shadow, - here penetrating, there not reaching ; each near recess " softly embossoming the timid light," and the distant rendered darker by the contrast. But the snores of the sleepers harmonize queerly and the mild sublimity of the scene, and even en- thusiam at last grows weary. The dimensions of the tunnel, for which I am indebted to Mr. Davidson, are as fol- lows. feet, The length from the northern arch, or entrance to the southern arch, or exit (measured). 720 The breadth of the northern arch, or entrance (measured). 130 The pitch of the northern arch (mea- sured). 55 From pitch to summit of rock (mea- sured). 17 Extreme height at centre of tunnel (not measured) about... 100 The breadth of southern arch, or exit (measured). 117 Where the space of the arch extends and is prolonged, in the south- eastern gallery (not measured) but about .. .. .. 200 Pitch of the southern arch, or exit (measured). 73 From pitch to summit of rock (mea- sured) . 100 Compare these dimensions with those of Fingal's celebrated basaltic cave at Staffa : The length from the farthest of the basalt pillars in the cave, which from the shore form a canal to the cave, 121 feet 6 inches: from the commencement of the vault to the Feet In. end of the cave, 250 feet .. .. 371 6 The breadth of its entrance .. .. 53 7 Of the interior. 20 0 The height of the vault at the en- trance of the cave . 117 6 Of ditto at the interior end .. .. 70 0 The roof of the cave of Okey Hole, on the south side of Mendip (the most famous among the natural caverns or grottoes of England), is, in its highest part, but forty eight feet, but in many particular places it is so low that a man must stoop to get along. The breadth is not less various than the height, for in some places it is from five-and twenty to thirty feet wide, and in others not more than one or two feet. It thus appeals that the extent and height of the tunnel is beyond comparison greater than either of these celebrated places. There are parts greatly resembling the Wellington caves; but in size and magnificence there is about the same proportion as between a pa- ish church and Westminster Abbey, or a poet's garret and Windsor Castle. To the highest point we ascended (and we certainly climbed to within forty feet of the summit of the roof), we found drift wood, proving that the waters had at some previous time risen to that height (unless, indeed, the wood had drifted through the fissures or caverns in the roof, which I deem impossible \-- at least I could not discover them). Petri- fied bones of wollabies and wombats, and petrified dung, may be found in great quan- tities. Petrified wood is also abundant. I knocked off the best specimen from the back of Niobe's head (stealing her hair). I brought, however, but few specimens ; for who would carry away a brick in illustration of Babylon the Great? I complain certainly that it should be called a tunnel. It is rather suggestive of some pettifogging work of man, than one of the grandest operations of nature. and, if it would not be robbing the discoverer of his immortability, and I stood sponsor to the spot, it should be called "the Wombat caverns of the Burrangilong." The Freemasons should hold a grand lodge there; but I should dissuade teetotallers from coming - the water (unless amply mixed with brandy) being of such a petrifying quality it would inevitably turn their stomachs into stalactitae. I would recommend all your other readers, who may possess curiosity, [?], and leisure, to make a pilgrimage to this sublimest and most fantastic of Nature's freaks. Thanks for the lessons of this spot ; fit school For the presumptuous thoughts that would assign Mechanic laws to agency divine, And, measuring heaven by earth, would overrule Infinite power. The pillared vestibule Expanding, yet precise ; the roof embowed, Might seem designed to humble man, when proud Of his best workmanship by plan or tool. GILBERT WRIGHT. 