FALSE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. We believe there is nothing which causes more gene ral indignation in commercial life than to have " false balances and the bag of deceitful weights." But this would necessarily be the case if there were no standard by which to try the weights and measures in buying and selling. If every one were left to himself he would make " the Ephah small and the shekel great, and falsify the balances by deceit." Accordingly we find God himself setting up a standard measure which is called " the Shekel of the Sanctuary" (Exodus xxx. 13). By this all the money was to be weighed and all the weights measured. And thus every one would understand what was meant by a Shekel when he had either to buy or to sell. From the time of the Jewish Theocracy downward every civilized nation has had its standard weight and measure by which to regulate its internal and inter national dealings, and the falsification of either has been made a punishable offence. Nay, as many of our readers are aware, the London Mint requires her Ma jesty's Privy Council, assisted by competent parties (called a Piux Jury), to assay the precious metals, and to try the weights of the current coin ; and the national scales, weights, and measures are themselves annually brought to the standard by an empanelled jury. Whether or not the local authorities here consider our shopkeepers more honest than their neighbours, or whether it is that they rely upon the dormant Town Council for the assize of our Colonial weights and mea sures we know not; but certain it is that, for want of a vigilant leet jury or some properly-constituted legal Court of Inquiry, many private families and country settlers have for some time past been grossly defrauded by the false balances and light weights of some of our tradespeople. Numerous individual instances have come to our knowledge. If the baker have not poisoned us by hi6 adulterations he has defrauded us by light weight, in many cases the 21b. loaf being 6 oz. short; in others 4 oz.; and in others 2 oz. and 2| oz. A bushman, who ordered 2000lbs. of flour, happened, by chance, to weigh it, and found it 170lbs. short; and another pur chased a bag of flour 30lbs. short of the weight. On one occasion 4^-lbs. of tea were sent to a country settler as 5lbs. ,We believe a pound of butter (so-called), if weighed in. the balances, would as often kick the beam as hold it in equilibrium. Nor are butchers (however they may boast of their fair dealing) without fault; and were the ghosts of all the legs of mutton and rounds of beef which they have sold underweight to revisit the glimpses of tlie moon they would form an array as terrible as Richard the Third's murdered victims, and sit almost as heavily on their consciences. The practice to which we have referred is a piece of petty larceny of the worst description ; and if English people are to be sent to the treadmill for stealing a penny loaf to satisfy their hunger, a fradulent shop keeper who picks his neighbour's pocket by using false scales, light weights, or short measures, and who cannot urge the plea of want, ought at least to he fined in pro portion to the enormity and frequency of the offence ; and much as we dislike informers we could almost tole rate them to bring such offenders to justice. In most large English towns the greatest activity on this score is manifested ; and when some of the light-weight gen tlemen least expect it, " Tekel! tekel!" is written upon their entablatures, their fraudulent implements of trade are seized, and themselves mulcted in penalties and costs varying from 2s 6d to 60s. This was the case in the town of Leeds lately when no fewer than sixteen of these honest folk were fined in one day. In March last, in the town of Manchester, thirty-two per sons, butchers, bakers, potato and coal dealers, &c.;, &c.;, were brought up by the Inspector of weights and mea sures, for having false weights and balances in their possession, and a conviction followed in every ease. At Bolton, a beerseller was fined for using two pewter measures which were knocked in at the bottom. We also observe that similar convictions have taken place at Rochdale. It is stated that at Manchester the prin cipal number of deficient weights arose from steelyards. The inspector of weights and measures observed that there were very few steelyards correct, and advised the public to be on their guard against them. In Persia, if we mistake not, a detected fraudulent baker is nailed by the ears to his own door post. We would suggest whether some such simple remedy could not be adopted here. 