THE SYNOD OF AUSTRALIA. This Synod met on Wednesday, the 4th Inst., in St. Andrew's Scots Church, Sydney. The State Moderator, the Rev. Wm. Hamilton, A.M., Goulburn, preached a sermon from Acts xx. 28,-" Take heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God which he has purchased with his own blood." The Court was then constituted, and the roll made out, when the following members took their sents The Rev. Wm. Hamilton, Moderator ; Dr. McGarvie, Dr. Fullerton, Mr. M'Intyre, Mr. Blain, Mr. Ross, Mr. Tait, Mr. R. Stewart, Mr. C. Stewart, Mr. Smythe. Mr. M'Fie, Mr. Adam, Mr. Atchison, MacGilchrist, ministers and Dr. Hill and Mr. Hunter, elders. The Rev. Dr. Fullerton was unanimously chosen Moderator, and the Rev. H. R. Gilchrist was elected as Clerk. Several Committees were then appointed, after which the Synod adjourned till seven o'clock. The Synod met in the evening force tional exercises. It was opened with singing and prayer by the Moderator, and, at the request of the Moderator, the Rev. K. D). Smythe, the Rev. C. Eipper, the Rev. R. Blain, and the Rev. Wm. McIntyre conducted similar exercises. Thursday. It was proposed by the Rev. Wm. M Intyre, and seconded by the Rev. K. D. Smythe, that the thanks of the Synod be presented to Mr. Hamilton for the excellent discourse) which he delivered at the opening of the Synod, and that he be requested to publish it. It was then proposed and unanimously agreed to, that the thanks of the Synod 100 tendered to the Rev. Dr. Fullerton, for the very efficient and obliging manners which he discharged his duties as clerk to this Synod for two years. The Rev. Mr. M'Intyre having stated to the Court that the Rev. Christopher Eipper, one of the German Missionaries, was desirous of being received as a Minister of this body, the following Brethren were appointed a Committee, to confer" with Mr. Eipper, was the view of obtaining such information as may satisfy the Court as to his present views of Church Government, and the grounds on which the Mission, of which he was a member, withdrew from under the superintendence of this Synod, viz.: the Rev. William McIntyre, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.,Sin\llic, Dr. M'Cirvic. A Memorial norn James UwUic, Jo"" and John, wí others, praying that the Rev. "> S. Anderson, A.M., may have the court '. 1 and -operation of the Synod ift 1- S »°« congregation in Sydney, was S of the Presbytery of Sydney, which 'is filled to meet for the purpose of con It Report of the Committee on Missions sad and approved and the following *. -He was appointed, with the same in 's 12 as were given last year. The Rev. S t LMr Forbes, Mr. Hetherington, Mr. )f Äd. Fullerton, and Dr. Hill, Mr. 0 &7P.,and Mr. Hunter. is ileConvcncr of the Committee, of Foreign in independence reported, that the letters they n «eiaitnicied to prepare, after having been '" failed to the Commission and approved, n (( dispatched to the different Churches, " itineraries have as yet been received. Ik Presbytery of Sydney having been Bid on to state what they had done in the ' K of the Memorial respecting the Rev. wire Anderson their Moderator stated in lit Presbytery requested the Synod to [ask consideration of the case into their kinds; and after considerable deliberation the Synod resolved not to grant the use of the Petition; but authorized Mr. motion to continue within the rounds of the statutory of Sydney, and recommended that (ability to employ him as a Missionary in 1 'The Committee appointed to confer with ! r.Epp, the German Missionary, reported lilley were fully satisfied with Mr. Eippcr's 1 mlinilKMi of the grounds on which began ' aid to the withdrawal of the Mission of Met he was a member IVoiri under the superintendence of the Synod of Australia; ! ii also received from him he explicit account of his belief of the scriptural matter of Presbyterian Government, Mr KP0''., together with the circum i situate Mr. Kipper was recognised as an lined Minister by the Court at the time of 1 information, induced the Synod to receive in with the understanding that the Presby rj within whose bourne no may be placed in require him to renew his subscription to j Westminster Confession of Faith and souls of the Church. The Synod then wired Mr. Eipper, the Moderator, and to members, giving him the right hand of Howship. Mr. Eipper was then directed to late himself under the superintendence of e Presbytery of Campbelltown, that he ¡y itinerate in the southern district, wheat other matters which are not of public importance were then brought forward. FRIDAY, Much of this day was occupied in const bring an overture from the Presbytery of Maitland, urging the Synod to take immediate [up to educate young men for the holy in large, and the following persons were appointed as a committee, to draw up a series Regulations, embodying the best method of accomplishing this most important object, is.: thickly. Mr. M'Intyre, Dr. McGarvie, Mr, Hamilton, Mr. Tait, and Mr. Hunter. Iii regulations are to be submitted to the real Presbyteries for correction and amendment, with a view to their adoption by it Synod at its next annual meeting. A memorial from Mr. James S. White, late [Scherf the Australian College, praying to clan under the superintendence of the one, that he may prosecute his studies for the purpose of entering the Christian Ministry was read, but the consideration of it was allowed till the last named committee shall have completed their arrangements The wind was then occupied for a long period in its consideration of matters connected with c internal government of the body. Saturday. During the greater part of this day, the first was occupied in hearing cases which had been referred to its decision by the press juries, but which would not be generally iltrcatingtot ne public. The Synod appointed the first Wednesday ilDccembernoxtto be observed throughout the Presbyterian Church in this colony, as a by of solemn humiliation and prayer, with a special reference to the present embarrassed the distressed state of the colony, which is to fled as a chastisement of Divine Province, not the less that it has resulted imme likely from the errors of men, and more specially from the covetousness in which itmostall classes have indulged. The Synod instructed the several Ministers preach on the sin of perjury, and the duty M regular attendance on the public ordi- lines of religion on the Lord's Day. 1 Mon may | lue Synod spent much of this day in inquiring into the state of congregations, and in giving directions for the guidance of Presby juries and Ministers. The Report of the Press Mtcry of Sydney was read and approved, in 'which it was stated that it was reported to the Presbytery in February last, that the Rev. James Allan, one of the late ministers of Parramatta, had declared his determination to save this Church, both as a minister and remember. The Presbytery appointed a committee, therefore, to deal with Mr. Allan, but who committee reported that he declined to receive them, and the Moderator of Presbytery read a letter which he had received from Mt Moderator of Synod, in which Mr. Allan tendered the resignation of his license as a minister of the Church of Scotland. It was Pen agreed that the Presbytery record their sense of the discourteous conduct of Mr. Allan, in declining to meet their committee, and their deep regret that after having many years ago taken the very solemn vows which is laid upon every licentiate of the Church of Scotland, and at a later period of his life Received those vows when he was ordained to Jib ministry in this land, that he should have green induced so hastily to take the step he has. HHC in direct violation of these vows, sEnd in circumstances that render a well as in a change of V'°WR bo questionable. But the Presbytery deemed it not for edification to take any steps further than to declare that Vlf. James Allan is no longer a minister of this Church, and that he is incapable of per j*forniiii(r any ministerial duty, or filling any }!? co 1,».connexi°n with the Synod of Austra- v"J}B' 1 is report was approved. After this fine Synod was chiefly occupied with private matters connected with particular congress ''lions which could have only a local interest. 