ENGLISH. PISCOVEHY OF T0E SAECE ISLAND.— The Halifax Papers of last week published (lie following" SingulaV Discovery.—The following facts have been made known to us by a gentleman of this city, who had his inforuiation from tbe best authority, viz.. Captain Darby, senior, governor(aslieis cabled) of Sable Island. .For the lest 25 or 30 yean there has been a large mound or pyramid of sand, about 100 feet high, on the Island, and not very far from tbe residence of Capt. Darby.—The winds for some years have been gradually diminishing its height, and »fter a severe blow some few weeks since, it was completely blown away; and, singu'ar to say, a number of small houses built of the timbers and planks of a vessel were quite visible. On examination they were found to contain a nuiiiber of -articles of furniture and stores, put up in boxes, which were marked M3rd Regiment'; the boxes or cases were perfectly rotten, and would not admit of their being removed. A brass dog collar was, however, discovered by Captain Darby, with the name of'Major Elliot, 43rd Regt.' on it, and which Captain Darby brought to the city and presented to Major Tryon, who belongs lo the 43rd."—Herald, Monday,—Captain Darby 1ms endorsed ibis extraordinary announcement. Addressing the Editor of tbe Herald on Wednesday, he says—" The bouses are appearing at a base of a hill about two miles long, and sixty or seventy feet high, lying parallel wilh the south coast of the island; the eastern end of which bill is about fifty-five feet high, covered with grass and olher vegetation, about thirty-five feet below the surface,and twenty- three above the level of the sea; these houses appear as the sands wear away with the action of the winds. There appeared at times numerous bullets of lead; a great number of military shoes, parts of bales of blankets, and cloths, brass points of sword scabbards, beeswax, a small convex glass on both sides, a copper half-penny of George 11, dated 1749, some military brass buckles, a great number of brass pins, a very small brass dog's collar, with " Major Elliot, 43rd Regt." engraved on it; numerous bones tome whole and some broken, with the' scalp of hair and head-dress of a young femaland a piece of gold band. There are three buildings which seem to have beeu constructed of the fragments of some ships; Ihey are situated about ten feet apart, in a triangular form and are 10 or 12 feet square."—Hampshire Telegraph. EFFECTS OF FROST.—The sledges with oxen, calves, and goats, have the most extraordinary appearance in the St. Peters burgh market. These animals are brought to market perfectly frozen. Of course they are suffered lo freeze in an extended posture, because in thisstate they are most manageable. Therestand the tail figures o r the oxen, like blood-stained ghosts, lifting up their long horns around the sides of the sledge; while the goats, looking exactly as if they were alive, only with faint, glazed, and frozen eyes, slaud threateningly opposite to one another. Every part is frozen hard as a stone. The carcases are cut up like trunks of trees, with saw and axe. The Russians are pailicularly fond of 6ucking pig, and whole trains of sledges laden with infant swine come to the market. The little starvelings, strung together like thrushes, are sold by the dozen ; and the long-legged mothers keep watch over them round the sledge. The anatomy of the Russian butcher is a very simple science. For as every part, flesh or bone, is alike bard, they have no occasion to pay regard to the natural division of the joints. With the saw they cut up hogs into a number of steaks, an inch or two inches thick, as we do a rump of beef. The flesh splits and shivers during the operation like wood, and the little beggar wenches are very busy picking up the ai.imal saw- duslout of the snow. Vou do not ask for a steak, a chop, a joint, but for a slice, a block, a lump, e a splinter of meat. The same is the case wilh fish ; they, too, are as if they were cut out of marble or wood Those of the diminitive species, like the snitiU, are brought in sacks, and they are put into the scales wilh shovels. The large pike, salmon, and sturgeon, every inch of which was once so lithe and stipple, are now stiffened as if by magic. To protect them from the warmth, in case of sudden thaw—for thawing would essentially deteriorate their flavour—they are covered with snow and lumps of ice, in which they lie cool enough. It is not uncommon for the whole cargo to be frozen into one mass, so that tbe crowbar and pincers are required to get an individual hah.—Kohl's Russia and thi Russ'ans. DISTRAINING FOE RENT.—' Speaking of Turkey," says the N. O. Picayune, we he~ard an extensive tale yesterday. It was told us by the doctor. A man up town, on goin to dinner a day or two ago, fouud a magnificent turkey, weighing 15 or 20 pounds, smoking hot on the table. As he happened lo recollect that he had himself purchased a pair of ducks in the market that morning, lie began to wonder how they became transformed into the dish before him. " Ben," said he to the boy waiting upon him, " where the devil did this Turkey come from?" "Why, sa," said Fen, "datar turkey is been rousin' on our fence dis three night, and dis tnornin' I seize him for de rent ob defence." A great nigger that? We have a shrewd suspicion that he understands the lawB of Turkey much better than his master. A NEW MODE OF RAISIKO THE WIND. •—The following humourous and extraordinary anecdote, illustrative of the degrading extent to which even Lords and M.P.'s will sometimes go to. achieve pecuniary ends is daily furnishing conversational food for the gossips at the west-end:—Some short time since a scion of nobility, who recently acquired gome notoriety in Paris, being desperately pushed for a "cool" couple of hundred pounds, and bavin"- ineffectually tried every probable source to obtain it, at last, as a dernier resort, applied to his noble parent (a gallant marquess) for the trifling accomodation; trifling, however, as the sum may appear, the heroic M.P. is reported to have met with a plump, and not very courteous negative to his application. Disappointed enraged at the refusal, and the peitory tone In which it was conveyed, a brave son of Neptune, hit upon, and Proteu6-like, carried into execution the following eccentric stratagem to effect his purpose:—It happened that at a crossing opposite tbe wiudow of the room in which slept the uoble marquess, bis father, a mendicant sweeper was in the habit of tak- ing Vis stand in pursuit of liis daily jSvoca- ] tion. To this " knight of tlie broom" the hero repaired, and " for ' a small -- sum r -" bought - - him off his " lifehold" or crossing for a 1 day; and on the following' .morning,' about the hour the marquess usually rose, (he distinguished scion, disguised 'as a bfeggar, with a bran-new" broom, was seen industriously employed in sweeping clouds of dust towaids the gallant marquess's window. On looking out the uoble marquess, to his utter astonishment, beheld a fresh and illconducted sweeper, and incensed at the rude manner in which he was carrying on his operations, dispatched a servant to know the cause. The servant having, in the persm of the mendacious sweeper, oiscovered Lord , returned in breathless haste ro his, master, and informed him that it was his own son who was thus occupied in kicking up such a dust! " Oh, hang him," said the noble and brave, veteran, " that is done to raise the wind (writing); here, take this to him—a cheque—tell him to be off and change his tags—his morals he never can." The command was no sooner given than obeyed, and the beggar quitted his post of honor and retreated in double quick time, highly gratified, however, with his new mode of " raising the wind."—Observer. Count Roy, as reporter of the Commission of Comptabilile, having proposed lo the Chamber of Peers the erection of a marble statute to the late Duke of Orleans in the Luxembourg, the motion was carried by acclamation. When this fact was communicated by Baron Pasqqier, the chancellor and president of tbe Chamber of Peers, to the King, by dispatches sent to Normandy, his Majesty immediately addressed to him the following letter:— Eu, August 28, 184?t Monsieur le Cliancellier—1 urn too much affected by the vote ol the Chamber of Peers, which you announce to me in the letter I have this moment received, to delay an instant in requesting you lo be the organ of informing the Chamber uniil I can in person testify to tliem how muoli I am touched by Iheir proceedings—of the emotion which their unanimous vote has caused me. Natiiingcouitl be more conformable to the denresi wishes of my heart than to see the statue of my beloved sou, whom 1 can only Inment, as clo'.e to mine after his death, as lie had himself been to me during the whole time that Providence preserved him lo me. The Queen and all my family join with roe in beseeching you to be the interpreter of our sentiments to the Chamber of Peers. You have long known, my dear Chancellor, what my ieelinjs are towards yourself, and I hove great pleasure in again repeating them to you on this occasion.—Your affectionute, Louis PHILIPPE. The Very Rev. Principal Lee waited on Prince Albert at Dalkeith Palaee, and delivered to his Royal Highness ihe diploma of L.L.D., conferred by the Senatus Academicus of the Edinburgh University. The diploma was enclosed in a case of elegant woikmanship, and was most graciously received by Prince Albert.—Ibid. PUOJIMISSOIIY NOTES —The following is an account of the average amount of bullion in the Bank of England, during the four weeks ending the 20lh August, 1842:— England—Bank of England, £20,351,000; private banks, £5,150,628 ; joint stock banks, £9,823,090. Scotland—Chartered private and joint-slock banks, £2,674,835. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, £2,831,653; private and joint-stock banks, £1,632,617; total, £35,463,920.—Bullion in tbe Bank or England, £9,570,000.--Ibid. BEVHOUT, JULV 24.—I regret to say that Bishop Alexander is very ill and confined to bed from fever, having already been several limes slightly indisposed. The climate of Jerusalem docs not appear to agree with his constitution. EMIGRATION TO TIIE CANADAS.—The latest advices from New Brunswick continue lo describe the redundancy of labour which slill exists; and that, consequently, great distress prevails there. Too many emigrants have arrived there already this season. THE HEAT IS ALGIERS.—We find the following ill the Akhbarof Algiers of the 15th iiislant:—This sickness has become frightful. Cerebral fever is especially prevalent, and is almost always mortal. No locality is spared. At Dely Ibrahim, a village which was celebrated for its salubrity, there is a great mortality. The cause of this is the intense heat, and probably there will be many more victims before the beginning of autumn. Our troops have suffered much, but, fortunately, no precautions are spared against this scourge, which every summer makes of Algiers a frightful charnelhouse. THE ' CORN ' HARVEST—INSTRUCTIONS TO REAPERS.—Take a small piece of flannel which has been washed. Wrap or sow it round the corn and toe. One thickness will be sufficient. Wet the flannel where the corn is, nigbt and morning, with fine sweet oil. Renew the flannel weekly, and at the same time pare the corn, which will soon disappear. "THE SPIRIT or '79 is RHODE IS- LAND.—Duiing ihe recent rebellion, a man belonged to one of the country brigades lagged behind his regiment, and finally returned to his family. ' Ar'nt you going with the troops?' says his wife. « Whv, no my dear, I think on the whole is is my duty to stay and protect you,' replied the husband. ' Well now,' says she, ' I can just tell you cither you or I with Governor King's men against Tom Dorr's rebels. If you are not going, give me your breeches !' He went." NOTICE TO QUIT.—THE PRINCE OF WALES'S NURSE.—It appears, that the nurse of the young Prince has been a little 'overtaken;' and, in consequence, has received a friendly intimation from her Majesty that her services are no longer required. On the day of the baptism of the young Prince, she got presents to the amount of £150 and, subsequently, further sutns, amounting to £500; and her perquisites, on weaning the Royal infant, were estimated at £2000; so that her situation, if, in some respects, a sinecure, was not without its pecuniary advantages. On a late occasion, her Majesty, on entering the nursery, found her in a state of intoxication, and very properly dismissed her. ASPARAGUS.—Take a quart wine bottle, such as French wine is sold in, invert it over the head of an asparagus just rising above the ground, and secure it by three sticks, so that it cannot be knocked down. If left in this state the asparagus will grow up in the interior of the bottle and, being stimulated by the unusual heat and moisture it is there exposed to, will speedily fill it. As soon as this has taken place the bottle must be Wken, tod die asparagus removea, when it will be found to have fortoed a thick head ofiender delicaie shoots, all eatable, and as compact- as a. cauliflower. SEASONABIX CAUTFOK.—MusnRooMs.— The'followng simple and easy method is'recommended for trying the quality of field mushrooms:—Take an onion and strip the outer skin, and boil it with them : if it remains white they are good, but if it becomes blue or black there are certainly dangerous ones among them. When the symptoms of poison have already taken place, the medical assistant recommends ah emetic, drinking plentifully of warm water; and when the contents of the stomach are brought off to have recourse to strong cordials, such as ginger lea and brandy, with laudanum, or cayenne pepper made into pills.— MURDER .TIIROUGII FEAR,. — At the Carmarthen assizes in 1742, a girl only eight years old was tried fur the murder of a brother and sister, the one six, the other four years of age, and acquitted. It appeared that the three children, who lived in a cottage not far from the sea, had been frightened wilh sto-ies of the cruelly of the Spaniards, and the danger of their landing upon that coast. These children having been one day left alone, when there happened to arise a violent thunder storm, became so terrified as to imagine the Spaniards were coming, nnd the eldest, to avoid failing into their hands, took up a hedging bill in order to destroy herself, which the two young children observing, cried out repeatedly, ' Pray, sister, kill us first,' upon which she actually dispatched them. She afterwards desperately wounded herself, but not having strength, or perhaps courage enough, after seeing such pain, to complete her design that way, she ran out of the house lo a river near it, and was going to throw herself in, but was prevented by some casual passenger, to whom she said, in great terror, that she was going <o drown herself for fear of the Spaniards, and lhat she had killed her brother and sister for the same reason.—The Welchman. —Hampshire Telegraph, —Gardner's Chronicle. Hampshire Telegraph. 