Q@ r lllnil l tr' "rc1 o l elt 1 1 . THE MEETING. Mm. EnITron-Happening to have come to Sydney a few days ago, and hearing of a grand meeting to be held at the Royal Hotel, " to take into consideration the present alarming and depressed state of the colony," I went there, hoping to hear some rational plan suggested to remove the severe pressure under which we are all suffering; but I confess I was most cruelly disappointed; for, ex. cept the pungent and caustic observations of Mr. Macdermott, and the few manly and rational remarks of Captain O'Connell,-I heard nothing wiser or better than I might expect amongst an equal number of old ladies over their tea, if they turned their thobighta.towards the state of the colony. I heard nothing, in fact, but some lachrymose plaints of the sad state of the times, ridiculous theories, impracti. cable and idle plans, visionary expedients, and groundless hopes. Johnson said " he never thought be had hit hard unless it rebounded ;" according to that rule, Mr. Macdermott's observations must have stung certain parties to the quick; for, reading the editorial remalks of this morning in the Australian, on the result of the meeting, 1 saw not a cool, rational, and dispassionate review of the state of affairs, but a violent attack upon Mr. Macdermott-an attack equally uncalled for and unjust, and the more so as coming from a reverend personage, who, by imposition of hands, had received the aflatus of the Holy Ghost: tan. rene animis celestibus irae. As to the speeches delivered a tr. n. pbert Cooper's was 'altogether ludicrous; and it;iseems rather singular that a man who always displayed such cleverness, both in his original and his present vocation, whether as a chevalier d' insdustrie, looking out for a swag amongst the Thames lighters, or as'a merchant alchymist, transmuting Australian ditch. water into blue-ruin, and the latter into bank notes, and even solid sovereigns: it is truly a wonder that to shrewd a fellow should talk the stark staring nonsense he did. I wonder how Mr. Burdekin will like his doctrine 1 confess, however, when I saw Dr. Bland speak, I hoped to find some effectual panacea for the ills of the colony, the more especially as he was one of the requisitionists who called the consultation of politi. cal physicians; but I felt greatly disappointed and surprised that the Doctor (for the first time perhaps in his life when called in) gave no prescription whatever to the sick patient I Is there no balm in Gilead ? Is there no physician there I Or, is it because the learned Djctor knows not the disease, or considers the case desperate ? This looks bad ! something I fear is rotten in the state of Denmark. It was a great pity and loss to the meeting that Mr. Ryan Brenan's throat was so sore, otherwise he no doubt would have hit off tome plan of amelioration. Mr. 1. seemed something like the school.boy who mis-spelled because his pen was bad ; and therefore -could not be blamed, on account of the affection of his larynx ; for surely, after calling the collective wisdom of Sydney together, had his throat been well, he would not have hit so wide of the mark as he did. It was, moreover, a splendid opportunity (now, alas I gone for ever) for him, as well as for several other candidates for legislative honors, to exhibit their eloquence, political wisdom, and fitness for the office of legislators; but Mr. Brenan will no doubt get his throat in order for a full display of those high qualities in the new council, when he gets there. I was on tiptoe to hoar theAustralian Demostlhenes, and I expected that every sentence of his would be a syllogism, and every assertion oracular. I ima. gined I should have to soar with him into the " em pyreal air" in his lofty flights of eloquence, and penetrate to the depths of political science and see how the foundations of empires are laid; but wllether it was that he thought it unworthy of his gigantic powers to display them before a popular assembly, and that he reserves them to astonish the world in the' new council, or whether the sight of Macder. .mott (like Brutus's evil genius at Philippi) para. lyzed his faculties and broke the chain of his ratio. -cination, or whatever might have been the cause, " Richard was not himself." .Anybody could say what he did, via., that he signed the requisition knowing the meeting could do no good; that he knew not what plan to propose for the amelioration of the colony then, but would in council (the coun. cillors are to be all sages) ; and that Mr. Macder. molt was " a fiend" and a " diabolical character." I have heard the eloquence of this Coryphlau of all that.is liberal, and enlightened, and sagacious in the colony, .compared with that of some of our greatest orators; 'but I forget whether it was to the close and nervous style of Fox, or the lofty and diffuse elegance of Burke. Of course he possesses these powers, and no doubt-reserves them for a fitter occasion.; but to us ordinary men, it does ieem somewhat strange that he should put his name to a requisition calling a meeting which he foresaw could do no good if noogood, he knew (for sowise a man could not but know) that it must do Incalculable mischief, as affording authentic evidence to New South Wales, to England, to thie world, that the colonyis in a state of prostration, and on the edge of ruin, But Mr. Wentworth will urge the Governor to hasten the assemblage of the legislative councill I Alas I is this the progeny the mountain has brought forth after all its throesl Parlurlunt monrel, 4'. Alas for New South Wales, if its Viceroy neglects hIis duty and slumbers on his post while ruin stalks around, uinless his elbow is jogged to awake him by the all seeing Wm. Charles Wentworth, Esq. I But Mr. Wentwvorth is a philosopher. He talks of the upper classes, as distinguished from thie lowe, - classeo. Until I read this I always thought tihe average height of Englishl, Irilsh, and Scotchmen,' was about five feet seven inches, or thereabouts, and I began to pause and ruminate as to what he could mean by so dividing mankind, when all of a sudden I bethoughlt me that it must be a sort of mental anachronism on the part of the learned gen. tleman, and that he fancled himself as in days of yore, when he anrd his brethren, the enfanr gates of fortune, mounted astride on the necks of the people, rode, and spurred, and .flogged the poor, sweating, panting creatures to death. This must be the jpleasing fantasy which flitted before Iis imagination when he talkedlof thre upper and the lower classes. -Unforlunately for the said urpper olasirses, thie powers in Downlg.stlreet who rule the destinies of this Colony, are deaf to their prayers, andi tears, and supplications to be re.placed in their old position. And hIlere we have the secret of their hate of Mac dermoth, He joins not in these their prayers and supplications; ire ridicules their pretensions a; ie thinks (right or wrong) thIat the samo Almighty be naicent Being .created oal the classes of mankind alike; endowed them alike with bodily and mental powers; loves them alike; and therefore that the distinguishing tire great family of mankind into hirgher and louer classes (whlch the Creator himself has not done), is darilg and impious, Mlr. Moe. dermott thlinks-thsat the intelligent, the ingenIous, the virtuous worklIng people; those whoses ueful, whose inestimable labours change our savage forests into the" smiling abodes of man, and fill the land with peace] and plenty; whose hands produce every thing which makes life desirable, houses, ships, ma chines, utensils, furniture, clothes, and a thousand et ceteras; who fight the battles of their country, navigate its ships, pay its taxes, found its colonies, and who form the blood, and bone, and sinew of the state. Mr. Macdermott thinks that the men and women who work all the wonders of art and of science which adorn our common country, are, as a class, at least as useful, at least as worthy of public respect, and the legislator's regard, as the fruges consumere nati, those classes born only to eat, and drink, and loll, and wallow in voluptuous indulgence (like the hog that Franklin's negro described as a real gentleman). Mr. Macdermott thinks this, and for thus thinking, and speaking as he thinks, some of the upper classes, it seems, deem him an enemy, and pursue him with implacable hostility; nay, they deprive religion of one of its ornaments to do so; they hire a divine, as I said, to defame him, to per secute, and, if possible, drive him from respectable society. Mr. Mlacdermott expressed no wish for any body's downfall. He expressed, however, his contempt for the anile, the stolid fatuity of adding to the alarm already felt at home, by publicly acknowledging the sunken state of the colony, and that by men, who, when they signed the requisition to the Mayor, acknowledged that it could do no good I He, there fore (though he considered the meeting to be but a solemn kind of farce), went there to tell a parcel of fools that they were fools, and something more. He told the bankers their system was unsound, and their doings mischievous; he neither wished nor called for a run on the savings bank, but he un covered some ugly sores that certain parties wished to conceal from the public eye. He told some other unpalatable truths to the great land, and cattle, and contract jobbers; but, above all, and in order, if possible, to save [the colony from the quacking of those political charlatans, to save them from them. selveg in fact, and neutralize the evil impression the meeting itself was calculated to produce, he pro claimed to the world that the great body of the people of New South Wales have full employment, and enjoy plenty of food, raiment, and comfort. He did'not rejoice (though well he might) that a parcel of land cormorants, jobbers, schemers, and adventurers, who with insatiable rapacity sought to monopolize every good thing within the colony to the exclusion of the industrious many, have fallen into the pit they dug for others; He knows (as all the world knows) that these said persons sought to accomplish this through the reckless profusion with which the banks supplied them the means sjf pe culation, they (the banks) vying with each other' as to who did " most business," till they gradually so deluged the country with their rag money, in ex change for colonial kites, that it became depreciated from its very abundance, and the facility of its ac quisition; prices of course inevitably roso, so that whoever bought any species of property whatever, could sell it again the next week for more money, i. e., a larger amount in rags or hirtes, according to the terms of sale. Thus things went on till prices doubled, tripled, quadrupled of land, horses, cows, sheep; in short f everything, beyond any rational standard of value. Men grew astonished at the prosperity of the colony, and were amazed at the wealth that flowed in upon them, they knew not why, nor from whence, but which they fondly believed was never to end, but go on increasing annually s they forgot entirely their origin, and launched into the moat profuse ex. travagance ; got servants in livery, carriages, costly furniture, lived high, drank champagne; nod I, my. self, have heard ignorant vulgar bumpkins talking familiarly as connoisseurs in wines, and murdering such outlandish names as hockheimer, chambertin, chateau margaux, lafitte, sauterne, &c.; &c.; In short, no South Sea visions were ever more brilliant than our colonial ones weore in 1838, 1839, and 1840\. The news went home, and immediately flights of Jews, lawyers, attornies, and schemers of every grade and line, bent their way hither to par. take of the golden fruits produced in this Pais de Cocagne-this modern El Dorado. Even our sage rulers got stung by the mstrum (as Hudibras says); and that they too might partake of the golden shower, raised the price of land to twelve shillings per acre, and shortly after to twenty : and why should they nott Did they not see, at the upset price of five shillings, one pound, two, three, five pounds per acre.paid by the kite gentlemen? Nay, I have heard of fourteen pounds per acre paid for a farm partially cleared. Who then can blame the government P I do not : I blame only the authors of the mischief. But I shall be truly astonished at a' man so sagacious as our Governor, if Ire does not open the eyes of Lord Stanley to the infatuation of expecting men to pay for land about six times its worth s publishing land sales at a pound per acre as a minimum price reminds one of Owen Glendower's boastc Glendower.-I ca tll spirits from thu voaty deepl taorspur,--Ilt wilt they come whren you do coll for hem ? I fear buyers who can pay in sovereigns (or even notes) will be as'deaf to the invocations of Sir George 'Gipps, at a pound an acre, as the spirits were to those of the Cambrian magician. SBut, to return : no cloud lowered over the sun shine of the colony for a good wlhile-you dared not say in any company that it was not the finest, the lhappiest, the most flourishIbng countryin the world. When thie dearth of 1840 came on, flour got up; some thousand pounds, in specie, was eaported to Valparaiso for wheat, and to England for immi grants; the bankers took fright, narrowed their disa. counts; kites fled away; rag money began to disappear; rsmale went thire rotten fabricbuilt upon such a foundation, and our ideal wealth and impe. rishable prosperity vanished " like the baseless fabric of a vision, leaving scarcely a wreck behind." These are undoubted and incostrovertible facts, which none of the upper classes (including, of course, their trumpeter of the Australian) dares deny ; and because Mlr. Mlacdermott has the honesty and the manlinessto tell tie authors of all this mischief, to theicr beards, that, by'their over-kiting, and over banking, and over-buying, and over.mortgaging, and over-jobbing, and over-speculating, they have brought themselves into jeopardy, and many (alasI too many), plain men (unversed in thie above mysteries) to utter ruin, and the colony itlself into a state of depression ; because he told them that,thougls " Even.handbodlJustice Ilturn the tiinredlients of their poisoned oballto To their own lsm," and that they are suffering the penalty of their own exorbitant cupidity, rapacity, and extravagance, that yet the colon is not tohollJy gone to theL dogs; nor are the great body of the peopl Ie wl?anut of ary necescary; nor ia there any cause of despair. FIor the assertion oh these simple truisms, and because he sired no sympathetic tear for that the great woulocrats can get neither convicts nor Coolies to tend their flocks, nor two shillings and sixpence a pound for their fleeces at Garraway's, nor can much longer drink champagne anod burgundy, they assail him with the most violent invective ; and his reverence, instead of pouripg out orlsons to heaven (as his vocation would seem to demand) rather descends to the lowest regions for language of vituperation. si flectere Inquio superos, Aeheronta movero. Hle designates Mr. Macdermott, in the Australian, as " a leveller ;" a " firebrand agitator;" a hater of the sheep and cattle holders of the colony ;" " would glory in the fall of the great producers of our staple commodity ;" " his conduct is diabolical," &c.;, &c.; He did not ask if any of them, or their fathers, had got their thousands of acres by having been panders, or parisites, or sycophants, of any former governors, or for political prostitution at home? He did not enquire if any of them had got grants of crown lands for any services done under the auspices of Baron Ompteda ? Men who deal in fiction require memories par. ticularly good. The Reverend Australian says, in his comments on the meeting, that " Mr. Macder mott looks on the sheep and cattle holders of the colony with hatred and bitterness." This is a grave charge, and seems an extraordinary one also, as it so happens that Mr. Macdermott has long been, and snow is, an extensive " sheep and cattle holder." Now, by what species of dialectic his reverence has arrived at the conclusion that Henry Macdermott, the firebrand agitator, hates Henry Macdermott, the sheep and cattle owner, I confess I cannot divine; the process of ratiocination must be extremely curious. I wish his reverence had favoured the world with his syllogism for the enlightenment of the lower classes tthe learned political pundit must assuredly have some means of arriving at truth too profound for common mortals, to be able to prove such an astounding assertion. But, indeed, he does require a perspicacity more than common to accomplish the duty helhas udder taken; i. e., to discover, to display, to emblazon to the world the public and private virtues-the mode. ration, the wisdom and supreme perfections of the upper classes of this colony: and he has to guard with the utmost sedulity against the ignobile vngus -the lower classes from pretending to be of any value to the state, or to have any political rights at all; and to shew that all they have to do with law is to obey it, and with taoes to pay them : and as it seems that Macdermott presumes to differ a little with this sapient and reverend editor as to the comparative merits of the two classes, into which they have thought proper to divide the people, his reverence must, coase qui coate, put him down, as the great enemy of the upper classes. leacdernmott seems (like the Irish drummer flog. giog the soldier) not to please certain gentlemen strike where he will, whether high or low or middleo they don't seem to like either himself or his cat-o. nine-tails, which lie sometimes applies to their backs r and I rather fancy there is not much love lost: he seems in turn to hate their affected dignity; their morgue aristocratigue, their disdain of the lower classes: he dislikes the ascendancy of a faction of upstarts: he loves not class legislation t he does not admire public tergiversation, and lie tells some po litical charlatans unwelcome truths, this is the head and front of his offending; for this the dogs of war are let loose upon him (the loud tongued Thersites at the head of the pack), in the hope of running him to take the earth. I have some doubts, however, if they will be able; he seems a stout fox, and snaps hard. O'Connell is said to be the best-abused man in the empire, and- Thersites seems determined that Mlacdermott shall be also the best-abused man in the colony; with this further point of similitude, that as the enemies of O'Connell are to a man the enemies of the Irish people, so it would seem that the men who traduce Macdermott most violently are chiefly composed of those whose doings have brought the colony to its present anomalous state, and may therefore be called its enemies, Yet because he would stop them from floundering still more, they abuse hun for his pains as an enemy. ..lad only a few active men like Mocdermott had seats in the council those years past instead of the imbeciles who had, I ask is it likely that the rag system would have been allowed to madden the colonists with the wild spirit of speculation, and jobbing, and hopes of sudden wealth to be got with out labour l Would he not be apt to interpose some control-some wholesome surveillance over their mysteries? Is it likely that a few companies of pawnbrokers (for that is their only legitimate trade, as in Holland) would be allowed to make and utter as they list, worthless rags, without limit or measure, or sense of morality, and call it money ? (thus cheating all creditors) or again at their caprice withdrawing it without feeling or mercy, reckless of the ruin they thus brought upon all debtors and owners of property? No: I do not think a few clear.beaded, long.seeing fellows like Macdermott would have allowed these Mammonarohs to play the " fantastic tricks" they did, in putting forth their worthless rags as sterling coin ; nor, consequently, would there have been any necessity for a meeting of terrified sages at the Royal Hotel to discover how to do what is impossible, viz., to pay debts contracted in depreciated paper in sterling cash, or its equiva. lent-the very idea is ridiculous. One thing I think Mlacdermott would do were he in council, which is, to oblige bankers to pay their notes in sovereigns, If this be not done, when the present panic is forgotten (as forgotten it will be), the same scenes will be reacted that we have just seen: first there will be a reaction; then better times ; next, a gradual rise in prices of stock, rents, &r.; ; till we come lastly to great prosperity; which will produce facility of discounting; new projects for making fortunes without number; vast specula. tions to meet the rise in prices that are to go on for ever; last of all, to finish the climex--a casan comes, perhaps even greater and more fatal titan what has just happened. Why do I say that this will happen I Why do I suppose moen are not yet taught wisdom 1 I say, read history I Are Australians wiser than English. men? And what is English commercial history but a perpetual interchange of prosperity and panic prosperity and prostration I Banks are one of the great improvements suggested by time and the necessities of human society. They are instruments of the greatest good if properly re gulated, but of the most enormous evils if abused; of which I need not adduce further examples thitan those arising from the bank restriction act of 1797; the panic in Ireland in 1820; in England in 1825; and in this colony in 1841.2.3. The banks won't like my doctrine. They will say, perhaps-" It's all stutf; the colony is not prepared wtllth sovereilgns to pay in gold :. tlter is no danger; the banks are able to pay ir SPECIB, and what more do people scoant ? The bankers who will say this know full well that, while silver is a legal tender, tihe salutary fear of a rut upon them Is out of the ques tion a they know full well that (except in an im' mineot case of invasion, or something tantamount) no man wishing to lhave cash for even £100 will go with his scales to weigh silver and copper, with his bag to hold it, and his porter to carry it liomp, to be paid In half-crownr, and shillings, and dollars (Spanish, Mexican, Chllian, American) rupees, Iflorins, rix- dollars, five franc pieces, cents, halfpence, farthings. How could he keep them at home? how earrythem ? how remit them ? Allthis thie bankers 'known; and I know quits as well that, as long as they can draw an income, or rental, in the shape of interest on ten bits of paper engraved in London, with the words ten pounds on each (which bits of paper cost them about half a farthing each), so long, 1 say, as for an outlay of ten half fartlings they can extract from the public an income of ten pounds sterling a year, so long will the same public be in the most imminent risk of their encreasing this source of their profits to an exorbitant and dangerous amount ' Is that a state of things that ought to continue 1 If- I lose my money (as I have done) through the cupidity of bankers, might I not as well have lost it through tihe cupidity of hbushrangsrs ? I see no difference. I say, therefore, that inasmuch as it is the bounden duty of every government to provide that one portion of its subjects shall not injure or prey upon anothes, so is our government as strictly obliged to guard her Majesty's subjects of this colony against the ma. nceuvres of bankers as those of brigands, and that even more sedulously, because the former are more artful, more insidious, and the .danger infinitely greater; for the loss of property by the acts of bushrangers, from the foundation of the colony, was as nought compared to what has been occasioned by those of bankers within the last tao an'd a half years. I know of no public safeguard but one s oblige them to pay their notes with sovereigns from some fixed future day ; and let public officers inspect their accounts, also their coffers, and see that they havre the soveseigns, at least in sufficient n umber according to the amount of their issues. I fear, Mr. Fditor, I have been too prolix; but as I do not mean to trouble you often, though the sub. ject is most disagreeable and painful, yet I thought it dignts vindice, and I have therefore expressed my ideas freely. We have all suffered, and therefore all have a right to complain.-I am yours respect. fully, VINDEX. 