POPULAR PORTRAITS.—NO. VIII. SIR JAMES GRAHAM. Here is her Majesty's Secret for the Home Department—-an announcement that in former times would, as regards Sir James Gra-<*> ham, have made some men " • . . • g(arei And wuiiiler how the devil he got there." Now, however, it. wakes not even as much "mild surprise" us Aurora Kahy bestowed on the ghost story in Don Juan. Ihe fact is, that with the progress of events great changes of opinion be come visible in the moon of politics, and even the mosf consistent philosophers do not always find it convenient to live in the s;«ii,e quarter. We do not, therefore, " speak it a.i a reproach" that Sir James tjrahum should have been at the admi ralty under the Whigs, and in Downing-.street under the Tories, but rather prefer to so* him meddling with ;l secretaryship than with any of the ships of our beautiful navy. We believe he was born a farmer—at least the title of Knglish farmer is one of which he used lo be proud—but that docs not qualify a man to superintend the ploughing of the main. Tiiat is quite a different style of agriculture. Now, although Sir James Graham is, for many reasons, not the man of whom we can ail'ord to write in terms of profoumlest reverence, yet he is much more entitled to considerable respect than many ] eoplc we wot of who have been abused in print" to lh<: length of the (ether of a column ;" and moreover, he has just now won something like a spark of ailed ion from us for imposing upon the Dover magistrates the pleasant task of reading to their elaborate Cropper of a gaoler the marked dissatisfaction of the Home Secretary at the course which the said magistrates thought him so abundantly justiHed in pursuing. The gaoler probably only grinned away the punishment of his ruflianuin when hearing this new version of (he ditty <>f " Croppies Jio down j" but the magistrates must have looked very like people in a pillory while they were singing it. Meanwhile it is clear that Sir James Graham must have perused our enjoin ments to the Home Secretary in this affair; and no minisli-r who reads the lUustrated !*ews can be thoroughly contemptible, let him be as sisting to govern ibr what party he may. We arc, therefore, going to btandto the " In media tutis stmm ibis" pnncipl.:, and take a middle course. It is quite (rue that Sir James Graham began his career as a politician in what we call " strong terms." He was in love with the last French revolution, and his notions of reform travelled in seven-leagued boots. He was of a goad family too, had personal station and rpsppciabili'y (o back him, with a great deal of (alent to throw into the scale. Me was a good farmer and not a bad orator ; a baronet, a member of Parliament, a debater, and Fhomme distingub of the semi radical party. The m arant people placed much hope in him, and put him into the trio with Lord Stanley and the Karl of Durham. Office, however, is a great abater of political violence; and although we believe,save in so far as ambition is concerned, it would have as little in fluence over (he opinions of Sir James Graham as over those of any other well-educated and inde pendent gentleman, yet there is no harm in men tioning thai, from the moment he took (lie Whig direction of the Admiralty, he did not, politically speaking, clap on so much sail. His tone grew gradually moderate; and it was we think, very proper that it should. We forget who it was thai, speaking of tin; infirmities of human nature in re gavd to oflicc, went so far as to declare even of the Radicals that their patronage of the Chnring crois tailor was entirely attributable to " their re gards for Place." In this capacity Sir James has, with the excep tion t;f two or three faux pan in minor points of domestic legislation. Mich as being too merciful to blundering magistrates, and on one oectiskm too favourable to a " criminal of condition," acquitted himself to the satisfaction of (he community, and maintained the dignity of his position in the eyes of society, iiut there is one dreadful drawback ngainrit any excellence that may attach to his ge neral character as a Home .Secretary, and that lies in his obstinate adherence to the cruel princi ples of the Poor Law Hill—a measure which the election speeches of the Conservative members almost promised us to sweep away, but which the Conservative Ministers still retain in all the glaring enormity of its injustice aud oppicssion. There never can he any lasting popularity al- Inching to the memory of a " New Poor Law Home Secretary." Hut as Sir James Graham grew more moderate he grew also morn firm in his purpose of modera tion. He began by withdrawing himself into the snail- shell of Whiggism ; and when the Whigs wanted to luury themselves, and were ready to yield to any " dement of popularity," they could not draw him nut of it again. He would not travel with thorn on their radical railnad. He left ollice, or oHice lrft him, or both, and one fine afternoon, when some dose was proposed that seemed too strong for him, he and Lord Stanley 6talked, finssibvs rqnis, bang over to the benches of the opposition. It is only due to say for Sir Jnmcs Graham, that upon those benches be several times distin guished himself greatly in debate. He made several remarkable speeches, and there was much force and eloquence in what he said upon many questions of imjKulaut policy. He also delivered a splendid oration in Cumberland, giving a gene ral show up «,f his former colleagues and :heir march on the road to ruin, and in this he fairly committed himself emphatically to Conservative principles. In Conservative principles he has since remained, and when the Peel phalanx marched into office, and formed square in Oown injj-strcet, thprolie was,and there he is, Jr'ccreiarv of State for (he Home Department, 