THE TIPPERARY PIPER, and the FATAL JDOVE PHILTRE. At the Leinster Circuit, held at Nenagh in March last, before Baron Lefroy, John Hickey, a lame piper, was indicted for administering some poison in a bottle to Biddy Ryan, of Drumbane. The piper was a wretched specimen ot mortality ; and looked a most wo-beeone picture in the dock. It is the general belief that he was enamoured of the deceased, and that when his music, and all his own ' sort talk' was unavailing, he had recourse to a philtre, which proved fatal. Tiiere was no evidence on the trial to prove where he procured the deadly poison, beyond his admission that he found it stuck in the thatch of the house. The girl died in nine days afterwards in most excru ciating pain ; and her body exhibited a most frightful spectacle, all livid and ulcerated. The piper states as his reason for giving it to her, that he thought it was whiskey ; he did not partake of it himself, being a teetotaller. John Walsh sworn.— I live in the parish of Drumbane. I knew Biddy Ryan, she was a first cousin of mine, but she is now dead. I remember her haying got a drink from John Hickey, the lame piper. It was about twelve o'clock in the day. When he came in he sat down by the fire and played a Btart of the music ; he walked out then, and asked me if I was a teetotaller ; I said I was. He saH he got a bottle of spirits in the thatch. He then laid his hand on her shoulder, and looked roguishly at her, and whispered her something, and she followed into the barn ; when they were out about ten minutes, I followed them to see what they were about, when I found the girl rowling about and purging up and down ; I asked her what ailed her ; she said to the piper, ' go out of the house you devil you, you bothered me ;' the piper said that he only gave her a sup of strong whiskey ; that it always came strong out of. a bottle, and that it would do her all the service in the world ; the prisoner showed us where he got the bottle in the thatch ; she died in nine days after ; she got a pill which stopped the vomiting for a time ; tie bottle is in the court; the prisoner used to be always bothering the deceased with his tunes and songs about If you lores me at I lores you, No knife shall cut our love in two ; and other such (juare ramashes. The prisoner. — I am a teetotaller myself. I did not know what was in it but by the smell. If I thought it would harm but one hair of her purty head, God be good to her I I'd hang myself and my bagpipes first out of the highest tree in Drum bane. ?- To Court. — The piper -used often stop in the house before. Begorl can't say if he ever drank in it before. At any rate he was a devil of a fellow, and used to talk of queer outlandish people in former times, the same as if he was drunk, or in the fairies. To a Juror. — I can't tell if he was courting her or not. If he was to be believed himself he was courting half the girls of the country, ladies and all. Pat Ryan, examined by Mr. Prendergast. — I remember the night my sister took sick. I asked him why did he give it to my sister? he said, '? If I thought it was bad, would I give to her.' My sister said she thought it was whiskey, and that she was cold. He said it was whiskey, and gave it to her. She was very ill at the time. She had a sneaking regard for Hickey, hut she loved his music better than himself. I heard him say once that one Paddy Orpheus, a piper, used to charm the very stones about, and he knew music twice better than him, that lie could not charm her heart which must be a lump of cold stone. Anne Ryan was in the house that Hickey the Piper took her lister out to the barn ; she saw her ten minutes afterwards; she was rowling in the barn, and had a turning up and down ; she was never well again after that ; she died at the end of nine days ; the piper was passing over to another house when witness found her sister in that condition ; her eiBter told her to go into the house, and get some body to do something for her ; that sbe was done for ; while she was sick the piper used to be hang ing about the house like a ghost that would be putting its purgatory apast it. To Court.— They went to Dr. Cormack and to a doctor in Thurles ; they did not carry her to them, but her brother Thady Ryan went ; no doctor saw her until after she was dead, then Doctor Pinchin, of Borrisoleigh, saw her ; the piper ran away then. Dr. George Pinchin sworn. — I examined tne body of the deceased Bridget Ryan. The stomach was in complete disorganization. She was ulce rated, even to the very toes. I did not analyse what she got ; I think it must be some poisonous material. To Court. — The symptoms could not be produced by strong whiskey. My opinion is, that she came by her death in consequence of some strong dose of mercurial poison. There was an inquest held, and it was upon that occasion that I examined the body. Thady Ryan proved that there was an inqueBt held on his sister's body, and that Dr. Pinchin examined her body. To Court. — That was the body upon which the inquest was holden. Dr. Pinchin (to Mr. Bourchier). — Corrosive sublimate is a very common remedy with country . people for sore legs. I understand the piper had iore legs j he is lame. His Lordship, in delivering his charge, said that if they believed that he gave her the dose of which the died, he would be guilty of manslaughter. It was for them to consider whether the dose he gave her was that which occasioned her death. If they believed that it was he did it, he must have done a most incautious, thing, and was guilty of simple homicide. He is not indicted for murder. Verdict guilty. Sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. ' Anotheb Sign oi- the Times. — Speaking with an acquaintance, a pawnbroker, on the long continued and deep distress which prevails throughout this district, he invited us to an inspec tion of his returns of pledges taken by him, and we found, that in the years 1833 and 1831 he was days without taking in one pledge ; while in the years 1841 and 1842 the number averaged for every day in those years 125 per day, or 3,750 for each month.— Bolton Free Press. A Political Syllogism.— The Morning Post designates all who hold the maxim, ' To buy in the .cheapest market, and sell in the dearest, is the best rule' for the trade of a whole nation,' that they are '.' political knaves.' But Sir Robert Peel has expressly admitted the soundness of this rule. Ergo : Sir Robert Peel, in the judgment of the Post, is ' a political knave I' . Peomibsoey Notes in Circulation. — The amount of promissory notes in circulation, during the four weeks preceding the 10th Dec , 1843, was —by the Bant of England, 18,841,000; private banks, 6,085,886; joint stock banks, 3,001,690. Chartered, private, and joint stock banks of Scot land, 6,091,228. Bank of Ireland, 8,138,525 : private and joint-stock banks of Ireland, 2,104,855. Total— 35,263,088. The amount of the bullion at present in the Bank of England is 10,511,000. Worth Knowing.— Farmers and Store keepers are informed that mice have such an aversion to the common spearmint, that they will not approach a crib or granary in which a few sprigs of this herb are strewed. A Good Housewife. — The woman who re-, gularly reads die newspaper will be so much the' more suitable a companion for a well-informed husband, and exert far more influence in the family than she otherwise could. Moral. — Every married man should take a newspaper. Ajtoestobs. — There was much sound truth in the speech of a country lad to an idler, . who boasted his descent from an ancient family. 'So much the worse for you,' said the peasant ; as we ploughman say, the older the seed the worse the crop.' As Dead as a Herring.— The herring is a delicate fish, which is killed by a very small de gree of violence. Whenever it is taken out of water, even though it seems to have received no hurt, it gives a squeak and instantly expires ; and though it be thrown instantly back into the water, it never recovers; hence arose the proverb — as dead as a herring. Mesmerism. — ' Am you willin' if I mesmerise you Sambo? Sartin I is, Cuffy.' Here follow the passes, quite a la Mesmer, and the '' commu nity of sensation' is soon established. ' Is you gone to sleep, Sambo V 'Yes, Cuffy, fast asleep.' ?'Well, den. what hab I got in my moufft' tasting a bit of sugar. ' How do I know, Cuffy, I'm fast asleep.' — American paper. Increase add Multiflv. — The wife of a person, named Bailey, an overlooker at Providence Mill, Baildon, has been delivered of her 24th live child, all single births. — A Practical Jest. — A man named Moore, who deals in young trees, shrubs, seedlings, and other juvenile vegetables neBr Carlow, was knocked up lately, at an unseasonable hour, by a person travelling on a jaunting car, who demanded if he did not keep a nursery t ' Yes,' said he. ' Well, then, here is something in your line.' Before he could open the door, his customer had gone off at a slinging trot, and left a nice little child at the threshold. It, of course, has been set among the olive plants. — Ayletbury News. A Healthy Bestosative. — The other day at Canterbury market, the following colloquy was overheard between two Tory farmers : — A. Hard times neighbour ; what will become of us farmers ? I thought when the Tories got into power, all would be right. B. Oh, never fear ; Sir Robert Peel will soon put you all upon your legs again. A. Ah, will he so ? I am glad to hear you say that. But how T B. Why, he will compel yon to sell all your hunters and pleasure nags, aud make you walk. — Kent Herald. A Poetical cobbler. — Id the village of Hockfordj Rock river, Illinois, there lives a son of St. Crispin, an emigrant from the Isle of Man, who has painted on his sign-board the following beautiful lines — not in D'Israeli : ' Blow, O blow, ye heavenly breezes. All among the leaves and treeses 1 Sing, O ling, ye heat enly muses While I mends your boots and shoeses' The author, is evidently, indebted for this briltian* to the couplet of an unknown genius of the same craft, who thus addressed liis lady love : — ' Madame, myielf and all the muses, Begs your acceptance of a pair of sboeses !' 