ENGLISH NEWS. Mr Edward Dobson appeared before the Commis- sioners of the Court of Requests. Westminster, to answer the summons of Mr Henry Augustus Wells, who stated himself to be an author. The plaintiff stated his claim to be for £1 10s., the value of the first three chapters of three original romances which the defendant had engaged him to write for a certain penny periodical about to be published, entitled the " Penny Library of Original Romance," a work of cheap literature for the lower orders. The romances thus to be written were " Mat Mizen, a tale of the Sea ;" " Alice Low, or the Lady and the Lord l" and " Betsy Bell, the Poor-law Victim." portions of which amounting altogether to ninety closely-written pages, had been written for and delivered to the defendant, accor- ding to his order. Commissioner (to the defendant) : " Do you admit this, Sir ?" Defendant : I admit the delivery of the quantity, but I object to the quality, as not being what I ordered. The writing is too tame to suit the penny readers. In " Mat Mizen" I wanted a ghost in the first chapter, and a storm at sea ; then, in ' Alice Lowe,' I ordered a startling scene of seduction ; and in ' Betsy Bell,' I ordered a scene of misery at a lodging-house in St. Giles's, none of which the plaintiff has given." Plaintiff : " It is impossible to throw all the incidents you want into a first chapter. You have got a robbery, two murders, and a sea-fight, and I think, if you will hand my manuscript up to the Comm ssioners, and let it be read"—— Commissioner : " What ? the whole ninety pages ? No ; we are not so fond of romance here. You had better settle this matter between you, for we do not profess to be versed in the mysteries of literature." Plaintiff. " If the defendant will give me a sovereign for the ninety pages, I'll be content, and I'll bring the ghost, and the storm at sea, and the seduction, into the three next chapters." To this proposal the defendant agreed, and having paid the money into court, the parties adjourned amicably to a neighbouring public house. to discuss over a pipe and pot the present state of literature among the lower orders. In November last, a man at Louth, in Lincolnshire, sold his wife to another man in the open market place for 5s, receiving 6d back for luck. Placing a white ribbon about the woman, he finished the business by saying, " There, now, thou wilt either lead or drive." When will these disgraceful scenes, which violate the laws of God and man, be put an end to ? In December last, a Miss Manners, residing in the immediate vicinity of Sidcup, Kent, a young lady about 23 years of age, of great beauty, and possessing a fortune of £5000, eloped with a police constable of the R division. It appears that in the month of July last a grand fete champetre was held on the grounds of Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson, Bart., at Charlton, Kent, at which the fair bride, in company with her brother and some friends, were present, and on which occasion the policeman formed one of the body on duty. The lady, after several glances, took his number, and on her return home lost no time in dispatching a billet-doux to him at the station-house at Woolwich, in which she offered him her hand and heart. From that time a secret correspondence was carried on between them, which ended in their clandestine marriage. Domestic differences have arisen between Lord and Lady Lincoln, which have led to their separation. The noble Lord is the eldest son to the Duke of Newcastle, and, in addition to such high station, is a Privy Councillor, a member of Parliament, the first Commissioner of Woods and Forests, &c; ; and her Ladyship is the only daughter of the Duke of Hamilton. The separation originated in a surmise on the part of Lord Lincoln who is a man of stayed and steady habits, that her Ladyship was partial to what is called roue society. By the advice of her parents, the Duke and Duchess of Hamilton. Lady Lincoln left her home, and went to that of a married relation ; the consequence of which has been that his Lordship refuses to receive her back. The Sheriff of Middlesex has outlawed Count D'Orsay, the leader of the fashions ; George Pitt Rose ; the Hon. Francis Needham ; Thomas Doyle, Esq. ; Sir Jonh Leighten ; Sir Henry Wyatt ; Hon. Robert Greville ; and Captain Thelluson. Some of these outlaws used to give splendid soirees on the Sunday evenings in London. The Rev. Dr. Dillon has absconded from his wife, taking with him their only daughter, between three and four years of age ; and a writ of habeas corpus was applied for in the Bail Court, and granted by Mr Justice Patteson, commanding the Doctor to deliver up the body of the child to the applicant Mrs Dillon. Since that period every endeavour has been made to trace out the hiding-place of Dr. Dillon, without success. A subscription has been set on foot by some individual, in the hope of realizing a sum sufficient to enable Mrs Dillon to adopt the means of recovering her child and remove herself from the very jaws of poverty. At the police-court, Liverpool, a summons was granted, on the application of a lady dressed in black, against a wine and spirit merchant residing in Great Charlotte-street, who, she alleged, had horsewhipped her. A servant girl of Mr Dodd, of Oscroft, Cheshire, who left her place on the plea of being " unwell,'' was, shortly after- wards delivered of three fine boys, all of whom, together with the mother, are doing well. A butcher at Redead lately married a Miss Daniels, after a courtship of thirty-nine years ; and a draper at Swansea was united to a milliner of the same town after they had been billing and cooing for nearly twenty years. As their courtships were not hasty their marriages are not likely to prove indiscreet and unhappy. There is in the town of Barnsley a very careful and industrious woman named Wood. She has been so careful, that although she seldom lets a day pass without using her needles, yet she is using part of the last pennyworth she bought 20 years ago. She has not bought a single halfpenny-worth of pins during the last 40 years, nor has she had any given to her. A few days ago she gave her husband a severe reprimand for losing a packing-needle, which she said she had bought " nobbut four years sin." A most extravagant and disgusting exhibition has taken place at Gedney, in Lincolnshire. A widow, having four children, named Farrow, was married to a man called David Wilkson ; and the woman having been told if she was married covered by nothing but a sheet her husband would not be answerable for her debts, actually had the hardihood to go to church with nothing on but a sheet, sewed up like a sack, with holes in the sides for her arms ; and in this way she was married. After the decease of Mrs Lowe, wife of Mr Lowe, of Sheerness, her husband found secreted in various drawers, upwards of £600, of which he was altogether ignorant ; in one place he found £36 in gold, in another fifteen £5 notes, and in a third place a hoard of various kinds of money, making, as we have before said, upwards of £600. Mr Lowe's occupation was formerly that of a warden in the dock-yard, a rather humble station, but he has for several years past been superanuated on a very small income. The deceased was a woman of very frugal habits, and must have commenced saving money many years ago. In our obituary this week, says the Manchester Guardian, we have to report the death of Mr John Yates, the clerk of Hale Church for the extended period of 46 years. We understand that his predecessor, Samuel Bushell, officiated for the still longer space of 49 years. The village of Hale has, indeed, long been proverbial for its salubrity and the longevity of its inhabitants. The late Mr John Blackburne, of Hale-hall, was representative in Parliament for the county for the unusual period of 46 years. A late incumbent. Mr Airey, officiated for 31 years, and the present one is in the 31st year of his ministry. The late schoolmaster. Henry Layland, filled his situation 40 years. Last Christmas we had to notice the death of " Old Nanney Lackey," aged 94 ; and, between the years 1830 and 1834, there were living at Hale, Thomas Turton, agent to Mr John Blackburne, aged 93 ; Sarah Hawksey, 94 ; Ellen Bayley, 99 ; and Esther Halsall, 104. There is now in St George's Hospital a poor musician (Louis Pouché), aged 109 years, who recently underwent the most dangerous and painful operation for hernia. The portrait of this centenarian was in the last exhibition at the National Gallery. Died recenly at Selby, Mr John Tomlinson, innkeeper, of the Ship Inn, Selby, in the 82nd year of his age. More than fifty years ago he was ferryman at (what to the present genera- tion may probably sound strange) the Selby ferry over the river Ouse ; and ever since the opening of Selby bridge, forty-nine years ago, to the time of his death, he held the situation of bridge surveyor. For forty years he was a ringer at the parish church, Selby, and was much esteemed by all classes. His re- mains were followed to their last resting place by a large assem- blage of friends, " men of this generation," anxious to testify, thus publicly, their respect for his memory. An eccentric old man died at Duffield in Yorkshire, on the 3d of November last. He was born in an old thatched house near the Cranwell Springs, in Driffield, on the 3d Dec., 1751, and could perhaps say more than most people of equal age, with respect to certain circumstances of his life. He never missed attending church but once in forty years. He never slept a week away from his native town during the whole of his prolonged life. He was never intoxicated but on one occasion ; and never tasted spirituous liquors but once ; nor ever ate any vegetables except potatoes. When asked his reason, he would say such things were never eaten in former times, and that vegetables were only suitable for swine. Butchers' meat he had not tasted for a great number of years previous to his death ; and for thirty years he had principally subsisted on his favourite meal of " steepy," as he termed it, being a mixture of moistened bread, water, and treacle, which Robert preferred to the most epicurean dish, and which he never changed, even when he used to go to York to vote for the election of knights of the shire. At these times, his original manners and meals used to cause great amusement at table. Robert might be termed a true conservative in his humble way. He detested innovations in domestic affairs. He affected to be greatly offended if proffered the shelter of an umbrella ; and if his old dame offered to lead him by the arm to church, he would gruffly say, he did not want leading, he was not blind yet. He was fond of recounting the changes he had witnessed in the progress of Driffield, and the changes he had seen in his days. He would often tell of the time when there were but eleven tiled houses in the town, and when there was but one lady that went to church in a silk gown. The roads were so bad in the immediate neighbourhood in his younger days, that they were bedded with thorns and furze to render them anything like passable. His clothing had been for the most of his life home-spun, and he never had but two cloth coats in his life. He was very abstemious, and his only medicine was a hearty drink from a beautiful clear water in Driffield, called Cranwell Springs—which, like Morrison's pills, he advised us a cure for all disorders. He recollected the time when the first Methodist preacher came to Driffield, and remained at the house of one John Sneeston, in Ratton-row. The preacher stood up on a stone to preach in the back street, but the populace were then so infuriated against John Wesley and his followers, that, to use Robert's phrase, they soon had this disciple of Wesley under their feet. He was married when 30 years of age, and lived in the married state mote than 60 years ; his aged widow is still living, and is as great an original as himself. The intellectual faculties of this old man were re- markably strong and clear to the last ; his memory was sur- prising, and he could tell, with great accuracy, every change of ownership of all the lands in the lordship of Priffield since he was a boy ; he consequently often proved highly serviceable to professional gentlemen, in identifying property—which, through lapse of years and the absence of legal documents, had become difficult to trace. He was always cheerful, and so affable, that people much younger than himself, would speak to him in a very familiar manner. He has left behind him a progeny of above one hundred children, grandchildren, and great-grand- children. During his latter days he had become much attached to the company of saddlers, and it was his particular request, that he should be borne to the grave by eight of these worthies ; but, for some reason, Robert's last wish was not complied with. Death has deprived the Rev. Dr. Harris, President of Cheshnut College, and author of the well-known Prize Essay on " Mammon" of his amiable and beloved wife. Her decease followed confinement of a daughter. In the county of Westmeath, Ireland, a Mr W. Swift was borne to his long home, by his six sons, all of them able, handsome young men, upwards of six feet in height, and all comfortable and respectable farmers—a fact rarely equalled. A pauper, named Ann Hoy, died recently in the Gravesend and Milton Union- house, aged 104. Her death was unaccompanied with any previous symptoms of approach- ing dissolution. She had never experienced illness, and enjoyed the use of her faculties unimpaired to the last. She was cheerful in spirits and active in body, employing herself to the day previous to her death in the common domestic duties of the house. There are several residents in this union of very advanced age—four or five between 90 and 100 ; one, in particular, a female named Brewster, aged 98, who possesses all her faculties in an extraordinary degree, and is full of bustle and activity. Her favourite occupation is needlework, which she executes with admirable neatness without the aid of glasses. A poor man in the neighbourhood of Doncaster being unable to pay the Clergyman the burial fees for the interment of his child, applied to him after the service to give him credit till the Saturday evening following, to which the Vicar readily assented. When the appointed day arrived the poor fellow was as good as his word, and went and paid his fees. The Vicar commended him for punctuality and honesty, but questioned him as to why he did not see him at church on a Sunday. The man replied, " Because I have not a coat and waistcoat fit to come in." The worthy and reverend gentleman made no more to do, but instantly pulled off his own coat and waistcoat and gave them to the man, who now makes his appearance with the rest of his neighbours in the parish church of Batley. Such instances of clerical and Christian charity are worthy of more general imitation, and will be held in everlasting remem- brance. Mr Everard, saddler of London, by the death of an uncle, has had the good fortune to inherit £10,000. An elder brother, also a saddler, and formerly of Lincoln, has inherited £30 000 from the same source. In 1811 George Wilson, of Biddick, in the County of Durham, emigrated to North America, having previously bor- rowed 20s from Thomas Robson, a neighbour, to assist him in effecting that object, under a promise to remember him if ever he had it in his power. Robson was then a banksman ; but he has lately been employed pumping water in Cassop pit. In January last he received a letter from the executors of Wilson, apprising him that he had recently died at Philadelphia, United States, and bequeathed him money and property to the value of about £7000 ! The party who has reaped this ample return for his generosity is now about seventy years of ago ;—but—lucky woman !—he recently married a female not more than forty. A gentleman in the neighbourhood of Salterthwaite, near Garstang, being tormented with rats, hit upon the following novel plan for getting rid of these destructive vermin, which, uninvited, daily visited his pigstye and robbed the grunters of their food. He took a fishingrod, with line and hook attached, and having baited it with a piece of bread, he stood at a little distance from the pigstye and threw in the line. In about ten minutes, he succeeded in catching no fewer than six rats. Whilst a lad tending sheep on Hordle cliffs was sauntering along the shore between Beacon Bunny and Christ- church, he stumbled upon a cormorant lying dead upon the beach which, upon examination, had been choked in the act of gorging a flounder, as a fish of the latter description, about half-a-pound in weight, was found to be tightly infixed in the œsophagus of the bird, which it would seem the latter had not the power either to swallow or disgorge. Verily, the biter was bitten. A very remarkable bird is in the possession of Mr Gar- side, a retired medical gentleman, formerly of Manchester, but now residing at Starcross, who has succeeded in a surprising manner in teaching several birds to speak and sing with great precision. Among these feathered curiosities there is a Canary which pipes correctly one of Mozart's waltzes ; and a Starling whose powers of speech exceed perhaps those of any bird on record : he has been taught to execute various airs with great exactness, and to chatter away with infinite volubility and quaintness. Jack, (for that is his name) on a sign from his instructor, begins and runs on in the following strain—" How do you do, Sir— how do you do, Sir ? Any news to- day—any news to-day ? (The bird generally repeats each expression.) " Have you seen the papers ? Jack is a Tory—Wellington and Peel for ever— hurra, hurra !"—bravo, bravo ! Now ladies and gentlemen, I'll give you a song—I hope I don't intrude—now for it—silence, silence !"—bravo, bravo !" (Here Jack will commence singing, " The rose-tree in full bearing," or an Italian air.) " Hurra hurra !—bravo, bravo !—well dene Jack—good lad Jack—Jack is a dandy—I should like to kiss Sally— come Sir, be quiet—oh ! for shame—how dare you ? Upon my word, you're a pretty fellow. Oh ! for shame ! Jack is very poorly—-(coughs three times)—fetch the doctor—fetch the doctor. I should like to fly away—but I can't get out—I can't get out. Let me come out. Now ladies and gentlemen, I'll give you a song—silence ! silence ! (with emphasis). Now for it, (sings again). Well done Jack—just so, &c.;, &c.; ; and in this manner Jack will continue chattering and singing all the day long. The bird has been honoured with visits from several of the nobility and gentry, all of whom have been most highly gratified by hearing him. Mr G. had in his pessession at different times, three Ame- rican Mocking birds, of whose imitative powers such wonderful things have been related, but he has failed in every attempt to teach them anything beyond their natural notes ; and he thinks he has proved beyond contradiction that the English Starling is the true Mocking Bird. There are several absurd advertisements in the newspapers respecting postage stamps—one stating that some eccentric (?) old uncle had promised to give his niece £3,000 as a marriage portion, if she could obtain the same amount in used postage stamps ; another benevolent (?) individual offers to give £3,030 to build a church on the same conditions ; and an amiable (?) young lady states in an advertisement in the Times that she has taken a fancy to paper her bedroom with used penny-post stamps, and each of these people solicits the aid of the public in furnishing them with these now-of no-use trifles. It is shrewdly guessed, that since it was stated some time ago that a chymist had discovered the means of erasing the black ink stamp which the Post-office marks on the stamps of the letters to cancel them, and this he could do without injuring the stamps, so that they could be used a second time without being discovered by the Post-office clerks, the eccentric uncle, the benevolent old gentleman, and the amiable young lady, are all one and the same individual, who having discovered the means of erasing the cancel marks of the Post-office (which we believe is quite practicable), is trying to make a profitable " spec " by his ingenuity. A poetical vagrant from the Land o'Cakes found himself wandering one night in Hyde-park, without money and without a friend. While he was meditating upon what he should do, the gates of that gay place closed upon him. The night was dry, but rather cold, and he stretched himself on the ground with the fond hope of forgetting for a while his present cares in a sound sleep. But sleep, like other blessings, will not always come at our bidding, and he soon found himself so cold that he rose and looked about for some better shelter. A number of fat cattle lay sleeping soundly in their lair not far from him. The thought struck him, that if he could raise one of them, he might, with much advantage to himself, take up the vacant warm bed. No sooner thought than done. With the help of his good stick he raised one ox, and found a most comfortable bed, on which he enjoyed a sound sleep for two or three hours. When he awoke again he felt cold ; but, wise by experience, he went to the next sleeper of the ox race, and, having started him, again took his warm bed, and thus reposed anew. The same thing was repeated by him four times, till the grates were again opened. By this means he contrived to keep himself warm ; but he remarked, as the night advanced he found the cattle more unwilling to rise—a very natural feeling every one will say. The story may give a hint worth some folk's noticing. A foolhardy fellow engaged in repairing the ironwork of the ball at the top of the monument, got through the trap- door, and after shutting the door, stood upright on the summit astonishment and fear of the spectators. He remained there for some minutes, and, as luck would have it, descended in safety. A young woman went into a pawnbroker's establish- ment. not many miles from Kilmarnock, the other day, with a basket containing a quantity of china, which she wished to pledge with " mine uncle " for £2. After examining the con- tents of the basket, he gravely stated he could only advance the half of that sum. In reply to this statement she said she was a servant, and that the articles were the property of her mistress, whom she would require to consult before taking the money. She therefore left the office for that purpose, and in a short time returned with the basket, saying that her mistress would take what was offered. " Mine uncle " again glanced into the depository of precious ware, and saw that it apparently con- tained the same goods that he formerly examined. The cash was then paid to the woman, who immediately left the house, and the case was then carefully set aside. In a short time afterwards a feeble cry was heard by the broker issuing from the basket, which he again examined, and in which, to his utter astonishment, he found a fine child carefully wrapt up in flannel, and over which a slight covering of china had been ingeniously placed for the purpose of deception. The pawnbroker, it is said, applied to the authorities for a nurse to the little pledge, but was told, that like other pledges, he was bound to keep it for twelve months ; and if not redeemed at the end of that time, to bring it to the hammer, like other pawned property ! 