To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN-As Mr. James Macarthur has given me so prominent a place in his canting speech on the occasion of declaring the members for Cumberland, it is only fair that you should give insertion to my reply. It is true his Excellency the Governor offered me the appointment of Returning Officer, which I accepted, but afterwards declined, on the ground that I was the Chairman of Messrs. Macarthur and Lawson Committee. The ex-candidate say?, the Governor withheld the appointment from me. He who has written so much ought to write better : a right is withheld, but I had no right to the appointment. The cx-catulidale would have it believed that I was his most active friend, and that I was anxious to propose him. The fact is, that I was to have proposed my friend Mr. Lawson, who, on the repeated and urgent solicitations of Mr. Macarthur, consented to give me to him and I from mere pity, agreed to propose him for so little hold has he on the affections of his neighbours, that not one gentleman in the vicinity of Parramatta would have any thing to do with him. Mr. Macarthur would also have it believed I that I had dissolved some friendship of long standing, and that my quitting him was the cause of his being ousted. Friendship ! will he tell the public what act of friendship he ever performed for me or mine ? Friendship, indeed 1 that sacred feeling could not live in the frigid intercourse which had always subsisted between him and me. No ! his friends, if he have any, are to be found in the under lings who pander to his morbid vanity and deceive him. I am far from arrogating to myself such an influence as would put any man into, or out of the representation of our county ; but if my influence has been instrumental in turn- ing out the first political writer of the day," I rejoice in the exercise of that influence, and I trust I may live to help in turning him out on some future occasion. The reason of my quitting him may be found in his conduct at Camden for the, freedom of election (than which there is nothing at home watched over with more jealousy,) was there interfered with. I had my information from persons who were on the spot I shall mention Mr. Sadleir and Mr. Isaac Shepperd-two men who, with less pretensions than Mr, Macar- , that, are not less honest, nor less worthy of credit. The truth is, that if he had i at Camden in the quiet manner in wl- I " " ! my vote at Parramatta, I should not-'- vote. for him and I now declare, that from the moment I quitted him I never tried to influ- j once a single vote against him. I am also accused by Mr. Macarthur of political treachery and tergiversation. This is strong language-the last a very long and hard word, which, if I understand rightly, means some underhand trickery or evasion. Was there any evasion in my telling him in the open street, face to face, that his conduct in Camden was such that I could not either propose or vote for him? I cannot close this serious part of my letter without heartily thanking the Cumberland electors, (especially my neighbours for the manly yeoman-like spirit displayed by them in the late election ; they have clearly shown that they will not be driven like sheep either to the shambles of the boiler. As to the speech and last dying words of the orator, (after four days' correction), it is but a poor affair-an old dish hashed up again ; but the action and gestures in the delivery of the said speech, were truly ludicrous and where he alluded to mc, and threatened a crusty old fellow, a sexagenarian heretic, with the ghost of a dead old tree, was the very climax of absurdity. I have a great veneration for the said old tree, and see it all hundred times a day, but, " renovate decorum," it reminds me of the speech. _ Nearly three mortal hours did I stand listening to the doughty orator trem- bling, lest his uplifted arm should fall on my devoted head, or like another Samson, drag down the hustings, " Little-Go" and all, and in one horrid crash destroy himself, his friends, and enemies. Now, after all this patient listening and suffering, to be denied five or ten minutes to speak in my own defence to be obliged to eat a cold dinner, and to meet the ghost of the old tree into the bargain, was too bad. The Orator's Eulogist, in his paper of the 10th instant, gives a quotation from an acquaintance of mine, of some fifty years' stand- in-the selection was not unhappy, for it was uttered by an old woman in distress. The ex-candidate, in some late paper, is admitted to have an " undeniable infirmity," but we have all some undeniable infirmity one of mine is, to he now and then fond of a scrap of Latin, for like my friend Bland, I begin to forget my Greek, of which I confess I never knew much. After all, I wish Mr. James Macarthur no harm. One or two lines, admonitory or didactic, and I have done. Let him go to his estate write a hook-make better wine read the story of the Basket-maker-and mind his sheep. I" I remain, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, T. FORSTER. Bush Farm, July 12. " 