TEMPERANCE AND INTEMPERANCE. Only thirty-eight wound cases were re- ceived into our field hospital (at Ghuznee) says Mr Atkinson in his Sketches of Affghanistan. All the sword-cuts, which were very numerous, and many of them very deep, united in the most satisfactory manner, which we decidedly attributed to the men's having been without rum for the pre- vious six weeks, the Commissariat having none to give them. In consequence, there was no inflam- matory action to produce lever and interrupt the adhesionof the parts—a strong argument in fa- vour of Teetotalism. It was remarked at a latu Teetotal meet ing, that ainmi-t ever)'arrival brought en aicei>i>iun to the numbers of (he society, a grutiljiix proof oi the extensive progress of the cause. Tliia fact hits teen rem rUably illustrated by the arrival of tin! lioi/al Sason, from London uud Cork, with •230 emir rants, amount whom were no fewer limn foity teetotallers. During tb? voynge they ad lured sturdy I.) th- ir pledge and maintained their principles with iint-ompruinisiiig Mid steadfast resolution. So huMkliml were they of the iidvau ts?CS of tin; system, as proved by their personal exptiiei.cv, before nn.l duiitig the voyage, ilut they wuniino'i-iy tesc Ived should they find no teetotallers oiiilieiruinv.il ht^ie, iiiisitdlatnly to o*t?l>lisli v society. They were of course agrte- Hbly surprised to hear the cause progressing in this Island with Midi iapi'l strirlts, uml no fewer ti an twenty ot them signed the pledge in one day. —I.auHC&tt.-n; Cower. A short time ago, in Scotland, a "jolly dot,'," of'l>c Uai:rh«in?li..ii school, laid fctige 11 the iiottV iiii.l bmrel for several days. Some of his red-iiom'd companions being aware of the sir. vii- Manci-, nml ?hiiiliinj! that I.c was doing it rather too bird, agreed upon trying an experiment tc> frigh en in.a into a inoie But? r w«y. Night being fixed on for the joke, away they went to the inn where he wus boozing, «na there found his wor ship in a bark parlour, quite intoxicated and fast iisleep. Wiiile in this apparently happy state, Sic wus talcui mid plactd full length in :i coffin, which had been procured for the job. Having slrpt in t' is rurcptuclc for tfce d three or tour hunts, he s-.vukc : uud upon rai&ing; Hoist !f up, first ou one ride of the coffin and (hen on the oilier, inutteiing to himself as lie viewed the melancholy piece of furniture, " Wlmrum I?" •• Wliur linve I gotten to V 1 Whilft in the act ut sayit gso, h tail, portly looking figure, shrouded in a white sheet, walked from ? large cupboard; vii.l on marching up to the coffin, Faintly whispered, •' You are dim!" " Dead I" snidtbe disciple <>( Buccbux, fixing his oy him : ''«>•, an'hoo long bae ! been rJearl?" ■' A week/'eiistverid the ghost. " And are ye deal too ?' "Vi s," replied the -.iieptve. •• llrrh. Sirs, an' hoo long hue ye been dead, I Bay ?" " A fo;t ni(;hf." siid the ghust. " Here, (hen lad," re funded thn interrogator (putting his hand into his pocket). "ye ken this place better thun I— I liiif! uh twa I'.ott'ts o' yiil," TliU was (no much for the (,'liDvt, ami In-fare ho co'ild well get out >A the room, be bur*! iiit-> u:i immoderate fit ol inUtfhlCl': At a Temperance Meriting in Sydney, the Uev. K. Swu-tm-in, V.'esleyan Minister, ob served, "that it waa scared) necessary for him id say anything on the subject, his own upprarauee niii?t convince them tlmt a temperate life was conducive to health, lie had been a member of the Temperance Society formany years, butuutil very lately he had not seen the propriety of adopting: the total abstinence pledge. He had thought that it wrB a refusal to use the bounties of Providence, and that it cast a reflection upon the conduct of the wise aml good in former ages, and even ujO'.i the blessed Redeemer himself. Dut he was not still of the sain; opinion ; he bad read the publications of (he Society, and after a careful examination of the subject, he felt con. vtneed that any person might lawfully refuse to use in any form a substance which scientific men declare injurious, and experience proves un necessary. Acting upon bis conviction that it was right, he had 6ib'ned the pledge, and Ins must now say, that be was never better in all his life, and he'was now willinir, to assist the persons who were cairying foruard ibis great work, at all suit able times." When it is recollected tl.at tons of tliou- HMlds of valuable lives are annually sacrificed to the use of intoxicating drinks, it is not too much to aver that their influence upon the human system deseives> the inngtctlm and scientific inves tigation jat nny rate, the dreadful havoc made on society by thvir i^'iieral employment, is calculate! to urge a deep and earnest enquiry, now far they nrc nMnlcli/ tm- essari/ for (lie subsistence of im.n. This is, therefore, a question of immense interest, uud oiiL'ht not to lie approached. \vi«h indiffer ence, or rejected with disdain ; nor ought su'-h a great moral and physiological enquiry to be con sidered as coming only within the province '• Tcmpereuce Societies," since it involves eou sideratione of the highest interest (o the human family, and considerations which force themselves ilnHy "upon the ntlciUion of every medical man; nnd whether we nrc dcisirous of evading the question or not, it is quite impossible to avoid the direct responsibility entailed upon every member of the healing art, on a subject so cloeely allied to the public health. Sir Asiley Cooper, in speak ing on this subject to a friend, only'a few mouths before his death, says-" on this subject we have ■all bern fiidly deceived ;" and well be might, for on no 6u!yect has the puliiie mind been so tho roughly abused as on the nature and jnopeitics nf aJciiwlir. thinks, AH classes have been equal!) misled ; imr have evcu medical men been suffered to escape (be "great delusion." With regard to " pulmonary diseases" there can he no doubt that they are often superinduced by the use of intoxi cating liquors; and highly as I approve tif a " ncnevoua diet," in cases of scrofula, " in nlmost all its vaiicty o: forms," I do not think that, in order to constitute*" upncrtmsilieS," itieneees sary to employ intoxicating drinks. Tint system of diet must be most "generous," which is the most uulrative; und as intoxicating liquors con tain only a \ery limited supply of nutriment, and some none at all, I am led to the conclusion, that " nature" is under less obligation to intoxicating drink* than some would have us to believe. It is well known that ardent sjii'rtcs possess no single property of nutrition. HWs, for the most part but ill deseive the reputation they have so uni versally acquired > few, indeed, can be relicil upon as genuine ; and many are " vile braudicd com pounds," imposed ou society under the names of port, sherry, madc'ira, &c.; Franklin spoke only the trutli when he asserted, that a penny loaf contained more nourishment than a gallon of ale, nor will it be possible much lunger tv roufouud aud synonomise " sCimulnlinn and strength I" The great iiirnoneis of health ate wholesome food, pure «ir, moderate exercise, Round sleep, nnd good water. The n supplied without a t-iugle drop of intoxicating liquor; mi.l let it l.c recollected that ulcohol, whii:h ontiKtituKs th; specific character of intoxi catiuirdiiuk*, is the fruitful parent of imiumer ahle di?c.ws. If w< haJ nut the advantage of j divert "vxreriene*" va the sulject, common! j sense nnd sound philosophy would eugfost that the great wear and Intr of life is occasioned by the exhausting inllui-uce of inonl and physical i-iciU'inciit; and •• w!io would add momentum to an avalanche T" An lis it not clear, that to add the fttin.ulus of intonUating drink to the ordinary ittitiuilus of arduou* montal or bodily toil, is " li^ititis tbe candle at both cn>!« !" lam aware, however, that wiurs, and other alcohnlic drinks, are employed in the t-eatn,cnt of Jisetpen by many cminenl physteiajrt ; aud, if reliance is to be placed on their statement* on this head, with actual advantage, tarn I ound to state, however, that in cases strictly analogous to those referred to, I have eireiienttd t-qoal ■ucccat, without anything of the sort; and I strongly incline to thu belief, that I have frequently administered tlie?e remedies with disadvantage to roy patients, iiihl I fear that thousands have been sent to a pre mature grave, (Itrough the injudicious administration q/'alcohiiiic stimulants. I can most icadity believe, that many recoveries have been protracted, if not prevented, by seizing the first opportunity that liua presented itself, on tlie subsidence of the more active symptoms, for commencing a course of stimulation, l>y ivliidi, in many cases, the dying embers of disease have a^ain been lighted up, and secondary symptoms lmve be.eu established, which ha\c cither terminated in death, or in a sequel of ilillicult and uncertain removal.—Dr Beaumont. 