DICKENS' AMERICAN NOTES. WESTERN STEAMERS. " If the native packets I have already described be unlike anything we are in the habit of seeing on water, these Western vessels are still more foreign to all the ideas we are accustomed to entertain of boats. I hardly know what to liken them to, or how to describe them. " In the first place, they have no mast, cordage, tackle, rigging, or other such boat-like gear ; nor have they anything in their shape at all calculated to remind one of a boat's head, stern, sides, or keel. Except that they are in the water, and display a cou- ple of paddle-boxes, they might be intended, for any- thing that appears to the contrary, to perform some unknown service, high and dry, upon a mountain- top. There is no visible deck, even ; nothing but a long, black, ugly roof, covered with burnt-out feathery sparks : above which tower two iron chim- nies, and a hoarse escape-valve, with a glass steerage house. Then, in order as the eye descends towards the water, are the sides and doors and windows of the state-rooms, jumbled as oddly together as though they formed a small street built by the varying tastes of a dozen men : the whole is supported on beams and pillars resting on a dirty barge, but a few inches above the water's edge ; and in the narrow space between this upper structure and this barge's deck are the furnace-fires and machinery, open at the sides to every wind that blows and every storm of rain it drives along its paths. " Passing one of these boats at night and seeing the great body of fire, exposed as I have just described, that rages and roars beneath the frail pile of painted wood — the machinery not warded off or guarded in any way, but doing its work in the midst of the crowd of idlers aud emigrants, and children, who throng the lower deck — under the management, too, of reck- less men, whose acquaintance with its mysteries may have been of six months' standing — one feels directly that the wonder is, not that there should be so many fatal accidents, but that any journey should be safely made." AMERICAN RAILROADS. " I made acquaintance with an American railroad, on this occasion, for the first time. As these works are pretty much alike all through the States, their general characteristics are easily described. " There are no first and second class carriages as with us ; but there is a gentleman's car and a ladies car ; the main distinction between which is, that in the first every body smokes, and in the second nobody does. As a black man never travels with a white one, there is also a negro car, which is a great blunder- ing clumsy chest, such as Gulliver went to sea in from the kingdom of Brobdignag. There is a great deal of jolting, a great deal of wall, not much window, a locomotive engine, a shriek, and a bell. "The cars are like shabby omnibuses, but larger — holding 30, 40, 50 people, The seats, instead of stretching from end to end, are placed crosswise, Each seat holds two persons. There is a long row of them on each side of the caravan, a narrow passage up the middle, and a door at both ends. In the centre of the carriage there is usually a stove, filled with charcoal or anthracite coal, which is for the most part red hot. It is insufferably close, and you see the hot air fluttering between yourself and any other object you may happen to look at, like the ghost of smoke. " In the ladies' car there are a great deal of gen- tlemen who have ladies with them. There are also a great many ladies who have nobody with them ; for any lady may travel alone from one end of the United States to the other, and be certain of the most cour- teous and considerate treatment everywhere. The conductor, or check-taker, or guard, or whatever he may be, wears no uniform. He walks up and down the car, and in and out of it, as his fancy dictates, leans against the door with his hands in his pockets, and stares at you, if you chance to be a stranger ; or enters into conversation with the passengers about him. A great many newspapers are pulled out, and a few of them are read. Everybody talks to you, or to any body else who hits his fancy. If you are an Englishman, he expects that that railroad is pretty much like an English railroad. If you say ' No,' he says ' Yes ?' (interrogatively,) and asks in what re- spect they differ. You enumerate the heads of differ- ence one by one, and he says ' Yes,' (still interroga- tively) to each. Then he guesses that you don't travel faster in England ; and on your replying that you do, says, ' Yes ?' again, (still interrogatively,) and, it is quite evident, don't believe it. After a long pause, he remarks, partly to you, and partly to the knob on the top of his stick, that ' Yankees are rec- koned a considerable of a go-ahead people too ; upon which you say ' Yes,' and then he says ' Yes' again (affirmatively this time,) and upon your looking out of the window tells you that behind that hill, and some three miles from the next station, there is a clever town in a smart lo-ca-tion, where he expects you have concluded to stop. Your answer in the negative na- turally leads to more questions in reference to your intended route (always pronounced rout ;) and wherever you are going, you invariably learn that you can't get there without immense difficulty and danger, and that all the great sights are somewhere else. " If a lady take a fancy to any male passenger's seat, the gentleman who accompanies her gives him notice of the fact, and he immediately vacates it with great politeness. Politics are much discussed, so are banks, so is cotton. Quiet people avoid the question of the Presidency, for there will be a new election in three years and a half, and party feeling runs very high ; the great constitutional feature of this institu- tion being, that directly the acrimony of the last election is over, the acrimony of the next one begins ; which is an unspeakable comfort to all strong po- liticians and true lovers of their country — that is to say, to 99 men and boys out of every 99¼." 