MISCELLANEOUS. THE COMET. f/BOlt THE SYDNEY HERALD.] Upi ap to the sky* the starry shy ! its bright effulgence shone Amid the shining- myriads there, the only lovely One ; And the colu - n of sha îowy beams it shed, in i s spectral beauty seem'd Like the memory of the eager hope our rap- tured boyhood dreamed. Up ? up to the 6ky, the starry sky ! where in dreams we love to dwell, Where the saddened heart and the mournful soul their tale of sorrow tell ; The starry sky .where faith and love have rear'd their holy shrine. The home of our earthly visions, the end of our dreams divine. Wild and mysterious stranger, that dared un question'd come, Within the hallowM precincts of that bright and glorious home, What art thoo, and whence comest thou, and what thine errand here, Usurper of the realms on high, in thy beamy robes of fear? Dost thoo come like the mantled prophet, in the mystic days gone by, Fraught with thy dire foretellings, from the glorious reign on high ; Or, as the pillar of fire which led thé Hebrews on their path Unto the promised land of rest, through scenes of fear and wrath P Herald of mighty changes, dim and portentous star, Wilt thou bear a message from the earth to the shining orbs afar Wilt thou speak her mournful greeting to her brother worlds on high, In thy wild and trackless pilgrimage through the broad, unbounded sky? Te l, tell them, as thou ehinest, that sorrow, like a veil. Hath shrouded with its sadness her face, so dim and pale ; That the murmurs -of her voice were fraught with .human woes and fears, j And that all the signs upon-her. were the signs or griefs and tears. j Go,, go thou shining wanderer J away on thy j mystic path, The wreck of some s natte rd system, doom'd by its Makers'' wrath ; Ghost of «me realm departed-shadow of worlds gone by Away on thy phantom errand, thou dazzling mystery ! Speed oruthy lonely journey, where brighter planets reign ; And when, in thine own period, thou aeekest the earth again, Thy beams on the graves, shall glimmer, pale star of awe and dread, Where the eyes, that now gaze upon thee, lie mouldering and dead! March ll, 1843. EJLS. THBTÄBIFF.-Much alarm was felt, or at least expressed, on the part of the agricultural in- terest, on tiie diminution of the duties on the importation of cattle and other articles of animal food. We' have already alluded to thai absurd panic, but we wish, to .say a few words on the .subject, to show that even in this eas« the principle of reduction is as just as the application of. it promises to be universally beneficial.. Our first observation is, that, while the duties en salt meats were protective, those oh cattle and fresh roeai.-wfaich would most affect our own people, vere absolutely pro-J , hibitory, and they were Imposed in formel j times when our population was, as compared j with the present day, scanty and well fed. j We are under no apprehension-quite the j contrary -that meat will become too cheap ; . and we are satisfied that meat and many other articles of agricultural origin might become much cheaper than we fear the tariff will render them, without doing any real injury to the agricultural interests. It has 'been j tauntingly asked- how is it possible that the general consumer can be benefitted without . injuring the individual producer? In the ar- ticle of meat, as well as of some others of ! analogous character, there is one preliminary answer-prices had risen, and were still rising so high that, if the tariff should only have the effect of keeping them where they were, or even of lowering them in some reasonable de- gree, the consumer will be benefitted, without j any sensible change in the actual condition of j the producer. But there is that still more ; ; important reason to which we before alluded, , and which is of general application, affecting , the income tax, corn duties, and the whole 1 , tariff, namely, that the producers-of the ne- j elect of whose special interests we hear so mach-form also the maia body of the con- sumers, to whom Sir Robert Peel is reproached with being too partial. Take, for instance, the case of the landowner-whether he farms himself, or by the hands of a farmer, the re- sult will be nearly the same-he is a seller of corn, of cattle, of wool, but he is a buyer, generally speaking, of bread, of meat, and of clothes. If he loses something by selling cheaper, does he not gain something, at least, by buying in their manufactured shape these articles of his own growth ? To the class of farmers who are agricultural, and deal little in cattle or wool, the cheapness of meat and clothes will be an unmixed advantage. So he who does not rear, but fattens cattle, will be proportionably benefitted the cheaper he can buy the lean beast. All this, however, might, we admit, be an inadequate compensa- tion ; but if, in addition, spirits, coffee (by and-by we hope wine and sugar), furniture, and the whole apparel of himself, his family, and servants, ar; all reduced in cost, is there not reason to infer that he must receive a very considerable compensation ; a compensation which in many, probably in most cases , will exceed the nominal IOSB of income, while there will be a real increase of comfort and enjoy- ment? And let us go a step further : a farm cannot be tilled for nothing ; labour, buildings, repairs, implements, seeds, must all be paid for. If the diminished prices of provisions keep labour cheap-if the diminution of duties on timber, iron, copper, leather, and seeds, make buildings, repairs, implements, and general culture cheaper-will theie not be a further and very considerable benefit ? In short, we are of opinion that the measures have been so cautiously selected, so carefully balanced, so judiciously combined, that no sudden shock or injury will be felt by any oneof the various interests concerned. Those who hope, as well as those who fear, some very immediate and remarkable consequences, will be, we think, equally disappointed. The improvements will be general, but will be gradual and progres- sive ; the pressure on a few individual interests will be found to be slight in itself, and so distributed and compensated as to be, we trust, hardly perceptible. The most early and probable result that we look to is, that, by tbe i gradual operation of the tariff and the blessing j of God in a promising harvest, the prices of ' provisions may be reasonably lowered, and a feeling of comfort and a spirit of enterprise and industry revived throughout our manu- facturing population, without any sensible in- jury to the agricultural interests, A bad harvest would, of course, have raised agricul- tural priceB ; yet no farmer wishes for a bad harvest; and though plenty may lower his prices, it must increase his profits ; sud for- tunate it is, that at the moment when some redaction in the value of farming produce may be expected from the season, the opera- tion of the tariff will effect a concomitant di minution in other articles of consumption, by whi'h the farmer, in common with every other class, must be benefitted. - QuartetlyRei iew. COBA ASTO SLAVERY.-The slave-trade has ceased in Cuba, The dread of a servile war and the insecurity of life bave produced what the influences of humanity had failed to ac- complish, and philanthropy has gained a triumph by the aid of selfishness. The planters found that the love of freedom was a germ not to be crushed by severity or ex- tinguished by brute force. Combinations, nightly meetings, breathings of vengence for unmeasured and undeserved punishment, defiled the most searching espionage, and mocked the power of armed force. A sense of wrong, and keen experience of actual suf- fering, unequalled in its severity in the melancholy history of this brutal traffic, aroused a fierce and intractable spirit to redress, which discovered itself in the blind gropings of an outraged humanity ; and alarm j for its presence and fear for its consequences have induced the authorities of Cuba to prohibit at once, and for ever, the importation j of slaves into the island. That this is the first and most efficient step to emancipation cannot be doubted ; the same causes are in operation to produce this result, which have led to the abolition of the trade. The slaves will not be slow to perceive the nature of the concession which has been rung from the fears and not from the justice of the planters, who j will act with wisdom if they pnt their house in order, and prepare for a measure of early j and unconditional emancipation. This is one . of the first fruits of the great moral examples ; given by this country, in the destruction of the demoralizing traffic by man in his sable j fellow-creatures. We look forward with a I confident hope that it will be consummated, ] and the example extending to the neigh*. . boring coast of oar transatlantic allies, may tend to remove the foul blot which disfigures the character of their national and social institutions.-Emigration Gazette. A BRAZILIAN BATTLE SCENE.-One of the scouts arrived with intelligence that the Guay cuius, who had been on the move, where pitch ing their tents about three leagues ' off. ' lt was now about midnight. The Adelantaûo set out immediately that he might fall upon them at day-break, and he ordered a white cross to be made with plaster upon the backs and breasts of the allies, t'&at; they night not' be' hart by mistake. They reached the piare while it was yet dark, and waited till it should be light enough for the attack. There were about 20 of their matted tents-if tents they may tte called -each about SOO paces in length." The -num- ber of "fighting men in the horde was estimated at 4,000V Cabesa oe. Vaca gave orders to leave a way by which the enemy might escape, his object being to intimidate, not to destroy them. The mouths of the horses, bridled and bitted as they were, were filled with grass to pre vent them from neighing. Amid these precautions -the Guaraníes were trembling with fear,. Sven the presence of such allies could not give them any confidence against ad formidable a. tribe, now that tbs hour of trial'was come. While Gabesa de Yaca was oshorfing «hem tu cake courage and attack their enemies, the Guaycums'begaU their morning song and beat of tambour. It was a song of exultation; they called upon all nations to come against them, if they dared," for though we are few," said they, we are braver than all other people, and are lords of the earth, and of all the venison of the woods, and of the rivers and of all the fish therein." Every day this was their song just before the dawn, and when the break of morning appeared, it was their custom to come out and fall upon the ground, probably in adoration of the rising sun. Ac- cording to this custom they came out, and hold, torches in their hands, they Baw the lighted matches of the harquebussers, and soon dis- covered the army which came against them ; but, instead of running back in alarm, they bravely demanded what men were bold enough to come to their tents. A Guarani chief made I answer, K I am Hector (it was the real name by ! wbich he had been christened), and I am come with my people to take exchange of those whom I ye have slain." " You come in a bad hour," replied the Guaycums," for you will fare after them,** and throwing their torches at the Spaniards, thev went in for their arms, and in an instant rushed out and attacked thei^, as if ' they had the utmost contempt for their assail- ants. The Guaraníes drew back, and would hare fled if they dared. Bj this time the horse poirals, which were bung with bells, had been put on, and Caboza de Vaca charged at th ir head. At this unexpected mode of attack, and the sight of animals which they had never seen before, they instantly took to flight and set fire to their tents. Tho smoke secured their retreat, and, taking advantage advantage of this, they slew two Spaniards and twelve Indians, and bore away their heads as trophies. This mode of killing and beheading at the same time was effected with singular aud barbarous dexterity -they clenched the foe by the hair, sawed round his neck, and twirling the head at the same time, it came off with inconceivable facility. The instrument with which they performed this was the jaw of the palometa. No other animal so small is furnished with such formidable teeth as this fish ; for, though its ordinary weight does not exceed two pounds, and it is half as wide as it is long, it attacks man when swim- ming, and is far more dreaded in this part of South America than the crocodile. Each jaw contains fourteen teeth. As EÜVPTIAN ADVENTURE.-We had been wandering for more than an hour in low subter- ranean passages, an ! felt considerably fatigued by the irksomeness of the pos-ore in which we had been obliged te move, and the heat of our torches in those mrrow and low galleries. But the A ribs spoke so conn leutly of succeeding tc thi* second trial, that we were iniuced once more to attend tbem. We found the opening of the «hamber, which we now approached, guarded by a trench of unknown dep h, and wide enough to require a good leap. The first Arab jumped the ditch, and we all fo'lowed him. The passaee we entered was ext'e-.oely small, and so low in some places as to oblige us to crawl flat on the ground, and almost always oa our hands and knees. The intricacies of its windings resembled a labyrinth, and it terminated at length in a chamber much smaller than we left ; but, like it, containing nothing to satisfy our curiosity. Our search, hitherto, bad been fruitless, but the mummies might not be far distant; another effort, and we inijjht be successful. The Arab whom I followed, and who led the way, now entered another gallerv, and we all continued to move in the same manner a« before, eaeh preceded by a guide. We had not gone far before the heat became excessive; for my own pail, I found mv breathing extremely difficult, my head began to adie nv>st violendv, and I had a most distressing sensation of furness about the breast: we felt that we had gone too far, and yet were alrao-l depiived of the power or returning. At this, moment the torch of the first Arab went out : I was dose lo him, and saw him fall on hie side ; he uttered a groan, his legs were strongly con- vulsed, and I heard a rattling noise io hts lin oat -he was dead. The Arab hehind me, seeing the torch of his companion extinguished, and con- ceiving he had stumbled, parsed me, advanced to his assistance, and stooped. I observed him ap- pear faint, totter, and fall in a moment-he also was dead. The ihiid Arab came forward, and made au effort to approach the bodies, but stopped short. We looked at each other ia silent horror. The dinger increased eveiy instant ; our torches burnt faintly, our breathing became more dif£ cult, our knees tottered under us, and we fe't our strength nearly gone. There was uo time to be lost. The American, Barthon, ciied to us to take courage, and we began to move back as fast as we rould. We heard the remaining Arab shouting after us, railing as CafiVes, imploring our assistance, and upbraiding us with deserting: him ; but we were obliged to leave him to his fate, expecting every moment to share it with him. The winding of thc passages through which we bad come increased the difficulty of our escape ; we might take a wrong turn, and never reach the great chamber we had first entered. Even supposing we took the shortest road, it was but too probable our strength would fail us before ? we arrived. We bad each of us, separately and j unknown to one another, observed attentively the different shapes of the stones which projected i into the galleries we had passed,so that each had an imperfect clue to the labyrinth we bad now to retrace. We compared notes, an 1 only on one occasion bad a dispute, the American differing from my friend an 1 myself. lu this dilemma, we were determined by tho majority, and fortu- nately were o?ht. Exhausted with fatigue and terror, we reached the edge of the deep trench, i which remained lo be crossed before we got into j the great chamber. Mastering all my strength, j I leaped, and vas followed by the American, i Smelt »tood on the brink, ready to drop with j fatigne. He called to ns, " .or God's sake to help him over the fosse, or at least lo stop, if only ! for five minute:, to allow him to recover his s'rength." It was impossible-to stay was dea'-h i *-and we could not re ist the desire to* p..sh on and reach the open air. We encouraged him to j summon all bis force, and he cleared the trench. | When we reached the open air it was one o'clock, I and the heat in the sun above 160 degrees. Oar i sailor», who were waiting for us, ha l lucki'y a j birdak full of water, which they sprinkle*! upou j us; but. though a little refreshed, ¡I was not j possible to climb the sides of the pit. They un- ! folded their turban«, an I, slinging them around! our bodies, drew us to the top.-Legh. 