©rtgjnalCcmspontience, TO MR. jrori% PASCOE FAWENER. Sir,— Although the main positions which | have taken in my former letters remain uncontroverted, yet as® you press for answers to one or two questions which I had considered it unnecessary to discuss: and as I desire to meet fairly every objec tion which can be Urged against my views, I am unwilling (o allow this correspond ence to be terminated without the addition of a few f more last words ;" the more so as there are one or two (doubtless uninten tional misrepresentations in your last letter which I cannot permit to paSs without remark. And "first with regard to your denial of my allegation, tf that the farmers would gain nothing by protective duties is the result pf all. experience at home and abroad." You say, ' the utmost asserted jn Britain to be the effect of such protec- tiin is this, that tenants pay the landlords an increased rent , and that the price of all manufactures is increased to the con sumer that this is not true of fthis colony, because the greatest part of the land is in the hands of the proprietors," and .< the Saxon corn would not affect the price of our manufactured goods for all or nearly all our manufactured goods are imported.'' Now what pitiful quibbling is this— I really have scarcely the patience to/reply to it. The only excuse to be made for you is to be found in the desperate state of your case. A child might see that the objection to protective duties in Britain (and elsewhere) is' not as merely raising the prices of what are technically termed . manufactures ; but as raising the money price of labour, while they dismissed its real remuneration— the consequence being jan increased cost of every one of her pro ducts beyond what would otherwise have been the case. It has-all the obviousness of a truism that a high price of food ennances tne cost or ail tne results or labour indiscriminately ; that wbether they be' et manufactured goods.'1 or wool or tallow, or agricultural produce is perfectly immaterial. . . With respect to your objection that the laud -is chiefly in the hands of the owners, it is obvious enough certainly, that those persons who farm their own land would, gain by the impositions of protective duties; but it would as obviously be not as farmers properly so called, but as pro prietors that they would thus benefit. . They yvould receive both the regular sliare of the gross returns of the. farmer which falls to Jlim as pnffit upon the capital embarked in $he cultivation of the soil, and also the in creased proportion of those returns which jhe tenant farmer would then have to hand pver to his landlord. What is the exact proportion which the tenant farmers bear jo the proprietor farmers, I am not pre pared to say, though I think it is much greater than you assert j but at all events they, form a numerous and increasing class; and I, for one, protest most earnestly against the representation that the farmers properly so called will receive benefit from the restrictions upon the importatiqp of agricuitural produce, which, would merely raise the value of land ; while at the same iine they would lower the profits of every BKBaoBZBiBaBBSBBKflSBHBSpBBHMnBI branch of production and commerce, those of farming not excepted, in the colony. You, seem to have given up as hopeless the at-' tempt to sustain a claim on behalf of the- iandowners to an artificial enchancement ot the value of their property, as your only objections have raised thereto consists of misrepresentation of what I really said. You allege that in answer to. your question ' how the squatters would have procured labourers except through the agriculturists,' 1 merely reply that the town lands assisted .jo swell the landfund. ..On the contrary I argued, and I have seen no reason to alter my opinion, that the land bought for other :than agricultural purposes produced a very large proportion of -the land fund, which you do not attempt to deny . But waiving this, I resteJ my denial of the claim of the land owners to favor at the expence of the rest of thecemmunity, mainly upon the ground, thai their land was bought from the go vernment, with' tin exclusive view to their own advantage subject to all the effects ©f foreign competition, the ports being open then as now to the freest importation of foreign agricultural produce ; so that it is 4 rather too much of the monkey' for them now to turn round and claim from the community the conferring upon their land for an additional value, by granting them the monopoly of the colonial market. You state that ii my letter to the Patriot I asserted that the farming operations of the squatters benefit the soil, I can only say in reply that if you will point out a passage in either of my letters directly or indirectly upon the effects of the squatters farming upon the soil, 1 will subscribe next quar ter.to the Patriot, ' J have already s'ated my conviction of the impropriety of the permission to the squat' ers to cultivate the soil beyond, the extent necessary for the victualling their own establishments: but 1 have expressed no opinion as to the effect of their opera- Lions on the Soil iffiplf. nnr! T am nnt nnllnrl 7- WUUVU upon to vindicate those of otbermen One thing however is certain that fie it bad or good, if the squatterB are to be restrained from raising their own food when they find it necessary or advisable to do so, the more legitimate farmers are never, likely to have any practical experience of this effect : the result of such restrictions. must fie to cheek the penetration of the squatters into the interior, if not actually to diminish their present range; and by thus checking the development of the resources ol ' this noble country" to put an effect ual stop to its advancement in wealth and population, and consequently to permit little if any extension of agri culture, and certainly to preclude such an extension as would ever bring them (unless perhaps in a very- few instances too few to affect the general truth of vtbe posi tion) to the land heretofore cultivated by the squatters. You complain of the unsatisfaetoriness of my reply to your question how this noble country is to be peopled" if farming is obliged to be relinquished, and the capi tal embarked in it devoted to other pursuits Not possessing the gift of prophecy, I mast certainly plead guilty to inability to forsee ta what distance in the interior it may hereafter be found possible for colonization to. be advantageously car ried But I can tell what will inevitably check the growth , of its popu lation, and that is, any increase in the cost of the food of the colony, and espe cially in the expense of victualling the establishments of the squatters, either by restraints on importation, or upon their raising their own food, in consequence of which the profits of every branch of com merce and production in the colony, and the real wages of every class of operatives are diminished, " It needs no Ghost to tell us'' that such a system qf legislation must he seriously injurious, if not ruinous to the colony. You ask what we have to exchange with South Americans for grain, except cash. In reply, I ask you how we procure our tea, sugar, tobacco, wine, &c.; none of which are obtained directly in exchange c ni. ie'j . lUi uur uwii piuuucia, ju wc liuu loai the country is drained of gold by its im portation of these articles ? certainly not The countries producing these commodi ties, possessing already a sufficient supply of coin for the purposes of their internal currency, mu9t re export in ex change for other foreign commodities whatever coin they receive from us, and this operation is repeated again and again till it is returned to our coffers, in exchange for the wool and other commodities we export to the mother country. Why this should not hold good with the cash paid for South American wheat, as well as for our tea, sugar, #c„ I have yet to learn. The export trade of Great Britain with Chili and the other South American states is very considerable and increasing, and forms a large part of their whole com merce! a much larger proportion in fact than it does of that of the countries whence our other foreign supplies are obtained. It is therefore but reasonable to suppose that of the additional funds thus received from us in payment for their wheat, a proportionate part would be expended in the purchase of British goods ; leaving to find its way to Britain and thence to us by a more circuitous rout a smaller pro portion I repeat than actually does at this imoment from the other countries in ques- tion. That the colony would be mi re than repaid for the cash advanced in -die pur-; .chase of foreign wheat by the improvement in the market for its product owinTo the diminution of their cost, does not almjtof a question. But even supposing there should not be an immediate increised de mand for our products, and consc|uqntiy that .there should be a temporary j£iInnB nition of our means of procuring foreign luxuries, to the extent of the cash the wheat imported from South America ; it is very certain that this effect would be produced in a much greater degree, by the diminished demand for our commodi ties, which must result from the operation of restrictive duties, in increasing the price of food and with it the cost of. their production. With respect to your concluding pros fession of inability to comprehend the in jurious effect of protectiveUkities upon the farmers and upon the labourers they em ploy nor how the colony can thriye if its. capital is diverted from a a less profitable or unprofitable to a more profitable |iur- suit ; and it is obyious that the capital embarked in agriculture will not be diverted to any other branch of production, unless. the colony affords a more advanta geous field for the latter than the former ; nor in fact so long as the former yields a reasonable return for the capital invested therein : and the advantage of the commu nity is but the aggregate of the profit of the individual composing it) together with sundry other similar mysteries of political economy which I have defended iu my former letters-, but the truth of vyhich you have not even attempted ta controvert, I can only make to you the reply made by Dr- Johnson upon a similar complaint be ing made to him by a " plain man like yourself"— 44 It is enough for me to give you good arguments, I am not bound to provide you with brains.'.' j remain air. Your most obdt. servf,, An Agriculturist. Moonee Ponds," Nov. 25th, 1843. 