DRUNKENNESS. (From Paley's Philosophy.) Drunkenness is either actual or habitual ; just as it is one thing to be drunk, and another to be a drunkard. What we shall deliver upon the sub ject must principally be understood of a habit of intemperance; although part of the guilt and danger described, may be applicable to casual ex cesses ; and all of it, in a certain degree, forasmuch as every habit is only a repetition of single in stances. The mischief of drunkenness, from which we are to compute the guilt of it, consists in the fol lowing' bad effects :— 1\. — It betrays most constitutions either to ex travagances of anger, or sins of lewdness. 2\. ? It disqualifies men for the duties of their station, both by the temporary disorder of their faculties, and at length by a constant incapacity and stupefaction. 3\. — It is attended with expenses, which can often be ill spared. 4\. — It is sure to occasion uneasiness to the family of the drunkard. 5\. — It shortens life. To these consequences of drunkenness must be added the peculiar danger and mischief of the example. Drunkenness is a social festive vice; apt, beyond any vice that can be mentioned, to draw in others by the example. The drinker col lects his circle ; the circle naturally spreads; of those who are drawn within it, may become the oorrupters and centres of sets and circles of their own ; every one countenancing, and perhaps emu lating the rest, till a whole neighbourhood be in fected from the contagion of a simple example. This account is confirmed by what we often ob serve of drunkenness, that it is a local vice ; found to prevail in certain countries, in certain districts of a country, or in particular towns, without any reason to be given tor the fashion, but that it had been introduced by some popular examples. With this observation upon the spreading quality of drunkenness, let us correct a remark which belongs to the several evil effects above recited. The con sequences of a vice, like the symptoms of a disease, though they be all enumerated in the description, seldom all meet in the same subject. In the in stance under consideration, the age and tempera ture of one drunkard may nave little to fear from inflammations of lust or anger ; the fortune of a second may not be injured by the expense ; a third may have no family to be disquieted by his irre gularities ; and a fouth may possess a constitution fortified against the poison of' strong liquors. But if, as we always ought to do, we comprehend with the consequences of our conduct the mischief and tendency of the example, the above circum stances, however fortunate for the individual, will be found to vary the guilt of his intemperance less, probably, than he supposes. The moralist may expostulate with him thus: — Although the waste of time and of money be of small im portance to you, it may be of the utmost to some one or other whom your society corrupts. Repeated or long-continued excesses, which hurt not your health, may be fatal to your companion. Although you have neither wife, nor child, nor parent, to lament your absence from home, or expect your return to it with terror ; other families, in which husbands and fathers have been invited to share in your ebriety, or encouraged to imitate it, may justly lay their misery or ruin at your door. This will hold good whether the person seduced be seduced immediately by you, or the vice be pro pagated from you to him through several inter mediate examples. All these considerations it is necessary to assemble, to judge truly of a vice which usually meets with milder names and more indulgence than it deserves. I omit those outrages upon one another, and upon the peace and safety of the neighbourhood, in which drunken revels often end ; and also those deleterious and maniacal effects which strong liquors produce upon particular constitutions; because, in general propositions concerning drunkenness, no consequences should be included, but what are constant enough to be generally ex pected. Drunkenness is repeatedly forbidden by Saint Paul : ' Be not drunk wiih wine, wherein is ex cess.' ' Let us walk honestly as in the day, not in rioting and drunkenness.' ' Be not deceived : neither fornicators, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.' Eph. v. 18 ; Bom. xiii. 13; 1 Cor. vi. 9, 10. The same apostle likewise condemns drunkenness, us peculiarly inconsistent with the Christian pro fession :— 'They that be drunken, are drunken in the night : but let us, who are of the day, be sober.' 1 Thess. v. 7, 8. We are not concerned with the argument; the words amount to a pro hibition of drunkenness, und the authority is con clusive. The appetite for intoxicating liquors appears to me to be almost always acquired. One proof of which is. that it is apt to return only at particular times and places : as after dinner, in the evening, on the market- day, at the market-town, in such a company, at such a tavern. And this may be the reason that, if a habit of drunkenness be ever overcome, it is upon some change of place, situa tion, company, or profession. A man sunk deep in a habit of drunkenness will, upon such occa sions as these, when he finds himself loosened from the associations which held him fast, some times makes a plunge, and get out. In a matter of so great importance, it is well worth while, ?where it is in any degree practicable, to change our habitation and society, for the sake of the ex periment. _ Habits of drunkenness commonly take their rise either from a fondness for, and connexion with, some company, or some companion, already ad dicted to this practice ; which affords an almost irrisistible invitation to take a share in the indul gences which those about us are enjoying with so much apparent relish and delight ; or from want of regular employment, which is sure to let in many superfluous cravings and customs, and often this amongst the rest; or, lastly, from grief, or fatigue, both which strongly solicit that relief which inebri ating liquors administer, and also furnish a speci ous excuse for complying with the inclination. But the habit, when once set in, is continued by different motives from those to which it owes its suffer, in the intervals of 'sobriety, and near the return of their accustomed indulgence, a faintness and oppression circa pracordia, which it exceeds the_ ordinary patience of human nature to endure. This is usually relieved for a short time by a repe tition of the Bame excess ; and to this relief, as to the removal of every long-continued pain, they who have once experienced it, are urged almost beyond the power of resistance. This is not all : as the liquor loses its stimulus, the dose must be increased! to reach the same pitch of elevation or ease ; which increase propoitionably accelerates the progress of all the maladies that drunkenness brings on. Whoever reflects upon the violence of the craving in the advanced stages of the habit, and the fatal termination to which the gratifica tion of it leads, will, the moment he perceives in himself the first symptons of a growing inclination to intemperance, collect his resolution to this point: or (what perhaps he will find his best security) arm himself with some peremptory rule, as to the times and quantity of his indulgences. I own myself a friend to the laying down of rules to our selves of this sort, and rigidly abiding by them. They may be exclaimed against as stiff, but they are often salutary. Indefinite resolutions of ab stemiousness are apt to yield to extraordinary oc casions; and extraordinary occasions to occur per petually. Whereas, the stricter the rule is, the more tenacious we grow of it ; and many a man will abstain rather than break his rule, who would not be easily be brought to exercise the same mortification from higher motives. Not to men tion, that when our rule is once known, we are provided with an answer to every importunity. There is a difference, no doubt, between con vivial intemperance, and that solitary sottishness which waits neither for company nor invitation. But the one, I am afraid, commonly ends in the other : and this last is the basest degradation to which the faculties and dignity of human nature can be reduced. British and Foreign Temperance So. cietv. — The annual meeting of the members and friends of this society, held at the Aldine cham bers. Paternoster-row, the Right Hon. Lord Teignmouth in th« chair, and amongst those pre sent were the Lord Bishop of Norwich and several of the clergy and gentry. Lord Teignmouth ex pressed his satisfaction at seeing so many old friends of the society, which he considered was founded on principles at once praiseworthy and rational, and struck out a clear line of distinction between the use of ardent spirits and those of fer mented drinks necessary for useful and medical purposes : but at the same time, it offerred no thing controversial to societies conducted on other principles, Their great object was to check the progress of intemperance, which was a great and crying evil. In those southern countries where they possessed a clear and unclouded sky, there was no resort to ardent spirits, and it was only in the more northern situations where this moral pestilence principally existed. He could not say that the result of the society had been all that had been anticipated, for they all knew the difficulties that baffled its exertions, but on the whole, the re sult had been eminently successful. Every friend of temperance must rejoice in its success, for it was founded in truth and inculcated on rational and Christian principles ; and, whether the so ciety should rise or fall, the seeds they had sown would ultimately yield an abundant harvest, and the legislature would one day look with pride and satisfaction at the rise, progress, and results of temperance societies. The noble lord sat down amidst loud cheers. Apologies were read from the Bishops of Chichester and Sodor and Man Chevalier Bunsen (the Russian Ambassador,) Sir E. Parry, &c.; The secretary read the report for the past year. The Bishop of Norwich, in mov ing that the report be received and printed, said the society had his hearty support and full con currence. The society would be sure to meet with partial opposition. He did not object to the views taken by those of teetotal principles — on the con trary, he rejoiced in them for the good they had effected in Ireland, where they had brought many confirmed drunkards to habits of sobriety ; in conclusion, the right rev. prelate said he was thankful for the good that had been done, and he hoped that the society, under the blessing of God, would still go on and prosper. The resolution was seconded by the Rev. D. Ruel, and carried una nimously. Several other gentlemen addressed the meeting, and enforced its claim upon public attention. — Weekly Chronicle. Tax on Drunkards. — The Port Phillip Herald of the I3th instant, states, that the five shilling fines for drunkenness since the passing of an Act by the Legislative Council in August last, relative to the disposal of fines, not exceeding five shillings for drunkenness, has amounted to upward of £50, which is to be appropriated to some charitable institution or society, for the be nefit of such poor person as by age, accident or otherwise are unable to support themselves. We should like to ki.ow how the fines imposed by our Magistrates for drunkenness here, are disposed of, are they appropriated to any good purpose or not? The Hon. and Rev. Mr. Spencer took the temperance pledge from Father Mathew, at Moore's Hotel, Limerick. — Clare Journal. Dr. Peter Schofield, in a late address de livered at a Temperance Society, in the township of Bustard, in the District of Johnstown, in the province of Upper Canada, gives the following statement of a case of spontaneous combustion which occurred in his practice. It is well authenticated that many spirit drink ers are brought to their end by what is called, 'spontaneous combustion.' Trotter mentioned several such instances. One happened under my own observation. It was the case of a young man, twenty-five years old, he had been a spirit drinker for many years, I saw him at nine o'clock in the evening on which it happened; he was as usual not drunk but full of liquor. About eleven he same evening I was called to see him, I found him roasted from head to foot in a blacksmith's shop across the way from where he had been. The owner suddenly saw a light in his shop as if the building was on fire, he ran to it, and on open ing the door saw a man erect in the midst of a silvery blaze resembling the wick of a candle in the midst of its own flame. He seized him by the shoulder, jerked him to the door, upon which the flame was extinguished, there was no possibility of fire having been communicated to him by any external means, it was purely a case of sponta neous ignition ; a general sloughing came on, and his flesh was removed in the dressing, leaving the bones and a few of the larger blood vessels. The blood however rallied around the heart and maintained the vital spark until the thirteenth day, when he died, not only the most noisome, ill featured and dreadful picture that was ever pre bcuusu iu xiuuiuu view, uui niB suneKB, uis cries and lamentations were enough to rend a heart of adamant. He had no pain of body, he said he was suffering the torments of hell, that he was on its threshold and should soon enter its dismal caverns, and in this frame of mind he gave up the ghost. 0 the death of a drunkard beggars des truction. ( Revenue fob Temperanoe Societies. — ' It is in contemplation, to raise a large annual revenue, for the promotion of temperance societies, by a plan to be brought forward by Mr. Bucking ham, at the great anniversary meeting at Exeter hall, by making it a condition of membership to the New Temperance Association, proposed to be formed by a union of all the metropolitan societies in one :— 1st. That each member shall estimate the pecuniary saving in his own annual expendi ture, effected by his abstaining from the use of spirits, wine, and beer, 2d. That he shall then agree to retain one-half of that saving for his own immediate and present benefit, and devote the other half in two equal parts, one to the insurance ofa legacy for his family, or for the Temperance nion, at his pleasure, in the United Kingdom Total Abstinence Life Association, and the other if residing in London, to an annnal contribution to the funds of the Metropolitan Association ; or if residing in the country, to the particular local society to which the paying member may belong. It is estimated, by Mr. Buckingham, who h the originator of this proposal, that persons in the middle class of life would save at least ±'20 a-year by this change in tKeir habits ; in the more opulent class £50 ; and even £100 a-year would be saved to families, while in the very humblest ranks £5 a-year would be the lowest average, as this is less than three-pence per day. The whole number of persons belonging to the various temperance societies in Great Britain is now upwards of 5,000,000, and if one pound per annum, or less than one-fourth of the money saved by abstaining, even among the lowest classes, were thus contri buted, it would raise a revenue of £5,000,000 sterling! This amount, would far surpass the whole sum raised for all the benevolent societies in the kingdom, though it would still be only one tenth of what is spent every year in Great Britain and Ireland alone in intoxicating drinks.' — San. Important evidence of Mr. Fairburn, a Ma nufacturer of Steam Engines, and an employer of thirteen hundred men. ' During the investigation of a committeeap pointed to enquire into the subject of education, Mr. Fairburn, a manufacturer of steam-engines, who had in his employ about 600 men in the Isle of Dogs, and about seven hundred men at Man chester, was examined. He was asked a question which seemed irrevelant at the tinie, but which elicited some important information — he was asked, ' Do the men drink a great deal in your factory V ' A great deal,' was the reply. ' Do they get drunk?' 'No,' replied Mr. Fairburn. ' How then do you regulate the quantity V ' They drink at tlieir' own pleasure,' was the reply.' ' What do they drink most of?' ' Nothing but water,' said Mr. Fairburn. ' And how is that?» ' I do not allow them to drink anything else. So great is my objection,' continued he, ' to employ men who are bemused with liquor, that I would discharge them without giving them time to put on their jackets.' That, observed Mr. Rotch, was a good answer to those who said that such employments could not be carried on without strong drinks, and that if the men were required to do so they would instantly leave. Mr. Fair burn stated that he had water laid on to every room in his factory, and that they drank when ever they choose. He was asked, what had been the effect produced by that practice. His reply was, ' I am satisfied, and there are enough per sons satisfied to employ me so as to fill my pocket; and when 1 go out on Sunday I meet my men, with their wives by their sides, and their children accompanying them, all decently clad, and looking comfortable, and that gives me a happiness which I cannot describe.' Mr. Fair burn was not a teetotaller, and yet he had done away with the drinking customs in his factory. The thing was done at once : the master and the men fully understood each other, and both went on in perfect harmony. 