ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE. BERRIMA. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. BEFORE SIR JAMES DOWLING, Chief Justice. MURDER. The Court was occupied this day with a case which derived a painful interest from the peculiar atrocious manner in which the crime with which the prisoners were charged, was perpetrated. The prisoners, Martin Beech and Lucretia Dunkley, both of Goulburn, were indicted for the wilful murder of Henry Dunkley, the hus- band of the female prisoner, at Gunning, on the 13th September last. The prisoners pleaded not guilty. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL, in stating the case for the information of the Jury, requested their serious attention to the large mass of evidence which would be produced, as it was impossible to do justice to the case which de- pended upon circumstantial evidence (as cases of that kind almost invariably did) without close attention to, and comparison of, all the facts which the evidence would unfold. He would therefore address them very briefly and dispassionately, that their minds might not be pre-occupied with his remarks, but be left at full liberty to dwell upon the facts of the case, which are very numerous, there being a great number of witnesses, who had vast number of facts to relate, which it would be the duty of the Jury to connect to- gether in their own minds, and thereby arrive at a just conclusion. The learned gentleman then presented to the Jury a lucid narrative of the case, dwelling on the main features thereof, principally derived from the confes- sion of the wretched woman at the bar, first to Chief Constable Mallyon, and afterwards in the form of a regular deposition, in the presence of her paramour, Beech. He pointed out to the Jury that they were not to take the confession of Dunkley as evidence against Beech, but only his demeanour dur- ing that confession. The facts of this revolting case will be best explained by the evidence, before giving which, it will only be necessary to premise, that Henry Dunkley, the unfortunate victim of one of the most cruel murders ever com- mitted, was a farmer at Gunning, thirty miles from Goulburn, and the prisoners at the bar his wife and farm servant, between whom a criminal intimacy had existed for some time previous, which ended in the horrible tragedy which is detailed in the following evidence. Jane Williams, alias Clark, was the first witness examined, as follows: I am a widow living near Gunning, where also Henry Dunkley lived, whom I knew; he was a man of substance, having horses, cattle, and land, and was a man of about forty years of age; I am servant to the people who took a farm at Gunning, viz., Henry Clark and James Farquhar; my cottage lies about fifty yards only from that of Dunkley; I know Beech, who lived in Dunkley's house, where he eat at the same table, and slept in the skillion, to go from which to the bedroom of Mr. and Mrs. Dunkley, it was only necessary to go through a room which was used as a kind of store; I last saw Dunkley the evening before he was missing, when they were all engaged cleaning wheat, except Farquhar and Clark, Mr. and Mrs. Dunkley included. Mr. Dunkley left work about sunset, saying he would go and smoke his pipe, and during his absence Mrs. Dunkley said that "Dunkley was going to Berrima in the morning to employ counsel for Boucher (that being during the Assizes), and that he would free Boucher that time but if ever he got in trouble again he would do no more for him." Mrs. Dunkley added, that I might tell Clark and Scotch Jemmy of it, but not Tom Shepherd of it; but would not say why. Presently Mr. Dunkley returned, and said to me, if I would get up early in the morning we might run down the re- mainder of the wheat by breakfast-time; on my promising to do which, Mrs. Dunkley looked over to me, and made motions as much as to say that Dunkley was deceiving me, and intended to go to Berrima in the morning; but he said nothing to lead me to think he in- tended to go to Berrima, which is about eighty miles off, where he never was to witness's knowledge, but had often been to Gunning after cattle; on leaving work, I said to Mrs. Dunkley, "Why, Dunkley says he is going to clean wheat in the morning;" but Mrs. Dunkley answered, "No, he is going to Ber- rima, but does not wish it to be known; I told Tom Shepherd, Farquhar, and Clark, about it, I know Dunkley's house well, and the plan produced is just like it; I can judge of the plan very well; I can read and write a little; the last time I saw Dunkley that night he was standing at his door with the prisoner Beech; Mrs. Dunkley just inside ; I did not believe what Mrs. Dunkley had said; I went to bed at the usual time, and rose before day- light to help with the wheat, but I found Mr. Dunkley's door shut, although he had pro- mised to be up, and was a very early riser; Farquhar and Clark were up before me, but not Shepherd, whom I did not see till after I had brought the first bucket of milk, when he said to me, "Master is laying it out, I thought he was to be up to get the wheat done;" to which I answered, "He must have gone to Berrima;" after I had brought the third bucket of milk the door of the house was open, and Mrs. Dunkley standing in the middle of the floor, clapping her hands, jumping, as if rejoicing, and saying, "He's off! he's off!" I understood her to mean that she was glad Dunkley had gone to Berrima; but I said, "Why, wo- man, who's off?" to which she replied, "Dunkley's off to Berrima;" and I said, "When?" to which she replied, "At cock- crow in the morning;" I then said, "What have you been about that you are draggled so;" her gown being wet nearly up to the knees, and her shoes and stockings both wet and dirty; she said she had been to Mrs. Knight's with six bushels of wheat, and "who could blame her?" Mrs. Knight lived about a mile off, on Dunkley's ground; I asked her how she got the wheat carried there, and she said, Beech had carried it; but had not come back yet; I observed that there was no fire in the house, and that everything was dirty, although Mrs. Dunkley was gene- rally a very tidy woman; as she had no fire, I asked her to come and dine with me, and she said she would, but did not, although called several times; and after I had break- fasted I went again to Mrs. Dunkley's, where I found her and Beech at breakfast, to which they had ham and eggs: although beef, bread, and tea, was their general fare; I was aware of there having been two hams in the house; but one of them belonged to Mr. Simons, and the other was being kept by Mr. Dunkley for Christmas; there was nothing particular in Beech's appearance; Mrs. Dunkley after- wards came to my cottage and asked me to lend her six pounds of butter, and she would pay me when she got the money from Mrs. Knight for the wheat; I went to the dairy for it, when she asked me to lend her twelve pounds, as that would get two bottles of rum; which I did; they had been drinking that day, but not at the time that I had a glass of rum in their place; and Tom Shepherd was sent to Gunning, three miles off, for rum more than once; the last time he came back from Gunning he came into my house, and Mrs. Dunkley and Beech came down, when Tom said, "You are all done, master is close at hand, for I have seen his horse 'Nobby;' " upon which Mrs Dunkley said, "No, no, not he—where's the rum, where's the rum?" Tom Shepherd said he had planted it, but would go and fetch it and the horse, which he did, Beech going with him, and they re- turned with the horse, which had nothing on but a green hide rope round its neck, upon which Mrs. D. said, "Just as I said—Dunkley told me he would go as far as Goulburn, and leave the horse at Simons's, and take the mail from there, as that would be cheaper than keeping the horse in Berrima; and they must have let the horse go, and he has come home." Nine days after that, I remember Beech saying "It is nine days since Dunkley went, and it is on the ninth day that drowned people come up;" but I had heard that saying before, and thought nothing of it. On that day Mrs. Dunkley asked me to go and look for eggs with her in the places where the hens generally laid about the place; and on my consenting, Beech jumped up, and said he would go too, so that all three went. Mrs. Dunkley said there was a nest where Dunkley had found some before, and on going there we found nine eggs in it, after which, as we were returning to the house, I saw Beech standing exactly on the spot where the body was afterwards found, and apparently looking for eggs, upon which I said "What a fool that man is—there are no eggs there." Mrs. Dunkley immediately said, "Never mind— come on," took my arm, and urged me into the house. I left the eggs in-doors, and then went out again, and met Beech unawares at the corner of the house, and he said, "I have found such a nice nest, with one egg in it—it is such a nice compact nest it would be a pity to disturb it." Mrs. D. must have heard that. She afterwards told me she must go to Goulburn to look after her husband, as no- body had a better right. She wanted Farqu- har to go with her, but he refused; on which she offered him ten bushels of wheat if he would go; still however meeting a refusal. Next day she went in her own dray, with Beech and Tom Shepherd—a load of wheat being also in the dray. I asked her, if Mr. Dunkley should come home, how he was to get in; on which she said, "Oh, there's no fear of his coming home; but if he does he knows the way in." The two prisoners were constantly together after Dunkley being missed; improper familiarities have often been observed between them; no one else slept in the house where they did; and they were always tipsy. I have heard Mrs. D. vilify her husband—say she hated the sight of him, and ask what use it was to live with a man she hated. That was in Beech's pre- sence. If ever I asked where Mr. D. was, she would say, "In a corner of the house some- where with his eyes closed." Mr. Dunkley was an active man, able to manage all his own affairs, and was a kind husband, who lived on good terms with his wife, except when they drank. When she came back from Goulburn, it was in custody of Mulli- gan, the constable, and she said "it was a bad job for her—she knew it well." The house, the rooms, and the bed were then searched, and a spot of blood was discovered on the bedtick, larger than a shilling, and quite plain, but dry; a piece had been cut out of the bedtick also, and a piece of sack- ing put in, the sewing being that of a man. Mrs. D. is a very good needle-woman. She was asked to account for the spot of blood, and she said if they must know, it was her own blood. We then all left the room; after which Mrs. Dunkely asked me to sleep with her; which question she put again and again, but I did not answer; for I did not like either to refuse or agree. Mallyon, the Chief Con- stable, and Clark, then put me up to a place to go and sleep with her, and some one else to go as a ghost and frighten her. I went to her house and told her it was getting late, and she had better go to bed; she refused, and I took a candle and went towards the room, but she she stopped me in the middle room, and said "We will sleep here." I said, I wanted to go to bed, but she insisted on the middle room—and she would lay close to the wall. When I found she would not go to bed, I went out, and she followed me; on which I said the moon shone bright, and everything had gone to its own proper rest, but her poor dear husband, and he was lifeless somewhere, and for God's sake, if she knew anything about it, to tell. I told her our Saviour had promised, by true repentance, if our deeds were ever so evil, they would be forgiven. I told her they were going to put Beech in gaol, and would tell him that she had confessed, and that then he would tell all about it, and she would be hanged. I told her, for God's sake, to discharge her conscience, as murder was never hid, neither in this world or the next. She said if she told, they would hang her; but I told her no, she would be King's evidence. She then said she would tell all about it ; but I got frightened then, and said I would send some one else to her. I then sent the Chief Constable (Mallyon) to her, and she showed him the mark on the wall where the blood had been washed off by Beech; the marks of pipe-clay on the head of the bed; the ground under the bed where the blood had been scraped aware, as if with a knife the floor being earthen; the blood on the curtain at the top of the bed, which had spurted out of the wound, and which Beech had attempted to wash out; and the axe (with which Beech had struck her husband three times), with the marks of blood still on it. She also told Mallyon that Beech had cut up the stirrup leathers, had thrown the spurs in a water hole, had planted the saddle, and had taken the horse to the bush and tied him up with a piece of green hide rope, to prevent it from being discovered that her husband was not at Goulburn by means of the horse. She was then taken to Yass by Mallyon, and on the way there she said Beech had put her hus- bands body in a sack and thrown him on the floor, saying, "There he is for you now: I have earned you dearly and may face the gallows for you. She added, that Beech had threatened her with the same fate if she would not assist and hold the chamber utensil to catch the blood. I was at the inquest, and knew the body to be that of Mr Dunkley: no one who knew him alive could doubt it. The prisoners were not present at the inquest. After the body had been washed and laid out by me, Hunt, the Chief Constable, asked Beech if that was the body of Dunkley? He answered that it might be. He then asked Beech to touch the body, but he refused; and Hunt told him he had a good mind to throw him on it. Mrs Dunkley knew the body of her husband, and asked him to speak if ever she hurt him, and she cried very much. The examination of this witness occupied the Court between four and five hours, and the above is a mere outline of the case, as gathered from her answers, which will be more acceptable to the general reader than the evidence of the witness as it fell from her lips. The prisoners being then informed that they were at liberty to ask any questions they thought proper, the female prisoner poured a torrent of abuse on the witness, and made an attempt to cross examination, in which however, there was more violence than in- genuity; the following may be given as specimens: "Your soul is between hell and heaven." "That woman would hang Jesus Christ, let alone me." "Don't appeal to God, he has nothing to do with you—the devil has got your soul this day, body and bones." "I never murdered in my life, but if I could get at you, I would do it this blessed mo- ment." The conduct of the female prisoner was altogether most hardened, depraved, and extraordinary; for, although on her trial for life, she had the indecency, while standing in that awful situation, with her partner in guilt by her side, and the axe with which the deed was done, with the bloody garments of their victim, and the bed he lay on, spread out before her eyes, to laugh outright when allu- sions were made by the above and subsequent witnesses to their guilty familiarities. The conduct of the male prisoner was not marked by so much levity, although he distinctly smiled several times on similar allusions being made and his whole demeanour showed great indifference to the result. Thomas Shepherd, assigned servant to the deceased, was next examined, and corro- borated the evidence of the preceding wit- nesses in every essential particular. Mary Knight, the woman alluded to in the evidence of Mrs Clark, confirmed the evi- dence of that witness as far as it related to her- self. Bridget Cooper, wife of John Cooper, pub- lican, of Gunning proved the purchase of the rum by Tom Shepherd for Mrs Dunkley. John Cooper, husband of the foregoing witness, gave information of both prisoners to Mr Stewart, Police Magistrate of Goul- burn; discovered where the body was buried, and helped to exhume it; had known the female prisoner nine years, but had heard nor seen no ill of her. John Daley, district constable, Goulburn, proved the apprehension of the prisoners at Bradley's Mills, on the 24th September. When he apprehended the male prisoner, he said, "Had I dropt down to what you wanted to take me for, I would have given you a lift." He thought the witness wanted to apprehend him for merely being out of his district, he being a ticket of leave holder. Henry Clark deposed: that he rented ground of Mr Dunkley, and corroborated the main particulars of the evidence of the first witness. James Farquhar, alias Scotch Jemmy, also corroborated the material points of the fore- going evidence. Richard Mallyon, chief constable of Yass, went to the house of Mr Dunkley, on Sun- day, September 20, at half past four p.m., and found Mrs. Dunkley so drunk that she did not know what she was about. She got sober before night, and told witness, when he was sent to her by Mrs Clark, that on the day her husband was murdered he was in bed with her, that Beech came in, and gave her husband a blow on the head with the axe pro- duced, (such a one as generally used for breaking firewood) when she fell out of bed; that Beech then told her to dress, gave him three blows more, and told her to fetch a pot and catch the blood, that he then took him by the head and dragged him from bed, wrapped two rugs round him, and put him in a sack; that he then put the body on his shoulder, and told her to follow, which she did, to the corner of the house, and waited till he came back; that he then told her to go and catch the horse, which she did, and Beech took it and a spade, and was gone four hours; that he took a green hide rope with him to tie the horse up in the bush, so that people might believe Dunkley had gone to Berrima; that the next day he destroyed or secreted the saddle and harness; that she then showed him the axe with which Beech had murdered her husband, upon which he could distinctly see blood, the axe being the same as that produced; that she then pointed out various other stains of blood, and told him every par- ticular of the horrid transaction. The witness then described the finding of the body by the side of a water hole at the rear of the house— the inquest—the refusal of Beech to touch the body—and the tears of Mrs Dunkley upon seeing her dead husband. The Court was then adjourned at nine o'clock, the Jury being accommodated with apartments in the Court-house, and the case will be resumed to-morrow. 