ON THE SPIRITUAL POWER OF THE BISHOP OF ROME. -o LETTER It. Mn. EsTron-In my first letter on this important subject, inserted in your last number, I have proved that St. Gregory, who ascended the pontifical throne in 590, and to whom the English nation is indebted for their Christianity, claimed spiritual jurisdiction over the whole church, and exercised it in particular over the Saxon church, at their first conversion to the Christian faith. Dr. Bsrnet observes, that "A nation's receiving the faith by a ministry of men sent from any see, does not subject them to that see." (Exp. of the 30th Article of Religion, 'No. 37.) That is very true; for many missionaries have been sent from England to convert foreign countries, as St. Ansgarius'and St. Sigefrid to Sweden, St. Henry to Scandinavia, St. Swibert to thea country of the Frisons, now Holland, not to speak of many more; and yet the English bishops who sent them, or their successors, have never claimed jurisdiction over the churches thus converted by their missionaries. The jurisdiction, therefore, of St. Gregory over tise Saxon -churches, could not be a consequenceof thesechurchea having been first converted by missionaries sent from Rome; it was the effect of the supremacy which that Pope claimed and actually exercised over all the Christian world, as successor of St. Peter, and from which originally emanated the power which those ancient bishops enjoyed. of sending' preachers to un. converted nations ;.,for they exercised this power agreeably to a general disciplin', which could 'not have been established without the authority of him who has in all ages been acknowledged hsead of the church under Christ. It is true that the'commission togo and treachali nations, Matt. xxviii.,19, was given to all the the Apostles, but among them Peter was-the ftirst,-c. x., 2. Accordingly, the Holy Ghost had no sooner come down upon them than Peter, standing up 'with the eleven, Acts ii., 14, began to execute the divine commission before any of the rest. He was -thefirst who preached the Gospel to the Jews, as he also was thelfirst who preached it to the Gentiles, in the person of Cornelius, Acts x., 5. This primacy -of 'Peter, as far as it is relative to the preaching of the 'Gospel and teaching of nations, was admirably typified in the draught of fishes described by St. Luke, e. v. , Jesus saw two ships standing by the lake, representing tle church and synagogue: And he went -sp into one ef the ships, which wai Simon's, the'ship which represented the church, and sat down, to sig. 'nify that he will continue- in the church which he has once chosen for ever: end taught the people out of theoslip, to show there is no instruction emanating from Christ, no tree preaching of the Gospel, but in the church s and he said unto Simon,-laurcl* thou into the deep, and let ye down your nets for a drasught. Here Christ addresses Peter personally; there. fore it is Peter who is both to launch into ithe deep, -and to let down the .aet; but the first, which is -the steering of the ship, must be done by him: alone-launch thou ; the second, which is letting down the net, by him and his fellow-labourers, jointly ; yet so that the order is addressed not to them, but to htim : he said -nto Simot, Christ speaking to the Apostles through Peter,- as now` to the bishops through the Pope : and Simon,' *anstrering, said to him, at thy word I-will let' dritao; she net. -Peter here answers alone and speaks in hlais own name, I-will; yet he does not let down the -net alone, the Apostles assist him in that work since St. Luke adds, and wchen they had done this .they had enelosed aevery great multitude of fishes; .but Peter did it as master of the ship, and they by his command and under his authotity; for that. reason Peter is said to have let down the net: and, Jesus said unto Simon, fear thous not:-from this time thou shalt 'be taking mess, here the conversion of men, effected by tili preaching of the-Gospel, is asctibed to Peter personally. The Apostles can. -verted nationa as well as Peter, still it is Peter who converts- them. The pastors of the church in all ages bring souls to Christ, still it is 'Peter brings them ; because the teaching and converting nations 'is done by an authority first communicated to, and now derived from, him. 'It is Peter still preaches the Gospel, and propagates the -church, by the ,ministry of his successors, or other pastors having their mission from them; which is tlto reason whyv our Saviour, instead of saying *" Thou shalt take man," preferred to say, from this time thou shalt be' -taping men, which 'Peter has done from the day of Pentecost, and will continue to do it till the last day, when ite will finally dra-t the noet to the land, -full of great fishes, ote hlntdred and fifty-three, Jo. -xxi., 11, that iF, all converted nations, and lay them at tito feet of Jeass, who then will altow himself to his disciples, no longer walking upon a stormy sea, but standing on the shore of eternity, and will invite them to come and partake, on the same shore, of the feast he has himself made for them .come-and dine. These, I confess, are allegories; tbst by saying to Peter, from this time thou shalt be taking -men," Christ has given us the key to open -Cte sense of them, sod suthorised us Co apply to use prcachsitgof the-Gotpel hy St. Peterand Cthe Apostles -all the circumstances of these two miraculous -draughsta of-fishes, so beautifully described by St. Luke sod St. Joltn, 'Toe esplicasion I have just -given of them is tho-more solid, as it perfectly agrees -with the .doctrine of the primnitive fathers, whso'io "variably considered St. Peter, and the See Apostolle founded by him, as tlhe source and origin of all -spiritualn authsority and jurisdiction in the church. St. Ireamus (asno 100) nays, " To this church (of Rome) on account of Its -supesior -principslity \--every otlser msst have recourse, that ia, the-faithful of -all -counatries."' Her, L. iii, c. 'Tertullian -(anne -200). "Thse Lord loft thoe reys of Iteaves to Peter, and through him to the church." Scorpiac, c. 10. '" In'Italy,-Rome Is at htand, from whsich we derlve~ sthe authority." Prarscrip.,c 3.0. St.'Cypsian (anno -250) infsrming Pope St. Cornelius that certain In. nosratoroltad-tied (tom Africa Ce Resmee says-" Thoy ~dare to sail 'and carry letters from -schismatic and profane men Co thte-ehsir of Peter, and to tiso prin' -cipsi chsurch whence sacerdotal unity teak its rite." St. Optatus (anno-OflO) remarks, that " The blessed. -Peter' alotie received Cthe kays of the kingdom of. hteaven, to be communicated to others." &hcisfm.; D6,t. L. d, Socrates, speaking ao' a council of Asian hhshsopa, held at Antioch, " the -ilfth year after- Cte. death of 'Cossstantlno," consequently about the year; 342, In order to show the Illegality of their pro. ceediogs, observes that "-neithser Julius, Bishop of theo great Rome, nor soy one sent to itold itis place,' was there, althsough tha ecelesiastlc -cssoo forbids to regulate churches without the sentence of the Bishop of Rome." Eec. Bitt. L. II., c. 8. From theta early testlmonles it is manhifest that Cthe Apostollo See, founded by St. Peter, was In thte primitive ages considered as this original fountain of all jurIsdIction and- mission In ithe chstrch. The channels through whilos the divine stream flows, and Is communicated to particulsr chutches and indivIduals, may be altered sccording to chrcum. stances; but the fountain cannot, Peter, by divine lastitutlon, and for ever, Is th. first-the church, snoss'oasshp. Clarint is In her, the lagad ovor-all, to Itreserve iser against teindsf and wtsres, devils and men-but Peter is at the helm. No one can let ti down the net in his ship, if he has no authority from is him ; *but he himself lets down the net at Christ's c word. When the net is not let down thus, and b with that necessary subordination of the ship's com- E pany to Simon, and of Simon to Christ, it is not let p downfor a draught, but' for a scattering-men are ti not caught but drowned. In short, it is the right 1 of Peter to give the word of command, and to say, a 1 go afishing; let all the rest, apostles, bishops, and priests, from all parts of thu earth, and in all ti ages, answer, wre also come sowth thee. Jo. xxi. 3. a To return to St. Gregory : Calvin raises an ob. P jection against the supremacy of the Roman Pontiffs b from the circumstance that this Pope, during his ti controversy with John, Bishop of Constantinople, r who had assumed the title of universal bishop, never complained that "he had usurped his right." Instit. L. iv., c. 17, No. 4. But if'St. Gregory made no complaint on this subject, the reason was that, al. though John claimed this title, yet he did not deny s the Pope's supremacy ; he expressly acknowledged it; and what is remarkable, and may at first sight ' appear inconsistent with that bishop, he grounded his pretended right to that title, and to the second rank in the hierarchy, upon that very supremacy of the Pope, alleging that Constantinople having been made a second Rome, should share not only in all the civil f honors, but also ecclesiastical privileges of the first, through the whole extent of the eastern empire. This had long been the ambitious pretensions of his pree c decessors. Another John wrote to Hormiadas, who was made Pope in 514, "1I esteem' the church of your ancient Rome, and that of this new Rome, 'one and the same church ; the see of St. Peter and that of this imperial city the same see." Casio. Tom. 1. They fancied a certain spiritual kindred to exist between the two cities, which they thought gave Constantinople a right to be considered as the spiritual daughter of Rome. For part of the clergy of Rome, with others of its inhabitants, had been transferred to Constantinople, and the Popes from that time had frequently corresponded with and bestowed favours on them. This was alleged by the fathers of the council of Chalcedon, in their letter to Pope Leo, as a ground of hope that he would confirm the canon which they had framed, to assimi. late the Bishop of Constantinople to that of Rome. " We have been encouraged" say they (to pass this decree), " by this consideration, that the Apostolic ray boing with you in its full force, you make it shine more frequently upon the Chiurch of Constan tinople, as you are wont to enrich, without jealousy, with your own goods, those that are akin to you." Cone. Chale rp. ad. Leon. The title of universal bishop was equivocal. It might be taken to signify exclusive jurisdiction in the person who bore it. St. Gregory condemned it in this sense asheretical and anti-Christian: " It is a lamentable thing," says he, in a letter to Constantia Augusta, " that my brother and fellow bishop (John) is patiently suffered, in contempt of all others, to be called the sole bishop." The same title may denote universal jurisdiction. In this sense it was some. times given to patriarchs in regard of the provinces within their respective jurisdictions. But the Bishop ofConstantinople claimed it in a moreextensive sense, pretending a jurisdiction not only within his own new patriarchate, but over all patriarchs in the church, except the Pope. To the Bishop of Rome it was givetn to denote his universal jurisdiction, as head of the church. But although St. Gregory un doubtedly.claimed this universal jurisdiction, as all Isis predecessors had also.done, yet-aelther lie nor they'wished to take it,-out'of humility, and on account of that heretical sense to which they feared it might be wrested. " You certainly know," does he write to the Bishop of Alexandria, " thattthis title was, in the council of Chalcedon, and afterwards again by the fatheta, offered to nuy pecdccessurs, but noue 'of' them ever consented to use it; that thus, by pre. serving to all bishops the honour which is due to them, they msy secure their own in the presence of the Almighty." Calvin has the insolence to con tradict the assertion of that greatPope a "Gregory," says he," was wrong (falsus) in thinking that this title had been conferred on the Roman See by the Synod of Chalcedon.",Ibid. No.4. But can it be supposed that St.,Gregory had made this assertion, and had appealed to the Bishop of Alexandria 'for the truthiof-it, if the circumstances to which it relates had ,not been certain, particularly as lie did not mention-slio circumstance in order to obtain the title, bhut rather to-justify hise refusal of it by the example of his predecessaoss4 Eulogius, the Bishop of Alex andria, to whom lie was.writing, had himself styled St. Gregory universal father or Pope: " But," re. plied the humble pontiff, ".I had informed you that you were not to confer anything of this kind upon me or anyone else; and to! in the very first lines of your epistle to me, who had made this prohibition, you have inserted this proud title, styling me Pops universal." I must, however, observe that St. Gregory did not say that this title had been granted to the Roman See by the Synod of Chalcedon; lie only says it had been offered to Isis predecessors in that council, allsdiig probably to the request of the clergy of Alexandria, read in thsat council, which begIns with this address " To tise most itoly and most blessed universal Patriarch of the Crest Rome; Leo." The request was approved, ondlcommanded to ho in serted in the sets, When St. Gregory adds it was abso granted by the fathers to. lila predecessors, Ito peobstbhy means she bishops assembled at Constanti. nopio under Isennas, blaltop of-that city.; for in this council was ailso read and approved a request hearing this InscriptIon-: " To our holy and most blessed 'Lord the Archbishop of old 'Rome, anduanivreosl Patriarcht,-Agspeeua." It is false, therefore, that'this title had sever been granted to our Popes before Phocas bestowed it upon B~oniface, next successor of St. Gregory but one (by mistake I called him his SImmedlatossuccessor" in my fleet letter), Phocas did not grant the title, hat merely declared it to be the exclusive right of the Roman Pontiff, and forbade the Patriarchs of Constantinoplo to assume It. But our Popes, whatever Proteisanta hare said to the contrary, never affected the title of universal bishop. SAfter the example of St. Gregory, they style them aelves servants of the oervastts of God, which is more consonant to this recommendation of Christ a Hle that La the greatest among you shell be your servant, Matt. xxkiii., 11. Equally false is what Calvin, and upon his autho' city a cloud of heterodox writers advance, that the same Phoess also " granted to Bonlface III. ehst Rome should be the head of the churches," a thing. adlds the bold innovator, " which Gregory did not at all claim." No. 17. This assertion only betrays Calvin's ignorance or effrontery; for St. Gregory mast certainly claimed that title for Isis see, and nobody ever disputed It with him. Writing con cerning Stephen, a bishop wise had pretended to be exempt, he says-" II It he pretended that he had neither metropolItan nor patriarch, It mutt be replied that this cause then was en be triest by the~ Apastolic Boa, which is the head of all the chsut'hes.' 4 In his letter to John, Bishop of Panormls-es We ;admonish thsee," says St. Gregory, " that the respect Sdue to the Apostolic See be sot disturbed by this Spresumption of anyone ; for then I isa aheslae of the members maintained in its integrity, when op injury is offered In the head of the faith." In the council of Chalcedun, held more than 150 years before the pretended grant of Phocas to Boniface, Paschasinus styled St. Leo, who had sent him to preside in that council, " most blessed and apos. tolic Bishop of Rome, head of the churches," (See Let. i.) ; and the fathers, more than six hundred in number, not only did not contradict tire legate, but in their letter to the Pope gave him themselves the same title: " You have presided in the council as head over its members." Justinian. the em. pesor, more than fifty years before Phocas, esta. blished a law, not to grant the primacy or headship to the Pope, who had it from Christ, but to sanction his right, grounding his decree upon the decision of the four first general councils: " We decree, agreeably to their decisions, that the most holy Pope of old Rome is the first of all the bishops." Justin. Novell. 131. I have already observed that the Bishops of Con stantinople never denied this doctrine. They always acknowledged Rome to be the head of all churches. Their pretension was only to have their church as. similated to the See Apostolic, and considered as one with it, by a participation of its privileges, so as to exercise, not by exclusion of the Pope, but together with him, that jurisdiction over the patriarchs of the first which he exercised over them and over tire whole world, still owing their subjection to the Pope, and claiming only for themselves the second seat in councils. As this long contest *between the Roman and Constantinopolitan Sees is one of the most instruc. tive events in the history of the church, and furtishes an incontestible proof of that supreme authority which our Popes have always enjoyed in ecclesias tical matters, and to which emperors the most absolute, and assemblies of bishops the most nu. meroup, have thought themselves obliged to yield, I shall be forced to trouble you, Mr. Editor, with a few more observations upon it; but, lest I should engross too great a proportion of yous useful paper to myself, I shall postpone the continuation of this subject for your next number.-I remain, &c.; N. G. 