BEAUTY OF THE WOMEN OF MILO. The houses at the Castro are very unpretending in their outward appearance, but are models of neatness and cleanliness within. The seafaring portion of the inhabit- ants is a tine manly-looking race, and, judging from the specimens which we saw, the women are remarkable for beauty. During our ascent and descent through the town, we noticed ten or twelve heads, which, in delicacy of out line, realized the beau ideal of Greek sculptors, and scarce- ly less the dreams of eastern poets, in the softness of the eyes and the fine penciling of the eyebrows. Two of these beautious heads we saw bending over an occupation of a very humble nature, that of plying the shuttle. The noise of a loom attructed our attention, and having had occasion to observe, in the course of our previous perambulations, the simple manner in which the islanders card and spin their native cotton, we were desirous of seeing, also, their process of weaving, and asked permission to enter the house from which the sounds proceeded. This was grant ed with alacrity, and we were absolutely startled by the beauty of the counteuances which were raised to pass us in review as we stepped over the threshold ; they were, for an instant, suffused with a blush, and brightened by a smile, which, as I cannot adequately describe, I shall leave to your imagination to paint, referring you to the face you love best as a prototype. — Ibid. ARAB WOMEN. It is so long since I have been beyond the pale of Chris- tianity, that the veiled figures of the women are to me again a species of novelty, and, as such, are a favourite study from my windows during the hours of inaction, to which the sanitary state of the city condemns me : they glide across the square like so many ghosts. The Arab women, whose dress and veil are of one colour and the same stuff, (dark blue cotton,) have not so unearthly a look ; but the Turkish females, who wear white masks, much like those which are worn by the members of pen- itent congregations in Italy, through which the eyes are barely visible, have a most ghostly aspect. The Arab wo- men are remarkable for the stag-like elasticity and firm- ness of their tread, as also for their lofty stature and erect carriage. They have a peculiar habit of placing on their head burdens of every description and of every size ; and it is as common to see a small platter as a heavy jar of water poised thereon in perfect security, whilst the bearer moves forward with as free and unembarrassed a step as if no load demanded her care or interfered with her progress. So far from ensuring its safety by the use of the hands, an additional weight is not unfrequently borne on the inverted palms of them. Nothing can be more graceful, or more in accordance with the 'antique,' as exhibited on some highly-cherished vases, than the figure of an Arab woman so employed, her loose drapery falling down in ample folds from either arm. Though the materials of the dress are poor, and often sadly tattered, it is seldom that the tunic is otherwise than gracefully disposed ; and when the wear- er is young, and her person well rounded, her own move- ments or the passing breeze, form combinations of drapery which would be worthy the study and imitation of a Canova or a Gibson. Such well rounded nymphs may be observed from time to time ; but the Arab women seen within the precints of Alexandria are, for the most part, pinched by want, or disfigured by the effects of early matronship. Their dress, when complete, is composed of a long and loose tunic, a pair of wide trousers, and a large shawl or veil, one corner of which is brought over the head and secured on the forehead, and the remaindor drawn round the person. Sometimes the trousers are wanting, and sometimes the tuuic is absent without leave, deficiencies which are be- trayed by their anxiety to conceal their faces in preference to portions of their persons which elsewhere it is the fash ion to hold sacred. — Ibid. CRITICAL ESTIMATE OF A FAULT IN NAPOLEON'S CHARACTER. "His genius was vast, but it was after the manner of the Orientals rather than the Europeans : he followed neither the dictates of truth nor the lessons of experience, but the vivid pictures and vehement suggestions of his own fervent imagination. Such was the intensity of theme im- pressions, that they made him entirely forget reality ; he reasoned and acted upon them after the manner of insane persons, as if they had been actual existences. Ideas with him instantly led to desire; his incipient thought was al- ready a passion ; and his chief endeavours afterwards were directed to conquering the difficulties or overcoming the obstacles which opposed its execution. Thence the com plaint, so commonly made against him, especially in his later years, that be had an instinctive aversion to truth, and that no one could secure his favour but by anticipat- ing and confirming his preconceived opinions. It was not that lie had a repugnance towards truth iu the abstract, but that he resisted every thing which deranged or unset tled the existing current of his ideas. From the same cause, he never was known to change his opinion on any subject ; nor did he ever admit, except in one or two flagrant instances, such as the attack on Spain, that he had done wrong or committed a mistake in his life. His ideas were conceived in the vivid imagination of the East, and much more frequently founded on abstract concep tions than practical observation ; but they were developed with the strictness of geometrical demonstration, and en- graven on his mind in characters more durable and unal terable than the sculptures on Egyptian granite.' — Alison's History of Europe, napoleon's eye and calculation. By long experience, joined to great natural quickness and precision of eye, he had acquired the power of judg- ing with extraordinary accuracy both of the amount of the enemy's force opposed to him in the field, and of the pro bable result of movements, even the most complicated, go ing forward in the opposite armies. The roar of artillery, the smoke and rattle of musketry, even the falling of balls around him, were alike unable to divert his steady gaze or disturb his accurate judgment. Never was he known to be mistaken in the estimate which he formed on the dis tance or approach of the fire of the enemy. Even ou the furthest extremity of the horizon, if his telescope could reach the hostile columns, he observed every movement, anticipated every necessity, and from the slightest indi cations drew correct conclusions as to the designs which were in contemplation. No sooner had he ascended a height from whence a whole field of battle could be sur veyed, than he looked around him for a few minutes with his telescope, and immediately formed a clear conception of the position, forces, and intentions of the whole hostile array. In this way he could, with surprising accuracy, calculate in a few minutes, according to what he could see ' of their formation and the extent of ground which they oc- cupied, the numerical force of armies of sixty or eighty thousand men ; and if their troops were at all scattered, he knew at once how long it would require for them to concentrate, and how many hours must elapse before they could make their attack. On one occasion in the autumn of 1813, some of Napoleon's Generals expressed an opinion that he might expect an attack on the side of Bohemia. ' From what I can see,' said he, calmly closing his tele scope, ' the enemy have there two corps of sixty thousand men ; they will require more than one day to concentrate aud be ready to attack: we may pursue our march.' — Ibid. napoleon's habits during a campaign. If in the course of a campaign he met a courier on the road, he generally stopped, got out of his carriage, and called Berthier or Caulaincourt, who sat down on the ground to write what the Emperor dictated. Frequently then the officers around him were sent in different direc tions, so that hardly any remained in attendance on his person. When he expected some intelligence from his Generals, and it was supposed that a battle was in contem plation, he was generally in the most anxious state of dis quietude ; and not unfreqnently in the middle of the night called out aloud, ' Call D'Albe, (his principal secretary,) let every one arise.' He then began to work at one or two in the morning ; having gone to bed the night before, according to his invariable custom, at nine o'clock, as soon as he had dined. Three or four hours' sleep was all that he either allowed himself or required ; during the cam- paign of 1813, there was only one night— that when he rested at Gorlitz, after the conclusion of the armistice, that he slept ten hours without wakening, Often Caulain- court or Duroc were up with him bard at work all night. On such occasions, his favourite Mameluke Rustan brought him frequently strong coffee, and he walked about from dark till sunrise, speaking and dictating without in- termission in his apartment, which was always well lighted, wrapped up in his nightgown, with a silk handkerchief tied like a turban round his head. But these stretches were only made under the pressure of necessity ; general ly he retired to rest at eight or nine, and slept till two ;, then rose and dictated for a couple of hours ; then rested or more frequently meditated, for two hours alone ; after which he dressed, and a warm bath prepared him for the labours of the succeeding day. His travelling- carriage was a perfect curiosity, and sin- gularly characteristic of the prevailing temper of his dis- position. It was divided into two unequal compartments, separated by a small low partition, on which the elbows could rest, while it prevented either from encroaching on the other : the smaller was for Berthier, the larger, the lion's share, for himself. The Emperor could recline in a dormeuse in front of his seat ; but no such accommoda tion was afforded to his companion. In the interior of the carriage were a number of drawers, of which Napoleon had the key, in which were placed despatches net yet read, and a small library of books. A large lamp behind threw a bright light in the interior, so that he could read without intermission all night. He paid great attention to his portable library, and had prepared a list of duodecimo editions of above five hundred volumes, which he intended to be his constant travelling-companions : but the disas ters of the latter years of his reign preveuted this design from being carried into complete execution.' — Ibid. 