COLONIAL LITERATURE. Lecture* on tlie Papal Claim of Jurisdiction, delivered in the St. James' Grammar School, before the Members of the Church of England Book Society, during the month* of May, and June, 1813, by the Rkv. Hodeut Aixwood, B. A., Minister of the Parish of St. James, ' Sydney. Kemp & Fairfax, Sydney, 1843. Tub circumstances under which these Lectures wero delivered and published arc briefly stated iu the introduction. On the return hither from Europo of the Most Rev. Dr. Polding, in March last, he published two Bulls of His Holiness Gre gory XVI. The first of thuse documents pro fessed to divide tho Vicariat Apostolic of New Holland and Van Diemen's Land into three Episcopal Sees, namely, Sydney, Hobart Town, and Adelaide ; tho Hecond professed to constitute Sydney an ArchiopUcopal and Metropolitan Sue, with Archiepiscop.il Jurisdiction over the other Sees ; the Most Rev. John Bede, Bishop of Hiero-Cacsarea, bciti^ translated to the Archi episcopal See of Sydney, and all the rights, pri vileges, and jurisdiction of a Metropolitan, con ferred upon him. The claim to jurisdiction, thus publicly put forth by tho Church of Rome, was met by a protest on tho part of the Bishop of Australia, which was read from the altar of St. James' Church, Sydney, after tho Nicene Creed,, on Saturday, the* 25th of March, being the Feast of tho Annunciation It was after wards transmitted to tho Clergy of the Diocese, with a Circular Letter, enjoining- them to notify to their parishioners tho just grounds upon which that Instrument had been drawn up ; and after full deliberation, executed, published, and placed upon record in tho Registry of tho Diocese, as a per petual testimony against the attempted invasion of the Church of Rome. In obedience to these instructions of his Diocesan, tho Lectures before us wero written by Mr. AUwood, and delivered in the St. Jauius' Grammar School, in tho months of May and June last. They havo beon since printed at the request of tho Committee of the Church qf England Book Society. The consideration of tho Papal claims, and the increase of Papal influence is a perilous subject in a literary souse. If treated with strict ref'er enco to the doctrines of traditive belief, there is the risk of becoming irreverent from the pecu liar character ot many of tho early Fathers. If tho discussion wero exclusively theological, it would bo dry and unattractive to all save divinity students ; and if popularly treated, not very edi fying- to any body, from the absurdity of some of tho disputes, and tho uncharitable spirit in which they were once conducted. These difficulties Mr. AUwood has in tho main avoided with con siderable skill, never for a moment -Forgetting his own character as a clergyman, or tho nature of tho subject he is treating of, ho displays nei her enthusiasm nor superstition, nor fanaticism :or intolerance; but investigates thu subject ,uth a philosophical cahmness and an enlarged sagacity/ - that without yielding- up the sacred right of freedom of judgment, enables him, as he liraself observes,- 'to proeeed to its consideration, uthe earnest hope that, while he does not shrink fram plainly and unhesitatingly setting forth that which he feels convincid is the truth, he will not be justly chargeable by those -who differ from him with tho want of that courtesy and charity which are inseparable from the. character of a Christian.' , Tho arrangemont of the subject-matter of the work is clear and judicious. The first Lecture opens with a description of the course pursued by tho Church of Home in this colony; tho claim of the l'opo to supremacy; and the unqualified asser tion of his jurisdiction herein. It then shows the duty of resistance and contending for tho truth, asserting that ' the time has arrived when tho Church of England is called upon to put on her armour,, and tho contest between tho Church of Rome and herself is to be carried in this colony.' It- next proceeds to explain what is moant:by the claim 'of Papal jurisdiction, and whicht-os Mr, Allwood remarks, it is* necessary to understand, before tho arguments advanced in its support con bo rightly appreciated ; and it then' goes on to consider tbo foundation on which the primacy of the Roman Pontiff is based by their own theologians. 'That claim is con tended for by them on tho following grounds. (1.) They assert that to St. Peter was given by our Saviour a supremacy of official dignity and right of jurisdiction in the Church beyond tho other Apostles. (2 ) That this supremacy was designed to be permanent in the Church. (3.) That the Bishops of Rome, as his successors, have inherited this supremacy and right of uni versal jurisdiction from tho earliest ages. These assertions are met by the solemn declaration of our Church that 'no such prerogative or privi logo can be proved to belong to the Bishop of Rome, or to his See, either by virtue of any supposed succession or derivation from St. Peter, the lirst of the Apostles ; or of the authority, direct or indirect, of the Holy Scripture, or of the testimony of the early Fathers ; or by tho decree of any general Council lawfully assem bled ; or by the laws and statutes of this realm ; or in any other manner, or.-by any plea of what naturft soovrp.' An inquiry into the alleged claim, under the several heads ; and an elaborate review of tho evidence which has boon offered by the Fathers, individually and collectively ; and gathered also from the acts and decrees of the general Coun cils — evidence it is to be particularly observed that was cited by the Romanists themselves to testify to the Papal claims — form the subject of the romaining lectures. And although Mr. All wood's avowed object throughout was not to attempt an exhibition of declamatory skill, clad with the disquisitive form of an essay, but to give a general idea of tho arguments which bear upon the subject ; he has, in our opinion, com pletely succeeded in maintaining the propositions lie has affirmed with so much zeal ana ability, namely, (1.) 'That the Bishop and Church of Rome exercised no other influence over the affairs of the primitive Church than what was reasonably and legitimately to be expected from a Church situated in the metropolis of the world — having a just claim to the respect and reve rence of the Christian world, from her having ? been founded by two of the most eminent of tho Apostles, and from having for many years held pure and uncorrupted the faith which it had received from them. And (2.) ' That the asser tion' of tlie jurisdiction of the Pope over this land is an invasion of the lawful authority of the Crown, and an infringement of tho liberties of the Catholic Church of England; that it is a pretension which has no warrant in the Word of God, and is directly at variance with tho writers of Catholic antiquity.' That we agree unreservedly with those pro positions — and indeed thero is scarcely any pro position or sentiment of the author with which we do not agree — tho pages of tho Australian must bear ample testimony. And to this wo may add, what is just praise, that the author's hatred of intolerance doea not lead him into any intolerant severity towards his brethren of the Roman Communion. On tho contrary, 'ho de clares, in the language of Bishop Sage, that, ' Our arni3 are stretched out to embrace as our brethren, and we are ready to communicate with all those who are willing to profess the faith, and join in the worship, and submit to the govern ment which obtained in the Catholic Church during the first four centuries ; with all such we are ready to unite, we are earnest to give them the right hand of fellowship, and hold communion with them : ' and he adds, in the true spirit of Christian love, ' If our Romanist brethren reject these terms of communion, we turn from them in sorrow ; but lot there not, therefore, bo any interruption of charity between us.'* We may, however, be permitted to observe that, in describing the position of the Church in this colony, as regards the pretensions of the Bishop of Rome, though the author has not con jured up quite out of nothing the giant on whom he inflicts wounds, which in all reason ought to bo mortal, he has yet very much amplified his giant's real form and dimensions. Resembling, in this respect, a very able writer, with whom he has many qualities in common, (the author of the ' Book of the Church,') his imagination is haunted with a continual gloomy fear of the enforce ment of a jurisdiction ' based upon usurpation and built upon ignorance and credulity ' ; and he seems to be under constant apprehension lest tbo apparent success with which Catholicism has been attended of late in its labours among the lower elasacs of the colony, will bring to this land the dark hour of its uncontrolled do minion. In tho apprehensions so entertained we confess that we do not participate. Our strongest ground of hope and confidence is in our Church itself, and the character of its ministers. ' In Roman Catholic States,' (as was truly said by the lamented Dr. Southey) ' and more especially in thoso which are most Catholic and most Papal, infidelity is as common among the higher and better- educated clergy, as the grossest supersti tion is among those who are taken, with little education, from among the lower order of tho people. Among the clergy of the Church of England, thero may be some who believe and tremble, and a few — and we fervently believe they aro but few — who are false to tho establish ment in which they are beneficed, and would let the sheep into the fold ; but it there be an infidel, among them, it is known only to that Almighty and most merciful Father, to whom all hearts are open, and from whom no secrets are hid. Such -a man may live self-reproached, but his want of belief will never infect others—it will bo a hidden wound, quod proxima ncsciat uxor. ' Tho Church, then, we maintain, has nothing to fear from the reason of her adversaries, (which before tho Reformation she had) ^though she has much to fear from their want of it ; and she also needs protection from tho covert designs of treachery within tho camp. But though this is true, still in the purity and reasonableness of her course, tho Church has great strength ; a considerable majority in this colony will ever bo governed by her ; and this alone is a ground of sincere hope with us, that though the religion, and the religious establishments of the colony, arc exposed to tho storms of Popery, they are hold by a safe and stout anchor, and that al beit in strife, they have the honest conviction of their worth for an ally. Wo may also observe that, in replying to part of a pamphlet which was put forth in. assertion of the claims of the Bishop of Rome, and wherein tho testimony of the early Fathers and Councils was cited iu support of the prerogatives of 1'etor and his successors, we think Mr. Allwood has given too much importance to the alleged, patris tical authorities brought forward by his ingenious opponent. Whilst we have the Scripture.-ywhich clearly develop tho loading doctrines referring to tho discipline of our Church, we have no need' of resorting to tho authority of the Fathers, and wo do not conceive any ono of them to be in the condition of exhibiting critical proofs of the sur viving state of apostolic tradition. Too little that is gonuine ot the immediate successors of tho Apostles has withstood the desolation of ages, to enable us to refer a complete selection from tho many floating traditions to au apostolic source. Evidence has been adduced by some of our ablest theologians, that no inspiration can be assigned even to Clemens Romanus ; whilst tho writers of tho second century can, at best, be but subordinate writers, on which we cannot impli citly rely. Among the authorities mainly relied upon by the author of the pamphlet to which Mr. Allwood has adverted, we find the names of Iretiams, Tertulliun, Cyprian, Origen, Eusebius, Basil, Damasus, Optatus, Jerome, Chrysostom, Augustine, Cyril, Theodoret, Vincent, and other early ecclesiastical writers. Now'as it wits put of the power of any one, or all of these -writers, to havo ascertained the prerogatives and discipline of the original apostolic churches, their testimony must be received with considerable limitations. among other things wanting are the contuiujiy of consent, and the primary and connecting link n the chain of evidence. Irenaeus is the earliest authority quoted by Mr. Allwood's opponent, but is ho flourishedffcto hi the second century, as he ilways asserts the paramount authority of tho Scriptures, as he affirms Polycarp, the disciple of St. John, to have reported all things agreeably to tho Scriptures, it is evident that ho believed the Scriptures to be supreme in matters of faith and discipline ? not tradition to have been another standard of Christian apostolic doctrines. . By both Irenaeus and Tertullian, tradition was ac counted only as an evidence subsidiary, to tho Scriptures ; 'it was cited in proof that tlie Scrip tures were really written by those,to. whom they were attributed; by neither was it elevated to the rank assigned to it in the discussion before us. The opinion of Tertullian on this point has been so fully proved by a living :Prelate to have been conformable to. our twentieth article, and opposed to the Itonian Catholiu notion, that wo ? ' need add but very little thereto, for it is very ? evident that in many passages cited from tho early Fathers in support of traditidn, they meant tho doctrines delivered down in tho sacred writings — not those to which modern appeal has . been so forcibly made. Tho other authorities enumerated in the above list flourished at a much' later period, and there is consequently a great chasm which cannot bo supplied, and a failure in tracing at any one period tho uncontaminated descent of tradition from tho Apostles, which entirely subverts the very foundation upon which ' the high authority claimed for it is built. We confess that we do not like tho idea ot referring to the same authorities cited by our Romanist brethren in support of tradition, and of quoting texts in common with them to justify its pretensions. If their words bo admitted, how imperceptibly may Protestants glide into Popery ! Tradition should always be received with great caution ; it has ever been the engine by which the commandments of man have been set in opposition to the revelations of God. It was tho tool which enabled the Jews to wrest and wrench the Scriptures from their obvious interpretation; it was the tool by which many of the early heretics forced the gospels to their purpose. Why should it not be so again, if it be equalised with the written word? What tradition has performed for the Roman Catholics, it may per form for others. Mr. Allwood bus obviously perceived this difficulty, and after referring to the evidence of Clemens Romanus, Ignatius, and Polycarp, he deems it necessary to dwell in very cautious terms upon tho degree of authority duo ? to the writings of the Fathers who succeeded them. In addition to the very qualified opinion of St. Augustine as to the excessive reliance upon the authority of the Fathers, Mr. Allwood thus offers his own sentiments with regard to them : — ' In appealing to these early Fathers, wo do not regard them as ultimate authority. We look upon them collectively as witnesses to certain facts or truths held by the Church iu their age. Like ourselves individually they wero but fallible men. We regard their opinions with deference, whon we read of their zeal, and self- denial, and devotion; but we look upon tho sentiments of any one Father upon a point on which he differs from, or has not the consent of, the other orthodox Fathers of the Church, as private sentiments — wo attach to them no authority. So in the caso before us, if we find any one 'Father bearing testimony which may, af. first sight, seem to be favourable to the claim of Rome, unless his testimony be confirmed by the consenting voice of the whole Church, wo at once recognise a private opinion, and not a Catholic verity.' Now we do not deny tho pro priety of bringing arguments and examples from the concurrent testimony of the Fathers, in ordor . to illustrate ecclesiastical rites and discipline ; nay, we perhaps admit that it is a medium of proof, of all others tho most unquestionable, tho least liable to any practices of fraud, and that it is not diminished by the lapse of ages. Dr. Paley, in establishing his first proposition with reference to' the allusions made by the early Fathers to tho historical books of the New Tes tament, thus illustrates the value of concurrent testimony: — 'Bishop Burnet, in the history of his own times, inserts various extracts from Lord Clarendon's history. One such insertion is a proof that Lord Clarendon's history was extant at tho time when Bishop Burnet wrote, that it had been read by Bishop Burnet, that it was received by Bishop Burnet as a work of Lord Clarendon, and also regarded by him as an authentic account of the transactions which it relates ; and it will be a proof of these, points a thousand years hence, or as long as the books exist. Quinctilian having quoted as Cicero's, that ? well-known trait of dissembled vanity, ' Si quid , est in hio ingenii, judices, quod sentis quam sit '? ex/r/uum,' the quotation would bo strong evi dence, -were there any doubt that the oration which opens with this address actually came from Cicero's pen. We agree both with Mr. Allwood and Dr. Paley that theso instances, however simple, may serve to. point out to those little accustomed to such researches, the nature and '* value of the argument, but we cannot help wish ing that Mr. Allwood had confined himself to tho authorities of St. Clement,. St. Polycarp, and St. Ignatius, and left our Romanist brethren all tho vantage ground they claimed from the writings of those Fathers vye have before named. If we compare tho writings of tho Apostles and tho Apostolic Fathers, with tho primitive Christian Fathers (beginning with Irenaeus), we instantly perceive that we have passed the boundary of inspiration — we perceive the writers to be mero fallible beings ; aud traditions descending to us through such a channel cannot, therefore, be put into competition with the inspired documents. We have observed above, that inspiration cannot even be assigned to St. Clement, and to prove this, we may instance his notice of tho phoenix— not merely as illustrative of the resur rection, but as asserting the existence of that fabulous bird as an established fact in natural history! How much less, then, can inspiration be assigned to those who lived at a later period ? We might select innumerable instances, did our spaco allow us, to prove that if the early Fathers aro to be claimed by either the Church of ling land or the Church of Rome, us the traditive interpreters of ecclesiastical rites and discipline, the best refutation would be in a selection of their interpretations. If Iremcus, by some called the disciple of Polycarp, who in this case ought to have known the truth, asserted, for the sake of establishing a fanciful theory, in illustration of Johii-vm., 57, that our Lord must have nearly reached his 50th year at the time of his cruci fixion — to make out which, contrary to the express declaration of the four Evangelists, he interpo- lated more than fifteen years between his baptism and the commencement of his ministry — of what authority can he be in matters of tradition ? If such a distinguished man as Origen bore testi mony to tho authenticity of that notorious for gery, the apocryphal Epistle of Barnabas, whoso, misrepresentations of the Levitical law, cabalis tical nonsense, aud monstrous blunders, abun dantly refute it, how can he be trusted with regard to orally traditive communications ! If Tertullian asserted that the baptismal waters were medicated through the medium of an angel ; and if, in allusion to a well-known fanciful acrostic — Ixd'tnj — we continually find lxthvec, or places, or pisciculi, applied to the' Christians, and piscina to the fount, now can we trust a dealer in such frivolities to hand down to us any rules of discipline or of life ? If Chrysostom called the baptism of fire the superabundant grace of the spirit, whilst Basil and Theophilus called it the fire of hell ; if Cyril, Jerome, and others described it as the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, whilst Hilary declared it to be a fire that the righteous must pass through at the day of judgment ; if, we say, these distin- , guished men thus received such foolish and con flicting traditionary fictions, ought we not to be careful how we cite them as custodiers of tradi tion of a purer nature ; or as authorities as to the rites, aud discipline, and privileges of our Church ?-. In thus expressing our opinion, that Mr. All wood has devoted too much space in bringing forward the concurrent testimony of the Fathers, we cannot, however, refrain from adding that ho has displayed extensive research in a curious, although not very profitable branch of religious history, and we much regret that our necessarily circumscribed space, has not permitted us to accompany him through the interesting fields ho has opened; not that our readers would have found any novelty in our comments, for Mr. Allwood's skill in extracting the striking points of his original authorities has left little to be gleaned by those who may follow in his steps, and we should havo been subjected to the un avoidable disadvantage of a comparison with the accomplished author. We have, likewise, been compelled- to refrain from paying a due tribute to the attractive graces of the style, and tho literary' execution of the design; but we hope we have said enough to awaken attention to these Lec tures generally, and to the importance of the subject which they so ably illustrate. 