DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. ENGLAND. By way of Hobart Town we have English Intelligence to December 16th. As there is no news of importance, and we have already published home news to the 15th, our extracts must stand over. The Income Tax was working much better than expected, and affairs generally were improving. THE WETHERS sent per Lillias to Hobart Town, realised 18s. per head. The Court of Requests opens on Monday next. Dry Dock. — A very important addition has just been made to the accommodation of the port of Melbourne by the construction of a dry dock. This valuable work, which has been formed, with the sanction of the Government, by Mr. James Kell, ship- wright, is near his yard on the south side of the Yarra, at Melbourne. It is one hundred and twenty feet in length, thirty- five feet wide, and contains nine feet depth of water, so that any vessel capable of coming up the Yarra can be repaired there. The Vesta is now undergoing repairs in the dock, and the Aphrasia will be placed on the stocks as soon as the repairs of the Vesta are complete. Our Untried Resources.— It is not usual with us to blow a trumpet at one part of our paper to attract attention to another, but knowing that there are many readers (especially among those for whom the articles are intended) who rarely peruse "leading articles," we beg to direct their observation to the series of articles which regularly appear in this journal upon the undeveloped, or untried resources of this colony. New Export. — The importance of our imports exceeding our exports makes us anxious to report every opportunity of supporting the portals of commerce. There is an article extensively grown, and in the bush particularly well known, which though much cultivated and protected, as an article of export is utterly neglected ; the article we allude to is indigenous — its locality is both faceial and vertiginous ; and though its growth is often in a most unrestrained condition, many consider its length more barbarous than its demolition. The hirsute appendages, which in long untrammelled luxuriance obesify the collars, — or quadrumanize the checks, —the mental appendages which descend in patriarchal amplitude, or from the labial promontory point like intellectual monitors to the seat of the moral faculties, — all are so many superfluities of luxury which might be dispensed with, producing the manifest advantage of an open countenance. Upon a very accurate computation it is estimated that there is annually suffered to grow to waste not less than twenty-four thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine lbs. and three- quarters of the material ; which, at the moderate average of one shilling per lb., would add £1,239 9s. 9d. to our colonial resources. It is to be hoped so Capital a speculation will not be cut off by improvidence. The present indeed are not Clipping times, and the colony has had a Hair- breadth escape from ruin ; wherefore it is right that every Head of the colonists should contribute to the proposed Poll-tax, least we come to a dead Lock. "What ho! Brabantio Signior Brabantio ho !" — The above quotation had scarcely escaped from the lips of Mr. Thomas Hodge, on Wednesday last, when a rush was made on the stage door of the theatre by the aforesaid Thomas, and a man with unwashed face named Blair, who having made their way without opposition to the O.P. side of the stage, Mr. Hodge soliloquised, " Thus far into the bowels of the land have we marched on without im- pediment, "and drawing forth a dirty piece of paper from the crown of his hat, facetiously designated it a "distress warrant," whereby he, the said Thomas Hodge, on behalf of the Insolvent Court, levied upon all the goods, chattels, effects, con- tained in the said theatre, for the small sum of £500 then due and owing to the said Thomas Hodge or his trustees, for rent, and was proceeding to take an in- ventory of divers helmets, swords, crowns, sceptres, &c.;, &c.;, when, lo! a yell "that transfixed him to the spot" was heard, and through the "vampire trap" appeared, not the ghost of Hamlet, but John Stephen, Esq., accompanied with a well known Dog- berry and other sprites, who with real melo-dramatic effect seized the said Thomas Hodge and his assistant, and driving them at the point of wooden dagger, descended into the regions below, when the unlucky Thomas was handed over to a constable, and having been provided with a gratuitous night's lodging, was on the following day charged before Major St. John at the P.O. with this O.P. row and with being a vagrant, and having trespassed upon the theatre with intent to annoy the said John Stephen, without any probable cause or claim. When Thomas was called upon for his defence, he said he was Kean's carpet bag, or at least that he formerly carried Kean's — the immortal Kean's carpet bag. These circumstances had their weight upon the bench, who dismissed the charge, but assured Thomas on a repetition of the offence he would be punished with three months' imprisonment under the vagrant act. Merchandise.— The sale of merchandise advertised to take place by Mr. A. H. Hart at his mart, Collins-street, yesterday, was postponed till to-day, at eleven P.M.,in con- sequence of the goods not being landed from the ship in time for Friday's announce- ment. 