i0lidxellanfoii5> CACTION. TO Travellixo H-BANDS — - A tritdesnian of Rqapne in the- Loire, tra- veiling, some davs ago to Lyons, with n. : bag fulf containing 2;0G9f,, td-be laid out for purchases for his establishment, bach . - fur his only companion in Jiie dilurence»a young arid lively young woman of pretty ' face and- agreeable person. From the tisuatj gallant compliments upon her beauty and attractions, warmer expressions were used, and, at iengtri by mutual agreement, the enamoured pair/ towards the evening,, made up their minds to alight . at an inn. on the road, and save theuiselves the fa- tigue of passing, the night in the coach.. (>n entering the bouse, the Roarinais -ave ' his bag. of money to the laridloni. ordered a delicate supper, and a chamber; to be prepared for himself and' his wife. jAfteitf enjoying their meal, the happy pair refci ed.. Rather . early in the mornings madam- came down, and obtained the bag from the- landlord, by saying thuther busband was indisposed, and would remain In bed whiles she went into the town to make, some pur- - chases. After the lapse of an hour, the traveller himself appeared, and asked tile- landlord/ for his money. Mine host in-: formed him that he had already given it to his wife. " Wife/' exclaimed tbe astourided gay deceiver she was no wife of mine,, rind you and she have combined to rob- ;me !" 'Ibis was loo much for honeat Boni«; face to bear. He therefore retorted by lending fop an officer of justice; ami gave-; |bis guest? in charge as a- cheat who wanteds )t.o extort money, in league with the wo mat) who- has never since . made ber tip-; ipearance.- The deluded man of Roannq, was committed to prison and might have remained there a long time, had not bis- true and lawful wife heard of bis disaster; (rind come to his release, and ' appeasing =the landlord by paying for the ; bed arid board of her frail and errant spouse kn et her temporary substitute.— -French Paper. A Gbost- Outwitted.— -A short time '. 1 ago a joke, too good not to be narrated, was played upon a1 jolly, old worthy at one- of our inns, in the town of ' r. This scion of the Bacchanalian school, be it understood, laid siege to- the bottle and barrel for several days Some of bis red nosed companions being aware of the cir-' cumstance, and thinking that be was do ing it rather too hard, agreed to trying att experiment to frighten him into a more :sober way. Night being fixed upon ;for ;the joke, awav they went to the inn des.- riribed, and there they found bis worship- fin a back parlour, quite intoxicated arid fast asleep. Whilst in this- apparently .happy state he was taken and placed fnlfc length inside a coffin, which had been procuredi for the j ib. Having slept in this receptacle for the dead for some three or- four hours, he awoke, and upon raising;; : himself up he gazed about him first on oria- side of the coffin, and then on the other; muttering to himself as he viewed the trie- lancholy piece of furniture, 'where atn Where have I gotten to?' Whilst ' in the act of saying so, a .tall portly looking figure, shrouded in a white sheet, walked- from a. large cupboard, and, on marching up to the box, faintly whispered' you are- dead/ 'Dead!' said the disciple of Bac chus, fixing his eyes stedfastly upon the object before himj 'Ay, an' boo laing hao- I been dead?' 'A week, answered the ghost. 'An are you dead too?' Yes, replied the spectre. 'Hech sirs, and hoo Jang hae ye been dead, L say,' 'A fort night,' said the ghost. 'Here, then, lad/ responded 'the interrogator, putting his hand into his pocket, 'ye ken -this- place .'better than I. .do, bring twa boltals o'yill I bis was too good for the ghost, and be fore he could get out of the room, he- burst into an im moderate fit of laughter;. — Glasgow. Paper. The Flag of- Englandi— Not a port have I visited, sioce I left America, that IT did not see the flag of England. It was the first I saw on entering the waters of .France ; it was the only one floating in ' the ancient harbour of Rome, at Civita Vecchia. Again, I savv it in the deserted harbour of the Piraeu, where once rode the 'fleets of Themistccles. I first saw tba jdome and- minarets of Constantinople from. rieneatbiR cloud of cannon smoke tliat is sued from a British line of battle ship saluting- the Mahomedan ally. of Britain. J The -fir&t; object that raWniy eye on scaling the summit of the Pyramids was the cross of St. George, which pme English trae veller had plauted there. Beyond , the cat- tracts, oh the borders of the desert of Nu bia, the only sign of civilization, that i saw was the English, cross flying from the i nast of a travellers' boat. Here, oa> the- .extreme vergeof civilization, I stood before this. emblem, of the universal presence of .that nation j and in those lawless regions it gave me a pleasing sense of security to« tind tnysslf so near a representative of that ; ower beneath whose broad aegis there it i protection abroad for the most bumble fugitive from violence and 'niiro<t«inn.-M: American Traveller's JournaL 