SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ' ''LOCAL INTELLIGENCE— We are enabled to con tradict the gratuitous statement which appeared in Wednesday's Register, namely, that neither the Elizabeth Buckham. nor the Joseph Albino. ' brought out any Despatches for his Excellency the Governor,' or, if any, at least none 'of import- ance.' His Excellency received Despatches from Lord Stanley by both vessels ; but it would be premature for us to pronounce an opinion upon their contents. ? If our conttmporary is in a posi tion ,to do so, why tell the public that the Gover nor did not receive any Despatches ? and if he have not received any, it needed no ghost to tell us that they were not of the, lenst .importance. With out, however, breaking^ the seal of confidence, we may inform our contemporary that his Excellency's Despatches contain the gratifying and, important informatiou that all l\is Excellency's drafts have been honoured by the .Home Government; one consequence of which is, that J.ie of the banks has tendered for the purchase of his Excellency's bills, and the tender has been accepted.— Adelaide Observer, July I. . ' .:'?..-:?', ? ? The Colonial Government has concluded arrange ments with Mr. Solomon for the occupancy of the Queen's Theatre for three years' at a rental ol £200 per annum ; and it is to be forthwith con verted into a suit of rooms for the Resident Magis- trates C'ourt; the Supreme Court: the Registrar General's 'office ; the Advocate General's office ; the Assistant Crown Solicitor and Assistant to the Bench. of Magistrate's office; and the Judges Chamber. The alterations are to be made accord- ing to specification, at Mr. Solomon's expense, and to ' be' completed on or before the 22nd instant.-:— Ibid. ',' ' ? Mr. Jackson' the late Colonial Secretary, was escorted to the Port, on -Thursday last, by a num ber of his admirers and friends : and he has since embarked on board the Terror for Sydney, in order to testify the high estimation in which he was held by them during his four yean' sojourn in South Australia, Mr. Jackson's late colleagues and friends subscribed a handsome sum of money for the purchase of a - piece of plate which was presented to liim previous to his departure. — Ibid. .'Mil.1 MonTFFionu AT'Adblaidb. — If Jacob Montefiore, Esq., one of the late Board of Com missioners' for the Province of 'South Australia, had 'been n Chinese mandarin,' or the Celestial Emperor himself, he could not have been welcomed to these :i shores by more signal honours, or hnd more -marked attention ? shown him during -.his temporary sojourn amongst ui. Besides the pub lic dinner at the Queen's Theatre, by a large body of Jhe older colonists, he has been feted at the private tesidences of most of the respectable, set tlers, and escorted to several' of: the country dis tricts. Mr. Montenore has expressed himself hiehlv gratified with all he has seen and heard, and we understand he has voluntered to advocate the interest* of the colony on his return to Kngland. A few such enlightened and intelligent men paying us occasional visits, en route, to the Mother country, would soon be the means of inducing a larger investment of capital and exportation of labour, all thut are now wanted to make South Australia to go ahead. — Ibid. ' An 80-acre section on tbe Murray was raffled for by twenty-five gentlemen, on tHe twenty-first of June,! at the Shakspeare Tavern. The chances were two guineas each, and Mr. Archer, the wine merchant, was the winner. The. losers wished themselves ' better luck the next time.'— Ibid. ? Amongst the arrivals by -the Elizabeth Ruchham we notice ithe. names of Mr.Thomas, steplirothei to his ; Excellency the Governor;, Mr. Phillips, brother;to Mr. H. Phillips, the merchant ;: and Mr. .Trimmer, -brothen of E. Trimmer, Esq., of North Adelaide.— Ibid. ;;?-?'?.?? - We, are gratified to hear that the Governor's recent .Despatches arc of an encouraging nature. Hia Excellency's drafts for the emigiauts have, been honoured, and hchas been authorised. still to draw on the Hpme; Government. His drafts to a considerable amount have been tendered for by 'one of our Bnnks.— Southern Australian, :Jult/ 4. .?','- Expedition to tub North. — The Surveyor General sets out to day on his northern expe dition of discovery. He takes with him six or seven men to attend the drays, &c;, and we under stand will be joined by several volunteers. His Excellency .the .Governor, and Mr. Thomas, his stcp-b-other.i(who arrived by the Elizabeth Buck hamj, will accompany' the expedition, but it is uncertain 'how far they will proceed with it. Of course the operations will be greatly determined by, circumstances, but the grand object Is under stood to beto determine the geography of Luke Torreus, on, its eastern and north-eastern shores. ! ?rom ;ihe ability. .and equipments , of, the party engaged in this important and most interesting ' Jndertaking, great results arc anticipated, which kc earnestly trust will be fully realised.— -Ibid. ,..-, 