ENGLISH EXTRACTS. THE RIOT AT COVENT GARDEN THEA- THE Never since the celebrated OF riot has a theatre been the scene of such uproar and dire confusion, as Covent garden was on Monday night last. The occasion of this row was the first appearance of Mr. Gregory, in the character of Hamlet. For the last week the play bills of Covent-garden have contained the following announcement :-" The public is respectfully informed, that the negociation which had been entered upon with the late management having been carried out by the present one, Mr. Gregory, whose various performances with the Shakspearian Club, and on several other occasions, have attracted general attention, and excited the enthusiasm of all who have witnessed them, will appear (for the first time on this stage), on Monday, February 13, in Hamlet ;" and on Monday morning the metropolis was placarded with bills calling upon " the gentlemen of London" to remember that Sir. Gregory, who was to appear as Hamlet at Covent-garden, was no other than Mr. Barnard Gregory, the editor of the Satirist newspaper. From the placard, it was evident that it was intended to make an attempt to drive Mr. Gregory from the stage, and we went to the theatre expecting a row, but we certainly did not anticipate anything like the uproar and confusion which actually took place. Long before the drawing up of the curtain the pit was densely filled, and the first circle crowded. The dress boxes to the observer showed symptoms of something strange to come, for there was not half a dozen ladies to be seen, and in the upper circles bonnets were few and far between. The first scene was allowed to pass quietly enough ; there was a suppressed whisper, however, heard among the audience, just such as precedes the terrific gush of a whirlwind-the whirlwind was not long at the heels.' | In walks Mr. Gregory, as Hamlet, and up rises the people in the pit with one accord. Never did we hear such a torrent of human voice such a mad yell of passion issue from an infuriated mob as greeted him from all parts of the house. intermixed with savage execrations were the cheers of Mr. Gregory's partisans, and the individual expressions of opinion \- such as " Go it Gregory," "Bravo," " Off, off," accompanied with a simultaneous corresponding motion of the hundreds of hands, giving the effect and mass motion of one of the Acts AND GALATEA choruses. Towering above all in the pit rose some bank, tall figure, who seemed to be the genius of the storm ; did it fall for a moment-his stentorian lungs rallied them to the terrific onslaught ; did it roar at its height-his voice seemed borne above all. Isolated little groups, more remote than the rest, had their particular cries ; under a three-and- elevcn-penny gossamer, we detected a roaring lion ; there a donkey in a macintosh braying like bricks. Nor were all these cries confined to the pit. The boxes now and then took the lead in the row, and-" Who stole the poodle ?" " Who stole the ring ?" " Liar, slanderer, tra dancer," and a score more epithets, not fit for cars police, were showered towards the stage. One would think the very gush of so many hostile breaths would have driven the Hamlet from the stage. But no there he stood : his eyes shut, and the only motion in him the working of his jaw, indicated by the twitching of his pointed beard. Well he stood his ground : he did not quail an inch and alter bow- ing to the general confusion, he proceeded with his part. It was the merest pantomime, however-not a word was heard and the Ghost walked in and walked off, without hearing the sound of his own sepulchral voice-the soliloquy as it should be, was only spoken to himself. The uproar, however, continued, whether Hamlet was on or off - the only difference being, that it increased in intensity whenever he made his appearance bursting out stronger and more fearfully whenever his action in the play was more than ordinary great; in this particular he was watched like some writhing victim of a beast of prey. The applauded seemed by this time to have been tired out, and the noes had it all their own way ; whenever they attempted a rally, the savage yell rose and drowned it in an instant. It was now evident to all that the temper of the house was not to be shaken and Mr. Bartley, who was playing Polonius, came forward to the footlights to address the audience a long time, however he had to wait before he could be heard, and then he spoke as follows :-' Gentlemen : It certainly cannot be either the wish or the intention of any person connected with this large property to do anything which may be contrary to the desire of the public and from what I have seen, I have no doubt that it is the wish of the majority of those present that this play should not proceeded great shout, together with cries of " Turn out Gregory to " Go on ! go on !" " No, no !" Where's Bunn s")Mr. Bunn, gentlemen, is not in the theatre ; he is confined by indisposi- tion to his own house and in his absence, I take the responsibility upon myself." Here again the whirlwind was at its height. Poor Bartley's good- humoured face was slightly shaded with vexation and anger that they would not come to any arrangement. At last, however, in rather a higher and more irritable tone, he shouted out " Gentlemen, is it your pleasure this play should proceed?" He had hardly finished before Mr. Gregory, who, during this time, had been shutting his eyes, and wailing, with folded arms, started forward, and with a-Here-ril-scttlc-thc matter sort of a motion, stepped into his place, and attempted to address the audience. The noise, however, raved with a hundredfold fury at this proceeding, and two gentlemen in the left hand stage box leant forward and addressed him, at the same time pointing at him with their fingers. This was acknowledged by the actor by walking up to the box and point- ing his finger over the left, a proceeding, no doubt, of much significance, which the two gentlemen answered by shaking their fists and making use of some contemptuous expressions. This balcony scene having lasted about a quarter of an hour, and the house still refusing to listen to the voice of the I charmer, he proceeded with the mist mime. The falling of the drop scene of some resting time to the sucking voices in the pit. On the re-appears of Hamlet the row again commenced deepening at times into a redoubled fury!' and Bartley at length, seeing that the house would not have it, came forward for the second time, and managed to struck in between mingled cheering and hissing. the following :-" Gentlemen, it is Z wish, placed as I am in a very difficult situation, to do that which you would wish to see done, and it is my " did and deliberate opinion that it is, your desire that this play should not proceed. 1 have hitherto suffered it to go on out of respect to the face ings of an individual who may naturally be supposed to have some interest in the, matter, but I now feel it to be my duty not to suffer this temple of the drama to be (Here the uproar was so great as to" prevent our hearing the conclusion of the sentence; several voices, however, filled up the hiatus by shouting out, "noT lifted.") Mr. Gregory had, meantime' returned to the middle of the stage and folding his arms, looked daggers at Bartley, who, finding that he could come to no arrangement with the audience while Mr. Gregory remained before them very adroitly ordered the curtain to be let down, which very narrowly skimming the player's nose, cut him off amid a general shout from the greater part of the audience Bartley then explained to the audience that the actors engaged in the ballet not having arrived, he begged they would allow him to substitute in the interval the farce of COUSIN LAMBKIN. The curtain according rose for COUSIN LAMBKIN ; but now the tables were turned, the friends of Mr Gregory were loud in their calls for that gentleman, and in their expressions of dis- approbation, Bartley seeming to be the especial object of their indignation, while those who in the early part of the evening had been so uproarious, having now obtained their object, and giving three groans for Gregory, remained perfectly quiescent. So perseveringly was this new version of the " G Gregorian chant," as a contempt. tary calls it, kept up, that COUSIN LAMB. KIN, fierce HAMLET, was acted in dumb show. Auber's overture to the MAID OF CASH M VUE, seemed to solve the two parties into one, and the ballet went off with no other unfavourable expressions of dissent (from the audience. In conclusion, we would remark that the conduct both of actor and audience marked a steady determination to maintain the position taken. There was nothing flinching of time in the appearance of Mr. Gregory, but he stood as firm when the curtain descended upon him, as he would have stood had he been among a circle of admirers. There was nothing irresolute in the conduct of the audience there was no attempt to make a jest of the affair; but, with a bitterness which is seldom seen in a theatre, they steadily worked out their purpose, which was the premature descent of the curtain. Let the contend- ing parties settle who was right and who was wrong-we hope that such another scene will not occur within the walls of Covent-garden theatre. PAS DE DEux. We read Hint Fanny 1 Eissler is announced both at Covent Gar- Eden and her Majesty's Theatre, to appear on the same night. We cannot make this I out-unless it is, as Sibthorpe tells us, I that Fanny is going to dance in two pieces. 1 -Punch. I 