AN AMERICAN RAILROAD. "I made uequainlanco with an Ameri-<*> can railroad, on this occasion. for the first time. As these works are pretty much alike all through the Stales, their general characteristics are easily described. " There are. no first and secrind-elass carriages as with us, but there is a gentle men's car, and a ladies' car ; tin* main (iifcliitrtion between which is, that, in the first everybody Muokes, «ud in the second nobody does. As a Mack man never tra vels with a white one, (hero is also a ricpro car, «vhic)i is a great Plundering i I'imsy rhost, bucli ;.s fJullivt-r put lo soa in I'roiti the Uinplnni of lirohdinag. 'i'l)«.'ro is a great do.il oCjollinp, ii pival <le;il of roiso, .1 great deal of wall, not inm-'i wii) <li>*', a lucomolive <.'!.ginc a shriek, aii.i .1 •• Ihn curv. are like sh;ibl«y omnibuses, 1.-tit larger, Ixililirg thirty, forty, ;ii;<l fifty jwo}<lff. <nu.>MMU,iusteadof<Ur«.*t(>liiii a !;fraiii une end to ih« other, are. jil-nvj rrn.ss v :-;.•. Tarh seal Ix'ids Jwo j«t«<l]s. 'iheiv ij. a long row of them <m each side of the <ni;ivan, a ur.rrow j>a;,.vdj;e \i:> lkcnii.'.il]>% jiici a door at bolli onds. In the cmliv "f th? rarrirfco ihore is usually « stove, l\ >1 nnl> (hnronui or aillliivu'ile co:il, u iiich is {'•r tl.f n.ost |iari. red hot. Il is itiMilll-r -blily close, and m:u ue the hot air llir.'.er ing between yourself and any other object you may happen to look at, like the ghost of smoke. " In the ladien' car there are a great many gentlemen who have ladies with them. There are also a great many ladies who have nobody with them ; for any lady may travel alone from one end of the j United States to the other, and be sure of i the most courteous and considerate treat ment everywhere. Tim conductor, or checktaker, or guard, or whatever he may be, wears no uniform. He walks up and down the car, and in and out of it, as his fancy dictates ; leans against the door with his hands in his pockets, and stares at you, if you chance to be a stranger ; or enters into conversation with the passcu- I gers about him. A great many newspapers I are pulled out, and a lew of them are | read. Everybody talks to you, or to any body who hits his fancy. U you are an Englishman he expects that that railroad is pretty much like an English railroad. If you say ' No,' he says ' Yes V (interroga tively) and asks iu what respect they differ. You enumerate the heads of dif ference, one by one, and he says, ' Yes ?' (still interrogatively) to each. Then he guesses that you don't travel faster in England ; and on your replying that you do, says ' Yes ?' again (slill Lucrroga tivoly), and, it is quite evident, don't be lieve it. After a long pause he remarks, partly to you, and partly to the knob on the top of his stick, ' That Yankees are reckoned to be considered of a go-a-head people too ;' upon which yuu say • Yes ;' and then lie says * Yes,' again (affirma tively this time); and upon your looking; out of the window tells you that behind that hill, and some three miles from the next station, there is a clever town, in a smart 10-ca-tion, whore, ho expects, you have concluded to stop. Your answer in the negative naturally leads to inoie ques tions in reference to your intended route (always pronounced rout:) and wherever you are going you invariably learn ihat yo;j can't get there without immense difficulty and danger, and that all the great sights are somewhere else. " If a lady take a fancy to any male passenger's seat, (he gentleman who ac companies her gives him notice of the fact, and he immediately vacates it with great politeness. Politics ar<; much dis enssed, so are banks, so is cotton. Quiet people avoid the question of the Presi dency, for there will hi; a new election in three-years-and-a-half, and party feeling runs very high ; the great constitutional feature of this institution being, that di rectly the acrimony of the last election is over, the acrimony of the next ore be gins ; which is an unspeakable comfort to all strong politicians and true lovers of their country, that is to say, to ninety nine men and boys out of every ninety nino-and-a.-«marter." 