OATHS AND DECLERATIONS INSULTING TO THE CATHOLICS. -a (From the True Tablet.) fhow oCais TitBit TO B PioPLss CALLED DISSENTERS 1" " PARSONS: 4' Amongst all the qualities for which the Church, as by law established, is distinguished from every other body of men in the world, the quality of coo,. auca esrvu stands very conspicuous; a Church Parson always argues with you, and talks with you, as if you admitted in limine, that his Church is the only true Church of Christ now in the world." Cobtert's Legacy to Parsons. To the Most Reverend and Right Reverend their Graces and Lordships, tine Archbiriops and Bishops and Prelates of the Catholic Hierarchy, and all the illustrious Catholic Clergy, not of the British Islands alone, but of India and the West Indies, of Canada, Gibraltar, Australia, the Coast of Africa, and of every other part of tire British, Empire all over the world. Cloisters of Wectminster Abbey, Dec. 21, 1042. ILs.uarmtous, long persecuted, and still perse cuted Prelates, and other Catholic Ministers of God : I deem it to be quite right, In order that it may be in unison with the profoundly reverentialspirit in which I, a Protestant layman, presume to offer you counsel on matters relating to spiritual con cerns, in the very first place to sanctify this address by the introduction of the language of tite Sacred Scriptures; and therefore, in tte words of St. Paul in his Epistle to the Romans, I say, " Grace to you, and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ. " Pirst, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world. "I long to see you, that I may impart unto you aomu spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established; SThat is, that I may be comfurted together with you, BY THE MUTUAL FAITH no1tH OF YOU 4Nr are." An now, ye sanctified and persecuted ministers of the living God; persecuted, but more deeply sanctified U. the persecution, I, from there antique solemn cloisters, call your deepest attention to the subject of the Petition which I last year had pro. sented from me to the House of Commons, praying for the abolition, by Act of Parliament, of tihe bale. ful and blasphemous oaths and declarations that your sacrificeof the Mosatv, and your Invocation of Saints are superstitious and idolatrous, and tending to the eternal damnation of your own souls, and those of all other Catholics all over the world. I have selected these solemn cloisters as the place from whence to address you on this solemn subject, because, in my lonely musing, they so forcibly bring to my memory, as I gase from them on the venerable and mighty pile of the Abbey, how in days of old your Church was despoiled* through the lust of a tyrant king, and the rapacity of a bandit aristocracy, his accomplices. I have for this reason selected the place, and I have selected as the time the approach of that most hallowed festival, when the religious sentiments cf your people will be most fervid, and consequently its sensibility to religious persecution and insult most vivid and vital. A copy of the Petition presented from me was, with some slight alteration of form, lately published in the Titus rAnt~n, the universally.admitted organ of the Catholics of the British Empire. Ye sanctified ministers of Chirat, supported by the voluntary contributions of the flocks of which you are the ever- watching shepherds, in some one of my former writings I recollect that I described the compulsory payment of tithes to the Protestant Church by the Catholics, as " a blood-incarnadined robbery, perpetrated in the name, not of the devil, but of God. The form of expression is a strong one; but although I do not, nor cannot retract it, I do not repeat it here a but I would assuredly repeat it if I were addressing laymen and not clergymen. As an example, what value, I would ask, had been given by my Church to the Catholics, who were savagely slaughtered for tithes at ensanguined Ratheormae, in the " island of sorrow," Ireland; savagely slaughtered under the very eye of ""s+' t To take forms of cepression from Froissart and Shakspere, the sons of the widow " were killed right horribly" by ***** and " his bloody-huntaug slaughtermen." But, I repeat it for the thousandth time, if tithes, and the insult to your graces and lordships of the Catholic Hierarchy, by the deprivation by statute of your titles, and all the other outrages and grievances and insults of which the Catholics have to complain, were at this moment put an end to, unless that abolition, which is prayed, for by my Petition, be also granted, the Catholic subjects of this empire would be still only what they are; and what are tthey t Why, trampled slaves; persecuted, huffeted, spitten upon, and plundered; sad all this while they are mocked with the fantartle osme of 'C emancipated I" Emanclpsted, forsootls I because lthey have obtained that Instalmeint of religious and dcivi liberty, the Catholic Rellet 131l111l Thea Jews wagged their tongues at Christ oar Redeemer, sod spst uporg hlm; and after thay had scourged him, and just before they compelled him io carry his own cross to Miount Calvary for hit own buee.o"Asd mthenet ttsLla arltorehar phrotete oauta ahridhe taintms, tt and tr obltin;caytails hoenir protested agtso theeirs bmtghb to h faisottirtwhao rthe ower.'ures tauthoto ettgethe r t titolrtm or dhemntobadbleen tieIauilsb thei tIthes, frmgenerato nto genersthso -Oistbottfs C~acy IoPar'isos, crucifixion, they mocked him, and in mockery hailed him as their king, because they had put a ieed imo his hand for a sceptre, and had encircled his head with a diadem of thorns I Are you, you ministers of Christ, and of the Father and the Holy Ghost, not mocked and spittea upon while you are nickoamed " EmaDcipated" Catholics 1 Illustrious and venerated and long.peisecuted Prelates, and other sacred Priests of the " Most Highest," I, in deep humility, bearing steadily in memory the sanctification of the august body which I have the honour of addressing, but, at the sime time, with more than earnestness, with solemn fervour, I adjure you that you will deign to give me your hallowed co-operation. I intend to prepare another Petition at the com mencement of the next session of Parliament, and my mighty-leader, O'Connell, the moral regenerator, the organizer of peaceful victory, has promised me that he will present it for me to the House of Com mona. It will be presented by him whose sublime princi ple of moral warfare is, that "Tus MaN weo COM MITS A CRIME, t IVE STRENGTH TO THE 911MY.90 Now, illustrious ministers of God, the co-operation which, on your part, I reverentially solicit is this : That in every parish and in every district of the British Empire, all over the world, where there is a Catholic clergyman, a subject of her benign Majesty Queen Victoria, and that in every country of the world where there are Catholic British subjeets resi. dent, Petitions ahould be prepared and- forwarded for presentation to Parliament for the abolition of that iniquitous insult against which I have petitioned -petitioned in my mere individual character as a Protestant Friend to Religious Liberty, but keeping the subject in utter disseveration from anykind of political agitation whatever in any political society. " Multitudinous numbers of Catholics and liberal Protestants will, I hope, readily co-operate with me in my effort to remove this vile brand of religious slavery and degradation, who would decline alto gether to act with me, if I originated the matter in any political assembly of which I may happen to be a member. Venerated and persecuted brothers in Christ, in one of the Italian nsovelle, written by Nicholo IMacchlovelli, entitled " Belfagor," we are told that the monarch of hell, having ascertained that there were some imputations on the character and spirit of his government, convoked his council, and in a speech from the throne, after alluding to the no. favourable reports which were in circulation, for example, that the functionaries of hell were cruel and no great lovers of justice (crudeld e poeo amatori di gintarisia), he expresses his anxiety, that as had ever been the case in times past, so in the future hell might continue to be governed without any reproach on the spirit and conduct of its executive (unsa infaida ) " COOLs IMPUDENCE," as said by Cobbelt, "stands very conspicuous amongst the qualities for which the Church, as by law established, Is distinguished from every other body of men in the world;" and, indubitably, there is not more of calm quiet effrontery in the gravity of tile exprea. sion of solicitude for the good reputation of the government alluded to in the story, than there is in this, that the Protestant " Church, as by law established," should sanction those lying and aitro cious and impudent oaths and declarations, in the teeth of their metaphysical absurdity and ethical iniquity, while at the very same time, in plundering the Catholics, it sanctions such deeds of appalling and heart.freezing horror as the ghastly tithe-murders to which I have alluded, and perpetrated, as I have said, under the very eye of * * * * s under circumstances which, in the existing state of the law of libel, in commonplace prudence I forbear to describe. In the Douay Bible we read that " hall opened her mouth and expanded her soul"-and she was then precisely in a state, her " soul" being " ex. panded." to talk of the Tithe System in Irelands To conclude: I was residing in Rome in the year 1815, when Pope Pius VII., after his restora tion, had in Passion-weak, on the day of the Finc. eaon of the Miserere, in the Vatican, to fly to Bo. logos, lest he should be a second time made a pri. soner. Napoleon had escaped from Elba, and the arpsy of Murat, to which his Holiness had refused per mission to pass through Rome, was on its march from Naples to the north of Italy. On the day of his flight I was in the Capella Sistine, where Ite was expected, and which was crowded with visitors to Rome from every part of Europe. The Cardinals were seated in their places, and I listened to the wondrous hlliasrere, and gared upon that aublime picture of Michael Angelo, " The Universal Judgment," and, upon those other mar vellous creations of his genius, the frescoes on the ceiling of lthe .Siutinss, Ia about three, months after, it was my destiny, on my return to Ireland, after pasaing through Swit zerland end Germany, to roam among the wounded, the dying, and the dead, upon the gore-drenched, carnage-loaded Field of Waterloo, from which Na poleon, who had hold his Holiness in captivity at Avignon, was ltimtelf compelled .to fly, and, by a second seupendonus vicissitude in tlte affairs of-human natusre, to termisato hia awful existence as a prisoner upon solitary St. Helens, a volcanic rock, amidst the avild billows of the ocean. I revert to Pius VII. Ad ipasm Sanetioeitmum, her Prince and her Poe tiff; Itome his owni capital; the eternal city, the htoly city, was not at ftse time I apeak of even a plsce of refuge. - Ye sanctified minittera of Him that llreth for ovor and ever, of the Holy of Holies, I ask yon whether any part of the British Empire, or even of the world, -can be deemed to be a plece of moral refuge to any Catholic Britislh subject as long (leaving everything else out the question) as he is,- by the smobsllowed ordinsocea of the exiating law of-Esgisand, pnbllcly' branded, by solemnly- taken oaths anti teclaratlions, as idolatrous asthsuperstitlous, sod lmsthe way of eternal damnation in* hell fire, fer his faith in thaet mystery wltich Isis own snul- holds most sanctified, most eacro.sanctified in religion i Oh I whtat transcendent perfection of " cqooL mae 'usnaroc" - that person.,, themselves, professing, 'i by ithe mutual faith both of you oath -te,"-a -frm belief in the incomprelhonslblo Myiterles the Trinity, and of she Incarnation, should brand you~as Idohaters for your faitha Is another ltmcomprehenslhle mystery I 1, have the honour to remain, with profound re verence, your ever devoted aervant, TnomasTBisassasn, \- O'Cosnell's Head Pacificator in Ireland,. * We learn- from TIurin that the hamolet. -of Nosaette, In- Savoy, has-been almost enitirely. reduced to ashes, upwards ofislxty houses, including tie parsonage, having been burnit downr, leavring l1t0 families withsisue shelter or~ breaid,bs the wthole bar. vest, whlach wet in the baumsihat also beeni coo-. aumed. ~Thechuirchi lsmuch damagqd, aind narrowly, escapted totardestritsctlon.-.Trit, Tablet5 