THE GOVERNMENT BALL. From a Hobart Town Correspondent.) ' The IJiillerfly's ball and the grasshoppers feast Excited the spleen of the birds aud the beasts.' The Hegatta, or rather the Lieutenant Go vernor's fancy Dress Ball was one of the grandest spectacles ever witnessed in Van Uiemcn's Lund. Nothing of the kind ever came off.with such ccliit in this colony before. You will recollect that some of the inhabitants of this city pave a Ball to Sir Eardly Wilniot, on which occasion his Excellency gave a gene ral invitation to his inviters U- appear in fancy costume at Government House on the evening of the Regatta. The company consisted of. nearly COO persons, and presented such a ga laxy of beauty and splendour, that description must fail in giving an idea of the fete. It was ' the thitiir and nothing; but the thing ' The rooms at Government House were most taste fully arranged, which in the ahsence of Lady Wilmott was not to be expected ; hut report says, that the credit of this is due to the lady of a certain M.L.C., who kindly undertook the superintendence of those little matters of taste and ornament, that ladies so well understand, and which ludiesonly can manage as they ought to be mnna«red. The musical denartmcut was entrusted to the Messrs. Howson and Duly who acquitted themselves in their usual good style. — Henry Howson is au improving violinist, and shines in a ball-room, diutthe Dresses---How shall I describe the Dresses? There were nymphs, nuns, orange girls, broom girls, Savoyards, Tyrolese, highlauders, stu dents, barristers, huntsmen, soldiers, sailors, priests, monks, knights, courtiers, &c.; &c.;, without end in all the varied colours and fashions which prevailed in the respective or ders, countrys. professions and ages, which they represented — and there were also a large number of costumes (particularly among the ladies,) in which the exuberance of fancy run not amidst gynip, ribbons, lace, flowers, muslin and jewels— of the characteristic dresses, the most prominent were — cupid, by Mr. Solicitor Rowlands, than which a greater burlesque could not be imagined — Rowlands in the garb of cupid 1— Mighty Jove where were thy celestial constables that they did not hurl him from Mount Olympus. Verily, the little lawyer made good use of his bow, but between our selves) the ladies say his shafts were pointless, as bis attemuts at wit were common place : then there was 'Dr. O'Toole' by Mr. Solicitor Wynne, well dreBsed and well sustained. Ah excellent scene took place between ' the Irish tutor' and Mr. James Thomson, who figured as a -Glasgow student. 'By my sowl man,' says the doctor catching the student by the arm, ' nud isn't it yourself I've been looking afthcr. Here's a pro-blem that latcs me entirely, bo it does, jist for want of a Tittle practice you see Would you just thry and solve it yourself.'! ™ Eh mon,' replied the student imitating to the tone and accent of a bibulous PUll°?°fe ' I ken varra -little aboot sic stuff as that the noo,-thc deilmeikle siller comes a' the mathe matics; but jist 'to obleefje ye I'll try -my hand and'-(hiccup, and begins to write)- Turf and blunders mon, why its as plain- as the nose on yer face, that the deil has been tending an enemy down your throat to steal away your brains. Do yc call that solving a pro-hlcmya spalpeen ye-' Victoria by the grace of God Och botheration give me my pto-bkm or its mvself will be -giving ye a denoiistlirntion. «'Mein goot. frieSd,' W Ow!?!Vtfct (Mr. F. Smith, jun.) stepping up 'dat isli von prat man -he write large book and print tbem-vat for you be angry 1 ' Do yon not know t)mt AeshonlmasterisaWoadV A heat y laueli followed this sally and left poor O'loole ** 1 __ 1 ?_ .._»1.1n.-i no 1-in nnnlfi. fill*. A. Uiti~ diner appeared splendidly dressed as a Templar -and Mr. L. Nathan as IvniuW- tlie fair Rebecca however, preferred a lraijrht of a U*s dismal countenance, and waltzed off wit a ?ay imllaut. Mr. W. Abbott was an Albanian Shief-Mr. Penny a Peruvian-Mr. Watch orn a courtier of the 13lh century, in a dress of unequalled splendor- Capt. Swanston ap peared iu a fancy oriental dress, wearing a superb sword, the reward of some of his many services in India; a more beau -hi weapon could scarcely be conccivea, auu 1 1, »»'.''; ceived the unqualified admiration of all present. Mr. It. Lewis appeared as a ' Country Gen-, tleman » which many remarked. wi pa} ng himself a very equivocal compliment, cons ler iug that, these were/fl»-tf i^,\ M.£d Mr' ton made bis appearance as Ot^Uo.miNr R. Dry as Hamlet, both gorgeously capan soned/The Attorney-General P«»»^»' Admiral Duncan, and Captain Monartj -th c honest old boatswain TamTough, The Solicitor General was a very Proteus having changed his dress frequently during the evening. Capt. Foster wore a splendid dress, but for- «-'»*'?: fill your paper were I to mention half the dresses anS characters in detail, so you m lit be content with a bare outline Hark! I us the merrv violin summons to ihe dance—See you ™,i Ugets the veil and trips off with a young knight; a pretty 6ower-jrirl seduces Haraet (Vomthetltoughtsofhisfither's ghost; Othello finds a Desdemona in a Ba«rum ?'S' (iirl; tuegluomy lvauuuu i^-- ,.,„„,„ sunny smiles of a Persian lady, while Holy Fathers in black, brown, or grey, mingle w u mosleni maidens and pagan nymph?., Veri y, Howson's fiddlestick was as Merlins wand, it changed all the characters in an instant. All was forgotten but the joyous dance; and the zest with which this was enjoyed, was mcreasec bv the fanciful aud contradictory groupes oi costume which were now in one promiscuous confusion, scattered over the brilliant scene. Cupid's ban was laid aside, to enable the wicked urchin to ban before the fair; and bis nrrmvs vvpre confined to be less fatal tban tlie glances of that bright eye— 'So darkly, deeply, beautifully, blue.' 'Twas there! again its luscious beams fell on me, and I was in raptures. Her I so long have mourned as lost was there again .- she looked ot me, and smiled; but, alasl the circlet of hymen appeared upon her finger, and tolt me that she was another's. I saw my hated and successful rival ;— I wore a dagger,— my hand instinctively grasped tlie hilt,— another moment and ? supper was annoum;™, j~ . wreaked my jealousy and vengeance by stabbing a cold fowl', and shedding the blood of a bottle of claret. . . The festive board groaned beneath the weight of every delicacy of the season ; aud wines of the choicest kinds were not wanting to heighten the delights of tlie evening. ' Wine does wonders every day ;' so it did with me ; 'under its genial influence, I forgot the pangs of disappointed and illre nuitcd love— emphatically thought the blue eved maid a jilt, and straightway found con solation in the attractions of one more kind, though not so fair. The only person who was not in dress, was no less a personage than the Colonial Secretary, who, considering bis connexion with the Go vernment, ought to have known better than thus to assume a distinction, which it was ob viously His Excellency's desire to put down. Several other gentlemen came iu plain clothes, but were requested to withdraw and assume a costume, which they did. The urbanity and courtesy of Sir Eardley and bis son, nave won golden opinions from all. Dancing was kept up with fresh spirit till five o'clock 111 the moruinsr (His Excellency retiring at two); when observing fatigue trouble us all, Mr. Wilmott playfully said to Elliston, ' Othello s occupations gone.' This was taken as a signal to break up, and the company dispersed, high ly delig hted with the evening, and the cor dial, gentlemanly reception accorded to them by their distinguished host. 