SAYINGS AND DOINGS. We are informed, that it is the intention of the Stall-holders of the Sydney Market, shortly to convene a meeting for the purpose of devising means, entering into a subscription, to defray the expense of purchasing a Piece of a Ptate, or some other Testimonial; with the view of pre- senting the same to Mr. Bernard M'Laughlan, late Lessee of the Market, for his voluntary and very valuable services rendered to the Corporation of the City, and his disinterested conduct to the Stall-holders upon the occasion of the late auction. DR. T. B. WILSON.—We are really concerned to hear that the crops of this highly respectable gentleman and magistrate have failed this season, he not having been able to vouch (from the reports, of his assigned threshers) to more than one thou- sand bushels of sixty-four pounds wheat to the. acre. Oh! Mrs. T—k—s, should you persevere in your infamous career, we shall be compelled to narrate to the parents of your pupils, a full, true and particular account of your former intimacy with the Taurus Mc—l—e, and of your absent- ing yourself from home for a whole night with him—your nocturnal visit with Mrs. C. to Mrs. H's, did not escape the notice of Miles' Boy. His eyes are intently fixed upon you, though you know it not, so "Prenez Garde." MISTER TIM LANE!—The rendering of pieces of plate, being so much in vogue to retiring officers, and others, who have obtained an agree- able notoriety, we have much pleasure in stating, and we do so on good authority, that Mr. Lane is about to be presented with a dis-similar favor, from those, who, for six long years painfully ap- preciated his services. We have heard a great deal about Beresford's partiality to the "bl—y lash" in "Langsyne," but mark our modern!— "Whew! my pure boy" (siz the Superintendent,) arrah where did you come from?—-from Tourang —a where's your irons? siz Tim—"here" says the culprit—"stand by here watch-house" siz Tim— "and with the help of God and the assistance of Stewart (the flagellator) I'll give it to you under the shirt for such humane favors, together with having the marrow extracted from the beef bones, at Hyde Park Barracks, and sent to his residence, for fear its lusciousness would be too rich for their delicate stomachs—for such, and innumerable favors of a similar description, Tim Lane, will be presented with a piece of plate, a novelty in its way, for it will be A TIN ONE!!! CONUNDRUM.—Why is Mrs. Lewellyn superior to Van Amburgh, in beast-taming? Do you give it up? Because she spends all day with a Martin, and sleeps all night with Lyons. Persons think that the Jew Daniels ought to have stuck to his former business, that is barber and performer, rather than attempt to cut it fat as a Sydney Merchant. Received 150 copies of the Satirist, Feb. 11th, 1843\. (Signed) GEORGE MOSS. The above re- ceipt was handed in to us by our man of business, and sufficiently proves the scarcity of cash in a certain Bridge-street Office, although we were not aware the unfortunates were so hard up as to send their principal proprietor to hawk newspapers in the market on a Saturday night, in order to pay their arrears of wages. Oh! Betty Martin, Betty Martin, oh!—your son will be the death of us-- what a boy he is!— James! James! draw it mild. We can excuse ignorance in youth as long as bumptiousness is not coupled with it. Your mother could not have known you were out, the last time you paid us a visit, and we have been compelled to write to the old lady an account of your proceedings. In her opinion, you were drunk at the time. INGRATITUDE.—This is impossible!—No child, even in New South Wales, would be guilty of such base ingratitude, as to cut his parents be- cause they kept a public-house, and he, by their kindness and the fruits of their hard-earned gains, had been installed in a Lawyer's Office. Jemmy, Jemmy, repent in time, and remember the commandment which says "Honor thy Father and Mother." Be assured that the son of a res- pectable family, however poor they may be, will gain no advantage by deserting their society for that of a prostitute, and a doubly-convicted felon. Mr. W. Russell's elegant address to the Coun- ties of Roxburgh and Cumberland states, that he possesses a STAKE in the country. Miles' Boy says the only stake he can make out as per- taining to him, is the one centered in Mrs. W. Russell. They say that the Reverend ? Longfield, of Hore—town, lost his gown in Ireland, owing to his total ignorance of the relationship that ought to exist between him and his wife's sister. He preached once in this country and then gave up the ghost. A POLITICAL TRAITOR.—Our correspondent must send us some proof of his assertions before we insert his communication. Meanwhile, we cannot believe that any person serving on the Committee of Messrs, Wentworth and Bland, would be guilty of such duplicity as is imputed to Mr. J.— M—n. No man can serve two mas- ters, and how can it be believed that an indivi- dual however cunning he may be, can at the same time, advocate the interests of Messrs. Went- worth and Bland and of Mr. Hustler! We can easily understand that his father's public house is the resort of the partizans of the latter named gentleman; but surely the juvenile cornstalk may be acting honorably in supporting the other party—and it would be, in our opinion, whatever our correspondents may think, difficult to prove that a young swallow is a snake in the grass. We. have just heard of a great Curr, bouncing large about his bull-dogs and attempting to bully a respectable gentleman with those said animals of his own species, into some belligrant proceed- ngs, but the gentleman deeming this Cur's head as empty as his bull-dogs, declined a growl with him, having no wish to be contaminated with the hydrophobia from the fangs of so paltry a puppy. Is it from the pressure of business, or a natural (or acquired) taste for horse-flesh, that the Long Just-ass continues to show a leg on half a dozen different horses, every half dozen different hours? The Arabian Night's Entertain- ments ought in our opinion to suffice him, without working his A-rabi-ans during the day. Query-- Is crape on a white four and nine mourning or not? Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? Canst thou put an hook in his nose, or bore his jaw through with a thorn.—Job. Chapter 41, v. 1, 2. We read in the Sun, that Lieutenant Brookes of the United States Navy, has shot and captured the Sea Sarpent at last. What wonderful fellows these Yankees are? Verily the man of many troubles could not hold a candle to Lieut. Brooks, as it is evident that the latter gentleman bored the monster with a hook, and drew him out with a hook, afterwards. By the way why not make the Chesepeake the scene of the exploit instead of the Mississippi? The Shannon might perhaps have possessed the best claim, but the localities might have caused unpleasant recollections. Does "The Young Chevalier" when he is purchasing forage for his favorite mare, buy his corn by heap measure, or stroke his Bushel with a yard? Can you inform me whether the "Home- ward bound" amongst his large stock of curiosi- ties, has any trifles in the way of horn ornaments to dispose of; or whether it is necessary to pro- cure them from the wholesale manufacturer at the corner over the way. Is it correct to see ladies so very young as the Misses B********t of Elizabeth-street, north, so often in company with so old and gay a Lathario as Mr. E***ll. The old gentleman is very kind in lending the carriage—although the "horses gets werry fat." It is said to be the intention of Sir Maurice, to exhibit himself in a few days, to admiring thousands, in the character of a tumbler. It is actually asserted, (hear it ye 80th!! hear it ye 96th!!!) that His Excellency is going to throw a summerset, on board the Eagle, before her departure for England!!! Some turn-about, twist-about, Jim Crow evolutions, took place last year, with enormous applause, but that was for a slashing price. This time, we are happy to inform all interested, the performance is gratis, not even a REGRET being required on the occasion. We hope the good ship, may safely round Cape Horn—That's all. By the way, does not the Skipper's name sound ominous? It has been bluntly asserted, that the SHARP has at last proved himself a FLAT. Things, like Goode's Hair, have taken a turn. The Big Wigs, must do as he has done, for they could no longer comb him out straight;—his O-dont- O's, acute as he was, are at a discount, and his Brushes at a premium; Fred—Sam Slick, the clock- maker, says, that's the time of day—the VICTIM himself; that it is a barber- ous trans- action. We advise the Fat Boy of the Herald, forth- with, to procure a more decent substitute, or we shall endeavour to mend the manners of the SNOB. 