ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. ■GHOSTS AND GOBLINS. Mr Editor—Perhaps the following little narrrative, for which I can personally vouch, may serve to amuse the curious if it do uot not satisfy the voracious maw of the lovers of the marvellous. At any rate it will fill up a nook in the absence of anything more stirring :— About sixteen years ago, I was on a visit with my wife at the seat of my brother-in-law in one of the western counties of England. There were other visitors in the house at the same time, and among them, a friend of mine and his lady. This friend, whom I shall call C, had occupied a high official situation in Jamaica, and had retired to his native country to enjoy a good fortune, made soon enough to leave him not past the vigour of life, or with health greatly impaired. During our after-dinner conversation, the subject of ghosts and apparitions was brought up; though I don't remember in what way the matter originated, but I well recollect it produced a lively discussion; in which my friend C, a very sensible and intelligent man, took part; but after we had most of us related some well-known and some less frequently recorded stories of the appear ance of persons deceased uuder various circumstances, and of similar apparitions raised by individuals professing this power of compulsion ; and having canvassed the pretensions of Swedenborg and Schropfer, and those still unexplained experiments which the latter so boldly ; and successfully hazarded in Germany, my friend said that, after what had passed among the cirjffe, he was almost unwilling to relate some extraordinary particu lars within his own knowledge, and which had induced i him after the most mature consideration to believe that there existed persons who possessed the power, however acquired, of raising apparitions, and that he personally knew an individual so gifted; that the company he addressed, and who had all known him so long, would believe his assertion, seriously and deliberately made— that instances could be furnished to the company of that power's having been exercised by the party in question, and that more than once; that every endeavour to establish any kind of juggle 01 known optical delu sion or confederacy of any kind had failed ; and that with all the anxiety of a mind, as he hoped sufficiently strong and healthy, lie had arrived most reluctantly at the unpleasant conclusion that this power did reside in some individuals, and was actually possessed by the party alluded to. On joining the ladies I mentioned the sub ject to my friend's wife, who was equally firm in her belief of the fact. Mrs C, a very shrewd little lady, added, that her convictions were founded on a firm belief acquired independently of Mr C's inquiries or arguments. I was naturally very curious to learn something of the person of whom this mention was made, whom I shall call S, and requested to be informed in some degree of his history. It appeared that he was an officer in the army, and had been on service for some years in the West Indies. When questioned as to the manner in which he became possessed of a secret of so tremendous a character, he stated, that it had been communicated to him by a common soldier when abroad. The subject continuing to be warmly discussed during the rest of the evening; my incredulity remaining undiminished, and the pertinacity of my friend and his wife continuing equally unabated, I requested them to detail to me some experiment of the sort at which they themselves had been present, and, if possible, to afford me an oppor tunity of personally witnessing a similar one. Both requests were acceded to. Mr C told me that he had been present when a young man, a relation of his own, had challenged S to a dis play of his power, offered to undergo the experi ment, and had armed himself in everj' way against the possibility of deception. On a given evening, a few friends were assembled, and it was arranged that my friend C should name some deceased person whom he j wished to appear to D. j No ceremonies were observed by C to take place as i preliminary. I) was requested by S to go into an apartment, which was an ordinary first-floor room of the house, and adjoining that where the friends were assem bled, and C having then named with great required precision the deceased person whose bodily form he wished tohave made visible to D. Thelatterstateshimseif to have entered the apartment in the usual way, which was lighted ; the candles were then withdrawn, and he was left in darkness, the operator returning instantly to the company, apparently labouring under considerable agitation. In about a quarter-of-an-hour, as my friend 0 stated, and which his wife confirmed, a cry of terror and dis tress was heard from the adjoining room, and the young man rushed into the apartment where the rest of the party was assembled, pale with horror, and in a state, as C described, such as he had rarely witnessed in a man of courage, and which, had it been confederacy, could not have been so well acted, declaring that he had seen the person of an individual as of one raised from the dead. My friend C tried to rally him, and to look upon the matter as a trick, well concerted, but he most solemnly and strenuously denied any attempt at de ception. He positively affirmed having seen the face and part of the bust of a figure which he described— had observed this figure with sufficient attention not to mistake, and, from description, it certainly appeared i to be a representation of the party named by C, who added, that the young man suffered much from the scene afterwards, and till C lost sight of him in: after years, never forgot the event or doubted the reality j of the appearance. I asked C why he had not himself made the experiment, and he answered very candidly, that afier what had passed lie had not courage to do so. Other similar instances were quoted, one of a female who submitted to try the experiment, on whom it was nearly productive of serious danger from its effect on her mind. In these cases, 1 uiged confederacy or phantasma goria ; the latter, as C observed, was disproved by the impossibility of being prepared with a portrait of the j deceased party who might be desired to appear, as no ! refusal was made by the operator to any particular indi-1 vidual who had hitherto requested the proof of his art. I urged, I recollect, the well-known trick of confede- j racy, in which the pretended ghost-seer having learnt from some of the company the name of the departed person required to appear, commuuicates it by knocks on an adjoining partition, answering in number to the positions of the letters of the alphabet; of this my friend was quite aware, and as he had scrupulously watched the experiment, declared that there was no such collusion. In consequence of my earnest desire to witness the operation, an evening was appointed, when C, his wife, Dr. Marcet, myself, and one or two others, met S at the house of liis sister, a widow, in Charloite-street, Fitzroy-square. S came in very late, pleading illness. I conversed with him, but lie was evidently unwilling to discuss the subject. When urged by Dr. Mareet and myself, he did not refuse to perform the experiment, but I am almost ashamed to add, that not one of us would consent to be the party to whom the appearance should be made. We all tried in vain to " screw our courage to the sticking-place," and thus passed the evening, without affording Dr. Marcet and myself any satisfaction 011 the point, though both of us firmly be lieved the whole to be a trick, and, perhaps, a very neat one. C retained, and I believe to this hour retains a firm belief in the positive power of S to raise theappari l tions as I have described. S went abroad soon after, and is, I believe, dead. w. Adelaide, 14th June; 1843. 