JUDICIAL INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT— CIVIL SIDE. MONDAY, JULY 24, 1843. ( Before His Honor Mr. Justice Jeffcott ) Upon His Honor taking his seat on the Bench at ten o'clock, Mr. Williams moved for a writ of habeas corpus on the body of Richard Wills Hill, from the Sheriff's custody, in order that he might be discharged on the ground that he was illegally detained, not having been recom- mitted upon an order in writing when last before the court. His Honor. — I consider he is at present legally in custody; he was brought before the court by a writ of habeas corpus, and was never out of cus- tody; he was not committed, but remanded on the same warrant of commitment, upon which I did not give any decision whether it was formal or not; you on that occasion did not apply for bail for the prisoner, but that he might be set at lerge your motion then was a very proper motion, and was properly brought before the court; I read the authorities applicable to the case, and stated what the jurisdiction of the court of Kings Bench was in such rotters ; I also looked into the depo- sitions and there found sufficient cause to detain the prisoner in custody to take his trial, without deciding whether the warrant of commitment was informal or not, and he was remanded back to gaol. Mr. Williams,— But your Honor I contend that he should have been sent back on a written order of commitment. His Honor.— Certainly not, Mr. Williams enquired whether the depositions were in Court. Mr.Croke, — They are not; you had better move for a writ of certiorari to have them brought before the Court His Honor. — I do not think a writ of certiorari necessary in this case Mr. Croke, because we are not situated in the same manner as though we were in England, where the depositions are in the cus- tody of so many different persons. A certiorari then becomes necessary, but in the present instance, the depositions are in the custody of the court and can be easily produced; therefore, Mr, Williams, if you wish to see those depositions, I will order that they be produced. Mr. Williams, — I do, your Honor, His Honor. — You will also consider Mr. Williams, how far the opening of those deposition will benefit your client. You may certainly refer to one portion of them, but I cannot prevent the parties opposing you going into the whole of the merits of those depositions when once opened, and thus raise up the excitement upon this case going before the public, which has somewhat subsided and which might be extremely prejudicial to those unfortunate young men who are to be placed upon their trial in a few days for their lives. For my- self, I have, in giving my judgment, abstained from making one allusion to the merits of the case, that nothing might go forth to bias the public mind. It is therefore for you to say under the circumstances, whether it will be prudent for you to open the depositions at present. Mr. Williams. — Your Honor has certainly placed me in a very delicate position, but I am of opinion that the objection I have to take on these depositions upon which my client has been re- manded will be fatal, that I will, wish your Honor's permission proceed. His Honor.— Had you not better take a little time to consider whether you should do so or not — say until to-morrow. I will, however, leave it to your discretion, to say whether you will go on now or leave it for some other time. Mr. Williams. — I will agree to argue the point at any time. His Honor.— Perhaps the Crown Prosecutor will consent to argue the case the day on which the prisoners will be brought up for trial. The Crown Prosecutor should make no engage- ment. Mr. Williams.—Your Honor I must do my duty to my client while I have the ghost of a chance; perhaps your Honor will order the depositions in Court. His Honor then directed the Crown Solicitor to produce the depositions, which after some delay were brought into Court. Mr. Williams asked to look at the depositions. Mr.Croke— Your Honor, he has a copy of them, and has had them these six weeks. Mr. Williams— All I care about knowing is, whether those are the original depositions, and whether these which I have are correct copies. His Honor.— Mr. Croke, do you object to Mr. Williams looking at the depositions? Mr. Croke.— I do, may it please your Honor. His Honor. — What is now the nature of your application Mr. Williams. Mr. Williams— I now apply for a habeas that the prisoner Hill may be discharged, because the depositions are not taken in consideration with the Statute [?]th Geo. IV., c. 64, sec.2, and are there- fore no depositions at all.The second section enacts, that all depositions shall be taken on oath and the magistrates before whom they are taken shall subscribe their names thereto. In the present case, the depositions are headed " this day sworn before Frederick B. St. John and James Smith," and are only signed by one of those magistrates. The depositions are therefore bad— it is laid down in Archibald's Criminal Pleadings, page 154, "that all depositions must be taken in conformity with the statute." I think upon this, your Honor, the habeas must issue, and the prisoner be discharged by public proclamation, the statute being conjunc- tive. Your Honor will remember I have made this application upon attested copies of the de- positions. His Honor. — You would not go so far us to ask his discharge, supposing the original depositions were signed in the manner you say they should be? Mr. Williams.— I don't know, your Honor ; I have a sufficient number of actions to bring against parties for giving false copies of depositions. Mr. Croke here rose and said, he was not pre- pared to reply to Mr. Williams, not having re- ceived any notice of the present motion. His Honor. — I think I can decide this without calling upon you Mr. Croke. His Honor then read the clause of the Act referred to by Mr. Wil- liams and said, that it was only necessary for two magistrates to be present and sign the depositions in cases were bail was allowed, in all cases of felony one magistrate had jurisdiction to act. Now, though there might be a full bench of magis- trates sitting when the prisoner was taken before them to be examined on a charge of felony, it was only necessary that one magistrate should sign the depositions. I do not think the grounds of the present application good, and refuse the habeas. I think it would be much better were the attorney not to instruct counsel in making such applica- tions as the present, unless he can do so on good grounds. Batman v. Lonsdale.— Mr. Croke moved for a conditional order for an attachment against Edward Sewell, an Attorney of the Court, upon the affidavit of Richard O'Cock, also an Attorney of the Court, which he would read. His Honor. — How does this case come before the Court, what cause is there, and how could the party be prosecuted for perjury ? The mode of conducting a charge against an officer of the Court in Ireland, is upon petition and affidavit, which the party accused has an opportunity of answering before the subject is brought before the Court and the public, on an exparte statement, to the pre- judice of that officer. Mr. Croke.— Your Honor, this application is not for any irregularity committed in the profes- sional practice of that gentleman, but respecting a lien. His. Honor. — That is a different thing; but I think the application should be upon petition. I will, however, make the order, and the affidavit can be re-sworn when the petition is presented. Strong v. Bolden. — Ordered to stand over by consent, until after the Criminal Sessious, on account of the indisposition of Mr. Raymond, the defendant's leading counsel. Mortimer and Crook, Trustees for Reeves, v. Langhorne, Trustee for Williams. — In this case a rule nisi had been granted, calling upon the de- fendant to show why the proceedings in this case should not be set aside with costs. Mr. Williams now moved that the rule be made absolute. Mr. Barry opposed the rule, but first took ex- ceptions to the order, which was headed " Supreme Court, district of Port Phillip," he submitted there was no such Court. The Supreme Court was established by the statute 4th Vic. 22, and was there called the Supreme Court of New South Wales, for the district of Port Phillip. There was nothing requiring more attention than adhering to the forms of practice. If irregularities were allowed to creep in, of this nature, there would be much difficulty in getting rid of them at a future period. The application in this case was to set aside the execution, upon which no irregularity was shown. The execution money had been paid, and the de- fendant's attorney had attended the taxation, and the application was too late. All the irregularity was waived by the money being paid. Mr. Barry then read the affidavit of Mr. Sewell, in reply to that sworn by Mr. Belcher, and concluded, after taking several objections, by submiting that the rule must be discharged. Mr. Williams supported the rule,and contended the merits and the equity of the case were in his favor. His Honor said, this is an order to set aside an execution which appears quite regular upon the face of it. From the affidavits in the matter now before me it appears this cause was to have been tried before His Honor the late Judge, (now departed from the Colony) on the 16th of November last, when the trial was postponed until the next term on the affidavit of Charles Williams, the defendant, upon payment of the costs of the day, on account of the absence of a material wit- ness. This order was granted on the usual terms, and there was nothing wrong in that, it being in conformity with the practice of all the courts. I am told in this affidavit sworn by Mr. Belcher, the defendant's attorney, that the trial was again postponed until the 16th of January, 1843, when another application was made to postpone the case on account of the absence of Captain Brignal, a material witness, which was opposed on the ground that the former costs had not been paid, to this it was replied that no order for costs had been made. The attorney must have known whether the order made by the learned Judge was taken correct by the Registrar, and should have stated whether the learned Judge made any observation at the time, for it appears, a discussion must have taken place, instead of which the attorney stops short, where he should have given me the information. He merely says that on the postponement of the case no costs were ordered. He should have gone on and said, that the Judge who made the order had observed the mistake, and directed the officer of the Court accordingly. But there was not a particle of in- formation on that subject, although it was quite evident a discussion took place upon that point, and His (Honor had ordered the cause to be per- emptorily tried on the 30th of January, 1848, on payment of costs of that day; all similar motions being regulated in that manner, the postponement being for the convenience of the parties who are not prepared to go to trial. The only thing that was apparent in favour of the defendant, was, whether the plaintiff's attorney by accepting the costs of a subsequent day, and not demanding the former costs, might not lead to the inference that coats were not ordered. The writ was signed by the Judge who made the order, and the costs were taxed at nine pounds some shillings, the attorney attending the taxation. In no place of the affi- davit does it appear, that the order is irregular, and the writ of execution being issued on the order, I see no reason to disturb the proceedings, and the rule will be discharged with costs. Herbertson v. Cameron.— Mr. Barry moved for leave to enter up judgment and issue execution on the verdict which had been taken in this case on the 24th of April last, for £54 12s. 9½d., subject to the award of James Croke, Esq., on the ground that the time for bringing up the award had ex- pired, the case had been referred under the 5th Vic. No. 9, c. 18, Sec. 18. Mr. Stowell at great length and with much in- genuity opposed the application . His Honor said he would give his judgment on Thursday next, hoping in the mean time the parties would come to some arrangement. The Court then adjourned until tomorrow morning, at ten o'clock. CHANCERY SIDE. McKinlay v. Gibbon,— Mr. Barry moved to ab- solve the injunction granted in this case, upon the defendant [?]ling his answer to the bill. Mr. Cunninghame opposed the application, and His Honor delivered his decision until to-morrow. The Court then adjourned. ===================================== 