LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. ———— We are enabled to contradict the gratuitous statement which appeared in Wednesday's Register, namely, that neither the Elizabeth Buckham nor the Joseph Albino " brought out any despatches for his Excellency the Governor, or, if any, at least none of importance. " His Excellency received despatches from Lord Stanley by both vessels ; but it would be premature for us to pronounce an opinion upon their contents. If our con- temporary is in a position to do so, why tell the public that the Governor did not receive any despatches ? and if he have not received any, it needed no ghost to tell us that they were not of the least importance. Without, however, breaking the seal of confidence, we may inform our contemporary that his Excellency's despatches contain the gratifying and important information that all his Excellency's drafts have been honoured by the Home Government ; one consequence of which is, that one of the Banks has tendered for the purchase of his Ex-| cellency's bills, and the tender has been accepted. ——— The Colonial Government has concluded arrange- ments with Mr. Solomon for the occupancy of the Queen's Theatre for three years at a rental of £200 per annum ; and it is to be forthwith converted into a suite of rooms for the Resident Magistrate's Court ; the Supreme Court ; the Registrar General's office ; the Advocate General office ; theAssistant Crown Solici- tor and Assistant to the Bench of Magistrate's office ; and the Judge's Chamber. The alterations are to be made according to specification, at Mr. Solomon's expense, and to be completed, on or before the 22d inst. ———— Mr. Richard Eales Borrow and Mr. James Goodiar, Adelaide, builders and farmers, declared themselves insolvent the 27th June ; and Mr. George Stevenson, North Adelaide, late printer and publisher, declared himself insolvent the 28th of June. A fiat of insolvency was issued against Mr. Samuel East, on the 27th June, on petition of Mr. William Pearce. ———— Occupation Licenses have been taken out by Mr. H. Metcalf and Mr. Donald Robertson ; and Timber Licenses by Mr. John Hyde and Mr. Charles Murray. ———— In consequence of his Honour the Judge's indisposi- tion, the Criminal Sittings are postponed from the 4th to the 18th instant. ———— About three months ago a cod fish was taken at Mr. Harris's Station on the River Murray about 70 miles from town. It was then served up at the market dinner and considered a great rarity and delicacy. Since then they have been caught in abundance and quantities brought in quite fresh for sale. The fish exactly resembles the English cod in shape but it is larger in size and of superior flavour. Indeed our Adelaide gourmands declare that it eats finer than any English fish. The flesh is remarkably firm and almost entirely free from bone. So plentiful are the Murray cod that the men at the station merely throw out their lines in the evening and the next morning they find them full. Their average weight is from 30lbs. to 40lbs. but we have seen one which weighed 57lbs. At present they are retailed by Mr. Edwards the butcher, at from 4d. to 6d. per lb, but when competition arises the market will be more abundantly supplied and at a cheaper rate ; although the distance they have to be brought and the ruggedness of the road will make the land carriage tedious and expensive. We perceive by the last English papers that cod fish was selling at Brighton at less than one penny a-pound ; and on one occassion seven fish, weighing from 25lbs to 30lbs. each were sold for 8s. We understand it be the intention of two or three parties at once to commence salting and drying the Murray cod for home consumption and for exportation ; and as we have abundance of Colonial salt well adapted for such a purpose, we should think they may make a profitable spec of it, particularly during the summer season. If we could only pack one in ice it would be a dainty dish to set before the Queen. ———— The Manager of the South Australian Company, whose commercial movements during these ticklish times, both in town and country, have been conducted with great caution and judgment, finding the Company's sheep runs limited to the North, and the water very scanty, has declared for the runs around Lake Albert, whither their lambs, to the number of 10,000, are to be removed at weaning time. About 800 head of the Com- pany's cattle will also be taken to their Special Survey on the Murray. These operations will have a tendency to open the fine tract of country which has recently been discovered near Rivoli Bay, and facilitate the comer- cial relations between the Colonists of Port Phillip and South Australia. ———— We always thought that John Bull disliked taxation ; but a bird of the air has whispered to as that a few of our tip-top butchers have made so much money lately that they don't know what to do with their surplus income ; and, in the absence of a property tax, a poll tax ; or an income tax, any one of which would have met their desperate case, they resolved, the other evening, at a preliminary meeting, to apply to his Excellency in Council to legalize a tax on the sale of meat ; or at least to prevent the sale of it except by themselves or licensed butchers. The amount of the license talked of is from £25 to £40, which of course would effectually present the greater portion of the Adelaide butchers and others from retailing meat, and consequently throw the monopoly into the hands of licensed few, who, as on all such cases, would take care to make the public pay exorbitant prices. But the thing is so preposterously absurd, so thoroughly un-English, so monstrously unjust that we can hardly credit the rumour whilst we feel bound to denounce the attempt. The bakers, of course, would follow ; and then the watercarriers, with Mr. Nicholls at their head, would petition to have a bunghole to the Torrens, and a turncock at every bridge, so that none but licensed watermen might draw water from the stream. We are in possession of the names of about a dozen gentlemen who attended the anti-free-trade meeting ; but, believing as we do that the whole thing is a joke, we shall not publish them. It is said that if the butchers succeed in obtaining a license, a Company will be im- mediately formed to undersell them a penny a pound. If so, the butchers will take nothing by their motion. ———— Mr Jackson the late Colonial Secretary, was escorted to the Fort on Thursday last, by a number of his ad- mirers and friends ; and he has since embarked on board the Terror for Sydney. In order to testify the high estimation in which he was held by them during four years sojourn in South Australia, Mr. Jackson's colleagues and friends subscribed a handsome, sum of money for the purchase of a piece of plate which was presented to him previous to his departure, accompanied by the following handsome letter : Adelaide, South Australia, 22nd Jane, 1843. Dear Sir — Understanding that you intend shortly to leave the province, we cannot permit you to depart without an ex- pression of our esteem, and of the regret we feel at the loss which this community must sustain on being deprived of so efficient a public servant. In private life, you have deservedly won from all who have had the happiness of your acquaintance feelings of respect and friendship, which will he held in lasting remembrance. The recollection of the urbanity you have shown in the dis- charge of your official duties, the gentlemanly and honourable course you have pursued, your independence of character, zeal for the interests of the colony, devoted endeavours for the sup- port of the Government, and the welfare of the people, will long be cherished by us with sentiments of gratitude and respect. As a small memento of our esteem, we request your acceptance of a piece of plate, bearing the following inscription :— " Presented to John Alexander Jackson, Esq., by a number of his friends, on his leaving South Australia, as a token of esteem and respect entertained towards him for his able, upright, and honourable conduct as a public functionary, holding successively for four years the offices of Colonial Treasurer and Colonial Secretary. " With every sentiment of friendship and regard to yourself and Mrs. Jackson, and in the hope that you may hereafter meet that encouragement and success in your future career, to which we feel that you are so justly entitled. We beg to subscribe ourselves, YOUR SINCERE FRIENDS To J. A. Jackson, Esq. To the foregoing flattering testimonial Mr. Jackson returned the following manly reply, the value of which is enhanced a thousand fold by that gentleman's un- biassed judgment upon the state and prospects of the Colony he has quitted ; and we hope it will one day find an echo through the English press. " I can discern nothing, " says Mr. Jackson, " but what is subject of well founded congratulation ; and speaking not wholly, I may venture to say, without experience, I believe no British Colony offers such advantages to the Emigrant as South Australia does at this moment. " But our space forbids us to enlarge. We subjoin Mr. Jackson's valedictory letter. Adelaide. June 29th, 1843. Gentlemen — Permit me to return you my sincere thanks for the address which you have done me the honour to present to me. Your kind expressions of personal regard, and the very flattering estimate which you have been pleased to form of my public conduct, are in the highest degree gratifying to my feelings. Of myself I will merely say, that I have endeavoured, while in the public service in this province, to do my duty to the best of my humble judgment and ability. On my part, Gentlemen, allow me to express the regret which I feel at the prospect of quitting the society of so many respected friends and well- wishers. I could have desired to regard South Australia as the future home of myself end my family. I have lived long enough in the colony to form many valued friendships in it, and to acquire an interest in its general welfare which must now become a settled habit of my life. I cannot refrain, Gentlemen, on this occasion, from congratulating you upon the bright prospects which I believe are now opening to your adopted country. I am happy in knowing that the colony is now, in every essential, a thriving and I could even add a wealthy colony. Its annual products are sufficient to maintain its population in comfort and abundance, and this is what I regard as constituting substantial wealth. That there has been much individual distress is unhappily too notorious, and I deeply deplore its existence ; but contemplating the general prospects of the colony, I can discern nothing but what is subject of well-founded congratulations ; and speaking not wholly, I may venture to say, without experience, I believe no British colony offers such advantages to the emigrant as South Australia does at this moment. The memento which you have kindly offered to my acceptance, I shall ever regard as an honourable testimonial of your esteem. Mrs. Jackson unites with me, Gentlemen, in earnest wishes for the welfare of each of you. I beg to remain, Gentlemen, Your obliged and faithful servant. J. ALEX. JACKSON. The Terror is expected to arrive at Sydney in sufficient time for passengers to proceed to England by a ship laid on there for Liverpool, and it is said that Mr. Jackson intends to return home ; but wherever his lot may be cast his name will always be asso- ciated in the minds of the Colonists with all that is courteous, amiable, and honourable. ———— If Jacob Montefiore, Esq., one of the late Board of Commissioners for the Province of South Australia, had been a Chinese mandarin, or the Celestial Emperor himself, he could not have been welcomed to these shores by more signal honours or had more marked at- tention shown him during his temporary sojourn amongst us. besides the public dinner given to him at the Queen's Theatre, by a large body of the older Colonists, he has been feted at the private residences of most of the respectable settlers, and escorted to several of the country districts. Mr. Montifiore has expressed himself highly gratified with all he has seen and heard and we understand he has volunteered to advocate the interests of the Colony on his return to England. A few such enlightened and intelligent men paying us occasional visits, en route, to the mother-country, would soon be the means of inducing a larger investment of capital and exportation of labour, all that are now wanted to make South Australia go ahead. Mr. Montefiore sails in the Terror. ———— An 80-acre section on the Murray was raffled for by twenty-five gentlemen, on the 21st of June, at the Shakspere Tavern. The chances were, two guineas each, and Mr. Archer the Wine Merchant, was the winner. The losers wished themselves " better luck next time. " ———— Amongst the arrivals by the Elizabeth Buckham we noticed the names of Mr. Thomas, step-brother to his Excellency the Governor ; Mr Phillips, brother to Mr. H. Phillips the merchant ; and Mr Trimmer, brother of E. Trimmer, Esq., of North Adelaide. ———— The Captain of the Davidsons went away upwards of £4 in debt to Mr. Miller, of the Port, for boots and shoes supplied to his order to the crew. He managed to evade payment until he got his clearance papers and then swore that he would not pay the poor man and dared him or Captain Lipson to stop his ship. The men who had had the goods, together with the mate, remonstrated with the Captain in vain ; and such was the indignation of the crew at the Captain's conduct that it had well nigh led to a severe fracas on board. ———— Turning from the record of more vulgar matters, let us take a peep into the fashionable circles of our little community,— circles, the movements of which are as varied and as rapid as those of any city of equal size and population in the mother-country, although no " Court Newsman " has yet ventured from St. James's to express the doings of the nobility and gentry of the far-famed city of Adelaide. N'importe. In the absence of that official (and sometimes officious) personage we will dis- charge the duty for him, and he must be content to copy from our columns at second-hand. All we ask for our services is an acknowledgment of the source whence the news is taken. Turning to our note book we find the first memorandum we made under the head of " fashionable movements " was on the 29th of May, (the Royal Oak day of our schoolboy recollections), when Captain Butler had a crowded quadrille party at his house. The evening terminated pleasantly enough in-doors, but without it rained cats, dogs, and pitchforks, and as there was no coachstand from which the ladies could " call a coach " or order one to " be called " many of them had to tramp home in their satin slippers and silk stockings, whilst others waited until they could be conveyed thither by twos and threes in the carriages of their more fortunate fellow-visitors. The month of June was opened by a tradesman's ball and supper, given by Mr. Solomon, on the 2nd ult, in the Queen's Theatre, at which 197 of our townsfolk and their wives were present. An elegant supper was provided in the saloon, and dancing was kept up in the Theatre (which was brilliantly illuminated for the occasion) till five in the morning. On the following day about forty gentlemen lunched with Mr. Solomon, and afterwards, in compliment to that gentleman, re- solved themselves into a convivial party remaining at the Shakespere Tavern till a late hour. On the 7th of June, Mrs. Hutchinson (the late Governor's mother) invited about eighty Colonists to a ball and supper, at Mr. Jones's house, kindly lent, for the occasion. About fifty ladies and gentlemen honoured her invitation by their presence, amongst whom were noticed His Excellency Captain Grey and his lady ; Captain and Mrs. Frome ; Captain and Mrs. Butler; and Mr. and Mrs. Newland. Three tables were laid out for supper which is said to have been the most magnificent one ever given in the Colony. On Tuesday, the 13th of June, Mrs. Wyatt gave a large and fashionable quadrille party. For convenience they supped in the veranda but the evening was bitter cold, and though the veranda was covered in, it was not sufficiently secured to keep " the winter's flaw away ". The company broke up about four o'clock in the morning ; but we have not heard of any decided case of rheumatism, or lumbago, or even a crick in the neck resulting from their exposure to the drafts or night air. On Thursday, the 15th of June, Dr Knot entertained a large assemblage of the elite of the Colony. The invitation was to an evening party. Music and singing were introduced, and the professional services of Mr. Bennett were in requisition. The supper was most tastefully laid out ; dancing and singing were kept up till a late hour ; cards were shuffled and dealt by those who are fond of killing time ; and at daybreak the company took leave of mine host and hostess and of one another higher amused and gratified with their evening's entertainment. Mr. Jacob Montefiore the lion of the day was present at most of these fashionable parties. On Tuesday, the 20th of June, being the anniversary of her Majesty's accession to the throne, his Excellency the Governor gave a dinner to the official members of the Colonial Government and their ladies ; and in the evening there was a select ball and supper at Government House. 