TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. SIR-Your well-known impartiality will, I am well assured, afford me a corner for a few observations on the communication of your correspondent " Dinoth Uedivivus," in which I will endeavour to adhere strictly to the topic which induced him to enter the field of controversy, and limit myself, as much as possible, if not entirely, to the matter contained in his letter. His motive for entering that rugged field, attach- ment to the doctrines of his own church," is a praiseworthy one and so long as that attachment does not lead him to claim for that church more merit than what she is justly entitled to, or to endeavour to exalt her to a station of pre-eminence among the Christian Churches in this colony to which she has no claim, no one will censure him for giving free scope to that attachment, and for using every legitimate exertion to promote her interests and welfare. But, from the expression in his communication, " Established Church, it appears to me that he does claim for the Protestant Episcopal Church in this colony a rank and pre-eminence to which she has no title, and that he cherishes a delusion on that point, which the decision of the Twelve Judges of 1 England, In reference to the case of the Episcopal Church in Canada, should have entirely dissipated und banished from the mind of every candid and well informed man. If, however, that opinion appears to your correspondent to be founded on erroneous views, either as to law or fact, he will, perhaps, in the future communications he intends to address to you, in reference to the subject at issue between himself and the Review, give his reasons for holding that it is not well founded, and adduce the evidence which satisfies his mind that the Protestant Episcopal is the Established Church in this colony. Unless these reasons are off convincing, I, for one, will rest satisfied with the opinion of the Twelve Judges on the subject, feeling assured that none of the dignitaries of the church, by the assump- tion of name, or the claim of a station of pre-eminence for their church, to which the highest legal authority has decided she has no right would give occasion for supposing that they are pursuing a " tortuous line of policy" to gain ecclesiastical and political supremacy," which, when followed by the Church of Rome, is so unseemly in the eyes of your correspondent, and has called from him so severe a sentence of condemnation. This assumption of the name, the character, and the attributes of an Established Church, to the Protestant Episcopal Church of these colonies, is, however, the groundwork on which " Dinoth" founds his argument in defence of the line of policy pursued by Bishop Broughton, in publishing a protest against the discharge of the duties and functions of an Archbishop by Dr. Polding. Taking for granted that Bishop Broughton is, in these colonies, in possession of the Civil as well as Ecclesiastical rights of a Bishop of the Church of England, within their respective dioceses in England, he maintains that the existence of an Archbishop, with the functions of an Archbishop, is incompatible with the rights he assumes Dr. Broughton, as Bishop, legally enjoys. But this is again an assumption founded upon an assumption; and even supposing "Dinoth" could show that the Protestant Episcopal Church is the Established Church of the colony, it would still rest with him to show that a Bishop of that Church is, on that account, possessed in law or in equity of the Civil and Ecclesiastical rights of the Bishops of the Established Church of England within their respective dioceses. Sure I am that the Queen's Letters Patent erecting the Diocese of Australia, and appointing a bishop, say nothing of all this-they _ grant to the' Bishop power of exercising Ecclesiastical Discipline among the clergy of his own Church, but give no lay or territorial jurisdiction-; nor do they confer upon him the title, far less the rank of a Lord. But is there anything in this to prevent Dr. Polding, as Archbishop, exercising Ecclesiastical Discipline among the clergy of his Church ? Surely not. And will the due exercise of such discipline, and the full discharge of his functions of Roman Catholic Archbishop over the Roman Catholic Episcopal Church in these colonies, interfere with, or run counter to, the due exercise of Ecclesiastical Discipline by Dr. Broughton among the clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church? Surely not. In What respect, then, does Dr. Polding interfere with Dr. Broughton? Does he claim any civil privileges from his possession of the character of Archbishop? None. Even if he did, how could that claim infringe upon Dr. Broughton's rights, who possesses not any civil privileges from his character of Bishop? In fine, as in Ireland, as in the United States, as in Canada, as in Scotland, a Protestant Episcopal Bishop and Roman Catholic Episcopal Bishop may well exist within the same territorial limits, without interfering in any one respect with each other in the exercise of their proper functions, in the words of spirits," " the intellectual and spiritual government of the Anglican com- municants" is all that the Queen conferred upon Dr. Broughton, by creating him a Bishop; and a similar government of Roman Catholic communicants is all that is possessed by Dr. Polding, from his possession of the character of a Roman Catholic Archbishop. \- i On what grounds, then, and by what right, did Dr. Broughton publish his protest ? Against what was it directed? Against Dr. Polding exercising due discipline among the Roman Catholic clergy? But, in doing so, would Dr. Polding interfere with the Episcopal functions of Dr. Broughton? . If so, does Dr. Broughton claim the exercise of discipline among the clergy of the Roman Catholic Episcopal, as well as among the clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church? And if he does, did he ever attempt to enforce discipline among them? Did he ever call them to account, or admonish them episcopacy for errors in faith or 1 doctrine ? If he has no such claim, in what respect a . ' _," there be,- any Episcopal collision as to ^"Vuvlïch in his own church, between the test shown and the Bishop? If he has such a rightful life has Wully discharged his Episcopal functions, "¿r1UhAeafu»îhe protest was a false sure false in fact there being no ground of colli men between the two Episcopal functionaries-and MM In policy it has' Small wMJet leaving the area- ' Wm o the question,-" By what right does Dr. Broughton assert, what is strictly implied in his protest, the possession of territorial jurisdiction in these colo- es seeing that the letters patent of his appointment want him nothing more than the administration of Ecclesiastical discipline among the clergy of the Pro- | testant Episcopal Church ?" .... spinach" should leave the distinction between Bishop of the Church of England in England, and a Ruling in the colonies. The former is known to the law as in possession of certain civil rights within the diocese, in addition to his possession of the power of discipline among the clergy of his own church, the latter of which alone attaches to the Colonial, Bishop and he will find it difficult, by whatever exertion of ingenuity, to assimilate the two functionaries, further than that each has Episcopal authority among the clergy of his diocese. In this respect alone they cor respond-and in this respect they correspond with the Bishops in the early ages of Christianity, before the Christian religion was engrafted, by State policy, upon the Imperial Government. The diocese of the early Bishops, as superintendents over Christian men, in matters of religion and morality, was a religious and moral, not a territorial, civil, and political, diocese. The diocese of the Colonial Bishop is also religious and moral, not territorial, civil, or political and when it Colonial Bishop strays beyond the limits prescribed by the Apostolic injunction, read at his ordination, Take heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood," and enters upon a field of contention for civil distinctions or power, he is practically deporting from the spirit of that injunction, and not taking heed, either to himself or his flock, in the meaning of the injunction. On the various points adverted to in this communication, "Dinoth" will find ample materials for the exercise of his pen, and I shall wait with patience and without anxiety until his animadversions thereon make their appearance. A PROTESTANT. 