MONDAY.—-SEPTEMBER 11. Austin Kenna was indicted for the murder of Thomas Clark, at Goulburn, on the 19th November, 1842. This case was remarkable for the singular absence of provocation. It appeared that on the evening of Saturday, the 19th November, the prisoner and the deceased, together with a woman named Marian Mallon, who lived with the latter as his wife, were drinking to- gether in Mrs Mandleson's inn, Goulburn,— the prisoner having a gun with him. They were drinking porter, but in moderation, and the prisoner was quite sober, in which state he left the party before the others, who fol- lowed him soon after (between ten and eleven o'clock at night). The deceased lodged in the house of the prisoner, about a quarter of a mile off, and he asked the others to accom- pany him to the door, which they did. As they approached the house they saw the pri- soner walking in the verandah with his gun, and when the deceased got within four or five yards of him he cried, "Stand, or I'll send the contents of this through you." Clark, the deceased, was carrying at the time a bundle of broom stuff, a coat tied up in a handkerchief, and slung over his shoulder on the head of an axe with which he had been working during the day, and a live cock under his arm, so that he could scarcely have come with violent intentions. When he heard those words uttered by the prisoner, he laid the things on the ground, saying at the same time, "Will you? I pay the rent, and I'll go in when I like;" but before he had time to rise from his stooping posture, he was shot by the prisoner in the right side, and died in consequence on the 26th of the same month. There appeared to have been no pro- vocation whatever given at the time, and the cause of the quarrel between the parties was, that some time previously, the deceased had broken into the house because the prisoner would not let him in on account of the lateness of the hour, and had expressed a wish to get rid of him as a lodger, on account of his general disorderly conduct. Those are the facts ac- cording to the evidence for the prosecution. The different complexion given to the affair by the prisoner's witnesses will appear by their evidence. William Roberts, shoemaker, in Goulburn, deposed that he accompanied the deceased and his wife towards their home (the pri- oner's house) on the night they had been together at Mandelson's, and witnessed the tragic event exactly as related above. After the shot, witness said to the prisoner, "See what you have done. You do not know whether the man is dead or alive", upon which the prisoner said, "Silence! or I'll leave you the same way." Witness seeing the dying man by his side, and the prisoner with a double barrelled gun, with a charge, for aught the witness knew, still in the other barrell, was intimidated, and said no more. He afterwards saw the deceased in the hos- pital dead. The witness was severely cross examined by Mr. Nichols, who defended the prisoner; but nothing was elicited to give a different colour to transaction. He admitted, however, that he was the person who gave evidence against a man for the murder of Fuller, the murderer of whom, it afterwards turned out, was the notorious Curran, and the man who had been convicted of it (on the evidence of witness and others) was par- doned. Marian Mallon, alias Mrs. Clark, corrobo- rated the evidence of Roberts, and sustained her cross-examination with betraying in- consistency. Michael Doyle, who was a butcher in Goulburn at the time of Clark's death, and lived in the house of the prisoner, deposed that he was in bed at the time re- ferred to by the other witnesses, the window of his bedroom looking into the verandah, in which he heard a man walking up and down, and got out of bed to see who it was, and saw a man with a gun, on returning to bed, he said to his wife that he thought it was old Kenna. It about half an hour he heard the sound of persons coming towards the house, and heard the prisoner challenge them, upon which he heard the voice of Clark saying "Mr.". The prisoner then said "You shall not come in here to-night;" but Clark declared that he would, and was told by the prisoner that if he came one foot nearer he would put the contents of the gun through him; upon which Clark said "Will you? will you? will you? and immediately the gun went off, and a groan was heard. The witness then went outside, and seeing Clark on the ground, he said to the prisoner, "My God! you have shot the man;" on which the prisoner said, "Stand back, you robbers! I'm ready for two or three more." Besides the double- barrelled gun, prisoner had a pistol in his hand. His wife laid hold of the witness, but he got away from her, and gave information to the Chief Constable of Goulburn, and after- wards went for a doctor. Being cross-examined by Mr. Nichols, the witness said that Clark had broken into the house on one occasion, and that the prisoner had often told him (witness) that he wanted to get rid of Clark and his woman, and was determined to turn them out of the house, Clark had confessed to the witness (after he was shot) that he attempted to strike the prisoner with the axe. He had known the prisoner seven or eight months, and believed him to be a sensible, quiet man. Christopher Cook deposed, that about eight 0'clock on the 19th November, the night of Clark's death, the prisoner borrowed wit- ness' s fowling-piece, saying he wanted to go out shooting. Witness warned him (that being Saturday night) that he must not shoot on Sunday, but the prisoner said he would go out of the way, so as not to be seen by the constables. That was the gun produced in Court. He had some knowledge of the pri- soner, whom he believed to be a quiet man. Mr Nathan Mandleson, innkeeper in Goulburn, deposed, that he remembered the prisoner being in his house on the night in in question, when he had some rum. Witness asked him what he was doing with a gun at that time of night, to which he replied that he had been out shooting that day. He did not say that he intended to be out shooting next day, but had been that day. Clark was in the house at the same time, but there was no quarrel between the two, the parties were sober. Mr Hunt, the Chief Constable of Goulburn, deposed, that he took the prisoner into custody. At the time he came up, prisoner was in charge of another man, who had taken the pistol from him. Witness took possession of the pistol, removed the cap from it, and left it in other respects just as he found it, in which state it remained up to the present time. Witness asked Clark who had shot him, and he said, Kenna. Wit- ness then asked the prisoner why he had done so; and he said, because Clark had broken open his door with an axe. Witness sub- sequently examined the door, but could see no signs of its having been forced; he after- wards saw the gun found between the mat- tress and the bedstead, in a room adjoining that of the prisoner, and which could not be entered without going through the latter. He examined the gun, and found that one of the barrels had been recently discharged, being still warm the other was not loaded. He took it to the prisoner; asked him if that was the gun he shot the man with; and he said it was, he asked the prisoner if he would pay the fees if he (witness) took the man to the hospital, but he refused. Mr. R.M. Cartwright deposed, that he examined the body of the deceased, in Goul- burn Hospital, and extracted the shot which had caused his death; splinters of bone from the ribs had entered the lungs, causing in- flammation and ulceration, the latter being the immediate cause of death. In witness's opinion, if the bones had been extracted the ulceration would have been prevented, and the man might have survived; it was not necessarily a fatal wound; he was not pre- pared to say, however, that the case had been improperly treated; it was a matter of opinion. Mr. Nichols submitted that there was no proof of identity, and that, therefore, there was no case for the Jury: but on His Honor overruling the objection, he called, on the part of the prisoner, John Joyce, a plasterer, who lived in the prisoner's house at the time. This man gave quite a different story from the other wit- nesses: he said that Clark came into the verandah with the axe in his hand, and aimed a blow at the prisoner, who retreated a few steps, and was followed up by the deceased, who aimed another blow at him, in doing which the axe fell out of his hand, and as he was stooping to recover it, the gun in the pri- soner's hand went off. The witness could not say it was the prisoner who fired the gun, although it was in his hand. This witness was severely cross-examined by the SOLICITOR-GENERAL and it was evident that he was getting up a story in the prisoner's favour. Dr. Wall, the Coroner of Goulburn, cer- tified that the prisoner had expressed a desire to have a female witness produced in his favour, but who could not be found. James McCarthy, servant in Goulburn Hospital, deposed, that he asked the deceased if he would like to see his wife, but he said no, for it was she who had brought him to that; and also, that the deceased told him that as he was stooping for the axe the pri- soner shot him. Mr Hunt, the Chief Constable, who had just examined the pistol in an adjoining room, deposed, that he found it loaded with shot similar to that with which the prisoner had been wounded. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL then addressed the Jury, pointing out to them that they could not possibly believe Joyce if they believed the other witnesses; and that even if Joyce spoke truth, his evidence did not show that the deceased had done anything to warrant the course taken by the prisoner. THE CHIEF JUSTICE, in the course of summing up, appeared to concur in that view of the case. The Jury then retired to consider their verdict; during which time, Martin Beech and Lucretia Dunkley, convicted of the murder of Henry Dunkley, were brought up, and His Honour passed sentence of death upon them in the following impressive address — The season has at last arrived for announcement to you, after an elaborate trial of two days' duration, the fate by which the laws of God and man attends convicted murderers. Circumstances have afforded you both sufficient time for preparation to meet death in the most terrific and ignominious form. I fear, however, that neither of you have profitted by the delay of offended justice to soften the obduracy of hearts which could conceive the dreadful crime which stands recorded against you, in characters of crimson hue. You, Lucretia—a name ill assorted with the adultress and the murderer, exhibited on your trial, a tone and manner, accompanied by language, which might well excite doubt of your kindred with the human species, and lead to the conviction that the Devil himself had, for a time, assumed the female form. Your demeanour, even in this closing stage of the proceedings, leaves no room to doubt that you are still possessed by the same diabolical spirit. Some, and but a short time will be yet afforded you, in the gloom of solitude, and with the help of ghostly admonition, to allay, if possible, the storm of furious passions whieh still enthrals your soul. The sanguinary tragedy in which you two wretched beings have been the actors almost exceeds belief of its reality. But for proof, beyond doubt, it has the aspect of fiction. In modern times, your case is without a parallel for atrocity, in all its circumstanccs of aggravation. A servant—dipping his hand in the same dish with his master, drinking of the same cup, with Judas treachery stealing upon the sanctity of the marriage bed, and then extinguishing with Macbethian blood-thirstiness the life of that master, and looking to inherit his adulterous wife and his worldly goods as the reward of your murderous treason. A wife—the drunken polluter of the rites of Hymen, the violator of every tie by which the sacred institution of marriage can unite in holy wedlock, yielding to brutal lust, and with her paramour consummating her guilty passion in the blood of her husband ! These are but faint pictures of the blasted and unwholesome specimens of human nature now publicly exhibited at the bar of justice. Miserable beings! You now find how unavailing were your subsequent devices to conceal your dreadful crime. The finger of God was all along pointed at you! Providence has spared other lives, which no doubt you intended to sacrifice to conceal the horrors of that guilty night. After rioting in debauchery, and profanely trampling upon the domestic hearth of him you had slaughtered, the scenes of drunkenness and pollution which ensued naturally excited suspicion. These ill agreed with the truculent affectation of anxiety for the safety of the missing victim. At last, the journey to Goulburn with part of the spoil (contemplated as a means of gratifying your unrestrainable passions), was planned, to decoy both Shepherd the servant, and Farquhar the tenant, of the deceased, to a place convenient for destruction and concealment. The latter, doubtful of your purpose, resisted even a tempting reward to proceed with you. The lot fell upon the farmer; and there can be no doubt that but for his own wariness he would have been murdered, his body destroyed, and then the blood of his master laid at his doors. This, I am persuaded, was a part of your scheme. Happily it was frustrated. Justice has overtaken you. Murder has spoken with miraculous organ. You have struggled in the meshes of wickedness—have been caught—and you are now to be held up to the execration of mankind as monsters of human depravity. I forbear dwelling longer on a recital of your misdeeds. The time has arrived for Justice to claim her sacrifice. A speedy and ignominious death now awaits you. The humane spirit of the present age forbids the dreadful severity which in times not long gone by, when the treason of a murderous wife was expiated by burning alive. Happily for you, Lucretia, this frightful mode of death will not be your reword, however clamorously the voice of mankind might echo its justice in your instance. Were you now penetrated with a sense of the awful gulph into which you are about to be precipitated, no human device for suffering could aggravate your miserable fate. In neither of your breasts can the voice of conscience be stilled. Stifle it, you cannot, by any human art. The ghost of your murdered victim, in ghastly shape, must day and night present itself to your guilty minds, and his gaping wounds demand that retribution which laws divine and human award. Exhortation to a proper state of repentance is (if not long since begun), I fear, too late. You will have but little time now to make up with your offended Maker. I have reason to believe that this is not the first instance in which both of you have been involved in fearful crimes. Past warnings and sufferings have worked upon you no amendment; and in this climax of your guilty career, you must suddenly be paid off by the wages of a horrible death. It remains for the Court to enunciate the manner and place in which your fearful sentence (without the least hope of human mercy) is to take effect : and that is, "that you, Martin Beech, and you, Lucretia Dunkley, be severally taken thence to the prison from whence you came this morning, and that from thence you be taken to a place of public execution, on such day as His Excellency the Governor shall appoint, and that you be then and there severally hanged by the neck until your bodies be dead—and may God Almighty have mercy on your miserable souls!" Both the prisoners flippantly remarked, that they had not had a fair trial, and neither showed any signs of contrition—except that the female prisoner leaned her head on the rail of the dock while receiving sentence, and appeared to shake a little during the most touching parts of His Honor's address. Beech, on retiring, said he hoped he would have a fairer trial in the next world than he had had in this. The Jury on Kenna's case were then ushered into the box, and returned a verdict of "Guilty of murder," accompanied with a recommendation to mercy. He also received sentence of death. He commenced abusing the gentlemen of the Jury, saying that in his own country he would have been judged by a Jury of gentlemen instead of a set of bullock- drivers; and had to be removed from the dock by force. John Callaghan, who was arraigned on Monday on a charge of cattle stealing, but whose case was postponed on the application of the Solicitor-Genera!, was then placed at the bar charged with having, at Cook's Vale, on the 22nd June last, stolen a cow the pro- perty of John Croper. John Croper and Patrick Conlan, alias Con- naught Paddy, proved the case against the prisoner. The Jury immediately found him guilty, and he was sentenced to two years in an ironed gang. Henry Mackay, convicted of violating a child, was then brought up for judgment, which he received in the following words :— Henry Mackay, The offence of which you have been found guilty has every feature of atrocity and brutality to characterize it, short only of deliberate murder. In one sense it is perhaps more heinous, because the mind of your living victim of bodily outrage has been robbed of its purity, and prematurely tainted with the knowledge of vice. Fortu- nately for you, the law officers of the Crown did not prosecute you for a capital crime (of which there was abundant proof to convict you), for if they had, and you had been found guilty, I must have left you for execution, without the least hope of mercy. In the course of my long experience I have never heard of a case more satisfactorily proved, and certainly none in which a disposition rife of heartless, deliberate, and malignant atrocity, was so strongly evinced. Yours is the case of a monster of mature age—married too!—kidnapping an innocent child from her unsuspecting parents, under the canting hypocritical pretence of instructing her in religious principles, and improving her mind by useful knowledge—eloping clandestinely with her to a place of secresy, and passing her off as your own daughter, and then taking advantage of her helpless state to rifle her of her chastity by brutal violence ; then, after accomplishing your diabolical purpose, carrying her from place to place during a series of months—in all of those places rendering her the instrument of your profligacy. Resorting to concealment from detection, by the dominion acquired over the sufferer, by threats of bodily injury if she divulged her misery ; you, after the lapse of many months of mental anguish to her afflicted parents, are at length, by means of an advertisement, discovered with your victim—whose emaciated and half starved appearance too eloquently betrayed the brutality of the miscreant hands into which she had fallen. Every step in the elaborate and artfully concocted defence made on your trial confirmed the truth of the child's simple tale of sorrow and wretchedness, which, if not established by the most irresistible proof, would have been deemed incredible. The audacity of the matter and manner of your defence could not but excite horror and disgust. The measure of your punishment is left to the discretion of the Court—which is simply that of imprisonment and hard labour. I deeply regret that there is no mode of carrying out the sentence I am bound to award, by setting you to hard labour in Berrima Gaol. You have already suffered 12 months' imprisonment, during which it seems you have had ill health. It is impossible, however, for the Court to refrain from passing such a sentence as shall inflict some additional chastisement for your offence, and, at the same time, give you abundant opportunity for mental reflection on the enormity of your crime. The sentence of the Court is, that you be imprisoned in her Majesty's Gaol at Berrima for 12 calendar months, and that during eleven of those months you be placed in solitary confinement in the second week of each month, and that in the last week of your imprisonment you be kept in like solitary confinement, and then discharged. Edward Moyer Smith, convicted of uttering a forgery, was next placed in the dock, where he appeared with white kid gloves, and waved his hand gracefully as he handed a paper for the perusal of the Judge. His HONOR told the prisoner that the letters he had handed to him only tended to show more clearly the amount of his guilt and folly, by showing that he had enjoyed the confidence and esteem of his employers, and had therefore the less excuse for the course of crime he had entered upon, notwithstanding his opportunities of filling a respectable station in life. It was lamentable to see a young man like him, who manifested by his language and manners a liberal education and superior capacity, thus recklessly plunging for the second time into a guilty career, after the sentence of seven years' transportation, which he had received as the punishment of his former crime, had just been expiated. The very circumstance of the white kid gloves, with which he had the audacity to appear at that bar, showed that he was a hard- ened man. His Honor concluded by award- ing him the sentence of transportation for life. As he left the dock, the prisoner tossed his head contemptuously. Charles Cartwright, convicted of a similar offence to that of Smith, was next placed at the bar, and received sentence to the same effect. Thomas Coyle, for cattle stealing, was sentenced to two years labour on the roads, and John Haig, for the same offence, was sentenced to transportation for ten years. Joshua King, also convicted for cattle steal- ing, was then brought up for judgment, and on account of the excellence of his previous character, of the recommendation of the Jury, and of the present being his first offence, received sentence of the lenient punishment of six months' imprisonment in Berrima Gaol. A number of prisoners were then brought up, and received notice of postponemert of their trials respective, till the next Quarter Sessions, and a few were discharged on account of the imprisonment they had already undergone being deemed sufficient atonement for their offences. His HONOR then briefly addressed the Jury, passing upon them a high encomium for the zeal and intelligence they had displayed There was not one of their verdicts but met with his unqualified approval, and as for the case in which they had not bren able to come to an understanding upon their verdict, it was one in which a conscientious doubt might be entertained. 