REVIEW. -o— (From the Tablet.) The Bible in Spain; or the Journeys, Adventures, and Imprisonments of an Englishman in an At tempt to circulate the Scriptures In the Peninsula. By George Borrow; 3 vols. The writer of this work is already known to our readers by his former little treatise on the Spanish gipsies. The present work is not unlike the former in many respects; but it differs from it by giving us a somewhat clearer insight into the author's where. about and personality, and by leading us with a wider sweep through that peculiar range of character with which Mr. Borrow has the most especial sym pathy. Here, as heretofore, we have the gipsies— thieves, murderers, and cheats, as our author de scribes them, and himself their familiar companion, so far adapting himself to their style of conversation and behaviour, as to be by them confidently believed to be one of their own order, and a warm friend of the " law of the Cale's." But, in addition to the gipsies, Mr. Borrow is the confidential intimate of all the other classes of scoundrels which the soil of Spain, fertile in evil and in good, so lavishly pro duces. The lowest orders of smugglers are his chosen allies in waging war against the papal or monkish system, and in promoting the circulation of the Holy Scriptures, and the practice of vital Chris tianity throughout the Peninsula. Into his ears, as into those of a sympathising brother, are poured the indignant complaints of a Jew thief zealous for the security of the perpetrators of " the gold dust rob- bery." 'And his admiration for the religious cha racter of the bloody cut-throats of Tangier and Algiers warms him into a vehement rebuke of those who presume to exalt the idolatry of Catholicism above the pure theism of the polygamical murderers of North Africa. In short, wherever our author finds a person upon whom the moral restraints of the Catholic faith sit too heavily, a hater of all creeds whatever, an outlaw from all society, or an enemy of Rome on the score of nation or of race, there he secures a friend, sympathy, and admira tion; and he gives back what he receives in return. It is true, Mr. Borrow has a peculiar theory on this head. He admits that he knows nothing about the ' respectable" classes in Spain ; and he takes a pride in the fact that lie associates only with the lowest orders of society ; but then he congratulates himself with the reflection tita', in this, at least (if in ncthing else), he resembles our Saviour. Our Saviour lived in the company of publicans and sin. ners, and denounced the self-sufficient pride and hypoctisy by which the ruling classes in Judea were then distinguished. Mr. Borrow lived among the corresponding orders in Spain, and faithfully imitates oar Saviour in tile strong language which he pours forth against the spiritual guides and rulers of this latter country. Our Saviour, we believe, no where denounces all spiritual rulers as resembling the Pharisees of the first century; but he was omniscient, and knew the men against whom His reprosches were directed. Our author's imitation would be perfect if only hbe possessed the same omniscience. This was, of course, impossible; but still, like a zealous (though unprofitable) servant, he does what ie can ; and, as he cannot come up to his omnipo- tent model in one respect, he strives, not unsuccess fully, to surpass it in another-we mean in the use of contumelious language. Our author is a famous hand at calling names. And 3et, though Mr. Borrow professes his entire ignorance of the upper and better educated classes— among whom are to be reckoned those whom he thus censures—we may be very sure he never passes the limits of charity in the rebukes Ihe administers to them. If we wanted any direct evidence of this, we should find it in the 26th page of the second volume, in which, alluding to the readiness with which cer. tain unfavourable reports were received in Spain, he adds this comment:-" Unhappy land, but not until the pure light of the Gospel has illumined thee, wilt thou learn that tile greatest of gifts is charity." In accordance with this excellent sentiment, our author exhibits throughout a firm and beautiful con. viction that rash judgments, to the injury of one's neighbour, are truly Popish and diabolical in their origin; and that wherever the Gospel light has found its way, there tirhe illuminati are, as a necessary result, mild, just, and tolerant. We give the fol. lowing specimens: - *" After having performed my morning devotion, and breakfasted, I went down to the kitchen ; the girl Geronima was seated by the fire. I enquired if she had heard mass I She replied in tile negative, and that she did not intend to hear it. Upon my en quiring her motive for absenting herself, she replied, that since thle friars had been expelled from their churchles and convents, site had ceased to attend mass, or to confess herself ; for that the government priests had no spiritual power, and consequently sithe never troubled them. She said the friars were holy men and charitable, for that every morning those of tihe convent oveur the way fed forty poor persons with the relics of the meals of the preceding day, but that now these people were allowed to starve. I replied, that the friars, who lived on tile fat of the land, could well afford to bestow a few bones upon their poor, and that their doing so was merely a ,url of" their policy, by which they hoJped to secure to rhem. selves friends in time of need." Our readers, we are sure, will be struck with the connexion between the peculiar morality of tis last sentiment, and its source or origin as given in the first half sentence. It was necessary to have the gift of pure gospel light to be able to pass so readily from '! my morning devotion" to this I.eculiar style of describing the character and motives of those whom the writer had never seen or known. On another occasion, it seems that in Madrid some unknown ruffian came up to Mr. Borrow at night, " in a dark street," " and told me that unless I discontinued selling my Jewish books, I should have a knife nailed iri my heart." 1lr. Borrow answered ps became a Bible missionary, by request ing the man to go home and say his prayers, and tell his employers that Mr. B. pitied thlem. The man " turned sway with an oath," and was no more seen. But even in that dark street the light of gospel charity shone so brightly, as to reveal to Mr. Borrow that the rutfian's " employers" were " the clergy." On another occasion we find our gospel author irritated at the opposition given to his proceedings by tIre clergy, informing his interlocutor that their motives, for opposing his endeavours to root out Catholicism were purely avaricious. "I replied, that like the Pharisees of old, they cared more for the gold of the temple than tile temple itself." Of course, our author had first ascrtained the fact, But let us leave these worn- out matters. Mr. Borrow professes to have penetrated into the penetralia of Spanish life; to have seen what few people besides himself have had an opportunity of seeing; and to have possessed hlimself of the hitherto unspoken secrets of the Peninsula. How far this is true, and hIow far, if it be true, he has truly reported what he Ihas thus spied out, it is obviously impossi bloe for us to form a direct judgment. But by passing from the knoWn to thie unknown we may be able to form some kind of indirect opinion on the subject. Hils first approach to Spain was through Portugal. At Lisbon Ite was very hospitably re ceived at the English College; and he gives with much frankness an account of the private conversa tioas that passed between him and hIris reverend Iltosts. In doing so we have to notice an admira ble piece of management truly worthy of a gospel professor. He is perfectly aware that some parts of the conversation were not meant for the public ear and therefore he prints this part at full length, supplying by asterisks one or two words that any reader of ten years old would supply. He thus gratifies Iris readers by giving the conversation entire, and exhibits a tenderness of conscience which seems to be borrowed from some of the best known Sabbath papers of dsis metropolis. We thus have the author's character for hIonour under his own hivnd. The close of tile conversa. tion is truly edifying. He makes the "samiable' and "corttteous" clergyman induge in some remnarlks ofextraordinary anti.Irish biltterrtess-the~ein typi. fyiog the Catholics by five asteraisks, and darkly shadowing forth O'Coonell by tlnee title "a certain pesrson," who we are told "is a disgrace to tIe church." At the end of these remarks our author adds this quiet interrogatory r r "Myslf.-I believe there is an Irish College in Sthis city 1 "ectror--I believe there I,; but it does not flourish, there are few or nopupils. Oh I" SThis last question and answer we understand to Sbe a clheerful cltuckle on the part of the inventor thereof, at the notion of tire kindly feeling that is likely to prevail between the rulers of tile two col. Sleges, after his book has made its appearance, and this record of confidenti al intercourse has scn tie light. l'o damp and allay this cheerfulness a little, we beg to inform all those whom it may concern, and our Irish friends more particularly, that it is, as nearly as may be, utterly impossible that such a conversation can have occurred. The notion that the rector of the English college should pretend only to " believe" in the existence of an Irish col. lege, is a touch of extravagance that marks the greatness of the inventor's gusto. As to the pre-' tended dislike of O'Conuell and the Irish, we are not, of course, authorised to speak on such a matter; but our own private information leaves no doubt on our minds that this whole dialogue is a pure and pleasant fabrication. We confess, we were much edified to meat within the first hundred pages of tlhe first volume this test of our bible worshipper's honesty and honour. It is now time for us to inform our readers that this three volume book contains the record of three or four years' labours of an agent of the Bible So. ciety to circulate the Bible in the Peninsula. It deserves, as we have already shown, little credit for the exactness of its statements, or for the fairness of its deductions ; but it is, nevertheless, a most re markable picture of the manner in which these people have been wont to move earth and hell to aid the infidel, the revolutionist, and tihe outlaw, in rooting out, in a land already suffering from anarchy, the last ties of social order and security ; and a most remarkable picture likewise of the manner in which, in the person of the Earl of Clarendon, Whig diplomacy dabbled in Spanish intrigue-making and unmaking ministries-and did its utmost to strength. en the infidel party by helping Mr. Borrow against, the clergy continually to violto tirhe law. Those who may desire to understand these things for them. selves, and moreover, to peruse a very curious and entertaining narrative of strange adventures in this wild land, in which the actor, though a man of much gasconade, conceit, impudence, cant, and, nas we. have already seen, untrruth, is yet distinguished by intrepidity, peoseverance, and intelligence of no common order-will do well to read this work. Let us give a few specimens of its traveller's tales. SPANISH BLASPHEMY. e' Oft when I was sharing at nightfall the frugal fare of the villager of Old or New Castile, on hearing the distant shot of the Christino soldier or Carlist bandit, he would invoke curses on the heads of the two pretenders, not forgetting the lloly Fatler and the goddess of Rome, Maria Santissima." This notion of cursing Maria Santissima strikes us as peculiarly happy. ANTI-PAPAL SMUGGLERS. " Most of these men spoke of priestcraft and the Monkish system with the utmost abhorrence,'and said they should prefer death to submitting again to the yoke which had formerly galled their necks. I questioned them very particularly respecting the opinion of their neighbours and acquaintances on this point, and they assured me that in their part of the Spanish frontier all were of the same mind, and that they cared as little for the Pope and his monks as they did for Don Carlos; for the latter was a dwarf (chicotito) and a tyrant, and the others were plunderers and robbers. I told them they must beware of confounding religion with priestcraft, and that in their abhorrence of tire latter they must not forget Ithat there is a God and a Christ to whom they must look for salvation, and whose word it was in cumbent upon them to study on every occasion; whereupon they all expressed a devout belief in Christ and the Virgin." We can readily imagine these hardy outlaws to be peculiarly intolerant of the yoke of religion. and to have a great fancy for placing thleir necks in the soft collar of unbelief. 'These gentlemen are a great catch for Protestantism. In Portugal Mr. Borrow finds a Portuguese peasant wearing a charm round his neck, as a protection against robbers. 'this charm our author deciphers, He finds it to be a series of prayers and ejaculations " written in bad Portuguese," and he adds the following reflections: "The belief in witchcraft is very prevalent amongst the peasantry of the Alemtejo, and I believe of other provinces of Portugal. This is one of the relics of the monkish system, the aim of which, in all countries where it has existed, seems to have been to besot the minds of the people, that they might be more easily misled. All these charms were fabrications of the monks, who had sold them to their infatuated confessants." Now we surely have no occasion to recur to the trite but true observation, that the decay or downfal of Catholicism in any country has always been sig nalized by the extraordinary prevalence of these baleful superstitions; that the great theatre for withcraft has been Protestant and Puritan England and New England; that the very savages of Ame- rica, comparing the Catholic settlers from France with the Protestants from England, had a saying that " the Great Spirit sends no witches" among the French: that while Calamy, Baxter, Hopkins, Sir Matthew Hale, and Sir Thomas Browne, were urging or sanctioning witch persecutions, Protestant Sweden was illustrated by cruelties of like atrocity that Sir Isaac Newton had a sort of faith in the medical eflicacy of wearing certain precious stones; and the author of the " Anatomy of Melancholy" believed in herbs gathered on a Friday. All these Protestant relics of Popery are trite and familiar enough in the gross. But it is more to our purpose here to show that while our author, without evi- dence, asserts these charms, " written in bad Por- tuguese," to be " fabrications of the monks" (which of course is itself a pure fabrication), the clergy in the Peninsula are employed in denouncing witch- craft and these very charms, and speak of the great increase of this superstition as following hard upon the expulsion of the monks and orthodox clergy, By a very odd coincidence it happens that in the narrative of the recent events relating to the "church in Portugal," of which we published part last week, there occurs a passage lamenting this very state of things. We extract the following sentences:— " Amongst those wits still call themselves Chris- tians, much superstition exists at they seek to cure complaints by escritinos, little pieces of paper folded in a certain form, and scribbled over with figures like algebraical ones ; those papers are kept in the bosom as if they were relics, the bearer expecting to be cured by them. The belief in the existence of ghosts and witches is also on the increase." Another pleasant extravagance of our author is to represent the people as extremely ignorant of the Scriptures, though extremely intelligent in all other repects. When questioned about the Scriptures, they had never heard of them, and knew not even what their questioner meant. We need hardly retort by begging our Biblical to return home to Norfolk, the peasantry of which are far more degraded than even he describes the Portuguese to be —inasmuch as they are dull and stupid in every respect, and (far from knowing anything about the Scriptures) are found, on official investigation, to be ignorant even of the existence of Providence. Neither need we direct attention to the theological proficiency of our children of the mines. We meet these dishonest assertions by quoting another of the same kidney, but too extravagant to meet with any belief,even fron the most desperate. At page 190 of the third volume, our author tells us that a late professor of philosophy in Madrid—a friar, of course—was so ignorant as to confound the Scriptures "with the works of Virgil." This at once stamps the character of the writer. The Times, in a very fair and candid criticism of this work, has hinted a doubt as to whether Mr. Borrow is a member of the Church of England. We should say most certainly not. In page 383 of the third volume, occurs the following sentence: —" With respect to Christ, their (the Moors) ideas even of him are much more just than those of the Papists: they say he is a mighty prophet; whilst, according to the others, he is either a piece of bread or a helpless infant." This, of course, involves two falsehoods; but we quote it merely to show that the author disbelieves the incarnation of the Second Person of the Trinity. He is, in fact, a Socinian, Moreover, his Socianism is of a very brutal and loathsome kind. At page 343, he describes himself as entering a Moorish mosque :-" I looked around for the abominable thing and found it not; no scarlet strumpet with a crown of false gold sat nursing an unly changeling in a niche." He then goes on with much civility to say, " Come here, Papists, and take a lesson. * * * Fool, thy walls are " stuck with idols; thou callest a stone thy Father, and a piece of rotting wood the Queen of Heaven. Fool," &c.; To all which elegancies of language we answer very shortly, " Fool ! thou liest." We had a good deal more to say about this work, but our space is nearly exhausted. The oddity of it is, that while from a great part of it you might imagine that the writer was a mere roving man of the world, to whom it cost nothing to be a looker on, at least at a gipsy cheat, a smuggler's fraud, a vagabond Jew's " gold dust robbery," or any other extravagant proceeding, so that he might gratify his taste for flash life—he every now and then crams his piece of anti-popish blasphemy as a sop to his Earl- street employers. In particular, towards the close of the third volume, the man raves likes the Demoniac among the tombs. However, to show the value and consistency of the author's opinion on these matters, we will just put side by aide two sets of opinions. At page 89 of the second volume, he tells us that Popery is " a delusion which more than any other has tended to debase and brutalize the human mind;" and at page 79 of the third volume, he informs as that " Rome is fully aware that she is not a Christian church, and has no desire to become so." Compare these " beauties of Borrow" with the following, from the first volume, on the Jesuits :—" " I am ready to assert that there are no people in the world better qualified, on the whole, to be intrusted with the education of youth. Their moral system and discipline are truly admirable.'--p. 94. Are the Jesuits Papists ? This passage is enough to prove to de monstration that the appearances of fanaticism else where exhibited are mere appearances—dirty and dishonest tricks of the Bible-Society-trade. 'rANT OF EMPLOYBIitNT IN ENO LAND.-An advertisement having been inserted In a London paper for a respectable young man as clerk or manager, salary 30s. per week, a person applied at the address given, and found at seven o'clock above 600 letters. lie was told that 150 came by the six o'clock posti that there was another ipost then to come, and the country letters next morning. the letters by hand were also pouring in as fast as they could be received. IMPORTANT IN IBANKRUPI' CASES. -We copy the following from the Liverpool Times, in relation to the affairs of the unfortunate Bank of Manchester :--" On Friday last tihe commissioners of bankruptcy at Manchester decided that the Bank of Manchester had forfeited its claim: to the enon mous sum of £170,000. due to it from the bankrupt estate of Joseph Raleigh and Co;, by receiving certain payments from the bankrupts alter a docket had been struck against them."-Southrrn Austra. lina. 