Original Correspondence ROBERT COOPER, SENIOR, AND COMPANY. To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN, - My occupation being that of a poor "penny-a-liner, ' whom the public at their breakfast-table look to for a " full, true, and particular account of the occurrences of the past day, I, in my vocation went yesterday evening to the Three Crowns, and having worked my way into the room to hear the speeches of the different advocates in Mr Cooper's behalf as a candidate for the Legis- lative Assembly, took up my position accordingly The room was full to suffocation; and until the windows were opened, the evaporation from the oxygenous mixture of various gases tended much towards the tolal destruction of olfactory nerves not used to such corporeal exhalations. The committee being sedulously arranged on either side of the long table, at the upper end stood THE CHAIR, well set off by sundry was lights, &c; the secretary, with his portfeuille of office, was at his proper station, on the "right of the line". The window-sills had been possessed early by persons having nothing to do, less to say, but excellent at observing and listening. All the debateable ground was taken up - house full and no half- price. Unfortunately, whilst these things were pressing upon my notice, my hat got out of place, and lost all my slips and pencils - so that the speeches are noted according to the best of my memory alone. Full half an hour evaporated in "dull sus- pense" ere the the great "star" of the even- ing was to appear, only relieved by my occa- sional call for " Chair-chair" from the "side walls", and further appeased by the chairman stating that Mr Cooper was "sure to be there," as he had been "seen" by several of the gentlemen present, "and, added he, "I hope soon, for the magistrates, in the most ungentlemanly manner, have refused the house to be open after 10 o clock." Several false alarms of "Cooper-Cooper!" accompanied by eagerly anticipated pleasure, in shouts successively kept up, to "wile away the tedium of the "sons of freedom" having to wait for the "champion of liberty". At length he came, and with much difficulty, from the extreme pressure without, and the little need of it within, he was finally " squeezed up" to the post of honour, or upper end Three cheers for Cooper ' ' Three cheers for Newman!!! Order being restored the business of the evening commenced by a quitet going unassuming sort of man, who was followed by a stiff act ruddy faced, good looking man, of determined visage, promising a resolution to the effect that only one man in the world could represent them properly, and that was Mr Roheit Cooper, the gentle nen then present, and known universally as the woiking man's friend. His observations were in full accordance with the tenor of the resolutions-he stuck close to the conviction that nothing on earth could prevent their man from coming in, and so " he ought to do, being one "of themselves". This done, the seconder, with all possible solemnity and theatrical exerition, like Slen- ders ghost, rose up, I thought he never would have finished the elongatory principle He, however, soon convinced his hearers of his oratorical powers, and that he came there avowedly to speak, with all his might and strength. He flourished about (to the as lonished unsophisticated sons of toil) pon "Hampden's body and "Sydney's head as they were left n sad memorial, only to be bandied about at a game of battle dine and-shuttlccock, by every violent declaimer, even to the antipodes ' He gloriously maintained the rights of the people- despising the sanction of Magna Charta, he constituted all rights in the people, and declared in the most impassioned mood, that the only man in the world for their cause ins Mr Robert Cooper, their friend -their honly friend Always prefacing, by way of ' hempases, every word with an h, and doubling every consonant, besides the additional effect given to such sentences as " hallvay s, "wo\ hoppolj nocks Dee , and woitls, as hotbci 1 untied hatci, h inltuosil), hintcrest, wotes, He, the effect produced was truly astonishing. The delight with which this oration was received must have impressed many an honest man there, lint there is something after all in the powers of education worth listening to, at least for ten minutes. He sitting down-the meeting gaping with amazement and rapture, produced by the force of eloquence-up lose, amidst the thud- der claps of honest mens hands, the " tremendous opposition ' of the 'Majesty of the People Much call of-" Order, order, took place. Breathless and motionless under the spill and cliaim of excitement and ex- pectation, the meeting, with protruded ears and open mouth, received admonition and ad- vice to the following words, from the "Nestor ' of thirty years approval and fidelity. Gentlemen,-I never expected to see such a quantity of people together in one room, or such an audience -I wish the room was bigger. I li now go to my principles, and tell you what you've got to do, and what you've all here about. it's ltd support us and your- selves; if you dont, do one, it's no use the other; I must be brought in by you, and be supported by you when in. But what's the huse of my being there with thirty-five all against me without you support me in? I shall have but one wote and one woice; and what's that, without you form yourselves into committee and clubs;, and delegate me by petition, petition, petition, to redress your wrongs? It's no use without—it's all a bottle of smoke—without you keep on petitioning through me . They can't stand against the woice of the people; they, know that well enough in the tea concern in America. Now all you working men must be protected—that's what I mean—and I must do it—and what's more I will too—(great applause)—but I can't do it without you got me in first. It's the working man I speak of that are starving—I can tell you that a gentleman told me only to-day, that there were hundreds of thousands of shoes imported here every year, whilst the shoemakers (and capital men too) are hobligated to turn cobblers to earn a bit o'bread;—and the cabinet-makers, too, are all as bad off, running about the streets for work. I tell you, since I ''seed" you last, I called on the Governor and told him all about it—he's a wide-awake knowing hand. However, he has altered the duties in some respect—but that won't do any good to the working classes—it ought to be kept out of the colony altogether—we can make it here now. I'll tell you how they do in England to take care of the working classes:—because l would not pay 40s. duty on an old chest of drawers I took over, they smashed 'em all to pieces—and so we ought to do here—over- board's the plan. (Giant applause.) Then, the poor tailors are all over the streets, and can't get a job no how. I say, let 'em all pay for their English goods and things if they like it—but don't let the working man here want a job: and what a pretty thing that wine affair is—a poor man has to pay about 3d. on a glass of grog, whilst the rich pay about 2d. a bottle only on his bottle of wine. It's all humbug—I say stop it all together. (In- cessant uproar of applause.) Gentlemen we're tight up for room—they won't let us be here after ten, and so as I have declared my principles, I still say the only way I can be of any service to you is by all of you giving me a plumper—every man's "wote" I must have now—and his support after, or it's a no use whatever; only get me in and I'll carry you through, and make ye all happy and com- fortable for life. Gentlemen I thank you. Thunders of applause and cheers of appro- bation succeeded the speech, after which, another resolution was presented, couched in terms that "there was no other man in the whole colony the working man's friend but Mr. Cooper, and he ought to have every man's plumper, &c.;" Is he not, vociferated this ardent son of the Emerald Isle, a working man like one of us— has he not a family here, is he not a man to hire the working man when he wants bread? I agree with him, we want non importation laws against both persons and goods. There are plenty of men now out of work—and the mechanic is willing to do all the work required in the very articles foreigners are sending in here, and they go about starving. [Much ap- plause.] No we are the people, and moreover right, and we, the working classes are not going with sharpened swords and pointed bayonets to carry our petition by: No; we only take a sheet of "paper," show our grievances, and carry them, through Mr. Cooper, to the Queen in Council herself—where the voice of the people will be heard. This orator continued on much in this strain for some time, as Cobbett used to say of the blacking man, "fancying himself the 'funny' man, in his own opinion, who knew how to govern mankind." This done, after much cheering and huzzaing, the meeting dispersed, well satisfied with the principles promulgated. A FUNNY MAN. 