PUSEYITE CATECHISMS.-THE "AUSTRALIAN ' In the Australian 'of Tuesday,' we saw a 'sort of semi-lugubrious—semi-impudent extract from the London Statesman, com mencing thus :-".In our last, we briefly noticed one of the most distressing branches of the Puseyite heresy-viz., the cruel, treacherous, and horrible manufacture of Popish Catechisms for the poor young lambs of the Church of England fold,". &c.; &c.; Then the writer goes on to place, in juxta position, extracts from those.. Catechisms, and what he calls corresponding doctrines out-of Popish Catechisms. The whole ar ticle is rife with the most insulting nick names, and all the hackneyed and vulgar slang of Exeter Hall, in vituperation of Catholic doctrine. It is true that the extract in question is news: it is true that it is a quotation from another print: it is true also,; that the Aus tralian makes no comment of its own upon it; aind it may be true, that he is not aware that its drift and object, nay, its very terms, are most insolently offensive to every Ca tholic who has the least spark of spirit, or any respect for that pure and holy faith he has the happiness to possess. Or it may be, that like the Irish' cook who was skin ning the live eels, when her friend remon strated-on the cruelty of it, " 'sure, said she, ain't they always used to it.?" Pos sibly,,the Australian may, imagine that we have been so " used" to be slandered --that it's a very innocent process. It is very remarkable, that of all the writers who have defended the cause of Protestantism, or any one of its numerous branches, from the writer of,-the Books' of Homilies, down to the Statesman,'quoted, not one has been able to sustain his cause but by calumniating the 'Catholic :nor is there one, from the Compilers.of the Thirty-nine Articles, to Messrs. M'Ghie, O'Sullivan, and; M'Neile, (what a trio of Celtic re formers !) who have faithfally described it' as it is: they dread to show her in her na tive beauty; but cover her with filthy rags of their own manufacture, and then throw dirt upon her. They form a monster, that never had existence but in their own imagination, knock him on the head, and then claim' the honor of a triumph ! It is curious too, that their only claim to be a Church at all, is by shewing not only con formity, but identity with the.Cathohle, and getting. thus into possession; and having so got, their great point of honor and pride is, to show that they are not like her at all.; That there is no popery in their religion ! Thus strangely. do they contradict them selves! But their logic! It may be comprised in this syllogism:. Popery is false ergo the 39 Articles are true! Just such another as this, a man is not at Rome, ergo, he is, in London! Thus they reason, It re minds us of a smuggler brought before the Magistrates in Kent, and being asked "what his religion was," said "he did not know." "Are you a Protestant?" ' "Noa." "A Dissenter*?" " Noa." "You are not a Quaker ?" " Noa." Perhap" you are a Papist?" " Noa, I beant quoite so bad as that neetha !" So of our friend of the Statesman ," provided a man is not a Papist, or Romanist, he must be in some 'true re ligion. Catholic writers 'never rest the truth of their faith upon the truth or the falsehood of any other : in their formulae, or dogmatical treatises, they never condescend so much as to notice any opponent tenets; and if they ever mention them, it is of necessity, and solely for the purpose of guarding their flocks against, "new and strange doctrine." The Statesman seems to assume that no thing is like Popery but Puseyism: we, just to set him right a bit, as to his own religion, beg to quote a few resemblances, not from Puseyite Catechisms, but from authentic Protestant rubrics. CATECHISM. Q. "What is the inward part or tiring sigý nified ?" A. " The body and blood of Christ, which are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper." VISITATION OF THE SICK. The minister says to the sick matn, who has confessed his sins to him The Lord Jesus Christ, which bath left power to his Church. to absolve all sinners * * * , by his authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost-Amen." ORDINATION OP PRIESTS. The Bishop says to the candidate for holy orders "Receive the HOLY GnosT for the work pf a Priest * * whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven: and whose sinathou dost retain, they 'are retained." ST. mICIAEL ANDý.ALL: ANGELS- Priyfe. S * ' * ,Mercifully grant thatias thy holi. angeledoalways do thee service in heaven; so - by thy appointment, they may succour and defend us on earth: through, &c.;" So that the Statesman need not be so wroth against Puseyism on account of its con formity with Popery.: for here we have, in four principal supposed Popish errors, not only conformity, but absolute identity,- so far as language can convey meaning. Was language given to man for the pur pose of suppressing, or of declaring his ideas? If the latter, then in these four points, the Church of England is most decidedly Popish :. if, on the other hand, the right use of language is to conceal our sentiments, and convey ideas different from what is expressed, then deceit is a virtue: duplicity a duty: and perjury impossible! We would just say then at parting, one word to the Statesman, medice cura teipsum : " Doctor, physic thyself:" " take first the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to take the mote out of thy, brother's eye." Cure thy own reli gion first of its popery, and then turn upon the Puseyists, and cure their's also. Though we are tired of the quaestio vexata, "the weary subject," yet we should be curious to ask the Statesman a question or two:-1st. By what` right he uses the words Puseyite Heresy ?-2nd. Does Holy Scripture contain all that is necessary to salvation, or does it not ?-4th. Is private judgment, the right and privilege by divine appointment, of every man in interpreting that scripture, or is he to look to some hu man authority, extrinsic to himself ?-5th. If each man has the right of private judg ment, why should the writer in the States man dare to call him an heretic who follows a guide whom God has appointed him; and cannot 'the so-called heretic justly retort and throw back the term heretic to its au thor ?-6th. If each man has it not, how is the first, or any other reformer justified in renouncing all authority ? Primo solus eram, wrote Martin Luther: "I stood alone at first." We could not refrain from giving ex pression to those few thoughts, at seeing quoted in Sydney, from a violent London print, an article containing a lot of nick names and inuendos, such as mystery of iniquity, Papists, Popery, Romanists, dislike of preaching, &c.; &.c; &c.; We fully concede the right of the Aus tralian to attack or defend any set of re ligious principles he thinks fit: but in doing so, we hope his good taste will exclude from his columns, articles insulting to parties,.who do not wish to interfere with or trouble him; and especially such tissues of low Billingagate as the one alluded to. 