PUNCH'S LETTERS TO HIS SON. LETTER IV,—OK TIIE CHOICE OF A PROFES- SION, MY DEAR CHILD,—You say, you are anxious to select for yourself an agreeable and profitable profession, and solicit my paternal counsel to assist you in your choice. This brings to my recollection", that your darling mother once begged that I would accompany her to a mercer's, to choose a gown. We entered the shop, and desired an inspection of the warehouseman's commodities. Velvets—cut, flowered and plain ; satins of all colours; sarsnets; silks, shot with thunder and lightning, muslins, poplins, bombazccns, pompadours — all the beautiful products of the loom were graciously taken from the shelves, and displayed upon the counter before us. Sotne two or three hours were agreeably passed in this way; when your dear mother, with one of her sweetest smiles, thanked the shopmen for their trouble, then said, "she thought she could only afford a ten-penny gingham " My dear boy,—1 fear it will be thus with you in your choice of a profession. I may, it is true, unroll an archbishop's lawn before you—may call your earnest attention to a Lord Chancellor's ermine,— may request you to feel the weighty bullion of a commanderin-chiePs epaulets,—to weigh in your hand the gold-headed cane of a court physician— and when all this is done, you may call for the leather apron of a coblcr, or the goose and needle of a tailor. f wish-—and lie^ven witness iny aspiration —that fa 'voar birth the law of primogeniture Lad bound you apprentice to £15,000 per annum, besides my good- will, when I slept beneath-a slab of marble: such a calling must be a very pretty business, and believe me, I should have mightily liked to be your master. As fortune has ordered it otherwise, let us look at the professions. Will yon enter the church?—Alas! what a prospect lies before you. Can you discipline your mind and body to (ultii the functions of your office ? I will at once suppose you a bishop. Can you, I ask it, satisfy vour appetite with merely locusts and wild honey? Will you be content with raiment of sack-cloth, or at the best, linsey-wolsey; and can you answer for your conscience that you will, at all times and in all weathers, be ready to make a pilgramage to the hovels of the poor; to give comfort lo the wretched; to pray beside the straw of the repentant guilty; to show, by your own coniempt of the creature blessings of this world, that you look upon the earth as a mere temporary tarrying-place,—a caravanserai where' you are nwaiting until called beyond the clouds? Consider it; as a bishop, you will be expected to take your seat in the House of Loids. When there, shall you be prepared with the rest ol your brethren, to set a continual pattern of piety and self-denial to the lay-nob'es? Will you be ever prompt —as bishops always are—to plead the cause of the wretched; tosland between thesmkingpoor and the arrogant rich; and with a voice of almost divine thunder wake in the callous hearts of worldings, a slumbering conscience"for their fellow-men? Will you he in the House of lairds, a lump of episcopal camphor,—a bundle of spikenard— a put of honev ? Can you—as all bishops always do—abstain from the lusts of Mammon, and keep your lawn, white and candid as the winjrs of angels, from the yellow soil of filthy Plutus ? Thinking only of the broadest, the shortest, and the best way to lieaxen,—will you (like all bishops) never meddle with turnpike-acts, nor job with wooden pavements? Eschewing the vanity of coach and footman (as John the Baptist did, and all bishops d,>) will you think only of the carriage of Elislm ; and turning from the pomps and vanities of an episcopal palare.can you (as all bishops do) feed humbly, lodire lowly,—hungering only for immortal manna,—waiting only lo be called lo that home— 4 1 Whose glory is the light of setting suns." Mv dear boy, examine yourself and say are you equal to all this ? I think you are my own flesh and blood, and thinking so, doubt your constancy in this manner. Hence, I would advise you to eschew the church ; for unless yon could lead a lile apostolical, as all bishops always do, what discrare would you brins; upon the bench—what a slander and a bye-word would you be in the mouths of the heathen! Let us now consider the law, and suppose you called to the bar.—Have you the fortune to support your dignity—have you, for this is more, that gentlemen of spirit, that philanthropy of soul, which would make all men brotheis, which would pluck from the hearts of ynur fellow-creutnres, malice and dissent, the foul hemlock and nightshade that poison the sweet sources of human love ? Consider the cliangc that has come upon the law and its gniieless professors. There was, indeed, v. golden time, when you might have amassed a fortune by playing bo-peep with Truth; by abusing, reviling her; by showing her virgin innocens: to be strumpet infamy ; by plucking every pinion from her sky cleaving wing, and making her a wretch of soidid eat ill; by causing Truth herself to blush for her nakedness ; and more, you might have handed over lo the scourging arm ol the beadle, whilst Falsehood, your successlul client, should have gone triumphant home in a carriage-and-lour, with white favours! These eolden times are past. Then you might have walked the Hall, gowned and wigged with a harlot tongue to let for hire, carrying my suit into court, as a porter carries any load ; then at the Old Bailey you might even have shaken hands with avowed murder in his cell, and fresh from the bloodshot eye, and charnel breath of homicide, have called heaven, and its angels, to witness lo the purity of ilie cut-throat who had paid you so many silver shillings for your exordium, your metaphors, your peroration —your bullying of witn'sses, your fierce knocking at tha startled hearts of halfbewildered juevmen ; threatening the trembling twelve with midnight visits from the ghost of the innocent creature in the dock, if the verdict went for hemp. This you might have done, but this is past. Now, Conscience wigs itself, and sits with open door, giving advice gratis. Therefore, can you afford it in purse ? and, more; have you the necessary milkyiiess of humanity—for such is the term simpletons give ii—to play the peace-maker between man and man, giving advice, allaying feuds, ncounciling neighbour to neighbour, weighing out Justice in her golden scales, and charging not one marivedi for her trouble? Can you, as barrisster, write up over your door—as may now be seen in thousand of places- • " Advice given against going to law, gratis? In the olden time, I should have advised you to make an effort for the bar; but with the present romantic notions—for I can give them no worthier name—operating on the profession, you can aflord it neither in pocket or in soirit. To such an extent have barristers carried their peace-making quixotism (of course considerably assisted by their worthier brelluen, the attorneys), that the judges have nothing to do. Already the moth is eating up the official ermine ! Will you be a soldier?—Well, I will presume you are a Field-Marshal. A war breaks out: a wicked, unjust war. It may be thought necessary (such a case occurred about a century ago, and may occur again) to cut the throats of a few thousands of Chinese; for no other reason than that the celestial Emperor hath, with his " Vermillion pencil," written an edict against the swallowing of British opium. Well you are ordered for the Chinese waters, to blow up, burn, slay, sink—in a word to commit all the varieties of mischief iuvented by Ihe devil's toy-woman, Madame Belona. Well, with the spirit that is now growing in the army—a spirit that has lately devolped itself in so many bright examples—you are compelled to throw up in "sublime disgust," your Marshal's baton, and like Cincinnatus, retire to Battersea to cultivate cress and mustard; philosophically preferring those pungent vegetables to laurels stained with tlie blood of the innocent, defiled with the tears of the orphan. You may then send your epfiuleU to Hblywdl-ist^t.ilo'beliufat for the gold—or send your uniform to be used, on masquerade nights,atthe'I/wther Arcade. My dear boy, military glory is not what is used to be. - Once people/thought ita jewel—a solid ruby. But" philosophy has touched what seemed a gem, and has proved it to be only a bubble, blown from blood. No, you shall neither be Bisbop, Chancellor, nor Generalissimo; but, my boy, you shall be But that I'll tell you in my next. Some time siuce, in the Legislative Council, when it was attempted to introduce a Bill for the limitation of interest. Doctor Turnbull affected to repudiate, will) indignation, a measure which would run coun'er lo the wisdom of • this the i9th century.' The following is a proof how much has been gained upon the century preceding it:— SoncEnr.—A HIDDEN TRCASUP.E.—Last week' a female, with a deeply bronzed complexion, je l black luiir, and keen eyes of corresponding colour' all genuine types of the gipsy race, was hrough' 10 ihe bur of the Correctional Tribunal of Strasbourg. Having given her name as Jeannelle Isenherg, a journeyman mechanic of dull and heavy appearance, V'uleiuiue Schouller, came forward, and made the fmlowing comphiint against ihe piisoner. lie stuied thai his wife hating been long ill ol' 11 languishing disease, he was induced, by tlie repute of the great skill of lln> gipsies in such cases, to cull in ihe assistance of Jeannelte. She came, and, after pulling several questions to ilie pnii.nt, and seeming to take greut intere t in her case,looked rou d the room wiili a mysterious air, and then suddenly exclaimed, " Mon Dieu! mon Dieu ! How happy is it that I have it in my power to render you and yourrhildrenagrrat service 1 Ynu are walking upon gold and silver; an immense treasure of COO.OOOf. in uold, and C00,000f. in si her, lies buried under your housf. It is guarded by a spectre, appointed by Satan himself, whose vinilance I must overcome.'' The sorceress th.en callcd for aneug, und hiving put it into a vessel uf water, made many times the sign of ihe cross over it. She then asked for 200f. bul, ou being told by SihoL:lcr ihui ii was totally out ol his power 10 obtain any such sum,she left, saying she wouid return auHin in a few days, and try other mtuns. She did come, and after performing various new ceremonies, said she could not vanquish the demon without some money, und insisted upon h-ving as much as they could raise. Upon this, the wife went out and procured 20f, and ilie mpsy woman, being convinced that it was all she was likely i0 get, auniu set to work by placing one of the four firc-frunc pieces at each corner of a table, in the middle of whi, h was placed the vessel of »aier wiili theegg in it, which had been carelully preserved. She was proceeding wiili her incantations when the deputy major came in with an officer of police,and urrested her. In fart, Schouller's wife, who goi the 20f. of a neighbour, told (lie purpose for which it was wunted, hut lliib pi rson, suspecting 5ome fraud, went and gave information to the magistrate. Jeannelte made a shiut defence, protesting thai she had gone 10 Schouller's house at his own request, and fnranoiher purpose, iliat of telling him by the curds, tvlinher or nut his wifr had been uiifiiiiliful 10 him, ns he suspected. Tneevidence auainst lier, however, was loo strong, and she was convicicd of being a rogue und vagabond, and sentenced to pay a fine of 52f., 10 be imprisoned for thirteen months, und remain Tor ten veurs after under ihe lurveillimre oi the |loUcc.—Galignani. 