BOROUGH COURT OF REQUESTS. Shaving A Chartist.—Asquat,stunted, little fellow, whose real name is Atkins, though he answers better to the soubriquet of " The Radical Barber," summoned a l-hoemaker named Bijgar for the sum of 7s. 6d.- which he alleged to be due to him lor ." shaving, soaping, and lathering" the defendant for one month, and " setting, grinding, and sharpening" bis razors during the same space of time. "You sec that this here feller," commenced the barber, ivjtl; all i!;e proi cibia! loquacity oTbls trttS, "lias been in the habit of coming to my shop to be shaved for a tgatter of more nor six months, and as we holds a soit oWpolitical swarry every Suuday morning in my shop, shaveing and speechifjiiig at the same time as we settles what they're doing, in parliament, lie was a reglar customer, and so 1 gives liim trust as one gentlemen is bound to do to another. Well, be pays me like a trump for some time, but at last not the- ghost of a farthing can I screw out of him, so t-forgives him all the rest if he'll pay me 7s. 6d.; but, as he doesn't do tl^at, I summonses him up here ns one gentleman is bound to do to another." Commissioner—And what reason do you assign for not paying this debt, defendant ? Defendant (assuming the position of a Kenning!on -common orator)—First,I should like to ax if the libeitics of tbe subject is respected here or is they not? If they is, why am I dragged from my shop and children to consume my time here? Time is money, money is lime, and both is wealth—where is Justice a hiding herself when these things is? Commissioner—Do you admit the debt? Defendant—I admits nothing. When Peel brought in his tar-reef he piomised us all sorts ol things cheaper. What '11 he say to ibis man charging a penny a shave still, and two pence for grinding ? Why don't Feargus O'Connor and Brontcrre O'Brien leave off quarrelling, and settle that ? Commissioner—This has nothing to do with the question, Is 7s. GJ. due to the plaintiff. Defendant—Maybe it is,'maybe it isn't; but wiiiie I has a voice to speak up for the people's rights. I'll never be charged tuppence a shave. What does old Cobbelt say in his " Rights of Man ?" Why Commissioner- Iteally this is unbearable. The case is decided, and you must pay the money at the rate of 5s. a month. PlaintifT—Tliar.kye, gentlemen; that is just what one gentleman ought to do to another. Defendant—I'll not pay it. I'll be a martyr, and go to gaol first. Only wail, till we got tbe universal voting and balloting, and then The rest oflhe harangue was unheard,two newlitigiintsclaimingtlie places oflhe plainlitfand defendant. The Chartist shoemaker then proceeded to transit his re.naiks to the „„,, ' , i i ,-n , , ,. outer court where he edified a straggling crowU ol half a dozen with a very lengthy if not eloquent dissertation upon political economy ; the Radical barber being withered , by his passing glance, which he seemed to 1 .i .i ... . i consider was scavcely tlie thing that gentleman should do to another." 