' tlntr(ra. (Private Correspondence of. the 1Freeman.-Boston, November \- 1,1812.) Ta CoNTEsT.-Tho 'fierce struggle of contend* ing parties for power lisascommenced, antd is pro. gresaing with an earnestness in which more lust for honor and emolument than patriotism is; apparent. Uut while such 'balse influences make the spirit which hurls us into enthusiasm, they yet vindicate a great principle. The aspirant for power, however un worthy, is the embodyment of his creed in politics, and when you defeat or mistrust the one, you approve or condemn the other., This.may seem-a very trite saying; but for a people like ours, who go to the death for their party, and sustain their candidate even if spotted with an ihundred offences aga law and religion, it becomes a serious and ar g evil, and, hoary as it is in practice, is yet fresh and vigorous in mischief. Conrsider on.whom the oppo. sing parties are resting their weight and power. Ileory Clap, the " idol of the.west," as his friends facetiously call him, is a man who claims in his own person thte representation of the worst customs of the south ; a duellist stained with, the blood of a dozen fights,.a slaveholder asid.lreeder vauntiog his admiration of the " largestliberty,".and a veteran in the tricks and diplomacy of the gambling-hiouse. Such-uh I shame, whero is thy blush -is .the eloquent aspereer of O'Connell, and the sepresenta. live of the feeble remnant of, pristocracy in this country. And yet thins man will call forth an immeanse vote of his party. He is the ' WYhlg candidate," tile breathing and corporal representa tive of a certain policy and that. fact will bring over the friends of that policy, whatever may be the "principles or morals. o,.othe candidate. The demotlacy--the nerve and 'muscle of the nation resttno their suffrages upon a man titus outlawed by religion and humanity. They look to the strong and clear.headed ststatemen'of the, north for the advocarstes of their principles.. It was a deep.laid, hut is an exploded plan, to thrust Oalhoun of tihe south-eequally obnoxious on account of his deep. tooted and hereditary attachment to the' slave instl. tutions of his state-upon the-Democrscy.' They loped to make bothi candidates even tnttethed upon this ground; but the healthy and sound minds of the north have riddled their designs, and now lookTo tihe able, the dignified' and profound statesmhin ot ?'ew York-ho who was driven from the presidential chair by that .stupendous mob, .of. revellers and drunkards, who rioted throughout this country in the fall of 1840. Van Bluren-defeated:though" he has been under circumstances where defeat was honor, and triumph. disgrac--ia the man who will call forth the united energies of his party, and, after his election, begin anew the foundation of the only true policy which can be devised for the happiness and prosperity of a free people. The elections thus far have given overwhelming proofs that the " sober second thought of the people" vindicates the course of the " Northern Ma?scian," as he Is termed, and ensures his triumph to the presidential campaign. Ohio, Indiana, Alabama, and New Hampshire, have spoken in the tonei that cannot be misinterpreted, and in a few days Massachusetts, the stronghold of Federalism, will give an echo to those tidings, such as will place the final contest beyond the shadow of a doubt. VrssaTrP Mn. STEELS.-All our American associations are on the gat vine for the visit of the " head pacificator of Ireland." They anticipate a glorious demonstration under the influence of his peculiar and enthusiastic eloquence, and in what ever part of the country be appears be will be hailed with the highest rejoicings and most heartfelt friend. ship. We look upon him as the missionary of a noble but oppressed people, coming hero to the home of freedom asking the sympathy of the free; and to this ample and glorious mission we expect he will direct all his energies irrespective of all ques tions of American politics or of American institu tions. Those who wished to anticipate his coming, and prejudice the public mind by the circulation of reports that he comes here for a double object-to advocate the cause of his country and to denounce some of the institutions of this-have been met by the friends of both, and the false imputation indig nantly denied. We rely too much upon the wisdom and sagacity of Mr. Steele to fear that he would engage in the discussion of a question which en kindles.the direstr ecitement, and would at' once frustrate tihe object oflrhi'smission, without doing sny good for his country, but, on the contrary, great injury to the cause, and rivettiog still stronger the bonds all true men would loosen. Preparatory mee tings for his reception have been held, and the blighest promise presents itself. 1lr. Steele's visit to this country will be one continuous triumph of the friends of Repeal. " TITE GHOST oF Loan EDWARD."-We notice that some excitement prevails in Dublin on the subject of a play recently written, and proposed to be performed in your city, but which was prevented by an injunction from tihe castle. This we look upon as a stretch of power which could not be justified in any but a country ruled by the most intolerable despotism. Do they fear the " ghost" of that noble man, conjured up by some harmless actors? Do they distrust the loyalty of Ireland I Al! well they may fear the influence of his name, and his ignominious fate presented to the people. Even in a drama, send that proscribed manuscript to America, and we will make its treasonable senti ments ring from one end of the republic to the other. It would prove the most eloquent appeal to the Itepealers of America of which you are capable, and would, on its representation, elicit the strongest sympathies in favor of the countrymen of that martyred and lion-hearted patriot. AlsEntCUSs 