WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. A numerous and highly respectable meet- ing was held last night in the Wesleyan Chapel, Gawler Place, on the occasion of the anniversary of the South Austra- lian branch of the above society. The Hon. William S millie, Advocate- Gene- ral, occupied the chair. The Rev. Mr Weatherston read a report of the state and progress of the society, in the various parts of the world where its agents have entered on the field of missionary exertion. The following summary of the report we insert for the information of our readers : The total number of central missions sta- tions called circuits, occupied by the society in different parts of the world, is 261. The number of missions employed, ex-i elusive of catechists, &c;, Sec., is 368. The number of full and accredited church members, exclusive of those under the care of the society's missions in Ireland, ÍB 87,258. The number of scholars ia the mission schools is nearly 60,000. £ s. d. The receipts of the society amounted co the sum of.... 101,688 2 4 The expenditure. 98,754 7 9 Leaving a surplus of.... £ 2,933 14 7 The committee of management, in conse- quence of the urgent requests for help from va-, rious foreign stations, and the wishes of the friends of missions in Great Britain, so that the society should extend its operations, and rely- ' ing upon the assurances of friends, at home and abroad, of pecuniary aid being forthcoming, they ran into debt. The debt in three years amounted to £40,009, but which, after the re- payment of loans granted to some of the fo- reign auxiliaries, was reduced to £30,000. This, by special efforts in England, has been reduced to £10,000 ; and this fearful sum, for which a large amount of interest has to be paid annually, clogs the society, and it can only be removed by the friends of our common Lord. £100,'!00 will be required annually to keep up the Wesleyan Missionary Society on its present scale, to say nothing of extending the operations of the society. The directors of the society depend upon voluntary contributions, in car- rying on this great work, and as South Australia has already sent them £100, we trust that the appeal made to yon this evening will not be in vain, that you will respond to it in a liberal manner, and may He, without whose aid no- thing is holy, or good, or wise, give his blessings to our efforts. We regret that our limited space and the lateness of the hour at which the meeting closed, prevent us doing more than simply inserting the resolutions which were unanimously-adopted. Several of the speakers appealed most eloquently on behalf of the benighted portion of the human race, and it was evident that a deep impression was made as to the necessity of strenuous exertion in so great a cause. The resolutions were pro- posed to the meeting in the following order : Moved by E. Stepbens, Esq., seconded by the Rev. Mr Teichelman. I. That the report now reid be adopted and printed nader the direction of the committee. Moved by Dr Hubbe, seconded by Mr Allen. 2\. That this meeting acknowledges with devout gratitude to Almighty God, the great success with which he has been pleased to crown the operations of this and kindred institutions in their widely extended fiel !s of labor. Moved by W. Giles, Esq., seconded by Mr A, Macdougall, and supported by Rev. T. Q. stow. 3\. That as the success of all human efforts to evangalise the world depends upon the special in- fluences of God the Ho'y Ghost, this meeting pledges itself to unite in ardent and persevering prayer, for a more copious outpouring of the grace of God upon missionaries, themselves, and the great work in which they are engaged, and further to render the pecuniary aid necessary for carrying out the merciful designs'of Jehovah, in regard to a lost and ruined world,. Moved by M. Moorehouse, Esq., seconded by Alderman Peacock. 4\. That this meeting deeply convinced of the importan* openings for missionary labor in Austra- lia, New Zealand, the islands of the Pacific Ocean, Southern Africa, &c.;, &c;, and feeling it to be its imperative duty to do all in its power to send" the Gospel to the heathen world, from many parts of which the cry is heard, "come over and help us," is determined to make constant, vi- gorous, and tnci easing exertions to spread the kingdom of Christ. Moved by S. Stocks, Esq., seconded by Mr Reynolds. 5\. That the thanks of this meeting be given to the officers and friends of the institution, for their - valuable services during the past year, and that the following persons form the committee for the ensuing year : Rev. J. Weatherston, president; E. Stephens, Esq./reasurer; Mr T. Reynolds,secretary; Messrs Wincey, Dungey. Peacock, Allworth, Abbott, Pearce, Archer, and Edgecombe. ! Moved by J. Weatherston, seconded by ; E. Stephens, Esq. j 6. That the very cordial thanks of this ! meeting are doe and hereby presented to the Hon. W. Smillie, Advocate-General, for his very kind and able attention to the businers of the evening. The collection at the sermons on Sunday ^ and at the meeting, amounted to about £18. 