.(©Hfllisfl) ©tracts. AMERICAN NOTES FOR GENERAL CIRCULATION. BY CHARLES DICKENS, (BOZ)' A BROWN FORESTER OF THE MISSISSIPPI. te We had another odd specimen on board, of a different kind . This was a thin-faced spare figured man, of middle age and stature, dressed in a dusty drab- bish-coloured suir, such as I never saw before. He was perfectly quiet during the first part of the journey; indeed I don t remember having so much as seen him until he was brought out by circum stances, as great men often are. The conjuctioQ of events which made him fa mous happened briefly thus ; — " The canal extends to the foot of the mountain, and there qf course, it stops ; 1 he passengers being conveyed across it by land carriage, and taken on afierwards by nother canal boat, ihe counterpart of the first, which awaits them on the other side. There are two canal lines of passage boats ; one is called the Express, and one (u cheaper one) the Pioneer. The Pioneer nets first to the mountain, and waits for the Express people (o come up, both sets of pas sengers being conyeyed across at the same time. We were the Express company j but when had crossed the mountain, and had come to the second boat, the proprietors took it into their heads to draft all the Pioneers into it likewise, so that we were five and- foriy at least, and the accession of passengers was not at a 1 of thbj; kind which improved the pros pect of sk-eping at night. Our people grumbled at this, as people do in such cases j but suffered the boat to be tqwed off with the whole freight aboard, never theless; and ay/ay we went dov/n the cana' At home I should have protested against it lustily, but being a foreigner here, I held my peace Not so this passenger. He cleft a path among the people 011 deck, (we were nearly all on deck) and without addressing anybody wboni:oever, solilu quised as follows : — ' This may suit you, this may, but it don't suit me. This may be all very well with Down Easters and men of Boston raising,, . but it won't suit my figure no how and no two ways about that j and so I tell you. Now ! I'm from the brown forests of the Mississippi I am ; and when the sun shines on me, it does shine — a little. It d uTt glimmer where I live, the sun dqn't No, I'm a brown forester, I am. I a'nt a Johnny Cake. There are no smooth skins where I live. We're rough men there. Rather. If Down Easters and men of Boston raising like this. I'm glad of it ; but I'm none qf that raising, nor qf that bt evd No. This company wants a little fixing, it does. I'm the wrong scrt of man for 'em, I am. They won't like me, they won't. This is piling it up a little too mountainous, this is.' At the end qf every one of these short semences he turned upon his heel, and walked the other way, checking him self abruptly when he bad finished another short sentence, and turning back agaiq, " It is impossible for me to say what ip-riffic meaning was hidden in the words of this brown forester, but I know that the other passengers looked on in a sort of admiring horror, and that presently the boat was put back to the wharf, and as many qf the Pioneers as could be coaxed or bullied intq going away, there got rid of, " When we started again, some of the boldest spirits on board made bold to say to the obvioqs occasion of this improve ment in our prospects, ' Much obliged to you sir.' Whereunto the brown forester (waving his band, and still walking up and dovjm as before) replied, ' No you ain't. You're none o' iqy raising. You're none o my raising. You may act for yourselves, yQU may. I have pinfced out the way. Down Easters and Johnny Cakes can follow if they please, I ari't a, Johnny Cake, I an't. I am from the brown forests of the Mississippi, I am' -? and so on as before. He was unanimously voted one of the tables for his bed at njght — rthere 's a great contest for the tables— in consideration of his public services; and he had the warmest corner by the stove throughout the rest of the journey. But I never could find out that he did anything except sit there j nor did I hear him speak again until, in the iqidst of the bustle and turmoil of getting the luggage ashore in the dark at Pittsburg ; I stum bled over him as he sat smoking a cigar on the cabin steps, and heard him mutter to himself, with a short laugh of de fiance, I a'nt a Johnny Cake, I an't. I'm from the brown forests qf the Mississippi, I am. dammee 1 I'm inclined to argue from this that he had never left off saying so ; but I could not make alfidavit of that part p" the story, if required to do so by my Queen and country.'' jonathan in the duues. "At dinner (on board the steamer,) there is nothing to drink upon the table bu t great jugs full of cold water. No body says anything at any meal, to any; body. AH the passengers are very dis mal, and seem to have tremendous secrets Weighing on their minds, Thero is no conversation . no laughter, no cheerful ness, D0| ociality, except in spitting, and tuut is done in silent fellowship round the stove, when the meal is over. Every man sits down, dull and languid, swallows his fare as if breakfasts, dinners, and sup pers, were necessaries of nature never to be coupled with recreation or enjoyment ; and having bolted bis food in gloomy si lence, bolts himself in the same state. But for these animal observances, you might suppose the whole malje portion of the company to be' melancholy ghosts of departed bookkeepers who had fallen dead at the desk ; such is their weary air of business and calculation. Undertakers .on duty wo'uld be sprightly beside them ; and a collation of funeral baked meats, in comparison with these meals, would be a sparkling festivity. " The people are all alike too. There is no diversity of character. They travel about on the same errands, say and do the same things exactly in the same man ner, and follow the same dull cheerless round,' 