MISCELLANEOUS. The Jews/ — We find the following in a letter from Odessa " Our government seems to be seriously disposed to grant emancipation to the Jews, whose numbers in Russia, according to the last census. amounted 10 aoout 5S,iiuu uuu, 1 ue min isters of the Interior and Public Instruction have charged Dr, Lilienthal. the Grand Rabbi of Riga, with the mission of visiting the eighteen governments of the Empire in wh eh Jews reside, to collect all the ne cessary details of their condition, inform ing them that the only object of the go vernment is to be enabled to furnish gra tuitously to all the means of giving them the moral and intellectual education required for raising them to the rank of the other citizens, without in any manner interfering with the free exercise of their religion. The Jews of our town are pre paring to give Dr. Lilienthal a solemn reception, his arrival being looked for from dav to day. T. Hood v. Ghosts. — " Ghosts be hanged 1 No such things in nature ; all laid long ago, before the wood pavement. What should they come for The colliers may strike for higher wages, and the char tists may rise for reform, and Joseph Siurge may rise for bis health, and bread may rise, and the rising generation may ricp ? hut. that the dead should rise onlv to 7 J make one's hair rise, is more than i can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. Well, if you come out of your grave to serve a friend, how are you to help him > and if it is an enemy, what's the use of appear ing to him, if you can't pitch into him l— New Monthly. Bell Rock Lighthouse.— During the late heavy gales which have done so much damage to shipping, particularly between the 19th and 23rd ult., the sea sprays ap pear, by the monthly returns from the Bell Rock Lighthouse, to have risen upon the building to the height of from about 60 to 90 feet every tide. While this heavy sea run, oneof those great de tached masses of stone, familiar to the light-keepers by the name of 'Travellers," was forced across the rug ged surface of the rock, about 100 yards to the lighthouse, where it destroyed part of the cast-iron lauding wharf. This stone measured about 7 feet in lengthi S feet in breadth, 2 feet in thickness, and must have weighed about four tons. To prevent mischief by the movement of these great stones, the lighikeepers are provided with quarry tools, with which they broke it up, and arrested its progress, but it wa no ea9y task from the run of the sea. The heaviest seas which visit the Bell Rock are from the north-east, but the present gale were chiefly from the north west ; and it is hot a little remarkable that the Frith of Forth was but little affected during the storm above the Island of May. Answer given to the Challenge op a Duellist. — 4< I have two objections to this duel matter . the one is lest I should hurt you, and the other is lest you should hurt me. I do not see any good it will do me to put a ball through any part of your body ; I could make no use of you when dead for any culinary purpose; as I would a rabbit or a turkey, j am no cannibal, to feed on the flesh of men. Why, then, shoot down a' human creature, of which I could make no use ? A buffalo would be better meat. For though your flesh might be delicate and tender, yet it wants that firmness and consistency which takes and retains salt. At any rate it would not be fit for long voyages. You might make a good barbacue, it is true j but being of the nature of a racoon or an opossum: bnt peo ple are not in the habit of barbacuibg any thing human now. As to your hide, it is not worth taking off, being little better than that of a year old colt As to myself I don't like much to stand in the way of any thing harmful — I 'aw nnder apprehensions you might hit me. That being the case, I think it most advisable to stay at a distance. If you want to try your pistols, take some object, a tree or a barn door, about my dimensions. If you hit that, send me word, and I shall ac knowledge that if 1 had been in the same place, you might also have hit me,"— American Paper. Schoolmaster. — " Robert, compare the adjective cold," Robert r- ' Positive, cold ; comparative, cough ; . superlative, coffin ' .' : 