REVIEW. American Notes toï General Circulation. . By Charles Dickens. 2 vols.--London. Chapman and Hail, 1842.-(From the times.) Mn. DICKENS possesses the very happy and rare power of placing matters of ordinary occurrence in & new light, detecting and bringing forth to view some fresh feature of interest from the most trite and common topics. Whoever looked upon that common place personage, " the boots of an inn," with1 the eyes of the creator of Sam Weller? We have most of us heaid years ago of ti e. advertising schoolmasters in the north of "Eng- ; land, who undertook to do for little boys at. an inconceivably cheap rate; but how deeply,1 and, we may add, usefully is the public mind ; now impressed with the abominations of the j system by Boa's picture of Dotheboys-hall i and its rascally proprietor. Again, the op- ; pression under which parish apprentices have : groaned for generations was generally and i vaguely familiar to the public, but we write 1 advisedly when we say that many a magistrate [ has been led to exercise a more guarded caution in the binding ont of workhouse children by a perusal of Oliver Twist. Boz mostly lays his scenes in what is called low life, and his characters are frequently what the fastidious, or the lady's-maid genteel, would designate vulgar; but he never so paints vice or vulgarity that a reader is in flamed with a desire of imitation, or rises from his pages a contaminated man. Mr Dickens never labors, like the nauseous novelist of the ¡ Bulwer school, to make adultery respectable ; nor, with those of the Jack Sheppard sect, clothes the highwayman and the burgler with the mantle of the hero. Mr Dickens is not a nice man, in Dean Swift's acceptation of the word ; he is not to be driven by a whiff of tobacco-smoke, or a coarse jest, or an uncouth gesture, from the contemplation of any phasis of human nature whence instruction may be derived ; he has a keen perception of the ridiculous, and wit to shoot folly as it niés ; but his satire has a moral, not a tainting effect, and while his hand -wields the whip, he has evidently a heart to help the poor. Impressed with this idea of Mr Dicken's acute mind and kindty nature, and having long admired the wholesome character and beneficial tendency of his writings, we took np his American Notes with a foll presenti ment that we should honor them; we anti cipated amusement, and we have cot been disappointed. Mr Dickens set forth for America with a good-natured determination not to be offended with those peculiarities of manner which ruffle most English travellers so much; and not only was his own mental comfort considerably promoted by this wise resolve, bnt his notes are more cheerful, and also truthful, in con sequence. "I should undoubtedly be offended," he remarks, with reference to an American landlord, " by snch proceedings at borne, be cause there they are not the custom, and where they are' not, they would be impertí nencies ; but in America, the only desire of a good-natured fellow of this kind is to treat his guests hospitably and well-and I had no more right, and I can truly say no more dis position, to measure his conduct by our Eng lish rule and standard, than I had to quarrel with him for not being of the exact stature which would qualify him for admission into the Queen's Grenadier Guards." With all thiB considerate good nature, however, Biz does not lack a keen sense of the ludicrous absurdity of this national inquisitiveness, nor k will to touch it off smartly,'as the following laughable sketch will shew : " There waa a man on board this boat with a light fresh-colored face, and a pepper-and salt Buit of clothes, who was the most inqui sitive fellow that can possibly be imagined. He never spoke otherwise than interrogatively. He was au embodied inquiry. Sitting down ci standing up, still or moving, walking the deck or taking his meals, there he was, with a great note of interrogation in each eye, two in his. cocked ears, two more in his turned-np hose and chin, at least half-a dozen more about the corners pf his mouth, aud the largest one of all in his hair, which was brnshèd partly off his forehead in a flaxen clofaap. Every button on his clothes said, 'Eh? What's that? Did you speak? Say ' that again, will you?' He was always wide awake, like the enchanted bride who drove her husband frantic ; always restless ; always thirsting for answers ; perpetually seeking, and. never finding. There never waB such a curious man. I wore a fur coat at that time, and before we were well cléar of the wharf, \ he questioned me concerning it, and its price, and where I bought ir, and when, and what far lt was, and what it weighed, and what it cost. Then he took notice of my watch, and asked what that cost, and whether it was a French watch, and where I got it, and how I got it, and how it went, and where the key hole was, and when I wound it up, every night or every morning, and whether I ever forgot to wind it all, and if I did, what then ? Where had I been to last, and where was I going next, and where was 1 going after that; and had I seen the President, and what did he say, and what did I say, and what did he say when I said that? Eh? Lor now! Do tell!" Vol. II, p. 54. We will give Boz's first impressions of some of the American towns, which are amusingly quaint '- and characteristic ; and witt, fo begin, arcompany Mr Dickens to New York: '' "-The beautifal metropolis of America is by no means so clean' a city aa Boston, but many of ila streets have the same characterise tics, except that the- houses are not quite so gaudy, the gilded letters not quite BO golden, the bricks not qnite so red, the atone notqoite so white, the blinda and area railings not quite BO green, the knobs and plates opon the street doora not quite so bright and twinkling. There are many by streets almost as neutral Incoan colors, and positively in dirty ones, aa by-streets in London; and there ia-one quarter, commonly called the -Five Points, which*, ia respect to filth and wretchedness, may be safely bached against Seven Dials, or any other part of famed St. Giles's. The great promenade and thoroughfare, as- most" people know, is Broadway-a wide and bust ling street, which, from the Battery- gardens to ita opposite termination io a country road, may Le four miles long. Shall we sit down in an upper floor pf the Carlton House Hotel (situate in the best part of this main artery of New York), and when we are tired of looking down npon the life below, sally forth, arm-in-arm, and mingle with the stream P Warm weather ! The sun strikes upon. our. heads,at this open window, as though its rays were*" concentrated through a burning-glass. But ; the day is in its zenith, and the season ah unusual one. Was there ever such a sunny street as the Broadway ! The' pavement stones are polished. with the tread of feet until they shine again; the j red bricks of the houses might be yet in the \ dry hot kilns, and the roora of the omnibuses look as though, if water were poured on them, tbey;jwt>uld lusa and amoke. and smell .like h^If-4nenched fires. No stint' of omnibuses here! Half a dozen have gone by within as many minutes. Plenty of hackney cabs and coaches, too ; gigs, phaetons, large wheeled tilburies, and private carriages, rather of "a clumsy make, and not very different from the public vehicles, but built for the heavy roads beyond the city pavement. Negro coachmen and white, in straw hats, black hats¿ white hats, glazed caps, fur caps; in coats of drab, black, brown, green, nankeen, striped jean, and linen ; and there, in that one instance (look while it passes, or it will be tod late), in suits of livery. Some southern Republican, that, who puts his blacks in uniform, and swells with Sultan pomp and power. Yonder, where that phaeton with the well-clipped pair of grays has stopped, standing at their heads now, is a Yorkshire groom, who has not been long in these parts, and looks sorrowfully round for a companion pair of top boots, which he may traverse half the city without meeting. Heaven save the ladies, how they dress ! We have seen more colours in these ten minutes I than we should haye seen elsewhere in as j many days. What various parasols ! .What ' rainbow silks and satins! What pinking of thin stockings, and pinching of thin shoes, and fluttering of ribbands and silk tassels, and display pf rich cloaks with gaudy hoods and linipgs! The young gentlemen are fond, you see, bf turning down their shirt collars and cultivating their whiskers, especially under the .chin ; hut they cannot approach the ladies in their dress or bearings, being, to say the truth, humanity of quite another sort. Byrons of the des'k and counter, pass on, and let us see what kind of men those are behind ye those two labourers in holiday clothes, of wlipm one carries in his hand a crumpled scrap of paper, from which he tries to spell out a hard name, while the other looks about for it ion ali the doors and windows, irishmen both ! You 'might know them, if they vere masked, by their long-tailed blue coats and bright buttons, and their drab trousers, which they wear like men used to working dresses, who are used to no others. It would be hard to keep your model republics going without the countrymen and countrywomen of thèse two labourers; for who else would dig,and delve, and drudge, and do domestic work, and make canals and roads, and execute great lines of internal improvement? Irishmen' both, and sorely puzzled, too, to find out what they seek. Let us go down and help them, for the love pf home and that spirit of liberty which admits of "honest service to honest men, and honest work for honest bread, no matter what it be. That's well! We have got at the right address at last, though it is written in strange char racters truly, and might have been scrawled With the blunt handle of the spade the writer better knows the use of than a peiu Their way lies yonder, brit what business takes them there? They carry sayings. To hoard up? No. They are brothers, those meo. One crossed the sea alone, and, working very hard for one half year, and living harder, saved funds enough to bring the pther out. That done, they worked together, side by side, con tentedly sharing hard labour and hard living for another term ; and then their sisters came, and theh another brother, and| lastly, their old mother. And what now? Why, the poor old crone is restless in a strange land, and yearns to. lay her bones, she' says, among her own people, in the bid graveyard at home ; and so they go to pay her passage back ; and God helpíher »nd them, and every simple heart, and all who turn to the Jerusalem of their younger days, and have an altar fire upon the cold hearth of their fathers/'-Vol. I , p. 191. - ' " ' We cannot follow Mr Dickens further in his tour round New York, hut strongly recommend every one to do so who has a relish for lively description, interspersed with outbursts of kindly feeling such SB are dupjayed in the conclusion bf the above quotation^ We now turn to Philadelphia ; "We reached Philadelphia late at night. Looking ont of my chamber window, before going to bed, I saw on the opposite side of the way a handsome building of white marble, ! which had a mournful, ghost-like asjpect, dreary to behold.' I attributed this to the ! sombre influence of the night, and on rising in j the morning looked out again, expecting to ; see its steps and portico thronged with groups of people passing in and out. The door was still tight shut, the same cold cheerless air prevailed, and the building looked as if the marble statue of Don Guzman could alone have any business to transact within it« gloomy walls. ? T. hastened' to inquire ina name and purpose, and then'my surprise vanished. It waa' the tomb of many fortunes, the great' catacomb of investment, the memorable United States Bank. The stoppage of this bank, with all its ruinous consequences, had east (as l was"j told on every side) a gloom on Philadelphia, under the depressing effect of which it yet j laboured! It certainly did seem rather dull and out of spirits. It is a handsome city, but1 distractingly regular. After walking about it \ for an hour or two, I felt that I would have} given tite world "for a crooked street. The ! collar of my coat appeared to stiffen, and the i brim of my hat to expand, beneath its Qoakerly influence. ' My hair shrunk into a sleek 'short crop; ray hands folded themselves "upon my breast of- their own calm accord, and thoughts of taking lodginga ia Mark-lane, over- against the marketplace, and of making alarge for tune by speculations in^ corn, came over me iny^un^riji^.-rr^Mv 2a&^ - ; «Miere ie, W*¿^&3°^" Äfc Bickens, " fresji in, my m^m^yä^m n?y «ye. Take the worst peilt oftbe'CityrroBd«Bd£^ preserving.- all, tiuejr. oddities, bat especial^ the sinai L shops, and dve^jnge oeciipu?4<.thei« (but opt in Washington),b^farflitnrfi bjrokeni. keepera of poor eating-hpnses, and, fonciers, of birds. Born the whole down, huildAit up, again in wood and, plaster, wijjßn it a little, throw, io part of SL John's Woodi pot green blinds outaide all _ the ' private booses, with, ai red. cui^n.and Ä white, one in: every window;, plough up all thc'.roada ; plant; a great deal of course turf in every place where, it ought not to. be ; erect three, handsome bùiklinga in «tone and marble anywhere, hut the.raote.eni> tirely ont of everybody's way the< better ; calL one the Post-office, one the Patentroffice, andi one.the Treasury; make it scorching hot in the morning, andfleering cold in the afternoon, ; with an occasional tornado of wind and dost; leave a brickfield, without the bricks in all j central places .where. ' a street may' naturally he expected,; and timi's Washington.-p. 278: -(To fy concluded in our next.) 