CORR 5 .bPONDEKCE. To the Editor of the Perth Gazette. Mr. Editor With your permission, through the medium of your columns, I will submit a few thoughts on an awful subject now before the attention of the, public-viz., Suicide. Probably some " Eliab" may say to this attempted Why comes their down his father' &c.j.l;«> which we answer, "Is there not a cause ?" The subject is of a moral kind, and call upon all Christians, who regard meal and divine things, as of paramount importance, to do what they can to stem this evil of self murder, and to promote to the utmost, the weal of our fellow creatures. On this principle, the following remarks are offered to the consideration of our candid fellow creatures, hoping that they may lead to some useful end in these distressing times. One or two of the writers which have appeared on the subject, have treated the matter delicately, and at the same time, have deeply sympathized with suffering survivors, Another writer, the Rev. G. King, has openly and faithfully discharged 4 duty devolving upon him; at once shewing, from reason and scripture, the demerits, influences, and - consequences of the symbolic act of > suicide, both on its subs Oct, and our fellow creatures At large; and for which fearless services, all truly Christian people will feel greatly obliged : what occasion then, it may be asked, is there (for " any further remark on the subject ?" Answer-.' To show that while an evil exists, some remedy should be pointed out for its cure." What would it avail a people amid a famine, to be told they were after ing and dying for want of food ; or amid a plague that thousands would perish : such statements would be facts, but the great question Would be, " is there any remedy suited to our cases' So with regard to suicide; all allow it to be a great evil, setting aside as it does the rights of heaven; entailing disgrace and distress upon relatives and friends; plunging deluded spirits into regions of darkness and perdition ; the question again returns, is there any remedy for this evil? Answer, there is. The great specific remedy for this, and all moral evils, is '* The Grace of God in Christ Jesus." Grace alone can renew the hearts of the sons of men ; sustain them under the ruinous ills and affliction of life; give validity to the theme of our immortality and hopes of end less day and consequently prevent the act, and interminable consequences of self destruction in the children of men; but though this be the supreme: remedy, there are other subordinate ones, which belong to a community to supply, and which should be brought into operation by the members thereof, if they would put a stop to the destructive sin of suicide. The customs of the ancients and our forefathers may furnish us with views and ideas on the subject, and how to proceed as to its cure. The Egyptians, Persians, and others we are told were want to eulogize, their dead, but if the departed were suicides they were mute, shewing the horror and stigma with which they viewed the crime. Our forefathers, some century ago, were wont to visit the suicidal delinquent with their disapprobation and disgust, by denying them a place of rest for their ashes in con- secrated ground, interim? them by torch light, and at midnight, when ghosts and spectres are supposed to be abroad ; thus making the place where their mutilated ashes were deported, execrable, and to he dreaded. In these modern times, in our father-land, the suicide is allowed to be interred (without Christian burial) behind the Church in a sort of unconsecrated ground, where theoncescatteredbones,&c;, of the departed dead, are collected and heaped together, awaiting the resurrection morn: shewing that though the law is not carried out against such offenders as in former times, yet they are not regarded as worthy of a place among the common dead ; from these customs which are not unreasonable, we would suggest a line of conduct to be pursued by all well wishers of our rising progeny, the community generally, and the colony at large. And first, let us as a community discountenance and reprobate all infidel principles; if our youth learn by any means, either by neglect of, or direct tuition therein " that there is no spirit in man, or any hereafter, then the common safe guards of life are thrown down, and it follows that if a human being is oppressed with trouble, or afflicted with hope disappointed, he may soon find ready riddance of all his grief at once; by doing as they did in France, when they said " death is an eternal sleep," and destroyed themselves and one another let us then shew as far as we can, that it profits not a man if he gain the whole world, and lose his soul and that nothing can he give in exchange for his soul, Matthew xvi. 26. In the next place, let us as a community deny to the suicide those decent attentions which are commonly paid to such as die a natural death, hereby shewing manly Christian principles, and teaching our posterity that a self murderer is an awful character, ' because he destroys both body and soul in hell and that, consequently, we cannot show respect to such as are guilty of felony according to common law and further, in this particular, let the Christian burial service, according to the ritual of the Church of England, be denied to such, whether rich or poor, as lay violent hands on themselves, and thus avoid spreading An awful delusion on the juvenile and unthinking mind, setting forth that it is well with such when it is ill with them, for God hath said, no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him. How awful to hear read on such occasions, " It hath pleased God to take to himself the soul of our brother," we, " and we commit his body to ground," &c.; If such things were, true (as some think they are then it were as well to die a fool as a wise man; wicked as righteous; and polluted as holy. 'Let us cease to hold out a premium for crime in this way, and show, by the discipline of Christianity, that God will make a difference at the last day. Their shall he return, and di icern betwixt the righteous and wicked, betwixt him that serveth him, Are, Mai. iii, 17, 18. Again let some public place Be set apart for the special midnight interment of suicidal characters, and thus prevent the pollu- tion of the only cemetry in Perth for Christian interment, by the commingling of desecrated ashes with those who died naturally and may be at peace with God. Much depends here! a provision of this kind (to be hoped never used) would do more to prevent this evil, and save life, than all the abstract truth in the universe, for men have some regard to character among their fellow men, though dead and gone. Let the inhabitants of this town make proper and prompt application to the Governor and Honorable Con neil, for the appointment of some God-fearing man to the office of a Coroner, whose province will be to protect human life, and to give a conscientious verdict to the living and the dead. Till this is done, we are low in me nicipal rights, and partially connive at the loss of human life. Cases of death have occurred again and again calling for this provision. Above all, let us beseech God to give us his gracious blessing, and to pour it richly on our children, that they and theirs, may fear God, honor the, King, love life, and seek a glorious immortality in the life to come Whatever may be" thought of the motives which led to these remarks, your correspondent, Mr. Editor, believes he has been prompted and guided by a sincere desire to contribute to the general good and he is fully convinced in his own mind, that had some such measures as the above been adopted by this community with reference to the late Manager of one of our í}anks,"ftj/<0 died a suicide" instead of adorning his ashes with a splendid tomb- stone, thus perpetuating his disgrace, and an and christianity (in burying him' as a Christian), it would have made a lasting impression on the public mind, and probably would have prevented a repetition of those awful crimes. Hoping a reforma- tion will take place in our attentions to the suicidal dead, and that our children will reap the benefit, is the earnest and fervent wish of Yours, obliged, a A W ESLETA If M168105 ART. S Perth, March 23 1843. 