LORD CHESTERFIELD'S NEW"COUN- TRY." " Roma, Roma, Roma I Hon b pia coma era prims." True, Rome is no more as she has been. Verily hath she assumed a sick as|iect. Now do her ruins, her tombs, end her temples, that in former days echoed the clang of arms—the tread of imtnojial warriors, resound to the tally- ho of the huntsman—the mtlody of lox hounds in full cry: He who would be the hero now, looks not to Ifount Palatini for eagles, but to die Cam- pania for totes; but be muttfffoceed farther Romulus or Remus, for to decide bis victory, he must entrap the game, and not be content merely to flit it et a respectful distance. " And who wroueht litis involution!" will posterity inquire. "George Augustus Frederick, sixth Earl of Chesterfield," says the faithful chronicler, who then proceeds to give a detailed account of the affair as follows:— Ou the 6th March, A D. 1843, Rome was in 0 tumult such us had not been known si..ce lite dhys of Iter former glory: cnrrianes tilled with all the flower of uatriciun Roman beauty, ivith here and there a sprinkling of England's aristocratic loveliness, mounted cavillers, redcoaied huntsman, whtppers-in, &c;, followed by troops of idlers and wondering tratisteverini, took their departure towards the the spot appointed for the commencement of the day's sport, Tltey met on classic ground. Round the tomb of Cecelia Metalla were essemb'ed the Grand Duchesse of llussia, the lovely Queen of the day; the Countess of Chesterfield and Granville; Lady Pongrccourt and Leveson; the Borgliese, the Al dobrandini, the Chigi, theSolviati, UieOdescbal clii, witb many another name to be found in the Chronicles of bygone ages, came to witness a spectacle altogether new to Rome—a run with English foxhounds] And now begins the sport. O, shade of Cecelia Metalla, when Crassus raised yon stately pile to enclose thy remain?, did his prophetic gaze behold visions of red coats and top boot6,coverhacks, brook and timber juinpers hounds and hunters t When the Roman Uurons at a later day, turned that monument of conjugal affection into a fortrets, deemed they that it was to become the refuge of foxes, and not a secure teiage either, as Reynard vainly st.spect p d, fof vainly was lie sought among the ruins; at length amid lite remains of the last resting place oi JJfarcus Servilius Quurtus was he found. Lie then tojk straight to Hadrian's Villa, but being headed by a procession ol Carmelite monks he turned to the right, crossed the Via Latina, across the Campania, keeping Roma Vecchiu to the left, aod ran two miles along the Appiuu way, when suddenly seized with military ardour, lie darted off to the Camp of the liomtii, und ran to ground, after a splendid run offorty-two m nutes, to Chichignota, the spot to which Leo XII. was wont to retire from the cares and stata of the Monte Quirinai. Lord Chesterfield held his accustomed place— leading the votaries of Miana over hill and dale, flood and field, followed by Lord Lereson, Lord Powerscourt, Lord Stanhope, and Captain II. Forrester, the Princes Aldobrandini, Odescalchi, See. Such was the run of the Gib. On a preceding day the hounds met in the valley ol the Monte Murio, near the palace of the Falconieri, the ancient Clivus Cinne. The first fox, after a brisk run of fifteen minuls, taking his course to to the left of the Villa Pamfili, and crossing the Via Vitella, ran to earth; tiie second wus killed after a beautiful run of thirty-two minutes, in sight of the lovely village of Maglionella. Great was the astonishment excited in the mill 's of the bocari at the novel scene which presented it self to their unaccustomed eyes—dire the amazement of the "lowing herds," which, with tails upraised, and swelling nustrils, scampcred far and wide from the path of the invaders. On Friday the 3rd, La Storte was the place chovcn for the meet, and ut an eurly hour the Putto del Popoln, the Pone Molle, und the Via Claudia, were crowded with the carriages of both Roman and Ornish rank and fashion on their way to the neighbourhood of La Stortn—the first post on the road to Florence. The gallant Eurl immediately led the hounds to Buon Ricovera, where tliey shortly found and had a beautiful burst—the fox taking towards Cornacchia and Castellucuio, then turned suddenly to the right, crossed the Via Claudio, and kept along the Via Cassia (ill he approached Torelta, when he started straight for the O&teleria; del Fosso, where Domiiie Vulpus, after a hard run of fifty minutes, gave up the ghost. During the whole of this Cumpuign but one accident occurred, the effects of which, however we trust may not piove st-rious. Lord Stanhope, who always i&uinlaineJ; his place near his futher received a kick from u cross-grained hunter on the fool, but disduining to complain, the little hero continued to follow the hounds, till the pain becoming too great to allow him to proceed further, he left the hunt and proceeded home a distance of nine miles entirely alone, lie was then laid upon a sofa, to which it was expected he would be confii.ed for a week or ten days, but fortunately, no more dangerous consequences were anticipated. The greatest interest and sympathy were excited by this accident, and still more by the heroism of the sufferer; and scarcely an individual among those who hud witnessed the run failed lo make anxious inquiries nfterlhe gallant boy. Lord CheMerfield has, with his accusiomed generosity, presented the hounds to the society of Rome, and hardly a member has failed to subscribe largely to lhe maintenance of the pack. Such is the hUtory of Lord Chesterfield's doings al Rome, and we prophesy it will be long ere such another revolution will be created on classic ground as that which he has accomplished. We understand that his Lordship intends proceeding to Naples ere he returns to England, where his anival will be gladly hailed, not only by many a brother of the field but by his friends of every vocation, occupation, und denomination. 