ADDRipNAX. KXTHACró THOM MBr WCTtERB^-,". . ' - . . : WORK. .'. .. , i' .... . A MKBicAN ÜNlv»BBmtB-Whatever the dev feels. of -American fiai varsities may be, they disseminate no prejudices* rear no bigots dig ap the buried ashes .of. no old superstitions never interpose between the people and their improvements, exclude no man because of his religious opinions-recognise a world, anda broad one.too, lying beyond the college wails. PUBLIC ESTABLIBHMENTS.-In all the public establishments of America, the utmost cour tesy prevails. Most of our departments are susceptible of considerable improvement in this respect ; but the Custom house, above all, others, would do well lo take example from the United States, and render itself somewhat less odióos and offensive to foreigners. The servile rapacity of the French officials is sufficiently contemptible, but there ia a surly tamnéh înctTH^ our men, aMke dis j gusting to «tl p jttïes who fell into their hands* ' and discreditable' %o the nation that keeps auch ill-conditioned curs snarling about its gates. When I landed in America I could not help being strongly impressed with the' contrast 'their Custom-house ' presented, and the attention, politeness, ènd good' humour with, which its officers discharged their duty. AUBBICAN HABITS.-As Washington m Ay-be called the head quarters of tobacco- tinctured saliva, the time is come when I must confess, without any disguise, that the prevalence of those two odious practices of cbewingand ex pectorating began about rbis time to be any thing -but agreeable, and soon became most offensive and sickening. In all the public puces of America this "filthy custom is re*> cognised. In the courts of law the judge has his-spittoon, the crier his,- the witness his, and the prisoner hi>, while the jury man-andape<s taters are provided for* as so many men who, in the course of nature* must desire to spit incessantly^ In the hospitals the students of medicine are requested, by notices upon the walls, to eject their tobacco juice into boxea' provided for that purpose, and; to discolor the stairs. In public buildings visitera are implored, through the same agency, to aqnrçfc the essence of their quids, or " plugs." as I have heard them called by gentlemen learned in thia 'kind of sweetmeat,- into the national spittoons, and not about the base of the marble columns. - But in some parts this custom is insefaratbly mixed up with every meal and morning call, and with all the transactions of social life- The stranger, wh i follows in the track I took myself, will find it in its full bloom and glory, luxuriant in ali its alarming recklessness, at Washington, and let him not persuade himself (as I once did, to my shame) that previous tourists have exaggerated its extent. The thing itself is an exaggeration of nastiness, which cannot be outdone. AMERICAN DINNER HOUR. -The usual dinner hour is two o'clock : a dinner party takes place at five ; and at an evening party they seldom sup later than eleven ; so that it goes hard but one gets home, even from a root, by midnight. I never could find out any diffe rence between a party at Boston and a party in London, saving that at the former place all assemblies are held at more rational hours ; that the conversation' may possibly be a little louder and more cheerful : that a guest is usually expected to ascend to the very top of the house to take off his cloak ; that he is certain to see at every dinner an unusual amount of poultry on the table ; and at every supper at least two mighty bowls of hot stewed oysters, in any one of which a half grown Duke of Clarence might be smothered easily. Aie AMERICAN RAILROAD.-I made acquaint ance with an American railroad, on this oc casion» for the first time. As these works are pretty much alike all through the States, their general good characteristics are easily de scribed. There are no first and second class carriages aa with us ; but there is a gentle man's car and a ladies' car ; the main dis« tinction between which is, that in the first every body smokes, and the fécond nobody does. Aa a black man never travels with a white one, there is also a negro car» which is a great blundering clumsy chest, such as Gulliver pot to sea in from the kingdom of Brobdignag. There is a great deal nf jolting, a great deal of noise, a great deal of wall, not much window, a locomotive engine« a shriek, and » belt. The cars are like shabby Omnibusses, holding thirty, forty, and fifty people. The seats, instead of reaching from end to end, are placed crosswise. Each seat holds two persona. There is a long row of them on each side of the caravan, a narrow passage up the middle, and a door at both ends. In the centre of the carriage there is usually a stove, fed with charcoal or anthra cite coal, which ia for the most part red hot. It is insufferably close, and you see the hot air fluttering between yourself and any other object you may happen to look at, like the ghost of smoke. If a lady take a fancy to ! any male passenger's seat, the gentleman who accompanies her gives notice of the fact, and he immediately vacates it with great polite ness. Politics are much discussed : so are banks, and so ia cotton. Quiet people-avoid the question of the Presidency, for there will be a new election in three years and a half, [ and party feeling rona very high ; the great ¡ constitutional feature of this consitution being ! that, directly the acrimony of the last election ! is over, the acrimony of the next-one begins, which is an unspeakable comfort to all strong politicians and true lovers of their country that is to say, to ninety-nine men and boya ont of every ninety- nine and a quarter. A BROW» FORESTER or rax MISSISSIPPI. We had Another odd specimen : on board of a 'different kind. This was a. thin-faced «pare j figurad man, of middle age and stature, dressed in a dusty drabbish colored snit, such as I never saw before. He waa .'perfectly quiet during the first part of the journey ; indeed, I don't remember having so mach as seen him until he was brought out by circumstances, as great men often are. The conjunction of events which made him famous happened briefly thus J-The canal extends to thc foot \ of the mountain, and there), of coarse, it stops ; the passengers, being conveyed across it by land carriage, and taken on afterwards by another-canal boat, the cooaterpartof the .first, which awaits them on the other side. There are two canal lines of passage boats ; one is called the Express, and one (a cheaper one) th» Pidñeér; The Pioneer gets first to the mountain, and waits for the Express people to j come op, both sets ¡ of -passengers betog-con- ! veyeß across k at the ^same- time.. We wer«, the Express company; but when, we had crossed the' mountain and'had coma to ike tsecoadboat* the proprietors took dt< «ntw>th«u» beads to draft all the Pioneers into it.likewiae. isp that we were five and forty at least, and thfcaeceasioaof 'p^t^agcit was not ât aÙ-of that kind: which iinproveiktba. prospectif ?leepfng at night. -Óvat people gmmbled al thia, aa people do in inch eases, bat suffered Ike boat to be «owed off. with tte whole f might aboarôV neverüiele» $- »md, -away. . wo, went ' down the canal. At nome I .should have prof tested lustily, bot being ai-foreigner hereVF held > my;*ee*o>: Not so this Treager* -he cleft path among the people on deck /we were nearly all on deck), and without addres sing anybody whomsoever, soliloquised as follows:-* Thia may suit ffou, this may, but it don't suit me. This may be all very well i with Down Easters, and men of Boston raising but it won't suit my figure no how ; and no two ways about that, -and so I tell yon. > Now I'm from the brown forests of the Mississippi, / am, and when the sun shines on me, it does shine-a little. It don't glimmer where ./live, the sun don't. No, I'm a brown forester, I am, I aint a Johnny Cake: There are no smooth skins where I live. We're rough men there rather. - If Down Easters and men of Boston raising like this. Fm glad of it, but Fm none of that raising, nor of that breed-^no. This company wanta » little fixing, it does, I'm the wrong sort of roan, for 'em, / am". They won't-like nie, they won't'.' This is piling of, it a little too mountainous, this isr" At the j end of every one of these short -sentences be j turned opon his heel and walked the other way, checking himself abruptly when be had ( finished another short sentence, and turning j back again. It is impossible for me to say what terrific meaning was hidden in the words of this brown forester, but I know that the other passengers looked on in a sort of ad miring horror, and that presently the boat was put back to the wharf, and as many of the Pioneers as could lie coaxed or bullied into going away, were got rid of.. i 