POPULAR FALLAGIES A CAUSE OF IN TEMPERANCE. From an Essay on the Nature. Causes, Effects and Cure of Intemperance, by Ralph Barnes Grindrod, Surgeon. ' (continued.) ' In some of the hotter countries of Europe, where, by our Gloucestershire rule, they ought not to touch anything weaker than gin itself; they do well, notwithstanding, on vinegar and water, for harvest drink.' ' Before Somersetshire be came a great apple country, persons who must know and cannot design to mislead, assure me, that a pint of ale a day, was the harvest allowance for a man. This pint was taken sip by sip, per haps not above a wine glass at a time. Accord ingly, it is attested to me, that in those days, Somersetshire labourers did not in the morning, turn out pale and shaking like ghosts, at the crowing of the cock, as they now do, and were uot liable to the harvest surfeit. What they took to assuage thirst, beside their pint of ale, was simple water' Doctor Beddoes then gives it as his decided opinion, that strong drinks ' are not in the smallest quantity necessary for giving support, under the severest exertion, whether in the fields, or in the workshop;' and as a proof of the latter, furnishes us with an interesting trial made by some men, employed in one of the great iron works at Wool wich: — -'A single individual prevailed upon his companions, to make the experiment of milk, as a substitute for porter. The result has proved it to be the best means of quenching the violence of thirst, and securing them from the feverish heat produced by the immoderate use of fermented liquors. They have persevered in this simple and wholesome beverage, with an evident benefit to their health, and with an increased ability of exertion.' The above fact is related on the authority of Mr. Curwin, of Cumberland, an eminent agricultural writer of that day, who gives another instance at Workington, tbe place of his residence, in which milk had been introduced in the place of beer, with the happiest results. ' They have given up small-beer in its favour ; and there has been a great diminution in the quantities made at the breweries.' ' The hardest work which falls to the lot men,' remarks Mr. Jesse, in his Gleanings of Natural History, ' is that done at the iron foundries,' and yet, ' so well do the labourers in this department know that they cannot perform it if they drink even beer, that their sole beverage during all the hours of this hot and heavy labour is water.' Some equally strong facts are adduced by Dr. Cheyne, of Dublin. ' I had once,' remarks that physician, ' the opportunity of inquiring into the habits of tbe workmen of a large glass factory ; they generally wrought for twenty-four or thirty six hours at a time, according as the furnace con tinued in a propel state, and I found, during time which was technically called a journey, that to supply the waste caused by perspiration, they drank a large quantity of water, in the quality of which, they were very curious ; it was the purest and softest water in the district, and was brought from a distance of three miles. There were three men out of more than one hundred, who drank nothing but water, the rest drank porter or ardent spirits ; the three water-drinkers appeared to be of their proper age, while the rest, with scarcely an exception, seemed ten or twelve years older than they proved to be.' A friend of Dr. Cheyne's, in a letter addressed to that physician, adds the following corroborative testimony : — ' Many years ago, I was told by the men who attended the furnaces at the iron works at Merthyr Tydvil, in Glamorganshire, that they ?drank only water, while engaged in their work at the furnaces, the intense heat of which produced ?violent perspiration. Their health was generally good, as they said, but the wages being high, they toon retired from labour, and then grew very fat as might have been expected.' The same plan is pursued at Bedlington iron works, near Newcastle. No spirituous or malt liquor is ever allowed to men at their work. Water is their sole beverage, even while exposed to the most severe heat. The result is equally decisive. Dr. Murray, President of the New Hampshire Medical Society, received the following informa tion from a commercial friend in Massachusetts. ' I visited,' says he, ' four or five years since, in New Jersey, an iron foundry belonging to Mr. Wood, of Philadelphia. I think there were thirty or forty men employed in the establishment, and all they drank was pure spring water. I saw them often while lading out the hot metal, and sweating at every pore, taking a mug, run to the spring, and drink very freely of the water. I enquired if they do not feel any ill effects from drinking so much, cold water. They answered. No. The furnace went into blast in April, and continued till October. All those employed had the best of health during the whole season, and returned to their friends in the autumn, with better health and fuller purses than they ever had before.' Mr. Buckingham relates an anecdote of Dr. Beddoes, which corroborates the above statements. On enquiry, Dr. Beddoes ascertained that the hardest working men were those employed in forging ship anchors, at Portsmouth. They were at the same time exposed to great alternations of heat and cold, and were in a constant state of ex citement and perspiration. Their employers al lowed them an unlimited supply of strong beer. Dr. Beddoes proposed to the men that six of them should drink only water for one week, and that six others should continue their usual allowance of beer. The men, amazed at this proposition, exclaimed, ' Why you want to kill us I Do you for a moment suppose it possible that we can endure such fatigue — that can weld a ship's anchor, and drink only water ? You must surely intend to kill us.' ' No,' said the doctor, ' I have no such wish or intention . I am a physician, and shall be careful to watch the progress, so that no injury shall ensue to you. I will put down £60. Try water for one week, if you succeed the £50 is yours; if not, I shall put it back into my pocket.' The men agreed to make the experiment The two sets of men were pretty much alike during the first day of die trial, the secondday the water drinkers complained less of fatigue than the others ; the third day the difference was more apparent in favour of the water drinkers; the fourth and fifth day it became increasingly so ; and on Saturday night the water drinkers declared that they never felt so fresh in all their lives as they had felt through that particular week. IV. The common practice of taking alcoholic ttimula. '-s while labouring under the effects of a severe cold, is attended with most injurious, and not unfrequently even fatal, result*. A cold sim ply consists in a preternatural excitement of the circulation, terminating in local inflammation of the mucous membrane of the nostrilsand air pipes. To use spirituous liquors in such a state of the j system, is but to add fuel to the already active fire. It is evident that the only safe and effectual mode of cure, must consist in such remedial agents as will diminish and not increase the excitement of the circulation. Dr. Garnett with great truth remarks as follows:— 'Perhaps there would be scarcely such a thing as a bad cold if people when they found it coming on, were to keep cool, and avoid wine and strong liquors, and confine them selves for a short time a simple diet of vegetable food, drinking only toast and water. Instances are by no means uncommon, where a heat of the nostrils, difficulty of breathing, a short tickling cough, and other symptoms, threatening a violent cold, have gone off entirely in consequence of this plan being pursued.' Strong impressions exist m regara w m« ne cessity of spirituous liquors, while working in damp situations and in wet weather. The incor rectness of this opinion is well illustrated by the following example: — In America, one hundred workmen were employed during a considerable portion of the day, for a number of successive days, in building f. dam across a river. They were most of the time frequently up to the middle in water. During the whole of this period, they refrained from the use of ardent spirits, and coffee and other warm drinks were given to them instead. At the expiration of their labour, the workmen were so delighted with the result of the experi ment, as to march in a body, with their foreman at their head, and forthwith join the Temperance Society. (To be continued.) 