Dfl PUSEY'S SE iUON. "TIE HOLY EUCISARIST A COMFORT TO TINE PENITENT.: A Sermon preached before the University, in the Cathedral Church,of Christ, in Oxford, on the Fourth Sunday after Easter, by the Rev. R. B. Pusey, D.D., Regius Professor of Hebrew, Canon of Christ Church, and late ,Fellow of Oriel College. [Concluded from our last.) Would that, instead of vain and profanedisputings we could but catch the echoes of these hallowed sounds, and, forgetting the jarrings of our eartaly discords, live in this harmony and unity of Heaven, where, through and in our Lord, we are all one in God. Would that, borne above ourselves, we could beacaught up within the inifluence of the mystery of that ineffable love whereby the Father would draw us to that oneness with Him in His Son, which is the perfection of eternal bliss, where will, thought, affections shall be one, because we shall be, by commulncation of His Divine Nature, one. Yet such js undoubted Catholic teaching, and the most literal importof Holy Scripture, and the mystery of the Sacrament, that the Eternal Word, who is God, having taken to Hiin our dlesh and joined it indis solubly with Himself, and so, where His flesh is, there He is, and we receiving it, receive Him, and receiving Him are joined on to Him through His Flesh to the Father, and He dwelling in us, dwell in Him, and with Him in God. " I," He saith, "In the Father, and ye in ble, and I in you." This is the perfection after which all the rational creation groans, this for which the.Church, which hath the first fruits of the Spirit, groaneth within herself, yea this for which our Lord Himself tarrieth, that His yet imperfect members advancing onward in him, and the whole multitude of thoilfLedeemed being gathered into the .One Body, His whole Body should, in Him, be perfected in the Unity of the Father. And so is He also, as Man, truly the Mediator between God and Man, in that being as God, One with the Father, as man, one with us, we truly are in Him who is truly in the Father- He, by (e truth of the Sacrament, dwelleth in us, in Whom, by Nature, all the fulness of the Godhead dwelleth.; and lowest is joined on with highest, earth with heaven, corruption with incorruption, man with God. But where, one may feel, is there here any place for the sinner:? Here all breathes of holy life, life in God, the life of God imparted to man, the in. dwelling of the All Holy and incarnate Word, the Presence of God in the soul and body, incorruption and eternal life, through His Holy Presence and union with Him, who, being God, is Lsfe. Where seems there room for one, the Mansion of whose soul'bas been broken down, and he to have no place where Christ may lay His head; the vessel has beep broken, if not defiled, and now seems unfit to con tain God's Holy Presence -,the tenement has been narrowed by self-love, and seems incapable of ex panding to receive the love of God, or God Who Is love; or choked and thronged with evil or foul imaginations; orpluxnry and self-indulgence have dissolved itlor evil' thoughts and dssires have made room for evil spirits in that which wass.th welling:, place of the Trinity .1 Doubtless, God's highest and " holy" gift is, as the Ancient Church proclaimed, chiefly " for the holy." " Ye cannot be partakers: of the Table of the Lord,"and the table of.devils." And as the Holy Scripture, so also the Ancient Church, when alluding to. the fruits of this ineffable gift, speak of them mostly as they would be to those, whoa on earth, already live in heaven, and on Him 'who is its life and bliss. 'T'hey speak of those "clothed in flesh and blood, drawing nigh to the blessed and immortal nature," of " apiritual fire;n "grace exceeding human thought, and a gift unutterable;" "spiritual food, sirpassing all creation visible sad invisible," " kindling the souls of all and making them brighter than silver purified by the fire ;" " re moving us from earth, transferring us to heaven," "making angels for men, so that it were a wonder that man should think he were yet on earth," yea more than angels, " becoming that which we re ceive, the Body of, mrist." For that so we are ",members ofHim, not by love only, but in very deed, mingled with that Flesh, mingled with Him," "the one Body and one Flesh of Christ ;" and He the Eternal Son and God the Word in us, " com. mingled and co.united with us," with our bodies as with our souls, preserving both for incorruption; "re-creating the spirit in us; to newness of life, and making us' partakers of His Divine Naure;' " "s the bond of our unity with the Father, binding us to Hsmself as Man," Who is " by noture,,as God, in God His own 1Father." " We," says another, "come to bear Christ in us, His Body and Blood being diffused through our members; whence, saith St. Peler, we become ' partakera of the Divine Nature," Yet altbonghbmosmt whieh'isspoken belongs to Christians. as belogn already to the household of sijad the family of heaven and the communion nd unity-wlth God, still here, as elsewhere lu ~~~ Testamient, there is a subordinate and sdI2t'otno of ala; and what wraps the esint alred i?~the third, heaves,. may yst uphold us sonosia, that she pit shut oot her mouth upon us. The same reality of sthe divine gift mhakesn it angel'a f. ad to the saint, the ranson to the sinner. And both because it is' the body and blood of Christ. Were it only a thankful commemoration of his re deeming love, or osny a showing. foith of lis death, or a strengthening only and refreshing of the soul, it were indeed a reasonable service,-rut itfwould have no direct healing for the sinner. To him its special joy is that it is Isis Redeenmet's very broken body, it is his blood, which was shed for the remis. sion of his sins. In the words of the ancient chlurch, he" drinks his. ransonm"" he eiteth that, " the very body and blood of ti'e Lord, -lie only sacrifice fIt sin," God " poureth out" for him yet " the moit precious blood of his Only Begotten ;" they are fed from the cross of the Lord, because they eat hiq body and drink his blood ;" and as of the Jews of old, even those men who had been the betrayers and murderers of their Lord, it was said, " the blood which sn their phrensy they shed, believing they drank," so of the true penitent it may be said, what ever may have been his sins, so lie could repent, awful as it is to say, the blood he in deed despised and profaned, and trampled under foot, may he, when himself humbled in the dust, drink, and therein drink his salvation. " He who refused not to shed his blood for us, and again gave us of his flesh and his very blood, what will lie refuse for our salva. lion ?" " He," says St. Ambrose " is the bread of life. Whoso eateth life cannot die. How should he die, whose food is life 1 How perish, who haths a living substance ? Approach to him and be filled, because he is bread; approach to him and drink, because he is a fountain ; approach to him, and he enlightened, because he is light; approach, to him ýid befreed, because where the spirit of sileLord is, there is liberty ; approach to hint and be absolved, because he is re uisslen of sins." - In each place in Holy Scripture, where the doc trine of the holy Eucharist is taught, there is, at least, some indication of the remission of sins. Our blessed Lord, while chiefly speaking of himself, as the tread of life, the true meat, the true drink, his indwelling, resurrection from the dead, and life everlasting, still says also, " the bread that I will give Is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world." As amid the apparent identity of this teaching, each separate oracle enounces some fresh portion of the whole truth, so does also this"; that h4 flesh and blood in tie sacrament shall give life, not only because they are the flOash and blood of the Incarnate word, who is ife, but also because they are the very flesh and blood which were given and shed for the life of the world, and are given to those for whom they had been given. This is said yet more distinctly in the awfsl words whereby he con. secrated for ever elements of this world to be his body and blood. It has been remarked, as that which cannot be incidental, (as how should any words of the eternal word be Incidental ?) haw amid lesser variations in the order or fulness of those solemn words they still, wherever recorded, speak of the act as a present act. " This is my body which is given for you ;" " This is my body which is broken for you ;" " This is my blood of the New Testament which is shed for many for the remission of sins;" "This cup is the Now Tests. meat in my blood, which is shed for you." He satth not, " which shall be given," " shall be broken," " shall be shed," but " is being given," " being broken," "1' being shed," and this in remarkable contrast with his own words, when speaking of that same gift, as yet future, " The bread which I will give is my flesh, which ,.will give for the life of the world." fnd of one of the words used, St. Chrysostome remarks how it could not be said of the cross, but is true of the holy Eucharist " For 'a htone of him,' it aaith, ' shall not be broken.' But that which he suffered not on the cross, this he suffers in the oblation for thy sake, and submits to be broken that he may fill all men." Hereby he seems as well to teach us that the great act of his passion then began; than, as a priest, did he through the Eternal Spirit offer himself without spot to God ; then did he " consecrate" himself before He was by wicked hands crucified and slas; and all which followed, until He commended His Blessed Sptrit to the hands of His Heavenly Father, was oneoprotracted, willing, Suffering. Then did He begin His lonely journey, where there was none to help or uphold, but lie ' travelled in the greatness of His strength;" then *did He begin to " tread the wine press alone," and to " stain all His raiment ;" then to "wash the garments"of His Humanity "with" the " Wine'" of His Blood; and therefore does the Blood bedew us too st cleanses us, because it is the Blood shed for thle remission of our sins. And this may have beet another truth, which our Lord intended to convey to tar, when be'pronounced the words as ileu form which consecrates the sacramental elements into His Body and Blod, that t .e Precisus Blood is still, in continuance and application of His One Oblation once made,upon bt Cross, poured out for us now, conveying to our aouls, as being II is Blood, witis the other benefits of His Passion, the remission of our sans also, An so, when St. Paul says, " V~th cup of blasaing whtich s, Is it nttetthe parsii. patlon~of she Blood afj ? ", remission of alas is implied by the very w ~,.For, if we be indeed pastakess of His atoning Blood, .how shostld we not be partakers of lbs fruits 1 "T'hat whirls is the Cup," S. Chrysoasmame psraphraase, " is that which floswed from Hils side5soad of that do we partake." I-ow should we approach His Sacred Side, and remain leprous still ? Tauching with our very lips that cleansing Blood, how may we not, with, ste Ancient Church, confess, " Ln, tltis bath touched my lips, and'shsall take away tmine iniquities and cleanse my Thlere is, accordingly, an entire agreement is the Eucharistic Liturgies of the universal Church, in prayes,lo benediction, in declaration, confessing that in the holy Eucharist there Is forgiveness of sins also. 'rouse of S. James and 8. Mark so paraphrase eke worda of Consecration as to develope she sense thsat they relate not only to the pass act of His Pro. clons Bloodshedding on the Cross, but to thme cemmonicatlon of thst Blood to us now. " Thlis ic My Body whirls fur you Is broken and given for the remIssion of sins." " ibis is My Blood of the New i'estamemnt, which for you and for many is poured out anti given for the remniasion of aios." Agalo, the Liturgies join together, manifoldly, retnistion of sins sod life eternal, aa the two great fruits of this Sacrament. Thus in the prayer for the descent of the Holy Ghost on the sacred elements, " that sisey msy be to all who partake of them to thte remission of sins, and to life eternal ;" or In Intercession, "thst we may become zreet to. be partakers of Thy hoty mysteries to the remianion of sinsand lifeoeternal,"s or in the words of communicatIng, " I give then the psreclous the holy and undehllsed Body of our Lord sod God and Saviour Jesus Clhrist for the re. mianlon of sins and life eternal." And the prayes ho our own liturgy is almost In the very words of an Eastern and in the character of a Western Liturgy; " that our sinful bodies may be made clean by H Is Body and our. souls. washed by His mest preciona Blood." Even the Roman Liturgy, though less full en this point, has prayers, " that, the Communion may cleanse us from sin," 'may be the washing away of guilt, the remission of all offences." It will then seem probshly too4e dhd and narrow. ing a diitinction, when some divines of that com munion, countenanced by the language of the Council of Trent, 'maintain in opposition to other errors, that venial sins only are remitted by the Holy Eucharist, since to approach it in' mortal sin were itself mortal sin. For although our own -church also requires at least confession to God, and pronounces His absolution over as before we dare approach those holy mysteries, yet because we are so far freed from our sins, that we may ap proach, to our salvation not to our condemnation, yet can we say that we are so freed, that nothing remains to be washed away I that the absolution; which admits to that cleansing blood, Is everything, that cleansing blood itself, 'in this respect also, addeth nothing? ' Rather, the' penitent's comfort is.; that, as, in S. Basil's words on frequent communion, "continual participation of life is nothing else than manifold life," so, often commu" nion of that body which was broken and that blood which was 'shed for the remission of sins, is mani fold remission of those sins over which be mourns, that as the loving kindness of God admits him again and again to that body and to that blood, the stains, which his soul -had contracted are more and more" effaced, the guilt more and more purged, the wounds more and more healed, that atoning blood more and more interposed betweern him and his sins, himself more united with his Lord, who alone Is righteous. ness sod sanctification and redemption. Since then this divine sacrament las for its Im mediate and proper end, union with Him who hath taken our manhood into God, and the' jnfusion into us of His aptrli and lifi-and immortality, making us one with His glorified humanity, as He is one in the Godhead with the Father, and, betides this, It is ulteriorly, ithecleansing of our sine, the refining our- corruptions,;Athe repairing of our decays, what must the loss of tlie church of the latter days, in which communions are so infrequent I How can we wonder, that love should have waxed cold, cor ruptions so abound, grievous falls have been, among our youth, almost the rule, to stand upright the exception. Heathen strictness reproach Christian laxity, the divine life become so rare,-all higher instances of it so few and faint, when "the stay and the staff," the strength of that life is willingly forfeited? How' should there be the fulness of the divine life, amid all hotav month-long fast from our "daily bread ?"... While in the largest portion of the church, the people mostly gaze at the threshold of the heaven where they do not enter, what do we I We seem, alas I even to have forgotten, in our very thoughts, that daily communion, which once was tio common privilege of the whole charch, which when the Eastern church relaxed in her first love, the Western continued, and which they from whom we have our communion service in its present form, first hoped to restore. It implies a life, so different from this our consiion place ordinary tenor, a life so above this world as to knit with Him who bath overcome the world ; so angelic as living on Him whoisangel's food; an union withGod so close, that we cannot mostly, I suppose, imagine to ourselves, how we could daily thus be iniheaven, and in our daily business here below, how sanctify our daily duties, thoughts, refreshmeot, so that they should be tinged with the tines reflected by our daily heaven, not that heavenly gift be dimmed with our earthliness; how our souls should through the day shine with the glory of that ineffable presence to' which we had approached, not we approach to it with earth-dimmed souls. It must ever be so; we cannot know the gift of God, if we forfeit It; we must cease mostly even to long for what we forego. We.lose, the very sense to understand it. It is not in blame of others, my brethren, God forbid I It is as the confession of a common fault, to which others have contrinuted least who have been' least unworthy, and which, if we confess, hod may the sather teach us how to amend, that I dare not but notice, how even in this privileged and pro tected place, we still mostly forego even what re mains, and what our liturgy still enjoins. We have learned even, as people needs must, to justify the omission. As those, who know not our privileges of daily service, think set daily prayers must be come a lifeless form, so right-minded persons speak, (and perhaps until they know it, must needs speak,) as though not we needed more reverendi to partake worthily of the communion weekly, but as though weekly communion must needs decresie, nat in crease, reverence. And thus in this abode, which God has encompassed and blessed with privileges above all others, where so many have been brought into an especial nearness to 'Him, and a sacredness of office, so many look to be so brought, and yet on that account need the more watchfulness and 'divine strength that' they'fall not-where, if we will, we may retird into ouriielVes; as much aslwe will, and have daily prayers to prepare our sosls,-we have in very many cases, iait'ees io e prlvileges whiich are baoiotnisg common in villag'e 'churches; "a I, lb wnham htis eki siil3," as by nme,'eijto'iiedto ' rec'eive 'the holy communisoon with thes ries~et every Stfinday at the leaot,"'havre it perhaps scarcely manmis. ly, und the hthnsksiaing for the aiscension' of ouir Lord stands in ouir prayer book year by year unut tered, beetuse wvhen he ascended up on high to re ceive gifts for mess, there tare none beres below to receivo the "gift lie woo for us, or Himself, avio Is the giver and ithe gift. Nor has this been ever thus even a century and a half ago, this cathedral was remarked as use of Iliose, where, alter the desolation of the great rebellion, weekly communion' were still celebrated. , -? Bail, huwever wo may see'hat our present decay and 'negligence should not continue, restorallon must not be rashly compassed. It is noot a melter of obeying rubrlca, but of life or death-of health or decay- of coming together for the hotter or for the woroe,'to salvation or to condemnation. Healthful restoration is a work of huomility,,not to be essayed as though we hasd the disposal of things and could at our will repioce.what ,by our fto etathers' negil. gence was lost, and by our alas bound up witb theira is yet foufeised. Sound restoration meal be the gift of God, to ho sought of him in hunsilistion, in prayer, in mutual forbearance and. charity," wills increased, alrictseas of. life, andemnore diiigent use of what we have., We must consult one foe Ihe otber. There~is, in our fallna state, a reverent abstaining from mere frequent Communion, founded' on real though undue tears; there is and ought to be a real conscIousness that mare frequent Communion should Involve a cliasge at life, mere cohiecledness In God, more retirement, at limes, from'aoclety, deeper con sciousness of His Presence, moreesacrednese in our ordinary actions wihom He aso'ouehssfetiheo hallow, greater love, for His Passion which we 'celebrate, ana carrying It about, in sttlctests of self- rail., and sal f-diaciplinie, and ,stlf.denying love. And 'these graces, we kitow teooweli, come slewly. Better; then, fora s~ims forego whet any would long for, or oblain It, whereby God's bounty sad Providence that Girt, may be, had, titan, by premature urgency, *(walk pot charitably,", or risk Injury te a brother's souila Hlowho.alone einn'maltd moore frequeit Coini. motunion' a hlbalesng, sad Woo gave ssch strengih'to that one heavenly meal, whereby through ferty das and forty sights of pilgrimage He carried Elijah to 'His 'Prueence at the Mount oF God, can, if we be faithful and keep His Gift-which we receive, give, such abundant strength to ow rarer Communions, that they shall carry us through our forty years of;, trial unto His own Holy Hill, and the Vision of, Himself in, bliss. Rather, should those who long for it, fear that if it were given them they might n$9 be fitted for it, or, if we have it, that we come shbit of the felnesm of itsblessing, than use inconsiderate eagerness in its restoration. . Ask we it of Opd, .so will He teach us, how to obtain it of those whom He has made its dispensers to us. They too have their responsibilities, not to bestow it prematutrely, though they be involved in the common loss. Let us each suspect ourselves, not others; the backward their own backwardness, the forward their own eagerness; each habitually interpret well the other's actions and motives; they who seek to'partake more often of the heavenly Food, honour the reverence and humility which abatains, and they who think it reverent to abstain, censure not as innovation, the return to ancient devotion and love.; restore it, if we may, at such an hour of the day, when to be absent need not cause pain or perplexity, and may make least distinction; so, while we each think all good of the other, may we altogether, strengthened by'the Same Bread, washed by the same Blood,do led, in the unity of the Spirit and the bood of peace and holiness of life, to that ineffable Feast, where not, as now, in Mysteries, but face to face, we shall ever see God, and be ever filled with His Goodness and His Love. Meantime, such of asas long to be. penitents, may well feel that we areliss Chao thi least of God's mercies; that we have already far more than we. deserve; (for whereas we. deserv ed Hell, we have the antepast of Heaven); that the children's bread is indeed taken and given unto dogs; that He, Who is undefiled, spotless, separate from sinners, cometh to be a guest with us sinners; ani therein may we indeed find our comfort and our stay. For whete He is, how should there not be forgiveness and 'Ife and peace and joy? What other hope need we, if we may indeed hope that we thereby dwell in Him and He in us, He in us, if not by the fulness of His graces, yet with such at least as are fitted to our state, cleansing our iniquities and healing our infir mities, Himself the forgiveness we long for; we in Him, in Whom, if we be found in that Day, our pardon is for ever sealed, ourselves for over cleansed, our iniquity forgiven, and our sin covered. 