JACK HINTON, THE GUARDSMAN. (Continued from our last.) CHAPTER IV.— THE CASTLE. Ab lie 6aid tbia with a most sarcastic grin, lie , poured, from a large jug be held in one hand, a I brimming goblet full'of some white compound, ' and banded it over to me. Preferring at once to explore, rather than to question the' intractable Corny, I put it to my lips and found it to be ca pital milk punch, concooted with great skill, and seasoned with what O'Grady afterwards called a notion of nutmeg. Oh! devil fear ye, but ye'll like it. Sorrow one of yo ever left as much in the jug as 'd make a footbath for a ilea 1 They don't treat you over well, then. Corny, aid T, purposely opening the sorest wound of his nature. Trate me well ! faix them that 'd come here for good tratement, 'd go to the devil for diversion. There's Master Phil himself, that I used to bate, when lie was a child, many's the time, when his father, rest his sowl, was up at the Coorts, — aye, strapped him till he hadn't a spot that wasn't ore an bim. And look at him now, oh, wirra ! you'd think I never took a ha'porth of pains with him. Ugh 1— the haythens— the Turks 1 .This is all very bad,- Corny, hand me those boots. And tbim's boots ! s&idhe;, with a contemptu ous expression on his face, that would have struck horror to the heart of Hoby. Well, well. Here lie looked up as though the profligacy and dege neracy of the age were transgressing all bounds. Win n y're ready, come over to the master's, for he's waiting breakfast for ye. A beautiful hour for breakfast, it is 1 Many's the day his father intenced a whole dock full before the same time. With the comforting reflection that the world went better in hisyoulh, Corny drained the few remaining drops of the jug, and muttering, the while, something that did not sound exactly like a bleBsing, waddled out of the room with a gait of the most imposing gravity. I had very little difficulty in finding my friend's quarters — for, as his door lay open. Bind as he himself was carolling away, at the very top of bis lungs, some popular melody of the dwy, I spee dily found myself beyond the threshold. Ah, Hinton, my hearty, how goes it— your head-piece nothing the worse, 1 hope, for either the car or the claret ? By the by, capital claret that is ; you've nothing like it in England.'' I could Bcarse help a smile at the remark, as he proceeded. 44 But come, my boy, sit down ; help your- elf to a curtlet, and make yourself quite at home in Mount O'Grady." "Mount O'Grady!" repeated I. " Ha 1 in allusion, I suppose, to these confounded two fl ghts one baa to climb up to you," 44 Notb'ng of tbekind ; the name has a very different origin. Tea or coffee? there's the congou Now, my boy, the fact is, we O'Gradvs were once upon a time very great folks in our wuy ; lived in an uncouth old barrack, with battlements and a keep, upon the Slionuon, where we ravaged the country for miles round, and did as much mischief, and committed as much pillage upon the peaceable inhabitants, as any respectable old family in the province. Time, however, wagged 'on j luck changed ; your countrymen came pouring "in upon ui with new-fangled notions of reading, wriiing, and road-making; police and petty Bessions, nud a thousand other vexatious contri vances followed, to worry and puzzle the heads of simple country gentlemen ; so that, at last, instead of taking to the hill side for our mutton, we .were reduced to keep a market-cart, and employ a thieving rogue in Dublin to supply us| with poor claret, instead of making a trip over to Galway, where a smuggling craft brought us our lush, with a bouquet fresh from Bordeaux. But: the worst wasn't come; for you see, a litigious! spirit grew up in the country, and a kind of vin-i dictive habit of pursuing you for your debts.! .Now, we always contrived, somehow or other, to! have rather a confused way of managing our -exchequer. No tenant on the property ever precisely knew what he owed ; and as we possessed no record of what he paid our income was rather obtained after the manner of levying a tribute, than receiving a legal debth. Meanwhile, we pushed our credit like a new colony ; whenever a loan was to be obtained, it was little we cared for ten, twelve, or even fifieenpcr cent.; and, ub we kept a jolly house, a good cook, good claret, and had the best pack of bengles in the country, he'd have been a hardy creditor who'd have ventured to push us to extremities. Even sheep, however, they say, get courage when they flock together, and so this contemptible herd of tailors, tiihe-proctors, butchers, barris ters, and bootmakers, took heart of grace, and laid siege to us in all form. My grandfather, Phil, — for I was called after him, — who always spent his money like a gentleman, had no notion of figuring in the Four Courts ; but he sent Tom Darcy, his cousin, up to town, to call out as many of the plaintiffs as would light, and to thte&ten; the remainder that, if they did not withdraw their suits, they'd have more need of the surgeon than the attorney-general ; for they shouldn't have a whole bone in their body by Michaelmas-day. Another cutlet, Hinton ; but I am tiring you with all these family matters." " Not at all ; go on, I beg of you. I want to bear bow your grandfather got out of his difficulties." " Faith, I wish you could ; it would be equally pleasent news to myself ; but, unfortunately, his beautiful plan only made bad worse, for they began fresh actions. Some, for provocations to fight a duel ; others, for threats of assult and battery: and the short of it was, as my grand father wouldn't enter a defence, they obtained their verdicts, and got' judgement, with all the costs." ... " The devil ! they did ; that must have pushed bim hard." "So it did; indeed it got the better of his temper, and be that was one of the heartiest, pleasantest fellows in the province, bpcame in a manner, inoroBe and silent; aud, instead ol surrendering possession peaceably and quietly, he went down to the gate, and took a silting shot at the sub-sheriff, who was there in a tax-cart." " Bless my soul I Did he kill him ?" I "No; he only ruffled his feathers, and broke his thigh ; but it was bad anough, for he had to go over to France, till it blew over. Well,- it was either vexation or .the climate, or, maybe, the weak wines, or perhaps, all three, undermined his constitution, but he died at eighty-four, — the only one lif the family ever cut off earley, except sucli as were Bhot, or the like." " Well, but your father—" " T am coming to him. My grandfather sent for him from school when he was dying, and he made him swear he would be" a lawyer. 4 Morris will be a thorn in their flesh yet,'' said he; and look to it, my boy,' he cried, 4 I leave you a Chancery Euit that has nearly broke eight families ; arid the hearts of two chancellors ;— see that you ;keep it goin — sell every stick on the estate — put all the beggars in the barony on the property, beg, borrow, and steal them, — plough up all the grazing-land ; and I'll tell you a better trick than nil ' Here a fit of coughing interrupted the pious old gentleman, and when it was over, so was he !" " Dead 1" said I. " As a door- nail ! — Well, my father was dutiful ; he kept the suit moving till he got called to the Bar 1 Once there, he gave it all his spare moments ; and when there was nothing doing in the Common Pleaa or King's Bench', he was sure to come down with a new bill", or a declaration, before the Master, or a writ of error or a point : of law for a jury, till at last, when no case was ready to come on, the sitting judge would call out,— let us hear O'Grady, — in appeal, or in error, or whatever it was. But, to make my story short, my father became a first-rate lawyer, by the practice of his own suit,— rose to a silk- goun,— was made solicitor and attorney-general, afterwards, chief-justice——" " And the suit—" " Oh 1 -the suit survived him, and became my property; but somehaw, I didn't Buceeed in the management quite as well as my father ; and I fouod that my estate cost me some-where about fifteen hundred a-year— riot to mention more oaths than fifty years of purgatory Jcould pay off. This was a high premium to pay for figuring every term ou the list of trials, so I raised a thousand pounds on my commission, gave it to Nick M'Namara, to take the property off my hands, and1, as my father's laBt injunction was, never rest till you sleep in Mount O'Grady, — why I just baptized my present abode by that name, and here I live with the easy conscience of a dutiful and affectionate child that took the shortest and speediest way of fulfilling hfe father's testament." 4< By Jove f a most singular narrative. I shouldn't like tuhave parted with the old place, however." " Faiih, I don't know; I never was much there. It was a racketty tumble-down old concern, with rattling windows, rocks, and rats, pretty much like this ; and what between my duns and Corny Delany, I very often think I am back there again. There wasn't as good a room as' this in the whole house, not to speak of the pictures. Isn't that likeness of Darcy capital ? You saw him last night. He sat n-xt Curran. Come I've rib Curacoa to offer you, but try thiB Usquebaugh." " By the by, that Corny is a strange character. I rather think, if I were you, I should have let him go with the property." " Let him go ! 'Egad, that's not so easy as you think. Nothing but death will ever part us." " I really cannot comprehend how you endure liira ; he'd drive me mad.'? " Well, he very often pushes me a little hard ro so.; and, if -it wasn't that by deep study and minuate attention, I have at length got. some insight into the weak parts of his nature, 1 frankly confess I couldn't endure it much longer.' " And pray, what may these amiable traits be?" 44 You will scarcely guess." 44 Love of money, perhaps ?" " No." 44 Attachment to your family, then ?" " Not that either." " I give up." "Well, the truth is, Corny is a most .pious Catholic. The church lias unbounded influence and control over all his actions. Secondly, he iB a devout believer in ghosts, particularly my grandfather's which, I must confess, I have personated two or three times myself, when his temper had nearly tortured me into a brain fever ; so that between purgatory and apparitions, feara here and hereafter, I keep him pretty busy. There's a friend of mLe, a priest, one Father Tom Loftus- " " I have heard that name before somewhere." somewhere." " Scarcely, I think ; I'm not aware that he was ever in England : but he's a glorious fellow ; I'll make you known to him one of these days ; and, when you have seen a little more of Ireland, I am certain you'll like him. But I'm forget ting ; it must be late ; we have a field-day, you know, in the Park. " What am I to do for a moment : I've brought no horse with me." " Oh, I've arranged all that. See, there are the nags already : that dark chestnut I destine for you : and, come along, we have no time to lose ; there go the carriages, aud here comes our worthy confrere and fellow aid-de-camp ; do you know- him ? " Who is it, pray ?" " Lord Dudley de Vere, the most confounded puppy, and the emptiest ass — Buthire he is." " De Vere, tiay friend, Mr. Hinton ; one of ours. His lordship raised hia delicate-looking eye brows, as high as he was able, letting fall his glass at the same moment from the corner of his eye ; and, while he adjusted his stock at the glasB, lisped out — 44 Ah yes very happy. In the Guards, I think. Know Douglas, don't you?" " Yes, very slightly." " Wnen did you come—to day ?" " No, last night." " Must have got a buffeting ; blew very fresh. You don't happen to know theodda on the Oaks ?" 4 ' Hecate, they say, is falling. I rather hear a good account of the mare." 44 Indeed !" said he, while hia cold inanimate features brightened up with a momentary flush of excitement. " Take you five to two, or give you the odds, you don't name the winner on the double event." A look from O'Grady decided me at once on declining the proffered w ager , and hia lordship once more returned to the mirror and his self- admiration. 44 I say, O'Grady, do come here for a minute. What the deuce can-that be ?" Here an immoderate fit of laughter from his lordship brought us both to the window. The figure to which his attention wa9 directed was certainly not a little remarkable. Mounted upon an animal of the smallest possible dimensions, sat, or rather stood, the figure of a tall, gaunt, row-boned looking man, in a livery of the gau diest blue and yellow; his hat garnished with silver lace, while long tags of the same materia l were festooned gracefu'ly from his shoulder t ® ! his breast ; his feet nearly touched the groua » 'and gave him rather the appearance of one ! progressing with a pony between his legs,' then of ia figure on horseb ick: he carried un- Ier one arm la leather pocket, like a despateh-bag : and, as he sauntered slowly about, with hi3 eyes directed 'hither and thither, seemed like soma one in j search of some unknown locality. The roar of laughter which issued from our window, drew his attention tO'that quarter , and he immediately touched his hat, while a look of pleased recognition played acrosB his countenance-. 44 Holloa I' Tim," cried O'Grady, ' what's in the wind now ?" Tim's answer was inaudible ; but inserting his hand into the leathern oonveriiency already men tioned, he drew forth a card of most portentous dimensions. By this time Corny's voice could be heard joining the conversation. 44 Arrah, give it here,, and don't be making a baste of yourself. Isn't the very battle-axe iguardB laughing at you? I'm sure I wonder ! how a Christian would make a merry-andrew of himself by wearing such clothes ; you're more j like a play- actor nor a respectable servant," j With theBe words he snatched, rather than . accepted, the proffered card ; and Tim, with ; another flourish of his hat, a singularly droll grin . meant to convey his appreciation of cross Corny, | plunged the spurs till his legs met under the ! belly of the little aoioial, and cantered out of the court.yard amid the laughter of the bystanders, in which even the sentinels on duty could not ! refrain from participating. " What the devil can it be ?'' cried Lord 'Dudly; "he evidently knows you O'Giady." "And you, too, my lord: his master has helped you to a cool hundred or two more then once before ilow." 44 Eh — what— you don't sty so t Not our worthy friend, Paul — eh ? Why, confound it, I never should have known Timothy in that dress." 44 No 1" sail O'Grady, slily ; I acknowledge it is not -exactly his costume when he serves a latitat." 44 Ah, ah," cried the other, trying to hugh at the joke, which he felt too deeply, 44 I thought I knew the pony, though. Old three-and-four- pence ; his infernal canter .always sounds in, my ears like the jargon of a bill of costs." 44 Here comes Corny," said O'Grady. 44 What have you got there ?" 41 There 'tis for you," replied he, throwing, with an air of the most profound disdain, a large -card upon the table ; while, as he left the room, he muttered some very sagacious reflections abou1 the horrors of law company — his father, the judge — the best in the land — riotous disorderly life:" the whole concluded with an imprecation upon Heathens and Turks, with which he maia- ged to accomplish his exit. " Capital, by Jove/' said Lord Dudley, as he surveyed the card with his glass. " Mr. and VI rs. Paul Rooney presents — the devil they do — presents their compliments, and requests the honour of Captain O'Grady's company at dinner on Friday, the 8th, athalfpast seven o'clock." 44 How good I glorious, by Jove ! Eh, O'Grady, you are a sure ticket there— I' ami de la maison ?" O'Grady's cheek became red at theBe words ; and a flashing expression in his eyes told how deeply he felt them. He turned sharply round, his lip quivering with passion; then checking himself sudden tly,he burst into an affected laugh. 44 You'll go too, won't you ?" 44 1 ? No, faith: they caught me once; but then the fact " was, a protest and an invitation vt ere both served on me together. 1 couldn't accept one, so I did the other." " Well, I must confess," said O'Grady, in a firm and resolute tone, ' there may be many more fashionable people than our friends ; but I , for one, seruple not to say, I have received many kindnesses from them, and am deeply, sincerely grateful." 44 As doing a bit of paper now and then, when one is hard up," Baid Lord Dudly, 44 why, : perhaps, I'm somewhat of your mind ; but if: one must take the discount out in dinners, it's an infernal bore." 44 And yet," said O'Grady, maliciously, 44 I've seen your lordship tax your powers to play the agreeable at these same dinners ; and I think your memory betrays you in supposing you have only been there once. I, myself, have met you at least four times." 44 Only shows how devilish hard-up I must have been," was the cool reply; 44 but now, as the governor beginB to behave better, I think I'll out Paul." "I'm certain you will," said O'Grady, with an emphasis that could not be mistaken: 4 'bat come, Hinton, we had better be moving : there's some stir at the portico, yonder — I suppose they're coming." At this moment the tramp of cavaltry announ ced the arrival of the guard of honour — the drums beat — the troops stood to arms, and we had barely time to mount our horses, when the viceregal party took their places in the carriges, and we all set out for the Phoenix. 44 Confess, Hinton : it is worth while beiog a soldier to he in Ireland." This was O'Grady's observalion as we rode down Parliament-street, beside the carriage of the viceroy. It was the first occasion of a field-day since the arrivel of his excellency, and all Dublin was on the tip-toe- of expectation at the prospect. Handkerchiefs were waved from the windows ; streamers and banners floated from the housetops ; patriots devices and allegoric representations of Erin sitting at a plentiful board, opposite an elderly gentleman with a ducal coronet, met us at every turn of the way. The' streets were literally crammed with people. The band played Patricks day. The mob shouted. His grace bowed, and down to Phil O'Grady himself, who winked at the pretty girls as he paised, there did not seem an unoccupied man in the whole procession. On we went, following the line of the quays, thread ing our way through a bare -legged, ragged, population, bawling themselves hoarse with- energetic desires for prosperity to Iceland. Yes thought I, as I looked upon the worn dilapidn,' ted houses, the faded and by-gone equipages, the-' tarnished finery of better days; — yes, my fathRr was right, these people are very different from their neighboui's ; their very prosperity has an air quite peculiar to itself. Every thing attested- a state of poverty, alack of trade, a want of com fort ami of cleanliness ; but still there was hut one expression prevalent in the moss— -that of i unbounded' good burner and gai>v. With aphi'o- sophv quite his own, poor Paddy seemed to feet a reflected pleasure from the supposed happi ness of those around h'ra. The fine clothes,, (the gorgeous equipages, the prancing chargerer, the flowing plumes — all, in fact, that forms the- aPPurtenances of wealth, constituting, in his mind4 a kind of paradise on earth. He thought their possessors at least ought to be happy, nrrd, like a good-hearted fellow, he was glad of it for their salces. There had been in the early part of the day art abortive effort at a procession. The Lord Mayor and the Sheriffs, in their state liveries, had gone forth with a proud following of their fellow- citizens ; but a manoeuvre, which hitherto bid1 bieen supposed exclusively the province of the navy, was here employed with unbounded sus- cess ; and the liackney-conchmen, by 44 cutting the line" in several plkces, had complefe'y disorganized the procession, which now presented the singular spectacle of an aldermanic functiona ry with emblazoned panels and bedizened horses, followed by a string of racketty jaunting-cars, or a noddy with its fourteen inside. Horse-men there were, too, in abundance. Were I to judge from the spectacle before me, I should say that the Irish were the most equestrian people of the globe ; and at what a pace they went ! Caring little or nothing for the foot-passengerB, they only drew rein when their blown steeds were unable to go fuither, and then dashed onward like a charge, amid a shower of oaths, curses, and imprecations, half-drowned in the laughter that burst on every side. Deputations there were, also, from various branches of trade, entreating their graoes to wear and to patronize the manufactures of the country, and to conform in many respects to its habits and customs : by all of which, in my then ignorance, I could only understand the vehe ment desire of the population that the viceregal cnurt should go about in a state of nature, and limit their diet to poteen and potatoes. " Fine sight this, Hinton ! Isn't it cheering? said O'Grady, as, his eye beamed with pleased delight. "Why, yes," said I, hesitatingly ; but don't you think if they wore shoes——" 44 Shoes I repeated he contemptuously, they'd never suffer Buck restrictions on their liberties. Look at them ! they are fellows to make soldiers of T The only fear of half rations with them would be the risk of indigestion." On we went, a strange and motley mass : the only grave faces being a few of those who satin gilded coaches, with embroidered hainmer- cloths, while every half-naked figure that flitted past had a cauntenance of reckless jollity and fun. But the same discrepancy that pervaded the people and the procession, was visible even in their dwellings, and the meanest hovels stood <, side by side with the public and private edifices of elegance and beauty. 44 This, certainly," thought I, ".is a strange land." A reflection I had reason' to recur to more than once in my after-experience in Ireland. (To be continued. J 