WEDNESDAY, MAY 8,1843. NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS. The quarterly subscription to this journal com- mences with the present number. In announcing this fact, the Editor, on the part of the proprietors, feels himself imperatively called upon to make a more than common appeal to such of the subscribers as are in arrear with their payments. He would remind them that however much the proprietors may be pleased with the popularity which this journal has gained, yet that they look for something more than mere praises, however freely be towed ; and more especially do they look for it from those who, in becoming subscribers, stand pledged to a certain quarterly payment. The proprietors have made many sacrifices in order to establish and carry on this journal ; but however desirous they may be to continue a con- cern in which, as the founders, they feel a sort of fatherly interest, and which they also believe to be an advantage to the colony, yet they cannot be supposed to consent to do so at a loss : a loss too arising, not from the want of sufficient sub- bcribers, but from the more vexatious fact of those subscribers neglecting to pay that which they promised that they would pay. The pro- prietors, and the editor, feel that they have not failed in the performance of that to which they stood pledged to the public, and they consequent- ly have a right to expect that that part of the contract which has reference to their subscribers will be kept with like good faith. The editor has hitherto refrained from taking any public notice of the arrears that are due, in the constant hope that such notice would be ren- dered unnecessary by the good sense and feeling of the subscribers ; but the time has now come when it may not be further delayed, now, when the neglect of its friends goes far to threaten the very existence of this journal. This may be a matter of surprise to many, but it is nevertheless perfectly true, and notice is thus publicly given of it in order that they who have the remedy in their hands may apply it if they will. No appeal is made to the charity of the public; all that is asked is, that that which is owing may be paid. The editor hopes that what has been said will be sufficient to show to the subscribers to this journal the necessity of making more regular payments. The fate of the Inquirer is in their hands. If it be their wish that it should continue, it must be on a very different system, with regard to the collection of the accounts, than has hitherto prevailed. He would submit also, that where the payment required is of an unvarying sum, at certain fixed intervals, notice of which is always given, each subscriber must necessarily know the amount of the demand against him, and he ought therefore to pay it, without waiting to be applied to for it. The chief arrival since our last is that of the Janet from England, with a full cargo for this place, and bringing back with her several of our old and valued settlers, and some new ones, who have not feared to try their fortunes in Western Australia. As the Janet sailed only three days subse- quently to the Success, her arrival adds little or nothing to our stock of public news ; but it hap- pens fortunately that during the Janet's stay at Cape Town, a vessel named the Enchantress arrived in Table Bay from London, by which we have received a few private letters down to the 15th December last. One of these is from our London correspondent, who, while informing us that there is no English news of any interest since his last by the Success, communicates the satisfactory intelligence of the arrival in London of the important mail sent from this place by the Champion in August last. The overland mail reached London, via, Marseilles, on the 6th Dec, and the ordinary ship-mail on the 13th of the same month. These arrivals had given great satisfaction, and we read of some thoughts being entertained, by persons interested in the welfare of the colo- ny, of getting up a public dinner, to which the reporters to the various papers were to be in- vited, with a view to giving wide circulation to the satisfactory intelligence that had been com- municated from this colony. From the same source we have also an acknowledgment of the receipt of the remittance forwarded from the Western Australian Society, of which we shall make further mention at a future opportunity. We are glad to perceive that the successful termination of the military operations in India and China has had the most happy effect upon the spirits of the people at home, and upon the commercial prospects of the country. The funds have risen nearly ½ per cent., and the markets are stated to be steadily improving The ad- vantageous peace that has been concluded with China is likely to be very beneficial to British trade, and all parlies are congratulating them- selves upon a result which promises to give a new elasticity to the commerce of Great Britain. The change is indeed most opportune, for it seems to have come at a time when a universal despondency had crept over the entire nation. The next ship from England may be expected early in September next. We are awakened to the present condition and immediate prospects of Western Australia, by the insight which we have lately received into the position of the sister colonies. Startled as we are by the distant thunder which announces the gathering of the storm in other quarters, we look around in search of shelter for ourselves. There are many who calmly listen to the sounds of ruin and devastation at a distance, as to a matter in which they have no concern or interest ; but it is far otherwise ; and our object now is to arouse the public attention to our own safety, which is intimately connected with the condition of our neighbours. In the establishment of a colony, the first, grand principle to be carried out, is the encou- ragement of domestic industry; which is the true and solid basis of a great country. The colonies founded by Great Britain in the seven- teenth century, were established upon this wholesome anil judicious system, and were dis- tinguished by the simplicity of their internal regulations, and the vigorous and healthy condi- tion which marked their progress from infancy to maturity and importance. Practising, from necessity as much as from policy, the most rigid self-denial, the early settlers gave vent to ho re- pinings after luxuries which were not to be imported, and were perfectly content to produce themselves the several articles necesaary to their domestic comfort. Happy in the society of their own families and possessed of all the substantial requisites to a peaceful and temperate life, they felt no inclina- tion to risk these advantages tor gold, which could produce them nothing more desirable. Such were the aims, and such the habits of the simple settlers ot former times. But this solidity of character, this deliberate, gentle and well-re- gulated progress in the road to importance and power, this unostentatious and respectable ap- pearance, so productive of confidence, so pro- mising of future good, is almost unknown in the economy of modern colonies. Restless and dis- appointed at home, smarting under losses, or feverish with the inebriate thirst for immediate riches, crowds of adventurers hurry to some dis- tant region, where they carry on a series of gambling speculations, wild as their own desires, false as their own principles, and rotten as their own characters. Momentary gleams ot good fortune buoy up their hopes, until, of a sudden, the gas escapes from the balloon to which they clung, and they are found extended upon the dunghills which they had raked before their own doors. These are the only effects which remain for their creditors. Hollow and unsound are the principles on which colonies of the present day are established. The hasty acquisition of riches, and the unre- strained indulgence of personal gratifications, are the only aims of the settlers; and when every thing that is respectable and praiseworthy is sacrificed to these objects, we need not wonder that ruin, and ridicule, and contempt, are the usual consequences. The follies and vices of the settlers (of course we speak only in general terms) are the causes of all the evils which attend the formation of a new colony. Instead of carrying out that grand prin- ciple which we have laid down at the commence- ment of this article as the only solid basis of prosperity, their time is divided between sense- less speculations and more senseless dissipation. Neither practising themselves that wholesome industry which is essential to success, nor en- couraging it in those around them, they obstruct the progress of the machine which it is their duty to propel. A new colony is ruined by the follies and vices of the settlers — first, because they neglect the encouragement of domestic industry ; second ly, because to feed those follies and pamper those vices they drain the colony of all its wealth. If content to live by their own internal re- sources like colonists of former days, our modern settlers would practise similar self-denial and frugality, we should behold again the same re- sults. We are not however to suppose that men may now be persuaded to live without money. All that need now be aimed at in a new colony, is, by the encouragement of industry, to keep as much as possible of its floating capital in constant circulation throughout its limits. As it is only by this means that we can ensure real prosperity and a sound and healthy state of things, so we may feel certain that every withdrawal of any portion of that capital from the body in which it circulates, like the life-blood of the animal frame, is the cause of a corresponding degree of weak- ness hi our vital energies. All the colonies of Australia, with the present exception of our own, have been ruined by the introduction of the numberless luxuries which were demanded by a thoughtless and reckless population, purchased chiefly by borrowed money introduced by foreign capitalists, and not remuneratively employed by the borrowers; and of those necessaries of life which ought to have been provided by domestic industry ; and by the withdrawal of the settler's own capital to provide these evidences of folly and mismanagement. It is a common occurrence that when men are roused at length by their necessities to attempt a remedy for their previous errors, they rush at once into the opposite, and equally fatal, extreme. The inhabitants of Adelaide suddenly found them selves obliged to turn their attention to the natu- ral resources of their own country. Hundreds who had wasted their substance in a town life, withdrew into the country and began to cultivate farms. This answered admirably well whilst the supply was no more than equal to the demand ; but incited by success, inflamed with the old desire to become suddenly rich, and beedless of the fact that their limited population afforded no market for excessive production, they have turned up their fertile soil with frenzied eagerness in search of wealth, and have brought themselves again to the verge of that ruin which they had only just escaped. In 1837 there was not a Nol44]single ncre of wheat cuhirafed in South Austra lia. Every man lived, as we before observed, upon imports. In 1838 there were only twenty acres of wheat cultivated in that colony. In 1839, one hundred and twenty. In the follow ing year, eight hundred and seventeen. Then, as we have said, people having generally wasted their substance, found it necessary to apply to the resources of the country, and accordingly we find that in 1841 there were 4,723 acres of wheat produced. The growers were repaid and en conraged (as we have jost remarked), and the consequence was that — 15,281 acres of wheat were cultivated in 1842. We are told that nearly double .that quantity is to be put into tillage this year, but on this point we are rather sceptical. At the beginning of this year, the market price of wheat in South Australia was is. a bushel, whilst labour was in much demand, and wtges were consequently high. We need scarcely therefore ask whether the farmer's profits have been very great during ihe past year. In their haste to get rich, colonists are apt to forget a most important truth — that great wealth can never be attained without a large population, or a certain market. They must therefore be content, as well as careful, not to raise more of any article than they are likely to dispose of. Individuals cannot outstrip (he progress of their colony. Having adopted her fortunes, they must he content to grow up with them. They must bide her time, for they cannot create a pri vate market for themselves. Upon the narrowest calculation, after allow ing l^lb. of flour daily for each of the 16,000 inhabitants of South Australia, that colony must now have upwards of 100,000 bushels of wheat for exportation. The observations we have made on South Australia apply very closely to many of the other colonies. Having first spent all their capital in obtaining foreign subsidence, they now -proceed with extra energy to produce more than they can dispose of to advantage. The truth is — and disguise it or deny it as we may, it is still the truth — the vast majority of settlers in every colony must resolve to be content with gaining only sufficient to enable them to pay their way. Unless population increased in an equal ratio with die productions of our farms, or unless new markets were continually being discovered, it cannot be otherwise. In England the case is reversed ; or at least the evil there complained of is the opposite to ours. But though we be ourselves fast approaching that condition which we have stated to be already the fate of the sister colonies, there is no reason why we should precipitate misfortune. The productions of the other colonies being now so far more abundant than the demand for them ; sheep in Van Diemen's Land selling for about half-a-crown per head, cows about three pounds, and wheat 4s. a bushel ; and the state of the markets of Fort Phillip and South Australia being precisely similar ; it follows that the in habitants of those colonies must inevitably at tempt to discover a market in other quarters for their produce. And shall we escape the general inundation ? Most certainly not. Before many months are passed, we shall be swamped and ruined, reduced to the level of the invaders, unless those precau tions be taken which it is the object of thin arti cle to invoke. A very few ship-loads of cattle and sheep would put a stop to all our sales, ex cept at ruinous prices. We call upon the settlers to exert themselves, And upon the government to lose no time in pass ing an act which shall impose a heavy duty upon all imported 6tock; we no longer require such additions, arid every shilling that goes from the colony in payment for such, or indeed for any other article of foreign production, is so much 'withdrawn irretrievably from tke resources of the colony. We believe we have adduced sound reasons for this step, and if it be not taken, the day will «ome when the colony will rue the omission. We have not advised a duty upon imported corn or flour, although the latter will be brought . hither m much greater quantities (in proportion) than any other marketable produce. But we look upon the introduction of flour info a place where there may be already a sufficient supply (but certainly in the present circumstances of tlie colony) &b; only a slight and temporary evil. It is not reproductive ; it is consumed at a low price to the benefit of hundreds, and then there is an end of it ; except so tar as it may operate to the discouragement of the farmer. And here we may observe that we should be strongly in favour of a high duty upon imported corn, were we only assured that our own formers would be thereby encouraged to produce sufficient for the wants Of the colony, at moderate prices. No one can be more strongly opposed than we are ourselves to the introduction of a single foreign article which might and ought to be produced by ourselves ; nay, we will go further, and say, that if we do not produce an article ourselves, we ought to be content to go without it. But the evil arising from the importation of stock is much more serious. Without such an impetus, our flocks and herds are fast increasing in an unequal ratio with the population and the demand. Prices fall rapidly; flocks and herds augment, whilst the demand for labour grows in consequence, and wages do not decrease. If then these evils be heightened by pressure from abroad, ruin must inevitably creep upon the farmer; and with him the fate of the colony is involved. Earnestly then do we call upon the legislature to step forward in time, and not wait for the ill till it be too late to provide a remedy. The general impression certainly is that there is little danger of such an importation as that to which we allude. But we would ask, is it not the part of prudent men to put the question be yond a doubt, and not run a risk which may prove fatal ? A very interesting meeting was held at the Court House, on Wednesday last, to consider the best means of promoting the formation of a Com pany, whose object should be to create an export trade of our timbers to the Mother country as well as -neighbouring colonies. The meeting was convened at the request of our worthy fellow col onist C. D. Ridley, Esq., who has taken up the subject of an expoit,timber trade with a zeal which does him infinite credit, and which we may well say is very different from the apathetic selfishness but too commonly displayed by the public at large when called on to travel but ever 60 little from their every day routine. The business of the day commenced* by Major Irwin being called to the chair, and Mr. Ridley then commenced a very full and satisfactory account of the reasons on whieh he grounded his expectations of being able to find a profitable market for our timber, either at home or in other colonies. One of the chief reasons for supposing that a market could he gained in England, was the letter written by the storekeeper to the Admiralty, to our late Go vernor Sir James Stirling, informing him that the Board of Admiralty were willing to take two hundred loads of the timber called Mahogany, at a price of twelve pounds ten shillings per load. With respect to the sale of timber in neighbour ing colonies very satisfactory proofs were adduced, especially those contained in a letter from the Isle of France, specifying with great minuteness the quantities, sizes, and values of stuff suitable for that market. From this paper it appeared that balks and beams were worth from four to six shillings per cubic foot, that is, equal to £10 or £15 per load. Planks and boards at from three-pence to seven- pence per foot linear, equal on an average to thirteen pounds a load. It was further observed and with good reason, that with the exception of a few bales of wool, the ships hence to the Mauritius are in ballast, and would therefore take a freight of timber at a low rate, And moreover that a Company properly organz cd could well afford to take coffee and sugar and other produce in exchange for their timber at a lower rale than the prices before specified, and yet have a larger profit on account of the great Value of these commodities in this colony. Thus the colonial merchant vessel would find a valu able trade being sure of a cargo both ways. Ma ny other details were laid before the meeting by Mr. Ridley which our space will not permit us to enlarge upon ; the main feature of the scheme was however to raise a sum of £2,000 in 600 shareB of £4 each; the usual resolutions follow ing as to instalments &c.; Afvery interesting dis cussion took place in which the Hon. Peter Brown, the Hon. Mr. ,Nash, Messrs. MacDer mott, Stringer, and Schoales took a part. It appeared that there was a risk as to whether the ' Jarrah' or mahogany of the settlers was one of the woods which would be accepted at the Isle of France, a question that could only be set at rest by the result of a trial cargo. A similar difficulty arose on the examination of the letter of the Storekeeper General, it appearing to the majority of the meeting that there was no distinct pledge on the part of the Board of Admiralty to recei ve the timber unless approved on survey. It appeared good therefore, on careful consideration of the subject, to support Mr. Ridley as far as possible in getting up an experimental cargo, but by no means did the circumstances of the case warrant the meeting, in sanctioning the formation of a company on the soelc projected by Mr. Ridley. We sincerely hope that the scheme will not be allowed to droop and die for want of sup port. In the present state of affairs,|it is of the deepest importance to export something besides our wool and oil ; for years the exchanges have been all the wrong way, and if we go on import ing goods to the amount of some £60,000 a year, and exporting to the amount of £10,000, it needs no ghost to tell us that the inevitable consequenc es must be bankruptcy and ruin. There then, we have an article of export which to all purpos es may be deemed inexhaustable, it is one which practical men, long ago offered to supply at our port at a rate 55 per cent under the value of the same article in the Isle of France ; why, then, it may he asked, did not these practical men embark in the trade themselves ? Alas ! but too many of us are prevented from doing all we would du, by want of money ; that want crippled the means of those who could go so far as to spend a sum of money in cutting, converting, and conveying timber to Fremantlc, but who could not lie out of that money until a cargo was realized even so near us as at the Mauritius. To remedy this de fect the projected company is to be formed. They say, bring us timber of certain sizes and first rate quality, and we will advance on it, we will pay you a share of the value of the timber now, and the rest when we obtain the return sales and die produce of them. The Company does not Interfere with the Sawyer, on the contrary, it of fers a fresh market in addition to the colonial ; it offers employment to the colonial craft ; it opens a new veiu of wealth, a fresh field of employment, and above all it to a certain extent offers a val uable substitute for the present ruinous exporta tion of specie. On the whole we are inclined to hope good things of the projected Company and from our heart sincerely wish it success. In looking over the files of papers lately re ceived from New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, we find much that may be extracted for the profit of our readers, and which gives opportunity to ourselves for, it may be, useful comments. It is worthy of notice that at this time every one of the Australian colonies, even South Aus tralia not excepted, is crying out against the high price of Crown Lands. Formerly this colony, which has ever steadfastly and consistently op posed the high price, stood alone in its declared resistance, the other colonies even in a manner supporting the measure by a silence as injurious as the most expressed assent. Western Australia, all insignificant as she is in comparison with the older Australian colonies, has originated and car ried on the opposition that has been made to the theories that threaten to involve all in one com mon ruin. While others slept she was waking ; while her neighbours took no heed to the evils that were creeping upon them, she was uttering loud notes of warning ; and how much soever we may now be pleased at finding the neighbour ing colonies at last sensible of their danger, we caanot but regret that so much good time should have been lost. Had our powerful neighbours given us their support while yet the measure was only in embryo, it might never have come to maturity, for ministers, although heedless of the feeble cry from this colony, could scarcely have remained deaf to the wishes and opinions of the whole of Australia. On the subject of the new regulation fixing the minimum price at £1 per acre, there is an admir able article in the Uobart Town. Advertiser of Februaiy 7th. Of this article we shall extract several portions ; not because the arguments of the writer are new — for every single thing he there says has been said over and over again by various persons in this colony — but because we desire to show how remarkably the other colonies are coming round to what we may call Western Australian opinions, and also because such opin ions cannot be too often repeated. Thus writes the editor of the Hobart Town Advertiser : — ' In our lait we promised to show that our new land re gulation fixing the minimum price at £1 per acre, com pletely prevents the investment of capital in the purchase of Urowu luucl. To prevent misapprehension we state at the cvmmccment that we coi.flne the remark to persons whose capital does not exc e-l two thousand pounds, and we believe that in doing bo our assertion is practically cor roct, inasmuch as few emigrant* bring larger mims to.the colonj' — far the greater proportion much less, and in the present state of embarrassment in which the colonists are planned, few have any money to invest at ail, while those who have, will find among- the different mortgaged pro perties, daily in the market, much more profitable invest ments. It is clear that any man who arrives here with a less sum than £1,100 is' absolutely useless a« a purchaser. Sheep farming, with this sum, i» quite out of the question, even supposing the most favourable case that land was put up Immediately on hit* arrival, that it was purchased at the minimum price, ttud that it was of the very be6t quality, namely, that which would feed a sheep to the acre. * » * * ' It mucht perhaps be said that the settler should be his own shepherd, but a man with £1,000 capital does not ex jicct to he exactly h labourer, or even if he did, his expe rience at landing would not qualify him for the task. lie is obliged to buy old sheep too, and at a price really below their value, except in these depressed times ; besides which, lie is supposed to be a single man, and all this, with the singularly favourable coincidences previously mentioned, nre evidently so improbable, that they may be placed in the list of impossibilities. So much for sheep farming. If the newly arrived em iffrant contemplates agriculture, he is as ill off, perhaps woree. All the lands worth anything for this purpose are already taken, except the heBvy timbered land, of such a nature as has deterred the old and experienced settler from the task, and are only suited to men who undertake to clear email patches by their own labour. But suppose him to have purchased such, he will be fortifuvte to obtain 200 acres of good land, and of this Hot more than 100 will be, first-rate. The expense of clearing will ratine from £100i to £90 per acre ; the best land being invariably the hea viest timbered, he is fortunate, indeed, if he clears ten acres the first year, and for this he pays the interest on the entire purchase, while he obtains no return until the se cond, and what between his ignorance of the necessary work, the propensity to cheat, and liability to be cheated, he is fortunate, if, at the end af a year, he has the means of putting a crop into the ground, of living and bringing that crop to market, the second. Here the profit, except in potatoes, would be nothing, and then only a very moderate chip, even supposing a good crop and a good price, which latt it it evident could not be obtained, were any very con siderable quantity of land applied solely to their culti vation. To take an instance of what is far more likely to happen, end which must generally be the casp, a man, with a fam ily, landed in flobart Town, with £1,500— supposiug him to be a mouth engaged in finding land, and that it is measured and put up for sale in a month more, neither very likely cases, that it is bought at the upset price, it will tnke at least £1,000 to pay for the land, support a family for fire months in Hobart Town, and place them on the farm, with a year's provisions, — and then the quantity of land if about 040 acres, far too small for sheep farming, and not sufficient even for mixed farming, supposing that the remaining capital would admit of it. In addition to whiuh a man who leaves home with £2,000 is entitled to something more than 640 acres of such land as is generally met with in this country, and to,;at least, a respectable aud comfortable mode of living, neither of which he can obtain with the minimum price of land twenty shillings an acre. 8o much for the price. The manner of sale is equally, if not more, objectionable. To say nothing of the time lost, the uncertainty of obtaining the land at all, and the con sequent additional delay, The Auction system induces a spirit of speculation and imprudence, whiuh is fraught with the worst consequences. An emigrant is, naturally, of a speculative and sanguine temperament, his very departure from borne in Bcarch ef fortune, is a proof of this. Carried too far, speculation has been the bane of the colonies, and yet the government, by the very mode in which they dis pose of land, do the utmost to encourage it. At u sale, the spirit of competition is soon aroused, and the man who has spent time and mosey in putting up land, does not willingly allow another to reap the advantage — he will, in conse quence, bid to, or beyond, its utmost value, while, UNder kriy circumstances, it will cost the industrious discoverer more than the idle speculator. The excitement of com petition is well known, and the man who would quietly and soberly form a just estimate of the value of land, will, un der euch excitement, often go far beyond it — the imme diate effect of which course may be to put more money into the coffers of the government, but which must cripple the future exertions of the settler, and thus, ultimately, lose to lite state much more than the amount gained in the first instance. TJte ueci'ssary result of the high price of land, and the sales by auction, in this country, must be, therefore, to prevent emigration in a great measure, and either to drive uway the few who will arrive, «r divert their capital from flowing into the Colonial chest. Land partially improved and selected long since, can be purchased ftt less than the minimum price of crown land in very many instances, and often at a credit which will allow of the beneficial employ ment of capital, while the settler, who purchases waste lands, has every thing to do, loaks up his capital at once, and is, consequently; obliged to borrow money at a rate which must lead to ruin. * * . * ' All Jkinds of experiments have been tried with the Australian Colonies, which seem to possess, in themselves, tome mystic property, as the same regulations are never attempted in America. Let the government now try, once more, a return to that system, under which they grew and flourished. Let land proportioned to capital, and paying a moderate quit rent, be granted to any man who becomes a bona fide settler on that land, and ltt measures be token to prevent fraud. The increase of Jand-holders will give employment to the influx of prisoners, and thus relieve the government ; let a moiety of the saving be ap plied to promote emigration from home, it will do more, tvn-fold, to efl'ect this purpose, than raising the price of land, the real effect of whiuh will be to destroy the funds necessary for that purpose, and thus prevent the dilutiou of vice with which we are inundated. The experiment of high price has been tried in South Australia. What has been the consequence 1 The capital has been all absorbed in purchase, emigrants flowed in abundance, but the capitalists were ruined, and the emi grants unemployed. Emigration to that quarter is now at' tin end — so it must be here. We do not blame the Go vernment, ut home, for following out' the system, which tiiey thought best, but wu think that they did not suffi ciently mature the course they were about to adopt, before they decided on it. They yielded more to the bold the ories of Charlctans, than to the tamer, but sure, opinions of men who had purchased their judgment from experience gained on the spot, and during a lifetime, and which judg ment had fttond the test of practicability and success. We do not blame, but we ask the arbiters of our destiny, to retrace their steps. Capital will flow into the colonies and labour will follow capital. We never could see why laud in Australia, sixteeu- thousand miles from home, suited only to a particular purpose, the profit of which is limited, aud not susceptible of iucrease ; where vice and crime form part of our moral atmosphere should be of 00 much more vulue than the land of Canada, within a short dis tance of home, capable of the utmost improvement, and peopled with a free and moral population. Should our rulers, at home, be wedded to the system of selling lands, at leat-t, let auctions be doae away with ; let the land be surveyed, charted, divided, and valued ; let the heavy timbered land be divided into lots, varying from one-hundred acres ; and let the price of the interior lauds be lowered, — then delay and injurious competition will be done away with, aud we shall be, at least, assimilated to .more favoured Colonies, which have no greater -claim, that we can perceive, except that being near home, their voices cau be better heard.' Deeply is it to be regretted that our friends in the Eastern colonies should have so long remain ed blind to the above wholesome truths I or at least should have hesitated so long to give them utterance. Now however, that the true light has at last broken in upon them, we trust (hat all their influence will be exerted to induce ' the arbiters *of our destiny to retrace theiifsteps.' Facts, and figures, aud common sense, all go to demonstrate the absurdity of fixing so high a price upon Aus tralian waste lauds; against which all the evi dence that can be brought is, the false assumptions of a now, thank heaven, almost exploded theory. In further proof of how much importance is at tached to this subject in Sydney, and of the gen eral attention now drawn to it, we may mention the following circumstance. The election of re presentative members to the Legislative Council of New South Wales, under the new constitution, was about to take place, and we observe that the several candidates are called upon to pledge them selves to advocate the reduction of the minimum price of land to 5s. per acre. We are not gen erally in favour of election pledges, but if ever we were to allow exceptions it would be in this instance. Come we now to another subject. At a meeting of the Legislative Council of Sydney, the Governor, Sir George Gipps, in laying an abstract of the ' Bank returns' before the Council thus remarks : — ' In the discounts he found that daring the year there had been an increase of not leu than £195,000; the abominable system of kite-flying, by means of discounts, which he had hoped had decreased, had been increased during the year to ihe enormous extent of £125,000 ; the debt of the colony to the banks had consequently in creased by tbat amount, and there was now in floating paper and other securities no lest than £2,626,000 owitig by the colony to the various banks. This enormous amount might not all be in bills ; some of it, no doubt, was invested in mortgages and other securities, but it was frightful to think that there was such a mass of paper afloat in the colony — a great deal of it actually worth nothing, and if brought to auction, altogether unsaleable. God only knew what it might fetch, but he feared little enough. The next circumstance which must be looked upon as unfavourable was, the feet that the tanking capital of the colony had been increased by £300,000, and this enormous sum was. -not capital made in the colony — it could not be, — but was capital imported from England. It could be looked on as nothing else than three hun dred thousand more temptations to the people of the colony to ruiu themselves; to borrow at any rate of in terest, aud in the end to sacrifice themselves, their families, and their properties, to the avarice of borrowing. And with all this increase of capital, there were people who would yet talk of 'want of capital.' He looked on the introduction of large capital from England as the com mencement of the ruin of the colony ; and the beginning of all the difficulties of the colony he dated at the introduc tion of that leviathan the Bank of Australasia. It was absurd to imagine that in a population of some hundred and thirty thousand persons — and one-half of those con victs— a capital of two or three millions could be properly employed. It was only throwing temptations in the way of people who had already shown that they were deter mined to borrow at any rate, so long as there was money to borrow. He was sorry to see these returns, and the state of affairs which they exhibited. People talked of the influence of Government, but what would be the influence of Government compared to that of the Banks?' And Sir George goes on to say that this influence would be paramount in the new assembly, for, says he ' u director of a bank, under the present system, need only show a member his bills, atid then let the member vote against the whites of that director if lie dare.' All this is very curious, and we have extracted it because it shows very forcibly the evils that must arise from the forced introduction of foreign capital into a place where it cannot be employed in wholesome operations. We have alluded to this subject already in this day's journal) and we may here repeat that where foreign capital is introduced more than sufficient to aid in developing the internal resources of a country, the whole of the surplus, however large, must be employed in giving facilities to persons to borrow in order to purchase foreign luxuries. and in creating an. appetite for those luxu ries ; an employment than which none can possibly be mo re ruinous. Supposing Sir George Gipps1 state ment to be correct, and he is at least a competent authority as to facts a very considerable propor tion of the whole property of New South Wales is now vested in the banks, while they who have borrowed the money have nothing whatever to show for all the fancied accommodation they have received. Our own settlers may take a lesson from this. From Port Phillip we have many instances of the great and sudden fall in the value of all pro perty. The following particulars of the sale of some houses and land at Melbourne are taken from a Port Phillip paper : — ' Sacrifice of Property.-- -Yesterday the Deputy Sheriff sold the following property belonging to Mr. Carrington, for cash : — The house and ground lately occupied by Mr. Clay, being' part of allotment No. 14, for four hundred and fifty pounds ; this cottage was formerly rented at three hundred and sixty pounds per annum! purchaser, James Thomsou, Esq. A six-roomed cottage with verandah, let to a respectable tenant at one hundred and fifty pounds, sold for one hundred and seventy-five pounds, ten shillings, to Mr. Cuntlqf* Also a piece of garden-ground adjoining, fifty-four feet frontage to Bourkc-street, at fifteen shillings per foot, forty pounds ten shillings. Total — six hundred and forty-eight pounds ten shillings. The sheriff's ex penses, kc., amounted to forty-eight pounds.' From the way ih which Mr. Clay's house is mentioned, it may be presumed to have been a tolerably good one, — to have cost at least say .£500 ; on this view the 'part of the allotment' on which it was built, must have been estimated at the time of sale at £50 less than nothing ! Many of our readers will recollect the circum stance of a gentleman, who visited this colony sometime ago, having sold an allotment in Mel bourne for the enormous sum of £10,000,— it may be even the very allotment in question. The fact was paraded about as an instance of the value of land in Port Phillip, whereas it should have been considered only us an example of the miserable folly that had taken possession of men in those days. No one could for an instant sup pose that the allotment was intrinsically worth chat sum ; it was altogether a speculative value, and here in the present prices of town allotments at Melbourne, we have the proof of it. The high rents mentioned in the above extract were probably agreed upon at a time when the mania was at its height, and the prices given at the sale may be considered as something like the real value now that persons have resumed their sober senses. Some allowance should also be made for the circumstances. The Sheriff is a most impe rative sort of person, and is satisfied with nothing, less than cash payments. This must necessarily have an affect upon all sales in places where money is far from abundant. While on the subject of Port Phillip we may mention that the land-fund of that province has fallen suddenly to little or nothing. The revenue from land sales in the year 1841 amounted to upwards of £21^000. What do our readers fancy it amounted to -n 1842? why, to £2,000 \\\ Here is another jiroof that the encouragement given to the ' pound an acre system' was only temporary even ih the most favoured districts. One more extract and we have done for the present. The following taken trom the Hobart Town Advertiser, tells a lamentable tale of the condition of immigrants at Sydney. Our last accounts from that quarter represented that the colonists were suffering fearfully from a want of labour, and it will be remembered that Sir George Gipps greatly exceeded his authority in the issue of ' Bounty orders,' with a view to provide for this alleged pressing want, for which, by the way, he got a good tiimming from the Secretary of State. How these accounts tally with what fol lows, we leave our readers to judge. ' We have in our possession a letter from a family who emigrated from this country in 1041, and arrived at Sydr ney on the 7th Janunry in the present year. The letter, which bears date 10th March, 1642, gives a deplorable ac count of the immigrants in that part of tiie colony, of whom in Sydney alone there were not less than fifteen hundred unemployed. The writer says he was shocked at the dreadful accounts which he heard of that place long before his arrival, but he found the reality fully equal to bis worst expectations. His own trade (that of au en giueer) was of no use to him. as there is not employment, he states, for more than six of his occupation altogether, there being only two steam boats in the country. Unem ployed joiners were walking about the streets' by dozens, and millwrights and mechanics had gone up the country as shepherds, their remuneration being twenty pounds a year and their food. The writer ouly bad two days' work at his trade since he arrived, and there was no prospect of obtaining further employment. He was, however, better off than hundreds who were about him, as he had tome bumble friends, and a little money. The former exerted tnetoBelves to procure services for his family, but the latter ftas, to use his own expression, ' waging very fast.' The. rents even of small houses are so exceedingly high, that the Government provide canvas tent*, in which the immi grants sleep in the fields. The writer of the letter and his family were ioilgi'it iu thu uiauutr for a week, but they wer* compelled to rrmove, ns the rain ilrenchpti them from J head to foot, and they suffered severely in health. They j then took a very shim!! house, the rent of which was ten shillings prr week. Anxious to make their bread by honest industry, they determined u|-on manufacturing gingerbeer, but they discovered that they could not vend this article without s license, which could not be obtained till they had settled twelve months in the colony. The next thought of the immigrant, who appears to be a man of energy and enterprise, was to purchase a horse and cart, and go into the woods to cut timber for fire-wood, which appears by the account to be a really profitable occupation. For this, however, he found, ou inquiry, that his finances would not be sufficient, as he could not purchase a horse alone for less than forty or forty-five poiiuds. One of the females of liis family was fortunate enough to obtain what he calls a very good place as nursemaid, at a remuneration of It. Gd. per week. Another had been employed to nurse a female riurinj; and after ber accouchement, for which she received three shillings per week. From this it w»mld appear that the wai.es of domestic servants are much lower iu Sydney than in England. The writer of the letter was at length glad to Hccept an engagement to g-* forty miles into the country, with his wife and three children, to work at a farm, with no other remuneration than food for himself and his family. The provisions allowed he describes as coarte and scanty, ' hardly sufficient to keep body and soul together.' The writer, in many parts of his letter, says he is completely broken-hearted.' Australind, April 23, 1843.— The Phan- tom brig, from Van Diemen's Land, having landed the flour and oats consigned to this settle- meut, sailed for the Mauritius on the afternoon of the 20th instant. Another survey on the North America whaler, still on shore, has, we understand, condemned her, in consequence of her having no anchors or cables. Had she been well found, she might all this week have been got off, the tide being un- usually high, and the wind tor two days favoura- ble. It is greatly to be lamented that American sliipf in the state as to anchors and cables which this ship was, should be allowed to enter our ports. An unjust prejudice will be excited against Port Leschenault by an occurrence such as the loss of this ship, which might have been averted with the most common precautions. Indeed, had the ship possessed an anchor which could have been depended upon, she might have been got off without any damage, as she was actually afloat in 3 fathoms water the day after she struck, riding only by her kedge ! ! The case requires the strictest investigation, and we trust the result will be published, to prove that the fault was with the ship, not with the anchorage. The Chance schooner has been got off the bank on which she had grounded in the inlet, and having passed over the bar, is in the bay again, taking back her cargo ; part of it (rice) having heated in her hold, had become greatly damaged, and has been sold by auction. We are happy to add, that the dulness which prevailed for a time in our settlement, is begin ning to disperse, and brighter prospects open upon us. Several parties are at work clearing the fine flats of some of the allotments on the Brunswick and face of the range. The time is not distant, we predict, when this immediate dis- trict will hot only produce all the meat, corn, and potatoes, which it requires for its population, but will furnish supplies to the firm and near mar ket which the Mauritius affords to this colony. A bay whaling company at Bunbury is in formation, and the expected sale of the wreck will furnish an excellent opportunity for procur ing boats and good gear for the intended opera- tions. We are extremely sorry to see, by the city article of the Times of November 26th, that con siderable discredit has been thrown upon Austra lian wools by the disgraceful frauds that are practised in some of the colonies in packing the ?wools for sale. The Times communicates the following particulars : — At a sale of colonial wool which took place at Garraway 's yesterday, a point was brought forward which has caused threat sensation in the trade. The adaptation of wools Krownttn the Australian posseoioua t» various branches «f fancy manufacture, has rendered the trade in it of increas ing importance, but the dealers feel that, as it is at present carried ou, it is not based on principles sufficiently equita ble. The wools are distributed among the warehouses in the decks, each bag is cut. open at the end for the buyer to inspect its contents ; and it ceems that, however great the number sold, he has only a few hours to examine them, and consequently has but small opportunity of discover ing whether they be defective. Thus, even when no de ception is intended, the dealer complains that he has not the proper means of discovering a casual fault. But the evil is much increased where u fraud prevaifa, which the buyers find exceedingly difficult to check. Unfortunately «dbtg of fraud are too common in the trade in colonial I wools, and the Australians are discovered to have been very ingenious in contriving various modes ot deception. Sometimes utiwushed wool is mingled with the Clean, Bume'imcs a small quantity of good wool is pluced at the ; emls of the bags only, while the middle is stuffud with in- ' L fcrior eortM, or even it has been found in some instances [ with large stone*. The frequency of the fraud at leugth I deternuuid tliu dealers to take »uuic determined nmasures, anfl at the sale ypstrrday thivfi-fourths of tiiMn retired (rom the room in consequence of the selling bivker refus ing to indemnify them in cases of false package. So resolved were the buyers to take stringent measures for the protection of their interest*, that a meeting was held to-day at Maoons'-hall, when the matter was fully discussed, and the result was, that they signed a paper de claring that they would not buy wools till their request was granted. After the meeting, a deputation of buyers waited upon the leading selling broker, Mr- Simes, with a view of arranging the question if possible. So far sntisfuc- , tory was the result, that the sales proceeded this afternoon ] on the understanding thut he would protect th» buyer where false packages, involving fraud, could be proved, provided application **as made within a month from the date of sale. Me also stated, that he would use his influ ence with his own principals to allow the public a more complete inspection of the wools by presenting the side io stead of the end of the bales. The suIcb, therefore, uow proceed in their usual course. We take notice of this not because we think it has any application to our own colonists, for we are quite certain that there is not a single exporter of wool in this colony who has ever dreamed of resorting to such desperately dishonest practices, but because we wish to suggest to our wool growers the propriety of adopting some especial mark by which all the wools sent from Western Australia may be at once recognised in the mar ket. In this way we should be saved from the shame of even having it supposed that any such fraudulent bales as are mentioned above are the products of this colony ; and in a very short time the brokers would learn to put confidence in the mark, and, depending upon the honesty of the bales, would give a better price for the contents. At present we have no doubt to bear a portion of the sweeping discredit that has been thrown upon ' Australian wools,' and, however innocent, are mixed up with the rogues of other colonies. Our readers may recollect that we noticed some few weeks back the invention of an aerial steam carriage, by means of which persons were to he conveyed through the air, from London to India in four days. Our authority was the Atlas newspaper, and in a subsequent No. of the same journal we now observe a letter from a Mr. J. S. Miles confirming the fact of this extraordinary in vention. Our readers must judge for themselves of the degree of authority which attaches to the writer : — THE AEUIAL STEAM CARRIAGE. TO THE KDlTQB. OF TEE ' ATLAS.' ' Sir, — From the proverbial respectability of the Atlas newspaper, the public are inclined to place confidence iit statement* originating in its columns, yet the announce ment or the 4th hist., respecting the ' Aerial Steamcar riage,' made many of my friends as well as myself exceed ingly sceptical as to its correctness I have, therefore, taken much pains to n6crtain the fact, and have now no hesitation in corroborating the paragraph you have sub mitted for the public information. It is perfectly true that such, an in rent ion is in existence, totally distinct from the principle of balloons; that a work ing model has been shown me, which, by its action, ap pear* to establish the perfect practicability of travelling through the air, being so complete and simp e in its con struction, and lue combination of its parts so extraordinary, that little doubt remains that the important results of the invention will be fully achieved. 1 am given to understand that 'the* first carriage will be ready for operation early in the ensuing year : it therefore behoves individuals to await the development of this won derful invention, when it mav become an important sub ject for consideration as to the changes that wiii result to society, whether under the control of the government, or in the hands of a public company. 1 am, Sir, your very obedient servant, J. S. Miles. (Late Dodwcll tnid Miles, East India Army Agents, 69, Cornhill.) - 24th November, 1842. The following letter has been addressed by sur local government to Captain Stokes, of H. M. S. Beagle, acknowledging the important and valuable services done upon our coasts by the officers and crew under his command, and that of his predecessor. Certainly these services cannot be too highly spoken of, and among our own colonists there are very many who, out of mere personal friendship and esteem, will re-echo the commendations and good wishes of our local authorities: — ' WESTERN AUSTRALIA. Colonial Secretary's Office, Perth, April 27, 1843. Sir, — On the occasion of H«r Majesty's ship Beagle touching here on her way to England, after having completed the survey for the pur pose of which she visited Australia, his Excel lency Governor Hutt, and the Members of the Executive Council of Western Australia, feel that they cannot allow her to depart without ex pressing the warm thanks of the local govern ment for the many important and valuable services which have boon rendered by Captain Wickham in the first instance, and subsequently hy yourself, and the officers and crew of that vessel, to this colony, as well as the uniform readiness which has always been evinced to further ils interests whilst employed on the6e ooasts. I have been instructed to convey these senti ments to you, and to request you to communi cate them to the officers and crew under your command. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant, Peter Brown, Colonial Secretary. Captain Stokes, M.M.S. Beagle, Gafie*s Roads' 