THE LITTLE HARD-FACED OLD GENTLE- MAN. [from the diary of an editor.] I was passing from my office one day, to indulge my- self with a walk, when a little hard-faced old man with a black coat, broad-brimmed hat, velvet breeches, shoes and buckles, and gold-headed cane, stopped me, standing directly in my path. I looked at him. He looked at me. I crossed my hands before patiently, forced my features into a civil smile, and waited the developement of his intentions ; not being distinctly certain from his firm, determined expression, whether he was " a spirit of health or goblin damned," and whether his intents were "wicked or charitable" — that is, whether he came to discontinue or subscribe, to pay a bill or present one, to offer a communication or a pistol, to shake me by the hand or pull me by the nose. Editors now-a-days must always be on their guard. For my part, I am peaceable, and much attached to life, and should esteem it exceedingly disagreeable to be either, shot or horsewhipped. I am not built for action, but love to sail in quiet waters ; cordially eschewing gales, waves, and water-spouts, sea-serpents, earthquakes, tornadoes, and all such matters, both on sea and land. My antipathy to a horsewhip is an inheritance from boyhood. It carried me across Cæsar's bridge, and through Virgil and Ho- race. I am indebted to it for a tolerable understanding of grammar, arithmetic, geography, and other occult sciences. It enlightened me not a little upon many algebraic processes, which, to speak truth, pre- sented otherwise but slender claims to my considera- tion. It disciplined me into an uniform propriety of manners, and instilled into my bosom early rudiments of wisdom and principles of virtue. In my maturer years, the contingencies of life have thrust me, rather abruptly, if not reluctantly, into the editorial frater- nity, (heaven bless them, I mean them no disrespect), and, in the same candour which distinguishes my for- mer acknowledgments, I confess that visions of this instrument have occasionally obtruded themselves somewhat forcibly upon my fancy, in the paroxysms of an article, dampening the glow of composition, and causing certain qualifying interlineations and prudent erasures, prompted by the representations of memory or the whispers of prudence. The reader must not fancy, from the form of my expression, that I have ever been horsewhipped. I have hitherto escaped, (for which, heaven be praised !) although my horizon has been darkened by many a cloudy threat and thun- dering denunciation. Nose-pulling is another disagreeable branch of the editorial business. To have any part of one pulled is annoying; but there is a dignity about the nose impa- tient even of observation or remark ; while the act of taking hold of it with the thumb and finger, is worse than murder, and can only be washed out with blood. Kicking, cuffing, being turned out of doors, being abused in the papers, &c.;, are bad, but these are mere minor considerations, Indeed many of my brother editors rather pique themselves upon some of them, as a soldier does on the scars obtained in fighting the battles of his country. They fancy that, thereby, they are invested with claims upon their party, and suffer indefinite dreams of political eminence to be awakened in their bosoms. I have seen a fellow draw his hat fiercely down over his brow, and strut about with in- sufferable importance, on the strength of having been thoroughly kicked by the enemy. This is a long digression, but it passed rapidly through my mind, as the little, hard-faced old gentle- man stood before me, looking at me with a piercing glance and resolute air. At length he spoke first, like a ghost : " You are the editor ?" — &c.; A slight motion of acquiescence with my head, and an affirmative wave of my hand, a little leaning toward the majestic, announced to my unknown friend the accuracy of his conjecture. The little old gentleman's face relaxed — he took off his broad-brimmed hat and laid it down with his cane carefully on the table, then seized my hand and shook it heartily. People are so polite and friendly when about to ask a favour. " My dear sir," said he, " this is a pleasure I have long sought vainly. You must know, sir, I am the editor of a theatrical weekly — a neat thing in its way — here's the last number." He fumbled about in his pocket, and produced a red covered pamphlet. " I have been some time publishing it, and though it is admitted by all acquainted with its merits, to be clearly the best thing of the kind ever started, yet people do not seem to take much notice of it. Indeed, my friends tell me, that the public are not fully aware of its existence. Pray let me be indebted to you for a no- tice. I wish to get fairly afloat. You see, I have been too diffident about it. We modest fellows allow our inferiors to pass us often. I will leave this number with you. Pray, pray give it a good notice." He placed in my hands the eleventh number of the " Thespian Magazine," devoted to the drama, and also to literature, science, history, and the arts. On reading over the prospectus, I found it vastly compre- hensive, embracing pretty much every subject in the world. If so extensive a plan were decently filled up in the details, the "Thespian Magazine" was certainly worth the annual subscription money, which was only one dollar. I said so under my " literary noti- ces," in the next impression of my journal ; and al- though I had not actually read the work, yet it sparkled so with asterisks, dashes, and notes of admiration, that it looked interesting. I added, in my critique, that it was elegantly got up, that its typographical execution reflected credit on the publishers, that its failure would be a grevious reproach to the city, that its editor was a scholar, a writer, and a gentleman, and was favourably known to the literary circles by the eloquence, wit, and feeling of his former productions. What those productions were, I should have been rather puzzled to say, never having read, or even heard of them. This, however, was the cant criticism of the day, which is so exorbitant and unmeaning, and so univer- sally cast in one mould, that I was in some tribulation, on reading over the article in print, to find that I had omitted the words " native genius," which possess a kind of common- law right to a place , in all articles on literary productions. Forth, however, it went to the world, and I experienced a philanthropic emotion in fancying how pleased the little hard-faced old gentle- man would be, with these flattering encomiums on his " Thespian Magazine." The very day my paper was out, as I was sitting " full fathom five" deep in an article on " the advanta- ges of virtue," (an interesting theme, upon my views of which I rather flattered myself), I was startled by three knocks at the door, and my " come in" exhibited to view, the broad-brimmed hat of the hard-faced old gentleman, with his breeches, buckles, gold-headed cane, and all. He laid aside his hat and cane with the air of a man who has walked a great way, and means to rest himself awhile. I was very busy. It was one of my inspired moments. Half of a brilliant idea was already committed to paper. There it lay — a fragment — a flower cut off in the bud — a mere outline — an embryo ; and my imagination cooling like a piece of red-hot iron in the open air. I raised my eyes to the old gentleman, with a look of solemn silence retaining my pen ready for action, with my little finger extended, and hinting, in every way, I was " not i' the vein." I kept my lips closed. I dipped the pen in the inkstand several times, and held it hovering over the sheet. It would not do. The old gentleman was not to be driven off his ground by shakes of the pen, ink-drops, or little fingers. He fumbled about in his pockets, and drew forth the red-covered " Thespian Magazine," devoted to the drama, &c.;, number twelve. He wanted " a good notice. The last was rather general. I had not specified its peculiar claims upon the public. I had copied nothing. That sort of critique did no good, He begged me to read this carefully — to analyze it — to give it a candid examina- tion." I was borne down by his emphatic manner ; and being naturally of a civil deportment, as well as, at that particular moment, in an impatient feverish hurry to get on with my treatise on the " advantages of virtue," which I felt now oozing out of my subsiding brain with alarming rapidity, I promised to read, no- tice, investigate, and analyze to the uttermost extent of his wishes, or at least of my ability. I could scarcely keep myself screwed down to com- mon courtesy till the moment of his departure ; a proceeding which he accomplished with a most com- mendable self- possession and deliberate politeness. When he was fairly gone, I poked my head out, and called my boy. "Peter." " Sir." " Did you see that little, old gentleman, Peter." 'Yes sir." " Should you know him again, Peter ?" ( To be Continued.) — Humanity. — True humanity consists not in a squea- mish ear ; it consists not in starting or shrinking at melancholy tales, however tragical ; but in a disposition of heart to relieve misery. True humanity appertains rather to the mind than to the nerves, and prompts men to use real and active endeavours to execute the actions it suggests. Humanity is, in regard to the social affections, what the first lay of colours is in respect to a picture. It is a ground on which are painted the different kinds of love, friendship, and en- gagement. As the ancients held those places sacred which were blasted with lightning, we ought to pay a tender regard to those persons who are visited with affliction. A general civility is due to all mankind ; ordinary humanity and a peculiar delicacy of good breeding is owing to the distressed, that we may not add to their affliction by any seeming neglect. England and Spain. — The number of newspapers in England is about two hundred and thirty, and the annual average number of convictions for murder is thirteen or fourteen. The number of newspapers in Spain, a few years ago, was ONE, and the annual num- ber of convictions for murder was upwards of twelve hundred. " A little learning is a dangerous thing ! " Pleasant State of Things in New York. — There is not the least thing doing in any branch of bu- siness whatever, except lying and cheating in Wall-st., picking pockets promiscuously and killing dogs all over the city. 