" To the Editor of Bentley's Miscellany (Private.) "April 1, 1S42. "Srn,—If my wife, who has given me a great deal of trouble, and for whose engagements I have been obliged to state publicly that I am not responsible, should call at your office, and claim in my name the money for the paper, entitled " My Honey Moon," sent to you some time ago, pray be so good as not to let her have it. "I am, sir, your obedient servant, WICKED BOYS.—Nature allows to growing lads a ce tain range of wickedness, sans jteur et sans reproche. She seems, indeed, to whistle into their ear to mock ancient females—to laugh at Quakers—to make mouths at a decent man and his wife riding double to church—the matron's thick legs ludicrously bobbing from the pillion, kept firm on Dobbin's rump by lier bottom, " pondcribus libratr. suis,"—to tip the wink to young women, during sermon on Sunday —and, on Saturday, most impertinently to kiss them, whether they will or no, on high road or bye-path—and to perpetrate many other little nameless enormities. No doubt, at the time, such things will wear rather a suspicious character; and the boy, who is detected in the fac f , must be punished by pawmy, or privation, or imprisonment from play. But, when punished, he is, of course, left free to pursue his atrocious career; nor is it found that he sleeps a whit the less soundly, or shrieks for Heaven's mercy in his dreams. Conscience is not a craven. Groans belong to guilt. But fun and frolic, even when trespasses, are not guilt; and, though a cat has nine lives, she lias hut one ghost—and that will haunt no house where there are terriers. What! surely, if you have the happiness of being a parent, you would not wish your only boy—your son and heir—the blended image of his mother's loveliness and his father's manly beauty—to be a snug, smooth, prim, and proper prig, wi h his hair always combed down on his forehead, hands always unglaured, and without spot or blemish on his white thread stockings? You would not wish him, surely to be always moping and musing in a corner, with a good book held close to his nose—botanising with his maiden aunts— doing the pretty at tea tables, with tabbies, in handing round the short-bread, taking cups, and attending to the kettle—telling talcs of all naughty boys and girls—laying up his penny-a-week pocket money in a penny pig—keeping all his clothes neatly folded up in ati unlurabled drawer—having his own peg for his uncrushed hat—saying his prayers precisely as the clock strikes nine, while his companions are yet at blind- man's buff—and puffed up every Sabbath-eve by the parson's praises of his uncommon memory of a sermon—while all the other boys are scolded for having fallen asleep before "Tenthly?" You would not wish him, surely, to write sermons himself, at his lender years—nay, even to be able to give you chapter and verse for every quotation from the Bible? No. Better far that lie should begin early to break your heart, by taking no care even of his Sunday clothes—blotting his copy—impiously pinning pieces of paper to the Dominie's tail, who to him was a second father—going to the fishing, not only without leave, but against orders— bathing in the forbidden pool, where the tailor was drowned—drying powder before the school-room fire, and blowing himself and two crack-skulled cronies to the ceiling —tying kettles to the tales of dogs—shooting an old woman's laying hen—galloping bare-backed shelties down stony steeps— plimhing trees to the slenderest twig on which a bird could build, and up the tooth of time-indented sides of old castles, after wall-flowers and starlings-- being run away with, in carts, by colts against turnpike gates—buying bad ballads from young gipsy girls, who, on receiving a sixpence, give ever so many kisses in return, saying, " taka your change out of that;"—on a borrowed broken-kneed pony, with a switch tail—a devil for galloping—not only attending country races, for a saddle and collar, but entering for and winning the prize—dancing like a devil in barns, at kirns—seeing his blooming partner home over the blooming heather— most perilous adventuce of all in which virgin purbity can be involved—fighting with a rival in corduroy breeches, and poll shorn beneath a caup, liil his eyes just twinkle through the swollen blue—and, to conclude this "strange eventful history," once brought home at one o'clock in the morning, God knows whence or by whom, and found, by the shrieking servant, sent out to listen for him in the moonlight, dead drunk, on the gravel at the gate! Nay, start not, parental reader—nor, in the terror of anticipation, send without loss of a siugle day, for your son to a distant academy, mayhap pursuing such another carecr. Trust though to the cental,^^CracidtK ^wifrWhlraWwedieatrti L u f * "THE AUTHOR." n e Recreations of.Chrlsi North. j 