ENGLISH. -EDUCATIONAL SCHEME. (From the Times of October.) We really hope that the Education Committee of HER MAJESTY'S Council will lose no time in illuminating this hitherto benighted age with a lucid exposition of the mode in which children are to be taught, on " the constructive 'method, to walk, to dress and undress, to take rhubarb and senna without making wry faces, to ride to swim, to shut the door after them, to do as they are and to cut bread and butter without cutting their fingers, to conjugate arno and repeat the Eton Syntax, and to practise any other imitative art, the acquirement of which would, on ordinary principles, be in any way [troublesome, either to themselves or others. We have already been taught by the Council how to take " a short and easy method with children to make them talk and spell. Writing comes next. And with the following magnificent flourish of trumpets is the INVENTION of the " constructive method of teaching to write introduced, under the sanction of the Committee of HER MAJESTY'S Council : " Writing is a species of drawing and as such, an imitative art !" " Ut picture passes:" poetry and painting are alike, in that they are " imitative arts." And so are painting and writing. HER MAJESTY'S Council have at length hit upon the connecting link between the three, in the shape of a young gentleman's ? copy-book. Often have we wondered at seeing depicted in beautiful variety, amidst rude " drawings," intended to represent the archetypal forms of great - A's and little B's, and antediluvian pot-hooks, certain other " pictures" of more questionable admissibility, bearing the semblance of the writing-master's nose or visage, with pig-tail duly appended ; while, at the commencement of the book, humble essays in the other kindred " imitative art of poetry might be discovered, informing the curious reader who the owner of the book was, or how he entertained suspicions of other people's honesty. We confess that these sort of exercise tions always appeared to us to be rather a sign that such applications of the imitative arts were more agreeable than copying the abstract beauty of long " I " or round of but it seems that we were mistaken. We overlooked the fact, that this sort of amusement was really only an inferior species of " writing" only more delectable than that exercise, owing to the scurvy way in which the latter had been treated. We did not reflect on the very pleasant way in which this latter sort of imita- tion might be developed, even to the exclusion of all other drawing whatsoever, whether of pig-tails or of rhymes. To imitate is natural and delightful to " children and the power of imitation ought " therefore to be directed and developed." Only teach children to write SYNTHETICALLY, and they will soon " take such pleasure in this sort of imitation," that no other will tempt them from it. So say HER MAJESTY'S Council, and thus they elucidate the wonderful method which is to effect this incredible change : " The IN " STRUCTOR must dissolve (1) the combinations of letters which are called words." (Who could have thought, if the Council had not told us so, that a word was a combination of letters ? Ah ! la belle chose que de savoir quelque chose a) ; " and he must resolve ( ! ! ) of the complex forms called letters into their " simple elementary parts in other words, " the INSTRUCTOR must analyse ( !!! ) the objects " which the child is to imitate. He must " arrange ( !!!! ) the elementary forms in the order of their simplicity, i. at the instructor 4s must CLASSIFY ( I'll ) the elementary forms '. so that the first efforts of the child may be directed to the imitation of the simplest .. forms." The Council then proceeded By this natural " processes etc, " the child proceeds by " SYNTHESIS, and constructs the object 1" Dissolve! resolve! analyse! arranged class order ighbour Clendinning, after a torrent of euphemism from Sir Piercie Shafton, very marvellous fine eyes " words !" Surely, there must be something in them. Such was our first impression on reading the above singularly explanatory explanation ; but our second opinion expressed itself in certain well-known phraseology, commencing with the appropriate words, " Teach your grandmother." The plain English of all this is, that, at very particularly considerable trouble, children are taught, before they begin to write, what " a right line (not a straight line, that would have been too easiness. No ; they are instructed in the meaning of the geometrical term " right line." They are then taught the peculiar meaning of the technical terms "link" (formerly called pot- book, we believe) and " hook ;" and the children being thus primed, a fellow gets up, and sings out successively the words Right line " " Hook I " " Link I" " Hook !" " Right line!" "Link!" so, as these elements" occur in the words and letters which he is dictating, and the children make hooks and links accordingly. This is the system. Whether this is done for the purpose of promoting and developing " imitation," we know not. We should have thought that an ordinary copy might possibly have promoted the thing better than the abstract idea conjured up by the word of command. The only result that we can see, except an illegible daub, is, that, in the language of the Council, " the errors of the " master are transferred to the copy-book !" Wonderful result! Wonderful exemplifica- tion of the order of simplicity!" And this it is to have an Education Committee of Council " The complex forms called letters, are to be resolved into their elementary " parts." This is all, How easy ! How delightful ! How stupid not to see that a letter was a complex form ! Once discover this, and writing is as easy and pleasant as COLUMBUS'S egg, or pulling a cat's tail, or drawing skele- tons and ugly imps in the copy book. To be sure, it is difficult to make children understand and remember what a right line is, and how long, and at what angle it is to be inclined, &c.; ; but these are only preliminary difficulties. They have nothing to do with the system. What a pity it is that children cannot be taught to tie their shoes, or comb their hair, or do anything else which is unpleasant, and therefore apt to be left undone, on this synthetically system. A shoe-tie consists of a collision, of a complicated involution and reduplication, of two distinct terminations of one and the same ligature. " The instructor must dissolve " the combination of necessities which is called " a confirmation, and he must resolve the com " plex forms called nodes or necessities into " their simple elementary parts in other " words, the instructor must analyse the object " which the child is to imitate. He must then " arrange the elementary forms in the order of their simplicity i.e., the instructor must classify the elementary forms, so that the " first efforts of the child may be directed to the " imitation of the simplest forms." We should really like to see a regiment of children, who had been first duly primed in these simple terms, " necessity," " colligation," c, " proceeding to tie their shoes by synthe " sis," and '* constructing the object (i.e., the "knot) from the elements furnished by the " analysis of the instructor." " A child," say the Council, " will soon die " cover the utility of these directions, and take a pleasure in them What trouble 1 what vexation would thus be saved to nurses and mammas ! how many children's noses would be saved a breaking, if only the Committee of Council would promulgate " on authority this constructive system of tying the shoe ! There would, moreover, be something novel as well as attractive about this whereas we have some unaccountable misgivings about having already heard somewhere or other the principal points of this writing system. We have some faint idea that we have before now been told by somebody, as much as that a word is a " combination of letters, and a letter a complex form, though we are not sure that the communication was made to us in precisely such gorgeous phraseology : we have also an indistinct remembrance that when we began to learn writing we first drew straight lines and pothooks, with other elementary forms; and we cannot help suspecting that some one has been imposing on the Committee of Council in telling them that it was a new discovery, to direct the efforts of the child first to the " simplest forms." Really, after all, " There needs no ghost, my Lords, come from the grave " To tell us this." 