YORK AGRICULTURAL MEETING. The annual show of stock for the Society's prizes was held at York on Friday last. The fair was not so numerously attended as last year, neiliier was the quantity of stock for sale so great as on preceding occasions, people gene rally feeling rather shy of purchasing 6tock in the present uncertain state of the market. Sales of different kinds of stock were, however, effect ed to the amount, in the aggregate, of £800* at about the following prices : — Horses from £26 to £40, according to quality; cows, £8 8s.; cow and calf, £9 9s. ; fat oxen, weighing about 500ibs., £13. The only ewes actually sold con sisted of a lot of culls, for which the price was 7s. ; these were very inferior. The price for good ewes may be quoted at 25s. Several lots of wethers, fit for the butcher, were disposed of at £1 per head, but this price was refused in more than one instance. For good wethers, weighing from 50 to 60 lbs., the price may be quoted at £1 5s. Altogether, the impression appeared to be that the price of stock generally was rather on the rise. The demand for cattle was. greater than for sheep ; this may probably be accounted for on the score that less expense is incurred in their tending. . The sheep shown for the prizes were of first rate quality, the judges repeatedly expressing their admiration of the different specimens. The first prize, being for the best merino ram, colo nial-bred, was awarded to Messrs. Landor and Knight, for a very fine teg. In this case there was no competition, but the prize was awarded by the judges as a ca6e of particular merit. Thu second prize, for the best pen of merino ewes, colonial-bred, was also won by Messrs. Landor & Knight. The third prize, for the best cross bred ram, was awarded to Mr. W. L. Brock man, who also carried off the prize for the best lambs. The fourth prize, for cross-bred ewes, was awarded to Messrs. Bulges ; and the prize for the best wedders was gained by Messrs. Landor & Knight. For all these prizes, except for the rams, there was considerable competition, and the judges expressed their high satisfaction at the excellence of the animals shown. For the prize for the best horse, five fine ani mals were shown; the cup was awarded to Mr. J. F. Smith, for his two-year old colt Champion. The show oi mares uiid iillies wus by no thtaus so good as last year ; the prize was won by Mr. DoiIJp, for his two-year old Hlly. The prize for the best cow was carried off by the Mi*ssrs. Burges, for a remarkably fine cow called Jenny. A bull, also belonging to these gentlemen, was shown fur a cattle-prize, but as there was no competition, and no very particular merit in the animal shown, ho prize for bulls was* awarded. All the prizes having been awarded, the mem bers assembled at the York Hotel for the purposrg of the general business of the society ; — W. Tan ner, Esq., in the chair. On the motion of Mr. H. Landor, seconded by Mr. R.vViveash, it was resolved that rule 0, which has reference to the payment of the annual subscription, should be strictly enforced; and that the Secretary should give notice to all mem bers in arrear with their subscriptions, that if the same were not paid on or before 25ih Do ceiuber next, such de.aulters would b-* erased (ruin the list of members. Sevi'ial letters were read by the Secretary re lative to the transactions of the society, among the rest one irttm George Leake, Esq., M. C, staling that a Committee of tlic Legislative Council had been appointed to ascertain the pro bable amount of labourers required for the sup ply of the colony for the ensuing and following years, and requesting mforiualion from the com mittee of the society on the subject. The Secre tary stated that a reply had been sent in which the committee had given it as their opinion, that about 150 working hands, with the proper pro portion of women and children, would suffice lor the year 1844. It was understood, however, that this supply had reference only to the wauta of that particular district, including Northern, and Toudyay. The Secretary then produced hi» balance sheet, by which a very favourable state of funds was shown, in spite of the backwardness of some of the members in payment of their subscriptions. The following gentlemen were then elected members of die society :-r- Messrs. HhscIuocmI, R. Burgh, Carey, Dempster, Mitchison, G. Whitfield, \V. Laudor,atfiN4. Burgh, Captain Blackwood, of HM.Si'FJy, wus elected an honorary member of the society. The following gentlemen were lh«n elected to serve on the committee of. management tor the ensuing year: — Messrs. S. Burges, H. Landor, T. Brown, J F. Smith, T.Carter, and S. Parker ; Mr. H. Burgh, was elected Secretary. Some conversation followed upjri the subject of the want of labour, and upon the positive ne cessity of procuring a supply by some means ; during which the system of bounty to private in dividuals introducing labour, was mentioned fa vourably by several members. The meeting ? * ^ ? i' j' j i I d i i showed a strong inclination io auaress me uoiue government on the matter, but it was ultimately thought more advisable to await the result of the application for an emigration loan, now making with the concurrence of the Legislative Council, and the government, and no resolution was come to. The business being concluded, the members adjourned to a capital dinner provided by Mr. Monger, and the evening was passed with the customary hilarity and good feeling. Captain Blackwood of H.M.S. Fly, honoured the mem bers with his presence, and in returning thanks for his health having been drank, remarked in an encouraging manner, on the vast improvement that was manifest in the colony since his first visit. The gallant Captain observed that he had been informed that the farmers were, just at that moment, rather dispirited, but for his own part he had seen nothing, either in their circumstanced, or in the general position of the colony, to give any great cause for despondency : on the contra ry, he saw abundant reasons lor congratulating the settlers on the successful progress they had made, evidence of which was every where around him. The improvement that has taken place in the Yoi'k district, even within the last year, is most striking. The whole valley of the Avon now of fers a continued succession of fertile, and well cultivated farms ; the crops aw remarkably fine and every kind of stock is in excellent condition. The farmers may complain, and with reason, at the high rate of wages, induced by the want of a proper supply of labour, but even this evil, great as it undoubtedly is, is almost compensated by the fertility of climate and soil with which they are blessed. York Races. — On Saturday last, the York settlers were gratified with the exhibition of this old English spot. It was the first racing meet ing ever held in the district, and, without being quili.1 equal to all that we have seen v\sev here, was yi I sufficiently successful to give encourage ment fo those by whom the races have been es tsMisheil to make fresh exertions next year. The t:port ntijjht have been infinitely better had not rsiutiy of the eett!«rs in the neighbourhood held hiiL-k with that doubt which generally waits on a \- -£t attempt. Even as it wan, the sport went off e.vtremely well, and a? a commencement has now bfx-n made, we may look forward to a regular meeting in future. The course has been very veil selected by ihcnret stewards (M esBrs. S. Bar ges, and J. F. Smith) on the left bank of the river, fronting the York Hotel, and circles ronnu the base of a gently rising hill, from the Bummit of which, the whole of the race may be viewed distinctly; it is something less than a mile in ex tent. The first race was for the York etakes, for which three horses entered :—Mr. Francisco's Napoleon, ridden by Luekyer, Mr. Jewell's Fly, ridden by owner, and Mr*. T Lockyer's 2 year old colt ridden by J. Woods. The race was won with great ease, by Napoleon, in two heats ; in deed so certain was every body of the issue, so coon as Napoleon was entered, that there was some difficulty in getting anything to start against him. His spirited owner sent him upwards of (severity miles to be present at the meeting, and from this circumstance every body was anxious to make up a race for him ; but it was a hollow thing, the other two ttot having the ghost of a chance against him. The second race was a hurdle race, for theeet tler's purse, for which the following started. Mr. Yule's Billy, ridden by Captain Black wood j Mr. Smith's Jack of all work, ridden by owner; and Mr. Surges' Prince, ridden by Mr. N. Shaw. This was rather an utiiucky race : in consequence of some dispute as to weights, after the first heat, (which was won by Mr. Burges' Prince) it was adjudged to be run over again, and a general shifting ot jockieB took place,— Mr. Smith being transferred to Billy, Mr. Shaw taking Jack of all work, while Prince was jockeyed by Mr. It. Burgh. The race was ultimately won by Billy in one heat, the othe*r two being distanced ; Jack of all work turning unruly, and bolting, and Prince falling over one of the hurdles and getting away from his rider. There was also a pony race for a saddle and bridle which was won in very good style by Mr. R, Jones' Charley. This was by no means the worst race of the three, and was rendered curious from the circumstance of one of the ponies being jockied by an Aboriginal native lad in the em ploy of Mr. J. F. Smith. It is rather curious that all the York horses should have been unsucceccessful at this the first racing- meeting in the district. Napoleon is a Fremantle horse ; Billy belongs to the Swan ; while even Charley, the winning pony, is owned by a resident of Perth. Our York friends must bring out something better next year. Australian Wools. — We are happy to learn that the depression in the wool-market at home is much removed, and prices were ad vancing when the last accounts left. We have no doubt that purchasers here at Is. per lb. will make a good profit, and we would not recom mend the farmers to sell for less. Scientific Intelligence. — T\\\e]Perth Ga zette published last week the result of its obser vations upon our seasons, from which it would appear that there is no variety in the several seasons of the year at Swan River. The state ment is thus announced: — 'The seasons, it appears in the minds of many, are various j this we are not inclined to admit; careful observance, and noting the seasons, will correct the error they are disposed to fall into. Many are too precocious in their opinions, but they will learn from experience.' The Perth Gazette has the advantage of us : it is certainly not a precocious print. Interesting to Botanists. — 'The sfranger inquiring into, botanical subjects, may feast his eyes on .the most luxuriant plants, when wander ing in the bush. Many of these plants are diminutive, but splendidly formed by nature.' — Perth Gazette. 