TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. Sir-Your journal of the 80th ultimo contains a letter, signed " A Subscriber," which, announcing ing a recent publication by the Rev. Henry Fry, has the boldness to stigmatize it as " a specimen of the most mischievous parts of Popery;" and as boldly declares that in its pages are taught " the unlawfulness of the exercise of private judgment in matters of religion,—the real presence of the body and blood of Christ in the sacrament,—bap tismal justification,—positive absolution by the priest,—and the insufficiency of the scriptures without tradition." These allegations so circumstantially set forth, are of so grave a nature, as, if allowed to pass, without refutation, to be calculated seriously to affect the ministerial character of the clergyman alluded to. We therefore deem it our duty, as members of the congregation attending St. George's Church-(which congregation, were the above accusation well founded, must likewise share in the odium), to satisfy the public as to the utter groundlessness of the charges made; and which we cannot do more satisfactorily than by quotations from the work, the subject of such unwarrantable aspersions. First, then, as to the " Popish" tendency of the book, would adduce two extracts, being the notes at pages 143 and 243; the first concerning the doctrine, and the second concerning the disci- pline, of the Romish Church: The rule of faith in the Church of Rome is quite opposed to that of the Apostolic Church, which assumes no original authority to promulgate doctrines or institutions in religion, but only " hath authority in controversies of Faith, as a witness and keeper of Holy Writ ;' and "of the traditions and ceremonies which be not repugnant to the Word of God, and are not to be broken by any one through his private judgment.' (Articles 20, 34.) The authority of the Church of Rome is founded upon the supposed infallibility of the ex isting Church in the communion of the Pope as the successor of St. Peter; on which ground her decision upon all questions of faith and worship are issued as infallible, and not subject to any inquiry into their conformity with scripture or tra- dition, but demanding implicit submission as the voice of the Holy Ghost delivered by the Church. The Church of Rome assumes, therefore, the office of permanent judge of the faith and worship of Christians, on the claim of infallibility in her judgment, and asserts that her decisions con stitute the rule of Faith, to the Church. She denies the right of individuals to compare her teaching with the Holy Scripture, or with the tradition of the Apostolic Church ; and though,. she denies that her decisions are contrary to either, she yet asserts her authority to enunciate new doctrines and institutions, not contained either in Scripture or the tradition recorded by the Fathers. She speaks disrespectfully of Holy Scripture, and'is neglectful of antiquity, making no scruple of condemning the primitive writers, when their judgments are not reconcilable with her doctrines or practices., The Church of Rome has shown by her decisions and declarations, that she does not consider herself confined to the faith and, worship of the Apostolic age, or to the truths revealed or mentioned in Scripture; and has enumerated many new doctrinies and rites contrary to both, as'. well as defined many subjects of faith with a preo cision-unknown to antiquity. Among the examples of such declarations of unscriptural doctrines and practices contrary to tradition are, Adoration of the blessed Virgin Mary, and of the saints and relics, &c.;,-worship of images, purgatory, and indulgences, with minute declarations respecting the condition of departed souls, and of the pun ishment and pardon of their sins, attributing to particular forms and nets remission of their suf ferings for stated periods of time spproprinted'to each act,-transubstanthation, and the withdrawal of the wine from the Eucharist of the people, private masses, and their stlpposed effect as a sacrifice which obtains remission of the snfferings of souls in purgatoty,t-supremaey of Lite Pope, with the assumptlon of universil siiirituial power as the Vicar and Viceregent of Christ, nuthorised to deprive kings of their crowns, and to dissolve oaths of allelgance, contracts, errors, marriages, &c.;,-prohibition of general reading of the Scrip tures,-prayers anti public service in a language not understood by the people,-prohibition of mar ringe in the clergy,-the doctrine of the merit of good works, even atcove what is required for justi fication, the surplus capable of being traniserred anid imputed from those who have performsed them to others by grant of the Church,-thedoctrine of intention, &c.;, &c.; Most of these doctrines and observations have been acknowledged, by candid writers of the Church of Rome, to le additions to the faith and worship of the primitive Church. It will le seen therefore that the assumed authority of the Church of Rome, as the existing luitlilible Church, is different from, and even opposed to, the authority of Apostolic tradition. The Church of Rome claims to be the judge of faith: the Apostolic Church to be its witness and teacher.' The one demands sultmission to her judgment as infallible; the other as retaining and teaching the faith and institutions of the Apostles : the one as an oracle delivering its decrees, the other asa pillar testifying to the memorials inscribld upon it. The oneforbids examination, demands blind obedience, and prohibits its members from enquiring in Scrip. ture tihe certainty of her teaching; the other pro poses her instruction and guidance as the rule of faith and worship conformable to Scripture, which she enjoins all diligently to study. The Church of Rome is neglectful of antiquity, and of Holy Scripture, and considers the authority of the primitive writers as secondary and inferior to her own : the authority of tradition is founded upon submission to the faith and institutions of the primitive Church. The Church of Rome places her judgment co-equal with Scriptures, and asserts the sutficiency of her decrees as a rule of faith without reference to Scripture: tradition purposes but to teach the faith of the New Testament, and to guide the members of the Church in respecting it; enjoining upon them the study of Scripture to see the certainty of the faith site delivers them as the tradition of the Apostles. The Church of England at the Reformation rejected the additions made by the Church of Rome to the doctrines and institutions of Apostolic Tradition, the authority of which was constantly maintained, and opposed to the papal errors.-p.p 143-145." Then follows, front Bingham, a list of the errors of the Church of Rome, thirty-two in number, which it is unnecessary to transcribe. The other passage on the discipline of the Romish Church is as follows: "By the igodly discipline of open penance,' the Church means the discipline observed in the primitive ages of the Chnrch,-not the secret or auricular confession, the secret absolution, and, for the most part, the secret penance practised by cite Church of Rome, which are desicned more for keeping the people in subjection to the clergy than as a; restraint upon. ngodliness, and which tend to obscure spiritual religion and sanctification by the habit of enjoiniig superstitions or formial acts as penitential observances, in place of the public confession and exclusion- of offenders from participating withthe congregation in the privi leges of religion, as observed in the primitive Church. The inefficiency of popish penitential discipline for producing religious sentiments and knowledge among. tCie people is evident from the deplorable state of ignorance of the nature, prin ciples, and duties of religion,-of the character of Christian holiness, and even-of the moral laws of the Gospel, which prevails in countries excli sively popish. In such countries, where the num ter of ministers regular and secular, of the Romish Church is immense,-where they are supported by the civilpower,-where the authority of the priesthood is very great, and their office held sacred) the cffectof the Romish discipline may be ascer tained under the most favourable cirumnstances; and it must be confessed to be highly defective if it be found in such countries. Ist, That. inmo rality. and debauchery are not dissociated from religion, but that persons living in vice and de pravity are zealous participators in the rites and privileges of religion. 2nd, That ;while other na tions advance in arts, sciences, and civilisation, the people of those countries remain in their ori ginal ignorance without simplicity. and in the servile subjection of superstitions fear. 3rd, That the Word'of God is not read by the people; and that their ideas of religious unties consist of pilgrimages to shrines, of relics, holy wells, images, &c.-of; frequent repetition of prayers or creeds, and of formal acts, and payment of sums of money. And, 4th, That the rites of the Roiish Church, as extreme unction, and absolution of the dying, are looked to by the people as means of salvation more than a life of faith in Christ, and obedience to His will. If such he the condition of the Roman-territory, marked as it is by the hand of God-os the seat-ofpestilential and squalid misery, and of Italy, Spain, Ireland, and all other Romish countries in proportion to the de gree in which Popish discipline prevails and is enforced, it may be inferred as the conclusion of experience, that a system exercising the greatest power over men's consciences and lives is mnain tabted at an incalculable expense of human sub mission,.depression, and spiritual bouilige-and that, far from preserving the people in the know ledge and'practice of religion, It sinks them into the deepest degradation of moral and religious ignorance, and, by the power ofsuperstitious fear, represses their instruction, recovery, and improve ment."-(page 243;) To. the. same effect,, the folihwinggstrikingqueo tatjon,will be found its! the' note:at- page:218p in. alidslon'toP-opery;:- "* AN UNION Is iMPOISIOLE. - Their commrm nron issinfected with heterodoxy; weoare bound to flee it as aI pestilence. . They have established a lie in the place if God's truth;' and by their claim of immutahility in doctrine cannot undo the sin they have committed. They cannot repent.. Popery must he destroyed, it cannot be reformed P" Further. qiotation is surely needless to negative the alleged Popish character of Mr. Fry's book. Indeed its very title-page declares it to be the " Scriptural Evidence" of its subjeat; and on that evidence the entire argument of the Author is made to rest, elucidated and strengthened by the testimony of the Fathers of the early ages long before Popery had been Introduced, and by the opinions of the most eminent Divines of the Pro testant Reformed Church. We feel, further, bound. to state, that the Rev. Mr. Fry has taken frequent occasion in his preaching to advert fully and ear nestly to the errors and evils of Popery; and that lie has often urged from the pulpit the study of the Scriptures; declaring that while it Is the duty of Christians to " hear the Church," as being the guide in interpreting Scripture, and teaching the faith and worship of Protestants-yet that " Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salva tion; so that whatever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required ofany man that it should be believed as an article of the faith." On the latterpoint, Mr. Fry haswithin afew months preached more than one sermon strongly inculcating the importance of the duty ofstudying the Scriptures, and the rightof each individual to ascertain, "by his private judgment," the scrip tural truth of the teaching of the Church-de claring that on Scripture, the doctrines and wor ship of the Church of England are grounded, and, that by Scripture they must be tried. It would prolong our reply to an inconvenient length were we to enter into details commensurate with their importance on the other points of ob jection raised by " A Subscriber." Suffice it to observe, that the doctrine of Baptism which he impugns is actually given in extractsfrom Hooker and Bishop Mant (see pages ia and 6); as the doctrine of the Communion is supported by ex tracts from Dr. Isaac Barrow and Hooker (pages 6 and 39), and by the declarations concerning it in the Communion Service, and the Catechism (page 241). It will also be seen, by referring toy page 237, that the doctrine of She Absolution is given as in the "Forms of Absolution" contained in the services of the Church. The fallacy of " A Subscriber's" last objection, " on the insuffi ciency of the Scriptures," which completes the series of miqrepresentntions, will be fully shown by the following quotations, which are selected from many passages of a similar import: "95.-SCRIPTURE CONTAINS ALL TRUTHS NECESSARY TO SALVATION." " No inttrence can be more certain than that the Divine Wisdom has omitted from the Scrip ture no truth of the Gospel of importance to the Church ; that the complete body of God's Word is 'able to make wise unto salvation, through fSith which is in Christ Jesus,' to' impart all knowledge and wisdom to make perfect the people of Christ'; that it containeth all things necessary to salvation, and that there is no necessary truth of religion. which may not be read therein or proved thereby. (Art. 6.) There is sufficient evidence in Holy Scripture to lead the devout and docile to the knowledge of the truths believed by the writers of the Scriptures, and by the Church for which they wrote. Upon every im portant truth or institution many declarations may be found, either directly asserting them, or affording sufficient ground to infer the belief and opinion of the inspired writers." (page 118.) " o " It is also plain that there can be no necessary. or important doctrine or institution of religion received by the Church for the Apostles which is not so expressed, or referred to,, in the twenty seven books of the New Testament, as to prove that it was received by the Apostles and the Church: for it cannot te supposed that the Lord.wonid have omitted in his written revelation for the perpetual instruction of the Church, any necessary truth revealed verbally to it in its first age by the Apostles. Nor could the Holy Scrip tIres be said to lie sufficient for salvation through. faith in Christ, or capable of supplying all the in struction for faith in Christ sufficient for salvation, and for perfecting, the saints, if any necessary truth were omitted. It is therefore contrary to plain reason, to the declaration of Scripture, and to the dignity of the written revelation of the Lord, to suppose that any truth necessary to sal vation is entirely omitted' in the New Testament." (page 110.) In conclusion, we are enabled to testify that no "disgusting.mummeries-ofpopeiy" are practised, in St. George's' Church; Mr. Fry being anxious solely for conformity, on ali:points, to the' "doc trine and discipline of the Church of. England," as contained in the Rubric;, to which end there.is' Daily. Morning Service,t-the'service of the Offer tory, or weekly collection of alms for, the poor, and the notification of the festivals.and-days of fasting,-all whichv l observances', are* expressly enjoined by the'Rubric,, aswill: be seetain' the Prayers Books TWvotlaalnnsmiB PO'TRE CONOaEGATION' oHa STr.GtotToo'sn COiunoC. Hobart Town, October 6, 1843. 