WILLIAM: A TALE OF SOUTH AUSTRALIAN HISTORY.—By a Lady. Chapter II. One lovely morning in November, 1836, a ship was seen slowly entering Holdfast Bay, bringing up with her a gentle breeze from the ocean. Some half-dozen tubs were scattered on the plain and the party to whom they belonged, with one exception, were hastening to the beach. William's heart beat with emotions, which withdrew him for the time from all thoughts of home or kindred. He had risen at daylight and strolled half-a-mile from the encampment, when he suddenly stopped, as the sun rose over the mountains, and forest, and plain, upland and hollow, and which sprung into life and glory as its rays glanced on them. " Can this be South Australia," feet of he asked himself, "a place hitherto untrod save by the savages?" Was ever anything so beautiful? Nature has indeed done everything here; for ' There blow a thousand gentle airs, And each a separate perfume bears, As if the lovely plants and trees, Had vassal breezes of their own, To watch and wait on them alone, And waft no other breath than theirs'" He called to mind the parks and gardens he had left behind, where no expence had been spared, and where every art the ingenuity of man could devise had been exercised; and he thought how immeasurably short they all fell of the native beauties of the wilderness he was now treading. Looking eastward one line of mountains rose above another, each assuming a different hue as the beams of the rising sun lighted upon them. On the other side lay the sea smooth and polished as a mirror, framed in as it were by the coasts of York Peninsula and Kangaroo Island, visible although at a distance exceeding fifty miles, and reflecting from its surface the graceful hull and taper spars of the swift and weatherly sea boat, in which he had arrived. The chattering of the numerous parrots as they flitted from tree to tree, or struggled for the first sip of honey from the flower cup of the gum trees, alone disturbed the silence which reigned around, while here and there a white tent might be seen diminishing the feeling of, loneliness, which a scene so wild and unfettered by the works of civilized man must otherwise impart. There were moments when he would shake off the pensiveness which had crept over him, and his heart would bound as the thought crossed him, that upon his judgment in determining the position of the Capital would mainly depend the welfare of those of his fellow countrymen who were about to plant the arts of civilized life in this favoured land. He returned just in time to welcome the Colonial Secretary, the Emigration Agent, and their ladies with several other pioneers, to this " land of promise.'' They soon chose a pretty spot on which to pitch their tents, that their families might come on shore the next day. The duty of William and his party required them to move their tents further up the country, and three tents and a small rush hut which was being erected for the Governor whose arrival was expected daily, were all that aemained in the plain at Glenelg. Day after day the gentlemen mounted a sand bank or walked to the beach but as often returned disappointed as no ship was to be seen. They were very anxious for the arrival of the Governor, as nothing material could be done until then. In the mean time William and his party with their chief had travelled six or seven miles into the interior in quest of a proper scite for the capital of the Province. They crossed several plains, each more thickly covered with grass and flowers parted from each other by belts of magestic gum trees. At the edge of one of these they halted for the night intending to continue their route in the morning. They were soon seated round a blazing fire, while their attendants were preparing their evening meal. Cold pork, damper, and tea with- out milk, was their only fare; but it was eaten and relished; nor did they wish for anything better, although from birth they had been accustomed to every luxury and comfort and knew privation only as a name until after they left England. The sun had just set as they arose from their repast, and as most of the gentlemen were fatigued from their journey they retired to rest in their tents. William preferred the open air as the day had been rather sultry, the wind blowing from the north until sunset; but as the moon rose a cool breeze had set in from the south- ward, and he intended when tired to fold himself in his cloak and rest under a tree. Two or three times in the course of supper William thought he heard a strange noise, a sort of scream, and was just going to utter an exclamation of surprise but checked himself as he looked up and found he was the only one who had noticed it, and remembed at the same time the laugh they had all had against one of their attendants who came running one night in a great state of alarm, exclaiming that there was a ghost up in one of the trees, and upon the chief desiring him to explain himself more explicitly, the poor fellow, trembling and pale as death, declared that every word he spoke was answered with a loud laugh from some one in the tree which overhung the place where himself, and his fellow- labourers were sitting; he at first thought it was one of his companions but looking round he saw them all sitting beside him ; he did not wait another minute but ran to the tents. The chief, guessing what it was which had so tempted the man, and perceiving all around him on the titter, in- quired what made him imagine that anything so for- midable as a ghost could be in South Australia. The man replied that when in England he had kept com- pany with a young woman, and that they were going to be married, but when she heard he was going to South Australia, she declared she would not leave home, and that if he went without her, she would kill herself, and her ghost should haunt him wherever he went; and he declared he now believed she had done so, and that her apparition was in the tree. The chief took his gun desiring him to wait, and in a few minutes he returned, producing a large bird called a " Laughing jackass." The young men could stand it no longer, they burst into a loud roar of laughter, and the poor fellow slunk out of the tent and avoided them as much as possible for several days after; and from that time forth, if any of the party spoke of having heard unusual sounds— the reply was, "It must be Burnett's sweetheart's ghost;" and William above all things disliked to be laughed at. However, he felt certain in his own mind that his ear had not deceived him, and moreover that the noise pro- ceeded from no great distance. It was not produced by wild dogs as scarcely a night had passed since their arrival without several of them having been detected prowling round their encampment, and William had become so familiar with their peculiar howl as to be enabled at once to detect it. He felt uneasy, he could not tell why; at last, weary with the exertions of the day, he threw himself on the ground and was soon fast asleep. Scarcely had he rested an hour, when he was awoke by a loud and frighful yell. He sprung on his feet and his hand was on the lock of his pistol, but he stood rooted to the spot in amazement at the sight which now burst upon his view. About twenty or thirty naked savages, streaked with chalk so as to represent skeletons, were dancing, hollaing, and throw- ing themselves into all sorts of wild and frightful atti- tudes around a large fire, appearing to his bewildered fancy as if Pandemonium had yielded back its inhabi- tants who had selected this as the spot most remote from the dwellings of civilized man for the celebration of their orgies. The first surprise being over, he stole quietly to the tents intending to awake his comrades, but they were already up, having been aroused by the same sounds which had disturbed himself. The young men held communion together as to what had best be done, and they were inclined to agree with one of them who said " Had we not better flee to some other spot, and there wait until daylight, and then join the emigrants at Holdfast Day, as, should they not be friendly, there are too many for us to encounter ?" But to their great surprise their chief, who now joined the group, declared it was his intention to go and converse with them, and immediately left the tent. One and all were at his side in a moment declaring that he should not go alone, let the consequence be what it would, and if there was danger they would share it with him. They approached with caution, William and his chief in advance of the rest, fearing that the sight of too many might alarm them. As it was, the instant the natives became aware of the approach of strangers, they gave a cry of alarm, and would have fled, had it not been for their women and children who were seated in a group on one side of the fire. The chief seeing this, threw the women some biscuits, and held up a bright chain, which he presented to one of the men, who gradually approached until he touched it, and then burst into a wild laugh, in which the others joined. The women ate the biscuit greedily, and wanted more. William pointed in the direction of the tents, and made signs to them to accompany him and fetch some. He could not however induce them to leave the fire. They made motions towards the sky, and chattered a great deal in their own language, which, of course, William's party could not understand, but fancied they meant something about daylight. Therefore, shaking hands with all, (for what one did, all would do), and bidding them good night, which they an- swered with another of their wild laughs, the gen- tlemen returned to their tents highly amused with their night's adventure. Next morning, at daylight, the natives were all around their tents, laughing at and touching everything they saw. They remained the whole day fetching wood and water, in return for a little sugar or biscuit, and left a little before sunset to go to their whurlies. In the course of the evening William and his com- panions walked over to witness their corroberie, being the native dance by which he had been so startled the previous night. Being now free from alarm he was enabled to perceive that their attitudes were graceful, and their movements light and spirited. The women accompanied the dance with a peculiar song, regulating the time by beating upon skins which they held in their laps. The dance being apparently a mock combat in which the dancers alternately attacked and defended their women. The celebrated Dr Radcliffe attending one of his most intimate friends in a dangerous illness, with an unusual strain of generosity, declared he would not touch a fee. One insisted : and the other was positive. At last, when the cure was performed, and the physician taking his leave, "Sir," said the patient, "in this purse I have put every day's fee ; nor must your goodness get the better of my gratitude." The doctor eyes the purse, counts the days in a moment, and then, holding out his hand, replies, "Well, I can hold out no longer. Single I could have refused them for a twelve-month ; but, all together, they are irresistible." 