TILE BIIlTISH CRITIC AND QUAILtTERLY THEOLOGICAL REVIEW. No.LXIV. October, 1842' -o [SECOND NOTICZ.] (Fronm tIe Caltholia.) ,it is not so easy to explain away the fact that the Anglican divines, even of the Laudian epoch, recognized the foreign Protestant communions as true Christian churches. The writer, however, en deavours to make it appear that this was admitted by them only in a very modified sense. Bishop Andrpws" means something considerably lower than the idea of a church ;" and Bramhall, "in allowing them to be churches (though Incomplete) without bishops, does so expressly on the understanding of their strong desire to have them, and the acknow ledgment of their deficiency without them, and on that understanding alone." This view, le contends, makes it quite clear that at the present day, and in the present constitution of those bodies, the old divines would never have dreamed of admitting their claim to the character. He even endeavotrs to make it appear, by a passage from Heylio, that "the church, under Laud, had gone some way in shaking off the connection." "The king's letters patent," writes Heylin,' for. raisilng subsetiptions for the Palatinate, contained a passage which gave him (Laud) no small cause of offence: first, because itdeclared the religion of the Palatine churches to be the same as ours; and, secondly, because it called the doctrine and the government of the-Church of Rome an anti-Christian yoke. . With these objections lie acquainted his Majesty, who, therefore, gave orders that the said letters patent should be cancelled."-Heylin's Life, p. 306. The evidence produced to shew the strong opinions Of the Anglicans of this epoch upon the necessity of forms and - ceremonies in the externals of religion, is abundant and satisfactory. We cannot refrain from -subjoining, before we pass on to the 'third article,, the following passage from Bishop Montague, upon the use of the sign of the cross. Well ,may the writer of the article ask, "how a -philosophical contempt for 'bowing and crossing' 'will harmonize" with such language as the following. "Bishop Montague was charged with using the sign, not only it baptism, but elsewhere: "Not only in baptism," he replies: "tell me then, are ye come so far into the Church of Eng land, as to allow signing with the cross in baptism ? That popish' ceremony, as your forefathers and patriarchs of the schism were wont to exclaim against it? There is hope you may grow in time, -with letter advice, in love and practice with some of M. Montagaue's popery, with the sign of the cross on the forehead and elsewhere. If it be not superstitious to 'sign on the forehead, why is it to sign any other part of the body I Why more out -of baptism than in baptism ?, Is one part of the body more subject and liable to superstition than another? The breast, or belly, or arms, than is the forehead? What slindereths but that .1 may signi myself with-the sign of the cross on any part of the body at any time.; at night, when I go to bed ; in the morning, when I rise; at my going out, or at -my returning home.? The ancient church so used it out of baptism ordinarily ; and so may we." As it was upheld that the early Christians used it to shew their ddierence from the Pagans among whom they lived, -lie continues: " The same reason that isoved'them may move -se to use it nmore frequently than we are enjoined, more ordinarily than we do. For we live with puritans and opposite factionists, that have the cross of Christ in as great contempt and despite as ever had Julian or any Pagan." .But interesting as is the article from which we 'have selected these remarkable testimonies of the olden Anglicans, we regard the third article," St. Athanasius against the Arians," as far more impor. -tant, because it developes more clearly the views en tertained by the writers themselves. Wedo not mean to enter into the preliminary review of the unhappy state of religious feeling in England,-with regard to the great fundamental doctrine of the divinity of the Word. We believe all that the writer has said, and much more; and we are satisfied that no publication could be better timed than the translation of St. Athanaslus.- But we are more interested in those -opinions incidentally expressed by the writer, upon points disputed between Anglicans (as they.used to be) and ourselves, and especially upon the doctrine -of the intercession of saints,-considered in reference to our Lord's mediation. Ve cannot do better- than -transcribe the. whole passage in .which this is dit. -cussed. After citing a number of passages .from :St. Athanasius, the writer proceeds: ' In these beautiful passages St. Athanasius ex. presses the doctrine held by the Church from the -first, on the nature of our Lord's mediation ; a doc trine which it is amazing that Protestants should so -wholly overlook in the New Testament. -To attempt -it brief and most imperfect account of it, it was ever held that our Lord was 'mediator between God and man,".because by Ilis incarnation lie extended, as it were, a bridge over the wide gulf which divided God and fallen.human nature; and as, on his ascension, he carried- human nature in his person into the very lteart.(if we-may so speak) of the blessed Trinity, so he has placed us, the rest, except so far as our own sins have interposed a barrier, in so close and un speakable a relation with himself, that, as the fathers were in the habit of saying, 'he has delfied us; he hhs raised us above angels and archangels and the heavenly host.(to look only at his gifts, not our most deplorable and miserable backslidings and short. comings); hlie has bestowed upon us the very highest exaltation, short- of absolute divinity. ' Partakers of the divine nature,' St. Peter tells us that we are; and St. Paul, that ",Cod hath quickened us togethler with Christ, and hathraised us up together, and has made us sit together in heavenly places with Christ Jesus.'-.-. - w The thoughtof his merits where present with the Christian, enables him, in spite of his sins, to lift up his heart to'God, and believing, as he does, that he is in Christ, or, in 'other words, that he addresses Almighty God, not face to face, but in and through Christ, lie can bear to submit, and open his heart to God and wish it open,. " Such is part of the' doctrine included in thlose few words which close our addresses to Almighty God, and which so many of us, it is to be feared, -use with but slight perception of their real depth through Jesus Christ our Lord.'- And if men would-embrace and realize this simple and scriptural view of our Lord's mediation (a truth which never could have been so neglected as it has beenuof late among us, had we not neglected also the doctrine of his real presence in holy communson), they would at once perceive it to be, from its very nature, wholly pecullar and dissimilar in kind to the mere mediation of intercessory prayer; they would perceive that the very thought of the saints in such-a connection is, in the mind of the well instructed Catholic, neces., sarily bound up witlh the thought of him who has united them and us together in-so intimate a fellow. ship,- by knitting us unto his own body ; and that the fear is as wholly chimerical and visionary of trust in the inlercession of shints lessening the in. tensity of our trust in the mediation of God La. carnate, as the fear would be of a similar effect resulting from trust in the inspiration of the Holy Ghost or in the providence of God the Father. But unthinking men will not bear in mind that the ancient Catholic system is not a. congeries of detached parts, but one consistent and majestic whole ; they join together their own doctrine of the intercession of Christ with the Catholic doctrine of the intercession of the saints, and then complain that the two do not happily consort together. The real wonder would, of course, be if they did.", We cannot but augur infinite good from exhorta tions such as the following s "Let us aim then at setting ourselves free from unworthy prejudices; on the one aide national pride, or pride of consistency, or the mere feelings of undefined and traditional aversion; on the other side, from youthful and intemperate imps. tience; from laying undue and- unhealthy stress on our present evils; from inadequate apprecia tion of our present goods ; above all, from the indulgence of mere taste and imagination;, let each party (if party it can be called, when rather all shades and varieties of opinion are indefi nitely intermingled) endeavour cautiously to guard against its besetting sins,and,as far as may be, with no other affection than love of holiness, and no other intention than desire of truth, throw their minds, in proportion to their opportunity, heartily and anxiously on the history of the earlier ages of the Church. It may be, that, while our mind is fixed on high doc trines and primitive faith, and occupied with nothing less than our,present divisions ; it may be, that, SGod will reveal even this unto us;' that many questions connected with later ages may present themselves in now (and as we shall then understand) far clearer colours. How far the special prerogatives attached from the.very- first to the Roman See would prepare us for the circumstance, as healthy and natural, and designed by God's Providence, that, when the Church's dependence on the civil power, which succeeded to its state of depression and mutual isolation, should in its turn give way to the period of its independent action, thatat such time St. Peter's chair should obtain an unprecedented and peculiar authority.; or how far the honour (to modern notions most surerstitiods and extravagant) paid in early times to martyrs, marks the existence of a principle, which, when the special ages of martyrdom have passed, would display itself in honours of a different kind, but to modern notions no whit more supersti. tious and extravagant, tosaints generally, and to the mother of God; or how far the idea universally pre valent in the early church, on some unknown suffer ing to be undergone between death and final bliss, would have its' legitimate issue in the doctrine, so far as it was common to east and west, at the time : of the Council of Florence, as to the intermediate state; or what light the primitive view of celihacy would throw on later periods; or what light is thrown on the general question of doctrinal development by the whole "history of the very doctrine discusseci in this volume; these are questions which, on their very statement, are seen to depend for their solution on an intimate, impartial, and clear-sighted view of early church history. " Nor is it surely too much to ask, that those wiho profess * high church' principles, and who have not tihe opportunity or inclination for, such deep study of doctrine, shall abstain from severe condemnation of the medieval system. That many doctrines. and practices were then sanctioned, very alien to the system in which he was trained, and far from conge. nial to his own mind; of this such a person may be fully aware.....But what more can he possibly know about the matter 1 they are over.and above his own experience, not contrary to it. He may'know, indeed, that the outward form of the church was in very many particulars changed; but then this is not' so much acknowledged as maintained by those with whom he is at issue; for they would say that, consi. dering the radical change of the world's circum. stances, it would tend to make us doubt the continued existence within the church of her old spirit of wisdom and sagacity, had she not changed her outward form. And whereas the real question is, whether identity of doctrine and of ethical character were preserved, he, by hypothesis, has no deep acquaintance with these as they were at first. Bishop Bull, e.g., has fully earned his right to his very unfavourable judg mont of the views and habits tlhen prevalent; and Ihis censure must ever carry with it great weight. tlWhat we have to balance in the opposite scale being, that others of no less religious attainments, no less capa-. cious minds, and- no less intimate acquaintance with the early church thanrhimself, have come to a very different conclusion ;. and,these persons, who, being within a very similar system, were a good deal more likely to view it in its true practical colouring and proportion, than we who are external to.it." We cannot sufficiently express our delight at the recognition of the principle contained in the closing sentence. It is to the.dogged obstinacy with which our thousand protests for its admission have been' rejected, that we owe the bitter prejudice through which all our doctrines are viewed. Moen will never consent to place themselves for a moment in our circumstances, to imagine themselves holding our principles, and educated in our ideas, and to con sider dispassionately, in that hypothesis, the prac tices which, regarded with their eyes, and compared with their standards of thlrinking, are, and must be, objectionable in the extreme. They would find, not only that all that seemed offensivewouald cease to be such, but also that the parts of our creed which appeared, when viewed separately, discordant and revolting, arise naturally, if not necessarily, one from the other, and form, as a whole, a most per fect, beautiful, and harmrnions system. A practical application of this just and.charitrable principle is made in a note appended to thre same page. It is one of those acts of justice to the holy servants of God, 85. Bernard 'and Bonaventtre,' which the latter writingsof the Oxford school will be found to supply. , He (the enquirer alluded to in the foregoing extract) is justified, e.g., in saying that any such honour to saints as enroaclres on the supreme and undivided-allegiance due to God is anti-Chrilstian; but then he would have St. Bernard or 8t. Bona. venture as zealous as himself in asserting this great essential truth. The question at issue is, of course, was the medieval honour to saints such ? And this, as we say in the text, is a matter altogether foreign to his experience. Again, he may beleive that in him such language as they are known to have used would encroach upon God's hIonour. Well, no one wishes him to use it; but how does itr therefore follow that it did so in them 1 What inconceivable boldness to decide peremptorily on such a question when the objects of criticism are God's aailnts.l Is It not quite a eonceivable hypothesis (to say the very least) that holy and mortified men, whose con versation was In heaven, may have entertained feelings of devotion and love, e.g. towards the Blessed Virgln, whlrh no human language can at 'all adequately express; and yet, that these feelings: to our Lord should be altogether:different in kind: and indefinitely stronger in degree? Yet whlrat: wordscould theylfnd stronger than those already applied to the Blessed Virgin 1 What words can be stronger than the strongest ? " We cannot better conclude than with one other extract in a similar spirit. a' It is sometimes urged, and in quarters justly claiming our deep honour and respect, that those who feel the real unity in essentials existing among * High Churchmen' in England, do ill in troubling that unity by makling various statements about other churches, which cannot but give offence. But we answer, that it is not only among English' High Churchmen,' but foreign Catholics also, that'we recognize such essential unity. And on what single principle of Scripture or tradition can the position be maintained, to meet the objectors on their own ground, that unity of a national church is a legiti mate object ol ultimate endeavour? Both Scripture and antiquity are clamorous and earnest indeed in favour of unity of the Church ; but is the English establishment the Church? and of all points of agreement for men to fix upon this as desirable, that no expression shall even be used by members of the English church towards the decided majority of Catholic Christendom (for such no English ' High Churchman' can deny the Roman .Church to be), except expressions of enmity and alienation 1 Hero is, indeed, a principle of ' churchl nion i What would St. Augustine havethought of it 1 If there is to be armistice, let it be on.botlh sides; if various highly respected persons will agree never to censure Rome, it is plain they will at least be doing their part in removing one reason which exists for pointed and prominent descants in lher.praise. And now to take the question on another grosiad ; if our present low state of morals aniirelfgioni e closely connected with the state's tyranny over the church, and if that tyranny (not to mention our doctrinal corruptions) is mainly encouraged by our isolation from the rest of Christendom, it is not a small responsibility which any one incurs who uses harsh language at all to wards foreign churches. If he is sure of his ground, it may, of course, be his duty to do so; but lihe must not forgef that, if it be not a plain duty, it is a very plain and very grievous sin." Though we cannot, of course, fully subscribe to the grounds upon which this charitable protest in our favour is supported, yet we are not the less grateful for the kindly feeling in which it originates. We do not think it necessary, however, to enter into any discussion of these grounds, and leave it silently, but, we trust, securely, to produce its own results with the clergy to whom it is addressed. NONCON FORMlIST.-IGNORANCE .AND SSTATrs Cuuncn.-Were it possible to trace, in detail, the history of voluntary churches in this empire, we have no manner of doubt that the original nonconforming societies would be found to have produced offsets, more or less numerous, precisely in tire proportion of the density of the ecclesiastical atmosphere with which they had to contend. It is notorious that the most spiritually destitute, morally brutalised, and intellectually stolid districts of the k!ingdom are those in which the establishment is all but omnipotent. These are now the quarters to which we are directed for proof that, where religion is most wanted, the voluntary principle is least effective, Granted that it is so, in the special in stances here alluded to, it then remains to inquire, what are the circumstances to which the anomaly is to be referred1 .Let the.cases be fairly examined, and it will be found, almost without exception, that the soil is so trodden down by state ecclesiasticism, as to prevent the fair development of the principle we advocate. Where the seats of our squirearchy most thickly stud the land, where.village spires are most numerous, and clerical magistrates most abound, there, usually, ignorance and demoralization will be most marked, and there voluntary zeal finds it most difficult to get a footing. The same influence which produces the evil, prevents the good; and the con sequences of aristocratic vices and state church intolerance are unblushingly cited as proving the impotence of Christian .wllinghood.- Nottirgham review. TH ETOILSOF A NIEWSPAPER.--NOWs paper literature is a link in the great chain of miracles which proves the greatness of England, and every support should be given to newspapers. The editors of these papers must have a most onerous task. It is not the writing of the leading article itself, but the obligation to write that article every week, whether inclined or not, in sickness or in health, in affliction, distress of mind, winter and summer, year after year, tied down to one task, remaining in one spot. It is something like the walking a thousand miles in a thousand hours. I have a fellow feeling for them, for I know how a periodical will wear down one's existence. In itself, it appears nothing-thelabour is not manifest; nor is it the labour-it is the continual attention which it requires. Your life becomes, as it were, the pub licatton. One week is no sooner corrected and printed, than on comes the.other. It is the stone of Sysiphus-an endless repetition of toil, a constant weight upon the mind--a continued wearing upon the intellect and spirits demanding all the exertion of your faculties, at the same time that you are compelled to do the severest drudgery. To write for a paper is very well, but to edit one is to condemn yourself to alavery. Thanks be to heaven, I have passed my own emancipation bill.-Captain Marryat. RESTITUTION OF MONEY STOLEN TrImTtr Ysans Aoo.-About thirty years ago a gentleman named Broder farmed a considerable por tion of land in the King's County in Ireland. He had several workmen engaged, and it appears that three of them agreed to embezzle the sum of £20, which they effected without the knowledge of Bir. Broder, or at least without his being able to discover the persons who deprived hIim of it. Soon after this occurrence he came to London, and carried on -successfully the trade of builder, anid died about twelve years ago. His son, now engaged in the same business, and residiog in Granville-place, Granville-square, received a letter from the Roman Catholic curate of Clara, iu the King's County, a few days ago, stating a poor man who, togetlher with two others, had robbed MIr. Broder, sen., about tIhirty years ago, was anxious to restore his share. To this letter Mr. Broder replied, that he had never heard his father mention such a loss. On the 22nd instant, he received another letter from the priest, enclosing the half a £5 note, saying that that amount was all which the man, who was poor, and struggling with a grown family, could pay towards the restoration even of his share of the money ori ginally taken. 'The man begged the forgiveneass of the son for the inojustice done to the father.-Times. -.mm I I' a l. .a m '? m . - - 