TAHITI. IT is satisfactory to learn from the Herald, that Captain Nicholas, of the Vindictive, has taken a prudent step in sending home his first lieutenant to receive ordrsafrom her Majesty's government how to act wicl the "French" at Tahiti, instead of taking warlike measures, as he appeared intent on when he lately left Sydney. On the Temporal Power of the Popes, considered as the ancient Political Arbitrators of Europe, and as the Heads-of the Church, being part of a ?eply to Dr. Southey. BY THE RIGHT REV. DR. ENGLAND. From these general charges, Dr. Southey proceeds to a more partial imputation. " Surely," says he, "the Popes were at one time as much the enemies of learning, as they were the patrons at another; and when we call to mind, what works of the ancients have been obliterated by the monkish tran scribers, and what the writings are which were transferred to the vellum in their stead, something must be set off againost the debt which literature owes to the monkish institutions." That in ages of comparative ignorance, before taste was yet cultivated, or a love for art and litera ture had revived, men should not have felt as keenly as ourselves the beauties of classic lore—that they should sometimes have preferred to the writings of pagan antiquity, works, if not always of higher im. portance in themselves, at least better adapted to their wants, their habits and inclinations, is not a reproach which wisdom should urge against those who preserved the inestimable treasures of ancient knowledge. The cause of profane literature was no doubt important—but that of sacred was still more so, if we are not mistaken ; and rather than censure "the monkish transcribers,' who were .sometimes compelled to sacrifice the work of a poet or orator of Rome to the preservation of the treatise of a Christian father, we should lament and deplore the distress and hardships of those times, when from the scarcity of paper men were reduced to the painful alternative.' What Popes were the enemies of learning we are at a lose to discover. St. Gregory the Great, is the only one to our knowledge, upon whom the Protes tants have personally fxed that imputation. The motives for that charge are extremely frivilous; and because that pontiff enjoined Didier, Archbishop of Vienna, to discontinue the functions of a preceptor of grammar, alleging that such an olffice was not very compatible with the episcopal duties, that great man has been denounced as an enemy to learning. But to repel this silly accusation, it would be suffi cdent to refer to his epistles, where he expressly asserts thata knowledge of profane literature is extremely serviceable to the cause of religion. Ep. L. 6, in 1I Reg. c. Iii. The story of Galileo, which once made so much noise in Europe, has been now so often and so fully explained, that ignorance or bad faith alone will condescend to cite it,* *"After the Saracens conquered Egypt in the seventh century,' says Dr. Robertson."the communication between that country end lse peoplt settled in Italy, or In other parts or Europe, was almost entirely broken on, ad the papyrus rloo no logeriln use among ctcem. Thry were oblige on that account, to write all their books upon parchment, and so the price of that was high, books became extremely rare, and or great value. We may judge or the scarcity of the ma tertals for writing them from one circumstance. There still remaIn several omonuseript of the eighth, ninth, nod following centuries, wnitet.. on parehikeenat, tb-sm whibch some Aormer writing tad been enrased, Ian order to substitute a new eompaasi. tlondn its p1ace. lilatary of tbarles V. vol.L note, p.237, These are the absurd anecdotes which our adver saries are not ashamed to oppose to the general voice of history, which proclaims the Popes the enlighten- ers of nations, the founders of European civilization ! These are the pretended, and even were we to admit theoir truth, the meagre, the isolated facts which they oppose to the constant, the unremitted exertions of the sovereign pontiffs to diffuse along with Chris- tianity, the blessings of liberty and civilization—to dispel the clouds of ignorance and barbarism-to emancipate- nations from the servitude of error and superstition; and by extending the sphere of intelli- gence, to fit them by degrees for that high knowledge which they were one day to attain under their auspices ! " Let the light burst too strongly on the unprepared mind ! " At what time were the Popes the enemies of learning? Was it when they passed those decrees, as benevolent as they were wise, which enjoined every bishop to maintain a school in his diocese for the education of "the clerks and other poor gratis;" or was it when they planted in Europe those uni versities, which have so much contributed to the diffusion of knowledge ; or when they took so active a part in the memorable restoration of letters, when they rewarded so liberally the discovery of manu scripts, and the labours of the infant press, or when again, in more recent times, they patronised intellec tual merit of every kind with so much munificence I 2\. The Popes considered as Heads of the Church. It is remarkable that Dr. Southey, in the course of this chapter, has never opee attempted to im puga the dogma of the ecclesiastical supremacy of the Pope, by arguments drawn front scripture anod tradition. All his reasoning turns on the personal vices of some Popes. He first draws a hideous ca ricature of the sovereign pontiffs; and he then aske triumphantly if that portrait be compatible with their sacred functions, with their accredited Charac ter? The passage which we shall now transcribe at some length, contains the whole sum of hits reason ing on this subject; and after perusing it, we think our readers will agree, that a bad argument was sel dom put with more astonishing point, energy, and effect. " The learned Jews,"' says Doctor Southey, "still made this one of the ingredients that went to constitute a prophet, that he should be perfertus its morolibus, a person of exact morals, and unblameable in his life ; the gift of prophecy being a ray of such a light, as never darts itself upon a dunghill." I think, sir, you would not dispute the reasonableness of this opinion, if you were not apprehensive how it might be applied. For can we suppose, if the Roman pontiff were what his advocates represent him, that less would be required for a Pope then for a prophet? Might it not be expected that Heaven would so far interfere in the choice of its own accre. dited representative and plenipotentiary on earth,as always to provide that the election should fall upon one, whose'fermer life had been at least blameless; or by an unequivocal manifestation of its consent, that it should have made regeneration a necessary consequence of the appointment, so that the newly. created Pope, with the title of holiness, should re. ceive hoe grace, and put on sinless perfection, as well as infallibility with his potificals ?-Would the of fence have been less for Cossa or Borgia to take upon themselves such an office, then for Uzzah to ap. proach the ark? "1 The Holy Ghost," says Bishop Taylor, " never dwells in the house of passion. Will it dwell with ambition, with avarice, with impiety, with all the cardinal sins 3 For in their company, the Holy Spirit must have dwelt; with all thase sins in monstrous hypostasis, it must have been united, if the pretensions of the papal church were true." P. 395.6. How many errors are accumulated in this elaborate passage. What is its evident tendency, but to prove the doctrine of the ancient Vaudois, that grace is necessary to dominion; that vice des. troys the legitimacy of power I If even the Popes were guilty of the vices which Dr. Southey attri butes to them, how could those vices destroy their sacred character, their mission, their divine authori- ty ? The comparison between the Popes, and the prophets of the old law, is perfectly illusive. Di. vine Providence, is raising up those extraordinary men to excite his chosen people to the observance of his lasw, to announce to them the chastisement which Ite reserved for their offences, or the rewards which awaited their fidelity, or to unveil to their view the great mysteries, of which thley were one day to be the instrument, Divine Providence, we say, was no doubt pleased that the men thus selected shou!d be worthy of their special calling, that they should command by their virtues the esteem and reverence of the people, and that their sanctity shlould at once prove and justify their mission. But is it so with the Popes? Do we pretend that they receive an imme. diate or extraordinary mission from Heaven? Do we not assert, on the contrary, that they derive their character, their mission, their jurisdiction, by tilhe channel of ordinary succession ? Was a blameless life an essential condition in the old law to the legi. timacy of the high priests, who discharged ordinary functions by an ordinary right ? Were they always men of immaculate morals? No; the Roman pon. tiff then stands in the same condition. Thse political world furnishes us with a simple, but strikiog analogy. All the great conquerors, the great law-givers, the autlhors of the great institutions, were men of extraordinary talent, or extraordinary viitue, or both, But if their worts could only have been perpetuated by a perpetuation of the samequali. ties, if the art of preservation required the same ex. traordinary powers; as the art of coaquest, what would have become of the world, or what stability could there have been in human affairs ! But why should not the Pope have impeccability as well as infalllbility t Why should hie not put on sinless perfection with his pontificals? Such is the reasoning of Dr. Southey. That the decisions of the Pope in matters of faith, when addressed ex-cathedra to the Universal Church, are infallible, though not an article of faith, is the better, the more ancient, and the more generally received opinion in the church : that such decisions i when they have received the open consent, or the' tacit assent of the church assembled, or dispersed, are infallible, is an article of fuits to which every Catholic must subscribe. This eminent prerogative belongs to the sovereign pontiff in virtue of the promises of Christ; because he Is the supreme authority in the Catholio Church, and because the general council itself cannot be assembled but with his consent, and its decisions cannot be binding, till they receive his approbation andeconirmation. Now, if because the Pupo hias received tice pleni tude of ecclesiastical auttorlty, (to use the words of the general council of Florence,t) he should be exempt from sin, there Is no reason why they, who * See hterdr's Dict Ticeol. Art. salilmo, ani FPller's Did. I1i. Art. 0 ern , where It lsa rown thIat the Rlomalnt ripust n aonth m ~lnlikou~ not for ma Onlnlg the system of ic ~esrIti's1 rettlno,~ but for fotcdn~lgthsnI systdon on the diulne auttoritp qfacritustre. +Detlnlmus Sanetam Apostottaun sedem et Itomanum Pontlleera In usiversumn orbem ternro primatum at ipsum 'ontlttoem Itomanum successorem asse Beati I'etzi srinspls spsstolorum, et verum Chriisti vioarium, totusque Eoteatte esput st omnfum ctristiauarum patrsum so toctorem eats. ities at Ipsi Itesto 1'ero pes~on i, rrgnndt et eubemascdl usl~snsalucu ensirslem a Domino sastr Jeso Chslato plea~m protestotat truditam ese,' quemadmodumn ellam in gestls .cumcnlee'5m eencl iorum ct in secris eaonqibus aenlios tur. CoIL tooccuLabbCh, I tl exercise a subordinate degree of ecclesidrtical jurtis. diction, should not enjoy, in a proportionate degree, the prerogative of impcccability. Tihus bishops "whom the Holy Ghost hath appointed to govern the church," thus curates who under them are charged with the care of souls, must all put in their respective claims to the gift of Impeccability. For the power which the curate exercises, is as sacred as that of the Pope; although the degree is different. Now the gift of impeccability could not be ex tended in a greater or less degree to tihe members of the Christian Hierarchy, without destroying more or less the free will of man; but the destruction of free will cannot redound to the glory of God, or tihe merit of man s nay, the destruction of free will involves the destruction of Christianity,' which is only the development of primitive religion, or the supreme law of intelligences, is founded on the moral nature of man. So pregnant with absurdity is the system of Dr. Southey ! Why are not the Popes impeccable ! " Why hath no man a microscopio eye? For this plain reason; man is not a fly," Why are not the Popes impeccable Because Christ has not so willed it; because he has said, that the scribes and the pharisees have sitten on the chair of Moses (and their authority was not less sacred, less legitimate than that of the ministers of the new law). "All therefore," continues our Lord, "all therefore whatsoever they shall say to iou, observe and do, hut according to their works do te not; for they say and do not." !Matt. c. xxii., v. 2, 3. Why are not the Popes impeccable I Because our Lord, while he promised his apostles and their successors, that he would remain with them "all days, even to the end of the world," while he pro. mised that the Holy Ghost should abide with them for ever; "ithat he should teach them all things whatsoever he should have said to them ;" while he promised again to Peter and his successors, specially and exclusively, that he should build Ihis church upon them, that the gates of hell should never prevail against that chlurch; while he gave to them the keys of the kingdom of heaven, the power of binding and of loosing; wlhile he prayed that there faith should never fail;--our Lord, we say, while by these magnificent promises to the church in general, and to its head in particular, he established the infallibility of Ihis church, and the consequent perpetuity of sound doctrine ; he did not say to his ppostles, that they should have no unworthy suc. cessors, that the lives of their successors should never dishonour the sanctity of their functions, or that vice should never stain the purity of the sacer dotal robe. No, he says to them in a voice of thun der, " Woe to that man by whom the scandal cometh; it were better for him, had he never been born." Christ undoubtedly might have established his church differently ; he might have given angels to govern It- he might have committed it to the care of superior intelligences; but the moral prodigy would have been less ;-the work of divine love, and divine wisdom, and divine power, would have been less amazing in that supernatural agency, that in the unerring guidance of a Church by a ministry subject to all the errors and frailties of humanity. " Would the offence have been less," exclaims Dr. Southey, " for Cossa or Borgia to take upon themselves such an office, than for Uzzah to ap- proach the ark ?" What a monstrous confusion of ideas I 1\. Uzzah was no priest; he was an arrogant king, whom the Almighty struck with leprosy for usurping the priestly functions. 2\. Was the same punishment to be inflicted upon Coosa and Borgia, as upon Uzzah? Do we live under the regime of temporal reward and punish. ments ? Will Dr. Southey presume to dictate to the Almighty when and what species of punishment he should inflict upon those who violate his law ? " Will the Holy Ghost dwell in the house of pas- sion ? " Who ever pretended it could ? What divine, in maintaining the infallibility of the dog matical decisions of the Pope ex cathedra, or what Catholic in holding the infallibility of the dogmatical decisions of a Pope and general council, ever sup posed that that infallibility was personal or indivi dual, so as to influence their ordinary discourse and actions ? Have they not asserted on the contrary, that that infallibility was purely official, if we may use the expression; that it belonged to them solely in the quality of judges of religious docrine ? If Dr. Southey answers that the Holy Ghost will never control the exercise of an sutlhority which is vested in the hands of wicked men, he merely repeats the old objection that grace is necessary to dominion; an objection which we think we have already satis factorily disposed of. 