AUSTRALIA FELIX. Our Melbourne Journals received on Saturday last, extend to the 4th instant inclusive. The Elections had created a brief excitement, but all had once more settled down to business. We give the following extracts : Wednesday last, the 1st instant, ushered in the annual election of mem- bers for the Town Council, vice those parties retiring by rotation. A pre- vious bye-law had been framed, ap- pointing the Alderman of each ward to sit at eight o'clock for the reception of votes. Dr. Greeves was returned for Latrobe Ward in lieu of the retiring member, Mr. George James. Mr. Murphy met with no opposition for Lonsdale Ward. In Gipps Ward the candidates were Mr. Edmund Westby and Mr. R. Robinson, the show of hands being in favour of the former. A poll was demandtd; twenty-nine votes came in during the first hour in favour of Mr. Westby, while not half that number was registered for his op- ponent. At four o'clock the election of Mr. Westby was declared by a ma- jority of thirty-nine votes. The nomi- nation for Bourke Ward commenced with much spirit, the friends of both parties hastening to the poll with a determination to "go in and win." At an early hour in the day, it became apparent that Mr. Moor was the win- ning candidate, the majority keeping in his favour from the opening of the ward. Four o'clock, the hour under the act for closing tbe poll, arrived, and Alderman Kerr was reluctantly compelled to announce Mr. Moor as the newly elected Councillor for Bourke Ward. On the state of the poll being declared, the successful candidate, in a speech replete with gentlemanly feeling and good sense, expressed his acknowledgments of the honor the burgesses had conferred upon him, and his determination to prove himself worthy of the trust reposed in him, a pledge which there is little doubt that gentleman's conduct in the Council will most amply redeem. At the close of the proceedings Mr. Moor moved that the vote of thanks usual on such occasions, should be awarded to Mr. Kerr for his conduct in the chair on that day. The meeting misunder- stood tbe motion, and imagined the mover referred to the Alderman's con- duct since his first election to the Town Council, upon which cries of ' no, no,' and other marks of disapproval followed. Mr. Cavenagh, with the assistance of a burgess named McCulla, was loud in his opposition to the vote of thanks which in this case ahould have been awarded to the chairman, if not from regard to himself, at least from respect to this office. The crowd seemed in- clined to be in a hissing humour, and selected Mr. Cavenagh as a legitimate object for attack. This gentleman's retreat from the Crown Inn was ac- companied by sounds the reverse of complimentary. — Port Phillip Gazette. Nov. 4. The Mayoralty. — The position and respectability held by Mr. Moor have induced many to predict, that which they wish to be the fact, namely, that this gentleman will supersede Mr. Condell in the office of Mayor. Should he accept the honor, he would be inca- pacitated by the act from practising in his profession as an attorney, and we think it extremely improbable that he would surrender the profits of his very lucrative profession and practice, for a seat on the bench, and £350 per annum. — Ibid. THEATRE.— It is rumoured that one of the reasons which induced the au- thorities to refuse the additional exten- sion of the license to the applicant Mr. Knowles, was that when on the last occasion he received this indulgence for the three nights requested, he had promised that the receipts of one of them should be devoted to the hospital fund ; the houses were successively poor ones, but this fact could form no apology for the "breach of promise." — Ibid. Valparaiso— The first ardour with which the speculation of emigrating to this settlement was entered into has subsided, andl left our fellow townsmen time to reflect on the consequence of so unsatisfactory and undefined a pro- ject. Some few parties propose taaking their passage by the Margaret Connell, and amongst others, a late druggist in Elizabeth-street. Tho original mode by which it was proposed for the poorer emigrant to pay the price of his passage was by lottery ; eight parlies subscribed one pound each, and the fortunate, or rather unfortunate, party, who won the prize, became the possessor of a suf- ficient sum to emigrate. We yet hope that they will relinquish their in- sane intention, and remember the old saying, "the fields are green that are far off." It is a very mistaken idea for all parties to fall into, if they imagine, as we understand they do, that they are conferring a mutual be- nefit by this mechanic conscription; they conclude that by limiting the pre- sent number of artisans in the colony a higher rate of wages will be the result; and in one or two isolated instances this may be the case, but independently of these solitary instances, the greater bulk of mechanics will be in want of employment, from the fact of parties being unable to meet their extravagant views. At a high scale of wages, em- ployment will not be obtained, unless to perfect matters of primary and un- controllable necessity, and persons will take care to do without those secondary conveniences, for which much labour, at a moderate rate, it demanded, if they can only be supplied at a ruinous ex- penditure. The present pressure is gradually becoming easier, and the condition of the colony in a more healthy state than ever. The aspect of our present affairs may be looked on as a sort of insensible perspiration on the past and fevered state of the body politic of Port Pliillip. If they ex- pect to find an El Dorado in Valparaiso they are miserably deceived, as they may perceive from tbe remarks of a Member of Council- in a late Sydney paper. — Ibid. THE POET.— Mr. Beverley Suttor, author of the "Ode to Melbourne," and an Anli-Teetotalist pamphlet, "A time for all things," has imitated his poem and come out himself in a second edition, in a very neat half-length miniature of his face and figure, for which he is indebted to the pencil of our esteemed fellow townsman, Mr. Pittman. The likeness is extremely good, and the attitude natural ; although the resemblance is remarkably correct, it is not very flattering, the Poet being a better looking man than his portrait exhibits; however, if it has not mended his face, it has done a good turn for his coat, and, in the plenitude of its ge- nerosity, extended a similar favour to his four-and-nine-penny. The picture reflects great credit on the abilities of the artist, and may be seen by his admirers at his shop; we beliove it is not for sale.— Ibid. Sheep.— An improvement in the fattening of sheep has recently been adopted in Shrewsbury, which promises to be attended with great success. Mr. Johnson, corn factor, having weighed three sheep, put them to feed with peaso, at the rate of a pint each day to each sheep, in addition to their usual run of pasture. On being taken up and weighed, three weeks after being put on this food, the three were found to have gained 39lbs., being at the rato of 13lbs. each in twenty-one days ; the whole expense of the pease used being 7s. 4d. whilst the extra value put on the sheep amounted to 20s. NUTRITIVE PROPERTIES OF VARIOUS KINDS OF FOOD.— The following comparisons of the nutritive properties of food are the result of various experiments made of late years by the French Institute, and other scientific bodies : In bread one hundred pounds weight are found to contain eighty pounds of nutritious matter: butchers' meat, averaging the various sorts, contains only thirty-five pounds in one hundred ; French beans (in the grain) ninety-two in one hundred ; broad beans, eighty-nine ; peas ninety-three ; lentilles, (a kind of a half pea, but little known in England) ninety-four pounds in one hundred ; greens and turnips, which' are the most aqueous of all vegetables used for domestic purposes, furnish only eight pounds of solid nutritious substance in one hundred ; carrots, fourteen pounds ; and what is very remarkable, as being in opposition to the hitherto acknowledged theory,- one hundred pounds of potatoes only. yielded twenty-five pounds of substance valuable as nutritious. Ono pound of good bread is equal to two pounds and a half or three pounds of the best potatoes ; and seventy-five pounds of bread, and thirty pounds of meat, are equal to three hundred pounds of the best potatoes ; one pound of potatoes is equal. to four pounds of cabbage, and three of turnips ; but one pound of rice, broad beans, or French beans (in grain,) is equal to three pounds of potatoes. NEW INVENTIONS. — We can no longer preach "there is nothing new under the sun," for every day brings forth fresh inventions and discoveries in art and science. Tho readers of the Review were lately gratified by seeing an account in that journal of the first voyage of tho Aerial Ship in Scotland, which was accomplished with the most perfect safety ? The isle of Skye was the place of its descent ; and the ghost of Jorgen Jorgenson. appeared in the neigh- bourhood at the same time. In a late number of the same journal we observe a paragraph giving an account of our New Chief Police Magistrate, Captain Burgess, who, tho writer nays, lost his leg at Waterloo, and when amputation took place, said to his servant, coolly smoking his pipe at the same time, " John, what will the ladies think of me now?' Tho worthy and gallant captain arrived the other day by the Asiatic, and presenting himself to Sir Eardley Wilmot with two legs, walking, for all the world, just like any other Christian, much to the amazement of his Excellency, who exclaimed "What! Burgess, you walk as though you had never lost your leg !'" "I do, Sir," said the veteran,"'but on such occasions as the present, I endeavour to put my best leg forward." "Very good," said Sir Eardley, "buf really I cannot perceive the differ- ence, you use the one, to all appearance, as well as the other— you are made to appear in the Review, after the battle of Waterloo, with but one leg." "Ah, sir," rejoined the captain, " it is a new invention." " Dear me," said Sir Eardley, "how very odd, I must have some of the science people to account for this — it is quite a new principle." " An' it please your Excellency it is an exact copy from nature,'' quoth the captain, " And a very good one too, " observed the Governor. — Hobart Town Courier. 