ENGLISH EXTRACTS'. I , -^_ - _jr-*- I 'THE SUFFICIENCY OF HOLY SCRIPTURE AS THE RULE OF FAITH." (From the Record.) THE importance of this subject at the pre- sent time, (when the principle of this doc- trine is openly assailed by ministers of that Church which hns sworn them to main- tain it) will fully justify the following lengthened extracts from the sermon with the above title, just published by the Bishop of Calcutta: "4. We proceed to show that the at- tempt to set up catholic tradition, and the teaching of the Church, as a joint rule of faith, directly tends to bring in, what the Apostle terms, another Gospel. " A fearful charge this, and which I am persuaded the leaders in this new way are the furthest possible from designing ; but which appears to me, from an attentive perusal of their writings, to be the inevit- able result of the course they arc pursuing. " What this other Gospel is, and how tradition tends to bring it in, I will now state. Grant me still your attention. "The grand spiritual blessings of our redemption are, pardon, renewal to holt- ness, and peace of conscience; all resting on the one meritorious sacrifice of the Son ol' God. These constitute the Gospel. Tradition weakens them all. " i. It first tends to sap the doctrine of St. Paul and of our Reformed Church, as to the vital and fundamental blessing of man's pardon and justification. " The Gospel on this topic, as expounded by our Reformers, is, that the penitent sinner, returning to God in Christ Jesus, is accounted and dealt with as righteous be- fore the tribunal of God, only for the merits of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ by faith, and not for his own works and de servings; wherefore, that he is justified and accounted righteous by faith only is a wholesome doctrine, and very full of com- fort; his subsequent personal obedience being the fruit of faith, the evidence of his sincerity, and following after justification. " The opinion of our new divines, so far as I can understand their very confused statements, is, that justification is a habit of holiness, infused into the soul by the Holy Ghost, and admitting of growth and advance ; springing indeed from the merits of Christ, but consistent with a man's doings being considered as a joint cause of his obtaining pardon and eternal life. Between this tenet and the doctrine of the Council of Trent, I confess I can see no material difference. I believe it to be the nucleus of the whole complicated system of Popish merits, self-righteousness, and superstition. I look on it as the first-born of the false principle ia the rule of faith, which I am opposing. " ii. Tradition, agaiu, tends to weaken the Gospel as to the operation of the Holy Ghost in the renewal and sanctification of fallen man after the image of God, by an overstrained theory on the grace of the sacraments. These sacraments no one venerates more highly than the opponents of tradition. Not a thought of disparaging their high importance and efficacy, or of weakening one single expression regarding them, as laid down either in Scripture or in the services of our Church, ever crosses our minds. But the tradition scheme seems to us to lead men to confound the spiritual and determined change in the understand- ing, will, and affections of the soul, from darkness to light, from sin to holiness, and from the power of Satan and the world to the love and obedience of God, with the grace and blessings communicated to the faithful in baptism and the Supper of the Lord. Or rather, the heavenly birth and new creation in Christ Jesus, are insen- sibly lowered, in order to bring the broad and undeniable facts of the case, as they stare us in the face every day in the mass of baptised persons, into harmony with their overstrained and unscriptural theory on these subjects. The result is, that instead of the enlightened, holy love of God and man, and activity in all the real good works which are enjoined in the Gos- pel, a kind of monkish life of penances and austerities, of fear and voluntary hu- mility, of vows and prostrations, of forms and ceremonies, is too much, if not en- couraged, yet palliated and excused. Sanctification is thus lowered, and the form substituted for the power of godli- ness. This is Popery again. " iii. And how then can peace of con- science be produced? Can reserve, in preaching on the atonement of our Lord, tend to anything but distress of mind? Can the alteration we have noticed in the very ground of pardon and the nature and motives of holiness have any other effect? And what can the duty aud necessity, which is now enforced, of a state of doubt, to the very last as to our acceptance with ' God, and the fear infused as to the full comfort of remission of sins after baptism, result in, but what the Apostle calls a spirit of bondage ! " The whole hangs together. It con- stitutes another Gospel. It makes man his own Saviour. It repeats the very errors of the Galatian Churches, which drew forth St. Paul's awful denunciations. It overturns the grand peculiarity and centre tenet of all the Reformed Churches. It is a covenant of works, not a salvation by grace through faith. It is a sort of mitigated law, in which sincerity, good in in tentions, and imperfect works, done through grace, arc accepted, by virtue ol Christ's merits, in the place of perfect obedience. " Of course, all is uncertainty, torment of conscience, darkness, depression, and doubt,in the penitent's mind; instead of that joy and peace in believing, that re- joicing in hope of the glory ot God, that spirit of adoption, that constraining love of Christ, that patience in tribulation, and that consolation and fellowship of the Spirit, which the Gospel generates and teaches us to aspire after. "I speak with distrust' of my own judgment on so wide a subject ; hut such is my impression, not of the design, but the bearing of the doctrine, of the tradi- tion-writers. "2. Nor is it difficult to trace the steps of the process in their minds. When we once get into a false way, we are never safe one moment. The Spirit of God is grieved, nnd leaves us to an infatimtcd understanding ; and there is nothing which man may not then embrace and defend. So it is here. " i. The traditions of men having gone on working, as I have previously described till they brought in a deteriorated religion ; the descent to another Gospel was gradual, and not easily observed. It sprang na- turally from the darkness of the human mind, and an increasing neglect of the one inspired rule of faith-the inevitable result of the whole scheme. I "ii. The settlement of our Church at the blessed Reformation would not long stand in the way. A perverted taste soon learned to undervalue the Reformers, to disown the name of Protestant, and to avow a preference for the imperfectly purified formularies of Henry VIII. All this has accordingly been done, and done openly. "iii. Charitable concession»lo the »pós- tate Church of Rome followed ; ana as many as possible of her tenets and prac- tices were commended and restored, not- withstanding that our Reformers had swept them away, as fond and supersti- tious. " iv. The result as to the charitable and affectionate regard which our first Refor- mers entertained for their sister Churches on the Continent may be anticipated. Rome, and not the Reformed Churches, are tho object of veneration. Episcopacy is accounted, in the teeth of our Articles, to be absolutely, and under all circum- stances, essential to the very existence of a Church, and the validity of the Sacra- ments. A great stress is laid upon a visible and unbroken maternal succession to the apos- tolic office, on which kind of succes- sion our Articles are silent; whilst succession to the apostolic doctrines, on which doctrines they largely insist, is taken for granted without proof, to be uniformly maintained. It follows that all the Reformed Churches and communi- ties of Christians, though embraced, and intended to be embraced, within the limits of the Articles to which I have alluded, yet if, from whatever causes, they have not retained the exact Episcopal polity, are treated, not with the consideration of our great Reformers, but in the exclusive and condemnatory temper of a latter nge. Charity and the communion of the saints are thus as much violated as the funda- mental truths and simple worship and order of the Gospel of Christ. " v. One obstacle remained : our noble Thirty-nine Articles of religion, drawn up on purpose to oppose and condemn the chief errors in doctrine and practice of the Romish Church. Portentous as is the fact, tbey have been opculy assailed by one of the most dishonourable efforts of sophistry, which I must say has ever been witnessed in theological discussions ; and which forms a melancholy proof of what a learned, and earnest, and able writer is capable, when under the baneful influence of a theory. It will be necessary here to substantiate the allegation. " The following is, so far as I can' un- derstand, the interpretation now imposed on our Articles. '.«The Sixth Article, ..On the Suffi- ciency of Holy Scripture/ is held not to teach that the inspired word is the sole' rule of faith. "The Eleventh, 'On Justification/ ad- mits, it seems, 'of justification by our works/ and also ' by baptism/ " The Twelfth and Thirteenth are found to allow, that ' works done with Divine aid, and in faith before justification, do dispose men to receive the grace of justi- fication/ " The Nineteenth Article on the visible Church is not ' a logical definition what a Church is'-'and the questions whether Episcopal succession, or whether inter- communion with the whole be necessary to each part of it, are not expressly treated of/ " Article Twenty-first, instead of really asserting, as it seems to do, that General Councils may err, and have erred, asserts this only as ' to the human prince, and not the King of Saints/ and as to ' Coun- cils not called iti the name of Christ/-a case which, it seems, 'lies beyond the scope of this Article, or at any rate beside its determination/ " Article Twenty-second does not con- demn ' the primitive doctrine' concerning purgatory, pardon, images, relics, and in- vocation of saints ; but only the abuses of them by certain Romish Doctors. " The Twenty-fifth Article on the Sa- craments does not exclude the five Romish additional ones, ' if the Church has the power oi dispensing grace through rites of its own appointment,' which it is inti- mated it has. " Transubstantiation, in Article Twenty eight, is admitted so far as ' a change in the elements' goes, and ' real super-local presence in the holy sacrament/ " Article Thirty-one is by no means directed against the creed of the Roman Church as to the sacrifice oí the mass, but only against, 'actual existing errors in masses/ " The celibacy of the clergy, Article Thirty-two, it is 'in the power of the Church to enjoin/ " Article Thirty-five does not require an assent to all and every part of the Ho- milies, because ' we sign not them, but an Article which does but generally ap- prove of them.' " The Bishop of Rome, Article Thirty seven, still has jurisdiction in England, which is simply ' an event iii Providence/ " 5. But I hasten to remark, what will immediately present itself to every mind, that tradition will end once more, ' if not in its progress, in an open apostacy from Christ. "I say, once more, for the apostacy of the Church of Rome began from the very point which it is the object of this discourse to oppose, the admixture of human tradition with inspired Scripture in the rule of faith. " i. Already are the foundations of this apostacy laid, in the tenets I have just enumerated. If we once admit another Gospel, Antichrist is at the door. " ii. Already the chief Romish Doctors are hailing the advances of our new di- vines, and are straining every nerve to re- gain their footing in the heart of our Pro- testant country. Rome conceives, and perhaps justly, that if she can resume her sway in England, her ascendancy through- out Christendom is secure. "iii. Already the method of argument adopted by the Romish schoolmen, and especially the Jesuits, is too exactly re- produced, as we have seen ; and the bul- warks reared by our Reformers against the Roman idolatries and superstitions are now found by a subtle assailant to be not incon- sistent with a belief in every one of the corruptions, which they were drawn up to condemn. "iv. Already the mystical piety of the Church of Rome is cast as a cloak over the most unscriptural doctrines and modes of worship ; and the meek language of peni- tence and humiliation is used to conceal the worst kind of presumption in explain- ing away holy writ, and throwing off the obligation of solemn subscriptions-one of the most fatal of all symptoms, as it saps the foundation of moral judgment, and leads to pure fanaticism, the accounting evil good, and good evil. "v. Already infidelity and scepticism are secretly spreading in our educated classes, as in Romish countries ; whilst our common people are ready to crowd the road either of Chartism or superstition, as their leaders may direct. "vi. Already the best divines of the Church of England are treated with neg- lect, and are considered as taking the same ground in the interpretation of Scrip- ture as schismatics and heretics, because they adhere to it as the rule of faith. " vii. Nor are her most enlightened pre- lates honoured except in words, and so far as their office is concerned ; whilst they are slighted and passed by, as to any defe- rence paid to their ' godly judgment' ' The apostasy is thus at hand. These are pregnant symptoms. Two or three steps more, and it has accomplished its work. General prevalence, persecution, and public recognition and establishment, alone are wanting. "viii. If the Lord Christ should give us up, as a Church and nation, to the general prevalence of these traditions, as to a strong delusion to believe a lie, as St. Paul speaks concerning the Papal Anti- christ, and resigns us to the domination of tradition and another Gospel, the apostasy would be really begun. "ix. Persecution for the profession of the truth would quickly follow. Nor would our pretended liberality of sentiment, our national freedom, or our high tone of civi- lization, be any bar to its progress. Even the piety and learning, the talents and station in society, the influence, purity of intention and sincerity of the present leaders, will only accredit and augment their errors. No enlightened student is ignorant that the Church of Rome was never led by her Thomas à Kempis and Francois de Sales, her Pascal and Quesnel, her Nicole and Fenelon, her Bossuet and Borromeo, her Bourdnlouc, Massillon, und St. Vincent de Paul, and a few such names; but by the general spirit of persecution and tyranny over the conscience, produced, and produced uniformly, by her Anti- christian system for twelve centuries, ou the mass of her members throughout Eu- rope and the world. "x. Public recognition and establish- ment, resembling the proceedings of the Council of Trent and of the Popish So- vereigns throughout Europe,' soon after the Reformation, would accomplish and finish the apostasy. This recognition, be it remembered, will not be the commence- ment, but the awful, but too natural, ter- mination of previous declines. "But it is time for me to close this long, but most important argument. I have established, I trust, the case 1 under- took to prove. " I have shown, in the first place, the sufficiency and completeness of the holy Scriptures, as the rule of faith in the midst of the heresies and dangers to which Christianity may be exposed. "And I have, in the second place, proved that tradition and the teaching of the Church, when pressed beyond their proper bearing, so as to be exalted into a joint rule of faith, are to be at once and most unhesitatingly rejected, as inconsist- ant with the doctrine of the text ; being unnecessary in themselves, contrary to the whole spirit and tcnour of the inspired Scriptures, increasing the difficulties they pretend to remove, and, above al!, tending ' to bring in another Gospel, and so pre- paring for an apostasy once more from the faith of Christ. " I. Let me observe, in the first place, in conclusion, that this disastrous con- troversy, raised by the upholders of human tradition, fearful as the termination which it threatens is, has only proceeded, as we might have expected, from the way in which it was conducted from the very first, and from the time selected for commeuc- ing it. " ¡. It has been suspicious from the be- ginning. The tendency to false doctrine was soon apparent. Another course should have been pursued, if our opponents meant to have done real service. " If they had observed any defects in the general opinions and doctrines of the English clergy on the subjects of Church authority, the Fathers and primitive usages -which there probably may have been, as nothing is for long together free from defect or excess in this our militant state they should have been especially careful not to mix their cautions on these topics with a dubious theology ; not to obscure and contract the glory of the Sun of Righteousness; not to tamper with the fundamental points of justification by faith only, of holiness and consolation by (he blessed Spirit, and of the Scriptures as the only rule of belief. " Then we should have listened to them with pleasure and advantage. Then their Tracts for the Times would have been hailed as the salutary admonitions of learned divines, in the retirement of an University, to recall to its due position a forgotten branch of Ecclesiastical order. Then we should doubtless have understood better the various bearings of the argumeutsof our Reformed Church with relation to Papists, the Continental and Scotch Churches, and the Christian Nonconforming bodies in our own land. Then there would have been no exaggeration, no divisions, no party spirit. " There would have been still in our divines, as there has ever been from the time of the Reformation, some differences of judgment as to the degree in which these matters were to be honoured and propounded ; bnt there would have been no breaches of charity, no diminution of the glory of the Gospel ; the faith of the laity would not have been shaken ; and our Church would have risen higher and higher in that just influence which her Divine Head had been vouchsafing her. But, instead of all this, we have seen the downward progress of a controversy, con- ducted from the first in an unsound man- ner. We have seen its leaders borne along in eight or ten brief years to the very verge of an apostasy from Christ. " ii. Nor was the time selected for stirring this controversy less unhappy than their manner of handling it. Both the one and the other marked the secret, and, to themselves, unobserved devices of the great spiritual adversary. For what was the time? Hie afflictions and perse- cutions which the clergy of the United , Church had been called on to endure for some years, had by God's mercy purified, aroused, animated, quickened them. Pas- tors and flocks were shaking off their slum- bers, and assuming a new character. The opposition to the Church in and out of the Lower House of Parliament had re-acted upon the assailants. The union of some of our religious bodies with Infidels and Papists to effect its overthrow, had sig- nally failed. A zeal for the erection of sacred edifices had been coincident with the spiritual awakening. Never had a moment more hopeful presented itself from the period of the Reformation. Our peo- ple were gathering around their Church with new affections. The Gospel was ' sounding clearly from our pulpits. No instances of folly or extravagance had broken out, or not more than the sort of average which human infirmity generates. "At this moment, when we seemed, like Israel of old, entering the promised land, no over-statements on external things should have been made. A fear should have possessed every heart, lest any- thing should provoke the Lord to tura back again our march into the wilderness. We should have remembered that nothing so soon blights the rising spring of grace in the Church as a disproportionate zeal for forms and traditions. Nothing so soon saps the bloom of piety. Nothing so soon gneres the Holy Spirit. Nothing so soon exhausts the good feelings of men on in- ferior points, and diverts their attention from substance to shadow, from life toa name. "Now it Was just' ai this moment that | the controversy was begun, and begun in a manner I have described, so as precisely to obstruct the gracious influences vouchsafed to the Church. The consequences have been what we now so deeply deplore-and might have been anticipated. "II. But you will expect me to say something concerning ludia. "I am full of fear; everything is nt stake There seems to be something ju- dicial in the rapid spread of these opinions. If they should come over here, and per- vade the teaching of our chaplains, the views and proceedings of our missionaries, our friendly relations with other bodies of Christians, and our position amongst the Hindoos nnd Mahometans, Ichabod, the glory is departed, may be inscribed on our Church in India. All real advances in the conversion of the Heathen will stop. Our scattered Christian flocks will miss the sound and wholesome nourishment for their souls. Our converts will quickly dwindle away to a nominal profession. Our native catechists and missionaries will be bewildered. A scheme which substi- tutes self and form and authority of office, for weight of doctrine nnd activity of love, will be eagerly imbibed. The spirituality of our missions will be gone. And no- thing in the whole world is so graceless, as the eminent Gerickè once observed, as n mission without the Spirit of Christ. "What course the honoured prelates mid dignitaries of our Reformed Church at home may find it right to follow, I winnot presume to conjecture. I shall be guided as much ns possible in my own proceeding by the advice and direction of his Grncc the Archbishop, under whom wc are nil i placed. Our moderation and charity of spirit as a Church render any public mea- sures difficult of adoption, except in ex- treme cases, and of some continuance. The University, however, where the con- troversy began, has, by the voice of its Heads of Colleges and Halls, given a spe- cimen of the view taken of the whole ques- tion by our leading authorities and divines. " In my own diocese, till I receive particu- lar directions, I shall proceed, as I ought, cautiously but firmly, so far ns my influence and mild authority as a Protestant Bishop extend. I have made up my mind. I take a very different view of the case now from what I did three years since. 1 then addressed a few cautionary remarks to my Reverend brethren in my public charge on the question as it then lay be- fore me, I did not conceal, even al that early period, my fears of the tendencies of the Traditional School. But I leaned to the side of charity. I hoped the leaders would hnve rctrocted, or ceased to repent, their errors. I hoped the character of those errors would have been soon acknow- ledged, when the novely had passed. But I was mistaken. " I now look on the progress of these doctrines in a very different light. 1 am an alarmist. I believe our Church was never in the danger she now is, except perhaps immediately before the great re- bellion. Not the High Church party, of which Archbishop Land "was then the head, nor the Non-jurors who condemned the glorious Revolution of 1688, carried out so many of the maiu principles of the Church of Rome, and professed them so formally, fully, and systematically within the Church of England, as is now openly done. " I must not be wanting to Christianity in the East on this great occasion, little ns I can hope to effect. I have already in part answered the appeals made to me for my opinion from every part of the diocese, and I may say India, in various discourses delivered in the progress of my visitation. I seize the first opportunity on my return to the metropolis, to lift up, as I am now doing, my warning voice, on this occasion of a solemn ordination. " Upon one point of detail I think I should be wrong in withholding from you now my intention. It is my design to institute in my future examinations for holy orders a more minute inquiry than formerly, as to the sentiments of each candidate on the subject of the sufficiency and completeness of the Holy Scriptures, as laid down in our Sixth Article (which con- tains, indeed, the whole of the doctrine of this discourse in the most distinct and expressive terms), and on the great fun- damental doctrines of our faith imme- diately connected with it. And I shall require also of those who are training for catechists, such previous assurances, nt the least six months before the/ offer themselves for the work, as may satisfy me upon this vital point. "1IJ. A few topics of advice to my Reverend brethren, touched upon as briefly as possible, shall conclude this un- avoidably long discourse. " 1. Let us beware of falling into the opposite class of errors to those we so justly fenr. In avoiding one extreme, let us guard against another. Let us watch against any the least depreciation or neglect of the means of grace, of the various branches of sound criticism for arriving at the best interpretation of Scrip- ture, of the dignity of the Sacraments, of the divine authority of the Episcopal polity and the study of Christian antiquity. Let there be no omission of any one of the or- dinary-forms and usages of our Reformed Church. Let us remain firm, unmoved enlightened members and ministers of her communion, with an affection anil loyalty unquestionable to her whole polity, doc- trine, offices, and Liturgy, to the minutest point, as settled in our rubric and canons. " 2. Hasty and uncharitable judgments of others should also be especially guarded against. One of the great evils of con- troversy is the exaggeration, the false ru- mours, the names of party to which they give rise. Let us then listen to no idle calumnies. Let us put the very best in- terpretation we can with sincerity, upon doubtful actions. Let us impute no mo- tives. Let us bear with slight overstate- ments on subordinate matters, where we hope the main truths of the Gospel in the salvation of souls are adhered to. Let patience have her perfect work in this time of our Church's trouble and rebuke. " Let us do more. Let us imitate, as well as commend, what is really praise- worthy in those who may most widely differ from us, however we may dread the effects of their system. If there be in them activity, zeal, and unworldly spirit, devotcdness to their sacred calling, inde- fatigable labours amongst their flocks, ge- nerosity to the poor, learning, talent, amiableuess of demeanour, let us copy these excellent qualities, only avoiding any approach to the errors which may unhap- pily be associated with them. "3. Prayer to Almighty God, the fountain of Grace, for the larger effusion of the influences of his Spirit, should be, above all, offered, and offered without ceasing, that he would withdraw his stroke from us. Wc should also willi deep pros- tration of soul acknowledge liis righteous chnstisement of us as a Church, for our un fruitfulness and manifold provocations of his Holy Spirit. These controversies are permitted in anger ; and if wc turn not to him that smiteth us, neither seek the Lord of Hosts, wê cannot expect that he will interpose on our behalf. Ile only can interfere with effect. His Holy Spirit can alone restore the holy Scriptures and the great truths of the Gos- pel, to their just supremacy. His mercy alone can dissipate opposing errors j his powerful grace cause all these baneful tra- ditions and inventions of men to be rejected, and the vital truths of the Gos- pel of Christ to be believed and preached. It is not argument we want, but Divine influence, to save our Church. "1. In this spirit let us humbly trust in tlie name of the Lord, and stay ourselves upon our God. The times were, and aro still, big with hope upon the whole. The apostasy is not fully come in. All may be remedied. The world sighs for salvation. Our missions are bursting out with life. The power of our great Protes- tant country is extending on all hands. An access for the Gospel into the interior of the chief Heathen nations seems preparing. Wc may hope, then, that the dark tempest now gathering over us may yet be dispersed. God's ways aro not our ways. Possibly the bold protest which the great body of our Church is now entering against these corruptions of the Gospel, may be blessed to a rapid return of our younger clergy (for it is the young chiefly who are led astray) to the ways of truth. Then the threatened apostasy will be arrested. Then the pure Gospel will resume its sway. Then the Lord Christ will return to in as a Church and people. Then his cross anil passion will again be known, beloved, ac- knowledged, relied on, gloried in, as the only meritorious groundofjustification : and his Spirit sought for and honoured, ns the only gracious source of holiness and com- fort. Then our Church, in common with the other branches of the universal body of the faithful, will shine brighter than ever, holding forth the woid oflifctothcm that sit in darkness ; till at length the earth be filled with the knowledge of the I Lord as the waters cover the sea. ".Deo soli Gloria.'" 