The Sydney Morning Hearld. MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1843. " Sworn to no Master, of no Sect am I." THE NEW YEAR. ANOTHER year has gone —another year has come! The records of the one afford materials for an interesting retrospect— the promises of the other give birth to encouraging anticipations. The year 1842 will be long remembered as one of the darkest yet brightest eras in the history of New South Wales. Its com- mercial aspect was fearfully dismal. From its commencement to its close, black clouds overhung it, and thick fogs covered it. In storm and tempest did its sun arise in storm and tempest did it set. Com- merce, agriculture, and even the great staple in which we once exulted as our " golden fleece," were alike laid prostrate by the blasts of a pitiless adversity. From the first day of February, when the new Insolvent Law came into operation, to the thirty-first of December, the number of declared insolvents was no less than six hundred! Six hundred insolvencies in eleven months! Six hundred insolvencies in a free population of little more than a hundred thousand souls! Excluding the Sundays, this was at the rate of more than two for every day throughout the entire period. Among the most destructive calamities of the past year, were the stoppage of immigration, the exhaustion of the Land Fund, and the passing of Lord STANLEY'S ruinous Land and Emigration Act. This measure gave the finishing stroke to all our woes, for the heavy arm of Parliament was thereby brought down upon us in merciless severity, shutting and barring the door of immigration, putting a stop to the sale of land, embarrassing the local Government, and fixing the seal of per- petuity to the distresses of the colonists. But from the dark let us turn to the bright side of our retrospect. If Fortune has frowned upon our trade, she has given us some compensation by smiling be- nignantly upon our politics. In the year 1842, the star of constitutional liberty first arose above the Australian horizon, and gladdened the people with its genial ray. We were then for the first time endowed with a portion of our national inheritance, the elective franchise. A local ordinance gave us our first Muni- cipal Corporations ; an Act of the Im- perial Parliament gave us our first Repre- sentative Legislature. The Act of Council has proved a valuable precursor of the Act of Parliament, for it has enabled us to feel our way, to try our strength, in the rough business of elections. We shall enter upon the exercise of the higher franchise with a degree of experience of which we should otherwise have been destitute, and which will be a useful guide both to electors and candidates. We have before us a busy year. Not only shall we have to elect members for our new Legislature, but as the whole colony is to be parcelled out into District Corporations, we shall have to elect mem- bers for those little miniature parliaments also. Thus we shall have wheels within wheels—a complex political machinery, which it will take a long time and no small trouble lo bring into steady and profitable operation. It is to be regretted that the word "Council" should have been applied to so many different institu- tions. We shall have the Executive Council, the Legislative Council, the City and Borough Councils, and the several Municipal District Councils. If it be in- variably true that "in the multitude of Councillors is safety," we shall certainly be one of the safest communities on the face of the earth. Will the reader now permit us to glance for a few moments at our own affairs? The adversity of the past year was of course felt by the Press as well as by other interests. To four of our contemporaries, indeed, it proved fatal. The Free Press and the Examiner, after a brief but very noisy career, gave up the ghost. The Monitor, having lost the master-hand which had from the first guided its affairs, had reached the respec- table age of sixteen years, when it too slept the sleep of death. And even the poor old Sydney Gazette, the first literary adventurer in the southern hemisphere, after a long and eventful life of nearly forty years, sunk into an inglorious grave. Once the defunct veteran was exhumed, and an effort made to reanimate the vital spark; but in vain: the fatal decree had gone forth, and could not be revoked. For ourselves, it is with the most lively gratitude that we state, that amid all the distresses of the times the Sydney Morning Herald has continued to flourish in the sunshine of a generous patronage. We have, it is true, as our reports of the In- solvent Court have shown, encountered our share of loss by the bankruptcy of customers; but notwithstanding the seces- sion of these, our circulation still exceeds THREE THOUSAND NUMBERS DAILY, OR NINE HUNDRED AND FORTY THOUSAND in the year, (940,000). Nor have we less reason to be grateful for the undiminished liberality of our advertisement patronage. The number of separate advertisements published in the Herald during the past year was about EIGHTEEN THOUSAND; and as the number of insertions averaged about three to each advertisement, it follows, that the aggregate insertions of the year amounted to the prodigious number of FIFTY-FOUR THOUSAND, or upwards of a hundred and seventy-two per day all the year round. Only one thing is wanting to perfect both our happiness and our gratitude—a greater punctuality in the payment of our bills. We can promise our subscribers, that if they will be more prompt in this one particular, which to them individually would be an easy task, the augmented revenue which will thus flow into our coffers, shall be faithfully expended in enlarging our literary resources, and in making the Sydney Morning Herald still more worthy of its distinguished patron- age. We close with our wonted annual com- pliment, of wishing to all our supporters a HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 