NEW CHURCH ON THE NORTH SHORE ON Tuesday, the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Church in the township of St. Leonard's, was performed by the Bishop of Australia. The Bishop, who crossed the harbour (in company with the Rev. Messrs. Allwood and Clarke, A. C. G. Walker, and Mr. C. Mar- tens,) in the Governor's barge, was received upon his arrival at the North Shoie by Deputy Commissary General Miller, Mr. Berry, Mr i Younger,and Mr. Milsom, who proceeded with | his Lordship to the ground, where they were about a hundred and thirty persons assembled, most of whom reside in the neighbourhood. Upon arriving nt the ground the 132nd Psalm was repeated by the Rev. W. B. Clarke, who is to be the minister of the new Church, and the people, in alternate verses, and the third chapter of the first epistle to the Corin- thians was read. The stone was then laid with the usual cere- monies, the Bishop saying—"I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a Church, to be built in this place, to be named St. Thomas's, and to be set apart for the preach- | ing of the right Catholic Faith, which we be- lieve and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen! The glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us; prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us, O prosper thou our handy work : for the sake of the same Jesus Christ. Amen!" After the Apostles' Creed and the Lord's Prayer, the Bishop offered up the following prayer: " 0 most t,]oi tons I ord God, whoso throne Is in tho Iran cn of lu neus, nut the cirtli th) footstool, look down wo beseech Hice from Dij dil cllliiff pi «.c ou IiIrIi, mid blocs the mulei lal ingofth) humble sen nota Mo 1 now O Loi d til it without I lice oui w irks mo tain, mid thnt unloss i lion limld the houso their Inborn is hut 1 st tlint limld it Ploient Ub tliorctmoIiiuUour doing* with th) most pincions favour, mid turtliti us with tit) coutiiiunl help, ni (.tricing on tlie it ink winch wc tlcsno till» dn> to beM» In 1 bee, mid In tilt nnmo of Tlij WcsscdSon lirmglt, it lthcth)good plecsmo, to n hnppt coinplotioti mid so fluid down Iii) grnco mid bonuhttion uiion nil w iio shall cngago in or i>romotu it, Unit til) simctiuir) inn) bo to thom the house of Go I nuil the gate ot I loin en Gi aft in our hem ts tho lol o of 1 liv unnic, inerenso In us true religion, nourish us vi Uli «li coodoo s, mid ot 1 li) great mere) keep us in tlio sniiit, in tlie communion of ih) Church, nuil of all tiuc bchcters who hate pleased Theo in their scierai gone rations from tlio beginning ot tlio world Gltc us grace no beseech tlice so to follow Hil good cxnmjile of these Th) sei i ants departed this life in th) faith and fear, that with them wc ina) be partakers of th) henton!) kingdom (.raitt this O mciclful lather for the sake ot losus Christ who with thoo and tho liol) Ghost lltetli and rcigncth over one God world vi lthout omi Amen! At the conclusion of the piajer, the Bishop addressed the people as follows - Otcr this foundation stone of tlio church of St lim mis tho Apostle, w o hato oflcred oui prnvcrs for the first mid most important of nil licivenlv ^ifts- tlio e,ift of a tiue faith in Oin t the ¡>on of God, mid l/iit faith such as " mi) in ids slfalit no\ cr bo i ejn ov ed 1 o v on, ns ( hristians, it is imncecssm ) for mo to s i) tltnt a iirin persuasion in tho truth ol tlie Gospel is Hutt tthcich) wo rest upon lum, who is the elliot coi nei stone lo take away nil imiiLdiinlioii of mont in_our own works and rtescr» bigs, and to cast us for tlio attainment of lift, ctcrnil upon tlio merits of Jesus Christ alone, wc are taught b) liol) Scripture and eonlu mod in tlio person sion bj tho Clan eh of ] nglniid, that "ho uro justified li) faith oui) | and " it is i most wholesome doctrine 1 loth, muted w it h that true holiness In w Illili it Is made ciident, and without which no ulan shall soo the Loi d, thus constitutes tlio sum of true religion, of tint which alone stands sure, Ii it lug the seal ot God It is to mo a vor) grateful task to be emplo)ed m tho prep iratioti of means for preaching upon this shore, for the ilrst time, those heat eu descended truths 1 his occurrence shows that God is still able, fiom the stones of the wilderness, toraiso up children who shall shnro in the blessing ot faithful Ahrali mi I fultll this dut), not ouït w Itli moro satisfaction, b it with moio confidence, lind a stronger feeling ot imvud iutcgrit), because 1 know uivsclf to bo herein decluing the ti tie sentiments of Din Church whoso represo itiitiv o I mil (tis llio Church of 1 nglmid which spoakib) in) voice, telling )ou ali the importance mid necessity of tile pi inciplos non laid boforc j on-¡ni portant in a senso far be}omi mi) winch can lie attached to the i cristi iblo and transient possessions of tilo w oi Id loi these tilings arc and that, with blessed St 1 liornas, ' )Oumny bchoic tint Jesus Mom Lord and vom God and that bellet mg,) ou um Ii nu Hie tin ou"h ins name lu conclusion let mo ceprena ni) sntisf ictlon mid thank fulness at tile progress winch hi-, boon mulo in this nu lei taking At tlie s uno tillie it Is mv hope, mid not ni) Jioponiouo, but also my peisitislon, that the ¿cal and ciincstiicss, nudlihornliti, dispiaved b) iinnj injiro tiding toi the commencement of tills vi oik, are to bo riptide 1 ns otidcuro of unfeigned allvotlon tow irds tlio causent tint truth which islicio tobe piciehod uinoilg )0u It would be tho lui thest f i oin ni) disposition or de no to encourage i i )ou, tho feeling and persuiesioii th it bec luso )0u belong to tlio Church of i iic,I md, )ou nny theiofoic uxait voursehos nbote other men, ns though you wucuot n» iluiy aro, Hut I do at tlio sumo tim« think, Unit «« eliouUl be ««mina lit tu'iy te earning ficnlmumt Innards God, if ne did not thank lum < ultli earnest gi itituilo foi luiMUg Hindous members of ft communion in whieh tho ll"'ht of his truth so nbun (lanth shines, Mhiic, within it \\\o hti\e,nttho snmotlmc, nfloi dod to us tlio UK ins of maintaining that nmit¿ of tlio spint in the bond of pence, which our Lord so dceplj í Unod ns to pia\, with uhnost his d\lng hrettli, Unit it nil 'lit he (lie distmetinii of his dist iples Mm lio 1)0 pleased to gi itnl Ihnt this \\\ 01 le nm¿ proceed tis ¿1 ippilv lia it has begun, mid tint bun¿ completed it nin\ sLind is a niontitlKllt of tiutlt mid pt tee in tlio «ight of } our- dell cs mid of Nour children And Unit it ma} lie so 1 i (.pint tlio m ords of our. supplii Ilion, " Heir ns O I oíd, tlnotigh thosmtiG Jesuit Christ, to whom with thee and the liol} Ghost he all honor und gloi}, now und for lui moi o Amen " The ceiemony was concluded by the bene- diction. The following is the inscription, Milich is on the plate pl.ieed in the foundation stone : Tliih foundation stone of n Clinrch In honor of Alniight} God To lie rilled St 1 liomas's v rrcclcd with the nlil of Upi Mnjeslj's Goioinmont 1!% tlio Inhabitants of the Parish of Willonghli} In the township of St Leonard 8 in tho Colom otN S W «as laid bj tile Right Roi rathol in God "William-Lord Bishop of Australia. on the xu dn} of Juno in the >c u of oin íoidMn^cc\Lm Ulio mi }cni of tlio reign of Queen Vletoiia and the 53th ol tlio Colony Sir George Gipps, Kilt being gol ci nor Tliomas Wiitin» ,AC01 Cliarli s Younger Com tid Mai tens 1 Trustees John Milsom I J T Ariiutago J PaiCE or M'ooi..-Dawson and Ilance'a cncular, dated Liverpool, Jamwiy 27, sajs, "The public sales of colonial and loicign wools, yesterday and to-day, do not enable us to lepoit any new featiue in the trade since our ciiculai of 2nd Jnnuniy prices and de- mands for colonial wool, steady, at lates equivalent to London Dccombei sales, but without increased activity. The demand for low foieign wools was flat, without any im- provement on oin last quotations." A pii. vate eil cular, dated London, February Sth, says, '' Public sales of colonial wool are fixed for the 17th-two thousand bales aie declared, but this quantity is expected to be much iii cieased ; prices aie firm foi all sorts ol wool, but the amount of business tiniisactcd has been upon a small scale only ; n much belter demand is, howcvei, expected slioilly to take place, as stocks in second hands nre light." 