domestic intelligence. Root-a-too, root-a-too, root-a-too, — "Punch" is him self again :— again he figures on his own theatre, and is quite at home, as the Porcupine said when he spread his downy feathers among the snakes. — Well, courteous reader, what do you think of his " leader" this week ? " what do you think of it, quoth thou. " Why, my tea got a cold while I was reading it : I don't like it: I hate pontics — the -papers, lilce every body else, are full of it — it's in every body's mouth, but in nobody's understanding; it is a science every one thinks he can teach, yet no one has ever learnt. It's vastly like the horizon, we fancy if we could but reach a certain point we should be able to grasp the heavens, while we stand upon the earth ; or, like two parallel lines, which, were they extended to eternity, they would never meet; — but, as for your "leader," to cut the thing short, it's much too long. Courteous readerj thou art moralizing, and it's time thou doth give over it, as the ivy bush said to the owl, day light begins to have a clear smell. Le Punch thanks thee for thy communication, and it will be a long time before he is led by the nose again, as the hook'd fish said to the line, when he was landed out of the stream ; and so — " I'm off to the wedding, You know, You know, I'm off to the wedding you know." As we anticipated' in our first number, so hath it come to pass, and in our third we have to record the demise of His High Mightiness the Prince Legislative Council, who gave up his political ghost 011 Friday week last. He is now reclining in the shade of our reminiscence after a reign of thiiteen years, in which his bitterest enemies must allow that, with some evil, there was much good. " So may he rest — liis faults lie lightly on him." The funeral procession took place the same evening, which was arranged in the following order : — Attendants of His High Mightiness, 2 and 2. Messengers of the household, 2 and 2. Paul bearers The Coffin , Paul bearers C S s born by six Gents, C -T — -, A. G , Mr. Gippsward, Mr. Burkeward, S. G C. C , " Macquarieward, "Cooksward, A. G . " Phillip ward, " Brisbaneward, Chief mourner The GREAT ONE, Over whose countenance a gleam of satisfaction spread itself, that displayed the inward passings of the mind, which might be interpreted, I have great hopes, in the Representative family. The service was read by the Bishop ; after which an elegant oration was delivered by the Great one. He was then coram itted— ?io£ to the Mausoleum of his An cestors, for he has none— but to the records of Austra lia. Rcquiescat in pace. 