NARRATIVE OF THE PRETENDED RAISING OF A SPIRIT. CONCLUDED FROM THE "REGISTER" OF WEDNESDAY, JULY 5. The quiet melancholy deportment of the impostor served his cause more effec- tually than any boasting would have done, is it led to the notion of enthusiasm rather than deceit, for, adds the professor's cor- respondent, a man who can pass for an en- thusiast less frequently fails of his end than the real enthusiast who works heart and soul. The conjuror's book must have been so contrived, as many before have been, to open only where the owner chooses. It is not to be supposed that the ghost-seer had in readiness all the spirits figured in the book, but he seemed to permit an indis- criminate selection. His indifference, too, is a proof that no other spirit than that which he chooses can be fixed upon, so in many tricks with cards, such only are shown as the artist intends to have seen. The seven days' abstinence, preparation, and so forth, were to give the matter a solemn effect, and afford time for the ope- rator to study his dupe. The fast on the seventh day was not without its meaning, it being designed that the spectator should not be heated with wine, to make awkward inquiries, and that he might be more inclined to an easy belief in the super- natural. The promise to remain quiet is not always exacted. My friend had never been called upon to make it, but I suppose the conjuror viewed my general behaviour suspiciously—l do not know what he had said to my friend beforehand ; that he believed in the truth of the experiment, his urging this promise upon me proved as I think, as well as his actual dread of the consequence of its being violent. The statement that the apartment for the experiment was hired on account of its peculiar situation begets, of course, the suspicion of a prepared room being neces- sary, and certain facilities required for the work, otherwise the ghost-seer might havc used his own dwelling, especially as, according to his account, any room would do equally well, the aspect of which was propitious. The solemn introduction, the book, the circles, the tapers, the long prayer, and the pressing our faces, were all artifices to excite our terror and expectation. The command to lay aside all metal was a wise precaution to disarm the spectator. The ghost-seer might readily permit me to examine the room, as I did not then know what situation we ourselves should occupy, and, therefore, could not scrutinize where most needful. That the room had only one door and one window, and these always in view of the spectator, made it aprear that the spirit could not enter secretly through either of these, and the attention was also thus di- rected to the part most distant from the real scene action. The row of chairs would impede a rash inquirer just long enough to bring all again into proper order. Behind the table, on which stood the book, was, no doubt, a sliding panel or door of wood, or, perhaps, pasteboard, of equal height with the skirting and painted like it. Behind this panel must havc been a recess in the wall large enough for a man to creep through. The two hinder legs of the table were, no doubt, placed exactly against the grooves in which the panel slid. At the upper part of the panel there must have been two small rings be- hind the desk, not visible to the spectator. During the incantation, most probably, the ghost-seer takes the two hooks before mentioned unobserved out of the rings on the book, and hitches them on the rings attached lo the panel, and thus the panel becomes connected with the silk-cord before noticed. When the ghost-seer stood in the circle nearest the window, I, of course, furthest from table, with the spectators faces turned to the window, he pulled the chairs hanging from the silk cord strongly, and thus raised the panel, which was doubt- less made to run very smoothly and softly in the groove, so that nothing might be heard, and, having made the spectator kneel and grasp the chair, still holding it himself, the ghost might easily enter from the recess. When the operator sees that his visitors have a fast hold of the chain, that the hole is open, and all in order, (which he can easily distinguish over the kneeling parties heads), he leaves the chain in their hands, kneels beside them, and presses their ears. This pressure, and the prayer, was intended to prevent the hearing of any possible noise when the ghost-seer creeps in, while at the same time it induces the suspicious to fix attention on the door, fancying that the ghost-seer is desirous lo hide it, when he presses their hands. The distance of the operator from the spot, when the spirit appears, not only makes the matter more wonderful, but hinders the spectators from looking round till the proper moment. The row of chairs here, also, forms an additional se- curity, by impeding a too accurate view. It may be thought easy for the pre- tended spirit to raise the panel; but the operation of the chain is the more certain, as the operator would be found to give a signal, and knocks or noises are too well known in the common tricks of citing the dead. The spirit, if a child, might mistake the time of appearing, and the operator has, besides, the advantage of employing the spectators and drawing their attention from the spot when the ghost is to be seen. The ghost spoke Hebrew that the spec- tator himself should not converse with it, and that the spirit might not, if a stupid ghost, betray itself by its answers. The red colours were to prevent recognition. On this occasion, as it will be noticed, the operator made us quit the room. This was because I had manifestly ex- cited his suspicion, and he was fearful of some violence at the close of the ex- periment. My companion, too, told me, that at other times, the spirit had ap- peared and vanished with the same cere- monies. The Rabbi, no doubt, informed the ghost during the chaunt, that he must retire the moment we were led out. The spirit's anger was well contrived. The impostor would easily conceive that I had not complied with his injunctions during the seven days preparation—that I was inclined to lay hands on the ghost, my countenance might probably show. I may finally observe, that this ghost- seer was not the most adroit of his class. That he did not use the ceremonies and ritual on this occasion, which have most worked on the credulous, and had not contrivance enough to conceal several several things which might create sus- picion. My merit in the discovery (concluded the professor's correspondent) is very small. I shall, however, be grati- fied if many talented persons of the pre- sent day, who have laid such matters too seriously to heart, shall be induced to bring with them to such an experiment less credulity, and a less readiness to surrender their good sense to a matter, at first, apparently incomprehensible. 