VARIETIES. An interesting 'donation, consisting of; two nncient Greek skulls, lias been imade by Lord Niigerit to the anatomical museum of University; College. These relics we're both found bv his 'lord- ' ship, in l¥3T,iti the island of 'Cephalonia, on the | site o'f i lie Necropolis'of the 'city rif Same, called by , 'Haosanias and Thucydides Ton Smneion. 'Under the jaw of each was found a Greek coin of about I the date of the second Peloponne.dnn war(4T0 B.C.)ii In one o'f these fepeeiriifebs.'hihficli is-in an 'excellent! 'state of 'preservation-, are icrintbiined in a marked1 degree nil theiociiliarities of the 'oval form <of skull— 'the bea«tiful contour of the cranium, the harmonious 'proportion's o'f the different parts of the face, arid the "regularity anil 'symmetry o'f the, tfHo'le, 'so 'eminently characteristic :o'f 'the ekdHs.dfl the. 'ancient .Greeks, 'who constitute the purest! models and ihe typical examples amoqgst European; nations o'f the "Caucasian or Iranian type of the ) 'hiirtian species. Ariolher'less perfect skull and' the! left humerus, or arm-bone, '.belonging to the'saintej .Subject, ;.together with one ofsmall .botilestcalletli ,lactirymatoriesj placed -in an inverted position uri'der the arin, have also been deposited in the samel museiiiti 'rifthe college: tbey'we're found 'by litsi lordship 'embedded io n soft- feed' loam, near1 the .sea- l shore in the hay of Same. | As every .trium.ph of knowledge is but .a i 'grain removed from the mountain of our. ignorance, : we may well agree with the philosopher wlio said that the inrire he 'knew' tiie 'more Ueep'ly 'did he feel convincfe'd that he 'knew notliiiig. 'filen of the .greatest information, therefore,, >a're .generally the most modest, while sciolists and srnatlere.r.s are : boasters and pedagogues. The Ignorance o'f. past ages cbm'par'ed With the knowledge of the present, is- not 'half so deiise aud grOssias 'will be' the igno- raiice of tho present compared -with the -knowledge of the future-n lesson that ought equally to. guard us against an undue contempt o'f others, arid an overweening conceit ofduiselves. Anil yet we are never so apt to expose our own deficiencies 'as when we are correcting 'Others. -'An .English -lady who went to make purchases at a shop in Jamaica, ae'coiripanied by her jblack maid, was repeatedly addressed by tile negro shopman as " maiisa," Whereupon ' her sable follower' .exclaimeil with a look df itifinite Contempt, " Why for yo,u speak iosh bad (English — no, gram mar, Sabby? Why for you call' my missus 'massa ?' Stupid fcllali '!— h'iiii's1 a /sll 6T A correspondent' lias seiit.iothT(' I of the National Intelligencci a . drv- ur„e , ! men of the Polar Plant of the western .J-; . sPtci. I is a species, of fern-, which, genernllv at, ll I height of from" ten to sixteen' inches, \vit|, l '"' «i; I flat leaf, whose plane always points to il I I and south. The specimen was. pltickeil r nr"' I prairies near Fort Gibson, west of Ark-,11 I is sjiread profusely in largo beds overall ii' ' I ern prairies, from the north-west to the fnn'Wcsi' I west. It has been seen in the prairies of \vi Ul11, I and other regions east of Ihe- Mississimil COllsil1 I neverjound in the forests, or, in other viSi " I of the prairies. It has been well known t0"' I hunters and trappers of the west, and to thr> « ® I of dragoons; but it is believed that its cvi I has never (at least extensively) been maik t10® I to the'world. Its plane is always in the .,i " I the meridian, when not distnrbed by hinh I or other external causes.. The indication! I always most accurate in the valleys who I beds nre slieltered from the winds, and wh "® I traveller finds them arranged in parallel unoa'"1® I faithfully pointing out the direction of d„ l0"!' I dian.- The leaf is symmetrical, and thus th"""' I nothing iri its indications to dialinimiQi. .i,_ Etc 11 I from the south.— New York Observer. I Decidedly the most entertaining ,„i I interesting part of this market world for « 7 I reigner, (St. Petersburg) is that division ofthe'l'L I km Dwor where the poultry -market is held 7' j composed of two long rows of shops, stocked ! a birds large and small, alive and dead, pigeons M l geese, ducks, swans, larks, bulfinches, linnets 'n »i!' I ingales, and a hundred other Russian birds I foriri the most picturesque and parti-colonrcd'avil I that can be conceived. The shops are built ofCf I but almost entirely open in front, so that one I conveniently see all that is in them from d,„ " I In each of these shops there is a piquant nroiw!f | the real quintessence of rural sounds : thecrawinirf l cocks, the cackling of hens, the chatter of (Uicks iM cooing of pigeons, enough to supply a hundred'vT I lages. I rom one row of shops to the oilier tliesa i I have built themselves flying bridges, such asivehM already described. These bridges and the roofs a I the resort of innumerable pigeons, each party „ I which is accustomed to its own roof, and which mar I be easily caught when a person- sets about it. I Russians, as every body knoWs, do not eat pigeons I which, as the dove is the representative of the Holt I Ghost, they would consider it a heinous sin to. I and, therefore, they buy these birds merely to fai l them, to play with them, and to amuse thomselm I with watching their flight. It is a truly mteresiir I sight to see the Russian shopkeeper directing I flight of these birds at ever so great a height, FB I this purpose he merely. fastens bits of rags to a Ion? I slick, and .waves it about in various ways, which ind. I cate to the well- schooled .birds whether they are loir I higher, whetlier to the right or left, or whether it ii I intended that they should come down, in which case I tbey descend as instantaneously as if they were shot. I The force of custom reconciles even the bitterest I enemies : thus, among the pigeons, and faraiWy I associating with them on the roofs, are to be seen caty I one of which is kept in each shop .on account of fe I mice. It is a remarkable sight to see these bid- I thirsty animals among the little birds, to which liny I naver do any harm, because their masters have curd I theni of the disposition to murder birds, and tanA I them gentleness and forbearance. — Khdl's Russia it I 1842\. I There is amongst the Chinese the aliritlg- I ment of an Encycioyaeilia in four hundredamlfijljj I volumes, while the Eucycloi wdia itself consists of I six thousand volumes. 'Our ilietionaries .ot this class I are somewhat ponderous, but sink into perfect I insignificance when contrasted with these "liooki I of .reference" .for the literati of the Celestial I Empire. I . A clergyman Tesiding flt.Ilehester, when I collecting tithes of a farmer, understanding thathiswife I was lately confined with twins, took them as thc iitk I of the ifarmer's progeny. 'This occurred several years I back, and the children are now. diving under thecare I of their benefactor, reoeiving an education 'that will I (ultimately enable them to aspire to (respectability if I .station in life. I It is riot generally 'known 'that, .'if 'Ihe I lining of drawers, in which clotlies.are kept, is made I of .pencil cedar, ino moihs, or other .destructive insects, I will get into them, and as the wood is much cheaper I than -wainscot or mahogany,, and .gives a delightful I perfume to the clothes contained in the drawers, these I facts only require to be. known to bring it into very I general use. I The following .remarkable instaricerof the I tenacity of life in tiie .seeds .of the common 'Elder, is I mentioned in .tIie'":Annals.'.and .'Magazine of iNaturd I History," .forthe ,present;mortth. The iseeds in qi® I tion were derived from the dregs of 'some Elder vine, I which was istrewn ;as manure over a iloweirbordcr, I where liundre'ds of; tliem grew.. The lady with rivlioih I it happened says that .they : had been twice boiled W I making rwine ; had 'been present during the ferments- 1 tion ; after which rthe wine iwas drawn off, and, the j dregs-were bunged up.ifor twenty months ui the cask! where . the i seeds, rem ained without . inj ury. I Dr. Bowring's investigiation into "(ho manner in which the accounts of 'tiie colo» nies are kept, will doubtless' be productive of : some -benefit," by leading to , the detection of abuses which -prevail in -that depart? ment, perhaps, more than in any other. !Tffe Managers of the /Union arid Com mercial batiks are shewing no quarters to those wiho.se 'bills lie. dishonored. They ore immediately . placed in the . hands ol ti'e la-tvyer; and 'the-parfcies /pretty weil'-fleeeW' 