LOCAL. Francis Burgess, Esq., our new Chief Police Magis- trate, arrived, with Mrs. Burgess and family, by the Asiatic. The appointment of this gentleman is officially announced in this day's Gazette. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-The members are sum- moned to meet, for the despatch of business, on tie 24th of the ensuing month. APPOINTMENTS—The London Gazette of the 19th of May contains the official notice of the Queen's appoint- ment of Francis Burgess, Esq., to be Chief Police Magistrate in the Island of Van Diemen's Land, and the Rev. George Giles, as Chaplain of the Female Penitentiary. New Governor of Bombay. - A paragraph has appeared in a Clare journal, copied into the Non- Cm formist of the 3rd of May, that Sir John Fitzgerald, of Toonagh, is to be appointed Governor of Bombay. We do not perceive a'notice of this in any other paper, and are at a loss to account for the origin of the report. New Inventions.-We can no longer preach " there is nothing new under the sun," for every day brings forth fresh inventions and discoveries in art and science. The readers of the Review were lately gratified by seeing an account in that journal of the first voyage of the Aerial Ship in Scotland, which was accomplished with the most perfect safety. The isle of Skye was the place of its descent ; and the ghost of Jörgen Jorgen- son appeared in the neighbourhood at the same time. In a late number of the same journal we observe a paragraph giving an account of our New Chief Police Magistrate, Captain Burgess, who, the writer says, lost his leg at Waterloo, and when amputation took place, said to his servant, coolly smoking a pipe at the sane time, " John, what will the ladies think of me now?" The worthy and gallant captain arrived the other day by the Asiatic, and presented himself to Sir Eardley Wilmot with two legs, walking, for all the world, jus like any other christian, much to the amaxement of His Excellency, who exclaimed, " What I Burgess, you I walk as if you bad never lost your leg I" .* I do, sir," said the veteran, " but on such occasions as the present, I endeavour to put my best leg forward." " Very good," said Sir Eardley, "but really I cannot perceive thé différence, you use the one, to all appearance, as well m the other-you are made to appear in the Review, after the battle of Waterloo, with but one leg." "Ah,sir,|' rejoined the captain, " it is a new invention." " Dear me," said Sir Eardley, "how very odd, I must have some of the science people to account for this-it is quite a new principle." " An' it please your Excel- lency it is an exact copy from nature," quoth the captain. " And a very good one, too," observed the Governor. Maternal and Dorcas Society.-Weare requested to call the attention of our readers to the existence and operations of an unobtrusive but most useful society, formed in 1835, called the Hobart Town Maternal and Dorcas Society. The object of this society is not merely to provide for the wants of poor females in their time of peculiar necessity, but to aflbrd relief under a variety of circumstances of distress, when, on inquiry, the parties applying arc found to be deserving objects. In the pasl season, during a period of much distress, many families have been supplied with bread through the medium of the Dorcas Society ; and, in some cases of sickness, small sums of money have been allowed weekly. We might refer our readers to reports of the proceedings of the society which have been published ; but as we under- stand that, through the increased demands on their beneflcence, oiising from increase of population, the committee hare found their funds totally inadequate to the carrying out of their benevolent purpose, und as we feel assured that much permanent good to the com munity is likely to nrise from the praiseworthy exertions of our persevering ladies, we cheerfully respond to the wish which has been expressed, that we should give, through the medium of our columns, a degree of pro- minence to the labours of the "society, that its urgent claims may be more generally known and felt, and that it may receive more extensive support from the liberality of the public. We arc further requested to state that subscriptions and donations will be thankfully received at the Bank of Australasia, Macquarie-street, The " Psyche."-This vessel made a longer passage than usual, being 137 days on her voyage from London to this port. She had a very narrow escape from destruction, having, in latitude 42 ° 15' S.,and longitude 129 ° 27' E., been struck with lightning. It had pre- viously, during the night, been blowing a heavy gale of wind, accompanied with tremendous hail storms, in which the ice fell in large lumps. At 5 o'clock on Sunday morning the 10th September, the vessel was sud- denly struck, the wind and hail at the same time ceasing. The electric fluid entered the mainmast, carrying away, the .vane; it scooped a piece out of the' main-topmast, cutting in two every separate link of the main-topsuil sheets, which fell in pieces on the deck, and divided the' iron band of the mainmast, finally passing down into the main hold, where it burst some oil cans. The violence of the shock was so great as to break every pane of glass on board, unhinging the compasses, putting out the binnacle light, and knocking down the watch on deck. Much apprehension was created, especially when, directly after the noise occa- sioned by the shock, the fears of the passengers were increased by hearing the sharp cry of "turn up all hands"-" pass buckets aft." This arose from the sup- position that the ship was on fire, dense columns of smoke being seen to issue from the gun-room and half deck, which made it appear that the ship was burning, a catastrophe which, fortunately, proved not to be the case. It was a most providential circumstance that it was not the mizenmast which »as struck; hud this been the case, the destruction of the vessel would have been almost inevitable, as there was half a ton of gunpowder in the fore part of the bold. Sporting Intelligence.-We are indebted to an old correspondent, " A Lover of the Sport," for the full account of the buck hunt at Tunbridge on two days of last week with the Clarendon hounds. Nothing but an over-crowded state of our columns could induce us to postpone a communication of a writer whose en- thusiasm lor the sport, and taste for description, justly proclaim him the " Nimrod" of Tasmania. We are gratified to find the spirited and gentlemanly diversion continues lo be well encouraged. Clarendon Hounds.-On Thursday, the 21st ¡list., the sporting portion of the community in the Midland districts were all on the "qui vive," in consequence of the previously arranged enlargement of a two-year old buck, the very handsome and joint present of Messrs. J. Cox and J. Bisdee, before these hounds on the Salt Pan Plains and over the country, which, in the month of June, had been the scene of a brilliant day's sport Long before the appointed hour of the meet, horsemen of all grades, and from all quarters, were on the road shaping their course for Tunbridge; and by II o'clock the little Inn at that place was fairly besieged by men, carriages and horses. Ten o'clock was the hour named in the fixture, but an hour's law was extended to those who had to come from afar; and there were some choice spirits, " whose hearts were in the chase," that made light of some sixty or seventy miles to be present on this occasion. A better mounted field, and to the number of, at least, seventy, we venture to assert, has never been assembled in Australasia. In fact, many of the nags, cither as regarded their figure, capabilities, or condition, would not have been much out of place at a cover side i n the old country. All appeared to augur well for sport, and many were the anticipations of a second edition of the 22nd of June. The ground was in prime order and firm ; country first-rate and open ; houuds said to be up to the mark; men and horses " eager for Ihc fray ;" and the buck, whose health had long been fondly attended to for this day, was supposed to be a "Nonpareil." Soon after II o'clock, the cart, with its precious burthen, was drawn to the spot selected for the enlargement, and the buck-amidst the eager uioks of men, and the half- commiserating glances of several lovely specimens of the softer sex-bounded from it at a pace that intimated to the field the high value he set on his liberty. The hounds were not laid on for upwards of fifteen minutes, which, in our humble opinion, is a " lee! le " too much law on almost all occasions in this country. It was quite clear from what followed that such was the case on this day. The pack was a considerable time before they could get on com- fortable terms with him, and for the first mile there was little or no scent ; it then improved slightly, and after a sharp burst over a stiff flinty hill beyond Ballocbylc of about two miles, we had the felicity of finding that the hounds had divided, and the main body of them on the right line had come to a check. Fully five minutes elapsed before they could hil it off again, under all the adversity of a dry south wind. From this time, al- though the buck was several times viewed, as the day advanced the scent deteriorated, the pack being unable to hold it for more than a few hundred yaids before they threw up their heads again. They were eventually, about two o'clock, compelled to leave him in a latge paddock near Mr. Lackey's mills. The result of the day's sport was, on the whole, unsatisfactory ; still it is some pleasure to feel that the pack did all that hounds, under such adverse circumstances, could have done. They were, moreover, to add to their other difficulties, once or twice most cruelly pressed on and mobbed by some of the more eager of the field. A stiff bull-finch, or the Whissendine brook after a flood (if we could but have imported from the old country these never-failing stoppers to impetuous Nimrods and their fiery steeds,) would have materially assisted the hounds on this day. They were ably hunted by Mr. J. Lord. On the follow- ing day about thirty of the keenest of the sportsmen, having resolved to try their fortune once more with the buck, met at Tunbridge, and proceeded to the paddock, where the bounds were supposed to have left him on the previous day. The moment they crossed the fence, the K position of their heads and sterns proclaimed to the de- lighted field that he was not far off, and after trying the paddock well for nearly half-an-hour, the hounds repeat- edly giving incontrovertible symptoms of lils presence, we witnessed as beautiful a find as could possibly be con- ceived, the buck going away about ISO yards in front of the pack, all well together, and at a pace about which there was no mistake. He ran several rings round and about the paddock, but showed every disinclination to iquit it. The pack again, as yesterday, owing to the scent being cold, divided. This circumstance, together with the rain which was pouring down in torrents, and the wind which, by this time, had increased almost to a hurricane, marred the sport for the day. We hope, on a future occasion, to be able to settle our scores with the buck, as he will not, in all probability, for the present shift his quarters. A Lover of tue Sport. We beg to thank the Launceston Teetotal Advocate and Advertiser tot the correctness with which they copy paragraphs from the Courier; we should comprehend the favour more accurately would they indulge us with the usual courtesy of acknowledging the source of information, when derived from this journal. 