MYSTERIOUS OCCURRENCE. D'iring the past week "Jack's Biae"and neighbourhood have been in a stale of considerable excitemenl, in consequence of the following succession of painful circumstances :—About three weeks ago, a girl, of eleven years of age, of the name of Moore, whose parents reside in that locality, on her way (o Spring Garden Works, bi t ween five and six o'clock in the morning, accompanied by her sisler, a girl of thirteen years of age, and while going down the brae at tlienoriliwosi side of Giiromston Brewery, saw what she terms " the man without a head," stan.ling by the way-side, near the Bicwery; and upon seeing which she sprang, from fright into the burn wliieli runs alongside the road. Her sister likewise saw the appaiition, but was not timch frightened. The girl was unable to proceed to her work,and returned home, where she remained a few days, when she al length so far recovered as to be able to attend the mill. It was, however, observed that her look was considerably changed, and she was heard to give some strange sighs at times. On the forenoon of Friday week, she found herself unable to work, and consequently left the mill, and -proceeded home. Passingalotig John street, she says the apparition came again into her mind, she was frightened at the thought of passing Gilcomston, although in broad daylight, and ultimately lell into such a state thai she dropped down upon the street. Several people obseiving her, went to her assistance, and carried lier home, where she si ill lies in a most deplorable slate, having been seized with a most violent sort of fits, with only a short time intervening between lliesn. On Mond»v last, her sisler was likewise seized. She came home from the factory, took her supper, and went to bed well enough, and soon after sprang out ot the bed into the floor, on her hands and knees, exclaiming, " Noo, milher, I'm as ill's Bell." She has been in a most deplo Table stale ever since, at limes requiring three men to hold her. Both girls seem to have a strong inclination to catch hold of everything that comes near them with their tecih; one of them bit the side out of a wooden cog, the other day, while getting a drink out of it.. They both say that the sight of (his said apparition was nothing uncommon lo them. Tlicy had seen il often before, were sometimes afraid and sometimes not, and that it usually had on a white cap, but the last they saw it, it wanted the head, and which so frightened the younger girl. Other girls in lliat neighbourhood, and at present in good health, also say that they have frequently seen the headless monster ; they have done so occasionally for the last two or three years—that they were become quite familiar with il, and thought no more of it than the black spout beside which it stood—and that it was sometimes in a sitting and sometimes in a standing posture. But here the catalogue of misfortune does not end. A person ol the name of M'Kenzic, a grown-up-man, was seized in the same manner on Wednesday evening; an aunt of the two girls' Moore, was also seized on Wednesday; the aunt's sister-in-law has been seized likewise, together with a boy, a brother's son of hers. The ghost story should be looked into. It must either be a phantom of tlie girls' imaginations, or it .must be some person intent upon frightening them. The latter is not at all unlikely as ihcy say it was always during the winter that they saw the figure.—Aberdeen Sannir.—[Some of the good folks near Gilcomston have lately been so frightened out of their wits by a ghost, which, it seems, haunts that neighbourhood. Curious stories are told about thiscthereal sprite; and, were we disposed to treat the matter seriously, we might find it in some striking proofs of the existence of a superstitious feeling which ill accords with the boasted enlightmcnt of the- present age. The ghost, it seems, is nothing else than an upright wa'er pipe attached- to one of the buildings, which, in frosty weather, has to be wound round with straw. This is what constitutes the ghost, which, as a matter of course, disappears during a thaw.—Aberdeen I/r.ra/d ] ? ? 