SUPREME COURT. - PRISONERS ON TRIAL. The following prisoners have been warned for trial during the sitting of the Central Criminal Court, which will be opened on Mon day next:- William F. Poulston, free by servitude, committed by S. North, Esq., at Windsor, on the 29th August, on a charge of horse stealing. Michael Moore, free by servitude, com- mitted by J. R. Brenan, Esq., on the 22nd August, at Sydney, on a charge of murder. John Reilly, free by servitude, committed by J. Stirling, Esq., on the 23rd of June, at Sydney, on a charge of horse-stealing. John Thorpe, free by servitude, and Wil liam Williams, bom in the colony, committed by J. R. Brenan, Esq., on the 26th of June, at Sydney, on a charge of horse-stealing. , John Fox, came free, committed by J. Stir Iing, Esq., Sydney, on the 22nd of June, on a charge of forgery. Thomas Smith, bond, John Neil, bond, and Peter Crane, free by servitude, committed by J Macarthur, Esq., on the 11th of August, at Camden, on a charge of housebreaking. Solomon Bowerman, born in the colony, and George Bowerman, born in the colony, committed by G. Elliott, Esq , on the 8th of August, at Parramatta, on a charge of steal ing a heifer. James Cochrane, free by servitude, com mitted by C. Windeyer, Esq., on the 6th of September, at Sydney, on a charge of horse stealing. James Preece, came free (from Hobart Town lo Port Phillip), committed by S. North, Esq., on th». 22nd August, at Wind- sor, on a charge of forgery. Charles Allen, ticket-of-leave holder, com mitted by S. Moore, Esq., on the 5th Septem ber at Liverpool, on a charge of highway robbery. Donald Kennedy, born in the colony, and Duncan Kennedy, born in the colony, com- mitted by R. C. Lethbridge, Esq., on the 22nd August, at Penrith, on a charge of shooting at a constable with intent to do him some bodily injury. Thomas Hunt bond, committed by S. Moore, Esq., on the 9th September, at Liver pool, on a charge of rape. George Walters, ticket-of-leave holder, committed by W Oldrey Esq n the 13th September, at Broulee, on a charge of receiv ing stolen property. Patrick Murphy free by servitude, com mitted by W.Oldrey, Esq., on the 13th Sep tember, at Broulee, on a charge of cattle Stealing. David Reid Shearer, came free, committed by C. Windeyer, Esq., on the 16th Septem ber,at Sidney, on a charge of arson, Thomas Coss, bom in the colony, com mitted by Charles Windeyer, Esq , on the 1st September, at Sydney, on a charge of forgery. ' Christopher Seaton, caine free to the colony, committed by Captain Plunkett, on the 25th July, at Wollongong, on a charge of robbery. Besides these there are several others out on bail, who have leceived warning for trial, but whose names we have not been ablo to ascertain WOOLLOOMOOLOO GAOL.-State of Her Ma Ä. i6"?1 at Wo°lln°'«°°l°°, on the ¿nth September, l8*« :-Fot trial, 'fil malea ; 7iemaler. For transportation, 4-males. Wait- ui J'r ma,!ea! » {em,da- Confinées, 27 males; 38 females. Labour, 40 males 2 emales. »orexamination, 2 male*, Males 1 13S. Females, iS. Total, 1st. jj SpceiAt, SESSIONS.-yesterday, a snecial meeting of the Licensing Maltrates ook place at the Police Office, «hi^thefollow in* plications fl;r trBIlrf"', ZJVmlil \ The Seaain Engine, George-street South SI near Ultimo Gate, from john Marlin, & it^T8',11'' ^ok«d Billet, G" gc street North, from the trustees of Vernon Puzey, to Israel Solomon. The Williiam the Fourth, to Messrs. Evans and Long, trustees to John Blackwell. The Brown Bear, George Street, North, from Edward Chambers, to Mrs Cole. THE MAYOR - The follnuing notification appears in yesterday's Government Gazette " At a meeting of the Council ol the eil) of Sydney, held ni the lown Hall, \ork slieet, on Mondn), the 2jlh September lnitnnt, fames Robert Wilshire, Tsq Alderman lor Macquarie Ward, was du]} elected MHV or of the cit), in the room of John Ilnskirg, Lsq , icsigned And Denn Micd>.rnotr, Tsq , one of the Councillois for Micquniie Ward, was duly elected Aldeunan for Bouike Ward, in the room of lohn Hosl ing, Esq , resigned ihe following notification also appears in the same Gazelle " At n meeting of the Council of the cit) of Sydney, held in the lown Hall York street, on the fith day of March 1 ist, 1 dvnrd I lood, Esq , one of the Councillors for Phillip Ward was duly elected Alderman for Gipps Ward, in the room of Robert On en, Esq , re Svvon OF Ati«Ta\LiA -His Txcc'leticy the Governor has recen ed the following Despatch from the Right Honorable the Secretar) of State for tho Colonies acknowledging ihe receipt of an address to the Queen, from tho Modcratoi and Suiod of Australia -"Down- ing street, 16th \pnl, 1813 Sir,-I have to acknowledge the receipt of your Dispatch, No l18, of the 23rd of October lnst, forward ing n loyal address of congratulation from the Moderator and Synod of Aiibtrahn, on Her Mniesty s escnpe fiom ihe attempt which was made on Her Miijeslv s life, in the mouth if Ma), 1812 Having had the honour of Inyu t this address befoie the Queen Hei Majesty has commanded me to du cet, that you would express to the Moderator and Synod the satis faction winch her MJJ si) bus experienced at receiving that address I have, ¿le, SrANiLY lo Governor Sir George Gipps, clc COLONIAL Putas -With the present quarter two of our colonial papers have ceased to exist Ihe ¡eelniallci ¿ave up the ghost on Wednesday consideiiug what a numerous bod) of leetotalleis there are in the colony, it does not reflect much credit upon tlipm, that they lnvo allowed the on)} paper de voted to the advocac) of those punciple« which they consiuer so highly impoitnnt, lo fall to the giound for want of suppoit Hie Colonial übten ei will be pubhbhed for the last timo this morning there has been a great dpnl of ability displn)ed in this paper at diffeient times, but as every thing has been mnde subservient to the peisonul views of the conductors of it, its fall does not cause us much surpnse As one passes from, another enters on, the stage of existence , the pieparatory note of a weeklv paper to be called the Sydney Record having been sounded in the Oivrif», with u piomise of a prospectus on in earlv day DISTRICT COUNCILS-His Lxcelioflcy the Governor has notified that the following officers have been appointed a Board to examine and report on the quafificition c f candidates for the appointment of Snrve) or to any Distuct Council under the 4Ul clause of the Act of PatlianiPiit, 5 and G Victoria c 7f), vi? Prei deni- Sir Thomas L Mitchell, Knight, Surveyor GctiPinl Member? Samuel Augustus Perry Lsq , Deputy Sur- veyor-General, nnd Mortimer William Lewis, Lsq , Coloni ii Architect SCONT DISTRICT COUNCIL -A special ge- neral meeting of the District Council of Scone and Murrurundi, will be held at the Court House, Scone on lucsila), the 11th October, next, under the authority of the Charter for establishing the District Council of Scone and Muriurundi, fir the purpose of determining the place of meeting for ihe despatch of business the appointment nijd gnlnnes of District Ofhcers, and the formation of rules and retnilations tor conducting the oidmary business of the Council COURT or EQUITV -This Court was opened yesterday before His Honor Ihe Chief lustice hut as there was no business to be duposedof it was immediately adjourned to Tuesday next CoimT or CLAIMS -The Commissioners will investigate the following Claims to Lands and Town Allotments for Deeds of Grant, on Monday, the lfilh Octobei, and following dn)s, at olev cn'o clock, -1208 Archibald Mossman, ofb)dnc), merchant 1200 James 1 bomas Bell, of Belmont 1210 Tolinl Ui»on, of Parramatta, cauter, solicitoi, Mi A Hiy w ard Such cases as were postponed at the last [ sitting aie also appointed to be heard nt the present one i ACT DISAILOWFB-We perceive bv a pio clamntion in yestoidny s Got eminent Gazette, that Hu Excellency the Governor has re- ceived a dcopntch from the Right Honorable Lord Stonie), of date Uth April, 18M, inti- mating Her Mi)esty s disallowance of the " Act further to amend nn Act, intituled ' An Act for the better Preservation of the Ports, Haibours, Havens, RoadsteadB, Chan I nels, N uigable Ciceks, and Riveis, in Now South Wales, und the bettci Regulation of i Shipping in tlic -arno ' QuAKVNn\n -IIisLxcellency the Govenor has duectcd it to be notified that the Right Honoinblc the Secretaiy of Stole for the Colonies has intimated, in a Despatch, under date the 11th April, 1813, that her Majesty has been graciously pleased to approve ana confirm the tallow tug- Act, passed by the Goiernoi and Legislative Council, m the fifth year of Her Mojest) s reign, vi? -"An Act to amend nn Acr, intituled ' An Act for sttb jerttnt/ 1 cssels coming to New So tit Hales fiom certain placet, lo the performance of Quat antmc. t TICKETS OF LEAVE CANCELLED -The fol- lowing pi isoners of Ihe Crown have had their tickets of leave cancelled for the reasons affixed to their respective names -William Brakell, peri Prince Regent 4, for cattle steal- ing, Goulburn Bench Mary Ann Collins, perJohn Renwick for an assault and being absent from service, Hyde Park Barrack Court William Foster, per Elizabeth 3, being unable to support himself, Newcastle Bench Catherine Keen, per Lady David- son, for highly improper conduct, Hyde Park Barrack Court Margaret Martin, per Planter, for drunkenness, Penrith Bench Ann Max well, per Pyramus, for disordeily conduct, Liverpool Bench William thompson, per Speke 2, being unable to pay Hospital fees, Colonial Sccretaiy's Letter. Edward Weavill per Bengal Merchant, for drunl enness and staling himself fiee, Hyde Park Barrack Court Poner CounT BUSINESS-This Court ra» adjourned on thursday jfternoon, by Mi Brenan, to open agnin nt len o clock, jester day (Triday), but was opened bv the Ma)or, at half past nine, vvhen the drunkards hsf, containing two cases, was cleared offby e ich of the defendants being ordered to pay 11s, or go to the mill for twelve hours Ihe fol- lowing cases on the general list were also dis- posed of -Edward Linton, for stealing a parasol, winch he alleged he had taken from thepiosecutor in a lark, remanded for f luther enquiry, James Morrison, for an assault, bound to the peace, himself in ?10, and two suielici in £o each Wm Beard, foi an as snult, was ordered to pa) 10» , or go seven diys to gaol Thomas Robinson, for giv mg a forged note for £1 to ho utteied remanded Bridget Doogan, di mik and suspected of stealing, îe mandecl Catherine Booby, on suspicion of having stolen a bundle of clothes found in her possession in the vicinity of the Cattle Market, about 11 o'clock on I hm sday night, discharged, having proved the same to be hero« n property Margaret Williams, Mary Ann Williams, and Margaret Connelly on suspicion of robbing Willliam Smith of fiom 18s to 20s in silver, and Isabel Thomas, with bung an accessory in the same transaction all remanded The cases of James Mountjoy, Henry OBrien, George Mitchell, William Jackson, John Lentwaith, and Thomas Jones, being all cases pieviously initiated before Mr Brenan, vvcie again remanded, Mr B being engiged in the licensing meeting lill I lit past three o clock i 1 ho Court, willoh had been adjourned for an ' hour at fifteen minutes lo one, wns re opened at hilf past ihrce, in older that tho summons list might be disposed ol, when Mr Windeyer mid J)r Mitchell sat in tho eastern room, while Messrs Brenan and Campbell ¡>at in the other Hie list was gone thiotigh as fellows,-Ldn ard Living v William Si np son for per! ii), alleged to have been com- mitted in the Court ot Requests, respecting the sale of a cow, odjourrcd till Monda) fee fiulher e>idence, \Vrij,hl i Barnek f ir non cr npli^nce withauordei of the Bench to ¿ne a certain s nu vee'tly to maintain his lllegili mate child, iiust )oned till Tuesday , anotl er case of the same description was setiled out ol'Court, John Smith, against a man named Ifoopei far fitnij; at and wounding a co v, committed for trial but allowed butlt himself m £40, and two studies in £Jj cacti , IJ re Goulburn LII13 i Gavin Illiston, for an as bdjlt, d allowed ball, hil self n £10, and two sure- ties in £20 each, Redman v Thornton, for an assou't, settled by paj ment of costs , mid M'Laughlan v Thornton, settled out of Court rj.e"1 were alsosivrosea for breaches "r the Bjliluinj; Act, fv/orf winch were dis- eased, three ;»ld 5s' »«Jl ?" one poid 5s. with li» costs. 4 Tur WrATHPn -The very suddenly, up to Sunday last we lind 0 ni showtry vveather, but sinec then it has been getting gradually walmer, and on lluir" daj and yesterdaj it was ver) hot, and the streets as usual unpleasantly dust) We shall be an ions to hear hovvthc crops which bade fin to be go ettrctiely abtmdint, stand the transition from spring to summer Sheep sheaiing w11 be commenced on Monday in the northern distnet, and there is ever) ai pearance of fi íe vveathei for conducting the operation 1 very watei hole is full every creek running ov cr and thero is ev ery facility foi gel ting up the wool in a most superior man nor, which we trust will be done 1 HE v\ ici EDNEss or MANKIND -We under- stand that when the men were detected in the vet of removing spirits on vv hieb the dut) had not been pan', from Cooper s Distiller), that Mr Cooper was quite bonified at the fact, and assmed Captain Browne thal he did not believe there was so much ' wicked willany in maul ind We have no doubt thal Mr Coopei s unsophisticated nature must have been very much shocked at so ti llooked for an occurrence Inn Tour-En NOTES-Mr Peaice the acting Chief Constable, succeeded on I burs day evening in securing, at the Albion Hotel, George street, during the sittings of the Odd Tallows lodge there, an engraver named 1 bomas Robinson, who has since been iden- tified by the bo) M'Clutchm as the man who sent lum into the Lighthouse I s vein in | the beginning of the wee) with a JCI note, to I get a gill of rum and bring back the change ' Ir m what lianspired at the Police Couit vcslerlj), it M peared that Ribinstn oui lhnisday evei ing pieked up another boy, I named Jennings, in Castlereagh street, and j tent him as he had done M'Clutchm,-with a note and a bottle to the I-dinbnrch Castle, to get a gill of rum and the change The boy w cut when the lorgery was discovered he was taken to his lather v hen he stated that he 1 new the man who gave linn the note Ro binson was soon aftei fcrretted out, and the bo) on seeing 1 im immediately lecognised lum Before the assistance of the police i could bp obtained the furber had contrived i to leave his residence and repair to the Odd | Fellows Hall, from which, by a little ma nceuvring, he was drawn, and immediately ¡ taken into custodj I bete is a third boy I named Flag, who has corroborated the testi- mony of Jennings rho case will again come on for hearing this morning Si FAUNO A Bim E -Between 8 and 9 o clock | on Thursday evening, a character well known about the city, and at the Benevolent Asj lum, os Jack Rjaii, enteicd the Baptist Chapel, Bathurst stiee-t, mid humbly took his Bent . During the sei vice, n respeetable man name Ciaig, handed lijan a Bible, which the latter dech ed to use, os ben g punted in too small type for his e)es Soon after, Rvan was observed to pljce the Bible under his jacket at d walk off with it On ben g followed and searched, the book was found where Mr C aig saw him conceal it 1 he prisoner in defence alleged bathe had merelj borrowed the book and was to return it in the morning He was remanded till to da) ANOTHER Bunc-LAny-About nine o clock on the night of thursday last, the house ol J lone«, boatbuilder, residing m Kent street North was forcibly broken into, and ubout £\i in silver abstiacted from a drawer to- gether with srme s Iver teaspoons, acnnple of silk di esses, and several other nrticlcs Hie lock of the drawer appears to have been opennd either by means of a kej or n pick- lock | ANOTHER ATTEMIT AT IIIMIV/AY ROBIIFRV -About eleven, r M , on ibuibda), as Mi Beatson, residing at the Surry Hills, was pro- ceeding towards Ins lu mo, be was suddenly pounced upon by two men, who Knocked linn down, kicked and struck lum, but hearing the aound of some persons approaching, the ma- rauders immediately decamped I 