To the Editor of the ' Inquirer' Sir, — As my old opponent "Flint" has taken to exhibiting himself in your pages, I trust you will allow me a fair field and no favour to meet him there, as I do everywhere else; since it is known that, though I get some hard knocks, I have, ever since the world begun, "taken the shine out of him." He has commenced an at- tack upon my respected employers the General Road Trust; and although I confess they make more use of Messrs. Wood, Clay, and Stone, than of myself, yet they generally give me the places of highest trust; I feel it therefore my duty to take their part. Flint is very zealous for the appointment of an engineer and surveyor to the Trust. Whether he himself seeks the office, I know not; but if they knew him as well as I do, they would be cautious how they employed a person so hard to manage. Did it ever occur to Flint to inquire whether we had not at one time an Engineer? and whe- ther our most, ill-planned, ill-placed, and expen- sive public works were not the offsprings of his genius? Who designed and superintended our Government House — a perfect paragon of ugli ness and defects? or the Court-house? or the Causeway across the Flats? Did he ever see the original plan of the latter ? If not, let him imagine the first bridge thereof multiplied, with its dangerous, useless, and uncouth ascent and descent; and let him, to illustrate the "waste," imagine a little neat estimate of £1,400 beyond what it has now been done for. He will appre- ciate the loss we have sustained by want of an engineer. I shall follow him throughout his several instances. The causeway across the Flats. There can be no doubt that it is in the wrong place ; but who put it there ? An Engineer. But where does Flint want it ? As a communication between the wind and steam mills? If he does not want it there (where, by the way, no money or skill could execute it, and where it would serve no purpose but the one), he should say where he means. Did he ever look at the map? If so, he must have seen that the line from the Cause- way to Government Offices at Perth would go best across the present causeway. He forgets that the Canning flows west, and that therefore a line from the settlements must cross the Swan much east of the mouth. Then only imagine (what must always be the great traffic) the Swan, York, Toodyay, and Helena folks wind- ing round two long miles of sand or swamp to Point Belches, and a mile and a half back again to Market-square!! To the Canning and Mur ray-men the precise crossing-place is of little moment; the question being of the base , of a triangle of which their line forms one of the long sides. In fact, the more eastward they cross the Swan, the shorter their road so far; the only matter of moment being the distance from that crossing to the centre of Perth. It is pretty generally acknowledged that the crossing ought to have been effected at what is called "Brown's landing- place," above the new canal ; and if the main lines of Perth had been laid from Mount Eliaa to that Point, a great saving of distance, expense, and inconvenience, would have been effected ; while the causeway would have been done for less than one of its bridges has now cost. But a few facts, since Flint has raked up the matter, about that causeway. Originally it was designed by the Engineer for its present place, and with two bridges like the one next Perth; but the second double the length. Bridge No. 1 was executed. The parties who after- wards took the most active part in carrying out the work, then for the first time obtaining a voice in the Trust, laid before it the absurdity of the design of the bridge, and the impropriety of the position ; stating their deliberate conviction, from examination and calculation, that it would not only be more useful, but more economical, to abandon that bridge, and burn it down, and construct a causeway, and short, narrow draw- bridge, at "Brown's landing-place"; the line running across Burswood point and over the old canal. No motive almost but the shame of leaving the cameleopard bridge as a monument of folly, prevented the adoption of this plan. The cameleopard had cost between 700l. and 800l., and was as yet cooling himself in midstream, unapproachable by man or beast. His length from head to tail was one-third less than the second bridge, the execution of which is much superior, and which, with above half a mile of causeway 6 yards wide, has only cost one-eight more!! They succeeded, after one of those inte- resting scenes in which all who endeavour gia- tuitously to further the public good are assailed by every ungentlemanly insinuation of interested motives, in so far altering the plan as to have the second bridge made level, and suited for a drawbridge, so as to be safe for cattle and vehi- cles in wet weather ; and also in curtailing its length one-third. So far for the causeway. 2nd. The new road to Guildford. Why was it undertaken? From the universal abhorrence ot the old road invented in the days of survey- ors! And why is a portion, as Flint says, "un- der water" — that is to say, under about ¼ of an inch of water? Because it was ill laid out! No, truly, for it is confessedly well laid out; but for want of a sum of 10l. to run a one spit drain along to take the rain off, and two or three little 7-inch pipes across. Do this, which was part of the original plan, and it will be the best road within 20 miles of Perth. Flint, is greatly mis- taken if he imagines "the projectors of this valuable work" will "shift the blame;" for there is no blame to be shifted. The work is unfinished for want of funds; and is it not proved, by the traffic on it, to be better than none? or than his surveyors' achievement ou the other side? But his invaluable "engineer would have avoided this." Doubtless he would, thus : — "Gentle- men, my reputation is at stake. If I do it, it must be well done. It cannot be executed pro- perly under 300/. ; with all the requisite and scientific; levelling, banking, tunnelling, and ditching, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; ; and I would re- quire a trifle, say 50/., to commence marking it out." Now it has only cost 50/. altogether, and 10/. more would make it complete. So far for the Guildford road. The Perth Church. The cost teas counted, and the church will be finished ; but the unex- pected impoverishment of the colony has prevented the colonists from giving the requisite subscriptions. But here was a responsible per- son — the ' Superintendent;' and if Flint wishes to "blow him up," let him try, and we shall probably see "the engineer hoist with his own petard." The Murray bridge, "Not knowing, can't say ;" but as Flint is so cruel savage, I beg to suggest to him to enter into a few details, and draw Mr. Singleton upon his ears, if he dare. The Canning dam. No doubt the work of some illustrious engineer; which has of course been now demonstrated to be useless, or else the people knowing most about it would not have pulled it down. At one moment we imagine Flint's rage to he hydrophobic, for he bellows against the presence of water on one road, but anon the fit changes, and, in the thirsty state, he rages against its ab- sence on another. Will he tell us whether, by any other line, not 20 miles longer, springs would have been obtained? But this is really a silly objection, for the salary of the engineer would sink good wells on every 10 miles of road in the colony. As to the Murray bridge, it seems probable that no really good line can be made with our funds; and therefore we are obliged to take one line for summer, and another for winter, No doubt money and an engineer would achieve a road. When he was a little slobbering boy, squalling for something he could not got, per- haps the old nurse told him that "money and a hackney coach would carry him to London." The Helena bridge. Does the man know what he is writing of? The old bridge is the shortest line to Devenish's — the new will lead direct to Jones' and the church through the centre of the town ; not skirting the edge of it. Is he aware that every endeavour was made to re- pair the old bridge, and that the result was that it would cost more to mend if than make the new? Does he know that the materials were found not even to pay for removal? To Jones' grog- shop, which seems his "ultima Thule" of travelling, he will be saved little less than a mile by the new bridge : I hope this news will assuage his thirsty rage. The Leschenanlt line. (See Murray line.) The fact is, Sir, that there is some truth and much error in the observations of your corre- spondent. "It needs no ghost" to tell us that, with a corps of engineers and an unlimited credit with John Bull, we could, like the South Aus- tralians, make prodigious public works ; but he will be ingenious if he perpuade us that it were better to do without roads and bridges until we might get funds to execute them consistently with the credit of a professed engineer, rather than execute them indifferently, and not always as cheaply, or wisely, as we might do, it is true, but still much better than nothing. He seems also to forget, when he says "the Trustees know nothing of the necessity for a road in a particular district," that in our little community we are all pretty well acquainted with each other's farms and districts. His proposal is one very naturally and easily made; but I think he will, on reflection, see that it belongs, as any really efficient and pro- per management of the internal communications must, to a much larger and wealthier state of affairs. The very nature aud constitution of the Trust itself is so grossly imperfect, and unsuited to our territory, as only to be endured from the impossibility, with our thinly- scattered popula- tion, of substituting an efficient system . Flint is nevertheless mistaken in saying that "the inter- nal communication in the colony is a disgrace to us all." On the contrary, I think that it is rather matter of surprise how such a handful, so scattered and so surrounded and overwhelmed with difficulties, have effected so much; and I look upon this, applying as it does to almost all we see around us, as evidence of the essential wisdom and soundness of the principles of our first foundation; which, had they been continued and acted up to, would have enabled us long since to have had our local trusts, local engineers, and local taxation, with plenty of money to manage, and ample supply of skilful wen to manage it. Steel. 