HOUUiD M\JlU>liR. SU'IILMC Ciii'i'.i, TIT.SUJY, Senriam.it J'li- ( li^iiiv Sir ,hts. Voiding, Chiif Justier ) Mmliii lli-M'li and l.ucretiu Dmikli-y, iiulli of GuuHiiirn, ivnt indicted lor tint wilful murder of Henry Dutiklty, the liusbund of the leinule luisiiiH-r, ut Guuniug, oil the 13th Sitjilcuilwr, 1842. The farts of this revolting cuse will Us best txpluined by tlie evident*, before giving wlticli, it will lit only necessary to jircniiM;, tiiav llenry Ountli-y, the unfortunute victim ot one of tlie »it>«t ctutl tiiurdi-rs ever committed, wus u farmer ut Gontiirig, thirty miles frotn Goulburn, tlie jitisouprsbt the bar his wife and farm servant, between whom u criminal intimacy (itid existed tor some lime previous, which euded in lite horrible trug-edy dttuiltd in tite following evidence. Jane Vv illiams, alias Clark, was lite first witness examined, as follows :—1 am u widow living nmr Gunning, where ulso lletiry Uunkley lived, whom I knew; he was u man of suhstaRce, having horses, vntlle, und l.iud, and was- a mun about furly yeurs ol ase; 4 um servant 10 the people who look tt farm near Gunning, <iz , lletiry Clotk and James Fnrquliar; my cottage lies about fifty yards ftotn tlial of Dunkiey's; I know Beech, nlio lived at Dunkley's house, where lie cat at the same tuble, and slept in tlie stallion, logo from which to the skillion of Mr. and Mrs. Dunkley, it was only nccessary to go through a room which was used as a kind of a store; I lust saw Dunkley tlie evening before he was missing, wiieti they were all engaged cleaning wheat, except Fafquhar and Clark, Mr. and airs Dunkley included. Mr Dunkley left work ubout cutiset, saying iie would 1:0 and smoke liis pipe; nnd during his absence Mri Dunkley said llM " Dunk.'ey wus going to Gemma in the tnorni/iil to employ counsel (or Boucher, (that being iJuiiiig the assize-,) and that lie would free Boucher that time, but if ever he got into trouble «'4uin he would do no more lor him." Mrs DutiMi'y added that I might tell Clark and Scotch Jemmy ufit, but noiTotn Shepherd, but would not sny v> hy. Pit'scnlJy Dunkley returned und said lo me, if I would yet up rally in the morning, we iiiiaht run down Ilie rmimiiitler uf the wheat lay lirfukfusl lime; oil my promising to do which Jlirs Dunkley looked over to me, uud made motions n* much ns lo say llut Dunkley wus deceiving ine, and inteded logo 10 licrrima in the morning; tlie last time I saw Dunkley tiiut night lie wus standing ut his door with the prisoner Beech; Mrs. Dunkley jusl inside; 1 did not believe what Mrs Djnkley had said; i went to Led at the usual time und rose before i.'uylight to help witti the wheat; [found Mr. Duitkley's door shut; lit had promised to be up, and was a very early riser; alter I Imd brought list third bucket of milk, the door of the house was open, and Sirs Dunkley standing in tile middln of the floor, clapping her hands, jumpini; as if rejoicing, and saying, " He's off! he's oil'!" I understood Jier lo mean that she was clad Dunkley had gone to lierritna; hut I s>aid " tt hy, woman, whose off?'' to which she replied, " Dut.kley's off 10 Uerrima;" I said "When?" to which ilie replied "At cockcrow this morning." , , .. . ,. . 1 I then suid, MV 1ml have you been about that , you ure draggled so V her goivn being tieurly wet up to her knets, und her shoes and stockings wet it: : and ' dirty "irty ; she said she had been to Mrs KnightV ! with six bushels of wheat; after I had break-j fasted I went again to Mts. Dunkley's where I ' found her and Bctch at breakfast; there wyfj ' nothing particular in Beoh's appearance; Mrs ; Dunkley afterwards came to my collage, and asked tne to lend her six pounds of buuer, and . , she would pay me when she got the money (ram MrsKuight for the wheal; I went to il.e daity for it, when the asktd me to lend her tweive pounds, as that would gel two bottles of rum ; which 1 did; they had been drinking thai .lay, but not at Ilie time that I had a glass of rum ... their place; and roni bliepherd wus sent lo Gun- , .ling, three miles ofl; mole than once, the last ! time he came back from Cunning he came into my house, and Sirs Dunkley and Beech came , down, when Tom sa aid, *• You are ai! donp, mas- ter is closc al hand, for I have seeu his iiorse < Nobby ;" upon »«ch Mrs. Dunkley said," No S t the Iiorse, which he did Deeding with him, ( and they returned with the horse, which had ! nothing on but a green hide rope round its neck, ii pon which Mrs. D. said, " Just as 1 said—. Dunkley told me he woulj go so far as Goul-. burn, and leave the horse at Simmon's, and j tukc the mail lro.11 there, as it would be cheaper ! than keeping the horse it. uerrnna ; and they must lave let the horse go, and lie lias come home.'' Nine duys after that, 1 remember lieeclt saying, " Ii-is nine -days since Dunkley went; and it is on tho ninth day thatdronned people come up;" but I had hcaid that baying before, and thought nothing of it. Kexlday she went to Cuulkurn in herown dray, with liecch ,-iud Tom Shepherd—a load of wheat being also in the dray. I asked her, if Mr. Dunkley should Come home, how he was to get in ? on which she suid, " Oh, there's no fear of his coming home; but if he dues lie knows the way." The two prisoners were constantly, together after Dunkley was missed; improper familiarities have often been observed between tl.em ; no one else slept in the house where they did; and (liey were always tipsy. I have heard Mrs. D. >ilify her husband—say she hated the sight of him, and ssk what use tl was to live with a man she htt ed. That was in Beech's presence- If ever I asked w^ere Mr. D. was, she would say, " Jn a corner of the house somewhere with his eyes closed." Mr. Dunkley was an active man, able to manage al! his own afl'airs, and was a kind husband, who lived on good tonus with his wife encept when they drank. When she came back from Goul- burn, it was in custody of Mulligan, the constable, The house, the rooms, ond the bed were then searched, and u spot of blood discovered on tbe bedtick, hrger than a shilling, and quite plain, but dry; a piece had been cut out of the bedtick also, and a piece of sacking put in, the sewing being that of a man. Sirs. D. is a very good needle-woman. She was asked to account for the spot of blood, and she said if they must know, il was Iter own blnod. We then all left the room; after which Mrs. Dunkley asked tne to bleep with her; which question she put again and again, but 1 did not answer; for I did not like lo refuse or agree. Mailyon, the CliiefConstable, and Clark, then put me up to a plan to ^o and sleep with her, aud some one else to f o us a ghost uud frighten her. I went 10 Jitr house and told her il was getting late, and she had belter go to bed: she refused, und I took n candle and went towards the room, but she slopped nie in the middle room, and said, " we will sleep here.'' I said I wanted to go to bed, but sb? insisted on the middle room, and she would lay close to the wall. When I found site would not go to bed, I went out, and she followed me: on which I said the moon shone bright, aud everything had gone to its proper rest, but her poor dear husband, nnd he was lifeless somewhere, and for CodV sake, if she knew anything about him, to tell. 1 told her our Saviour had promised, by true repentance, if our deeds were sius ever so evil, tbey would be forgiven. I told her they were going to put Beech in gaol, and would tell liim that she had confessed, and that then he would tell all about it, and that then she would be hanged. I told her? for God's sake, lo discharge her conscience, as the horrid crime of murder was never hid, neither in this world or the next. Sliejsaid if she told, they would then hang her *, but I told Iter no, she would be King's evidence. She then said she would tell all about it; but I got frightened then, and said I would send some one else to herr I ihen sent the chief constable (Mailyon) to her, and she showed him the mark on the wall where the blood had been washed off by Beech; the marks of pipe-clay on the head of the bed; tlie ground under the bed where tlie blood had been scraped away, as if with a knife, the floor being earthen; the blood on the curtain at the lop of the bed, which had spurted out from the wound, and which {leech had attempted to trash out; and the axe (with which Eeerfi had m uck her SiiiKhaud three tiim-s) with ilie marks of blood mill on it. Site also told Mallyou ihut Deecli had cut up the stirrup Jeaihers, had thrown the spurs in a water hole, had planted the saddle, and had taken the hurst; to the bush and tied him uji with u piece of green hide rope, 10 prevent il from being discovered that iit-r husband was not at Goulhurii by means of ihc hotsr. She was then tukeu 10 Yass by Mailyon, und on her way tlicie tlie said Beech had pal her husband's body in a sai-k and thrown him on the floor, saying, "There he is for you now: I have earned you dearly, and may face the pullgws for you." She added, thut BeecU had tlu'«ittii«l her with the same fute if she would not assist and huld the chamber utensil to catch 1 the blood. I was at the inc]ue3t, and knetv the body to be that of Mr. Dunkley ; 110 one who knew him uhre could douht it. 1'he prisoners were not present at the inquest. After the body had been washed ami laid out by me. Hum. the Chief Constable, asked Oeeclt if that was the body of Duuklcy ? Ho answered that it might be. lie then asked Beech 10 touch the body, but he refused; and llunt told him he had a good mind lo throw him on il. Mis Dunkley kiiciv tlie body of her husband, and asked hinj to&peak; if ever she hurt him, and she cried very much. The prisoners being informed that they were at liberty tu ask any questions they though! proper, the ftmale prisoner poured a torrent oi abuse on the witness, nnd made an attempt ul cross-examination, in which, however, there wa6 more tiolence than ingenuity. The following may be jtiven us specimens:—"Your soul is between hell nnd heaven." "That wotnun would hang Jesus Christ, let alone me."— Don't appeal to God, iic has nothing 10 do with you—the devil ha-got your tsoul this day, body,and bones." " I never murdered in my •life; but if<i could get at you, i would do it '.his blessed moment" The condui t of the female prisoner was altogether most hardened, depraved, and extraordinary; for, although on her trial for life, she hud tbe indecency, while standing in that awful situation, with her partner in guilt by her side, and tlie axe with which the deed was done, with the bloody garments of their victi.r, and the bed he lay on, spread out before their ryes, to laugh outright when allusions were made by the above and subsequent witnesses to their guilty familiarities. The conduct of the rattle prisoner was not marked by sn much levity, ulthoin.li he distinctly smiled several lim^s on similar allusions being made, and his ivlioie demeanor showed great indifference to the result. After hearing further evidence u- corroborative of the above, the court adjoorned at 9 o'clock, the jury being accommodated with upnrtments ill theconrt-house, und the case was 10 lie resumed ;y xi tiny. They were subseqi enlly found guilty, and sentenced to death. 