Although aware that a Journalist ought in general to avoid polemical controversy, yet there is so much of interest to the whole human race involved in the present schism in the Church of England, that from necessity we waive all objections to enter a little way upon the interminable field of ethics, or the wide range of theology, and proceed to notice the opi- nions advanced by the Puseyites. The following article, therefore, has for its object to lay down the leading doctrines of the party in the Church known as Tractarians or Puseyites. We daresay many of our readers hare been accustomed to hear Puseyism spoken of either as something horrible, or as something paltry and contemptible. At one period we regarded it as a supreme system of humbug, a sort of religious thimblerigism — something calculated to (out-Herod Animal-magnetism, Mesmer ism, Non-intrusionism, Encyclopaedism, Philanthropism, Socialism, or Rent and Repeal. Since we bestowed some atten- tion upon the various writings which bear upon the dogmas of the Tractarian School, we have,changed our opinion; we regard it now as a specious heresy, well calcu- lated to overthrow the Orthodox Church. The Tractarians hold that there is a Church. There is either a Church, or there must be a system of Latitudinarism, which they cannot believe to be according to sound theology- - '' Nor is this all ; from the earliest times, so early that there is no assignable origin to it short of the Apostles, definite system has existed in the Church both of faith and worship, and that in countries far disjoined from one another, and without any appearance, ' so far as we can detect, of the existence ; of any other system any where. Dis missing Lalitudinarism once for all, as untenable, and taking for granted that there is a system of Religion revealed in the Gospel, 1 come, as I have already stated, to one or other of two conclusions, either that it is not all in Scripture, hut part in tradition only, wiili the Roman ists— -or with the English Church, that though it is in tradition, yet that it can also he gathered from the communications of Scripture. We must submit to the indirectness of scripture, unless we think it wiser and better to become Romanists." — Tracts for the Times, No. 85, pages 01, 25, 26. - They hold that the True Church is between -the Church of England and the Church of Rome, and some of the party look forward to a union of the two. Tlrey hold the Apostolical succession, and the infallibility of the Church. They have no hope for such as are beyond the pale of the Church, and they regard the water snrinkled upon the children in bap tism, as efficacious ouly when so sprinkled by a clergyman of the Established Church. They hold that Scripture is not the fun damental rule of doctrine. " And that it (proof) is not found there seems to them proved by the simple fact, that all those who try to go by the Scriptures, only fall away from the Church and her doctrines. Thus, for instance, a person who denies the Apostolical succession of the ministry, ought, I conceive, if consistent, to deny the Godhead of the Holy Ghost, which is no where taught in Scripture." — Tracts for the Times, No. 85, pages 2 and 4. They deny the doctrine of justification through faith, and hold that good works and the observance of forms and ordi- nances constitute true religion. " How do we prove the doctrine of justification by faith only ? — it no where declared in Scripture. The prevailing notion of bringing forward the doctrine of the atone ment on all occasions, explicitly and pro minently, is evidently quite opposed to the teaching of Scripture." — Tracts for the Times, Nos 8O and 85. They hold that the Scripture is not oomplete, and, if put into men's hands, calculated to be of no service. " It is, then, far from self-evident that Scripture must contain all the revealed counsel of God; rather the probability lies the other way at first sight. He has inspired the Bible, yet men have written it. What ever else is true of it, this is true, — that we may speak of the history or mode of its composition, as truly as of other works, We may speak of its writers having an object in view — being influenced by cir cumstances— purposely omitting or intro ducing things." — Tracts of the Times, No. 86. They hold that the Church is feeble, and in a state of bondage " In spiritual chains and as teaching with the stammering lips of ambiguous formularies. That very prosperity and protection, has been, in tact, the captivity of the Church and of her members. Golden chains indeed, and such as might seem rather badges of honor and ornaments but still in fact chains of the spirit."— Tracts for the Times, Nos. 87 find 89. They hold that clergymen are bound to have Morning and Evening Prayers daily in the parish church. " That the duty itself is of importance, one might say of so much necessity, for the maintenance of true religion, that it would be no more than right to make some venture, and, if need he, patiently to suffer some discou- ragement and mortification, for the sake of performing it." — Tracts for the Times, No. 84. They do not recognise the Reformation, or, if they do, they consider it a half- and-half measure. " Now, although it may be matter of doubt whether the Re formation was in all respects what the name imports, or whether it were brought about in general by motives of repentance." "The Reformation was a limb badly set, and must he broken in order to be righted. To hate the Reformers and the Reforma- fion more and more." — Tracts of the Times and Froud's Remains. We have now gone over the minor he- resies taught in the Tracts of the Times, although there are other writings, which, written by Froud, Newman, Linwood, &c.;, teach doctrines more fatal than the above. We then come to the heresy for which Dr. Pusey was convicted of Popish heresy, and sentenced to two years' pro hibition from preaching within the Uni- versity of Oxford. In a late Sydney pa- per we find an extract from the Ipswich Express, which will lay clearly before the public the doctrine of the Tractarianans with regard to Transubstantiation. From the following extract it is evident that the Puceyite Church lay great stress upon outward forms and ceremonies : — Religious controversy is not strictly within the province of a political journalist; but at such a crisis as the present, when the existence of Protestantism in England is menaced— when the church, hitherto regarded as a Protestant church, and re- ceiving the funds of the state on the assumption, is really and truly "in danger," from the designs of men who would sub- ' vert the fundamental principles on which i it is based, we cannot refuse to express our opinions decidedly and distinctly on the subject. The Church of Rome believes in the real presence of the body and blood of Christ in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. So does Dr. Pusey. So far there is complete unqualified agreement between Oxford and Rome. They "unite "cordially in insisting that the body and blood of Christ are de facto present in the Eucharist on the altar table. The only difference between them is as to the manner in which they are j present; but as to the fact that the body and blood of Christ are immediately present in the elements of bread and wine the moment they are consecrated there is no disagreement whatever. Before we proceed to show that the doctrine of the real presence is plainly at variance with express authoritative de- clarations of the Church of England — con- trary to the intentions of its reformers, and opposed to the teaching of its most eminent divines— we wish to press upon the public the fact, that the Puseyite doc- trine is quite as much calculated to exalt the mystic character , and enhance the super- natural dignity of the Clcrgy as the Romish doctrine. If the words of consecration can indeed bring the very body and blood of Christ from heaven into any church or chapel in the land, the being authorised to employ them and exercise this power would be little short of a demigod! "You will honour us (the clergy) with a purer honour, as entrusted with the awful and mysterious gift ofmaking the bread and wine Christ's body and blood." — Oxford Tracts, No. 10. If it be true that there is a veritable presence of the body and blood of the Saviour in the Sacrament, therefore, as the Sacrament is administered at tha some time in our various parish churches, the body and blood of Christ can be in a thousand places at the same moment ; a doctrine which was indignantly denounced as a monstrous absurdity by the reformers, and which the Bishop Jewell, the author of the Apologv for the Church of England, a. p. 15G2, ' at Paul's -cross, in London, publicly challenged the Romanists to de fend by " any one sufficient sentence out of any old Catholic doctor or father,' or general council, or Holy Scripture, or any example in the Primitive Church, whereby it may clearly and plainly he proved during the first six hundred years." We have stated our belief that the doctrines of "the real presence" is expressly negatived by authoritative declarations of the Church of England and however it may hurt the "priestly" aspirationss of certain clcrgymen within her pale, who receive the wages of the state as Pro- testants, and (who yet sigh to assimilate this Protestant Church to the Church of Rome, we are prepared to prove it. The Church of England condemns, in the must pointed manner, the Romish doc trine of Transubstantiation, and corporal presence of Christ in the Sacrament, in Article XXVIII. :- " Transubstantiation (or the change of the substance of the bread and wine) in the Supper of the Lord cannot be proved by holy writ; but it is repugnant to the plain words of Scripture, overthroweth the nature of a Sacrament, and hath given occasion to many superstitions." Now it is obvious that if the Church meant to teach a corporal presence in the Sacrament in any manner different from the Roman notion here branded as un- scriptural, the fact would here have been expressed. But what follows the passage just quoted? "The body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten in the Supper, only after an heavenly and spiritual manner; (and the mean whereby the body of Christ is received and eaten in the Supper is faith." Having marked the extent to which the Puseyites agree with the Church of Rome, let us see how far they disagree. They both say that the body and blood of Christ are really present. Rome says that the bread and wine are actually changed into the flesh and blood. That every particle of them change their nature; and though they still look like bread and wine, that yet they are transubstantiated into flesh and blood that may be carefully pressed with the teeth. The Puseyites say" No ; the bread is not changed into flesh nor the wine into blood." The pro- perties and accidents of bread and wine remain after consecration. But as soon as the priest pronounces the formula, Christ's , body and blood become truly corpurally present in the bread and wine, under the veil of the element in some such way as fire is present present in a piece of red hot iron. The iron is still iron, but the fire is also present. It is therefore true that the Puseyites do not hold , transubstantiation; but they are next door to it. They preach consubstantiation, or the union of the Saviour's body with the sacramental elements— a doctrine quite as repugnant to Scripture, commonsense and the nature of a sacrament, as the other. The differ- ence between the two is too subtle for common apprehension. It might form a proper subject for the logomachy of school- men, but it approaches so near the more imposing doctrine of the Papacy, that if the latter were generally taught, the former, as an inevitable consequence, would be embraced. That we are not mistaken is pretty evident from the fact, that already the Puseyites are contending (see Tract 90) that the mass is not in itself condemned by the Articles, though it has always been understood that there could not be mass without transubstantiation— that tran- subsubstantiation was of necessity implied In the term mass. The general interest aroused by the proceedings in Oxford is our apology for this doctrinal discussion. We have en deavoured to state the case fairly and distinctly ; and if any one differs from the opinions we have given expression to, we shall be happy to afford him a fair hearing. (To be continued.) 