NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR. (From our various correspondents.) COMMISSION OF LUNACY. Berrima, December 2. This was a Commission appointed in the terms of the Act. to determine the state of mind of one Hannah Morley, as to her being sane or otherwise. After the commission had been read, which was in the usual form, and addressed to W. M. Manning, as Chief Commissioner, with Alfred Cheeke, Francis Allman, and John Nicholson, Esquires, all of whom were present. A panel of thirteen Jurymen who were in attendance were sworn, well and truly to try, and true verdict to give (in terms of the commission.) The Chief Commissioner briefly explained to the Jury the nature of the duties they were sworn to perform. Mr. G. R. Nichols, who appeared for the Commission, gave an outline of the case, and called Robert Marsden Cartwright, who being sworn deposed : I am a mem- ber of the Royal College of Surgeons, of London ; I have been eight years in prac- tice, namely—five in London, and three in this colony; I know Mrs. Hannah Morley ; at the request of her friends I have seen her several times for the purpose of ascertaining whether she is of sound mind ; at different in- tervals during the last four or five months about twenty times altogether; I have exa- mined her very particularly, and have no doubt at all of her being of unsound mind; this she showed particularly by expressing disgust of her family, stating her suspicions that they intended to destroy her, especially her son Joseph Morley ; she said she had as- certained by private individuals that he in- tended to murder her at a certain house, on a certain night, that he had placed four fingers of powder in the gun, that he paraded the house which was near Doyle's hotel, to watch his opportunity, but that owing to an alarm being given in the town, his purpose was de- feated. That on another occasion some of her family intended to take her life, and she con- cealed a hammer under a pillow, and said she would settle the person that was to come in. She spoke in most disrespectful terms of her daughters as if they were common prostitutes. On one occasion she told me, that her family, with the exception of one (I think her son Jo- seph) were not her own ; that the military in the town had been raised on her behalf, and were intended to bombard the town ; that she would take the first opportunity of throwing herself into the river ; she said so twice, while in melancholy moods. Also, that Doyle's gar- den was a complete cemetery; that her chil- dren and her son-in-law Doyle, had been the means of murdering a number of persons who were buried in the garden. I frequented the house and the family, to me they seemed to treat her with extreme kindness and affection. I have sought opportunities of enquiring from others as to the conduct of her family towards her, and the result has been to satisfy me of their good treatment of her. She herself has often spoken in good terms of the diet and clothing, except in restricting her in the use of drink. She has the appearance of one insane through the effects of drink ; she has spoken of her grand-daughter, Miss Petit, as a pro- stitute; I have made enquiries and made observations which satisfy me that these state- ments respecting her family are entirely un- founded. Cross-examined by T. Callaghan, Esq., Barrister-at-Law : I have been connected for two years with a Lunatic Asylum in England ; Mr. Doyle called me in, and I was informed of the probabilities of what she would state ; she knew me to be a medical man, but she did not know the object of my visits ; the general character of her mental composition is such, that if you can withdraw her from the subject of her family, she can be tolerably intelligent ; I think her insanity is the result of disorganisation, produced by the effects of past intoxication, not of present intemperance. I sat with her this morning for three quarters of an hour or an hour, and she pursued the same strain. Re-examined by Mr. Nichols : I think she is not a person that could be safely trusted with the management of property; she has told me herself that she has offered large rewards to persons to assist her in escaping; I think if she were at liberty and in the con- trol of property she would drink her senses away, and soon bring on delerium tremens. I am satisfied she was sober when the conversa- tions took place; her conduct was not feigned, but she was labouring under a settled delusion. At the request of the Chairman, Dr. Cartwright again examined Mrs. Morley and had a conversation with her, when she stated, amongst other things, that her son, or some of her family, intended to murder her for the sake of her property ; that she would not go into the garden lest they should put her into a hole and bury her; that she wanted to get away safe with her life, and had offered to give up all claim to her annuity; that before her husband's death her children had dragged him away and kept him away; that her son Joseph had knocked her down and kept his foot on her whilst her son Anthony and the Government men dragged her husband away, and afterwards carried him away in a cart. In reply to questions by Mr. Callaghan and the Chairman, the lunatic very loquaciously discoursed of all sorts of grievances and op- pressions as received by her from her family. She said " my son Anthony once tried to choke me with his handkerchief, which he twisted in this way ; Joe was present ; a wo- man fortunately saved my life; Joe and Anthony ran away ; they wanted to take my life for the sake of my property." George Brausby called by Mr. NICHOLS, deposed, I am a member of the Royal College of Surgeons ; I have been practising for two years in this colony, and a short time in Eng- land, principally at the hospitals; I have occasionally seen Mrs. Morley, and have conversed with her ; I should say she is not of sufficiently sound mind to take care of herself, she appears to be perfectly miserable, and in dread of all the people about her, as if they bad a design against her life, that one of her sons had threatened her life twice that they would put her where they had put plenty of others, in the garden. I have heard her, when particularly frantic, say that the things grew well in the garden where there were so many dead bodies buried —she said this on the occasion when she broke every thing in her room ; it was on the same occasion when she wrote on the wall, Hannah Morley murdered here for the sake of her properly. She also said, if she could got out she would throw herself into the river ; she has lucid intervals ; at times is as well as I am. I am not satisfied as to the cause of her insanity ; I should say she must have received some injury in the hand, or have been in the habit of drinking. Cross-examined by Mr. Callaghan : The first time I saw her, she appeared to require restraint, her violence was so great. I have heard her say, she would not go into the garden lest they should bury her in it. She fre- quently told me she would destroy herself. I think that even assuming she had been de- prived of her property and kept in restraint by her family, her conduct was that of a per- son of unsound mind. I think that she is of insane mind in other points than that about her family. I think she is not capable of managing herself or her own affairs ; I am quite satisfied of this from all I have seen of her, and of her conversation and manner. Dr. Allen called by Mr. Nichols, deposed : I have practised here as a medical man eight years, and have had opportunities of ob- serving Mrs. Morley's state of mind ; I have seen her probably every other day since she came here, four or five months ago ; she is not sane, being particularly under a delusion about her family, by whom she has been very kindly treated, who are all very well conducted persons ; I have known her deny that her daughters were hers altogether ; I consider her very unfit to manage herself or her property ; if she had property in her control she would make away with it. Mrs. Gertrude Frere, called by Mr. Nichols, deposed : I am the wife of a sergeant in the Mounted Police; I have known Mrs. Morley since she came to Berrima ; I have frequently seen and conversed with her, and from the way in which she expressed herself about her family, I could not believe her sane ; she told me Mrs. Doyle brought her up on purpose to poison her ; that Mrs. Gould, her daughter in Sydney, once attempted to drown her; I told her that her family were a credit to her, and that she ought to be contented ; she said her daughters were nothing but common pros- titutes on the streets, that E. Petit, niece of Mrs. Doyle, was also one, and kept the house for that purpose. Mrs. Morley here denied having said any- thing about Mrs. Doyle, Mrs. Gould, or any of her daughters, so as to cast any imputation on their character; she also denied having said anything against Miss Petit, or about the cause for which the house was kept by her. The witness went on to depose, I do believe Miss Petit is a very decent girl (to this state- ment Mrs. Morley audibly expressed her assent) ; Mrs. Morley always said she had seen a party, and had plenty to eat and drink ; she complained of being obliged to reside in Berrima, as there was not life enough in it for her. Morris Griffiths gave similar evidence to the preceding witnesses (when Mrs. Morley informed the Court that this witness wished to marry her), witness then deposed : I never wished to marry her ; I never had a word of the sort ; she is the last woman on earth I would wish to marry ; I thought her spirit so bad that I sent religious books to her, in order to make her have a better feeling towards her fa- mily ; she told me after of her son Anthony ill using her with a handkerchief; since then she has spoken well of him, and said he was her only child ; she spoke very ill of Joseph. At one time she spoke extremely ill of Mrs. Gould, and said she was not her daughter ; afterwards she asked me to write to Mrs. Gould for money, at which I was surprised. She ap- peared to be under the greatest apprehension from her family generally, but I think her being so was quite a delusion. Cross-examined by Mr. Callaghan : She complained bitterly of being kept in Berrima by her family. Mary Caufield, a servant in the employ of Mrs. Doyle, deposed : To living in the house for the last ten months; that Mrs. Morley had been about eight months in Berrima. She had told witness she (Mrs. Morley) had no children, at other times she (Mrs. Morley) said she had ; she said Mrs. Gould was not her daughter, and Joseph was not her son ; she had picked him up in a gutter and reared him ; that he once put a rope round her neck and fetched her from her own lamp through the verandah ; witness slept in next room to Mrs. Morley, when the latter used to be hol- laing out in the night so, that witness re- fused to sleep there, but Mrs. Doyle begged her to sleep there; one night Mrs. Morley jumped up, screamed, and said she saw her husband coming with a pitchfork to kill her, and afterwards said she was dreaming ; she said Betsy Petit and Mrs. Doyle were as bad as bad could be, but of the two Betsy was the worst ; once, when offended with the latter, she said if Betsy came into her room she would take her life, as all they could do to her would be to put her body in gaol; Mrs. Doyle always begged witness to give Mrs. Morley whatever she wanted, and to take care of her; if a glass of liquor would do her good, witness was to let her have it, but witness was not to let her have too much ; Mrs. Doyle was always ex- tremely kind to Mrs. Morley ; one night the latter said to witness—"I am going away with a bullock driver, but do not tell Mrs. Doyle or any body of it, do not be making mischief ;" she was at liberty to go out and in as she liked. This witness also corroborated the evidence given as to lunatic's hallucina- tions respecting the garden, and added, lu- natic had also alleged the tea had been sweetened many a time to poison her; sometimes she would not let witness into her room, and would only receive her meat through the window ; at one time she would be quite easy and rational, she would then change suddenly and talk very wickedly. One night, when screaming out, Mr. D. was called on to pacify her, when she told him she would not stop there to be killed by him like the others; he denied having killed any one ; she replied he had killed a great many, and she would not give him a character. Witness had frequently heard lunatic talking to herself, and had said she had hired people in Berrima to save her from being killed; that she would go and live in a hut and disgrace her family, and would go to Sydney to disgrace them, or else she would be the ruin of them ; from what witness had seen and heard from de- fendant, she was sure the latter was not in her right senses. Cross-examined : The lunatic came up in the mail with Mrs. Morley, jun. ; the former was then in pretty good spirits ; after being lodged in her bed-room, the lunatic refused to stop in it, because there were ghosts in it ; six days after arriving at Berrima, she had complained of being in Berrima. The lunatic here told a long story to the Court, alleging causes quite at variance with the evidence, as being those for which she wished to leave Berrima, and which this witness negatived on oath ; she had seen defendant tip- sey ; she used to take about two glasses in the day ; she had told her that she sold her clothes for liquor ; last Wednesday while sitting on a sofa, when a knife was lying under it, which witness filched up, on which defendant rose and went out, saying, " Mary, if you go and tell I had that knife to kill somebody, you will not tell a lie, as Betsy did about the hammer," Anthony Morley, son of the lunatic, proved that she was in the habit of praying he might break his neck ; once when he went into her room to see her, she was calm first, but soon broke out, telling him that he had been sent in to murder her, and sprang to leap out of the window ; he seized her and held her down, when her face got scratched, and some blood flowed, which she rubbed all over her face. Witness would sooner keep her than send her to a lunatic asylum; Mrs. Doyle had always treated her affectionately, and gave her whatever was good for her. The proceedings by the Com- mission had been initiated by the whole family ; his father was removed, at his own wish, from the lunatic, for fear he should be destroyed by her ; he afterwards lived with Mrs. Gould. Lunatic was welcome to £100 a year, and £500 if she wanted it. Similar evidence was given by Mr. Joseph Morley. After which, Mr. Callaghan addressed the Jury on be- half of the lunatic but called no witnesses. The Jury expressed themselves unanim- ously of opinion that Mrs. Hannah Morley was not of sufficiently sound mind to manage herself or her property, nor had she been so for at least several months past ; but that she enjoyed lucid intervals ; the cause of lunacy they knew not, nor were they informed us to her lands, &c;, nor who was her heir. 