STIGMATA. To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN.—The following account shows that attempts have formerly been made to impose on the credulity of the populace, or similar to that which the Roman Catholic Archbishop, Doctor Polding, affirms he has witnessed, and which he relates in a speech published in the Australasian Chronicle of the 11th instant, thus:— "The progress of this mighty work was also aided by the continual prayers of two persons, of whom they had probably heard, the two most holy persons at present in exist- ence, on whom the Lord had vouchsafed to place the stigmata or symbols of his most sacred passion. These holy individuals he had been happy enough to see, and although he had not heard them play audibly for the success of the work, inasmuch as they never speak, he was abundantly convinced that their continual mental prayer was for the progress of the work of salvation. Never shall he forget the feelings with which he had regarded the wonderful manifestation of Almighty son of which these blessed individuals ex- hibited. The marks upon their hands and feet, corresponding to the marks of the nails upon the hands and feet of the Blessed Saviour, were perfectly distinct, and the im- pression of the Crown of Thorns upon the forehead was as visible and perfect as if he had himself traced it there with a sharp in- strument. Every Friday throughout the year do these wounds pour forth blood, and the holy individuals who are distinguished by them have to bear the excruciating agonies, which they do with a degree of fortitude truly Christian." In the year 1509, at Bern, a similar imposi- tion was practised by the Dominicans, who, to support the credit of their order,— Resolved, at a chapter held at Vimpsen, in the year 1504, to have recourse to fictitious visions and dreams, in which the people at that time had an easy faith; and they determined to make Bern the scene of their operations. A person named Jetzer, who was extremely simple, and much inclined to austerities, and who had taken their habit as a day brother, was chosen as the instrument of the delusions they were con- triving. One of the four Dominicans, who had undertaken the management of this plot, conveyed himself secretly into Jetzer's cell, and about midnight appeared to him in a hirrid figure, surrounded with howling dogs, and seeming to blow fire from his nostrils, by the means of a box of combustibles which he held near his mouth. In this frightful form he approached Jetzer's bed, told him that he was the ghost of a Dominican, who had been killed at Paris, as a judgement of heaven for laying aside his monastic habit; that he was condemned to purgtory for this crime; adding, at the same time, that by his means he might be rescued from his misery, which was beyond expression. This story, accompanied with horrible cries and howlings, frightened poor Jetzer out of the little wits he had, and engaged him to pro- mise to do all that was in his power to deliver the Dominican from his torment. Upon this the imposter told him that nothing but the most extraordinary mor- tifications, such as the discipline of the whip performed during eight days by the whole monastery, and Jetzer's lying prostrate in the form of one crucified in the chapel during mass, could contribute to his deliverance. He added, that the performance of these mortifications would draw upon Jetzer the peculiar protection of the Blessed Virgin; and concluded by saying, that he would appear to him again, accompanied with two other spirits. Morning was no sooner come, than Jetzer gave an account of this apparition to the rest of the convent, who all unanimously advised him to undergo the discipline that was enjoined him, and every one con- sented to hear his share of the task proposed. The defended simpleton obeyed, and was admired as a saint by the multitudes that crowded about the convent; while the four friars that managed the imposture mag- nified, in the most pompous manner, the miracle of this apparition in their sermons, and in their discourses. The night after, the apparition was renewed with the addition of two imposters, dressed like devils, and Jetzer's faith was augmented by hearing from the spectre all the secrets of his life and thoughts, which the impostors has learned from his confessor. In this and some subsequent scenes, the details of whose (nor- mities, for the sake of brevity, we shall here omit) the impostor talked much to Jetzer of the Dominican order, which he said was peculiarly dear to the Blessed Virgin; he added, that the Virgin knew herself to be conceived in original sin; that the doctors who taught the contrary were in purgatory; that the Blessed Virgin abhorred the Franciscans for making her equal with her Son; and that the town of Bern would be destroyed for harbouring such plagues within her walls. In one of these apparitions, Jetzer imagined that the voice of the spectre resembled that of the prior of the convent and he was not mistaken; but, not suspecting a fraud he gave little attention to this. The prior appeared in various forms, sometimes in that of St. Barbara, at others in that of St. Bernard; at length he assumed that of the Virgin Mary, and, for that purpose, clothed himself in the habits that were employed to adorn the statue of the Virgin in the great festivals. The little images, that on these days are set on the altar, were made use of for angels, which, being tied to a cord that passed through a pully over Jetzer's head rose up and down, and danced about the pretended Virgin to in- crease the delusion. The Virgin, thus equipped, ad- dressed a long discourse to Jetzer, in which, among other things, she told him that she was conceived in original sin, though she had remained but a short time under that blemish. She gave him, as a miraculous proof of her presence, a host, or consecrated water, which turned from white to red in a moment; and after various visits, in which the greatest enormities were transacted, the Virgin-prior told Jetzer that she would give him the most affecting and undoubted marks of her Son's love, by imprinting on him the five wounds that pierced Jesus on the cross, as she had done before to St. Lucia and St. Catherine. Accordingly she took his hand by force, and stuck a large nail through it, which threw the poor dupe into the greatest torment. The next night this masculine virgin brought, as he pretended, some of the linen in which Christ had been buried, to soften the wound, and gave Jetzer a sopo- rific draught, which had in it the blood of an unbaptized child some grains of incense, and of consecrated salt, some quicksilver, the hairs of the eyebrows of a child; all which, with some stupifying and poisonous ingre- dients, were mingled together by the [?] with magic ceremonies, and a solemn dedication of himself to the devil in hope of his succour. The draughts threw the poor wretch into a sort of lethargy during which the monks imprinted on his body the other four wounds of Christ in such a manner that he felt no pain. When he awakened, he found, to his unspeakable joy, those im- pressions on his body, and came at last to fancy himself a representative of Christ in the various parts of his passion. He was, in this state, exposed to the admiring multitude on the principal altar of the convent, to the great mortification of the Franciscans. The Domi- nicans gave him some other draughts, that threw him into convulsions; which were followed by a pipe into the mouths of two images, one of Mary, and another of the child Jesus, the former of which had tears painted upon its cheeks in a lively manner. The little Jesus asked his mother, by means of this voice (which was that of the prior's), why she wept? and she answered, hat her tears were owing to the improper manner in which the Franciscans attributed to her the honour that was due to him, in saying that she was conceived and born without sin. The apparitions, false prodigies, and abominable stra- tagems of these Dominicans were repeated every night; and the matter was at length so grossly over-acted, that, simple as Jetzer was, he at last discovered it, and had almost killed the prior, who appeared to him one night in the form of the Virgin with a crown on her head, The Dominicans fearing, by this discovery, to lose the fruits of their imposture, thought the best method would be to own the whole matter to Jetzer, and to engage him, by the most seducing promises of opulence and glory, to carry on the cheat. Jetzer was persuaded, or at least appeared to be so. But the Dominicans suspected that he was not entirely gained over, resolved to poison him; but his constitution was so vigorous, that though they gave him poison five several times, he was not destroyed by it. One day they sent him a loaf prepared with some spices, which, growing green in a day or two, he threw a piece of it to a wolf's whelps that were in the monastery, and it killed them immediately. At another time they poisoned the host or consecrated wafer; but, as he vomited it up soon after he had swallowed it, he escaped once more. In short, there were no means of securing him, which the most detestable impiety and barbarity could invent, that they did not out in practice; till finding, at last an opportunity of getting out of the convent, he threw himself into the hands of the magistrates, to whom he made a full discovery of this infernal plot. The affair being brought to Rome, commissaries were sent from thence to examine the matter; and the whole cheat being fully proved, the four friars were solemnly de- graded from their priesthood, and were burnt alive on the last day of May, 1509.Jetzer died some time after at Constance, having poisoned himself, as was believed by some. Had his life been taken away before he had found an opportunity of making the discovery already mentioned, this execrable and horrid plot, which in many of its circumstances was conducted with art, would have been handed down to posterity as a stu- pendous miracle. A little time will determine whether the Jesuits are not practising a similar imposition, to impose "Lying Wonders" upon the cre- dulity of the simple ones ITHURIEL. Sydney, April 30. 