A GHOST STORY. [We present the lovers of the marvellous with the following unaccountable story. It is taken from the Dublin University Magazine Many wonders have been satisfactorily Btscouiiled for, but tliere are strange things in this nether world that have never been and apparently never can be explained. lam sure every one can re member some mysterious occurrence that has baffled the most patient and unpreju diced investigation, and set at nought the common rules and reasonings of life. I will relate to you apropos to this, a cir cumstance that happened to a near rela tion of the individual who told it to us. Our friend is a strong-minded and culti vated person, totally devoid of supersti tion ; and he gave tiic story without at tempting to account for it, merely as a fact that had occurred to his knowledge, and in his family. I will tell you the talc as nearly as I can in his own words. A gang of men attacked the house of Mr C , and murdered him in a most barbarous way. They then proceeded to search for money which thoy imagined was concealed in the house, but not find ing as much as they expected, (hey seized on the housekeeper and held her down on the hot bars of the grate to compel her to acknowledge where the treasure was hidden. Several weeks passed away, and all ef iorts to discover the perpetrators of this horrible crime wore unavailing. Mr C , ihe brother of the murdered man, was unceasing in his exertions, but to no purpose ; he failed in finding even a clue which might lead to their disco very. One night, wearied and harrasscd, he retired to rest. His mind was full of the sad subject that occupied it now com pletely—the tin timely late of his brother —and for some time hi: could not sleep. At last, however, he sank into slumber, and dreamed that the door of hia room was sbwly opened, his brother entered, and approaching the bed- side, gazed ear nestly at him. " You are searching for the men who have murdered me," he said at last, in a slow, solemn voice; " rise from your bed, dress yourself and go out. Take the Charleville road, and you will soon dis cover those you are in quest of." 'Hie sleeper awoke greatly agitated, and told the dream to his wife. She endea voured to relieve his distress by repre senting it as the natural result of his ex. cited feelings, and urged him to try and compose himself to sleep again. He did so, but repose had scarcely revisited his eyelids when once more the form of hie murdered brother stood beside him. " Are you sleeping quietly there," he said, " while those who shed my blood are walking at large aiid unpunished * Is this the end of all the love you professed for your brother ? Do you refuse to grant my request?" " No," exclaimed tli? other, starting up and preparing to leave his bed, when the entreaties of his wife detained him. His mind was so much disturbed, and the impression from the dream so strong this time, that she had considerable tliiiiculty in dissuading him from yielding lo the impulse of what she conceived his over heated imagination. At last, however, she succeeded in southing him into some degree of calmness : he began to think witli her that his dreams were caused by anxiety and fatigue, and making an ef fort to shake off the feelings they had left, he, after some time, fell asleep again. Hut not long was his rest undisturbed. He awoke more agitated than ever, and exclaiming that he could resist no longer, he got out of bed and commenced dressing himself. His brother, he suit!, hat! ap peared to him the third time, and hud re proached him with 6Uch angry vehemence for not following his directions, that he was now determined to do so. It was a dark and stormy night. Mr C——— walked on for about a mile on the Charleville road; all was silent and still; and as the cool night wind begun to produce its effect on his fevered mind, the impression of the dream wore off. He resolved to give up what now seemed to him a foolish pursuit, and was about to retrace his steps, when a rustling noise in a field of osiers by the road side at- tracted his attention. The osiers belonged to him, and thinking that some one had come there to steal them, and had ron ccaleil hiaiticlf sit the bound ofiij>j-ruach ing footsteps, lie ran towards ihe place whence the noise proceeded, calling out loudly to tlie thief. " The Lord be between us ami harm!" exclaimed a man advancing out of thi 1 field ; "is that you, Mr C . mid what, brings you out Upon the road at this lime o* night ?" " And what brings you oat ?" replied Mr C ; " and what .ire you doing among my osiers?" *' Ah, then, don't you know me ?' 6aid the njisn; " why then 111 tell you what brings me out. I was going to your house. Sir, and with news I'm thinking you'll not be sorry to hear. If I'm not greatly mistaken, the murderers of your brother are under my roof this very mo ment. Hut come, l«t us hurry on, and while we're walking I'll tell your honour how the case fell out." The man was the keeper of a little she heen house, or carman's stage, on the Charievi'lc road. He had U;en out all day, and had not returned, when, !ate in tin* evening, three mou ou horst-.back stopped al iho house and inquired from j his w"i."e, who was standing at the door, | whether they could get supper and accom | modiUious. 1 " There's a stable for the horses and I clean bods for yourselves," said the wo- I man : " bat 1 Lave nothing iv the house but potatoes atvl milk, and plenty of whisky. If these will serve you, you're kindly welcome." The night, as I have already said, pro mised to be dark and stormy, 60 that the men were glad of shelter, even with such moderate fare. They went into the stable to clean and put up their horses, while the hostess set the potatoes to boil, and laid out the table in an inner room, divided from the kitchen by a thin partition. When supper was ready she called the travellers to come in, and as soon as she had seen them fairly established at their meal, the thrifty dame put out the candle in the kitchen, and, rolling her arms in her apron, seated herself close to the par tition, so as to be within call of the party whenever they wanted the whisky jug to be replenished. " 'Tis better to be within the house than out of it to-night any way," said one of the men, as the wind howled outside. '" Ay, an' this is a good supper as far as it goes," observed another; "if we had a little ofC *s bacon along with it, 'hvould be no harm. There were plenty of gammons and flitches the night we " " Whist!" cried the first speaker, "cant ye keep a quiet tongue in your head, man!" The name of the murdered gentleman aroused the attention of the landlady as she sat in the dark and silent kitchen: she crept closer to the partition and lis tened. In a few minutes after her hus band came in, v"d motioning to him to make no noise, she pointed towards the inner room, where the men, inspired by their supper, were now talking loud and vehemently. Their caution diminished with the contents of the whisky jug; and as the husband and wife listened, they heard enough within the partition to in fluence tne former to steal out of the house and start oil* to inform Mr C of what was passing. They met on the road, as we have seen; and Mr C having learned the above particulars from his companion, they pro ceeded to a police barrack a little way off, and the three men were taken prisoners. Two of them were immediately identified by the housekeeper of the murdered man. She demurred in recognizing the third, but Providence had decreed that he should not escape. While the examination was going on, a sudden thought struck the housekeeper. " I cannot swear as to his face," she said; " but if that be he, when 1 hear him speak 1 will know him out of a thou sand. There is one word he cannot pro nounce ; I remember it well. The night of the murder he was the spokesman of the party, and whenever he came to that particular word he stammered and stopped so sure as he tried to say it. I could identify him by that anywhere." The man was called up, and soute ques tions put to him. In the very first reply, the word named by the housekeeper oc curred, and she shuddered and turned pale as he stammered over it in the way described. " That is the man!" she exclaimed ; " I shall never forget him ! It was he who first ordered my poor master to be struck down, and urged on the men to force me upon the grate when I could not tell where the gold was hidden. 1 could swear to that voice wherever I heard it, all over the world." The man was committed with his com panions. One of the latter afterwards turned king's evidence, and his confession led to the apprehension of the remainder of the gang. They were all finally found i guilty of the murder, and eight men suf iercd death together on the spot where it was perpetrated. I A French gentleman, Dr. Payerne, can descend ami remain under water any length of I time without atmospheric air. He descended in the presence of several scientific men, in the diving-bell of file Polytechnic Institution, at nine o'clock, and remained there three hours, when lie asrandM having no appearance of in cunvcnicbce. iiis process is, of course, a re production «f iiu> pase? necessary to support Hie and also cimi'ousiion, as was proved by his ! taKing with him some candles, which he kept Imvniijfr whilst lielmv; and he iotendsapplying it to Kilvsgc and submarine purposes, lor ex-. aminintr dock- gales, foundations of bridges, ships' liol'ums, &c;, as soon as his patent is Ke,-il.'<l. It was arranged previoui to his de scrnt, iliat lie should pive a sign ft I to the nb- Beivms <.f hi* lvintr alive, every five minutes during Iris t-uv under water, an engagement wliici lie punctually fulfilled to (lie great gra> lili'jaiiuii nf the piiectutott. Tbii gentleman lius aUn ari i;n]inri.-nit .i|i|ilication to railroad travtlliiinr, havinjran engineelreadyconslructed oi iortv-liorsc linger, which will travel with (■n-ai vilotitv nit'itiiut steam, bailer, furnace, or a'lvthinjr v(|ilo<ive or dangerous. Multiply .9 by itself, or by any other (■'male figure, and the two figures forming the product ftiil, in carii case, if added together, amount to 9; f.ir example, 9 multiplied by 9 is 81, flinl Sand I arii'tti tocethermake 9; 60 on with die other figures. The figures forming the amount of 5 "j 3 -I 5 C 1 89, added together, (viz. 4.5), will aisn if ndited together, make 9. The sniuiint <if (lie several products or tnulti j)lii«« «if 0 (<J, 18, 27, 3G, 45, s*, 63, 72, Bl.) nsnifiy, 4U5, tlie ti«ures forming either the dividend nr tlie quotient, added together, make 9\. Multiply any row of figures, either by 9, or by any one of the products of 9, multiplied by a ninffle iigutc. as by 16, 27, 86. 45, 54, G3, 72, nr SI, a«! \\\?i sum f>f tin: fi^nrei of Iho prcdnct aildtd toother will be di. visaMe !.y 9. Multiply the nine digits ta the W lo«-me order—l 'J A4bG7B9, by 9 or by any otic «>f tU? j).-o.ii:i'ts of 9 mentioned in the last jinrajnaj.li, si..i tlie m «>JiicMi will come out all in «'do figure, <• xcc'it ilic pltraiif ten*!, wliidi wiij liii.i z. 0, ami rh?: fi^ur? «>ill be the one which multiped into fl, f«|>|ilie? the multiplier: i\ if yon select 9 a the raultiplier, the product v.iU iw (ex«*pt Uipp'jcw of tens) all noes; if you select '.n, il' ttros; if 27, all threes; and «« 09. Omit the 8 ii. the nmltiplicaadi, and the 0 wili also vanish in the product, leaving alt ones, twos, a.id threes, tie., as tin) case may be. 