MISCELLANEA. Tliere was much sound truth in OIR speech of couulry lad to to idler, who boasted his descent from on ancient family* " So much the worse for you/' said (he peasant*" as we ploughmen 68j, the cider the seed the worse the crop." " You nro writing mj hill on very rough paper," 1 fiaid n clicnt to his attorney 1 Never mind replied the lHtvyer, "it ns to bo Jiled before it comes to court." As 2nisYi AnoTJJENT.—As the late Mr. G., a farmer ot Duddingstone. once stood at his gate, as Irish lad came up to bim and requested to be cmployed. Mr. G.—''<Jo way. Sir! I will never employ any of your coontry again.' Irishman— • Why, your honour? Sure we are good workers! God blessyou ! do giro me a job." Air. G.—' No, Sir, 1 won't; for the last Irishman I employed diod on my bunds, and I was forced to bury him at my own charge." Irishman— 1 • Ah, your honour! you you need not fear that of me; for I can get a certificate (hat I never died in the employment of onv master I ever served!' There was no resisting this. Poor Pat gat employment, and without the certificate. Two ghinccs make n bow, two hows a how d'ye do, four how d'ye do's a conversation, threoconversations nn acquaintance, nine hundred and ninetyn«ne ncqunimanccs a friend* TUB FRKXCH LANGUAGE.—When some one was exporting on the merits of the French lungunge to ?.Jr. Canning he, eyclairacd—Why what on earth, Sir, can be expected of a language which has but one word for JiWw£iind and j uts o fine woman and h leg of mulon oo a par—J'amle Julie—Tuime nngi&itr; A pretended wit went one. morning to the house of Rulliieres in order to read two tnies of his owa composiriou. After having heard the fitst, and before the author could take the second sheet out of his pocket, Rul!iierc3sflit] to him—'1 like tlioother best/ HOOD V. GHOSTS.—Ghosts he hanged ! No such thing in nature ; oil laid long ago, before the wood pavement. \Vho6liould they come for? The colliers may riso for higher wages, and the Chartists may rise for reform, ami Joseph St urge may use for liis health, and bread may rise, nud the rising generation may rise; but tbat the dead should rise only lo make ouo's hair rise, is more than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. .Well, if yoa come out of your grave to serve a friend, how are you to help him ? And if it's an enemy, what's the use of appearing to him! if you can't pitch into him.—JWir Monthly. A PITNM.MX TO 'THE GRAPES AIIE Soon.'—A field slave in one of the Southern States of the American Uoiun, lo hom meat was a rare blessing-, one day found in his trap a plump rabbit, He took him out alive, held him under his arm, patted him, began to speculate on his 'qualities. ' Oh, how bery fat! lie fattest 1 ehber did see i Let us sea bow me coolc him. Mo roast him? No; he be so fat, he lose all de grease. Me fry him ? Ah, he be so berry fat, he fry himself. Golly, how fat he be! Den me stew him." The thought of the savory etew made tie nigper forget hiinse'f. and, in spread, iug out the feast in his imagination, his arm relaxed, when off hopped the rabbit, and squattingat goodly distance, eyed his late owner with great composure. The negro knew there wis an ond to the matter, so summoning a 1 his philosophy, he thus nddressed • lhe rabbit—' You long-eared, while whiskered, redeyed rot, you no so berry fat aner all!' POWF.H OP STEAU.—It is on the rivers, and tho boatman tmiy repose on his onrs ; it is on the highways, end eicrts itself alonfj the courses of land conveyance; it is at the bottom of mines, a thousand feet below the earth surface: it is in die miil und the woikshops of the traders. It rows, it pumps, it excavates, it carries, it draws, it lifts, it hummers, it pins, it weaves, it prints.—Webster's J*ec- SAYINOS.--* After me. is manner^/ OS the turtlafiuup said to the cold puueh.—' Proy keep your se ot/ as tho cockney sportsman said to the wild rabbit. A MODEST DAUBH..—• Mother wants to get three yards of cloth (or primitive triangular appendages for her buhy.' said a modest young damsel to one of the clerks of this city.—Philadelphia Evening Post. ° A HOAX—Some wags in Jacksunville (111.) recently addressed n letter to Judge Young, of that State, inforiuiDg liira that he had been nominated ns a candidate for gnremor, to which the judge responded iu a printed pamphlet of twenty-four pages. A HAHO HEAD.—AA athletic block, while carrying a had in a building down town, was struck on his head by a salmon brick, uhich fell from the scafiuld, nearly two stories high. " l.ook out up dnre, how you frow your bricks,' vociferated the hod carrier, • guess you want to kill dis niggor/ What is roost etrange is, thjt the man tvas not^ver, stunned, and thebriclc was broken in two by coming in contact with his head."—Philadelphia Gazette. SINCERITY AND MOBILITY Summon TO POLICY. To live with our enemies, as those who mBy one day become our friends, and lire with our friends ' as those who, some timo or other, may become our enemies, equally contradicts tho nature of hatred ond .the rules of friendship. It may be a good maxim in policy, but it is a detestable one in morality. A SNAKE PI E !—A few doys ago, the family of a farmer of Sunbury, Pa., baked some pies in the morning.nnd sot Ihemin tho cellar to cool for dinner. When.onB wascut, out popped a snake, to the utter amazement of all at the table. It is presumed that his snakeship, without meditating (he least harm to any one, crawled between the upper aiid under crust, while tho pie was cooling on the cellar floor. , THE HEIGHT OF ASSURANCE.—JD the year thirty *nreeof the 17th century, there was a cause brought before a judge,between two highwayrcan, who quarrelled about the division of their booty; and these men hnd the effrontery to bring their dispute to trial. In the petition of tto Waintiff, he asserted that be had been extremely ,misused by the defendant ; tliat they had carried oo a veiy advantageous trade together upon Clackheatb, Honnslow Heath, Begshot ileith, end.other places; that their business chiefly consisted in watches, wealing apparel -and trinkets of all sorts, as well at Urge concerns between then in cash; thai they had agreed to en ' equitable partition of all profita.and that this agreement had. been violstsd. So impudent a thing, the judge soid, was nerer before brought out in actiurt: and a* be refund to pass sentence in favour of either or them, nntfdismiesed them fromthe court Madame V'Jrblay'i Diary. . . S ?S NU . *.' iD LIUBX—sir John Herschel says that Ibonder can scarcely be heard more than SO or SO mtlea frOtn the tysb, but that lightning mar be ami «t* distance (of ioo fafl«; • *! * ^ 