ST. MARY'S BELLS.,. TIlunsDAY having ibeen' fixed upon for the Blessing of the Bells of the Cathedral, a con siderable number of'spectators assembled in the area behind the Seminary in which the bells had been ijisign r'sonie time, and where the ceremony' was to take place before their removal to the tower. About half, past 9, A.ar., his Grace the Archbishop, attended by the Rev. V. Bourgeoil, as deacon, vested as prescribed by the Roman Pontifical, and ac- companied by the Very Rev. F.Murphy, Revs. J..M'Encroe, Dr. Gregory, and J.B S.u ier, with a large train of assistants, entered the area, andt took 'his seat on the terrace. above the bells, from ;whichl he. could.ibei seen by all. All were hushed'; In the dpepes t attentionwhile his Graceeddired a short but clear and appropriate instruction., .d He observed, that in the, Old am in the New Law, whatever was taken for the isel of the divine service, was deened inidt for that sacred purpose until by solemn prayers and Iustratlioos it fad been rescued from' the state of defile sient. For the- sin -of-our strst parent.had estended Its noainins influence to-all >created thilnigsu so that teltiheron the njitter of senri flie, nor on tlieJnstruments of eacrifcnor on perons ofaering sacrifice, would the L4ord look with coniplacency, unless they had been pre: vitu'pty riynctified. hy prayer-aid aucred ce-q monies;indicative of their past impqrity. This hiurniiiting tronth, thiejoily'Apostlhe presdcs strongly, wihen he.spquke u fj q ery creature groaning in bondag.e, that it may be freed unto he liberty of children of God," In acroidanife with tijis doctrine from the primitive ages, blesstage and purificationsaby water, the natural emblem of cleanliness-commingled with salt; the, type of incorruptibility-have been In daily use amongst -,Christians: -" Whatever was secured from ordinary life, to be conse crated to God, was * blessed 'and' purified-the foundation of the sacred tenple=-its 'wals' the cemetery wherein repose the bodiestif the faithful- all wee santctified. by the word of God and by prayer " as the Apostle recom mends. And in proportion as the material object approached in its, destination to the im mediate service of God, the more aolemn became the function, of its consecration. Thus -the walls of the temple, the altar, were purified by lustrations, were rendered more sacred by the application- of the sacred. unction. And, thus, to come to the objects now before us; these. bells,' which are to the faithful, as St. Charles Blorromein observes, the voice of God himself summoning them to his service, warning them of the 'instability of life, in the booming note which "signifies'the, death of a Christiansbrother or sister; these bells, used for these and other purposes im mediately connected wihh the service of fod, will be blessed, and purified, and consecrated, with rites indicative of their high' functions... But further, may we observe, how true religion has for its peculiar privilege, to sanctify *hat Is innocent, and to render mirth itself meri torIous. Far be itefrorn usto divest piety of all cheerfulness, and all 'cheerfulness f: piety. These' bells' will therefore in joyful not.s proclaim our festivities, sacred or profane; they will call upon us to rejoice, but to rejoice 'in the Lord. 'so that'our modesty shall' be known to all; and even as the sound pervades the realms of space unseen, so to remember. though we see him not, "that the, Lord is nigh." These bells will one day,. perhaps, boom over our lifeless ,remains-they will certainly warn us of' those who' are called before us. 'May we be thus instructed to prepare, and when the sound reaches our, selves, let uies deem it'a supplicating cry from one who may require mercy, and let us pray that the departed inay obtain' eternal rest. Oh I how beautiful is holy true religion. Do we rejoice, she smiles,.an.d sanctifies our re joicing. Do we mourn, she mourns too, and consoles us. At the birth of ,the faithful she lifts up her voice in gladness and praise. As her children depart her sigh proclaims her grief, and her tears are the last to fall upon the spot which is endeared to her by their remains. After this address, which seemed to miiake a deep impression, the psalms for the occasion were recited alternately by all the assistants. and his Grace then proceeded to bless 'the water with which the hells were washed, to signify the purity required of' everything devoted to the service of the ,Most 'High. After this the last six psalms of the psalter' were recited in the samue manner. Next the, bells were anointed 'with holy oil, accompanied with the beautiful and expressive prayers of the ceremonial, which his Grace, after saying -them in the _language of the Church, trans lated into Englith. for the instruction of the bystanders. While the: cihir was. singiig. the 28th psalm, with the appropriate anthem. his Grace annnuinted the bells withithe holy chrism; in four places, 'in the form of-a cross,. saying, "May this bell,'O Lord, be sanctified and consecrated, in the name of the Father, and of the 'Son, and of the Holy Ghost-in honor of St.*-----. Peace be with you." Each bell being thus solemnly consecrated, and dedicated in honot of sonie great friend of God, to His holy service, the whole were fumed with incense: while the choir chanted the 76th psalm, with its anthem.. The last, prayer being' finished, the 'Rev, V Bourgeois sang the 'gospel, with which the ceremonies were elused. . ' 'It is impossible to speak-adequately of the demeanour of the assembled crowd. :TlTere was nothing but themust. reerential attention and propriety to be seen.' Pleasure was de picted 'on every countenance, and when the deremonies were over, and it was announced that the bells would be raised immediately, all seemed eager to lend 'n Ihmid t'tlihe'dod work. During the course ofotha exact$ion of the true hearted * vdlunteers,' the .whole weeraised to their lmft y diklt sa itt rer zn hapy1tobeale ~ tte, 'sIhut the slightest accident. As each bell was abouit to be lowered to the platformi at the top of the toere three strokes of a hamme e licite the ,olce. of each, which was answered by the cheers of the spectators. T.1hey promise to "*speak" well, but all, will be able t judgeof this in a few days., i Very, nany of all ranks and creeds visited the scene during the day,and joy animated every countenancel, bo.~itisyoung and, k ; 