VARIETIES. A Relict of the Grand -4rmy.—Ther« , is still in existence an extraordinary woman, whdfe maiden name was Therese Flguer, but who was afterwards married to, and is now the widow of, a man named Sutter. At an early age she was in. duced by circumstnnccs to enter as a soldier in the Aiiooroge Legion. This was in 1793, and she took pnrt at the siege of Toulon. The next year she was removed to the I5ih Dragoons, and madii the campaign of Catalonia with the army of tho ; Eastern Pyrenees. When the Convention inter dicted women from serving,, the Generals of. thla army obtained a special exception in her favour. She was in Bonaparte's campaigns in Italy.' : After 4 the battle of Norvi, she entered, the' 9th Prffgoonr in which regiment she followed the; , war in. Pied- mont. The First Consul/granted her a pension of 20(Jf. for her distinguished , conduct as a dragoon during eight years. In I802»she was again enrolled' in the 8th Dragoons, was-at the battles of Ansterr litz and Jena, and continued her career until the > capture of Berlin. In 1 Si 0 she went into. Spain ! as one of the Imperial Guard, '.and in; 1812 wae . . made prisoner near Burgos, by one.' oftHc-Ciira Merino's guerilla parties, and. sent into England. She returned into France in 1814, , and- on the: eve of the Emperor's departure for Waterloo was pre sented i:o him in her uniform as a chasseur of the Imperial Guard. Certificates signed- by several Marshals and Generals attest' that she received a gnn-sbot wound at Toulon, four sabre wounds at Piedmont, had. four horses killed under her, aqd saved the lives of General Noguez and several other officers. She Is now sixty-nine years of age ' aud. continues to enjoy heir pension. M. St. Ger main Leduc, a friend of this female warrior, .hai from her dictation written a history of her Strang# eventful life, Which forms one of the most In teresting books that has beeri published for many years. — Galignani's Messenger. Chinese Barbarity.— A. n unfortunate sea man of th« Cornwallis recently- wandered into the hands of a party of Chinese villagers, who imme diately cut oil his knee- pans, made an incision round each wrist, and stripped the skin off the muscles, up to the elbows, and down off- each hand to the finger ends, leaving it dangling. In this condition the poor fellow was abandoned. On his being found, the villRge was destroyed bv the boats of the ship. The man is alive, and slowly recovering. — Hampshire Paper. The Old Lady and the Cobbler Some years ago the husband of an old lady residing in a country village happened to die rather suddenly without making a will, for the want of whidh very necessary precaution his estate would have passed away from his.wldow, had she not resorted to tha following remarkable expedient to avert the loss of her property She concealed the death of her husband, and prevailed upon an oldt cobbler, her neighbour, who was in person somewhat like tha deceased, to go to bed at her house and personate him, in which character it was agreed that he should dictate a will, leaving the widow the estate in question. An attorney was accordingly sent for to prepare the required document, and the widow on his arrival appeared to be realizing, the greatest affliction at her good man's danger, but forthwith proceeded to ask questions of her pretended husband. calculated to elicit the answer she'expected and desired. The. old cobbler groaning aloud, and looking as much like a person going to give up tho ghost as possible, Feebly answered, "I intend to leave you half my estate ; and I do think the poor old aheomaker, who lives over the way, is deserving of the other half, for he has always been a good neighbour." The widow was thunderstruck at receiving a reply so different to that which she expected, hut dared not negative the cobbler's will, for fear of loosing the whole of the property, while the cunning old rogue in bed, who was himself the poor old shoemaker living over the way, laughed in his sleeve, and divided with her the fruits of a project which the widow had intended for her own sole benefit- - —Scotch Gazette. Longevity. — The oldest man in France is M. Noel de Quersonniers, who was formerly a commissary of tho army, now living in PurU, though born at Valenciennes In 1728. He Is not. ; subject to any infirmity, takes four meals a-day, shaves himself, reads and writes without spectacles, sings very agreeably, and sleeps soundly.. He writes very good poetry, and his conversation is full of wit and sense, abounding with anecdotes. At tho age of ninety, Re married a young English girl, aged only sixteen, who died in- giving birth to a son. He states that bis grandmother died' at the age of 125, and' would have lived longer but for a severe fall. Whon conversing gaily, he will fre quently invite his friends to his funeral in tha next century. 