EXTRIACTS FROM THE WORK OF DIR. DICKENS ON AMIE!RIA. -o anMirUC AN UNIvansTlmas.-Whatovor the de. fects of American universtltes may be, they disso. minate no proJudices, rear no bigots, dig up thio buried ashes uioeo old superstitione, never inter. pose botweou ho poople and their improvements, exclude no man because of his religious.opinlons recognise a'world, and a broad one too, lying beyond the college walls. Pusl.sc ESTAlaLISHsiMNTS.-In all the public. establishments of America, the utmost courtesy prevails. Mlost of our departments are susceptible of considerable improvement in'this respect; but the Customhouse, above all others, would do well to take example from the United States, aud render itself somewhat less odious and offensive to foreign. ers. 'The servile rapacity of the French officials is sufficiently contemptible, but there is a surly boor ish incivility about our men, alike disgusting to all persons who fall into their hands, and discredit able to the nation that keeps such ill-conditioned curs snarling about its gates. When I landed in America I could not help being strongly impressed with the contrast their customhouse presented, and the attention, politeness, and good humour with which its officers discharged their duty. AMERICAN .HABITS.-As Washington may be called the head quarters of tobacco.tinctured saliva, the time is come when I must confess, without any disguise, that the prevalence of those two odious practices of chewing and expectorating began about this time to be anything but agreeable, and soon became most offensive and sickening. In all the public places of America this filthy custom is recognised. In the courts of law the judge has his spittoon, the crier his, the witness his, and the prisoner his, while the jurymen and spectators are provided for, as so many men who, in the course of nature, must desire to spit incessantly. In the hospitals the students of medicing are requested, by notices upon the wall, to eject their tobacco juice into boxes provided for that purpose, and not to discolour-the stairs. In public buildings visitors are implored, through the same agency, to squirt the essence of their quids, or "plugs," as I have heard them called by gentlemen learned in this kind of sweetmeat, into the national spittoons, and not about the base of the mnarblo columns. But in some parts this custom is inseparably mixed up with every meal and morning call, and with all the transactions of social life. The stranger, who follows in the track I took myself, will find it in its full bloom and glory, luxuriant in all its alarm. ing recklessness, at WVashington, and let him not persuade himself (as I once did, to my shame) that previous tourists have exaggerated its extent. The thing itself is an exaggeration of nastiness, which cannot be outdone. AsMaRICAN DINNER HOUIS.-The usual dinner hour is two o'clock : a dinner party takes place at five; and at an evening party they seldom sup later than eleven; so that it goes hard but one gets home, even from a rout, by midnight. I never could find out any differauce between a party at Boston and a party in London, saving that at the former place all assemblies are held at more ra. tional hours; that the conversation may possibly be a little louder and more cheerful: that a guest is usually expected to ascend to the very top of the house to take off his cloak; that he is certain to see at every dinner an unusual amount of poultry on the table; and at every supper at least two mighty bowls of hot stewed oysters, in any one of which a half-grown Duke of Clarence might be smothered easily. AN AsanroCAN RAILROAD.-I made acquaint. ance with an American railroad, on this occasion, for the first time. As these works are pretty much alike all through the States, their general charae. teristics are easily described. There are no first and second class carriages as with us; but there is a gentlemen's car and a ladies' carr; the main distinction between which is, that in the first every body smokes, and in the second nobody does. As a black mall never travels with a white one, there is also a negro. car, which is a great blundering clumsy chest, such as Gulliver put to sea in from the kingdom of Brobdiguag. There is a great deal of jolting, a great deal of noise, a great deal of wall, not much window, a locomotive engine, a shriek, and a bell. The cars are like shabby omui. buses, holding thirty, forty,andfifty people Theoseats, instead of stretching from end to end, are ilaced crosswise. Each seat holds two persons. 'There is a long row of them on each side of the caravan, a narrow passage up the middle, and a door at both ends. In the centre of the carriage there is usually a stove, fed with charcoal or anthracite coal, which is for the most part red hot. It is in sufferably close, and you see the hot air fluttering between yourself and any other object you may happen to look at, like the ghost of smoke. If a lady take a fancy to any male passenger's seat, the gentleman who accompanies her gives notice of the fact, and he immediately vacates it with great politeness. Politics are much discussed : so are banks, and so is cotton. Quiet people avoid the question of the Presidency, for there will be a new election in three years and a half, and party feeling runs very high: the great constitutional feature of this constitution being that, directly the acrimony of the last election is over, the acrimony of the next one begins, which is an unspeakable comfort to all strong politicians and true lovers of their country- that is to say, to ninety.uine men and boys out of every ninety-nine and a quarter. A BnowN FORESTER OF THn MISSISSIPPI. We had another odd specimen on, board, of a dif ferent kind. This was a thin-faced, spare figured man, of middle ago and stature, dressed in a dusty drabbish-colored suit, such as I never saw before. He was perfectly quiet during the first part of the journey : indeed, I don't remember having so much as seen him until he'was brought out by circum. stances, as great men often are. The conjunction of events which made him famous happened briefly thus:-" The canal extends to the foot of the mountain, and there, of course, it stops ; the pas songers being conveyed across it by land carriage, and taken on afterwards by another canal boat, the counterpart of the first, which awaits them on the other side. There are two canal lines of passage boats; one is called the Express, and one (a cheaper one) the Pioneer. The Pioneer gets first to the mountain, and waits for the Express people-to come up, both sets of passengers being conveyed across it at the same time. Vo were the Express company; but when we had crossed the mountain and had come to the second boat, the proprietors took it into their heads to draft all the Pioneers into it likewise, so that we were five and.forty at least, and the accession of passengers was not at all of that kind which im proved the prospect of sleeping at night. Our people grumbled at this, as people do in such cases, but suffered the boat to be towed off, with the whole freight aboard, nevertheless and away we went down the canal. At home i should hIave protested lustily, but being a foreigner here, I held my peace. Not so this passenger: hlie cleft a path among the people on desk (weo were nearly all on deck),.and without addressing hrybody whomso ever, soliloquised as follows:-' This may suit you, this may, but it don't suit ms. This may be all very well with Down Easters, and men of Boston raising, but it won't suit my figure no how; and no two ways about that, and so I tell you. Now I'm from the brown forests of the Mississippi, 1 ani, and when the sun shineson me, it does shine a little. It don't glimmer where I live, the sun odun't. .. No, I'm a browna.forester, I am; I aint a Johnny OCako There are no smooth skins where I live. Wo're rough men there-rather. If Down. Easters and men of Boston raising like this, I'm glad of it, but I'm none of that raising, nor of that breod- no. T'his company wants a little fixing, it does. I'm the wrong sort of man for 'em, I am., They won't like me, they won't. This is piling of it a little too mountainous, this is."'-At the end of every one of these short sentences he turned upon his heel and walked the other way; checking him self abruptly when he had finished another short sentence, and turning back again. It is impossiblo for me to say what terrific meauing was hidden in the words of this brown forester, but I know that the other passengers looked on in a sort of admiring horror, and that presently the boat was put back to the wharf, and as many of the Pioneers as could be coaxed or bullied into going away, were got rid of. AToucc o Tirie GRAPHIIC- * ' * "Thore was a man on board this boat with a light fresh coloured face and a pepper-and.salt suit of clothes, who was the most inqu sitive fellow that can possi bly be imagined. He never spoke otherwise than interrogatively: he was an embodied inquiry; sit ting down or standing up, still or moving, walking the dock or taking his meals, there he was, with a great note of interrogation in each eye, two in his cocked ears, two more in his turned up nose and chin, at least half a dozen more about the corners of his isouth, and the largest one of all in his hair, which was brushed partly off his forehead in a flaxen clump, Every button in his clothes said 'EhP? What's that ? Did you speakr Say that again, will you?' Hie was always wide awake, like the enchanted bride, who drove hier husband frantic; alwvays restless; always thirsting for an. swers ; perpetually seeking, and never finding. ''There never was such a curious man. I wor.e a fnr coat at that time, and before we were well clear of the wharf he questioned me concerning it, and its price, and where I bought it, and when and what fur it was, and wlhat it weighed and what it cost. Then he took notice of my watch, and asked what that cost, and whether it was a French watch, and where I got it, and how I got it, and how it went, and where the keyhole was, and when 1 wound it - every night or every morning, and whether I ever forgot to wind it at all, and if I did, what then ? Where 1 had been to last, and where I was going next, and where I was going after that; and had I seen the President, and what did he say, and what did I say, and what did he say when I had said that? l h? Lor! now, do tell !" 