THE MORNING CHRONICLE SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1843. "Be just and fear not: Let all the ends thou aimset at be thy country'a, w Thy God's, and teith.'" Bhakepeare. THE TARIFF. (Once more.) WE have read with sentiments, not of asto= nishment only, but of grief-nor yet of asto nishment and of grief merely, but something more,-the result of, the debate on the Go vernor's Message, disallowing the import duty voted by the Council, of one shilling per bushel on imported wheat and two shil lings and sixpence per cwt. on flour. His Excellency has no doubt the power to refuse, on the part of Her Majesty, his assent to any measure proposed by the Council; but is it (we do not ask, bienseant or gracious towards the Council), is it, we say, conformable to the practise of the crown itself of Great Britain, to refuse the royal assent to measures so proposed? The Le gislative Council of the Colony is so - con -structed;as in some sort to be an image and copy of the conjoint legislative powers of the houses of Lords and Commons: and it is considered so ungracious an act on the part of the crown to refuse the royal assent to bills which had passed the two houses, that, if we recollect right, a minister has been impeached for advising it. Here His Ex cellency not only throws the bills in the teeth of the Council, but declares, through one of his officers, that " rather than sanc tion such a measure, he would give up his government." It is said of William III. that wheneve the Blritish Parliament refused to- pass any of his costly, Dutch-born, and arbitrary measures, he used to threaten to give up England altogether: this always brought them down, as he well knew their terror of Popery and of Louis XIV. We know not if His Excellency's hint will have an equal effect on the Hon. Council of New South Wales. We have no doubt that the Council, as well as the Colonists generally, appreciate at their full worth, His Excellency's eminent qualities-his ability, eloquence, energy, and uprightness: but we do not imagine that they attribute to him infallibility, or suppose him possessed of more knowledge of what the Colony wants, than the whole of the Council and Colonists put together were such the case, what need of a Coun-. oil at all? His Excellency's departure from the Government of the Colony, would, no doubt, be deeply deplored: but still we do not think it is the general opinion, that the ex (change of one enlightend and dignified gentleman for another as Governor, would be deemed as great a misfortune to the Colony, asp- the .breaking down its infant agriculture, and leaving it to suffer under a great, continual, and emaciating drain. of specie to strangers, for bread; or as the danger of a possible famine with all its` concomitant horrors, which might ensue if the Colonists shall not have within their- own limits wherewith to be fed. We d re (without being told by any ghost or gipsey,) to predict, that the time approaches, when, from the altered cir cumstances of the Colony, the same ne cessity will not be considered to exist, for a'Governor of military education .as foir= merly, probably quite the ,contrary: a .military.education is in. its nature, foundqd on the principle of unity of will, pro ducing the power of destruction: that of the, statesman, in knowing the arts of con struction, and as it were, of creation. The great soldier is he who can best slay and demolish: " the great statesman, (as The: mistocles said of himself,) is he who can make of a small city or nation, a great one. A Colony like this, in which a foundation has to be laid, on which to build a great and prosperous community, requires more a knowledge of the principles of Magna Charta, and a study of the great volume' of mankind, -than of those .of Polybius, or Monteauculli, hir Vauban. We are truly sorry that His Excellency did not travel more through the, Colony than. he has done. If he had, as he is a man of quick perception, and close obser vation, he would, instead of seeing with othpr men's eyes, and hearing with -their ears, have visited the houses and farms of the settlers, and even have looked into their huts-he would 'have seen their noble: struggles with poverty from the low prices of grain-he ,would have seen men of educa tion, and ladies of refinement, unable, 'in many cases, -to offer him a cup of tea, while their children were running aboiut half clad. We' know, ourselves, the sons of? milltary officers, ~whose dress consists, in many in stances, of- a pair of fusatian trowsers, some times a whole, sometimes a h~alf shirt, and a cabbage- tree hat, while the money that would have clad them, is gone to Chili and. America, never to return. Had His. Ex-, cellency seen these things, as often as ,we, have, he would not be so horrified at the sound of the word PROTECTION, which it. seems is sacrilege, or blasphemy in the ears of certain disciples of Scotch political economists. We fear that, be His Excellency's stay in the Colony long or short, the memory of his free trade doctrines, his sixpence a bushel tax on wheat, and his last Message will survive it. He had a golden opportunity (like the Duke of Wellington in 1825 as to emancipation) to gain imperishable fame; but like that great, but arbitrary and stub born man, he has thrown it away, and such another can hardly return. He had an opportunity of- embalming his name in the memory of the Colonists :. he had gone half. way in constructing the siloes; and had he only allowed the produce of a duty of one shilling a bushel on foreign wheat, to be applied solely in carrying out his own grand and most benevolent conception. of these siloes, in their extension to all practi cable length, and in the encouragement .of colonial agriculture, and all the kindred arts that make earth smile, and man happy in ..the. enjoyment of her gifts,-he might truly have said <... Exegi monimentum are perennius." He would have erected a monument to ,ills own glory, that would have survived, when statues or columns of brass or of inar ble would have crumbled;,.or been'forgotten t but' Tiis aliter eisnm ! He has preferred (it would seem) to build his fame on the carrying out the principles of Scotch politi cal economy, and to attain the reputation of a great financier. But whatever character His Excellency may gain in that way, we fear he will lose as much, as a reasoner and a statesman. He tells the Colonists, through his official organs, that " he will have no protective duties;" but he yet proposes sixpence a bushel as a tax, or source of revenue. Now, will not men ask, is not sixpence a bushel on imported wheat, to all intents and pur poses, pro tanto, a protective duty, as if it were six shillings ? If it were six shillings, would not all men call, and consider it a protective duty ? Then what is the differ ence but of plus and minus? Fielding tells us a story of Nel Gwyn and her footman: he came one day to shut her coach door, all bloody : " Why, what's the matter, John, what's all this about ?" " I was just beat ing a fellow, Madam, that called your lady ship names." " Tut, you fool," said the good-natured Nel, " don't you mind about it, all the town knows it." The footman, however, went to take his place, muttering, " I'll be if they shall call me a w- 's footman for all that." " What's in a namel?" So much for nzomenclature: We come to the utility of the duty, as a source of reve nue : it's produce we willingly hope can never be much; besides, it would be as un certain as our climate : a good shower of rain might annul it for a year: one season it might produce a good round sum; the next nothing, and could never be calculated' upon as a supply to the treasury =- it is, therefore, altogether objectionable. But its equity has a still worse basis:' it is founded on the old poll-tax principle, which Nat Tyler opposed in arms, and is now so justly exploded: it makes the poor working man, who has as numerous a fa mily, and who eat as much bread as those of the rich, but who has no property but his arms and hands, to pay as much towards the protection of the lands and houses (or palaces) and treasures, and carriages, and pictures, and statues, and flocks, and herds of the rich-as much for the support of all the machinery of Government, and the whole corps of civil, fiscal, and judicial officers, as does the Lord of thousands a-year ! Is this equity ? Is it justice ? Is it based upon even . as sound principles as Robin Hood's ethics ? Robin took from. the rich to bestow upon the poor; but here a Government takes from the poor, to bestow it upon the rich . But there is worse than this in it: the families of the poor eat (as we said) as much bread as those of the rich; indeed more, for the rich have vegetable gardens, and consume less biead.; bbut in the poor man's family in towns, it is everlasting bread, bread, where : there are children : along with _this, look at the comparative ~numbers of the rich and of the poor: why, 'the poor are 'ten for one / consequently, (if so) they should h'ave paid ten times as much towards the support of Government in the shape of wheat duty, for the protection of the property of the rich, as the rich them-7 selves would have done!1 But this is not all its iniquity-the worst is behind-who are the working men-~-the great majority ? Are they not men, (to use the words of the Honorable Membesr of' Council, Mr. Lowe) robbed of all their dearest rights- men condemned by~ the " better classes," to political death!I Men who hove no voice, nor right, nor franchise, nor vote, in the choice of those who make the laws they must obey!I We believe some great authorities have declared' that the taxing of men without their consent through their representatives, is the defi nition of tyranny : end surely the working men of this Colony, never did, either vir tutally or actually, nor never would, give their consent to a duty of six-pence per bushel upon the wheat they were to eat, unless the proceeds were employed to ensure them a full, constant, and home-raised sup ply of bread. How often do we think of old Oxenstiern! We trust we shall not be accused of vanity, if we quote from the Poet Trutbi would'st thou teach, and save. a siaking laud, Some fear, anone aid yeu, and few undqrsanad. We know, that anybody, even the mnout stolid opponent of what we deem not, only right, but absolutelye necessary, may quote these lines as well as we, and think they apply to himself. lie that as it nmay, we dismiss the subject with the most pain ful emotions; and trusting that a benign providence may save~ the Colosijr from the mistakes of its rulers, (we. mean 'jersons other* and higher than His Excellency,) We assure our readers, 'that we shall never relax our efforts, till the lands of the Colony shell be mnade .to feeid its people. 