LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL 'TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1843. The House met at three o'clock. ASSENT TO BILLS. The SPEAKER reported to the House that His Excellency the Governor had been pleased, on behalf of Her Majesty, to give assent to the Slaughtering of Cattle Act Amendment Bill, and the Australian Auction Company Act Continuation Bill. BANK RETURNS. The Colonial Secretary laid on the table the Returns of the three Banks to which he alluded on a late occasion, and which completed No. 5 of the Returns enumerated in the Address to His Excellency, on the motion of Mr. Wentworth, on the 18th ult. UNEMPLOYED ARTISANS, Dr. Lang presented a Petition from the Members of the Australian Mutual Protection Association, praying the Council to devise some means of immediate and permanent relief for the unemployed Artisans now in Sydney. He remarked that it was signed by no fewer than 3,153 individuals, and, as the Petition was respectfully worded, he moved that it be read at length. The Petition having been read, Dr. Lang then moved that it should be received and referred to the Immigration Committee. He felt strongly inclined to agree with the Peti- tioners, that the number of persons out of employment could not be ascertained from the list published by the Government, as many had registered their names and failed to obtain employment, the consequence of which was, that many who had not regis- tered were disinclined to do so, from the consideration of the inefficiency of the step ; he (Dr. L.) was therefore convinced that the registry was not a certain indication of the number actually unemployed, which he felt assured was considerably greater than that House generally imagined. One great in- convenience which arose from that want of employment was the re- emigration of arti- sans and others to England and other places. A vessel sailed a short time since for Valparaiso with forty or fifty persons on board, which was a circumstance not only involving a serious injury to the colony, but considering the first cost of the immigration of those parties, also a decided loss ; and it was the duty of every Member of that Coun- cil who had the interest of the colony at heart, to strive by every means in his power to prevent a recurrence of circumstances fraught with so much evil, which was only to be done by giving employment to those men. He (Dr. L.) had given some months ago employment to four mechanics, two of whom were married, and the other two were single. The two married men he had since lost sight of, but one of the young men had sailed in the vessel to which he had alluded, and the other had engaged to work his pas- sage back to England, in a vessel which was about to sail in a few days. Would not instances of the kind operate to deter others from directing their steps to these shores ? It was therefore the interest, as well as the duty, of that Council, to afford every relief in their power to those classes who were suffering privations far greater than many believed, or had any idea of. (Hear, hear.) He (Dr. L.) did not agree with many, that the persons then unemployed consisted of the idle and dissolute ; he contended that the majority of them were honest and in- dustrious mechanics, and as such were the last to make their wants known ; for al- though they were, with their wives and families, driven to the brink of starvation, they had too high a sense of character to publish their destitute state. The Petitioners had referred to the low rate of wages. The sum of three shillings a-day to mechanics, and two shillings to labourers, was far below the rate of wages usually received by such persons in this country, and which emigrants had been led to expect they would receive on coming here ; and after they had paid for their lodging, which was very high, there would be very little left for clothing and subsistence, and nothing for the education of their children. It was quite clear that the rate of wages was reduced one-half. He (Dr. Lang) therefore trusted honorable members would bear that fact in mind, and look with a more favorable eye to the reduction of the colonial expenditure. If the poorer classes were compelled to sub- mit to a reduction of one-half of their income, it was not expecting too much from those in superior situations to make up their minds to give up one-fourth of theirs. Some al- lusion was made by the Petitioners to the promises made them at home, previous to their coming to this country, under the Bounty System. He (Dr. L.) admitted that it would be unsafe for the Council to take up that point of the matter, as it was not to be expected that the Government was bound to fulfil the promises made by unauthorised persons, who travolled the country in all directions, exhibiting their schedules, setting forth that certain rates of wages would be given to emigrants on their arrival in this colony. But while he made such an ad- mission on the one hand, he contended, on the other, that the Government was bound to give employment to those parties, and prevent them from starving, if possible, by the erection of various Public Works of some utility, which might be performed with great advantage, on account of the cheapness of labour and materials, which were lower than at any former period of his experiences. Mr. Hamilton did not think the hon. and rev. member was quite in order, and he would remark that the consideration of the 111th clause which was in abeyance, had been induced by a similar proceeding on the presentation of a former Petition. If hon. members were allowed to go to such lengths in supporting the object of thoir Petitions, it would be unfair to the other members of that House, as well as to the public, if they were not allowed to reply. In this instance, he (Mr. H.) did not think that so much distress existed as that set forth by the hon. and rev. mombor ; if such were the case, the Government was bound to do all in its power to alleviate it ; but the very argument adduced by the hon. and rev. member in support of the fact, was, in his (Mr. H's) opinion, a proof that the very reverse was the case. How was the money obtained by which the parties alluded to had paid their passage to Valparaiso, except from their earnings ? There were many, doubtless, who would come forward and say, ' We are without the means of subsistence, and you must provide us with them.' He (Mr. II.) would repeat, that labour was very scarce in all parts of the colony, and he considered that the prosent subject afforded as pernicious a precedent as had ever been discussed in any Deliberative Assembly ; for, with the exception of a very few who had large families, and whom settlors perhaps, on that account, could not afford to engage, he was convinced that there need not be a single individual -without employ- ment if he chose to obtain it. The suggestion of tho hon. and rev. member, with reference to the erection of public works as a means of affording employment to those who com plained of being unable to got it, niorely becauso it could be done at a cheap rate, was in his opinion, a very bad .spocimon of public economy, too often practised by private individuals who purchased- articles for which they had no use, morely bocause they were cheap. There certainly was no reason why the Gqovornmont should expend £50,000 in buildings, solely on the ground that the same would havo cost £100,000 last year. The Attorney General said he might perhaps be somewhat irregular in rising or the subject of the Petition, but as he differed entirely from the hon, Member from Cassilis, he would beg to be allowed to make a few observations in reply. He did not think it quite fair that mechanics, who had been in- duced by promises of employment in Sydney to come to this colony, should now be told that they must go into the bush as shepherds, or starve. It was a vain attempt to shew that such inducements had not been held out under the Bounty System, by the agents both in England and Ireland. He had him- self seen in those countries, placards in- viting parties to emigrate to the colony, containing extracts from the immigration roports of the former Council, bearing the signature of the Bishop of Australia, and setting forth that mechanics and labourers would obtain employmont at the rate of £25 or £30 as wages. At that period there was a cry from one end of the colony to the other for emigration and free labour, and vast numbers had been in consequence kid- nappod into the country to starve, unless Government stepped forward to their assist- ance, by giving them employment. It might be admitted that the wages they were led to expect woro too high, but if they could not be obtained, the parties so deceived were entitled to the sympathy of the colony and the Council. He did not think it fair or just that mechanics who had been the ob- jects of such deception, should be put on an equality with shepherds in the bush ; and he quite agreed with the hon. and rev. Mem- ber for Port Phillip, that the Government should, by combining utility with duty and charity, give employment to those who could not otherwise obtain it ; many of whom had been seduced to give up 25s. and 30s. per week to come to this colony, where house rent was twice as high, and the necessaries of life not a whit the cheaper. Mr. Murray differed both from the Attor- ney General and the hon. and rev. Member for Port Phillip, inasmuch as he did not ac- knowledge the existence of any distress amongst the working classes, and therefore that such could not be the cause of the re- emigration to Valparaiso, but that it was occasioned by the spirit of discontent which was after a short period likely to be felt in a new colony, if parties met with the slightest disappointment in their views. He would instance a case to show the disinclination of parties to submit to a reduction where the necessities of the case absolutely called for it. A friend of his, who was carrying on a foundry and who, from giving his men £3 a week, had felt the necessity of reducing their wages to £2, was deserted by his ser- vants, who preferred getting 18s. per week in Sydney to remaining with him at the sum he offered. He would merely observe, in conclusion, that the offer of employment on the part of the Government would act as an inducement for parties to desert the country, even though they could got double wages there. The Colonial Secretary would offer a few remarks on that important subject. He stated that the Government did not employ persons coming from the interior, and the rate at which those were paid who were so employed, was merely intended to provide them and their families with a bare subsist- enco ; in fact, after rent was paid, it would scarcely enable them to do that. With re- gard to the promise of higher wages, he was not aware of the existence of any such pro- mises ; parties were merely informed of thw prevailing rate of wages without any gua- rantee for their being given. He regretted the disappointment ocoasioned by any misrepre- sentation, but he did not consider that any blame could attach to the Government. In reply to the observation of the hon. and rev. Member for Port Phillip, that parties en- tered in the Registry could not obtain employment, he would state that the Go- vernment was at present paying from £40 to £50 a day for labour, and he did not think it was at liberty to incur greater expense till tho subject had boon submitted to the Immigration Committee, Dr. Nicholson was surprised that the Attorney General should have used the term ' kidnapping,' particularly as so many were actually starving at home, and the work- houses were absolutely crammed with the indigont and unemployed. The Attorney General, in support of what he had advanced, read as a sample an extract from one of the many placards he had himself seen posted about in Ireland. Mr. Wentworth did not see that any great hardship was experienced by parties so kidnapped, if such it could be called, as even admitting that a certain rate of wages had been guaranteed, such guarantee did not extend to the terms of their natural lives. The Colonial Secretary said, that he would lay on the table a Return, which shewed that the amount of bounties paid for the introduction into the colony of the 23 individuals who had gone to Valparaiso amounted to £554, and that some of them had been receiving wages as high as £30 to £45 por annum, and others had been paid at the rate of 30s. to 40s. a week. Dr. Lang's motion that the Petition be received and referred, to the Immigration Committee, was then put and carried. SHERIFF BILL. Mr. Windeyer presented a Petition from certain members of the New South 'Wales Law Society, praying that the Sheriff Bill might not be allowed to become law. Petition was read and received. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE, MELBOURNE. Dr. Nicholson presented a Petition from the President and Members of the Com- nittee of Management of the Melbourne Mechanics' Institute, praying a grant of pe- cuniary assistance. INCOME TAX. Mr. WINDEYER took the opportunity of asking the Collector of Customs if it were true that, as he had heard, the British Government did levy a per centage on the salaries paid to Government officers in this colony ? The Collector of Customs replied, that such had been the case, in consequence of an opinion of the law officers of the Crown at home that the salaries of Government officers were liablo to the Income Tax. It amounted to, about three per cent;. Mr. Windeyer further enquired, if the regulation extended to salaries paid by the Home Government? The Collector of Customs replied, that it did not. He then read a letter from tlie Secretary of State, directing that a reduc- tion should be made in the salaries corre- sponding with the amount of the Income Tax. Mr. Windeyer gave notice that he should move, on the following day, 'That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Governor,' praying that he will be pleased to order that a copy of any communication from the Administration at home to the Customs department in this colony, relative to the payment of Income Tax on the salaries of officers of that department, be laid before this Council.' OVERLAND ROUTE TO PORT ESSINGTON. Dr. Nicholson gave notice that he should, on Tuesday next, move, ' That whereas the establishment of an overland route between the settled parts of New South Wales and Port Essington will be attended with im- portant additions to our geographical know- ledge of the interior of Australia, and is an object, the accomplishment of which is also likely to be attended with great advantages to the commercial and other interests of this colony, by becoming a direct line of commu- nication with the Islands of the Eastern Archipelago, with India and other ports of Asia ;— Resolved, that a Committee be ap- pointed for the purpose of enquiring into the practicability of such a design and the means whereby it may be carried into effect, and that they do report to the Council the result of such enquiry, with as little delay as possible. STANDING ORDERS. Mr. Hamilton obtained leave to defer, till Tuesday next, his motion for the re- consideration of the 111th Standing Order, with a view to its amendment. . REGISTRY BILL. Mr. Elwin obtained leave to defer his motion, in reference to the Registry Bill, until motion made for its second reading. POST OFFICE ESTABLISHMENT, Dr. Lang deferred his series of resolutions on the subject of the Post Office Establish- ment, until the Postage Act Amendment Bill should be again under consideiation. SCOTS CHURCH, SYDNEY. Dr. Lang moved, ' That a Select Com- mittee be appointed, to take into considera- tion the points submitted in the Petition of the Trustees, Elders, and Committee of Management of the Scots Church ; and par- ticularly to enquire whether, under all the circumstances of the case, it was equitable that the arrangement originally and spon- taneously proposed by Earl Bathurst, should have been subsequently set aside ; whether the principle of the General Church Act has, or has not been applied in the case of any other ecclesiastical building, either erected, or in progress, before the passing of that Act ; and whether the Petitioners have not been treated with great injustice,- as compared with other religious bodies or de- nominations similarly situated in relation to the Government. Mr. Walker seconded the motion. The Colonial Secretary objected to its being brought forward at that time, as having understood that the consideration of the Estimates was to take precedence, he was fully prepared for the discussion. He had not the slightest objection to a full en- quiry into the subject, but by the concluding part of the resolution there was an assump- tion that an injustice had been done to the Petitioners ;' he therefore trusted that the hon. and rev. member would amend that part of it, as it was not fair to assume an injury of the kind before an enquiry had been made into the circumstances. Mr. Therry followed to the same effect, and felt convinced that the hon. and rev. member would not hesitate in making such an alteration in that portion of the reso- lution as would remove the imputation of such injustice. Dr. Lang, in explanation, said, the object of the resolution was to ascertain whether the Petitioners had been treated in the same way as other denominations. With regard to the injustice, he considered it was not an assumption, but a submission whether their treatment had, or had not, been relatively unjust, in comparison with that of other parties similarly circumstanced. Tho Attorney General thought the word injustice sounded rather harshly, and he would move, as an amendment, that the word 'justice' should be used in the place of 'great injustice,' and that the word 'net,' in the foregoing part of the phrase, be struck out. The question was carried on the motion so amended, and a Committee appointed, consisting of tho following members ; — Mr. Walker, Mr. Icely, Mr. Bownan, Dr. Lang, Dr. Thomson, Mr. Lord, Mr. Suttor, The Colonial Treasurer, and Mr. Hamilton.. INADEQUATE REPRESENTATION. Dr. Lang remarked that there was a notice of motion by him on the paper, rela- tive to the inadequate representation of the colony, which he considered would have been brought forward that day, previous to the discussion of the Estimates. Mr. Windeyer observed that his motion of sitting daily throughout the week would rather expedite than retard the hon. and rev, member's views, as it would give the House one-third more time. ESTIMATES, Mr. Windeyer moved that the Council do sit every day of the week until the Esti- mates be disposed of. He was induced to make that motion in order that as many members as possible might be present at the discussion, being aware that several of the hon. members wore anxious to be at their estates, where their presence was probably necessary. The Colonial Secretary had much pleasure in seconding the motion ; and he only regretted, that his own indisposition should have delayed the discussion so long. Carried. The Colonial Secretary then moved, that the House do resolve itself into a Com- mittee for the further consideration of the Estimates, which was seconded by Mr. Wentworth, and carried. Mr. Elwin having taken his seat as Chair- man, proceeded to explain to the House that at the last adjournment of the Council on the Estimates, there was before it an origi- nal motion by the Colonial Secretary to the effect that the sum of £625 17s. 6d. might be granted to defray the expenses of the Private Secretary, Aid-de-Camp, &c.; of his Excellency for the ensuing year : and that an amendment had been moved by Mr. Wentworth, that all salaries except those over which that Council had no control, should be reduced ; those of £1 000 and up wards, at tho rate of 33 1/3 per cent. ; from £500 to £1000, 25 per cent. ; from £300 to £500, 20 per cent. ; and from £150 to £300, 10 per cent. A notice of further amendment had been given by Dr. Lang, to the effect that all Government salaries should be reduced 25 per cent. Mr. Wentworth said, that his motion of a sliding scale had been made in the spur of the moment, and though he would not say it was a correct scale, yet he considered it better than the fixed scale of tho hon. and rev. Member for Port Phillip. A person in receipt of £1000 a year could better afford to lay down his carriage, than the recipient of £170 could, to deprive himself of his little circle of comforts. Still some kind of retrenchment was necessary, and it was only by some fixed or sliding principle that the House could affect such retrenchment with out recurring to the invidious measure of attacking each item separately. Such a mode was furthermore indispensable after the threat which had been held out of the desertion of several of the members of that House, to look after their sheep shearing, by whose absence the members on the Trea- Bury benches would obtain an overwhelming majority, and no reduction in the Estimates could then be hoped for. With the excep- tion he believed of one of the hon. members for Cumberland, he was himself as large a holder of sheep as any in that House, still he should not feel justified in neglecting the interests of his constituents by leaving his post to do that which might be done as well under the superintendence of an agent. In returning to his measure for reduction, he did not mean to say it was perfect, and one of its inconveniences had been pointed out by the hon. Member from Cassilis, whereby it would appear that the officer on a salary of £1000 a year would be placed on an equality with the one receiving £900. Mr. Windeyer, quite concurred with the hon. and learned Member for Sydney, both as to the necessity of a reduction of the Government salaries, and as to the necessity of adopting some principle by which to effect that object. It was quite clear that if there were so many starving about the streets of Sydney, as they were informed there were, there must be a corresponding diminution in the revenue occasioned by a lessened con- sumption of imported produce, - which fact alone loudly called for a reduction of the expenditure. Mr. 'Walker moved, as a further amend- ment, a resolution, which his hon, and rev. colleague had already given notice of, which was to the following, effect, viz. — ' That it is the opinion of this Committee, that, in con- sequence of the extraordinary and extreme depreciation of property of all kinds that has taken place in the colony, within the last two years, as compared with the ac- knowledged and rapidly increasing di- minution of the ordinary revenue, it is im- practicable to continue to carry on the Colonial Government on the same scale, in regard to the salaries of public officers, as heretofore ; while it is also the opinion of this Committee, that the corresponding di- minution that has taken place in the expense of living would enable the Council to effect a large abatement on the amount of such salaries, without placing the holders in a more unfavourable position, as to emolu- ment, than they were in three years ago : Resolved, that it is the opinion of this Com- mittee, that the salaries or allowances of all public officers, of all grades, of all de- partments, and of all professions, receiving salary or allowances from the public Trea- sury, should be subjected to a reduction of 25 per cent,, from and after tho 31st day of December next." He (Mr. W.) felt much readiness in acceding to the wishes of his hon. and rev, colleague, in submitting this resolution, inasmuch as it perfectly accorded with his own views on the matter. Dr. -Lang seconded the motion, remark- ing that the proposition had originally emanated from his hon, friend, whom he had, in consequence, requested to move it ; and when he considered that it had been represented to the Council by means of the Petition which had been read, that so large a portion of the population were the victims of the existing distress, he thought it only just and reasonable that those who held Government appointments should share the effects of the evil in common with their follow subjects, with whom they had shared the comforts of prosperity. He felt aware of the invidious aspect which such a propo- sition might assume, but in order to show that he had himself been actuated solely by motives of duty, he had himself tendered a resignation of one-fourth of the salary awarded to him by the members of his con- gregation as their pastor. He was like- wise of opinion, that when the Government salaries were reduced in tho same ratio, they would still be equivalent to what they were in times when the general necessaries of life were much higher. He was ready to believe that there might be some cases which would form an exception to the general application of the measure, being already not too highly remunerated; but those he hoped would be few in number, and he thought it would always be in the power of the Council to provide for such in- stances in an especial manner. Mr. Berry reverted to several items in the Estimates, and observed, that the ne- cessity for reduction seemed to him to be very urgent ; and as to the extent, he thought it should be carried to one half instead of a quarter. Before members voted sums of money to be expended, they should know how that money was to be raised. Some further remarks fell from the hon. member which were inaudible in the gallery. Mr. Murray did not think that the extreme measures of reduction proposed by the amend- ments before the House, were at all called for by the exigencies of the case. He considered the most equitable mode of proceeding would be to tako each item of the estimates seriatim, and to decide upon it by its own merits; by which means he felt assured as great a saving would be effected as by the proposed sweeping mea- sures. As regardod the salaries of the Govern- ment officers, he (Mr M.) had no hesitation in saying that much inconvenience would be don to them, if so indiscriminate a mode of reduction were adopted. Many of those officers had been in the colony a long time, and had originally come out to this remote part of the world, with certain prospects and considerations held out to them, which they looked to the colony to fulfil. He would admit that where any increase of salary had been given to an officer since his arrival in the colony, the House might be justi- fied in withdrawing such increase ; but the proposed method of proceeding in the task of retrenchment, only proved that when parties found they had been guilty of an extravagant action, they were too often inclined to rush into the opposite extreme ; rendering themselves not only parsimonious but unjust. He (Mr. M.) had carefully examined every item of expenditure enumerated in the estimates, and had found that most important deductions could be made with- out deducting at all from the salaries of the officers of the Government. In the first place, he found a sum of £97,000 proposed for de- fraying the expenses of the several services and purposes in the schedules annexed to the Act under which that House sat. He admitted that the English Government were justified in de- manding that a fixed sum should be appropriated for the purposes specified in schedules A. B, and C. ; but he contended that too much had been reserved, and he therefore considered that in place of giving £97,000, as proposed in the estimates, they should give the £81,000, which sum was distinctly specified in the three schedules. By that means alone a saving of £16,000 would be at once effected. (Hear,) He also found large sums proposed for public buildings ; and he thought that the prudence of the Government would show to them that they were not at present in a position to proceed with expensive works of the kind. A sum of £12,000 was proposed for the new Military Barracks, on the South Head Road, which he thought, under the present circumstances of the colony, was a sum that could not be afforded. Considerable reductions might thus be made in tho Colonial Engineer and Colonial Architect's Departments. There was also the seemingly useless office of Inspector of Colonial Distilleries to be maintained at a cost of £1,300. This he (Mr. M.) considered might at once be abolished, and he hoped that such a step would be but a preliminary one to the doing away altogether with distillation in the colony. The hon. mem- ber animadverted with much force and severity to the carelessness evinced in that office, as manifest in the almost daily discovery, by other parties, of illicit stills, and instanced, amongst others, a gross case, which had been detected a few days ago, wherein a fraud on the revenue to a large extent had been detected. He maintained, therefore, that the Inspector of Distilleries could not be doing his duty properly, and that the office ought to be abolished, as mischievous and useless, (Loud cries of Hear.) He then proceeded to the item of the Surveyor General's Departmont, and contended that to a certain extent it was comparatively useless. He ad- mitted that there were scientific objects carrying out by the Department — the trigonometrical survey for example — which he should lament to see abandoned; but these objects could be proceedod with at a much less expense than was proposed in the Estimates. Adverting again to the public buildings, and the unnecessary officers of Colonial Architect and Colonial Engineer, he would call the attention of the House to the ab- surdity, in the present circumstances of the colony, if building fine Court Houses and other buildings in obscure parts of the colony — posi- tively in the bush itself, where the incompatible display of Corinthian columns, and plinthes, and architraves, reminded the passing traveller of now Tadmors and Palmyras in the desert — (Hear, hear.) Hethen dwelt on the absurdity of proposing a charge for the supply of Temper- ance newspapers for the use of men at road partifs, which reminded him of a, similar piece of folly which was formerly perpetrated by some Philanthropic persons, who supplied the ladies of Parramatta Factory with Tracts, which were of course used for the purpose of curling the hair of those whose heads and hearts they were intended to convert, (Laughter,) In the departments of public works and buildings he found the enor- mous sum of £3000 proposed for casual re- pairs to Courts of Justice and other colonial public buildings ; and £1780 for additions, alterations, and repairs to the Supreme Court House. Those were items as monstrous as they were unnecessary, and might well be dispensed with altogether ; making in the whole a saving of £70,000, without touching on the salaries of the public officers. (Hear.) He (Mr. M.) had voted the other day against direct or indirect diminution of the Governor's salary, but he did object to the charge for the support of the Go- vernment Domain at Parramatta, which entailed an expense on the public of £600, which ought fairly to be borne by his Excellency, for whoso own pleasure the cost was incurred. He would not at that period of the discussion, go into de- tail on tho large amount proposed to be appro- priated for the Police and Gaol Establishments ; he would reserve his remarks on that branch of the colonial expenditure until the items were se- larately examined by the Committee; The hon. member concluded by expressing his hope that the sweeping reductions in the salaries of the public officers, proposed by the hon. Members or Sydney and Port Phillip, would not be car- ried, as an evident act of injustice would be done hereby. He maintained that although the com- nunity might be suffering distress in consequence of transactions with which the Government had nought to do, that was no reason why they should come on the Government officers, and compel them to share in the distress which their own acts had occasioned. He, (Mr. M.), felt assured that if a real necessity existed, the civil officers would themselves come forward and voluntarily make the reduction in their salaries sufficient to meet the exigencies of the times. He was afraid his Latin was, in common with that of other country members, somewhat rusty — as the hon. and rev. Member for Port Phillip had suggested a few evenings since — and it was unnecessary to address living men in dead languages, which he, (Mr. M,) might perhaps use were he addressing the ghosts of the departed. He would, there- fore use but a very few words, which he deemed appropriate to the occasion " Suum cuique tribuito. The Colonial Secretary did not deem it necessary to address any lengthened remarks to the Committee, after the able exposition of the hon. Member for Murray, to whom he (the Colo- nial Secretary,) for himself individually, and for the other officers of Government, would express their thanks for the terms in which he had ad- verted to them and to their claims. He would not say that he objected entirely to the pro- positions of the hon. Members for Sydney and Port Phillip, because they were not expedient, and because the necessity of the case had not been made out. He would recal to the attention of hon. members, certain passages in the Mes- sage from the Governor to that Council on pre- senting th- Estimates to them. His Excellency had cautiously abstained from taking the Reve- nue for the ensuing year at £400,000 as had been estimated by the Auditor General ; but had taken it from £350,000 to £370,000, observing that it might even fall short of that sum. The estimates of expenditure had accordingly been prepared with strict reference to the supposed diminution in the Ways and Means, and if the amount of the revenue for 1844 should equal that of 1842, a saving of nearly £100,000 would bo effected. The hon. Member for Mur- ray had shown that a considerable reduction might be effected in the next year's expenditure, by staying the progress of certain public works, and other cases of reduction might be suggested as the consideration of the Estimates proceeded, whereby certain expenses might be reduced or suspended. (Hear.) Much stress had been laid by the hon. Member for Durham, on the in- crease of certain of the salaries, but those sala- ries were in the instances of the clerks of the various offices, and not of the heads of the de- partments. In no instance had the salary of any of the latter been raised except in the in- stance of the Post-master General, whose vast increase of duty rendered an increase of salary no more than what was just. The Colonial Secretary then adverted at some length to the particulars of the increase of duty in the Post Office, and passed a high encomium on the Post- master Genoral. He touched upon the salary and the duties of his own office, and of that of the Attorney General, and in conclusion main- tained that it was impossible to lay down a general scale for the reduction of the salaries of the public officers. He courted the strictest investigation into each departmont, and asked that each item should bo separately and fairly scanned. Alluding to the item of £12,000 pro- posed to be appropriated for the New Military Barracks on the South Head Road, and which item had been objected to by the hon, Membor for Murray, he explained that those works had been undertaken in consequence of a vote of the late Legislative Council, and in pursuance of certain arrangements from the Ordnance De- partment, from whom an equivalent would be received. In conclusion he observed that it had been shown to the Committee that the public servants had not proportionately shared in the former prosperity of the colony, and that it was neither just nor equitablo to ask them to share in its adversity. Mr. Jones regretted that a Committee of the whole Council, rather than a Select Committee, had been appointed to consider tho Estimates of Expenditure, involving the appropriation of so large a sum as £330,000. He objected to the sweeping mode of reduction proposed by the amendments before the Committee. The Collector of Customs was confident that the Committee would never agree to so sweeping and indiscriminate a method of en- forcing retrenchment. He referred to the practice of Parliament, and of other colonial assemblies, to show that the discussion of the Estimates of Expenditure was always conducted in detail. He contended that the claims of the heads of Departments were to be regarded as vested rights, (Hear, from Mr. Wentworth) and that the Committee might as well enact that lawyer's fees should in no cases extend one guinea, as to enact so sweeping a measure as was proposed. Mr. Wentworth denied the assumption that the public officers had a vested right in their salaries. He referred to the proceedings in India, where, from the period of Lord Bentinck's Administration to the present time, there had been a continued reduction in the salaries of all grades of public servants. He adverted at con- siderable length to the necessity, imposed by the pressure of the times, of effecting retrenchments in every branch of the public expenditure. He contended that unless a measure adopting a general scale of reduction were adopted, the benches on his side of the House would, from the period of the session, soon be empty, and that the Government officers would then carry all before them, in support of what they called their vested rights. The Attorney. General opposed the amend- ment. He said the public officers, as public men, courted every inquiry into their duties and emoluments, but that they objected to the mode of scrutiny proposed. Hon. members, it ap- peared, wore in a hurry to go to their sheep shearing; but they wish to fleece the public officers before they went. (Hear, hear.) That was certainly a stringent argument for the pro- posed mowing down of Government officers; the only difference botween the Member for Sydney and the Member for Port Phillip being, that the scythe of one was eight per cent longer than the scythe of the other. He contended that the proposed amendment was unjust, and he confided in the justice of the Council to reject it. He would refer to his own case, and it was known to the whole colony that his duties had increased ; that the year before he left the colony he sat as Grand Juror upon upwards of 1500 cases ; and in the face of the Council and the colony he declared that for between seven and eight years, he had laboured for twelve hours a day without being from his duty for a week, and he asked if it would be justice to mow down his salary in the way proposod. If there were any useless office, abolish it ; but he entreated them as men, having the welfare of the colony at heart, not to impair the efficiency of Government by any such general resolution as was proposod. He denied that living was cheaper now than when he arrived in 1832. The hon. member showed the necessity of fixing the Civil List at an amount, which, although it appeared large, was necessary to prevent the Government from being brought to a dead-lock as in Canada. He maintained that the fairest and most proper course would be to go through the whole of the items seriatim. Mr. Windeyer asked whether, since the Es- timates had been prcparcd, the estimates of loss hinted at by his Excellency had not been borne out by the facts ? Mr, Hamilton in a speech of considerable force, which we regret our limits prevent us from inserting, opposed the amendment as indis- criminate and unjust. Mr. Cowper dwelt at considerable length on the necessity for retrenchment in every branch of the public expenditure ; and concluded by moving, as an additional amendment, That the Counoil consider so large a reservation as .£81,000, by the British Parliament for the Civil List, as a direct invasion of their consti- tutional privileges, The amendment, not being seconded, fell to tlie ground. Mr. Therry opposed the amendment at con- siderable length. Dr. Nicholson followed on the same side. Mr. Walker and Mr. Bowman supported the amendment. Mr. WINDEYER supported the amendment, and recapitulated and replied to the arguments against them which had been advanced by the Attorney General, the hon. Member from Cas- silis, and the hon. and learned Member for Camden. Mr. Foster opposed the swooping mode of reduction proposed by the hon. Members for Sydney and Port Phillip. Mr. WALKER briefly replied, and on the ques- tion being put, there appeared, for the amend- ment, 11; against it, 20 ; majority against it, 9, CONTENTS NON-CONTBNTl. Bowman, W. Attorney General. Coghill, John Auditor General. Ebden, C. H. .Berry, A. Lang, Dr. Blaxland. J Lawson, W, Colonial Secretary. Lord, F. Collector of Customs Suttor, W. H. Colonial Treasurer. Thomson, Dr. Com. of the Forces Walker, T. Cowper, C. Wcntworth, W. C. Dumaresq, W. Teller Foster, W. Windeyer, R. Hamilton, E. Icely, T. Jones, R. Macarthur, H. H. M'Leay, A. Murray, T. A. Nicholson, Dr. Panton, W. Teller Therry. R. Mr, WENTWORTH's amendment was then put, when there appeared, in favour of it, 7 against , it, 24 majority against it, 17. On Mr. WINDEYER moving an adjournment, the House again divided, when there appeared, for the adjournment, 9 ; against it, 21 ; majority 12 Mr. Windeyer then put Mr. Walker's mo- tion, substituting 'twenty' instead of 'twenty- five,' on which the House again divided. Con- tents, 11; non-contents, 19; majority against the motion, 8, Mr. Walker repeated the same motion, previously altering the word 'twenty' to 'ten.' A division again took place, shewing the follow- ing result; CONTENTS, NON-CONTENTS. Bowman, W. Attorney General. Bradley, W. Auditor General. Coghill, John, Berry. A. Cowper, C. Collector of Customs. Dumaresq, W. Colonial Secretary. Ebden, C. H. Colonial Treasurer. Lane. Dr. Com. of the Forces. Lawson. W, Foster, W. Panton, W. Hamilton. E. Suttor, W. H. Icely, T. Thomson, Dr. Jones R. Walker, T. Macarthur.H. H. Wentworth, W. C. M'Leay, A. Teller, Murray, T. A. Windeyer, R. Nicholson, Dr. Teller. Therry, R. The Colonial Seoretart having said he had no wish to press the discussion further at that moment, it was moved and carried that the Committee do adjourn. The House having resumed, The Chairman reported that several motions had been before tho Committee, but that no pro- gress had been made on the Estimates. The House then adjourned at eleven o'clock, until to-morrow (Wednesday), at three p. m. 