YORK AGRICULTURAL MEETING. (From tlie Inquirer.) The annual show of stock for the Society's prizes was held at York on Friday last. The fair was not so numerously attended as last year, neither was the quantity of stock for sale so great as on preceding occabions, people generally feeling rather shy of purchasing stock in the present uncertain state of the market. Sales of different kinds of stock wore, however, effected to the amount, in the aggregate, of £800, at about the following prices :—Horses, from £23 to £40, according to quality; cows, £8 8s.; cow and calf, £9 9s.; fat oxen, weighing about 500 lbs;, £13. The only ewes actually sold consisted of a lot of culls, for which the price was 7s.; these were very inferior. The price lor good ewes may be quoted at 25s. Several lots of wethers, fit for the batcher, were disposed of at £1 per head, but this price was refused in more than one instance. For good wethers, weighing from 50 to 60 lbs., the price may be quoted at £15s. Altogether, the impression appeared to be that the price of stock generally was rather on the rise. The demand for cattle was greater than for sheep; this may probably be accounted for on the score that less expense is incurred in their tending. The sheep shown for the prizes were of first rate quality, the judges repeatedly expressing their admiration of the different, specimens. The first, prize, being for the Lett merino ram, colonial bred, was awarded to Messrs. Landor and Knight, for a very fine teg. In this case there was no competition, but the prize was awarded by the judges as a case of particular merit. The second prize, for the best pen of merino ewes, colonial bred, was also won by Messrs. Landor and Knight. The third prize, for the best cross-bred ram, was awarded to Mr. W. L. Brockman, who also carried off the prize for the best lambs. The fourth prize, for cross-bred ewes, was awarded to Messrs. Burges; and the prize for the best wedders was gained by Messrs. Landor and Knight, tor all these prizes, except for the rams, there was considerable competition, and the judges expressed their high satisfaction at the excellence of the unimals shown. For the prize for the best horse, five fine animals were shown: the cup was awarded to Mr. J. P. Smith, for bia. two-year old colt Champion. The show of mares and fillies was by no means so good as last year; the prize was won by Mr. Dodds, for his two-year old filly. The prize fqr the best cow was carried off by the Messrs. Burges, for a remarkably fine cow called Jenny. A bull; also belonging to these gentlemen, was shown for a cattle prize, but as there was no competition, and no very particular merit in the animal shown, no prize for bulls was awarded. All the prizes having been awarded, the members assembled at the York Hotel for the purposes of the general business of the society;—W. Tanner, Esq., in the chair. On the motion of Mr. H. Landor, seconded by Mr. R. Viveash, it was resolved that rule 3, which has referee to the payment of the annual subscription, should be strictly enforced ; and that the Secretary should give notice to all members in arrear with their subscriptions, that if the same were not paid on or before 25th Dec. next, such, defaulters would be erased from the list of members. Several letters were read by the Secretary relative to the transactions of the Society among the rest one from G. Leake. Esq., M.C., stating that a Committee of the Legislative Council had been appointed to ascertain the probable amount of laborers required for the supply of the colony for the ensuing.and following years, and re questing information from the committee of the society on the subject. The Secretary stated that a reply had been sent, in which the committee had given it as their opinion, that about 150 working bands, with the proper proportion of women and children, would suffice for the year 1844. It was understood, however, that this supply had reference only to the wants of that particular district, including Northam and Toodyay, The Secretary then produced his balance sheet, by which a very favorable state of funds was shown, in spite of the backwardness of some of the members in payment of their subscriptions. The following gentlemen were then elected members of the Society;—Messrs. Haselwood, R. Burgh, Carey, Dempster, Mitchison, G. Whitfield, W.. Landor, and. H. Burgh. Capt. Blackwood, of H.M.S. Fly, was elected an honorary member of the society The following gentlemen were then elected to serve on the committee of management for the ensuing year:—Messrs.S. Burges, H. Landor, T. Brown, J. F. Smith, T. Carter, and S. Parker; Mr. H. Burgh was elected Secretary. . Some conversation followed upon the subject of the want of labor, and upon the positive necessity of procuring a supply by some means ; during which the system of bounty to private individuals introducing labor was mentioned favorably by several members. The meeting showed a strong inclination to address the home government on the matter, but it was ultimately thought more advisable to await the result of the application for an emigration loan, now making with the concurrence of the Legislative Council, and the government, and no resolution was come to. The business being concluded, the members adjourned to a capital dinner provided by Mr. Monger, and the evening was passed with the customary hilarity and good feeling. Capt. Blackwood, of H.M.S. Fly honored the members with his presence, and in returning thanks for his health having been drunk, remarked in an encouraging manner on the vast improvement that was manifest in the colony since his first visit. The gallant captain observed that he had been informed that the farmers were, just at that moment, rather dispirited, but for his own part, he had seen nothing, cither in their circumstances, or in the general position of the colony, to give any great cause for despondency; on the contrary, he saw abundant reasons for congratulating the settlers on the successful progress they had made, evidence .of which was every.where around him. The improvement that has taken place in the York district, even within the last year, is most striking. The whole valley of the Avon now offers a continued succession of fertile, and well eultivated farms; the crops are remarkably fine, and every kind of stock is in excellent condition. The farmers may complain, and with reason, at the high rate of wages, induced by the want of a proper supply of labor, but even this evil, great as it undoubtedly is, is almost compensated by the fortuity of climate and soil with which they are blessed. —————— YORK. RACES.—On Saturday last, the York settlers were gratified with the exhibition of this old English sport. It was the first racing meeting ever held in the district, and, without being quite equal to all that we have seen elsewhere, was yet sufficiently successful to give, encouragement to those by whom the races/have been established to make fresh exertions next year. The sport tnigh have been infinitely, belter had not many of the settlers in the neighbourhood held back with that doubt which generally waits on a first attempt. Even as it was, the sport went off extremely well, and as a commencement has now been made, we may look forward to a regular meeting in future. The course has been very well selected by the first stewards (Messrs. S. Burges, and J. F. Smith) on the left bank of the river, fronting the York Hotel, and circles round the base of a gently rising hill, from the summit of which, the whole of the race may be viewed distinctly; it is something less than a mile in extent. The first race was for the York stakes, for which three horses entered:—Mr. Francisco's Napoleon, ridden by Lockyer Mr. Jewett's Fly, ridden by. owner, and Mr. T. Lockyer's 2 year old colt ridden by J. Woods. The race was won with great ease, by Napoleon in two heats; indeed so certain was every body of the issue, so soon as Napoleon was entered, that there was some difficulty in getting anything to start against him. His spirited owner sent him upwards of seventy miles to be present at the meeting, and from this circumstance every body was anxious to make up a race for him; but it was a hollow thing, the other two not having the ghost of a chance against him. The second race was a hurdle race, for the settler's purse, for which the following started. M r. Yule's Billy, ridden by Capt. Blackwood; Mr. Smith's Jack of all work, ridden by owner; and Mr. Burges' Prince, ridden by Mr. N. Shaw. This was an unlucky race : in consequence of some dispute as to weights, after the first heat, (which was won by Mr. Burges' Prince) it was adjudged to be run over again, and a general shifting of jockies took place,—Mr. Smith being transferred to Billy, M r. Shaw taking Jack of all work, while Prince was jockeyed by Mr. R. Burgh. The race was ultimately won by Billy in one heat, the other two being distanced; Jack of all work turning unruly, and bolting, and Prince falling over one of the hurdles and getting away from his rider. There was also a poney race for a saddle and bridle which was won in a very good style by. M r. R. Jones' Charley. This was by no means the worst race of the three, and was rendered curious from the circumstance of one of the ponies being jockied by an Aboriginal native lad in-the employ of Mr. J. F. Smith. It is rather curioas that all the York horses should have been unsuccessful at this the first racing meeting in the district. Napoleon is a Fremantle horse; Billy be- longs to the Swan ; while even Charley, the winning pony, is owned by a resident of Perth. Our York friends must bring out something better next year. 