[?] LEGISLATIVE .COUNCIL. ((Coi&nut;&J;'romjmr litf J Winclejjser enquired .whether since! 4ihe (estimates were made out the falling off r-innfibe revenue had not .evea exceeded tbej governor's nUtici patio ru ! Mri Hamilton characterised the amend. > ,jnent8 as idle selfish and unjust. The! council bud no right 6q legislate ia the .dark The invidioE&ness; of examining- into the -salaries of particular officers was! arrist>8t weak; argument. If any member thought a particular salary was loo high it' Was his .duty to vote against. it and show: tbis reasons foe: so doing. Another cir cumstanoe wfaichwould induce him to vote .against the resolutions was, that it was out; of the power of tbe council to deal with ihe most important salaries, and while it was so he would not deal with those which; happened Ao foe within their reach. '" MrrCawper had' examined the Esti-j mates carefully and was of opinion that ithe sura ; reserved ' for the civil last was .sufficient to meet all the objects contem- , ''plated ; and that reservation was in itself "a grievance which the council should pro test against in the regular winy. By re educing- the establishments and only allow ing £5<iK)0 instead of .£12000 to meet un ! foreseen demands under the Char, h Act, the sum of £81000 would norbe exceeded. | He concluded by moving a resolution to I the effect that the council feel aggrieved I by so large a sum being reserved for i the civil list, which it considered a direct in- 1 vasion .of its constitutional privileges. The resolution was not however secon ded. Mr.Therry said, that the schedules were never intended by Purlfament to limit the amount for the services contained in them; but were merely as a minimum ; and when :the members talked of constitutional pri vileges, what privileges had they beyond 'what the Act of Parliament (which reser ved the civil list) gave them ? .(The ho- norable member then explained the histon f -these schedules, which arose from the 'government of &ahada; having; immedi ately before the rebellion, been brought to a stand still for want of funds.) He op posed the amendments because thev were indiscriminate and would work unjustly, as they were to be applied to all; whether «ver worked, or ill paid, or over paid. < Dr Nicholson thought that the council should on every opportunity express its sense of the distrust of the character and loyalty of the people of the colony, which bad been shown - by dealing with the civil list the same as bad been done with Canada. It' was true, the council was called into existence by Parliament ; but there were certain indefeasible rights which even the -omnipotence- of Parliament could hot deprive thetn of, and one was the right of being-taxed only by their representatives. Hedid not think the amendments proposed wohld work fairly , they had no resource 'left; but :to -go 'through the estimates in 'detail'; some salaries be thought would -bear being cut down 50 per cent, and others might be abolished altogether. The . 'Civil -Engineer's- Demirim'pnr i«» I t cr - - 1 a, laigc sum; for'wbicb there1 was inadequate re- -torn. The charge which the cbuncil ought emphatically ta oppose was the police and gaol:- expenses, rendered necessary in a J great degree by the presence! among us of convicts and expirees from Norfolk Island, and making the colonists the fablers of England.- ( « 1 ' Mr Walker said, that if the council did not reduce the salaries in this way there I wohld be no reduction at all. What was the council appointed for but to ennnirol ;irito the finances' of the colony ? They tvere bound by no contracts previously xnade; - ' .'' -Mr Bowman and Mr. Windeyer spoke thfavdur of the amendments. 1 DrLang;in explanation to some remarks by MrTherry, stated, that his reason fpr proposing an equal reduction wasj hat he; thought every "salary bad beelri properly; adjusted ; but, from the discussion which bad taken placet he found be had not pro perly 'understood the matter ; for it appear- 1 ed'somehadgot the lion's share- ' " Mri'FoBter briefly replied to the! argu ments for reduction, by stating bit opinion that' all- the modes of- doing so which were dfihViame 'nhture as thebfst before thel iKi.J si ii'M'i-. !; ;'.! v nr.-. fsr.i '.-.vis; ; ' - ': . ' -.1 '' House, wet# little else than a mode of shirking the question, to get clear of the labour of going through the items seriatim. It they would enquire, and make it appa rent where reductions were necessary, he' would go to the utmost with any of them. After a few. word's in reply by Mr Walker,' bis amendment was put, when the votes were — ayes 11, noes 20 ; majority 9. Ayes. , ' r Noes. Ebden ' Colmial Secretary Walker Colonial Treasurer Br Thomson; ' Attorney General - W C Went worthy. ,_v>Co m:.of the-Forees Bo vifr&ais;"" .« > Collector of Custom s Lawson, " ' Auditor General Ciohill" ' = M'Leay; . Lord ' Jones Dr Lang' Icely Suttor itHniilton Windeyer, teller; . _ Blaxland /- MacarthUTr ' ' ' r ";1 " Bef.ry v, ' dumarbsq ; ' ; a#r Nicholson . ' M«rray Berry Foster G&wper; v i Therry, teller; j 'Aeecond division then, took place fnTj the reduction do the same amount, accord ing to Mr Weatworlh's sliding scale, when I the numbers were — noes 24,. ayes 7; majority 17. j Mr VYindeyer tbeci proposed an adjourn1 ment, which was also lost, the numbers I being — adjourn 9% go on 21 ; majority 12. 1 Mr Windeyer then repeated Mr Walker's j amendment, only substituting tweoty for 1 twenty-five, when the numbers were — j ayes 1 1, noes IS; majority S. 1 Mr Walker repeated the same' motion, only substi'uting the word ten for twenty, wheff the numbers were — ayes 14, noes ; majority % . . t 1 The following were the votes on this division— j Ayes ,'No. 1 Ebden Colonial Secretary I Walker r Cqloriial Treasurer j Went worth ' ' 'Attorney General j Bowman Com. of the Forces J Lawsoa Auditor Geberal Cogbill Collector of Customs j Dr Lang .M'Leay. . - I Suttor , JDr Nicholsoa I Dr Tl ompscn " .Hamilton. . , J Dumaresq . ..."yH AlacarttuiflJ - J Cowper ----- - 1 Pan'on Foster I Bradley Murray j. Wmdeyewteller. Jones I 1 lcely j 'Therry, teller. I Afrer the above division, the Colonial | Secretary said, he bad no inclination to | ontinue the discussion further, j After a short conversation, thd house | adjourned at about half past eleven, I ! Wednesday, Sept. 27« I Mr Windeyer' presented a petition from a number of persons who were sufferers by I 'he default "of the late Mr M'Quoid, sheriff of New South Wales', praying that the sums owing to them should be paid oht of the funds of the colony, and a petition from Mcrton and Muswelibrook, against the establishment of district couacils, Mr Wentworth put the question to thel Colonial Secretary, whether it was the intention of the Government to introduce, during the present session, any measure for the better regulation of the duties on spirits and of the tariff generally.. The Colonial Secretary said the subject had long occupied, the most anxious con sideration of the Government. One prin cipal difficulty which existed was, that, in the present state of the revenue, the Go- | vernment thought it incumbent to hesitate before proceeding to any measures ; which might have the effect of deteriorating that revenue ; and there was also another rea- 1 son which was ?hat the high price of spirits I consequent on the high fate of' duty had I considerable effect on the amount of con- 1 sumption of spirits in the colony. Such j a tariff was in course of- preparation for proposal to the House, and he hoped to be I able to lay it before the House before the I oiaqa nf thA nrAQonf' onocirin I 1 wivwv W4' uw |«svw%,u« My«elVtl| I Dr Lang gave notice of bis intention :io (move a series of resolutions respecting education. . Mr Jones complained of what be considered a breach of the privileges of the 'House. He is a director of the trust company and! in cdnsequence,;of his voting in favour of Mr Weiitworth's bill for regulating in- I rerest. Mr Elwin the chairman , of the Board of Directors had informed him ; he should feel it bis duty to recommend bis ! removal from the list of Directors. Such conduct be conceived to be an attempt ; at influence calculated to destroy the in dependence of members of that House. Mr El win explained that he had dope no m6re than his duty as chairman of the Boqrd of Directors. He cerlainly did J tink the " honourable member had been I (gralty of the ' grossest inconsisteiicy, one | day to. promulgate opinions, which if acted | j iipon, would plunder the company of half I its revenues, and the next , day to come j to tbe Board of Directors to superintend j f th6 distribution of loans. He denied that I he boufd Have1 been guilty of any. breach of I privilege 'since what he said was afterthe votp badr; been 'given. ' When Mr Elwin j had" concluded a very long' defence he I ot A B ; li'ib f. i c ::: kr.-i . .-/-n:; ; . ...... j . i quitted, the chamber and left tthe matter I wholly in the hands of tbeTcOupciL / A I very long discussion ensued %vbich ended I in nothing ; the general feeing appeared to be that the circumstance cmflplained of, was not such. as the House .abould motice as a breach of its privileges The couneil | having resolved itself into a ctf&mittee; on | the estimates. The chairman said, the business laid before the committee was. | the motion of the. ColonialASecretary I ' that the sum of £625 17« 6d%mighVbe I voted lo.defray the expenses ohe Guar- Jnar'8 establisbrrient fbr t6e vear '84 I After considerable discussion -Mr . Walker moved as an amendment, that the. expen- j diture under consideration should be de- j frayed out of the sum reserved in schedule B of the act 5 and 6 Victor 56. Another I long discussion took place/ and on a dive rsion the, original motion was carried by a j majority of IS, the Ayes being 24» .the Noes | PORT PHILLIP. j The Colonial Secretary moved the fol- j lowing -suras I Two. Clerks — one of-the sen | . cond class, £245 — and one of the third, £144. . .£3S9 0 0 Messenger, at, Is 9d per diem 32 .0 6 Forage for two horses for the | Superintendent......... 109 16 0 1 Stationery . . 80 O O i Incidental expenses . . .... 125 O O £735 16 6 . In 1842, these expenses amounted to £542, in 1843, . to £58 6, showing an increase on the estimate Aof £149. This was caused by the increase of the salaries of the clerks, by a charge for stationery, and£70 to provide additional clerical assis tance if required ; £70 had been saved by the office being transferred to a public building instead of. a home being rented Sjme conversation then took place upon this estimate ; the amount for horses was strongly objected to, especially as the Superintendent's salary had been raised from £800 to £1500 ; and the Colonial Secretary. consented to withdraw it. Dr Lang then movedj that it should be trans ferred to schedule B, which, as it was evidently the feeling ..of the House, the: Colonial 'Secretary agreed to, and the; ameodment was carried .; without opposi-i lion. . Mr Ebden rem$£ked; that the great. . extent of district rraired a iarge expen-i diture necessary. The Colonial Secretary took this oppor tunity of explained to the Council, that in: 1837 a board was appointed to consider! 1 the remuneration that should be given to 1 clerks, when it was determined that the clerks should be divided into three classes, the first to have a minimum salary . of I £300, increasing, by £20 a year, to 400 ; the second claB, to have £200, increasing | by £20 a year, to £300 ; and the third to commence at £125, and to increase by I £l5 a year, to £200, It being dis inctly understood, howeyer, that these amounts were open to annual revision by the Legi<» | lature. These regulations were framed in consequence of the gieat difficulty there was in inducing respectable, young men to remain in the employ of government; they were continually leaving to commence sheep fanning or. to enter int.o other specu lations of tbe-lday. He ped the council would not tbihk of reducing the salaries; of the>clerks> speaking of thein generally, they, were a respectable and efficient class: of public officers and well worthy ot the remuneration they received. The Colonial Secretary then introduced the estimate for his own department, which; although provided for in. schedule B, he wished to undergo 4he strictest scrutiny.; the consideration of it was postponed in; order. -that some information required might be obtained. Thuksday, Sept, 28. A message .from the Governor proposing: amendments in the Lien on wopl Act wasi received and ordered to be taken into con sideration to morrow. ' Mr Ebden presented a petition from Mr Henry Fowler, claiming com pensation from the council for injuries and wounds re- neivpH Hv him in i>ffpnlino'.thA nnnhirA of 1 certain bushrangers in April, 1842. I The Colonial Secretary said, he did iibt j intend to oppose the receipt of the petition ; oh the contrary, he was prepared to give I it his fullest support. The subject had already been under the I consideration of government' for some | time ; a suni of £200 was on the esti- | mates for the ensuing1 year, which, if the | council pledsed to vote it, would be paid to him. 'J' A. The resolutions respecting the repre sentation of which notice 'had been given by Dr Lang and Mr- Therrv, were post poned uutil the estimates shall be disposed ! of. - ;; ; : ! The" Registry Bill was referred to a committee. : i In a committee of tbe whole house upon the estimates. The Colonial Secretary moved the amount proposed for the Cus toms establishmeni. Mr Windeyer (iidyed that the salary of the Collectbr be reduced from £ IOO6 to £800. a . year. The' 'Col lector adverted to the whole cost (if collect ing the revenue being but 4| per cCht ; he said he had given up a similar 'situation in Epgiand .with a salary of £800 a year, pnd shewdj ' "as worse pff licre. us ; .. A:.;' : He had ser vefl his copntry upWards oV 36" years t; 23 years he was itJ the army, for wb,icjhe,r«eiye)d no hnlfpy .qr pension and he was suequetfly,|ietVe w ad 7 years in Jamaicfi, Mr C<f»per- moyFj »s a further amend/tient, thtt ihe whiilacust of the Department be r'ed«ced$0. percept,, which, on;> .a division, was. carried by "a majority, of 1 5. Tfie ayes Aeirig 23, ones 8, . F«idav,(Septembsb .1 :%'r The amendments, in the Lien Act, posetl by. his ExcellenL wtegreedlp. . Mc Foster, pr es en t epCHr pe titi on -jfrqaa parridB engaged Yn Athe; mannja cu'onial Wine, praying|f6fan .alteration in the Licensing Act The Colonial Secretary expressed himself desirous to see the alteration in the law made. The council having gqne into committee on the estimates, Mr Windeyer renewed the motion he had made yesterday, for reducing the salary of the Collector of tbe Customs to £S0h. A long and somewhat angry discussion ensued in the course of which the Collector said the House had no power to reduce his salary, and if they passed suoh a vote be would take the amount out of the collec tions— a threat which he was- obliged to. \- retract. On Mr Elwin making an excuse : for the warmth of expression used by the Collector under the circumstances. Mr Walker said, that the honorable ; member appeared to be under a mistake. ; It was not a mere warmth of expression which the House was called upon tore- prove; but tbere was an important ques tion to determine — which was, whether the council could or could not interfere with the salaries of their officers ? He could ' have no doubt on the question, .notwith standing what had fallen from the bonor- : able, member from Cassilis, fur it was at his own suggestion that the' clause of the Act' of Parliament eni powering the council ; to regulate their salaries had been framed in tbe way it now stood. In the' Bill as at : first proposed to the House of Commons, the power proposed to be given this council was merely a power to ' audit the accounts asagayaaaaiHi enWWoerween ni m self and the Under Secretary of State, who, in writing to him. 4rankmitf ing a copy of the amended Bill, pointed out that some of bis suggestions had been atteuded to. Ifthe council had I any doubts/ however, the matter shbtild at anceAbe settledbjpt he ' bopedihat tb i» mi/ht be done withoht taking thq?step proposed by the honorable member Tor Sydney ; if >not, however, he should sup port, the motion that the house do resume. Mr Windeyer's motion was negatived by a. majority of. 15. Mr Wentworth moved to strike out the estimate for the Prince George, cutter, but was in a minority of 7. ; The amount estimated for the customs at Port Phillip was: agreed to ; Mr VValker giviog notice that he should on the follo w- ipg day move for an: addition of £100 a year to the Sub- Collector at Melbourne. The council then adjourned. Colonial Press.-— VVith tbe present quarter two of our co|oqial pajfers have ceased to exist. The Teetotaller gave up the ghost on Wednesday ; considering what a numerous body of Teetotallers there are in the colony, it does not reflect much credit upon them, that they have a' lowed tbe only paperdevoted to the advo cacy of those principles which they con sider so highly important, to fall to the ground for want of support. The Observer will be published for the last time this morning.; there 'has been' a great deal of ability displayed in this papier at different, timqs, but as every thing has been made subservient to the personal views of the conductors of it, its fall does not cause us much surprise. As one passes from, another enters on, the stage of existence ; the preparatory note of a weekly paper to be called the Sydney Record, having been sounded in the Observer, with a promise of a prospectus on an early day. District Councils.— (His Excellency the Governor has notified that the fol lowing officers , have been appointed a Unatfi tn av .1 n\i»i A &t; 1 ; wuaiu vv CAOUIIUC auu . jcpurt uu vue quai i iflcation of candidates for . the appointment I -of Surveyor to any District . Council, under the 4 1st clause of the Act of Parliament 5 and 6 Victoria' c. 76# viz ; President—; Sir Thomas L Mitchell, Knight Surveyor,: General Members — Samuel Augustus: Perry, Esq.; Deputy Surveyor- General ; and Mortimer William Lewis Esq, Colo nial Architect. Mr Hosking having persisted in bis re signation. Alderman Willshire has been: elected Mayor, dnd Councillor Macdermott Alderman in his place. Councillor Flood has also been elected Alderman in the steqjlofAldermanO wen— resigned, : I 