IRELAND. ANOTHER ATTEMPT AT MURDER.-Truly this county bids fair to become more notorious than Tipperary, where crimes unparalleled for brutality and atrocity have been almost daily committed. Let us hope that this is but an isolated case, and we have every reason to hope it is, for, in point of fact, a crime of so heinous and diabolical a nature has not been commuted in this locality for many years. Such ferocious attempts on the lives of un- offending victims, have been, hitherto confined chiefly to the neighbourhood of Moneygall. The particulars of the case are as follow : - On the night of Tuesday last, the 13th instant, about the hour of half-past seven o'clock, a party of six armed men came to the dwelling house of a farmer, named William Young, at Rathgibbon, within three miles of Parsonstown; Young and his family were, at the time, sitting round the fire ; three of the party remained outside, no doubt to give the alarm should any persou chance to approach the house ; the other three entered, two of whom were armed with, a pistol and a dagger each, and the other with a blunderbuss. On going in, one of the fellows ordered Young to come upon the middle of the floor : the ruffian with the blunderbuss placed Young's wife and children in a room, on which he remained as a sentinal during the murderous attack. On Young complying with the mandate, the two fellows presented their pistols at him ; both providentially burned priming. Seeing they had failed in thus accomplishing their object, one of the miscreants struck poor Young a violent blow of his pistol on the head, which inflicted a large wound, and felled him to the floor. On seeing this, Young's eldest daughter, a girl of about 16 years of age, who had, up to the present, remained unnoticed by the fellow with the blunderbuss, threw herself between the villains and her father, exclaim- ing "spare my poor father to his small children, and murder me ! " With unrelenting anger and hellish perseverance, the vile and unmanly wretches fell upon her, tore her garments and the hair from her head, and inflicted no less than four large wounds on her arms with their daggers. In the struggle one of them also stabbed Young in the neck, and inflicted a dangerous wound. Seeing him and his heroic daughter lying insensible on the floor weltering in their blood, and no doubt thinking they had fully completed their bloody and fiendish design, they were about to leave the house, when the ruffian armed with the blunderbuss, who, up to that moment had done nothing except to keep the wife and children in a room, seemed determined that he would close this tragical and heart-rending scene ; and discharged his blunderbuss at his unoffending victims. Fortunately he aimed a little too high, and, consequently, the contents of his piece lodged in the opposite wall. They then departed. During the conflict Young repeatedly asked what he had done? The only reply he got was, "they would murder him, and his family should quit that neigh- bourhood on the following morning." The only cause assigned for this outrage is, that Young took a farm (the one on which he resides, and which contains nearly sixteen acres), about 18 months ago, from which the former tenant had been ejected for non pay- ment of rent by the landlord, Mr Robert Cas- sidy, Monastere an. Young and his daughter lie in a very dangerous state, and weak from loss of blood. They deny knowing any of their assailants.-Leinster Express. UNREQUITED LOVE.-The following singular " romance in real life " appears in the Derry Journal. The legend of St. Kevin and Kath- leen, with " eyes of most unholy blue," has at length been paralled :-There are now, or were lately, in the Waterside two persons whose joint history is not unlike that of Jason and Medea, only the female party has none of that fell spirit of vengeance which burned in the bosom of the Colchian sorceress. Their names are James Connell and Bridget M'Guire; he a carpenter, and ehe, by courtesy, a spinster. To escape the persecution of her blandishments, he has had to fly from place to place ; and she, with the same instinct of a slenthhound, has tracked him wherever he went, and insists that she shall have the beatitude of at least gazing on his face, which,1 we may state, is not exactly that of an ! Endymion. This gazing she declares is all that she wants, and maintains that there is no law to stand in the wny of that enjoyment. I The fatigue, privations, and grief which she has endured, must have brought her «o her grave had she not been sustained by her sin i gular infatuation. The parties had lived together in the house of Connell's brother, in j the parish of Crough, county of Limerick, where it is probable they became mutually I enamoured ; but, at length, he took French leave of her, and repaired to Newcastle-on Tyne, whither she followed him, and on their j first interview she begged him only to allow her to study and doat on the lines of his : countenance ; but there being a passiveness in this irreconcilable with his active habits, i he again fled, and found refuge, as he believed, I in Dublin. There also be was overtaken by his inamorata ; and, on a charge of being amorously stared at, he had her several times , committed to prison, and once had her con- j I fined in the county lunatic asylum. Two years passed over their heads in this manner, when there seemed to be a revival of affection on his part, for they went together to Liverpool, and there lodged in the same house. His former aversion returned, however, and in the beginning of August last he fled to Derry where, in a snug retreat in the Bogside, he fondly hoped he would be secure against the lady's intrusion. Most fallacious that hope was. Jn a few days she appeared in his apartment, and like Margaret's ghost, com- menced staring at her victim. He had then employment at the new barracks; and, as he went to and came from his work, she was never absent from his side, and when ile was at his meals she. sat at the table, with her eyes upraised to the cause of her enchantment, but never partook of the food which was before bim. This mesmerizing process having become intolerable to Mr Connell, he applied to the mayor for à summons against her, abd, having employed-a professional gentlemen to conduct his case, his fellow-workmen clubbed their money to engage another on the part of the defendant. The issue was, that he was nonsuited. He had removed from the Bogs.ide, and taken lodgings in the Waterside, where both he and she have been nearly these three months on their .usual terms of attraction on one side, and repulsion on the other. He allows her neither meat nor drink, nor does he pay for her lodgings ; while her delight is to pass with him, as he goes to and from his work-to sit outside his workshop when he is there ; and, when not admitted into his lodging along with him, to sit in the street opposite to it, which she often does for whole nights. We hear that she has:, experienced kindness from both, tiie lodging- house keeper and the neighbours. On the 151h ult. the authorities found jt ^necessary to commit her to the county gaol, where, for three days. and nights, she rejected, all manner of sustenance ; and at thé end of that time, alter having beeb, visited hy Br. Bogan, was Bet at large. The confinement has produced no change in her conduct. It ought to be stated thiat she is ia remarkably pretty woman, and, bot for the eccentricities we have mentioned, her conduct has been faultless. We have jost heard that the sen- sitive, but obdurate itrtConnell, has again fled. NpCTUBMAi. AsSBKBUBfO Of Bl3BBOHI(BN. On. ithe night of the 22nd «f December instant the Ballinagh police, Ander the command of Sergeant Spinks, came up in the town land of Shannon, parish of BaUintemple, countyCavan, with a large party of 'men, amounting to at least two .hundred, who were marching in regular order, five deep, accompanied with music, several of whom were armed with either guns or urge poles, carried on their shoulders like fire-arms. They were under regular command. The police, who had con« cealed themselves behind the fences, heard the word " halt" gûrea. The police jumped up, challenged them, and receiviog no Teply, seized «even, one each, who axe now ia Gavan gaol. Parties similar to that mentioned have been frequently met on the roads in this neighbourhood after night. Balls, as they are called, are held lu different houses, from which, women being excluded, there can be no doubt that- mischief in some form is intended. Great praise is due to Sergeant Spinks and his party for their exertions on many occasions ; they are a most respectable and active body of men, esteemed by every well-thinking person in the community. Evening Packet, 