CONFESSIONS OF A SPONGE. I was born on the island-prison of the Empe- ror, where my Father, who was a discreet sort of man, holding an appointment under Govern- ment, but, in course of time, circumstances with which I am unacquainted, induced the family to emigrate to these shores. The history of my life till the period of his departure from this world, is monotonous enough, but then, when left to my own resources, commenced the work- ings of that soul, the developement of those traits of mind which leave me now no greater consolation than to feel that loathsomeness of self, and that heartfelt and deep regret for a mean and ill- spent life, which forces me to confess thus publicly, in hopes of amelioration. My first scheme of importance was a marriage for money; but here I met with that disappoint- ment which seems to have followed me through life. The Father of my Wife let his Daughter come to my arms but his cash was not allowed the transfer. The consequence of this was that I treated her as ill as I could, out of revenge to her relative. After the birth of her infant daugh- ter my cruelty soon reduced her to the verge of that grave which I now so much dread. To her however it would have been a happy release, (?) me a galling thought, but of her anon ........ ................................................................... The house I lived in was by no means uncom- fortable, and the woman I lived upon not of a bad sort. Her income was limited, very much like my own, and the world will perhaps think me liberal in confessing that she was emaciated by distresses, and unable to add to her fortune, while I was hale and hearty, and well able to have shifted for myself in the world. But we cannot curb the morbid passions of the mind!—I loved to revel in their dark abodes. Well, the years rolled on without disturbing me, but time at length brought thought, and thought despair. I thought of sepulchres and death, and half determined to remove the burthen from this hus- bandless though married woman—married, but husbandless—where then was he? Need I say-- in a mad-house! Yes, and there he remained till the spark which had so long held an aching spirit within a wearied and exhausted frame, sprung from its jail to soar in purer climes. Well, here I dwelt, and 'fared sumptuously.' Ha! conflicting thoughts crowd over me when I think of him who fared the same in Lazarus's story, I think of Hamlet's ghost, 'who supped his fill of horrors (?) entailed upon him by myself and extravagant brothers, had prevented his leaving much cash behind-—he brought nothing into this world, and it is certain that he had nothing, had he been so disposed, to take out of it. Upon his death we found ourselves in an unenviable, though not positively embarrassing circumstances. Through the frugality of my eldest brother, however, we continued to enjoy, for some length of time, the ample privileges of domestic life; and had he been able and disposed to have allowed me to continue his idle guest, probably some of those darker qualities which are met with in the course of my career, never would have reached the ear of society. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 