LATEST ENGLISH NEWS, Her Majesty has been pleased to appoint the Earl of Rosebury to be Lord- Lieutenant of Lin- lithgowshire, in room of the Earl of Hopetoun de- ceased. The 1st Dragoon Guards have received orders to hold themselves in readiness to return home from Canada. The 83rd have received orders (o hold themselves in readiness to return home from Canada. Lord ttendlesham, the conservative candi date for East Suffolk, has. been returned by a We majority over Mr Adair. B The marriage of the Earl of Leicester with the accomplished daughter of Mr Sam. Whitbrcad a relative of Lari Grey, was solemnized on Thursday April 20th, at Cardington. near Bedford. *' On 25th Ipril, six waggons, each drawn by four horses, arrived at the Royal Mint with upwards of one million and a quarter dollars worth of sycee sliver, being the last moiety of the Crst instalment namely, 5,000,000 dollars, of the Chinese ransom. Cuuard's line of steamers to Halifax smCj Boston, have now resumed their half-monthly tripa across the Atlantic, thus affording facilities for speedy communication with the United States. A searching investigation is about to he instituted by Government into certain abuses which have been detected in the Excise, similar to those which some time ago were discovered in the Customs. A collision has for some time been suspected be tween certain authorities in the Excise and some ex tensive manufacturers of tobacco. A great part of the body of Dissenters, called Irvingites, have just returned to the bosom of the Church of England. The celebrated vocalist, Mrs Wood, lias released herself from the rigorous discipline of the convent and naturally enough has joined the society of her husband and child, which she never should have Ikft. The managers of the aerial steam-ship concern are building their wings at Montpellier gardens, Walworth, London. * The Post- office contract for conveying the Irish mails upon the two great lines of road between Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, comprising a distance of two hundred and thirty miles, has just been declared by the Postmaster-General for a period of seven years in favour of Mr Croll. The former contractors had held it for many years, and realized considerable pro perty from the speculation. It appears, from the calculations made at Paris, that when the railroad from the French capital to Calais, and from Dover to London, is completed, the whole passage from Paris to London can be made in sixteen hours. A Parliamentary paper has been issued containing a correspodence between Mr Rowland Hill and Sir Robert Peel relative to the removal of the former gentleman from the temporary situation at the Treasury, in connexion with the Post-office, recently filled by him. The late Chancellor of the Exchequer, it appears from some Parliamentary papers, engaged Mr Hill, in September, 1839, for two years, at a salary of £ 1500 a-year, to give the Treasury the benefit of his services in carrying into effect his own plan of penny postage; before this term expired the Whig Government was driven from power, but previously to its expulsion Mr P. Barring informed Mr Hill that he thought it would be advantageous "to continue his services beyond the two years originally settled; that he (Mr Baring) did not deem it expedient to make any engagement beyond one year, but that Mr Hill might consider that for one year from the ex piration of the two former years his services were en gaged on the same conditions as before." This ex. tension was confirmed by the present government, and the three years expired in September last. Two months previously to Buch expiration, Mr Goulburn intimated to Mr Hill that he did not think it advisable to make any further extension of the engagement; whereupon Mr Hill complained that he was removed before his plan was carried out, and sought to be re instated for such term—without salary, if it were any obstacle—as being necessary to perfect it and all other postal improvements he had in view; to which the Chancellor of the Exchequer replied, that the principle of the penny postage was now thoroughly understood, that so long as a post-office should continue, opportu nities for improvements would present themselves, and that the retention of an independent officer for the purposes of conducting such improvements would either lead to an entire supercession of those who are responsible for the department, or a conflict of au thorities prejudicial to the public interests. Mr Hill appealed from this decision to Sir Robert Peel, and the Premier supports Mr Goulburn. A terrible and fatal powder-mill explosion happened at Waltham, on Thursday, April 20th, on the Powder-mill River, a branch of the Lea, where stand a series of Government buildings for the manufacture of gunpowder. In one part of the coming-house seven men were at work. Mr Sadd, the master worker, had just entered the buildings and at five minutes before three o'clock in the afternoon, the building blew up, with a loud explosion— not one of the men escaping death. The total damage is esti mated at £10,V00. Twenty-seven men and boys had lost their lives by an explosion in a coal-mine, at Wrekenton, on Gateshead Fell. On Tuesday, April 25th, a melancholy and fatal accident occurred to B. Ferrand Busfield, Esq., late of Magdalene Hall, Cambridge, and who is nearly related to the members for Bradford and Knaresborough, which terminated fatally. It appears that Mr Busfeld left town at an early hour for the purpose of going upon a cruize in her Majesty's steam ship Vulcan. He proceeded in a cab to the Bruns wick Wharf, at Blackwall, and upon arriving opposite the Brunswick Hotel, Mr Busfield alighted and walked along the path leading to the wharf. The cabman directly after heard a splash in the water, and cries of "Help, help." The cabman immediately raised an alarm, a boat put off from the Fulton, and drags were procured, but Mr Busfield was never seen afterwards. The deceased was a young gentle man of promising abilities. It is only a fortnight since, that intelligence was received of the death of a brother of the deceased, who perished in Canada by drowning. At Manchester there is an increasing de mand for all descriptions of power and hand-loom fabrics, and at very full rates, whilst on many a slight advance mint be noted. This state of things is en couraging, in die bee of a large weekly increased production, consequent on so many mills that have been so long at a stand being again in motion. Tfce demand for India and China is immense. In York shire and other manufacturing districts there is a manifest improvement in trade with a fair prospect of its continuing to increase. The Scotch papers state I that a great amelioration has taken place in the con dition of the population of Paisley, so long subjected t to the maximum of privation and suffering. A treaty with France on Post Oificce affairs has been brought to a conclusion, and will come into force next June. It diminishes by one half lite coal of sending letters from England to France, uml from France to England ; nnd considerably reduces the cost of postage on the letters passing through France, and therefore at once affects the vast correspondence be-1 tween this country and our East India possessions. An enormous steam-engine, by far the largest ever constructed, is now in progress of manu facture at Harvey k Co's Foundry, Hayle; tha piston rod, which was forged last week, is 19 fi*ct long, 13 inches diameter in the middle, and 16 inches in the core, and weighs 3 tons 16 cwt. It will work in an 80-inch cylinder, which will 6taud in the middle of another cylinder, of 114 inches diameter. Five other piston rods will work between the inner and outer cylinders. We conclude, for this lias not been explained to us, that the piston of the external giant cylinder will be perforated in the middle for the bO-in. cylinder to stand in it, and will work between the two. The 80-inch cylinder was cast last week, and the large one will be cast soon. The-jnimps are to be 64 inches in diameter! a measurement which may afford some idea of the size of the engine. It is intended for Andning Harlem Lake, in Holland, and it is expected TkjJsit other orders for similar engines will be received from the same quarter. — Sherborne and Yeovil Mer cury. A tailor who lives in the romantic village of Burton-on-Stather, and exercises a wit as polished as a goose, and as pointed as a needle, has discovered a mode of travelling which, in point of fbetness, is ouly second to the imagination, and may bid defiance to every other means of transit which human genius has yet devised. He makes it appear beyond the shadow of a doubt (in his mind) that it is possible to go to New Zealand in twelve hours; and the way he purposes doing it is to go up in a balloon, and lay to in the clouds until the earth Has made half its revolu tion, and then, by descending, he feels assured (hat he will find himself at the Antipodes! We hear that when he has procured n patent for the machine (which in his mind's eye is perfect) he will at once make arrangements to spend three days a-vveck in New Zealand, where he hopes to find employment for the surplus tailors of England, by teaching them to clothe the naked and grow cabbages. We do not know how he will do away with the earth's attraction, and the numerous atmospheric influences; but as he is such an adept at annihilating space, he will undoubtedly be able to modify or control matter.— Shrewsbury Hews. The Wesleyan Missionary Society lately transmitted a handsome carriage as a present to the King of Ashantee. On being told that her Majesty the Queen of England had seen the carriage, the sable potentate was highly delighted, and delivered himself of this handsome compliment to Queen Victoria:— " The Queen of England is Queen of Queens of the white people, and I am King of Kings of the black people; and now we have carriages alike ; this is very good." The Wtfberforce, iron steam-vessel, was commissioned at Woolwich, in March last, by Lieute nant H. S. Moore. Mr W. Benuington is appointed second master, and Mr W. D. Rowe clerk in charge. The Wilhcrforce is to proceed to the Gambia. Sunderland, says one of the late papers, is in an uproar. A young mariner of the Myrtle, named Cairus, 6aw his sister's ghost at sea, and again, a few nights ago, in his vessel on the Wear. She promised him a second visit in a short time, when she would reveal something of importance. A rumour went abroad that twelve o'clock on Thursday night was the appointed hour, and long before that time upwards of a thousand persons were congregated near Sunderland churchyard to catch a glimpse of the ghost, as it wended its way from its own narrow bed to the bed side of the haunted sailor; but although they had the patience to remain at their post until one o'clock in the morning, in the midst of a delightful drizzle, their curiosity went unrewarded. At the York assizes a person named Moody brought an action against another named NicUolls, to recover damages for criminal conversation with the plaintiffs wife. The parties were both residing in the neighbourhood of Leeds, the plaintiff being a printer, and the defendant being the proprietor of one exten sive lanyard and co-proprietor of another. They in- i habited adjoining houses, and an intimacy sprung up between the families. Mr Nichols was also a married , man. Mr Moody on the discovery of his wife's con- : duct, took for her a small house in the neighbourhood : of Leeds, he himself having at that time removed into ! the town. She refused, however, to remain there, and came back to the house in Wesley-street. Mr Moody left the house in the charge of the mother of his wife,' Mrs Hargreaves, and slept for some time in the house j of a friend, a gentleman of the name of Topham. j Again he took a small house for her in another neigh bourhood, and there she resided for some time, but again she insisted on returning to the house in Wesley street. Mi Moody could not turn her into the streets to starve, and for some time she was allowed to remain. Moody, however, took up his residence with his friend Mr Topham, and on the few occasions when ne cessity compelled him to pass a night under the Bame roof with his wife, Mr Topham and himself occu pied the same appartment. Mr Moody is about thirty two, and Mrs Moody about the same age. They were married about twelve years ago. Mr Nichols is about forty. Verdict for plaintiff—damages £50. William Mulcahy, James Dwyer, and Michael Burke, the prisoners who were tried at Clon tnel, on Tuesday, March 14th, for the wilful murder of Thomas Murname, the jury having been locked up all night, were called into court the following morning by Baron Lefroy, when, it appearing that there was no likelihood of their agreeing, they were discharged. The prisoners wilt be again tried at the next assizes. Their agent challenged tweuty-five of the most re spectable persons on the panel. The Crown did not I*£ any by. The Sydney Salting Company is now in full operation, slaughtering and salting bullocks at the Rite of twenty .five a day. The process is that recoin ttended by die Deptford Regulations, nnd the meat ml be packed in casks, bearing the company's brand. We congratulate the colony upon the company being in full operation, and we would suggest, that to make •he quality of the meat known, samples should be sent off as early As possible to the Commissariat Depart ment at Bombay, Madras, Calcutta, and Hongkong, as there are reasons to believe that* the Home Govern ment may resolve upon supplying the ships and troops «n the Indian station with beef from this colony.— Herald, June 9. At the lastsittings oF the Court of Requests, w the recovery or debts not exceeding £lU, many cases were lost in consequence of the non-obedience t? witnesses to their subpoenas. The learned com uustoner stated his inability to enforce the attendance « witnesses; the result or which inability will be the Sosuig of the Court. Surely the Government should «use to Usue subpoenas, and to receive fees in pay. w** for them, if they are of no use, and the commts *?? « not possessed of authority to enforce obedi ?«?to then.— Cbmimff Cftrowfc. i 