WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY'S THIRD ANNIVERSARY. A NUMEROUS and highly respectable meeting of the friends of missions was held on Monday evening last, in the Wesleyan Chapel, Gawler-place, this being the third anniversary of the South Australian branch of the Wes- leyan Missionary Society, the Hon. William Smillie, Advocate General, in the chair. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer. The Chairman then rose and said he felt it his duty to attend this meeting, and afford it what little countenance he could by his pre- sence. Annualy there was a deputation from the Church of Scotland, the Church or which he was a member, to the Meetings of the Wesleyan Missionary Society, held in Exeter Hall, and, since he appeared on that platform two years ago, he must say, he had read the reports of those meetings with unusual interest. Occupying, as he did, a station of some little prominence in the colony, he felt it his duty to do all in his power to assist in objects of this nature, but, irrespective of such considerations, the Wesleyan Missionary Society stood upon its own merits, and demanded the zealous co- operation of every member of a Christian com- munity. What distinguished the Wesleyan body above all was, their greater fervor and seal in the cause of religion, and their greater indifference to conventional forms or modes of worship in their endeavors to do good. When they considered the great end of their asistence \-- the great goal after which they were as- piring -- -they ought to come. on occasions like these, with a broad catholic spirit. And yet he could not help thinking that this was a most important epoch, a time, in fact, in which they were upon the eve of most important changes, changes requiring every man to appear in his true colors. On one side and the other, strug- gles were apparent. Efforts were being made by the Church of Rome to spread her ancient corruptions. The fester was rising, and would come to a head unless it received a check. The outward aspect of corruption, he regretted to observe, was becoming more apparent on the bold front of the Church, and it would require much exertion to remove it. Happily, how- ever, there was sufficient of the antagonistic principle in institutions of this kind to keep error in constant check, and they had, therefore, in looking at the true signs of the times, but little cause for alarm. The hon. and learned gentlemen proceded in a similar strain at great length, and then concluded by calling upon the Rev. Mr Weatherslone, the secreatry of the society, then read the report, of which the following is a copy:-- Report of the Auxiliary Wesleyan Methodist Mis- sionary Society fo South Australia, for the Year ending Decmber, 1842. "Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gos- pel to every creature," was the command of Christ to his disciples, just before he ascended up on high, and in unison with that injunction they went everywhere preaching the word with signs fol- lowing. Had the piety and zeal by which tbe first propagators of christianity were distinguished continued with their successors in office, soon the whole world would have been filled with the "Glory of God." Unhappily, however, they be- came indifferent about the spiritual welfare of the churcb of God, and the wants of a lost and pe- rishing world—strove sifter the acquirement of wealth and power—and religion for ages was all but vanished from the face of the earth. Such was the state of things when God, in the order of his providence and grace, raised up Martin Luther and employed him as the great instrument in His hands to bring about the reformation from super- stition and error. From that time to the present the work of God has been rapidly progressing onward. Perhaps at no period was the church of God more concerned for the spiritual interests of mankind than at present. She is beginning to feel her responsibility, and is making noble efforts for the spread of the Redeemer's Kingdom. But if the world is to be evangelised at the present rate, ages must pass away before this important work is accomplished. Something must be done on a more extensive scale. Zion must not rest until the righteousness of God goeth forth as brightness and the salvation of our God as a lamp that that burneth. Doors of usefulness sure being opened in every direction, which this and kindred institutions are ready to enter when the means for doing so are afforded them. It is con- fidently hoped that this assembly in connexion with Christians generally will feel a greater interest than ever in the moral and spiritual welfare of the human family, and assist on an extended scale to send them the Gospel of the grace of God. We proceed to lay before you a brief view of the Society's Missions throughout the world. MISSIONS IN ENGLAND. This unhappy country, stilt greatly afflicted with superstition, to which source all the evils it has been subjected to for ages maybe traced, engages the attention of the society. They em- ploy 28 Missionaries, 2 Scripture readers and 44 schoolmasters. The children in the day-schools are nearly 4000, besides some hundreds who at tend the Sunday schools on the different Mission Stations. The committee are anxious to afford the chil- dren of Ireland instruction, based on scriptural and protestant principles, on a much more extended sale than hitherto done, as this is one of the great means of rescuing tbe rising race Irom tbe errors of popery. MISSIONS ON THE CONTINENT OF EUROPE AND THE MEDITERRANEAN At Winnenden, in the kingdom of Wirtemberg [Wuerttemberg] Mr Muller, assisted by many of his truly converted countrymen, continues to labor with diligence and success. In France an unusual measure of success has attended the labors of tbe Missionaries. In the south, which is the principal sphere of the Society's labors, fresh openings for usefulness present themselves, which would be immediately entered had the Society the means at command. Here there are 20 Missionaries. SPAIN— The Missionaries, Messrs Rull and Lyon, having been driven away from Cadis by the violence of popish persecution, Gibraltar now enjoys the advantage of their undivided la- bors. The beneficial influence which the English Mission at that place has long exerted on various parts of the world, through the medium of pious soldiers who have been connected with it, is well known; and Mr Rull referring to the Spanish department of the Mission, states that " the work advances steadily, and finds acceptance mong the generality of the native population." MALTA—Tbe Missionary hat labored amid considerable discouragement, but prosecutes his happy toil by the prospect of future good. MISSIONS IN CEYLON AND CONTINENTAL INDIA In Ceylon the work still continues to prosper. Missionary operations have been commenced among the Bedauhs, a wild and barbarous people who inhabit the jungle in the interior of the island. Fifty-three families are now formed into ??? villages, and applying themselves to the culti- vation of the land. They have shown grest readi- ness to receive religious instructions, and upwards of 750 ??? have been baptised. There are between 5000 and 6000 children in the schools. On the Continent of India the Missionaries are pursuing their work with great zeal and fidelity amongst the people. Much of their work is of a preparatory nature. The people are the subjects of long and rooted prejudices, which must all be done away before they can be benifited by chris- tianity. This part of the Mission field, hitherto the most unproductive, will in the end be the most fruitful. The Societies which have been ga- theeed together continue faithful to their Christian profession. In India and Ceylon there are 39 Missionaries. SOUTH SEA MISSIONS. In New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, and Port Phillip the missions arts in a state of grow- ing prosperity. The congregations and societies are rapidly increasing, and there is a great demand for more help. South Australia we are not without tokens of the Divine presence. The Society has been considerably increased within the last lew months. At the last visitation there were 317 members in society. Attention has been turned to the natives of the Murray, and it is confidently hoped that, with such representations as the Church will be able to make to the committee in London, a mi- nister will be sent out to these people. Your Missionary intents shortly to proceed to the Murray on a tour of observation, and to report the state of the natives to the British Conference. Westen AustralHUieMtssaionary reports that! ■fci?Stive children, Momisasx to abont thirty. iS^ ■?••«?"<•«?«• PWrweas to spelliiuj,mi |P|P"t to ttt New TcstS?ts?Srt. tfcei are re ceiving ideas of God, of hia goodnen, justice, presence, &c; , In New Jseal?nd tbe Society's Missions Lave I been greatly extended, and tbe prospects of nie ces* in tlibt land ot savage barbarity mit very chetring. In New Zealand tbeir are fourteen, and more than I*2oo members in Society, FUIENOLV ISLANDS. Tbe iuspe*??tw> pt Missionary operations at I\>ngataboo, which it was the painful duty of the committee to ««nouuce last year, was happily only of short continuance, and tbe present state of things there is very encouraging. The Kinp of those Island* le steadfastly attached to the Chris. tian religion—he has experienced its power—uses all bis influence to extend the Kingdom of Christ. He is a useful and acceptable local preacher. There are eight English Missionaries, besides Native Teachers 352, Members 8360. FEGBE The state and prospect* of thin mission call for gratitude to Almighty God. The converts to Christianity have generally maintiiiied their stead, fastness amid many and great trials froi.t their countrymen. The superstitions of the people within the influence of the Mission at Lakemua have been considerably weakened, and there are many new openings (or usefulness. Missionaries seven, Members 544. j MISSION! IN SOUTHBBN AI'KICA. | Tlieae Missions present a vary eucouracing | aspect In the course of the year several hun dreds have been converted to God. No. 38— about 2000 Members. WEgTEBN AFBICA Presents a scene ot deepest interest. Mar.y o| the Missionaries have died, but God carries on his work. In the Kingdom of Ashantee a station has been formed. The King Ims receiver! tin; mi nisters veiy favorably, and many of his household attend the word of life Seventeen Missionaries, nearly 4000 Members. WBBT INDIES. This is the oldest station of the Society. In former yean tbe servants of God labored amid ! much opposition to promote the spiritual welfare I of the Negro race. Their efforts have been ! crowned, by the Divine blessing, with the greatest success. There are nearly 50.000 members in tbe Societies, exclusive of persons who ure mem bers of congregations, and the children under instruction in the week-day and Sabbath schools. There are eighty-six Missionaries. The schools are in efficient operation. NORTH AMEBICA- The report* from Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and the island of Newfoundland are of a highly encouraging character. Chapels have been built and enlarged in several places, and in tbe midst ot much poverty, a noble spirit of libe rality has been evinced by tbe people in co operating with tbe Committee in making provision for the support ol the Missionary pastoi6, as well as indirectly contributing to the funds of the parent Society. The mission* amongst the Aborigines of Wos. tern Canada and the extensive territories ot the Hudson's Bay Company manifest proofs of grow ing iinproveine?t. Tbe Missionaries have not as yet been aule to form Societies amonget rhrsv savages, owing to their peculiar mode of living, their being lew in number, and very much scattered: but thpy are in labors more abundant; and hopeful sijpiaare beginning to «how them selves as tbe fruit of their holy, arduous and telf-denying services. In North America there are 90 Missionaries, and 14,000 Members. BVMMA&Y.; Tbe total lumber of central Missions stations, culled circuits, occupied by tbe Society in dif ferent purts ol the world, is 2GI. The number of Missionarries employed, vx elusive ol CatbevliiMe. &c.;,&c;, i«368 Tlf full and accredited rhurch member*, exclusive of those under the care of the Society* Msswonarien in Ireland, is 87,253 The number of xcholara in the Mission schools is nearly 60,000- The receipts of the Society amounted to the cum ol £101.688 2 4 Tbe expenditure 93.754 7 !) Leaving ■ surplus of. £2,933 14 7 The Committee of Management, in consequence of the urgent requests for help from various foreign sutionc, «nd the withes of the ItUndaol Mission! in Great Britain, so that the Society should extend its operation*, and relying upon the assurances of friends at home and nbroad of pecuniary aid being forthcoming, they tan into ! debt. The debt in three years amounted to £40,003; but which, after the repayment ol loans granted to *ome of the foreign auxiliaries, was reduced to £30.01)0. This, by special efforts in England, ha? been reduced to a"10,000; and this fearful sum, for which a large amount of interest j hat to be paid, annually clogs the society, and it | can only be reduced by the friends of our common Lord. £100,000 will be required mutually to keep up the Wealeyan Missionary Society on its present scale, to say nothing of rxtendinp the operations of the Society. The diiectom of the Society depend upon voluntary contributions in carrying out tbe great work, and as South Aus tralia ha* already* «tnt them £10(1. we tnmt thnt the appeal made to you this evening willnot be in vain—that you will respond to it in h liberal manner; and may He, without whose aid nothing is holy, or good, or wise, give Mis Meetings to our efforts. Amen. Edward Stephens, E?q., then rose to move the adoption and printing of the report. The meet - in? would allow him to thank them for the very kind tninner in which lie had been invited to attend, and the Chairman, he trusted, would allow him to say. that the address with which he had opened 'he meeting did honor to liis private virtues, swid reflected great credit upon hit public office- Many happy meetings «f this kind had been enjoyed by them in their father-laud, but they were now 16,000 miles away, at one of their missionary stations, and had an opportunity of testing the mission ary spirit, tnd estimating ihe value of mis sionary enterprise. The question* for their consideration this evening, therefore, were, what had they gained by Ihe missionary spirit? and how far had they been made partakers of the benefits to be derived from missionary en terprise ? When they reverted to the mate of things six years a?Ro—tho spot on which they stood being then an untilled 6eld—a link, in fact, in the chain of the hitherto unbroken forest—not a stone of the building in which they were assembled, or «if the other numerous buildings around them, placed one upon another—and yet the population pouring in at the rate of five hnndred a week—what was it, be would ask, which had led to the change* which they now observed around them, but the prevalence of the missionary f jiirit ? What, for instance, had led to the direction of the Rev. Mr Howard, w the Rev. Mr Stow, and other Christian ministers, to this spot, and to the manner In which they had been supported and sustained, bat the spirit to which henad already referred f Here, then, there was a particular illustration or the value of missionary enterprise. And ?btt weald that particular bedy of Christians tnerttog th ew< tne Wesleyan Methodists, have awe without this * On board thai vessel in which he himielr had come out, there wet* eleven owibodisU, bat they bad oo pastor, or place of public worship, when they ] landed, and yet, in answer to au appeal to home i for assutance, a minuter had been sent out, ' and they now had around them a splendid ; building, and a company of three hundred and ! seventeen members brought into the fold of ' Christ, the fruits of the missionary spirit, and ! the reward of missionary enterprise. From . the report wuich had been read, the Society '• at home, it would seem, hail the sad practice I of getting into debt, and ho feared they were going to follow the example uf the patent Society. Their individual means were smalt, and they had been obliged to have recourse to the missionary fund for their minister's sup port, but be trusted they should soon be able to send back more- than they had ever received. Nothing was farther from their wishes than to have any portion of their current expenses falling as a burden on the missionary funds. With these remarks, he should conclude by moving tho adoption of the report. The Rev. Mr Teichelmann briefly seconded the report. He was sorry to observe a smaller attendance than on that day two years, but congratulated the meeting upon the prospect held out in the report of a missionary's being sent to labor among the natives on the Murray. The non-success of himself, and his missionary brethren from Germany, in the conversion of the natives to the faith of Christ, had been a matter of frequent condolence, and to none more so than to himself, but he was not dis- couraged, and should still go forth, remem- bering that duty only was theirs, success remaining entirely with God. The motion was then put and carried. Dr Hiibbe, lately from Germany, then rose and submitted the next resolution, namely, " That this meeting acknowledges with devout gratitude to Almighty God the great success with which He has been pleased to crown the operations of this and kindred institutions in their widely extended fields of labor." The in- spired testimony of the sacred Scriptures was, that whoever offered praise aright, glorified God, and to them would He show His salvation. To this he called particular attention, as they were about to express their gratitude, and he trusted for himself that it would not he done otherwise, but with a broken and contrite heart. The want of facility in the English language would prevent him from addressing them at length, but his heart was with them in their endeavors to promote the good work. Mr James Allen rose to second the resolu- tion. In common with others, he had listened to the report with great interest, but was not disposed to set down the comparative small- ness of the attendance to any abatement of the missionary spirit, but to the dispersion of so many of the settlers over the country districts as compared with that day two years. Every- one must admire the spirit in which the reso- lution he had risen to second was put to the meeting by the gentleman who preceded him, but, as a practical man, he was particu- larly struck with Mr Edward Stephens' address, which had dealt with the question before them as a practical question, and which had so forcibly shown the extent of their in- debtedness to the spirit of missionary enter- prise. One fact in the report was particularly deserving of notice, he meant the fact of £lOO,OOO a year being raised by such an in- stitution as this, a fact which, whilst it pre- supposed the existence of intense interest in the cause on behalf of which such offerings were made, it at the same time illustrated the extent of the Society's operations and success, and called upon them, in the spirit of the re- solution, In temier thiir ilinvt mknouliclfr- ments to Almighty (iod. In dealing with the matter of suecoss thus generally, he had no desire to overlook the detail of patlicuUr in stances of success to whic.li the resolution had reference, but on this, as on all other occasions, it was well to cultivate a spirit of dependence upon assistance from thar ** it is nut by mi<;lif nor by power, but by the spirit, uf the I,?r Tho mot inn wax then carried onnniiniititly. Mr William Giles, senr. Manner of the. South Australian Company, then submitted tho third resolution, namely, "That as the suceeps of all human efforts to evangelise the world must depend upon the special influence the Holy Ghost accompanying lite (tame, lliis meeting pledges itself to unite in ardent and l persevering prayer fur a more copious niitpnnr j ing of ihe grace of God upon missionaries 1 themselves and the great work in which they are engaged, and further to render lite pecu niary aid necessary for carrying out the merciful designs nf Jehovah in regard to a lost and j mined world " Paul might plant, and Apollos water, but God alone could give the increase. The reason why they had no greater iucrease, however, wan, because nf tlie sina'lnpsa of their prayers. Had they a hundred Whiiheids, and a hundred Wesley* at the present day, they would soon see tho work of conversion going on, anil would have to bless God fur graciously answering their prayer?, and succeeding their effort* to advance His cause. Mr Macdougatl seconded tho resolution. Christians should be very careful in pledging themselves, and this resolution contained two pledges; first, that of ardent prayer for the outpouring of tho spirit, and, next, that of increased pecuniary aid. Tim conversion of the aborigines of the province would be nf im mense advantage to them, both an Christians and «s men. If the natives of New Zealand had been converted, he saw no reason why the aborigines of South Australia might not be brought into the same state. Living as they were among the heathen, and surrounded as they were by so many heathen nations, there was a great call upon them for exertion, and to this they should at all times be ready to answer. The Rev. Mr Stow neither rose to move a resolution, nor yet to second one, but simply to support that already before the meeting. Enough had been said to show that the work of converting the heathen was the work of God the Spirit, and that it was their duty to unite in prayer for the outpouring of that Spirit, but there was one view of the subject, which would allow of some little enlargement, and that was, the reasons they had to expect the influence of the spirit in connexion with missionary operations, if honestly, and sin- cerely, and constantly sought. Analogy was on their side, and the day of pentecost, the period of the reformation, the times of Whit- field and Wesley, and the success of the missionaries in the South Sea Islands, might be instanced. If success attended exertion and prayer then, why did it not attend them mow? It was from their want of union and faith. He had not given much attention to prophecy, less perhaps than he ought to have done, but there were some grand leading features which none could overlook, and from these it was to be inferred that the grand obstructions to the progress of the Gospel were to be borne down by the providence of God. Popery wat doomed, Maliomtuct «*s Ij ml, • Pagatiitin was co be bound dcvii, and die I Jews were to be brought in with ilia fulness of the geutiles. Signs of tfao times existed. Indicating tlio approach of these events. Ouu of tlie.e siirus waa the awakening of the church lv die great t-iilorprise of con verting the w<,rld. This was a modern event, and seemed tn tell us (<> look and sec what God wan about to do. Seeing what vlirisliaus were attempting, they had us id noli right to expect a hai vest as the luislianiim-iu who went forth to plough and sow. Another sign of :hi> times was tlie open door givmi to the church for labor liy the good providrnce of God. China hail been closed against tlu-in, but alter some liard knocking, it had at length been opened, and by their prayers, he trusted, it never again would l>« closed, but that they should have faithfulness enough to enter into it. The in ilion wan then carried unanimously, and a collection on behalf of the funds of tiie society was made, amounting. in con nexion with what had been received ou the pre vious day, to £18 and upwards. Tito or three other resolutions, principally matters of form, were then passed on the mo tions of Messrs Maorhouxe, PcucucU, Stuck*. and Keynolds, and the mectiug clitoed with j Hinging and prayer. | I 