ENGLISH EXTRACTS. (From the Examiner, Oct.15, 1842.) Whig Sowers and Tory Reapers.-The dinburgh Review, remarking that, as the ory leaders "carried catholic emancipa on in 1822, so they have laid the founda on of commercial freedom in 1842," thus isposes of the question as to the praise or lame to which they are entitled. " We o not blame," says the writer, " but neither an we commend. In both cases the men ave been compelled to yield to events. n the history of states there are periods in hich words when spoken cannot be re alled; there are measures which, however, igmatised, none but the most frantic par .sans can dream of repealing. Further, these measures and declarations, if founded )n just principles, become the abundant ource of measures of the same character. The seed is cast into the earth-it must and kill germinate-the harvest may be more .r less delayed-it may be reaped by other, and more unfriendly hands; but the har vest time will surely come, and in its abun !ance the labours of those who broke up vhat seemed for the time an ungrateful soil-the skill of the husbandman who first guided the plough; he who sowed the good oeed which God has blessed with the in rrease-will not be forgotten in acknow edgments offered to the better-paid Ia )ourer, who has gathered the sheaves into his barn, and who enjoys the produce. It s on these grounds that we thank Fox und Grattan for the bill of 1829; and Lord John Russell and Mr. Baring for all that is good in Sir R. Peel's budget." Dwarkanauth Tagore has had.an audience of Lord Fitzgerald, at which the noble lord delivered to him by command of her Ma csty, a gold- medal, as a special mark of Ier high wappreciation of the public and private worth of that distinguished baboo. Prororoation of Parliament,-Parliament c was on 'tLhursday afternoon, by royal com- .1 mission, further prorogued until the 10th t November. Lord M:orpeth, after making the entire r round of the United States, West Indies c Canada, and the Upper Lukes, has reached e Albany very much better. Mr. Van Buren is at Kinderhook, waiting to re ceive Lord Morpeth, whom he has invited to spend a few days with him before he leaves fbr England. Lablacho is said to be dangerously ill at Ii Paris, of inflammation of the chest.. The neighbourhood of Whiteehapel church t has for several nights been the scene of con- n siderable excitement, an absurd rumour d having got into circulation that exactly as a the clock struck eight, a ghost in snow white a apparel was to be seen stalking along the v churchyard I The Thatched House Tavern, in St. a James'-street, is nearly levelled to the ground. On its site is to be erected a new club house for the junior united service. The Clergy and Field Sports.-In proof of the increased attention to official pro priety and consistency now paid by the clergy of the Established Church, the di- I minished numbers of that body who qualify themselves for what are called field sports, t by taking out game certificates may be ad- c duced. There are not more than thirty a clergyman included in the first publication t of the game lists for the county of Essex, t for the present year : the number was, within a few years, more than double. Clhurch-building Contract.-Incredibleas a it may appear, not only has the £2,000 been N obtained for a church in the west of England < by tile collection of the amount in stamps but a further sum of £4,000 for a like object t has been obtained by the performance of the samne whimsical stipulation I Both the collections were made by ladies of rank. i The donors have certainly done their best to take off the grace of the donations by t exacting so ridiculous a condition.-B3ury Post. Genrral Fast and Prayer.-On Friday, a general fthst was most strictly observed, 1 and prayers offered up at all the chapels of the Wesleyan denomination in the metro polis and throughout England, forthe future prosperity of the country, and more par ticularly as regards those districts in which so much distress has and is at present pre vailing. The members of the baptist missionary society from various parts of the kingdom, assembled in London this week, for the pur pose of celebrating their fiftieth anniver sary, by a series of sacred services and social re-unions. The navigation committee have come to the determination that Capt. Fisher, R.N., principal harbour master of the port of Lon don, shall in May next, commence the work of clearing away the wrecks of the Apollo and Waterwitch, which were sunk in the. Thames about five years ago. Two new piers are about to be erected at Kew, for the accommodation of the in creased traffic on the river. A Long Contest.-At Berlin a suit has just been decided, after having been liti gated for nearly three hundred years, by the two noble houses ofAremberg and Man derschield. The quarrel orignated in a marriage contract. The suit has been now decided in favour of the house of Arem berg. Government, we understand,. have. re solved to employ convicts, forthwith, in re pairing the fortifications of Gibralter. An earthquake took place on the 0th of September at Gross-Kanicha, in Hungary. The churches and houses of the town all suffered. i An interview with the Pope.-The room in which we were received was a small t apartment near the library, and nothing could be less magnificent tlhan this little re ception room, though in the middle of the richest palace in the world. His Holiness wore a white dress, which, I believe, is that of the monastic order to which he belonged and also the small white cap with which all i portraits; Raffael and Lawrence inclusive, have made' us familiar. His countenance t is amiable, and expressive of much gentle ness, and his stature rather below the com mon size. We found him standing in front of a small table, which was placed before a canopy, under which I imuagine he would 0 havesat, had not his politeness to the ladies, t he expected, prevented it. The party there fore naturally formed themselves into a semicircle round him; and his first words 11 on seeing how extensive that circle was, were "La stanze 6 troppo picculo !" He a looked at us all with much good humour d and kindness;,but as he did not walk round the circle, and as the persons forming the f circle were not instructed to pass before d him, he rather harangued than conversed with us. But considering the awkwardness of this arrangement, he managed it exceed- fui .ingly well. Hoe inquired our names from pr the Hanoverian minister, in thie order in pI whlich we stood, and very politely expressed pi regret that he could not address us in our wi own language. The appearance of the su circle was singular enough, firom the landies p being all dressedin black, and wenringblack pr veils (which is do riguelr), while the gentle men were as gaily habited as possible; all en being in full dress, chiefly military, and at one in the full H]ighland costume. This lust. especially attracted the attention of" his holiness, so much so, that the graceful si young chieltan was compelled, in some sort, Le to make a step forward, that his lloliness, might have an opportunity of seeing more distinctly the jewelled powder horn, which th appeared particularly to have arrested his fi attention, but which lihe mistookl fur a mull ' which he said lie had formerly seen a to Scotchman carry, offering the contents to a all his friends-a very natural mistake, snuff being, very propeirly, a more familiar th idea to his Holiness than gunpowder. nt He then asked the minister if there were tic not a' literary lady in the company, which li being answered in the afirmaltive, and the in individual indicated, his Holiness enquired ce what species of compositions had been in prodiced, and then remarked that 'there nu were many books written' in English, but tliat' lie haid not read them.' -IHe then, do apropos of the great advantage of a general tI acquaintance with modern languages, spoke fr to us of the extraordinary acquirements in C that line of the Cardinal Mezzofante, and S relajedn an ecdote respecting him, in which tlis remarkable faculty haIl enabled his Ce Holh?ess to detect a renegado christian who a atteriipted to pass himself as a Turk, de sirous of professing the Catholic faith-the ri ' Roman Catholic faith,' added his Holiness t( significantly, correcting himself. He told k this little story with a good deal of spirit, w and altogether got through the audience, si which for many reasons must have been si rather an embarrassing one, with a great deal of good-humoured ease. We remained thus standing before him for about twenty minutes or half an hour, and then he bowed us off. According to different prophecies of the bible, the chronologists had calculated that the time which God had appointed to set the children of Israel free is fast approach- - ing; some of whom state that it would have taken place between 1840 and 1850f while others fixed it from 1444 to 1847. Poss~al Treaty.-We have reason to be lieve that the postal treaty' between Great Britain and France is on the point of com pletion; and that a considerable reduction Ii in the rates of postage between both coun tries will be immediately announced.- c Herald. [We have reason to believe that the postage from Paris to London, and vice versa, will be about one half the present rate.]--Globe. Fire in Westminster.-Shortly after two on Monday morning a fire broke out at Mr. Streak's Horseferry-road. Several engines soon arrived and subdued the flames. On the outbreak of the fire the turneock of the a district was sent for, and on his way was I observed to stumble and fall; having re- d gaiined his feet, he proceeded to the spot, clearied'the plug, and turned on the water, when'he instantly fell back and almost im mediately expired. Fireat Sea.-The Sylvian, bound from Celte to Boulogne with a cargo of coal, took I fire at sea on the 22nd ult. and was burnt i to the water's edge. This accident arose from the spontaneous combustion of the coals, moistened -by -water- from a leak. The crew had perceived the fire three days befoie the flames burst out, but the cap taimt'havi'ng stopped up all the issues, had continued his course, in the hope of making the land and disembarking his crew. The flames,. however, forced him to abandon the vesseland to take to the boats at the mo ment he was fifty miles from land, with a strong wind in his teeth. After extraordi nary exertions the crew reached the Bay of Rosas, in Spain. Accident to Sir W. Geary, Bart.-On a Thursday morning at Oxon Heath, the lion. t baronet, on entering his dressing-room, fell I over a glass screen, which was broken to pieces, and a large fragment, presenting a very sharp tapering point, inflicted a fright ful wound on the rightside of Sir William's neck behind the lower jaw, within thesmall est possible distance of the carotid artery, and dividing one of its principal branches. Lady Geary, who was in the next room, I instantly ran to Sir William's assistance. He was stretched on the floor, his blood gushing out with fearful violence. At her ladyship's suggestion, her maid (a Swiss) a seized the wound and tightly compressing it with her hands, stayed the frightful effu sion of blood. In the meantime messengers ihad been despatched for assistance. It was I found that the only chance of saving the patient was by performing the important and difficult operation of tying the carotid I artery, -in order to prevent hemorrhage the least renewal of which must have been fhtal. The operatllon was most skilfully perflrmed by Mr. Starling, assisted by his partner, Mr. VIne, and Dr. Taylor. Unthap jlily the previous extensive loss of blood which Sir WVilliam had sustained produced such an entire inanation, that an attack of paralysis was superintended.,-AMaidstonc paper. 'he Convict Bean --The lad, John Bean, convicted of a misdemeunour for shouting at the Queen, and sentenced to eighteen month's imprisonument in the penitentiary, 1Millbank, lilts been attacked with illness since his incurceration ; he is of a weak constitution, and has been put to tailoring. We learn, by a letter from Athens, that the King of Greece had experienced a fall from his horse, but that, having broken the violence of the shock by contriving to come to the ground on his hands, he escaped with a few unimportant bruises. 7We understand that the Duchess of Su therland, in order to co-operate with the noble duke in his efforts to extend educa tion on his grace's vast estates in Scotland, has given direction that the various school masters should bIe sent to Edinburgh at her expense for the purpose of being instructed in the system of education adopted at the normal schools there. Earl de Grey left Newby-hall on Satur day for Liverpool, to embark for Ireland. the noble earl arrived on Wednesday from West-park. The Earl and Countess Cowper, and viscount Fordwich left Great. Stanhope-street, on Saturday to join his ex-. cellency at Liverpool, with the intention of, accompanying his lordship to Dublin. The King of the Belgians has just autho-. rized the immtnediate establishment of a sys tem of primary instruction throughout the kingdom, including religion, reading, writing, the systems of weights and mea sures the first rules of arithmetic, and in some cases French, Flemish, or German. 