oRXGxrciLZa coaaESPQEnasarcjE. To the Editor of the Teetotaller. I am sorry that circumstances compel me j trouble you with this, hut truth demands hat some notice should be taken of the ravings if the redoubtable Father Farrelly, who has ieen exercising the talent he so eminently pos- esses, in slandering the Independent Urder fltechabits," a body of men that would be oivered by being contrasted with him. The matter I refer to — is, the liability of he members of this order to be transported ; low painful (says the Rev. slanderer) the bought to be seperated from your wives and unifies, to be transported for seven years, — ; or me to write home to your friends to tell hem you had been transported for being ' ' mem- iersof a Secret Society," and to crown all, i 'when on your death bed you will be denied t he consolation of religion," how characterise ; ic of a minister of Religion, to deny its con- olations,to whom 1 — a Murderer, — ahighway- t nan, &c.; — No ! but to the members of a se- 3 ret society, — how dreadful, how my blood ' indies at the thought , what an effect it must I avehad upon those immaculates who listened t ud applauded the sympathetic priest ! — What a e ireadful set of men these Rechabites must be ! hey ought to be avoided by all good men ! ! ® Jow Mr. Editor, allow me to inform the uni- y HUtltCU. WHO anil \VLldX iiicbc i\\.cuauni.b d |St( They are Teetotallers ; yes, Sir, regular d eetotallers, for they are pledged not to drink e ilcholic drinks themselves, nor give them to U ilhers except at the Sacrament, or when pre- n cribed by a physician, this is what I call true 0 eetotallism, they must be such to be Recha- fits,— 2ndly, 'i'hey are associated together for d he purpose of aiding each other in sickness and ir lisftess, on principles vastly superior to a com- a aoii Benefit Society, not excepting the St. 'atrick's Benefit Society, of which this said 'ather Farrelly is President, Treasurer, &c.;, in ;c,,and also to supply the widow of a Brother, rith the means of decently interring him. And s> here is another feature about this Society, viz; f hatthe widow does not forfeit her claim to their !1 ssistance, hut as long as she continues a Teeto- id aller, she is one of them. And to carry out lie his design, and protect them from imposition, ?d lis thougnt needful to have a secret, — a mere election secret,— theirs is a union of benevo- iis euce, — of charity and good will to men. Oh ! «it you are a Secret Society says the Rev. is, ientleman,— Aye tliats the rub. — The Rev. .t0 | kntleman has no objection to Secrets, provided j" I hey converge to one point, the confessional.-— I fo this may be attributable the objection of this sit I Priest; or may be the Rev. Gentleman had fiit- "S | ing before him at these meetings the ghost of J5" | ome " peep o-day boys," -which he may have ,ey i card of from his school master. And then he to j poles the opinion of the " Mighty Dan" on the > 1 object ofRibbonism and Rechabitism ; whether >n®t | lis is the opinion of the said agitator I know not, on. utit just goes for as much as its worth, — the nst | aid Father Farrelly would have us believe that ish- ley have always been opposed to Secret- So- 1 ieties, and by this crusade against Rechabitism un! I leyhope tothrow dustin our eyes.— Vain good, our | inn, vain; — Once more,theRechabite Society is ous | emposed of men of every creed in Religion an.dr I ad Shade of politics— which fact is evidence are f icient to satisfy any reasonable man, that lieir ley are in no way like Ribbonism nor any and ji tber political or Religous-ism whatever. 1 5s i The Rev. Gentleman made an attempt at the ;"y j? feting of the Sydney Total Abstinence So- on- iety on Thursday evening to deliver the 20th iy is Uition of his attack on the Rechabites v but urse 'ould you believe it Mr. Editor, they had the audacity to stop him, and tell him that they met there 'to advocate Teetotallism. He over shot the mark, to think that he would not be permitted by the managing men of that Society, who (however they may differ in somethings) are personal friends of many of the Rechabites, to send them to some plaee worse than Botany Bay, without inter uption. It is rumoured that the Rev. gentleman " wont be vexed with them," and it is confi dently said by some of his flock, .that the Sydney Society is going to be a branch of the St. Patrick's Society — I wish they may get it; but I forgot, Mr. Neale, one of the officials of the Sydney Society, plays second fiddle to Father Farrelly, in Castlereagli-street, on the Monday evenings. ..." We sre not a Sectarian Society," says the Father, " you are not a Sectarian Society," says Neale. What a coa lition — a methodist of the first water, and a priest, ditto, uniting to overthrow the Recha bites, and send them to However, they are not gone yet, nor even begun their journey, and they may cry a long time before they will prevail upon the Attorney -General to second their charitable intention, though aided bv the " vnvs nf the Sw.ii.' " PHILOS. 