? COOBT OP &EQPESI8;,. VVESTUrKSIER.—I.ITinirttfte roa TBE XOITCK ORSESS.^-MT. Ednard Dobson, a cJiuhbjf-fsced per5Dnogc;>ofab[MJl^iny^eftra.pf egr, S Hired jna rnuoli wpniUer-wDrn pilot-cout,r appeared before the Commissioners lo answer the summons of Mr. Heniy Auguslus U'ells, a pqor. sliiwring Fkeleton of humanity, who elated himself to be bd author, and whose faro was " sicklied o'er with Ihe pale fast" ol hunger. The.jilainlilT stated his claim to be for £l 10*., ihe value of the three first Chapters of three .original romances which the defendant had engaged him to write for a certain penny periodical about to be published, entitled the " Penny Library of Original Romance," a work of cheap literature for the lower orders, l^ie romances thus to be written were, " Mat Miien, a Tale of the Sea;" " Alice iVowe, or, the Lady and the Lord ;'' and " Betsy Bell, the Poor Law Victim," portions of which, anto'untiug altogether to ninety closely-written pages, had been written for and. delirered to the defendant, according to his order.—Commissioner (to the defendant) ; Do you admit this, Sir ?—Defendant: I admit the delivery of the quantity, W 1 object to the quality, as. not being what 1 ordered. The writing is loo tame to suit tlie penny readers. In " Mat Miien" I wanted a ghost in the firstcliapter, and a storm at sea;. then in " Alice Lowe" I ordered a startling scene of seduction; and in "Betsy Bell," a scene of misery in a lodging-, house in St. Giles's, none of which the plaintiff has given.—Plaintiff: It is impossible to throw all the incidents you want into a first chnptcr You hare tot a robberry, two murders, and a sea-fight; and I think, if you will hand my manuscript up to the Commissioners, nnd let it be read .—Commissioner: What) the whole 90 pages ? No; we arc not so fond of romance here. You had better settle this mutter between you, for we do not profess to be versed in the mysteries of literature.—Plaintiff: If the defendant will give me a sovereign for the 90 pages I'll be content, nnrl I'll hring the ghost and the storm, nt sett, aud the seduction, into the three next chapters. To this prnposal thedefendant agreed, and having paid the money into court, the parties adjourned amicably to a neighbouring publichouse, to discuss over a pipe and pot the present state of literature urnong the lower orders COURT OP REQUESTS, GUILDHALL —THH PATENT CANDLES AKD THE " BLACKING POET." —Mr. Thomas Mori is described fis the " inventor and patentee" of the genuine wax-wick candles uhich require no snutling," appeared tn show cause why he refused to pay one John Edmunds an " improvisalore and poet," the sum of £l 4'. for work and labour done—riz, writing poe;ry to eulighten the public as to the value of these lights,—John Edmunds, in stating his case, said that he was an " imptovisnlore," nnd would, if the " learned gentlemen'' thought proper, convert any subject they propounded into poetry. " I havr," said Mr. Edmunds, wiib great emphasis, "doneo grout deal in iny dny, and have written more poetry than Culeridge, Wordsworth or I3)ron. Yes, gentlemen, I write all those ar- ticles of poetry in praise of ' Mucking, ointment, boots, nnd Snuff,' which doily appear in the public journals, under (tvhnt I cull a burning shame) the he:id of * advertisement and consequently my clfdsions have a greater circulution than any poet who has ever lived. In consequence of this I am called the * Blacking Poei,' and am si> w.;ll known, thnl if nny person wishes to have his invention immortalized, he comes to mf, and I wiite poetry in praiseofit. Having stilted my occupation and who [ am, I will now state the reason I come here 'Tis for justice ! This mnn, fur whom and w hose candles £ sat up two nights • composing that which would give thein no'.orieiy, , actually refuse- to |my for llietn."—Coiiiinissioner: Well, Mr. Morris, your reason for not set- j • tling this demand ?—Mr. Morni: Trash, tmsli, irasii I Might do for blacking, but won't do for I "cnndles tilat require no snuffing." Rend nnd j jud^c for yourselves. If you s:iy it's got)il,-th?n I i am not on honett man.—(Laughter) Mr. Morris here handed a dirty piece of paper to the • Commissioner, who, after looking at it lor about : five minutes th'ough a double-sighted pnir of spei'tucler-', said he could make nothing of it — j John Edmunds: Lend it to me; I'll make it out , \- (reading) — | In praise of'randies' now I wriie, Whic h thow the most resplendent light; IiiiictiJ 'lis true, I am not pufling Tlii'ie 'candles which require nosnufiing.' Oh 1 some may sing ill ' praise of snuff,' And many men m;iy cab me muff; But I will write ofcuiiillt* still, Mdde by Murris, late of llolliorn hill. Of brilliant white ; they're nice and round ; Only one shilling and iout pence per pound; S > ladies quick purchase make, They've reul' wax wicks and no mistake.'" Now, I should like to know what on eanli cotJil make Mr. Morris not like that. Why, although 1 say it myself, it is one of my best composition", and 1 have Mr. Francis Lake here, ihe tnlentcd author of several ofour most popular sonas published by Mr. Cutnach, who ttill prove that it is well done, and that the charge is reasonable — | Mr. Lake, the "talented" gentleman, stepped forward, and declared upon his honour that there never was such a clever man as Air. Edmunds , lifing, and that he was the create.r poet in a ' small way that ever lived, lie would not have composed such a piece ofpoitry under 21. 10s. ready money.—Mr. Moriis: That won't do, for you know you offered to write enough to fill ti whole page of one of the penny publications with which you are conncctcd for 11s. in praise of my candlrs. 1 don't mind giving him 10s. if lie will write another verse, staling where I hnve gone to IIVI>, which I think will more than cover the time he lias expended on the foregoing poetry—John Edmunds: Stingy man] Why for writing in praise of the Noah's Ark" boots nnd shoes I should have had £2 given me for so much. Look at the appeal to the ladies, was not that enough ? Give me £l, and you shall have such verses, that even Moore esalted as he is, must hide his " diminished head."—(Lauvhter)—Mr. Morris: Do it, but let me see it before f Itate the court, and 1 trust that as Mr. Edmunds is an " improvisalore" the court will let the case stand over for a few minutes.—The court assented, and the trio O'ljoumrdto a public-house for the purpose of the " Bl.cking Poet"exercising his prolific poweis in Ihe composition of more verses. After an absence ol about two hours, tficy nmde their re-appearance before the Commissioners —Mr. Morris said he was satisfied, for Mr. Edmunds had added two more verses, which explained where he had gone to reside, and nhii.h had raised the ooel gteutly in his estimation .—The additional verses were given above.—Ibid. "On, 'TIS LOVE, 'TIS LOVE."- -St. Peter's Clturclt in this good city (Dublin) was to have been tlie locus in quo of a more lli&n; usually remarkable marriage ceremony on last Tuesday morning, which excited much attention among, at least, the fair portion of our citizens. Tbe bride was one of the few capital prizes in the lottery for public competition—young and beautiful, witty, grave, and gay—in short, having every accomplishment and £60,000 sterling coin of this realm at Iter own disposal. Fortune und this fair millionaire smiled benignantly upon the scion of an ancient house which reared its aristocratic front in the county of Westmeatli. Mr. —, the beau Meal of a jovial, light-hearted, but sound-hearted Irishman, who thoroughly well understood the adage of "a wink is as good as a nod," &c.;, and lost no opportunity of confirming the favourable impressioa he had made; and the course of ttue love did run smooth. Mr. — in due lime proposed lo lay his soul and body ut (lie feel ol the fair Miss —, his •tfUbe i^nnapal i n the^oleiiiti league "ima covenant. The maid returned .sti,; V •f Aslightblush, asofttremor, acalmTkind ^Of gentle feminine deliglrt," which an anchorite, let aione'a "Westmeatli man, might construe into .affirmative. Rumour, with, it? thousand , tongue's, announced ns a positive fact, tliai the sole ihciress of Jonathan —, tlie wealthy salesmaster, had -thrown Iter handkerchief to Mr. —, and that she was only waiting for the close of (lie year to throw off Iter sable suit, to don lite bridpl garments. Three, (our, or five months, tlie lovers passed (as ardent lovers have done from the days of Antony and Cleopatra lothe present), when the shady side of the picture appeared in bold relief. Executors, those marsplots, those plague-spots on the romantic page of life, came forwatd to forbid the banns. Having read all the " provisoes" of tlie old gentleman's will with more care than the next of kin bestowed upon that document, after the main fact was' ascertained, they discovered that if Miss — married without their consent she should forfeit one half the assets, namely, £30,000, and of course Mr. — could not hope to obtain so important a concession. Pending the hiatus causcd in the correspondence of the lovers by this unlookcd for discovery, a gallant son of Mars stepped forward with the approbation of the executors, to solicit the smiles of their ward; the lady was seized with what is called, in garrison towns,, the scarlet fever, in the delirium of which poor — was forgotten, while Captain — pressed the siege with vigour.' To make a long slory short, the Captain woo'd and won the lady, to whom he was to be married on Tuesday last. The favours were duly prepared—the gloves, rosetts, cards, cakes, &c.;,'&c.;, not lorgetting the glazed notes apprizing distant friends that " Captain and Sirs. — would be at home" on sut It a day—in fact nothing was neglected lhat was necessary to give eclat to the ceremony. The intended bridegroom who was stationed in Scotland, obtained special leave of nbsenoe from his colonel, and left his brother officers with the cries of " Joy, joy," ringing in his cars to proceed on his matrimonial expedition. "There's nothing certain tinder the sun"—that's a fact. On Monday afternoon Miss — proceeded lo the honse of her milliner in Grafton-street, to inspect her wedding garments, when who should she meet at the door—of all men in the world—but tlie discarded Mr. —. He solicited a last interview— 'twas granted—soft words were heard—then sturdy speeches, atid then sobs—the upshot of all being that the lady and gentleman left the house together, and a few biief lines received at Iter residence in Fitzu-illiamsquare, informed ihe iumates that she would not be home some days, and accordingly "could not be at the wedding of Captain — next morning." It now appears that the man of Westmeatli scattered to the winds all the fine saws of the man of wa r The happy couple journeyed towards the resiJence of a benevolent clergyman, who dctests restraint in his own proper person, and without the preliminary/trouble required by the orthodox, he united tlien in the holy banns of wedlock.—Ibul. "WATERSPOUT;.—0:T WeJnes'hy night the vicinity of Tynemouth was visited by a number ut' llio>c- marvellous and, in these latitudes, vo:y uncomon phenomena, called waterspouts. Towards the afternoon, there was accumulated, towards the south east, a large mass of dark, inactive clouds, which readied some miles in letijtli; and tha j lower part ol which was well defined by a j straight lino, apparently about three linn-j dred feet from the surface of the occan, and j about fifteen miles from th ! shore. From | this line proceeded the waterspouts. It is | saidlhat, about five o'clock, there were dis- i linctly visible five waterspouts, having direct communication with the ocean. When the attention of the writer was first called to the spot, a liltlo after five o'clock, there was only one visible, which was directly opposite Cullercoats. The cloud was slightly depressed, at the place from which the spout proceeded ; but the funnel then assumed a very attenuated form, and readied the surface of the sea, in a direct line, of between, perhaps, 200 and 300 fee f, res cmbling a very thick cable, suspended in the air. It separated in two pieces, at about two-thirds of its length from the bottom, when the lower mass quietly subsided into the sea, and the upper part was quietly withdrawn into the clouds .—Na- tional Advertiser. certainly much better than those —Newcastle Chronicle. 