TO PROFESSING CHRISTIANS GENERALLY but especially to the members of the WESLEYAN METHODIST SOCIETIES (From the South India Temp. Journal). Dear Brethren, — Allow me affectionately to entreat your attention to the following tru isms and subsequent inferences. Drunkenness is a sin against Almighty God'1 It is a sin against a man's own soul ! It ensures destruction to his body ! It beggars his wife and children ! It destroys his reputation ! It leads to crime and enormity of every description ! It militates against national prosperity ! It offers the greatest opposition to the spread of the Gospel ! It robs the church annually of hundreds of its members ! It involves present misery and eternal dam nation ! xvj.uucruie urinxing is me stepping-stone to. drunkenness, inasmuch as all drinkers com menced their career by moderation ! Moderate drinkers are all in danger of he- coming drunkards, and a large number of them are daily filling up the vacancies occa sioned by the deaths of drunkards. Total abstinence from all alcoholic drinks is a simple but certain remedy for those who have become drunkards. Total abstinence is an infallible preventive to all drunkenness ; and if all abstain, this vice will cease to exist. Professing Christians, if the above proposi tions be correct, what is your duty ? Shall drunkenness continue ? It rests with you, to say, Yes or No. If you abstain, you secure yourselves ! and your influence will decide the point at once ! " Ye are the salt of the earth." — Mat. v. 13. " Ye are the light of the world." — Mat-, v. 14. Shall the world he the better for your exis tence ? for your example ? — for your influence 1 Will you season it? — will you shine ? Then ab stain ! abstain ! abstain ! and with your united voices cry, Abstain ! abstain ! abstain ! Let this spiritual, moral, and physical pes tilence be banished to its own hell, at once and for ever! Whilst you hesitate and drink moderately, however moderately, you sanction, by your practice and example, the use of that which entails countless and eternal miseries on my riads of your fellow men. They plead your conduct in extenuation of their own, and they rush on to their everlasting destruction ! Were abstinence unscriptural, I would not dare to uphold it, much less to recommend it. Yet, whilst it is not commanded, it is sanc tioned by the Word of God ! On the safe ground of expediency, I call upon you to adopt the language and conduct of St. Paul and St. John : — "All things are lawful for me, but all tilings are not expedient : all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any." — 1 Cor. vi. 12. " Have we not power to eat and to drink ? Never theless, we use not this power, but suffer all things, lest we should binder the Gospel of Christ." — 1 Cor. ix. 4, 12. " If meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesli whilst the world standeth, lest I make my bro ther to oftend." — 1 Cor. viii. 13. " I know, and am persuaded that there is notl ing unclean of itself, but to him that esteemetli anything to be unclean, to him it is unclean. But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkest tliou not chari- i tably. Destroy not him with thy meat for whom Christ died ! Let not your good be evil spoken of. for the kingdom of God' is not meat and drink, but jirliteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. For he that in these things serveth Christ is accept- ,l,le to God and approved of men. Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and (liings wherewith we may edify one another. For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure, but it is evil for that man who eatetli with (Hence. It is good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink i«NE, nor anything whereby thy brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak." — Rom. xiv. 14 — 21. "As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men." — Gal. vi. 10. "To iiim that knowetii to do good and doetii it not, to him it is sin."— James iv. 17. " If a man say he loves God, and hateth his brother, !,(. is a liar : for he that loveth not his brother whom be bath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not jeen ?" — 1 John iv. 20. 'He that loveth not his brother abideth in death. Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer, and ye ow that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in l,jnl. Hereby perceive we the love of God, because He laid down his life for us, and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue, but in deed and in truth." — 1 John iii. 14, 15, 16, 18. 0, beware ! lest in the great day of accounts your brother's blood he found in your skirts, lis your duty to assist in putting down all sin by every legitimate and proper means. Remember, Duty neglected is Sin ! Remember, further, that Duty is Duty, and its character is in no degree affected by 0ur opinion of it : all our prejudices, for or against, cannot alter. duty ! My conscience tells me, that unless I use every exertion to put an end to. drunkenness, I neglect my duty, and, so far as I am indivi- I dually concerned, for me to adopt any other i course than total abstinence from all intoxi cating drinks, would he to live in direct oppo sition to the will of my heavenly . Father ; and as a necessary consequence, to entail destruc tion on myself. I dare not assert, because I do not believe., that to drink any alcoholic beverage is sinful, abstractedly considered : but I dare assert, that to refuse my influence and example to a society which aims at so much good, and lias been, and still is, blessed by Almighty God to such an amazing extent, would be to stultify my profession of Christianity. Praying humbly and earnestly that God may bless these remarks to your minds, and influence your conduct by them, I remain, I tear brethren, Yours most affectionately, | COURTENAY T. HARRY, Wesley an Local Preacher. 16, Doddrington Grove, London, June 24, 1S41. 