,f.!tL^i.l ¿Vi il t. i a, )¿¿ 1 * \ ..,", .J ;}$ xtf a,A-.ft;ï s :, _ . r, f ./nrjíi-t-.',».-,--m- -i ? , 7'J ¡ THE REV* KRISHNA MOHUN BONERJEE. (From Sketches of Indian Character, in the Bombay United Service Gazette). 'Tna" sketch of this eminent nntive of India, an,ordained minister of the Christian reli- gion, will be of deep interest to those who look on the natives of India, with regard for their welfare, and would watch the force of truth upon them by education. He was born in May, 1813. There is little in his infantine days calculated to /interest our readers. At the age offne, -he was initiated into the life of a student, agreeably to the Hindu ritual, and entered within a year or thereabouts, into the 'late Mr. Hare's Bengalee, pathshala, at Simla. After passing the age of ten, he was invested in the Brahminical cord and Brahmachary*« staff, and then cloistered »for ten days, that none of the servile 'classes might have a sight of the holy visage of a'newly consecrated Brahmin, while he remained in a state of seclusion from the world. In'Febrinry, 1824, ho got admitted ;intoth» i Undoo College, and there he commenced to learn Sanscrit, while he prosecuted the study of English. To Sanserif, his'attention was however at first but very indifferently directed, partly be- cause this department was entrusted to " pandits, who could not command much '-?respect from their pupils, and did not know how to cxerciso a salutary discipline over them, mid partly because the Sansci it "grammar taught upon Brahminical prin- ciples, was not an easily digestible morsel, and thcrefoie possessed no attractions for boys. after five hours of hard English study. 1 A'ycar and half after his ndmission into the Hindoo College he became tired of studying there, and proposed to give up his literary pursuits and prepare for np * prenticing himself some where in order to ' enter into the world ; his father, however, ¿manifested his truly paternal regard by forcing him to continue his studies, and thereby enhanced the debt of gratitude ^jwhich he already largely owed to him. lu 1828 he lost his father, who died after an attack of cholera of three or four days continuance. He had been carried to a godown-like room on the Strand, that he might expire with a part of his body under the water of the Ganges. He lived more than two days after he was carried to the,vicinity of the river, and it is impos sible not to say that his end was hastened by the monstrous and murderous tenets of Hindooism, whereby a patient must be exposed to noise, bustle, damp, and a thou sand inconveniences, at the very moment when he most needed quiet and comfort. In the beginning of 1828, he was pio moted to the first class in the Hindoo Col- lege, and about the middle of the snme year obtained one of the Education Com- mittee's scholarships, worth sixteen rupees a month. In the following year, he was offered a mastership in the Delhi College with a salary of eighty rupees a month, which he accepted without previously ? consulting his relations, and it was with * difficulty that he reconciled them to the prospect of his going alone to the north west provinces. But his brother would not"bt him depart without imposing what he then considered a conjugal yoke upon him, and so constrained him to enter into a matrimonial contract which has since been eminently sanctified and blessed by "Almighty God. The prospective event in anticipation of which his marriage was hastened never occuired after all. The local committee at Delhi had made arrange- ments there without a teference to the general committee in Calcutta, which su- perseded the necessity of his appointment. This supercession proved a disappointment to him at the time, since he lind a great desire of seeing the country ; but he is now thankful that a gracious Providence ovcr rnlfd his wishes and the intentions of his î>'iti-ons, and kept him where he was after- wards led to form Christian acquaintances, and thus to embrace Christianity. About this time he received a deserved castigation from Professor H. H. Wilson, then visitor of the College, for an offence which was aggravated by a cowardly breach of the 9th Commandment. One of his class friends demanded of one of the col- lege servants some fire in order to light a chillum. The man, faithful to the autho- rities of the institution, refused to aid in au act which was opposed to their orders, for smoking was positively forbidden within the walls of the college. His friend was exasperated at the menial's disobedience, and instantly called him and several others to join in thrashing the poor man ; he readily assisted him in this ignoble en- terprise and inflicted, as he thought, seve- ral well merited blows. The man lodged a formal complaint before the authorities, who cut their scholarships for two months, and proclaimed their guilt, and the penalty it incurred by hanging a placard for one week in a conspicuous part of the College. On the 1st November, 182Í), he left College and was appointed assistant teacher in the Putuldangah school of the School Society, commonly called Mr. Hare's School. At this time he believed in no religion, though he outwardly conformed to that of his fathers. He was unhappy enough to doubt even the existence of the Deity, and as to any opinions concerning the immortality of the soul, he denounced the idea entirely as a vain and baseless su- perstition. It is impossible to imagine any state of moral depravity greater than that in which he lived at this period. He entertained no principles of any kind whereby to res train the carnal appetites of our nature, and if he preserved an external appearance of decency, it was because he could not otherwise remain in the Society of those whom he respected and regarded. He acknowledges with grief and shame that the fear of man was his only preservative from outrageous atrocities—and was accor- dingly often led into such dissipations as might well exclude him from all hope of restoration and piece of mind, were it not for the atoning blood of an Almighty Saviour who afterwards called him to the knowledge of his grace. About this time a spirit of metaphysical reading was fast spreading among the students of the Hindoo College Mr. II. L. V. Derozio, one of the assistant teaeheis, wns himself fond of speculations on the subject, and infused a similar desire into the minds of his pupils. Al- though never under his tuition while at College, and now out of the institution itself, yet he caught the general infection, -mid' incorporated himself into the newly-formed party of Hindoo refor- mers, striving to carry their priueiples to their extreme length. They cnlled them- selves the friends of truth, and inveterate opponent* of error, and proposed to them- selves the study pf philosophy aud the de- molition of the Hindoo idolatry, n« the highest object of their ambition.-They now talked of moral principles,-and nlthough they had no higher sanction than that ot their fancies, yet they professed to iorsnke vice of every description and strug- gled strenuously against the corrupt in cliñations' of their nature.~They despised the great mass of their countrymen, as well for their idolatry, and also for those rdi nary heathen vices and moral pollutions by which they were themselves but lately characterized. The highest object of their ambition at this time was the uttor destruction of Hindooism, and the moral reform of the native character ;-and they vied with oneh other with equal energy and boldness in inflicting tlic severest blows upon Brah ininisn.-To conform to the religious in- stitutions of the country waa to forfeit their position in society,-and the only raasona which could in opinion palliate thia con- formity at all (namely respect and regard for parents and relations) were stigmatiaed as effeminate, base, and cowardly. The influence of these sentiments npon their characters was partly salutary and partly disastrous. The impatience of vice, error, and superstition, hereby generated in their minds, must be acknowledged to have been In itself an advantage which was afterwards sanctified, at least in bia own case. The love which they enter- tained for truth, though unknown to them, and the readiness with which they proposed to follow it without caring for the sacrifices it required, could never be deprecated by any friend to humanity. Their regard for the unknown truth was however unhappily connected with a de- gree of obstinate atheism, every recollec- tion whereof filled him with humiliation and self-abasement in the sight of God, mid caused him involuntarily to wonder at the Almighty power of thnt grace which could remove such perverse infidelity from the human mind. The first attempt ever made to stem tho torrent of this infidelity proceeded from an invitation which severn! Christina ministers of various denominations communicated to them through Mr. W. M. Woollaston, now of the Agra College, to attend a course of lectures to be by turns delivered by them. The principal agents in this pro- posal were the Rev. T. Dealtry (now Archdeacon of Calcutta,) the Rev. Mr. (now Dr.) Duff, and the Rev. J. Hill. Considerable discussion arose among them- selves as to the propriety of accepting this invitation. Mr. Dcrozio waa of opinion that sinca they were called upon to hear something in the name of truth, they were bound to listen to whatever was advanced. Poor Mr. Hare thought our attendance at a Christian Missionary-house would ex- cite the alarm of the natives, and so injure the cause of education. For his own part he thought with Mr. Deroxio that they were bound to accept the invitation provided free discussion were allowed ; but as he did not believe that anything would be urged in favour of Christianity calculated to carry conviction, he anticipated with equal pride and self-complacence that tho Missionaries would soon be silenced. An intolerant order from the Hindoo College Committee however, interdicted the attendance of their pupils at religious meetings, and so baffled tho efforts of the ministers alluded to. This was a time of unusal excitement among the Hindoos. While the new party from the Hindoo College was labouring strenuously to subvert the religion of their fathers, the abolition of the Suttee had provoked opposition from the bigots of the old orthodox school, (as they were then termed) and the Dhumoshobha, lately es- tablished by them, was vigorously labour- ing to repair its breaches. The opposition they manifested to Christianity was nearly as decided as their antipathy to Hindooism. Several nights the subject of our sketch rambled in com- pany with large bodies of friends in the principal streets in town, in order to throw the missionaries into ridicule, by feigning to preach the gospel, and imitating their mispronunciation of Bengalie, and their incorrect use of words and phrases in their language. The establishment of tho Reformer newspaper in 1831, under the patronage and editorial supervision of Baboo Pros sunno Coomar Tagore served to add fresh vigour to their efforts. This gentleman, enlightened as he was, was however op- posed to that uncompromising hostility to the Hindoo religion which actuated them ; and .in order to supply their peculiar desi- deratum, Bonerjee set up in the month of May of the same year another paper called the Enquirer, where the utmost freedom of discussion might be assumed. As the tenets of Hindooism were openly attacked and ridiculed in this paper, it excited the bitterest opposition of the orthodox Hin- doo community, and reproaches of all kinds were cast upon its editor and all his supporters. But their hostility to Hindooism, how- ever open, had not hitherto taken such a decided turn as to render their con- tinuance in Hindoo communion imprac- ticable. An event soon occurred which, though trivial in itself, brought the ques- tion to a peculiar crisis. A few friends on one occasion threw from within his house n beef bone into the adjoining resi- dence of a Hindoo who was reputed to be a bigotted advocate for the superstitions of the country, and had always vituperated with great asperity the new school of the Hindoo sceptics. This ill-advised frolic so exasperated the residents of the house, thus polluted by contact with unclean flesh, that they instantly rushed out in order to avenge the insult. A scuffle ensued from which he did not escape without blows. A large mob immediately surrounded tho place, and it waa reported throughout the town in a few hours that a party had been caught in the very act of bidding defiance to the most sacred injunctions of the Hindoo religion. Innocent though he per- sonally was even upon Hindoo grounds in this affair, yet he became tho greatest suf- ferer of all. The report of unclean meat having been discovered in his family resi- dence produced in a few hours such an ex- citement among the natives that his rela- tions were obliged to impose strict con- ditions upon him in order to preserve them- selves from excommunication. To these conditions he could not conscientiously agree, and the only alternative now left was to seek a new residence for himself. A fiiend offered him qunrtersin his house, where he resided for some weeks. But his relations could not help looking upon a person who had been publicly branded, as a very unwelcome guest, and his father actually meditated tho infliction of personal injury if he continued there. Under these circumstances ho was forced to quit the asylum which his friend kindly gave, and to think of renting a house for himself; but the na- tives were so horrified at what they had heard of him and his sentiments, and at the stigma fixed upon him hy the Hindoo community, that none would let hia house to so notorious a character. After remain- ing homeless for a whole day ho was ad- vised to take lodging in the house of a European, where he removed himself and his things at midnight. Ho was thus finally cut off by the force of circumstances, brought on by a trifling and a frolicsome affair, not only from Hindoo communion. but also froth the society of his own re lations. / * The excitement produced among the Hindoos by this open defiance to the in- stitution» of Brahminism was beyond all calculation. Scarcely was any thing talked of among them for some time, besides what bore on this stirring event. The Bengalee newspapers continued for months and months to vituperate and vilify the apos- tates from Hindooism, until the native vocabulary, exuberant as it wos in this respect, wat exhausted of its large fund of whatsoever was obscene and scurrilous. The immediate consequences of this extra- ordinary excitement among the Hindoos were deprecated by many sober and thought- ful friends of native improvement, and made many that had before been forward, to pause and to hesitate if not at once to retrograde. The Hindoo College classes were considerably thinned, and a large number of the most determined oppo- nents of Hindooism was appalled into a con- formity with the tenets of idolatry. But these effects were only temporary. After the convulsions of the first panic were over, not only did the College regain its former popularity, but a spirit of antipathy to the monstrosities of Brahminism was widely spread, which has continued to this day to be dominant among the educated na- tive» of Calcutta. It was about this time that his attention was first turned to the subject of Chris- tianity, a desire of inquiring into the evi- dences whereof was generated in bim by something which the Rev. Mr. Duff dropped in a private interview. A friend ("the present head master of the Agra College) had taken him on one occasion into the house of this energetic and devo- ted missionary, who remarked that now he was unshackled by enste and other bonds of Hindooism, it was his duty to attend to religious truth, and not to rest satisfied with merely opposing error. Ile promptly observed in reply, that since he was labouring, right or wrong, under un- belief as respected the Christian religion, he could not reasonably call upon him to embrace what he did not believe. *' Cer- tainly not," rejoined Mr. Duff, "but I can call upon you to inquire whether Christianity is true or false." This call he could not gainsay-ho imme- diately acknowledged the justice of his observation, and asked if he would open a course of lectures on Natural and Revealed Religion, promising to attend for himself and to exert whatever influence he had over others to do the same. He readily agreed to the proposal, and they determined to devote an evening every week to this object. One of the imme- diate effects of these lectures, was the removal of a most inveterate atheism from his mind, and the partial acknowledgment of the truths of Natural Theology on the part of his friends. Another incident which became after- wards a sou rec of many spiritual blessings to him. Captain Corbyn, Royal Navy, a brother of ours, called unexpectedly at his lodgings, and sent up his card, expressing a wish to communicate something very important. He came in, and said he felt much interested in him for having totally abjured Hindooism, and that he would now advise him to seek for the truth ns it was in Jesus. He returned his visit the following morning, when he spent three hours in reading portions of Horn's Study of Scripture. Ile likewise introduced him to ns. The subject of our sketch went on using the advantages presented by these several incidents, without however (ns he confessed) any extraordinary anxiety to know the truth. He listened with atten- tion to what he heard, and usually read something on the subject almost every day, hut did not then feel any sense of his danger, as a sinner that was still living without hope. Religious inquiries, however, unlike phi- losophical investigations, arc more connected with ourmoral inclinations than our intellec- tual faculties, and therefore what hereadnnd heard did not for a long time produce any I radical impressions upon his mind. We cannot here omit the mention ot an inci- dent to which, though common in itself, he has reverted with pleasing reflections ; since it was thereupon that he first felt the necessity of following the crucified Re- deemer. He had gone down the river,in a steamer in company with Colonel Pow ney, and another lay friend, and at Snugor he suffered for several hours from a severe attack of sea-sickness. While labouring under extreme weakness and exhaustion, he felt afraid at times that his constitu- tion might give way and sink under the exhaustion ;-and then all that the friends just alluded to had been speaking to him during the day produced strong impres- sion« upon)his mind. This, added to the earnestness with which the truly Christian hearted officer already named, aud «hose sketch we hope to give in our next, re- quested as they landed on his return, to read a Testament which he put into his hands, directed his attention to the ques- tion with an anxiety which he had ne\ er felt before. Christianity now appeared in a light very different from that wherein he had before viewed it. He now considci ed the extreme danger and folly of opposing objections, suggested by fallible human reasoning, to a religion founded upon the express authority of God, and evidenced by miracles and prophecies which ns facts could not be denied upon any rational grounds. The announcement, by means of the Enquirer newspaper, which he still edited, of his intention to embrace Christianity, produced little excitement among the Hin- doos, to whom he was already lost. The effect upon the educated natives was dif- ferent. It caused a great stir among them at the time, and he was by not a few con- ceived to have escaped one quagmire of superstition, merely to fall into another. A few, however, understood him better, and many more have since done so. Soon after his determination to embrace Christianity, he received and accepted an invitation from the Calcutta Corresponding Committee of the Church Missionery So- ciety, to undertake the superintendence of their English school on the Mirznpore premises. The late Mr. David Hare, to whom he lay under no common obligations for whatever education he had received, and who had always entertained, as for numerous others of his countrymen, so also for him, parental affection and regard, felt much affected when he parted with him. It was because of the restrictions imposed upon his tuition with reference to Chris- tianity, that he considered it a duty to avail himself of the opening for more com- plete usefulness which the Church Mis- sionary Society'» offer presented. His baptism did not take pi nee so soon after his final determination to embrace Christianity aa might be expected. Hav- ing many friend» to advise him, he was not under the especial direction of any and therefore missed those advantages which proceed from unity of counsel and management. For a long time he laboured under the notion that baptism was not con- nected with any spiritual blessings, and was not consequently necessary to the full par líclpallón'of Christian privileges. ' Nor was this point explicitly urged upon his consi- deration by any body, though he was often exhorted not to disregnrd one of Christ's own institutions. But this was with him the very point of debate ; he was not satis- fied that Christ instituted this sacrament with a view to its perpetual necessity. The passages of scripture which bore on this point were not noticed by him in Hie course of his reading the New Testament. It did not strike him that Christ had (aught the necessity of being bom of water and of the Spirit-or that St. Peter had ex- horted his hearers on the dny of Pentecost to "repent and be baptized in the nome of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins " thnt they might receive the gift of the Holy Ghost-or that St. Paul hod been called upon to arise arid be baptized anti wash away his sins-or that the apostle had styled this sacrament the Inver of re- generation-or that St. Peter had spoken of its saving efliency, though not in the putting away of the filth of the flesh. But when he understood these points afterwards more or less clearly he deter- mined to receive baptism. He was now a good deal embarrassed by the divisions which existed in the Christian church;-and God be thanked that he did not know these divisions be- fore his conviction of the truth of Christi- anity had been strengthened, for then, humanly speaking, he might have been greatly scandalized. The question which puzzled him not a little was to choose nt whose hands to receive baptism,-and al- though his acquaintance with several truly Christian laymen of the episcopal church I had been an inestimable blessing to him, yet since Dr. Duff was the only minister (albeit of the Presbyterian denomination) to whom he had been at all intimately known, and as he was the first person who had directed his attention to the grand truths of the gospel, he considered him- self under n moral obligation to seek for introduction into the Christian church through him. But unsettled as his mind was on the subject of church government, he did not wish to identify himself with his denomination, and as his exertions to bring him to Christ had been associated with his house and not the Scotch Church, he requested him to baptize him in his own residence, which he mr st kindly did. After his baptism he continued for some months to attend on Sundays both the Scotch Church, and one of the English churches. He general/ went to the Old Church in the morning, and to St. Andrews in the evening. But the Scotch custom of praying in a standing posture and ol devoting considerably more time to the sermon tlinn to the reading of God's word and prayer was not very consonant to his feelings. The rich liturgy of the English Church, interspersed with prayers and confessions, and with large extracts fiom Holy Scripture, was a spiritual luxury, the contrast of which was pre- sented in the Scotish Church. Ile began therefore to relax his attendance at St. Andrew's, and to frequent the Old Church almost exclusively. As the communion was celebrated only twice in the year in St. Andrew's, but once every month in the Old Church, he had already commenced to partake of it in the latter place before the time for its celebration in the former came on after his baptism, and when that time did come on he declined to become a communicant of the Scottish Church. He had at this period been satisfied that episcopacy was the form of Church government esta- blished by the apostles. Ile had long been thinking on the subject and had heard in the course of consideration what the Episcopalians and Presbyterians urged in favour of their respective opinions. Decisive as the cases of Timothy and Titus and of the angels of the seven Asiatic Churches were on this point, the Pres- byterians evaded the conclusion by pro- nouncing the Bishops of Ephesus mid Crete to have been extraordinary ministers, whose offices were to cease with them- selves,-and by supposing the angels of the Asiatic churches to have been mere presidents of assemblies in the modern sense of the term. Although these hypo- theses appeared quite gratuitous and be- tokened greater ingenuity than correct- ness, yet he knew not how to falsify them. The late Bishop Corrie, however, directed his attention to a mode of argument which afterwards he heard expatiated in an ordination sermon bj' the Lord Bishop of Calcutta in 1833, which satisfied him that the Presbyterian hypotheses were utterly groundless, and were based upon a prin- ciple of disregard to ecclesiastical history, that might lead to very disastrous conse ?[iiences. This argument was deduced rom the fact that from the very time of the apostles down to the age of the Re- formation, there was in every orthodox community a three-fold order of ministers, viz., Bishops, Priests, and Deacons. If episcopacy was not of apostolical institu- tion, who introduced the corruption and when? if Ignatius was himself a Bishop and a martyr, is it possible that he am- bitiously usurped an office and overturned the government established by the apos- tles only that he might thereby be the sooner exposed to a violent death by tne persecuting edicts of a heathen emperor? He accordingly made up his mind to become an exclusive member of the Church of England ; and was rather confirmed than shaken in his opinion by the attempts subsequently made to divert him from his purpose. He had corresponding friends in other parts of India not of the epis- copal commuuion, who in their efforts to prevent his joining the Church of Eng- land, scrupled not to stigmatize her by the terms, "Babylon," "half popish," &c.; Of course this served only to show how far the best of men can be misled by party feeling. About the middle of the year 1833 he wrote, at the request of our present arch- deacon n letter expressive of his feelings on the subject of entering into the ministry ; and this letter was forwarded to the Bishop, who after some months con- sidered him as an accepted candidate fur holy orders, which his lordship said he would be happy to confer when he arrived at the proper agc, and if he went on in the menu time to his satisfaction. In the year of which we are now speak; ing, he was brought by a writ of Habeas Corpus before the Judges of the Supreme Court, as if to answer for his conduct in having assisted one of his pupils (Baboo Brijouath Ghose, now of the Chyebassa School Chotanagpore) to make his escape from heathen persecution for the purpose of embracing Christianity, of the truth whereof he had been perfectly convinced. One of his lordships (Sir Edward Ryan), politely said from the Bench that he had allured the boy from the house of his parents, and although the young Baboo was not, and never had been under his or any other Christian's custody, yet because the father pretended he was under age, the Court ordered, upon a process of Ha- beas Corpus, that an intelligent moral agent who had passed the age of puberty should be incarcerated in his lather's house, which n'as without' the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, until his heathen relations might choose to pronounce him master of himself! In the winter of the same year he went on a tour to the upper provinces, and he was more than ever impressed with (he feeliug that nothing but the gospel can raise this Inrge empire, even in a temporal point of view. Soon after his return in 1835, from the upper provinces, ho rescued, with the nid of the energetic mid truly Christian magis- trate of the twenty-four pcrgunnnhs (Mr. J. II. Paton) his wife from the custody of her parents. lu the course of the follow- ing year she became nlso a sister in the faith, and n partner in his spiritual hopes and privileges by baptism. In 1836, a few young friends from the Medical College simultaneously embraced Christianity. An event upon which the angels themselves rejoiced should have produced unmixed delight, and brought forth gratitude from the Christian church. But the great enemy of souls, whose kingdom was thereby not a little overrun, turned it into an instrument of a grievous schism in the Church Missionary Society, whereby its secretary, the Vene- rable Archdeacon Dealtry, was compelled to resign his office, and under the influ- ence of which he was himself driven out of the service. Through the Archdeacon's kindness he obtained a scholarship at Bishop's College, where he resided for a few months, and was ultimately ordained Deacon upon Begum Sumroo's Friends on St. John Baptist's day, 1837. The first sermon the subject of our sketch preached in English was upon the death of his dear Christian friend, Baboo Mohcsh Chunder Ghose, whose departure deprived t'-e Christian Church of a most promising catcchist, and diffused tempo- rary gloom around a large circle of his surviving acquaintance. The very night he preached his funeral sermon he also performed the first bnptism he ever ad- ministered-the recipient of the sacrament being Baboo Judonath Ghose, now study- ing nt Bishop's College. About the close of 1838, Bishop's Col- lege was left in n state of great desolation, owing to the indisposition of the acting principal, and he was called to assist in the duties of the chapel, and in the super- vision of the oriental studies. During his residence there he experienced a peculiar mercy from Almighty God in the conver- sion of his younger Lrotlier, who was baptized on St. John's day, 1839, and is now labouring ns catcchist at Christ Church. A month or two after his brother's bnp- tism, he felt the apparent symptoms of a serious disease in the lungs. He now thought his days were numbered, and be- gan to prepare for meeting his reconciled Eather in Heaven, ne was, however, mercifully spared-and the symptoms which had alarmed him and his friends were considered to be merely apparent. May he have grace to improve the fresh opportunities finis vouchsafed for ensuring of his own salvation and promoting the interest of truth. On the 27th September, 1839, Christ Church was consecrated, and he received charge of i s duties. On St. Luke's day of the same year he was ordained priest. He is the author of various essays con- nected with the Christian religion, one of them in particular is a prize, being on the subject of Native Female Education. To extraordinary talents, he lins ever been distinguished for liberal and enlightened principles, and from our intimate acquaint- ance with his private mid public character, we have no hesitation in avowing our full belief that he is set by the omnipotent Redeemer, as a light to the people in his darkened land. We trust the day is at hand when he will take up his cross and travel over these vast regions and proclaim the glad tidings he has in so mysterious and marvellous a manner himself received. Grant's like- ness is excellent. 