We liave already mentioned the falsehoods promulgated by Mr. Montagu respecting tlie proprietor«liip of this journal, and the authorship of certain articles attributed hy the same veracious authority to Lady Franklin. We exposed them at the lime; we nonreturn to the «uhject with regret; but a docuuent has reached us within a few days which tecals the time when a similar attempt •was made by the journal then under Ihe protection and patronage of Mr. Montagu, and •which died a natural death shortly after his departure, when it was considered prudent and necessary that the Courier should throw off the mask and itself become the avowed organ of the party inimical to the government. On the 10th December, 1841, Mr. Montagu relumed from a pleasure excursion, in company with Mr. M'Dowell, who at that time edited the Van Diemen's Land ChrtmicU under his well known and avowed patronage. On the evening of that day appeared in the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle the commencement of an article, concluded on the 24th, which called forth a reply on the part of the Courier of the 31st, in which allusions were made to the carousals of the editor of the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle. On the Ihltof February, 1842, lie reverts to the article, and had the impudence and indecency to attribute it to the pen of Lady Franklin. We insert the extract, of which we know not which to ad mire most—the miapmlslt! attempt at sarcasm •—or the impudent faWhood Tbey assert that her Ladyship's pen Is more then a match for all her political opponents 1 Where exercised ? Will they (ell qs that t No; that duty derolves upoD ourselves, and accordingly we have the pleasing task oi informing our readers that a late erticle which appeared in the Courier, co npleining ofvur comment* op on ihe Breeze, end referring to our wrouiaU irai from " her Ladythip'i pen." It is no longer Kiude a secret of j but had we known u it firtt ve should hare Setlt less roagWy ty it" than we feltcaUedupoaSodo."—'Van Diemm'i Land Chrimu-tc, lull February, 1810. The editor of the Courier knew-the falsehood of the statement—he dared not however avow the fad;—lie temporised with his more ret kiessand (in piiut)daringBntagonist; and in a strange article of the 18th befrged his cimiempurary to retract. The result as may be imagined—was a fresh accession ol' audacity, and the appearance in the Tan Diemen's Land Chronicle of the 25th, of the following assei lions equally wittv, and equally liaise:— " In conclusion wo would briefly reply to an article iu the last week's Courier, in which amidst u Sow of factiousness, we ere appealed to repudiate the assertion which we made that Lady Frauliliii was ihe cuthoreag of en article in iliu Courier, in reply to eome comments of*our own upon the Brent." .... " Unfortunately, however, we canuot take ihe ghost's word lor it in this instance; <01 in ejdiiiun to its forming the topic of {general eonteisation before we alluded to it, the article itself hears internal evidence* of its manufacture; end having some experience of composition end of human nature. w0 must abandon the evidence of our own senses before we could abandon the conviotion that it was Hcontribution furnished from the source 10 which we have Adverted." There is no qualification—no "reservation—no doubt—no hesitation. The assertion is positive—its truth will appear by (he following; extract from a letter by the real author, written about a week B)Dce5-— " I beg to stHte that tbe paragraph yoG refer to which Appeared in the Courier newspaper of the 51 st Uticentbe:, 3842, in allusion to some remarks rande bv e uonleinporaiy.paper on the subject of the expensesof Lady Franklin's excursions to Port Phillip,&c.;, wus, es I mentioned to you soon after its itpiwui biH'e, written by me; and 1 may pel Imps us wetl say ihut 11 was enti ely the expressiou of uiy own feelings without the slightest suggestion from any other person whatever.—Vour's, &c;, (Signed) ChaBies Biutmunv." We let these parallel assertions speak for llieinse'ves—wc make no comment on Ihe recklessness with uinVh so impudent a falselmo.ii was promulgated, farther than >!iis, that even at that period it was attempted (0 connect Lady Franklin's name willi the press, no doubt for the purpose of (tiviitff a vrrii semblance to the graver lalsilies of Mr. Monatpu, whose little weaknesses were described with such cutting; irony by the motto recommended for his service of plate- -''" nwi'in est vis rentatis " For a translation, we refer to the soubriquet hestowed 011 hiBrUy' ' " the • Ihis "iiiternulevidence" has more than been appealed to with like euccess. In our hark papc wiU be found an extract IrO'ti (lie Sydney Herald, the incessant and ahle advocate of the cider colony, when tlie press can avail in its time of need. From il tvill be seen that one at least of the disadvantages Hurler which tbe colony labours is about to he removed, and that never ap<iiii will the sheep farmers have 10 compluin of the want of a market for llieir surplus e'ock. One of tbe advantages of wool growing; was, that however the price mifjln vaty, tit re was always a certuin, and as tar as lite fleece was concerned, a remunerating market. - The difficulty has heen 10 set rid of the carcass,—there being 110 market except Sydney, which was easily overdone; or this country. The expenses of carriage to this co'ionv are however 1 eivy, and the losses great; anil cargoes of sheep have in consequence heen as olten a loss as a gain. The importations from Sydney necessarily brought down the price of our own stock, and consequently no very high price could be obtained for llieiis. It was ruin to us, and but little advantage to - .liem. In this dilemma a plan often talked of has heen at length resorted to—so simple, so profitable, anil so certain, that the only wonder is that it was not attempted before. Tlie fat of the sheep is now an article of export, and ihe maiket for it is the Sitme as lliat for otr wool, as certaiu and as inexhaustible. A slieep in New South Wales, for the market or for export could not realise more than Is GJ or 9s per head ; the fat alone is worth 7s;—with the skin and the legs is not over-uleu at !0s. Already have lite graziers found the good effects of this new discovery, (or so it is in effect. Sheep have already risen to the butcher, and it is hoped that sheep farming will once more be profitable. To us (he effects must be most beneficial, not thdt we can pursue the same course, but that our livals in the market who injuted us and did 110 good to themselves, have now discoveied a more profitable mode of disposing of their surplus stock. Sheep inconsequence must rise in price to their true value—we trust by the re-action rise above it. All that is now wanting to restore the colony to a healthful state is forbearance—to allow a fair dcvelopement to the cheering prospects which are opening on us. The prosperity of New South Wales is our prosperity— when either of us suffer wc suffer together. 