STRAY THOUGHTS. Debt is tho parent of crime, and turns the pleasures of life into a scene of misery and mortification ; it is the sure forerunner- of poverty, and often causes a man to commit actions which reduce him below the level of the brute creation. ' T ,»n ,i is.— vv niu is iiequenuy termed love, in the pre- sent day is an ardent desire, thickly veiled under a mask of sincerity, and made use of as an honourable pretext to solicit something not so honourable. Charity.— Profuseness and ostentation pass upon the world in the shape of this virtue with eclat, — but true charity does not proceed from a mere show of liberality ; it originates in the purity of the heart, and consists in doing good, as privately as possible, to those persons who are not in a condition to repay you. The blazoning forth .of a person's name in a large hand-bill, or the columns of a newspaper, as a subscriber to, a charitable institution, is not n. proof of generosity, but an empty parade of vanity and pride. Bigotry. Uiere is no person so contemptible, or so dangerous to society as a bigot. In nine cases .-out of ten he is a professor of religion, but not possessed of those ieelmgs which constitute a true Christian he is obstinate in his principles — overbearing with inferiors and inclined to quarrel with his equals, if they differ from him in their way of thinking. There is nothing which more easily causes a breach of good fellowship ' in private families than .bigotry, and there .is nothing that has caused more war, strife, or bloodshed, than bigotry ; it frequently engenders hatred, and often breaks asunder the ties of love or friendship. A' man (no matter who ho is,) that is big >tted in his principles; should be shunned and avoided with as much caution as a poisonous reptile. _ 1-Iai'pinf.ss.— Pope says " virtue alone is harming below.' —Query ? What is happiness tC'ommunu catcd . ' ' . Dreadful Depravity.— Edward Ellis, wodl-com- ber, of Jewrywell-strcet, was yesterday committed for trial at the assizes,, on a charge of having committed a rape on his own two daughters, one of whom is 13 years of age, and the other 10. He has been carrying on his brutal practices for nearly three years upon the eldest-child, and threatened to murder her it she at any time exposed him. On Sunday last, the poor little creatures were overheard by some of the neigh bours, while conversing 'together in the yard on the subject. 'Hie neighbours have for some time suspected the lather, and immediately informed the mother of the circumstance. Mrs. Ellis instantly questioned her children, when they communicated to her the wliole of this horrible and disgusting affair. Information having reached the ears of Mr. Charters, the superintendent of Police, lie gave directions for the man to' be appre-' Jiended, <uid <i policeman discovered him iri linrl vif « brothel on Sunday.— Leicester Journal. 1, ove, ven y is the purple light of youth. If it abides, blessing and blessed, with the unsophisticated heart ! youth never leaves us. Grey brows make not age— the feeble step, the wrinkled visage, these indicate the progress of tune, but not the passage of youth. Hapov. hearts keep us in perpetual spring, and the glow of childhood without its weaknesses, is ours to the' final limit of seventy. The sense of consolation, the pang of denial, the baffled hope, and the defrauded love these constitute, the only age that should ever give the heart a pang. We can fancy a good man advancing through all the mortal stages, from 71 to 75, and crown? ed by the sympathies of corresponding affections, sim- ply going on from youth to youth, ending at last in youth s perfect immortality ! The hope of this— not so much a hope as an instinct— is the faith of our boy hood I he boy, as the father, of the man; transmits tins hope to riper years; but if the experience of the day correspon d not with the promise of the dawn, how rapidly old age comes upon ns ! White hairs, lean cheeks, withered muscles, feeble steps, and that dull dead feeling about the heart-that utter, abandonment of cheer— which would be despair were it not, lor a certain blunted sensibility— a sort of drowsy indiffer ence to all things that the day brings forth, which as it takes from life the excitement of every passion, leaves it free from the sting of any. Yet, were not the tern- pest better than the calm, who would not prefer to be driven before the treacherous hurricane of the blue gulf, than to linger midway on its shoreless waters, and behold their growing stagnation from day to day " lhe apathy ot. the passions is.tho most terrible form'in which age makes its approaches. T"nROVTs 0F Blarney.— At a pleasant dinner party, Mrs. Montague, the vocalist (who is- a very lively person), asked Mr. Groves who had been invited' " whether he was any relation to the Groves of Blarney ? Groves gravely replied that he had but one relation, and that was liis brother John.— Communi- catcd . Imfudence of. the Rats of this Colony — While a gentleman, who resides in Princes-stieet, was taking Ins breakfast about a fortnight since a large rat entered the room and .cleared the plate of the toast, knocked lus coffee-cup over on the tray, and began drinking tho coffee. . He was struck with astonishment. It came, lie states, the following day, just as the servant announced that coffee was ready, and he asked the rat if he was come to his breakfast. The rat leaped upon the gentleman's knees, and from them upon the table and began clearing the plate as before. When the rat had drank all the coffee off the tray/the gentleman ' asked the servant to bring twopiecesof toasted bread, and two cups of coffee, and the rat came for five mornings in succession in the same way as mentioned above ; and the sixth morning the cat entered just as breakfast was announced, with the rat in its mouth, leaped upon the gentleman's knee, and dropped the dead rat upon the tray, at which the gentleman took ill, and if it had not been for medical aid, he certainly would have given up the ghost.— Communi cated. A certain Baker, in King Street, who is well known to possess a very irritable temper, questioned his de puty shopman, a few weeks since, as to his reason for wishing to be discharged.— " Because," replied the shopman (Mr. E. C.), "l ean no longer bear your passionate temper."— "To be sure," returned the master, " I am passionate, but it is no sooner on tlmri it is off." — " Yes," said the shopman, " but it is no sooner off than it is on." — Communicated. " There are three things," said Dan., " which I have always loved without understanding them— Painting Music, and Women."— Communicated. Advantage of Short Stature. — A Sub connected with our lumbering cotemporary, being given to un derstand that he would die by inches, very philosophi cally replied, "If that he the case, I am happy Lam not so tall as Mr. S-n. Printed and Published by Edmund Mason, 45, Pitt- street, Sydney, New South Wales. .: . , 