P Mi I Thursday, Nov. 9. Luke Hay, « seaman belonging to the Jane, was charged by the mate with habitual idlc nest and insolence; he had neglected to lise when called upon, and (o the mate ivas re tolved lo try the effects of a 'cold bath' in relieving the dormant propensities of the sluggard ; instead, however, of taking the prescription all in good part. Hay abused lii» officer in a very gross manner. Sentenced to try whether fourteen dayt upon the tread-mill '?''M hate auj cHVa.1 iu arousing liirn from his lethargy. I Ilolieit Murray, ticket-of-leave, was charged with being absent from his authorised place of residence. He had been discovered hy the police busily engaged in 'barking' the Go. vprntnf.nl wntllpc hI llm hunk nf the Ciltamcl lull; and it bci'K proved that he had upon general inusler-day taken out a past for a place tntvhlth he had not thought proper to proceed, nnd also that he had been in no creditable employment for the last live months, he was tentenced to n road party for » period «ceed ing by one month the term of Lit ?' French leave.' Isaac Hovel, free, wa» charged, under cii cunutancet of strong suspicion, with robbing a quondam companion or tome wearing apparel. Hemanded for further examination. Eliza Bryant, in the assigned service of Mr. Flexman, was charged with absconding and making free with her master's property. Mr. Flexman stated that he had only taken her out of the Factory on Saturday last, and that she absconded on Wednesday morning. On being asked her reason for such conduct, the foolish creature was wholly unable to assign one ; she had, it seems surrendered herself at the watch house about ten o'clock in the evening of the same day on which she absconded. Remanded to the Factory for further examination. Friday, Nov. 10. Thit day wat entirely barreii of incident only two individuals were fined in Ibe usual sum, for wandering at late hours in search of strong drink, und one man, the particulart of whose case appear elsewhere, was full, com niitlcd to take his trial on a chaige of felony Saturday, Nov. 11. William Howarth was ordered to add J, to her Maje6t)'s Exchequer for heiug uproarioui James Colheck was fined in a similar amount for belching fortli the inspirations of the ' jo||r god' without any regard to decency. Alexander Miller wai charged with resisting district constable Davit in the execution or ,,;» duty. It seemi that five or six individuals among whom were the two worthies above mentioned, as well at the defendant, had formed themselves into a company for the purpose of uo.iM^ftiuwwiiu me --uh|j». lueaeiendant by universal acclamation, was appointed to' discharge the high and important duties of a ' captain' to thit band of brother,. At a symbol of hit dignity he was immediately in vested with an enormous piece of ' broad paling,' wherewith he declared it to be bit tirm intention to level the whole empire of St. John-street. Having accordingly issued a manifesto to that effect, he called upon hit followcrt to » march,' which they Mi to the rattle of a whole ' volley' of oaths let off for tho especial occasion. Mr. Dims was informed of this powerful confederacy, and had never tbclcu the timerity to hasten single-handed to the spot. The redoubted chieftain of the troop immediately challenged and defied him to mortal combat, which however Davit thought proper very prudenily to decline, and as an additional proof of his paciGc intentions threw down the ,tan' that he was carrying in his hand. Thitwai mistaken for pasillanimityor cowardice, and of course operated at once like oil upon, fire in inflaming the courage of the opposing enemy. Mr. Davit was charged, but skilfully managed to elude the first ' onslaught' bv stepping aside, and then as nimbly taking hia enemy in 'tank,' disarmed and made him' prisoner. A reinforcement from St. John street quickly routed the remaining combatants, and the mighty hero was led orV the field—not in chains, but in handcuffs— to bewail all night the fickleness of fortune and the desertion and dispersion of his band. He wat now ordered to 'sell out his commission,' for the purpose of paying £2 to the Queen. Edward Healy, a member of the above re creant troop, was fined £s. for disturbing the peace. John Dawton and William Reid, were ac cused of exhibiting an over affection for the desli of that unclean animal, vulgarly called a ' pig,' and discharged for waut of proof. Monday, 13M November, 1S43. John Corper, licket-of-lcave, who it seems follows the same occupation as Saint Peter, wai charged with being absent from his authorised place of residence. The poor fellow had merely left hit bout for a few minutes to get borne re. freslunent, when he was pounced upoD by the ?? landsharks.' Ordered to return to hit busi ness. John Tobin, an assigned servant, whose master resides at Muddy Plaint, wai charged by Mr. Barclay, under the fullowing circum stances— that gentleman, staled thut on Satur day night last, shortly after retiring to reft, lie heard the kitchen door open and shut, and not being abje to imagine who could havo any business there at such a tin.e of night, hastened down to see. lie found the prisoner snugly ensconced in the kitchen cornertmokiog his pine with all the gravity and satisfaction of a Bashaw. On finding himself discovered, be attempted to escape, aud it wat not until after a small chaie thut be was captured. In ins ocience ne prcienucn 10 umc uwi »u de signation with Mr. Uarclay's servant woman, but iliis sounding very like a fudge from a man in his tituation, he was sentenced six months to the roads. John Gray, a drunken tailor, made hit tenth bow to the bench, and was fined 5s. for drunk ennits, with a caution to let it be the latt time. Tuesday, Nov. 14. The menagerie this morning contained but three bipeds, who, upon being called by tho keeper, answered respectively to the names of Butterworih, Thompson, and Kelly. They each pleaded guilty to the old charge, and were accordingly dealt with in the usual manner. Two informations under the polico act were also disposed of: one against a per son named King, for allowing hit cattle to giaze at large in the streets, on which tha defendant was fined in the penalty of £2, at the rate of St. a head ; and another against Robert Bloomfield, which wat quashed through informality. Public Education ? A memorial to Hit !icellcncy and the Legislature, is in the court* f signature in this town, praying consideration o the proposed arrangement of the Lord Jisliop of Tasmania, and the ridgy of the Sstablished Church, for the distribution of the urn of money about to be voted for the pur* loses of public education, which we have no loubt will receive the approval of niue parti if the community. Court or Reo.ce6Ts. Liuncmtoh. — 3n Friday morning the ' Little Co,' at it lat been facetioutly termed, wat opened for he trial of cases not exceeding £10, and af folded another lamentable proof of the present itate of affairs. A great majority of the actioni .vere entirely undefended— the debtors acknow editing the justice of the several claims against Ihem. and meiely interceding for time. Tail the ComniisMoner, with much feeling, re gretted his total inability to afford, and we consider this us one of the many radical defect! in the new Court of Requettt Act. A Com mistioner in such cases ought, we maintain, to be vetted with a certain degree of discretionary power, enabling and qualifying him to act id the capacity of an arbitrator between the coo tending parties. Neitweek. however, we in tend to offer a few observation! upon thu and other tubjects connected tvith the new Act, and shall therefore conclude our observation! by a niece or what we consider to be, Terj wholesome advice to tuch plaintiffs at recover «r.i:..,._ii li. iu kuimlv the defects of the la» by their own good feeling and good tente, and not in any instance to be too precipitate in handins an unfortunate individual over to the comforts of Mr. Thompson's est.bli.hment-for if people cannot pay their debt, out of gaol, it i. quite rert»iu that '?«» J*11^ li''1'18 ''— ' ^iTTmt F«»ki«-i'«— Up to the hour of out J.«l. n.cs. . tu. Ffc.'f «?*!»« nol.rri.ed at George Town. A deputation or gentlemen is about to proceed lo that place on the arrival of this ves.cl-to pay their rcspeclt to the re u Ju. of ll' lstc Governor. The Harbour masler has kindly consented lo do the amiable on the occasion. We leccommcnd the buoy boat to proceed the deputation with a few bushels of onions. ., FemaleFactoribs— According to lastweeKJ Government Gazette, in the factories of Hobart Towu and Launcctton, are confined one tnou taml one hundred and thirlyeight fctnalet Kmiokatiok to Valparaiso— We reportett tome lime buck that several cinigfanHwho haa arrived from England to Sydney, had in con sequence of being unable lo find employment at that place proceeded on to Valparaito i advice, have be^n received at S.dn.y fro Valparaiso, stating that the Chilian Govern ment would not allow UK*'* »»'' ??«* Eiantt to remain there. -«-« **& ''T^.El commander .1 the ««el which f»*q*-£g to take them to tome other port, and provide then with nectwy urovwooi. A- Word or on« soar of Comfort. —It « » well known feet that people labouring under j the pressure of misfortune sometimes derive a , jlransje tort of consolation from » knowledge thai ihcir neighbours are firing just us indif ferently ai themselves. Tliii ueine the cafe, we lies *' assure such of our rendert as lia« not access lo (lie requisite source* uf informa tion, that the aspect of affairs in til it colony it juit at fafouralile ai it it almost everywhere cite. A tliort time since, great expectations were entertained concerning tlie future grral neu aud prosperity of New Zealand ; but now, alas', a tliade of 'Cimeiian darkness' bu lieen tlirown over all t lie brightnesi of die highly coloured picture. The lint great mas sacre of our countrymen liy the natives, and the impossibility of calculnting hmv quickly it ?nay lie followed by a second, appears to operate like an inrulnu upon the colony. The press is it-ee»nn!lv endued in cuiimiiilrertiftg upon the nd calamity, and discontent is therenpon be coming every day more and uiare prevalent. Much blame it thrown upun [dote who lint instigated tlie outrage, and I heir imprudence in provoking it, i. said to Dud a parallel only in their puiillanimity in repelling it. Altogether we fhould ray tllat the event was only such an one as might have been well anticipated from tbe apathy displayed by the home Rovernment in checking the rapacity of unprincipled indi viduals;— certainly a Good share of tlir spoil was appropriated by that very government, and therefore tlie circumstance may be considered at iomelliinir l«s llian nirpiMng. Well, after all, we can sleep in our beds without the appre hension of becoming with the morning's light, ? breakfast for the ' Antliroponhufi,' and there is certainly some comfort in that ?' THE PRESS v. THE STAGE.— Mr. O'Flaherty, a six-foot aspirant for histrionic fame— who, by the redundant quantity of his crisped and golden locks, might have been taken for the brother of Absalom himself— appeared, in pro- pria persona, to answer the complaint of Mr. John Knight, formerly printer and proprietor of the Launceston Advertiser, for the non- payment off 2 8s. 6d., for printing and adver- tisement. The defendant took up a most j ' imposing attitude ' when called upon to answer the complaint, and looked at if ' He'd Oilier coin liii heart, and drop bit blood for j drachmas,' than to be thus forced upon * stage to uncongenial to his reelings. Upon being ?sked by the commissioner whether he owed Mr. Knight tbe money, he answered, in a voice tremulous with theatrical emotion, 'As I do live, he is a man I know not.' Upon hearing this auei (ion, Mr. Knight rose from bit teat, ?nd looked at if he would have answered in the wordt of Jaffier ? ' Not know me, Pierre?' The question wat however rendered unnecessary in consequence of the tudden appearance in the witness-boi of Mr. Goodall, who, at the time specified in the summons, was acting as Mr. Knight'f charge d'affaires. 'Now,' ?aid the commissioner, ' pray tell us, Mr. O'Plaherty, whether you know thai gentle rain?' To pieturetheeflectwliichtnesudden rising of this— not apparition, but actual and bodily personification of tbe said Mr. John Goodall, had upon the nervous system of the ?ock-and-buskin hero, would be altogether im possible. With a ttart which would have I done credit to the abilities of Kean himself, he turned and Hied hit withering gaze upon ! the man of types. From the sudden dilation ; of the orbit of his eye, we eipected every i moment to hear him break forth in the lan guage of Macbeth to tlie ghost of Banquo— ' Hence, horrible shadow ! unreal mockery, hence!' Before, however, he was afl'grde'd lime for any eihibition of the kind, Mr. Good, all proceeded to prove that he was no ' hor rible shadow,' by stating that lie know the defendant perfectly well, and remembered the whole transaction referred to in the summons. i Upon this, Mi. O'Flaherty's manner instantly changed, and he surveyed the witness with an air meant to imprest tlie byestandcrt with ? 'conviction that be bad uttered nothing but what was ?? falte at hell !' It was really quite a treat to look upon the hero of ' burnt cork' at this moment — ' he seemed (triune to j assume the look of the -- Belvidere Apollo'— ; ' In hit eye, and nostril beautiful disdain'— but ? it irould not do, and so stepping down from his imaginary pedestal, lie contented himself to be for a moment 'just like other men,' and pleaded a former insolvency in Sydney, at au answer to the plaint. The Commissioner how ever, proceeded to inform thii ' King of shreds and patches,' that such a plea nat equally dithonett at it wat unavailing, and forthwith gave a verdict for the plaintiff. After stand. ing for a few moments, as if petiifitd with ?ttonishment at this announcement, he catt a 'withering look' upon the Coniminioner, and darted out of the court apparently in a «ood_ 'To chide the thunder if it roai'd at him.' Uniform Dress for Female Pbisoners. — The Bolters' rag, of Saturday last, lecora. mends a ' Government regulation requiring female assigned servants to wear a uniform dress.' Wlmt neit 1 Minutdre Painting ? We have often had occasion to eipreis our reerel at tlie little en. couragement given to profosois of the line srtt in this distant portion of the British dominions. ' Ve have lately seen some portraits eieculed by Mr. Lock of this town, which for accuracy of drawing— harmony uf color— softnea of eipres. ?ion and delicacy of touch— (without the slight ets interest, beyond that of stimulating genius) we tvould pronounce to be almost worthy of some pf the first matters at home. Adverting to the subject ofDaguerrotype likcneites, so generally tfoken of just now, we would sincerely re commend the elite of our island to inspect the comparative nieiiis of the two production! be- j fore they make choice of their arlitt. We un- - demand Mr. Lock is about to make a profes sional tour through the country, to Hobart Town. We wish him all the success he de serves. . Absconders from Stdney ? Our police reports of the early part of last week, contain certain naiticulars relating to the apprehension of a nan named Edward Green, owine prin. cipally to the vigilance of constable Taylor, who afterward! identified him at the police office. There are we believe other individuals concerned in tbe capture, who will also he en titled to a share of the reward. The man turns out lo be a desperate offender from a penal icttlement near Sydney, who in company with two others, escaped in the year 1841, and committed a variety of capital offences. A few days since, a constable from Adelaide, in pursuit of Green, arrived at Hobart Town, ?nd subsequently at Launceston. He visited »»e gaol and the men being ranked up, he Without an instant's hesitation identified tbe offender, who had all along obstinately per sisted in representing himself as a free man Such are said to have been the nature of hit depredations, u to induce the Sjdncy Govern ment to offer a reward of £100, for his appre hension, and . like iUni for ,„„, of „(,„',£ of ^companions. He i, to be immediately des patched to the. place, wl,ere he will, doubtless meet with the reward of his manifold offence': JTbe P,.«M._Tue rapidit, niln wh;ch ,,,=, ?ll-pervading power has developed itself .'Zh0U-1 '' T 'gioni of our *»£»ta£fc Unitary i. truly surprising, and argues well ft, the ,„,«%,„« of its struggling Z'Z ' prang ir.ltthii.ni.. .. Sell ,our |wolt, r buy . newspaper,' »u tl« ,-Jrice delivered to ? young beginner in the world, by one whose tiperience, perseverance, and love or knowledge has been ,.rty e,u.Hed , a,ld llle ,.kl :„„,,/„ «f these hebdomadal periodical, in the South ern hemisphere, prove, beyond a doubt that Ibe maitm it well appreciated in all the ncigh fcunng co onlel. As B piMf of (he K «« «fcr the Hunger to the file, of the -'r.x. ?».!!!*! *?* are ??*'»-!«?* that by their ?rouble I. neruse „„,,.-„, ludr leadiug „,?,?£ ! he canoot avoid being struck no leu with the degree of talent which they display, than with the patriotic nature of the principles they in culcate. In oui own individual capacity, we beg to say thai ' we are not fishing for compli ments ;' but facts are fact; whoever may utter (hem;— and such being the case, we cannot forbear paying this just tribute lo the zeal of our contemporaneous fellow-labourers. Tue Season ? In the midst or all our trou bles, it is delightful and consoling lo observe the beneficent constitution of nature, whereby she labours to repair the evils we too frequently inflict upun one another. Peiliaps a more genial commencement of the summer season whs never witnessed than the present, and it uffords real satisfaction lo state that amongst tlie rest of its ' Wetted influences,' may be reckoned the iilmr.il total disappearance of the epedemic, that during the past winter com mitted such dreadful ravages amongst us, and entirely changed the aspect of many a cheerful fireside. It would be almost superfluous to add, that the crops are .apidly flourishing under the operation of such delightful weather. We are informed of the fact, both by personal observation in the suburbs, and written com munications from tin' interior. May we prove ourselves not unmindful of such blessings, but show that they touch our hearts by ciercUing towards each other tlie benevolence and for bearance, so highly conducive both to our teni poral and eternal welfare. The New Government Hocse. _ This building teems to lie in a state of rapid pro gress, and unless deceived by uppearances, we 'calculate' us brother Jonathan would say, that it will shortly become a very pleasing addition to — we were going to say the number of our public buildings. Certainly two or three are sufficient to constitute a number in the real seme of the term, but not in the same sense as we (in the present case) should have liked lo use it. However 'Home was not built in a day,' and therefore we mutt wait pBtiently for the fulfilment of what has been promised. Other buildings of a public character, will we believe shortly rise from their foundation, and that too we should hope with such celerity at may afford an earnest of their speedy com pletion. En bor. — Our repoiter is desirous of con ecu ing au error in our police report of last week, lu speaking of the commitment of George Mai lers on a charge of robbing Mrs Ti imleit, it is stated that a man named Flowers was admitted evidence. This would seem to imply that he had previously been an accomplice, and also that the magistrate had taken upon himself considerably more than lie hod any business to do. After all, it is a mere verbal error : Floweit gave evidence when called upon at to the completion of a hoi ivlierein the p.operty was found concealed ; he is not supposed to have known anything further about the matter. A man named Uird ivat eiamined on a charge of being an accomplice, but was dismissed for want of proof. The Streets — We have much pleasure in being enabled to communicate lo the inhabi tants of this town, that his Etcellency Sic E. E. Wilmot has commanded Mr. Breton to cease interfering- with the Town Surveyor in hit public duties ; the inhabitants may therefoie now expect decent streets, and a little belter performance of the police duties than here tofore. Some few observations ire hive pre pared on the subject of the streets, are neces sarily deferred until Saturday's publication. HoBiKT Town Police —We learn that it it in contemplution to divide the towns for police purposes, into four districts ; each of which is to be under the inspection of one district and two division constables, with orders to keep an especial look out as to the move ments of suspected persons having no visible means of gaining an honest livelihood. Their orders will be to make themselves acquainted with the names «nd haunts of all such persons in their several districts, and furnish reports from time lo time to the Chief Police Mugis. trute. In sliort, disorderly houses, and sus pected persons, will be subjected to a close system of surveillance. This will greatly facilitate the detection of robberies and other offenders ugainst the law ? H. T. Advertiter. 