THE COURIER, THURSDAY, JULY 20. The following lines, in answer to the Charade that appeared in the Courier of 2nd June last, were written by a Native youth, twelve years of age. I've waited all my June vacation, ''In anxious hope and expectation, To see what answer would be made To your last poetical Charade ; But, no!I the muse has left them all, E'en Bums the great and Knox the small. Oh where is Knox with his prosy wreath ? Is he laid low in the earth beneath ? I grieve for the ambitious little blade Who's followed his scribbling to the shade. But whcre's the laureate? Is he deaf? Or is be gone a voyage with Lady F. ? I am sure he has not spent his fire, For he would not shoot at Mac's desire ; But p'r'aps I'm wrong, and in his late alarm, It may be for trembling he can't.use his arm. But time is up, the holidays are ended, Tasmania by a native boy must be defended. In answer, then, my heart it yearns To write not fight, like David Burns. Now for Sir Hilary's hasty prayer When filled with anxious hope and care, On entering on the battle field All in his polished armour steeled : On Heaven he cast his eyes, and muttered Two syllables, indeed, was all he uttered, Or all that time allow'd him there, For action then be must prepare. How comprehensive was his call On Heaven ! the hope and stay of all Heaven ! for all the proud and brave Heaven ! to succour and to save Heaven ! for honour and reward Heaven ! for all with one accord Heaven ! with its cold dewy cloud, For the brave and fallen, is a shroud ; A cover and a resting-place, With all its happiness and grace - Heaven ! for the maid who sighs - Heaven ! in her bright blue eyes, Who for the fallen warrior cries - Heaven ! for her when she dies ! A Native Youth. We reprint the following1 article from the Advertiser of the 14th instant, the more .effectually to enable our readers, upon perusing ' the comments which follow, to mark the sinis- ter mode of using extracts adopted by our \- contemporary. " We have already mentioned the falsehoods promulgated by Mr. Montagu respecting the -proprietorship of this journal, and the author- ship of certain articles attributed by the same veracious authority to Lady Franklin. We exposed them at the time ; we now return to the subject with regret: but a document has reached us within a few days which recals the time «hen a similar attempt was made by the -journal then under the protection and patron- age of Mr. Montagu, and which died a natural death shortly after his departure, when it was considered prudent and necessary that the Courier should throw off the mask, and itself become the avowed organ of the party inimical to the Government. On the 10th December, 1841, Mr. Montagu returned from a pleasure excursion, in company with Mr. M'Dowell, who, at that time, edited the Fan Diemen's Land Chronicle, under bis well-known and avowed patronage. On the evening of that day appeared in the Fan Die men's Land Chronicle the commencement of an article, concluded on tho 24th, which called forth a reply on the part of the Courier of the SI st, in which allusions were made to the carousals of the editor of the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle. On the 11th of February, 1842, he reverts to the article, and had the im- pudence and indecency to attribute it to the pen -of Lady Franklin. Wo insert the extract, of 'which we know not which to admire most-the ! miserable attempt at sarcasm, or the impudent falsehood : " Ihey assert that her Ladyship's pen is more than a match lor all her political opponents I Where exer- cised ? Will they tell us that ? No : thatduty devolves upon ourselves ; and accordingly we have the pleasing task of informing our readers that a late article which appeared in the CoariVrVcoinpIniningof our comments upon the Breeze, and referring to our carousals, was from ' her Ladyship's pen. ' It is no longer made a secret of; but bad we known it at first, we should have dealt less roughly by it than we felt called upon to do." Van Diemeñ's Land Chronicle, I \th February, 1842. The editor of the Courier knew the falsehood of the statement ; he dared not, however, avow the fact ; he temporised with his more reckless and (in print) daring- antagonist, and in a strange article of the ISth, begged his contem- porary to retract. The result, as may be imagined, was a fresh accession of audacity, and the appearance in the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle of the 25th, of the following asser- tions, equally witty and equally false : « In conclusion, we would briefly reply to an article In the last week's Courier, in which, nmidst a flow of facetiousness, we are appealed to to repudiate the asser- tion which we made, that Lady franklin was the authoress of an article in the Courier, in reply to some comments of our own upon the Breeze." . * . . . " Unfortunately, however, we cannot toke the ghost's word for it in this instance ; for, in addition to its forming the topic of general con- versation before we alluded to it, the article itself bears internal evidence of its manufacture ; and having some experience of composition and of human nature, we must abandon the evidence of our own senses before we could abandon the conviction that it was a contribution furnished from the source to which we have adverted." There is no qualification-no reservation-no doubt-no hesitation. The assertion is posi- tive : its truth will appear by the following extract from a letter by the real author, written about a week since : "I beg to state that the paragraph you refer to, which appeared in the Courier newspaper of the Slst December, 1641, in allusion to some remarks made by a contemporary paper on the subject of the expenses of Lady Franklin's excursions to Port Phillip, &c;, was, at 1 mentioned to you soon after its appearance, written byrne; and I may, perhaps, as well say that it was entirely the expression of my own feelings, without the slightest suggestion from any other person whatever_ Your'B,ic (Signed) Charles Bradbury." We let these parallel assertions speak for themselves: we make no comment on the reck- lessness with which so impudent a falsehood was promulgated, farther than this-that even at that period it was attempted to connect Lady Frank- lin's name with the press, no doubt for the purpose of giving a »rat semblance to the graver falsities of Mr. Montagu, whose little weak- nesses were described with such cutting irony by the motto recommended for his service of plate, " magna est vis veritatis." For a trans- lation, we refer to the soubriquet bestowetl on bim by his fellow-officers of the 40th." The above leader, in the Advertiser of Friday last, the 14th instant, was doubtless intended to produce some great effect in bringing for- ward a private letter obtained from Mr. Brad- bury, in which that gentleman declares himself to be the author of a certain article appearing io the Courier on the 31st Dec, 1841, which identical article the editor of the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle somewhat pertinaciously insisted opon attributing to the pen of Lady Franklin. The Advertiser, although " skilful in artifice," has not, however, succeeded well in this last ruso. The silly and most wilful suppression of the truth, in alluding to the contradiction which appeared in the Courier of the 18th Feb., per- mits us correctly to apply the words of the Advertiser to the writer of his remarks-"he knew the falsehood of the statement ; he dared not, however, to avow tho fact." Before the Advertiser impeaches the character of others for veracity; it will be requisite that it should first place its own character beyond all suspi- cion ; or, like the boy in the fable, it will cry out, " the wolf, the wolf?' in vain-nobody will believe it. The whole of the extracts brought forward by the Advertiser require only to be placed before the public in the order in which they were written, with the dates attached, to clear them from the mystery in which they are warily -enveloped by our astute contemporary. Thus the subject originated. In the leading article of the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle of the 24th December, 1841, there appeared the fol- lowing paragraph in allusion to-what the editor of that paper designated-" the sums of money wantonly lavished upon ridiculous jour nies and fantastical deviations from the beaten paths of men Í" Theeditor proceeds : " We assert that, in the two first years of his govern- ment, Sir John Franklin has, upon these puerile peregrinations, expended more money than Sir George Autnun's personal expenditure amounted to during his government of this colony I To thishour, too, although Sir John Franklin knows that the days of his rule here are numbered, we find a discreet laudator of His Excellency putting forward, in the last number of the Courier, the following paragraph : ' Lady Franklin will shortly make an excursion to several parts of the coast in Captain Brigg's little vessel, tile Breeze, which has been engaged for tile occasion.' " Will the agreeable writer of this interesting intelli- gence be pleased to inform his readers in what portion of the estimates are we to look for this item of expen- diture? In vain have we searched for it, unless it is to come under that undefined head, ' To meet unexpected contingencies,' by which name every job may be kept from public observation. The Courier will, we trust, continue to furnish us with more examples of this kind of expenditure. Petty, it may be, in its integral parts, but monstrous in its aggregate und scandalous in its example."- V. D. L. Chronicle, 24l7» Dec, 1841. It is here necessary to observe that at this period (1841) Mr. Bradbury was a contributor to the columns of the Courier, and undertook to reply to the foregoing quotation from the V. D. L. Chronicle, and the following remarks appeared in the succeeding Courier, 31st Dec, 1841, from the pen of that gentleman :- ' " We regret to observe that a contemporary, from whom we had hoped better things, has taken up that hacknied theme of the popularity-hunters-the abuse of the Lieutenaut-Governor. We fear he will find but sorry advantages in thus identifying himself, at least in one degree, with a fraternity whose productions are characterised by this topic, anJ, as a consequence, have nothing for their reward but the condemnation and avoidance of all whose estimatiou is to be valued. In the course of the tirade which he has so heedlessly in- dulged in, he has not hesitated to attribute, in anticipa- tion, conduct which, not merely the Lieutenaut Governor, but any gentleman would shrink from. He enquires, with reference to the probable visit of Lady Franklin to some parts of the coast in a vessel which has been engaged for that purpose, ' in what portion of I the estimates we are to look for this item of expendi- ture ?' Now we are quite sure the writer knew perfectly well that he would be just as likely to find the expenses of any of his own carousals provided far in the said official document us the cost of such private excursions as the lady referred to may think proper to make. Ile, as well as the public, cannot but be aware, from the known sentiments of those he has thought I proper to attack, that of all scandal they should at least have been safe from this. Did the writer find in the estimates the expenses of Lady Franklin's excursions to Port Phillip, Sydney, South Australia, ana New Zealand?"-ii. T. Courier,31«< Dec, 1841. Six weeks elapsed from this period when I there appeared a leader in the Van Diemen's , Land Chronicle professing to take a retro- spective view of the causes which conduced to the removal of Mr. Montagu from office. In the course of his remarks the editor com- bats the excuses put forward by the defenders of Lady Franklin, " claiming exemption for her ladyship from public comment in a mat- ter originating entirely with her." The writer then proceeds : " It is a flimsy and a feeble veil held up to blind peo- ple to a plain view of its merits or demerits. What say admiring writers in her favour? They assert that her ladyship's pen is more than a match for all her political opponents I When exercised ? Will they tell us that ? No : that duty devolves upon ourselves ; and accordingly we have the pleasing task of informing our readers that a late article which appeared in the Courier, complaining of our comments upon the breeze, and referring to our carousals, was from 'her ladyship'» pen.' It is no longer made a secret of; but had we known it at first, we should have dealt less roughly by it than we felt called upon to do." Here it will be seen, by a reference to the article which we have reprinted from the Advertiser of the 14th instant, that the contradiction to this statement, which ap- peared the following Friday in the Courier, is passed over by the Advertiser with the fol- lowing comment :-" the editor of the Cou- j " BIER knew the falsehood of the statement ¡ " he dared not, however, avow the fact ¡ he "temporized with his more reckless and (in "print) daring antagonist; and in a strange "article of the 18th, begged his contemporary 'to retract." The Advertiser has omitted (astutely, as that journal says of the Review) to give the avowal which the Courier did make upon this occasion; we, therefore, beg to supply the omission, which, if it does not at once expose the motive for its suppression by the Advertiser, clearly exhibits our contem- porary's want of veracity and tortuous policy. " The readers of the Van Diemen's Land Chronicle cannot fail to have observed that the mercurial con- ductor of that journal possesses-like the man in the play-a very luxuriant fancy, < a flow of spirits, apt to hurry him into the marvellous in his narratives ;' and, for our own parts, we have no objection to see a writer thus run away with by bis imagination, whose sallies are as smart and lively as in general are our contem- porary's; provided that, when they have a persona! application, they be clothed in no other than the fair vestiture of fiction which belongs to them. But we do object to idealities of this nature being dressed up to public view in the garb of fact ; and we have particular right to do so when our own name is introduced into such disguises. We have an instance of this sort last peek, where the editor asserts, that <a late article ' which appeared in the Courier, complaining of the ' Chronicle's comments upon the Breeze, and referring to ' his own carousals, was from her ladyship's pen.' " Being alone competent to decide upon the correctness of this statement-to which our silence would give a sort of sanction-we feel compelled, in common manliness and love of truth, to assure our readers-and the Chronicle, if it remains in error-that it is utterly destitute of foundation. " Is this not daring to avow the fact ? But we will proceed " The Courier has never been honoured with a line from the pen of Lady Franklin, Here is a repetition of the denial whom we can as little conceive to be meddling with newspaper paragraphs, We regret that subsequent events have in- duced us to believe we were in error'here as concerning herself about the ltoras vinosa of the editor of the Clironicle, to which he alludes at the same time. We have in the same article the kindly assurance of the editor, that he hat always forborne any abuse of her ladyship's name in these carousals. May we not hope (being a sort of appeal to 'PhilipSober')that the same generosity will prompt him to offer early «mends for the unfounded allegations he hu been thus drawn into, publicly involving her ladyship's name. The question is entirely remote from the recent mis- understandings between His Excellency and the late Colonial Secretary." The Van Diemen** Land Chronicle was, nevertheless, so pertinaciously disposed that he would maintain his belief in his former as- sertion, as evidenced in his reply of the 25th, which the reader can again peruse by reference to the article from the Advertiser. We have, however, sufficiently shown the left-handed manner in which the Advertiser has made its extracts, and the absolute falsity of the assertion, that the editor of the Courier " knew the falsehood, but dared.not avow it." There is the article which appeared in the Courier of the 18th February, 184\J'written in reply to the Chronicle, and denying, in the strongest terms, not only that Lady Franklin did not write the article in question, but that the Courier had never been honoured with a line from her ladyship's pen. It is difficult to imagine what result the Advertiser contemplated in making an assertion so easily disproved. Supposing our contem- porary had, by some singular chance, been cor- rect in his statement, to what would it amount ? Simply, that Lady Franklin did not write that particular paragraph in the Courier, and, indeed (which we admit to its fullest extent,) that her ladyship never honoured this journal with her lucubrations. It proves nothing in respect to Mr. Montagu, who has uttered no untruth regarding the pro- prietorship of the Advertiser, nor has he attri- buted certain articles in that journal to her ladyship. He spoke of a current report which he, in common with most other people, believed. One thing is, however, very clear, that the unlucky article in the Advertiser, upon which we are commenting, does satisfy mí-and we have no doubt it will the public-of the imme- diate and close intimacy between the inmates of Government House and the Advertiser. ! To whom was Mr. Bradbury's letter ad- dressed ? Will they tell us that ? No : that necessary duty devolves upon us. Truth and justice, however, demand that we should pluinly state the fact,-that Mr. Bradbury's letter was addressed to F. H. Henslowe, Esq , Private Secretary, Government House ! With this undeniable fact placed before the public, we have little cause to criticise or to condemn further the article in the Advertiser. It speaks volumes. We have no occasion to wonder at the insinuations against the veracity of Mr. Montagu, or at the ingenuity displayed in omitting to quote the " strange article of the 18th" from the columns of the Courier. What does our contemporary now think ofithat portion of his article wherein, alluding ti the editor of the Courier, he asserts-" he dared not, however, avow the fact." We have'now generously presented him with one more fact than he probably anticipated or cared to have . brought to ¡light. 'Fact upon fact. We are not without surprise that His Excellency (who made an improper use of the local press, one of the charges against Mr. Montagu) should permit his private secretary to play with such weapons ; if this functionary does so without his knowledge it is infinitely worse,, and may account for the awkward results which have occasionally taken place during the present governorship. Our contemporary has, upon this as upon other occasions, evinccd'himself both daring and reckless, and were he in America would probably be considered a " smart"* fellow ; but let him beware, for your very smart people invariably terminate their perpetrations in a ''fix."^ . A prominent feature with the Americans is the love of " smart " dealing, which gilds over many a .swindle and gross breach of trust ; many a defalcation, public and private ; and enables many a knave to hold his head up with the best, who well deserves a halter though it has not been without its retributive operation, for this smartness has done more In a few years to im- pair the public credit, and to cripple the public resources, than dull honesty, however rash, could have effected in a century. The merits of a broken speculation, or a bankruptcy, or of a successful scoundrel, are not gauged by its or his observance of the golden rule, " Do as you would he done by," but are considered with reference to their smartness. I recollect, on both occasions of our passing that ill-fated Cairo on the Mississippi, remark- ing on the had effects such gross deceits must have ' when they exploded, in generating a want of confidence abroad, and discouraging foreign investment ; but I was given to understand that this was a very smart scheme by which a deal of money had been made; and that its smartest -feature was, that they forgot these things abroad in a very'short time, and speculated again as freely as ever. The following dialogue I have held a hundred times:-"Is it not a very disgraceful circum- stance that such a man as So and So should be acquiring a large property by the most infamous and odious means, and notwithstanding all the crimes of which he has been guilty, should be tolerated and abetted by your Citizens? Ile is a public nuisance, is he not ?" "Yes, sir." "A convicted liar?" "Yes, sir." "He has been kicked, and cuffed, and caned?" "Yes, sir." " And he is utterly dishonourable, debased, and profli- gate?" " Yes, sir." " In the name of wonder, then, what is his merit?" " Well, sir, he is a smart man." American Notes, for General Circulation, by Charles Dickens. f " Will you try," said my opposite neighbour, hand- ing me a dish of potatoes, broken up in milk and butter, 1 will you try some of these fixings ?" There arc few words which perform such various duties as this word " fix." It is the Caleb Quotem of the American vocabulary. You cull upon a gentleman in a country town, and his help informs you that he is "fixing himself" just now, but will be down directly: by which you are to understand that he is dressing. You inquire, on board a steamboat, of a fellow passenger, whether breakfast will be ready soon, and lie tells you he should think so, for when he was last below they were "fixing the tables:" in other words, laying the cloth. You beg a porter to collect your luggage, and he entreats you not to be uneasy, for he'll "fix it presently:" and if you complain of indisposition, you are advised to have recourse to Doctor So and So, who will " fix you " in no time. One night I ordered a bottle of mulled wine at an hotel where 1 was staying, and waited a long time for it ; at length it was put upon the table with an apology from the landlord that he feared it wasn't " fixed pro- perly." And I recollect once, at a stage-coach dinner, overhearing a very stern gentleman demand of a waiter who presented him with a plate of underdone roast beef, " whether he called tltat fixing God A'mighty's vittles ?" -Ibid. 