•&QPWB; c o u w m . ' SHAKSPrAftE.' ' (From. 'iWylibrari)?' and ta^^Atdjaem.) . Hext, standing lone, u .study ^iijlsclf,,, -. Lo'.Sbalapeare's vq^meglo'ti^ ili'e slielf. Sphered in light if bis'ereffire mind, Ancrther world merging in this; Wfe 'find: " Leanfatsl hnga ride poBtingonthfe blast, 1 . ; And *vltigod immdrtalslbrAlig atonnd ilk fast: Those 08 <li« wulptarWsiuble firmly lined. These, like a vapour.dim and undefined, - J.tj.novvfuturjty withdraws jUer veil; -H;T -And pVurslierphantoni kings before the tyrant pale! " " .. No«*, id the nioonVquick glimpses"beaming 1 cold, ; A fshtidowy warrior's stilting form heboid! While o'er, like echoes from oblivibn'e coast, Conies the deep speech of the unquiet ghost. Torn we a page—Oh, for a power io save The meek load beauty.from lier watery grave! "Swel ls to tliejjowi!" with the. sad queen we cry........ ... . - AnflidafebilidiiWed tear-drops from our eye. hilt duMiaVrs Hoffit sternefei Knowledge, lard . With' ihote cold precepts World- wise hearts regard, i ' ' " ' • I . Howmanya thoughtful page is shared between • ; I'tmtv.Jind wisdom in flier sagestmltin. A robition's worshipper, an X^ssar's death; May sec that glory's but on empty breath; And learn from Richard's apectre haunted hour To balelbebitlabusness of godless power! VVhat sensualist, while thunders ]oud the page Willi fulling Antony's majestic rage, But must, with profit to hijnself, deplore The fatal witlierios of tbevegal—; ! What wealthy prodigal, from Timon's fall, Shall aim not to avoid the flatterer s thrall! What .bushand, viewing dark Othello's deed, But shall with caution, at the worst, proceed ? The sire may loam to shun the rivalha:e, .That consummated gentle Juliet's fate; The child be chastened by the filial (ear Shed for the wrongs that maddened royal Lear. Now with desiiooflatigh'ornrewe bit? J-et's ride with talslAfl*fnu stnrm of wit. Jffierre our ninod, another leafivill yield IWeei foud—IheJhunders effe battle-Gald. To innocence would we devot awhile ? iMiranda beckons from her desert isle. With lonely virtue would we mingle tears t A mortal angel, Imogen.'appears. 3 With joyous goodness thirst we torejmee 7 Belmont .is vocal with its Portia's.voice. Comes o'er uB.likea longrcmembercd^train, 7'he love of rural scenes wo ne'er may see again 1 In shady Ardcn, then, let's ivnnder wild With buoyant ItosuUii-l and Celii mild. Or telk with Perdita of floivera, from whose Itich warbled words, as from a shower of dews. The}' borrow fresher scents and s:ill diriner hues. Would we be solaced with a song? Swea lays Tint breathe the innocence of ancient davs. Like drops of gold, or gems of precious hue. Are interspersed the glorious volume through Oh,oft wandering rt- theclosnof day Thus musing, tomv listening heart 1 say : While "sweetest Shakspeare, Fancy's darling child, Warbles^tr ins his native wood-notes wild," J.et others thirst for wealth and power, and dwell costly mansions—I can spare tliera well! 