ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.--BERRIMA. SEPT. 4. (Before Sir James Dowling, Chief Justice.) The spring assizes commenced on Monday last, at Berrima. The Chief Justice, the sheriff, and Mr. D. B. Hutchinson arrived on Saturday. The members of the bar present were, the Solicitar- General, and Messrs. Manning, Purefoy, and Cheeke. The jury having been impannelled,received his Honor's charge : — Richard Jackson was then placed at the bar; charged with having, at Yass, on the 5th of April last, passed two forged orders, purporting to be drawn by Messrs. Grant and Trevelyan, of Burrowa, on the Managers of the Union Bank, Sydney, with intent to defraud Mr. Middleton, publican, of Yass, and Mr. Jacob Myers, storekeeper, of the same place. The jury gave a verdict of not guilty, and the pri- soner was discharged, with an admonition from his Honor to be more careful how he acted in future. Charles Cartwright was then placed at the bar, charged with having, at Yass, on the 3d of April last, passed a forged order, purporting to be drawn by Grant and Trevelyan, on the Union Bank, Sydney, with intent to defraud Moses Moses, innkeeper, of Yass. The jury returned a verdict of guilty, and he was remanded for judgment. Thomas Ready was next placed at the bar, charged with having, at Queanbeyan, on the 9th April last, violated the person of Elizabeth Bailey, wife of John Bailey, brickmaker, of the same place. Mrs. Bailey was then placed in the witness box, and related the manner in which the prisoner had accomplished the crime with which he was charged. It happened, she said about ten in the morning, while her husband was at the mill. She had escaped from the prisoner at first, and ran towards the township, but he pursued her and brought her back, saying he would " knock her very eye out" if she told any one. Her husband came home in half an hour, and she told him what had happened. In answer to questions from, his Honor the Chief Justice, she said, she did not know her own age; she could not read nor write, had never been to Church; and did not know what religion was; neither did she understand the nature of an oath, nor the consequence hereafter of violating it. She had no idea, in fact, of a future state. She had been taught the Lord's Prayer, however, and repeated it to his Honor, but she did not know the meaning of it; she did not know who was meant by " Our Father." She had “kept company" with her husband about a week before their marriage, but had known him six months before. His Honor in summing up, pointed out to the Jury that there was some degree of inconsistency between the evidence of the woman and her husband, as the latter said that they frequently went to church, while his wife said they never went. The Jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was discharged. Thomas Coyle was charged with having, at Gun- daroo, on the 10th of March last, stolen an ox, the property of Maurice Barlow. The indictment also stated the beast to be a cow, and also a heifer, and to be the property of William Hall Palmer - verdict of guilty was returned, and the prisoner was remanded for judgement. John Callaghan was arraigend on a charge of cattle-stealing, but the witnesses not being in attend- ance the case was remanded. Tuesday, September 5. ( Before Sir James Dowling, Chief Justice .) Martin Beech and Lucretia Dunkley, both of Goulburn, were indicted for the wilful murder of Henry Dunkley, the husband of the female prisoner, at Gunning, on the 13th September last. The facts of this revolting case will be best ex- plained by the evidence, before giving which, it will only be necessary to premise, that Henry Dunkley, the unfortunate victim of one of the most cruel murders ever committed, was a farmer at Gunning, thirty miles from Goulburn, and the prisoners at the bar his wife and farm servant, be- tween whom a criminal intimacy had existed for some time previous, which ended in the horrible tragedy detailed in the following evidence. Jane Williams, alias Clark, was the first witnessed examined, as follows: I am a widow living near Gunning, where also Henry Dunkley lived, whom I knew ; he was a man of substnace, having horses, cattle, and land, and was a man of about forty years of age : I am servant to the people who took a farm at Gunning, viz: Henry Clark and James Farquhar ; my cottage lies about fifty yards only from that of Dunkely ; I know Beech who lived at Dunkely's house, where he eat at the same table, and slept in the skillion, to go from which to the bedroom of Mr. and Mrs. Dunkley, it was only necessary to go through a room which was used as a kind of store ; I last saw Dunkley the evening, before he was missing when they were all engaged cleaning wheat, except Farquhar and Clark, Mr. and Mrs. Dunkley included. Mr. Dunkley left work about sunset, saying he would go and smoke his pipe; and during his absence Mrs. Dunkley said that " Dunkley was going to Berrima in the morning to employ counsel for Boucher (that being during the assizes,) and that he would free Boucher that time, but if ever he got in trouble again he would do no more for him." Mrs. Dunkley added, that I might tell Clark and Scotch Jemmy of it, but not Tom Shepherd, but would not say why. Pre- sently Mr. Dunkley returned, and said to me, if I would get up early in the morning we might run down the remainder of the wheat by breakfast-time ; on my promising to do which, Mrs. Dunkley, looked over to me, and made motions as much as to say that Dunkley was deceiving me, and intended to go to Berrima in the morning ; the last time I saw Dunk- ley that night he was standing at his door with the prisoner Beech ; Mrs. Dunkley just inside ; I did not believe what Mrs. Dunkly had said ; I went to bed at the usual time, and rose before day-light to help with the wheat ; I found Mr. Dunkley’s door shut ; I he had promised to be up, and was a very early riser ; after I had brought the third bucket of milk the door of the house was open, and Mrs. Dunkley standing in the middle of the floor; clapping her hands, jump- ing, as if rejoicing, and saying, "He's off! he's, off!" I understood her to mean that she was glad Dunkley had gone to Berrima ; but I said, "Why, woman, who's off?" to which she replied, “Dunkley's off to Berrima,” and I said, " When ?" to which she replied, " At cockcrow in the morning :” I then said, " What have you been about that you are draggled so;" her gown being wet nearly up to the knees, and her shoes and stockings both wet and dirty ; she said she had been to Mrs. Knight's with six bushels of wheat; after I had breakfasted I went again to Mrs. Dunk- ley's, where I found her and Beech at breakfast ; there was nothing particular in Beech's appearance; Mrs. Dunkley afterwards came to my cottage, and asked me to lend her six pounds of butter, and she would pay me when she got the money from Mrs. Knight for the wheat ; I went to the dairy for it, when she asked me to lend her twelve pounds, as that would get two bottles of rum ; which I did ; they had been drinking that day, but not at the time that I had a glass of rum in their place ; and Tom Shepherd was sent to Gunning, three miles off, for rum more than once ; the last time he came back from Gunning he came into my house, and Mrs Dunkley and Beech came down, when Tom said, "You are all done, master is close at hand, for I have seen his horse ' Nobby ;' " upon which Mrs. Dunkley said, " No, no, not he — where's the rum, where's the rum?" Tom Shepherd said he had planted it, but would go and fetch it and the horse, which he did, Beech going with him, and they returned with the horse, which had nothing on but a green hide rope round its neck, upon which Mrs. D. said; " Just as I said — Dunkley told me he would go as far as Goulburn, and leave the horses at Simmons's, and take the mail from there, as it would be cheaper than keeping the horse in Ber- rima ; and they must have let the horse go, and he has come home." Nine days after that, I remember Beech saying, " It is nine days since Dunkley went, and it is on the ninth day that drowned people come up;" but I had heard that saying before and thought nothing of it. Next day she went to Goulburn in her own dray, with Beech and Tom Shepherd — a load of wheat being also in the dray. I asked her, if Mr. Dunkley should come home, how he was to get in ? on which she said, " Oh, there's no fear -of his coming home ; but if he does he knows the way." The two prisoners were constantly together after Dunkley was missed; im- proper familiarities have often been observed between them ; no one else slept in the house where they did ; and they were always tipsy. I have heard Mrs. D. vilify her husband — say she hated the sight of him, and ask what use it was to live with a man she hated. That was in Beech's presence. If ever I asked where Mr. D. was, she would say, " In a corner of the house, somewhere with his eyes closed." Mr. Dunkley was an active man, able to manage all his own affairs, and was a kind husband, who lived on good terms with his wife except when they drank. When she came back from Goulburn, it was in custody of Mulligan, the constable The house, the rooms, and the bed were then seached, and a spot of blood was discovered on the bedtick, larger than a shilling, and quite plain, but dry ; a piece had been cut out of the bedtick also, and a piece of sacking put in, the sewing being that of a man. Mrs. D. is a very good needle-woman. She was asked to account for the spot of blood, and she said if they must know, it was her own blood. We then all left the room ; after which Mrs. Dunkley asked me to sleep with her ; which question she put again and again, but I did not answer ; for I did not like either to refuse or agree; Mallyon , the Chief Constable, and Clark, then put me up to a plan to go and sleep with her, and some one else to go as a ghost and frighten her. I went to her house and told it was getting late, and she had better go to bed: she refused, and I took a candle and went towards the room, but she stopped me in the middle room, and said " We will sleep here." I said, I wanted to go to bed, but she insisted on themid- dleroom — and she would lay close to the wall. When I found she would not go to bed; I went out, and she followed me : on which I said the moon shone bright, and everything had gone to its own proper rest, but her poor dear husband, and he was lifeless somewhere, and for God's sake, if she knew anything about him, to tell. I told her our Saviour had promised, by true repentance, if our deeds were ever so evil, they would be forgiven. I told her they were going to put Beech in gaol, and would tell him that she had confessed, and that then he would tell all about it, and she would be hanged. I told her, for God's sake, to discharge her conscience, as murder was never hid, neither in this world or the next. She said if she told, they would hang her; but I told her no, she would be King's evidence. She then said she would tell all about it ; but I got frightened then, and said I would send some one else to her. I then sent the chief con- stable (Mallyon) to her, and she showed him the mark on the wall where the blood had been washed off by Beech ; themarksof pipe-clay on the head of the bed ; the ground under the bed where the blood had been scraped away , as if with a knife, the floor being earthen ; the blood on the curtain at the top of the bed, which had spurted out from the wound, and which Beech had attempted to wash out; and the axe (with which Beech had struck her husband three times), with the marks of . blood still on it. She also told Mallyon that Beech had cut up the stirrup leathers, had thrown the spurs in a water hole, had planted the saddle, and had taken the horse to the bush and tied him up with a piece of green hide rope, to prevent it from being discovered that her husband was not at Goulburn by means of the horse. She was then taken to Yass by Mallyon, and on the way there she said Beech had put her husband's body in a sack and thrown him on the floor, saying, ''There he is for you now : I have earned you dearly, and may face the gallows for you." She added, that Beech had threatened her with the same fate if she would not assist and hold the chamber utensil to catch the blood. I was at the inquest, and knew the body to be that of Mr. Dunkley! no one who knew him alive could doubt it. The prisoners were not present at the inquest. After the body had been washed and laid out by me, Hunt, the Chief Constable, asked Beech if that was the body of Dunk- ley? He answered that it might be. He then asked Beech to touch the body, but he refused ; and Hu told hin he had a good mind to throw him on it. Mrs Dunkley knew the body of her husband, and asked him to speak if ever she hurt him, and she cried very much. The prisoners being informed that they were at liberty to ask any questions they thought proper, the female prisoner poured a torrent of abuse on the witness, and made an attempt at cross-exami- nation, in which however, there was more violence than ingenuity; the following may be given as specimens ; "Your soul is between hell and heaven." " That woman wouldhang Jesus Christ, let alone me." " Don't appeal to God, he has nothing to do with you— the-devil has got your soul this day body and bones" "I never murdered in my life, but if I could get at you, I would do it this blessed moment." The conduct of the female prisoner was altogether most hardened, depraved, and extraordinary ; for, although on her trial for life; she had the indecency, while standing in that awful situation, with her partner in guilt by her side, and the axe with which the deed was done, with the bloody garments of their victim, and the bed he lay on, spread out before her eyes, to laugh outright when allusions were made by the above and subsequent witnesses to their guilty familiari- ties. The conduct of the male prisoner was not marked by so much levity, although he distinctly smiled several times on similar allusions being made, and his whole demeanour showed great in- difference to the result. After hearing further evidence all corroborative of the above, the court adjourned at nine o'clock, the jury being accommodated with apartments in the court house, and the case was to be resumed next day. 