LONDON POLICE The Jealous Wife. — On Tursday, Mrs. Re becca Thomas, the wife of a carpenter, appeared before the magistrate, on a warrant, charging her with assaulting Elizabeth Smyrke, the wife of a shell-polisher. The complainant, a well- dressed and good-looking female, with an infant in her arms, stated that on tho previous day, she, her husband, brother, and sister-in-law were reluming home, after getting the " blessed baby," then in her arms, registered, when Mrs. Thomas pounced upon her, tore licr cap lrom her head, and her dress from her back, struck her several violent blows, and rolled her in the mud, so that she was obliged to send home for a change of tilings before she could leave the public-house to which her friends had carried her. The witness added, that, not content with striking her with her fists, and tearing her almost to pieces with licr claws, Mrs. Thomas used a gin- bottle, which she had in licr hand, with great dexterity, and struck her (complainant) several blows with it. The complainant here exhibited before the bench the fragments of her cap and dress. Magistrate. — What was the cause of defendant's attack ? Did you give her any provocation ? Mrs. Smyrke. — Not at all, sir. I know of no other provocation than that I used to be an intimate ac quaintance of hers; but, my husband, not thinking, her a fit companion for me, forbid my holding any ac quaintance with her, : i. ; The sister-in-law of the complainant was called, and corroborated her evidence as to the defendant's attack upon her. Magistrate. — (To the defendant.) — Well, Mrs. Thomas, what have you got to say to this violent as sault, sworn to by the complainant and her witness ? ; . Mrs. Thomas (whose appearance and dress formed a striking contrast to that of Mrs. Smyrke.) — Why, sir, in the first place, the greater part of what they have, sworn to is not true ; and, in fact; 'tis I that am a seriously injured person, and have suffered a life of the greatest wretchedness through this woman. I am sorry to say, that for some time past, Mrs. Smyrke has been keeping up. an improper intercourse with my husband, and through her doing so has brought endless misery upon me. Mas, Smyrke.— Oh, Mrs Thomas, how can you say so ? Mrs. Thomas.— -Why, you know you can't deny it, you good for nothing creature. Have I not sufficient proof of it ? Wlijq your worship, I actually caught them in bed together, and on Mrs. Smyrke seeing 1110, so unexpectedly, no ciouut, sue says, un, guou vjuu : is that you, Mrs. Thomas, or your ghost ?" (laughter,) and 1 replies, " It's . me, you bare- faced hussy; this is 'the way you have been destroying my hapinness for many a day, and taking from 1110 the affections of a kind husband." On Saturday last, the day they have been speaking of, I had been to a public-house to fetch half apint of gin, and 011 my return I hears iny hus band call out to Mrs. Smyrke and say, " How do you do, iny dear ?" and she replied, " Very well, my dear, I lliank you ;" so I asked her if she had not already sufficiently destroyed my happiness, and that she ought to be ashamed of herself to conduct herself so in my presence, as well as that of her own husband. Upon my saying this, she threw off her clothes to fight me, and her husband offered to back her, and any. bloivs I may have hit lier, were given in my .own defence. Magistrate. — Have you any witnesses to prove that you had been struck first- ? Mrs. Thomas. — Only my husband, sir. Magistrate. — I cannot examine your husband, but if you had a witness to prove that you had been struck first, it would make a material difference : in the case in your favour. Magistrate (to Mrs. Smyrke.) — You have heard what the defendant has stated; is 'it . true that you struck her first ? . Mrs. Smyrke. — Not at all, sir. Magistrate. — I have asked you the cause for this assault, and you positively swore you knew of none, except the discontinuance of your acquaintance. It now appears that the cause was one of excited feelings produced by jcalorisj', whether well or ill founded it is not for ine to say, but it is very odd you could not tell me the cause when 1 asked you. Mrs. Smyrke. — Slio lias no occasion to bo jealous of me ; I have got a husbaud of my own, and nothing to do with hers. Magistrate. — Then, is it true or not, that you spoke to the husband of tho defendant 011 Saturday morning ? Mrs., Smyrke. — Why, yes, it is true. Mr. Thomas bade me good morning, and I merely nodded my head in return. Mrs. Thomas. — Yes, nodded your head, did you ? Mrs. Symrke.— And as to finding me in bed with Mr. Thomas, it was no such thing. Ho merely came into my room while I was in bed, and his wife, follow ing liim, accused him of being in 'bed with me. Mrs. TiiomaS.— A very pretty story that! You know very well lie was in bed with you, and you can't deny it if you speak the truth; and you know also, that you have frequently kept liim : away from me. Magistrate.— Well, I sec there lias been some ground for the defendant's jealousj'. Had there not been any, I should liavo felt it my duty to havo visited her conduct with a heavy penalty. The defendant here called a witness, who said she saw the complainant strike licr ; and added, that it was the general rumour in the neighbourhood for some considerable time, that Mrs. Symrke was more inti mate with Mr. Thomas than it was prudent for a mar ried woman to be with the husband of another The magistrate terminated the case by ordering the husband of each to be bound over for tlieir peaceable behaviour for three months. 