NARRATIVE OF THE PRETENDED RAISING OF A SPIRIT. While the last sheet of the foregoing work (says Professor Finke) was in the press, I received the following account of the pretended raising of a spirit, with a wish expressed that it might be appended to my book. I have no objection to do this, as the narrator has added a very probable explanation of the whole process, which may be of use to many of my readers. A man of consequence, with whom I had a considerable intimacy, was a believer in the possibility of raising spirits, on which head I was decidedly incredulous. He had often tried to make a convert of me : his arguments were chiefly to this effect— that there is much in our experience which is altogether incomprehensible, and to which we cannot refuse our testimony, nevertheless, merely because we are un- able to explain it, or because the relation of it appears to us incredible. He quoted instances of Swedenborg, Schopfer, and many others, which I denied or laughed at. He pitied me, till, at length induced, he was pleased to say, by my general good sense and tried integrity, he exclaimed with Petronius—" Adolescens quoniam sermonem habes non publici saporis et quod rarissimum est amas bonam mentem, nonfraudabo to arte secreta." " I intend," added my friend, " to take you to a Rabbi just arrived from England, who has intercourse with celestial beings, and nothing to do with the devil, and who has several times brought me into the company of these inhabitants of heaven." My friend had seen these spirits. They had appeared and disappeared in the same supernatural manner. He had conversed with them too, but, as only Hebrew was spoken in heaven, the ghost-seer was also the interpreter. I dared not attempt to reply, except by submissively offering myself as a partaker of such a piece of good fortune, and my request was acceded to. My friend took me to the Rabbi, in whom even Lavater would have acknow- ledged the physiognomy of a patriarch, and, from his honest open countenance, his dry indifference, and his quiet retiring manner, I should have judged him to be either an enthusiast or a mystic. Thus much I observed, that did not particularly please the ghost-seer; but I presumed he had certain obligations to my conductor, for he suffered himself to be persuaded to show me the book of his art. It was a bulky folio volume, neatly and laboriously written on vellum, with printed representations of spirits to be invoked by the processes written underneath them. I was not to read much, as it troubled the spirits; but I remarked that, besides a variety of characters, mostly written in Roman letters, whole leaves contained nothing but double columus of names ; that the spirits represented were partly men with beards, partly children; that they all wore white robes or shirts; and almost all were red in the faces, arms, and feet. Exclusive of this, there was nothing particular in the book, except a metal ring on each upper corner of the binding. The ghost-seer was now to name a day for the experiment, and I was to be at liberty to choose which spirit I would see. As 1 delayed making a choice, the Rabbi gave into my own hands the book to open, and the spirit on the leaf I pointed out should appear. All this seemed to be done without constraint or artifice. Seven days were required for preparation, by prayer, abstinence, and other mortifications, and on the seventh day we were to fast entirely. During this period my friend watched me narrowly whenever I was in his sight, and I had all the trouble in the world to preserve my gravity at this buffoonery, for we visited the Rabbi everyday, and it would have certainly been much better for my projected discovery, if I had shown more credulity and ready compliance. The whole day before the operation I passed at my friend's house, fasted as pre- scribed, and pledged my word to remain quiet during the process; not to touch anything, or to speak ; in fact, to do no- thing but what the ghost-seer should desire. All representations on this matter were useless, though I told my friend that, by severe and close scrutiny, either his be- lief would be confirmed, or the imposture might be detected. In both cases the gain would be his. By this, however, I had nearly spoiled the game ; he was impenetrable, and I can only attribute his conduct to the fear of some threatened evil. In the evening of the important day we repaired to a remote house which I had never seen before. My friend told me, with great seriousness, that much depended on the situation of the apartment, and that, therefore, a room in the house had been hired, as particularly appropriate. All the preparations were made with the greatest possible silence and solemnity. No other person was present. The ghost - seer was dressed in a robe of black da- mask, with a coarse white cloth over his shoulders, and received us at the door with the manner of a person who is usher- ing a friend to the room of a sick and sleep- ing patient—very softly, with a significant countenance, and a low murmur, as if he prayed inwardly. In the anteroom we were directed to put off all metal, and again enjoined to be obedient and quiet, as the least improper conduct might c,mse the destruction of the whole house. Before the farce began, however, I was allowed a full survey of the chamber. I examined everything minutely, and cer- tainly found nothing which gave rise to the smallest suspicion of any concealed door or other deception. I inspected the conjuring book, and saw the silken cord, of which I shall presently speak, fastened in the two rings. The local circumstances of the room being the great plot of the piece, I shall refer my readers to the ac- companying sketch. An apartment, without a fire-place, from twenty-eight to thirty feet long, and scarcely half as wide, with a single door and but one window; no carpet; a white washed wall, with merely a painted skirting extending round the room a little more than three feet high; a boarded floor, and so close that no opening whatever of any kind appeared in it. Close to the wall, and opposite to the window, was a table with four feet uncovered. On this table stood a little open desk, on which the book was deposited. Close to the table was a circle drawn on parchment, and covered with various painted characters. A strip of parchment, also, covered with characters, on which the ghost-seer passed to and fro to a similar circle, near the win dow, on which we, the spectators, stood. A row of chairs crossed the space between the two circles, of which the conjurer removed the middle one in going, and replaced it in returning. A blue silk cord was fastened with small hooks to the two rings of the book, and which extended over several pullies in two parallel lines along the ceil- ing of the room to our circle, and from it hung a chain about five from the ground. The seven candlesticks with wax-tapers ranged on the floor were burning. The ghost-seer desired us to enter the circle near the window, which we did not quit till all was over. He himself kneeled before the book and began the invocations with a Hebrew recitative; he often rose and turned the leaves of the book rapidly, occasionally caught hold of the cords, turned his face to us as often as he did bo with an expression of wildness, and made other grimaces unnecessary to particu larize. After this bustle of about half-an-hour, he entered the circle nearest to the table, and remained there equally long, praying and chanting as before; he then turned to us, opened the partition between us by removing a chair, and came into our circle; he then made us kneel with our faces to the window, seized the chair with a strong pull, and, giving it into our hands, desired us to hold it fast, which he also did. Having prayed again for some minutes, he laid his hands on our heads, knelt with his face to ours, and, during the prayer, kept his left hand on my right ear, and his right on my companion's left ear, pressing our heads together, but not so as to obstruct the free use of my right eye, with with I could see both door and window distinctly. After a short pause, he took the chain from our hands, and ordered us to rise. We now distinctly heard a soft rustling behind us, smelt an agreeable odour, and heard a few clear bell-like sounds, similar to those of a repeater. 1 confess, that, at this mo- ment, I was a little frightened; I had observed the door and window attentively —no other possible opening did there seem to be, and this tedious trick had just given rise to the fancy, that nothing would come of the whole matter, but that the conjurer would excuse himself by the ill humour or occupation of the spirit inten- ded to be summoned. I now perceived at once evidences of a fourth living being in the room with us, and I started. The ghost-seer noticed me earnestly, and, that I might not recover my surprise, ad- dressed the spirit from our circle, and it answered. The answer soon restored my self-pos- session, for I could clearly distinguish that the spirit spoke a mixture of bad He- brew and indifferent German. I regained my confidence, and should certainly have turned and taken the ghost by the collar, had not my previous promise and my cu- riosity to see the end withheld me. We now looked round. Tthe ghost-seer went into the circle near the spirit, which stood before him between that circle and the table. The figure was perfectly that which I had chosen from the book, namely, a boy about 13, with a long white, and, as I fancied, perfumed shirt or robe, his hands and face red, perhaps coloured wtth some powder. The conversation of the spirit and the conjurer, as far as I can judge, was a Jewish chaunt, sung by them alternately, in which, no doubt, the ghost seer gave the apparition instructions for its behaviour, since the discourse grew earnest, and the spirit began to stamp with its feet, as if intending to pass the circle. The ghost-seer, at this moment, rushed frightened into our circle, and in treated us to go out for a moment, that we should then be permitted to re-entor and ask questions of the spirit. My col- league, although he had been present at several of these appearances, perspired most grievously, and dragged me out at the door, which the ghost-seer closed after us. I, however, broke from the hold of my friend and re-entered the chamber in- stantly, but all was in perfect order, the spirit gone, and the ghost-seer in the act of extinguishing the tapers. He said that the spirit had vanished in anger with me, and refused to re-appear, because I had neglected to keep the seven days' obser- vances, and harboured evil thoughts to- wards him in my heart. My friend, who most unquestionably was no party to any connivance with the ghost-seer, was very angry with me on the occasion, and, to this hour, my explana tion of the whole will not at all convince him. He still meets me with coolness, and will not follow my advice to examine this matter as a reasonable man ought to do. I made many inquiries after the ghost- seer. He was not known as a Rabbi, but as a private gentleman, of good character, just arrived from England, living on his fortune. I afterwards saw, in another quarter, a boy who appeared to me the same lad who personated the spirit. I could not, however, find an opportunity of speaking to him alone, and my further inquiries were put a stop to by my departure from the place of action. [The ingenious explanation of the pro- bable manner in which this trick was per formed, will be given in our next.] 