THE PAPAL CLAIM TO JURISDICTION CONSIDERED. A Second Lecture delivered before the Church of England Book Society, on Wednesday evening last, by the Rev. R. Allwood, B. A., Minister of St. James's Church, Sydney. The subject for our consideration this evening, the doctrine of the Universal Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Rome, as Supieme Ruler of the Church of God on earth, is no light or trifling point of dispute, it lies at the very root of the Papal system; on it is built up the whole faith and practice of the Church of Rome. "Upon this one point," as Bellarmine says, De Roman. Pontiff, " the very sum and sub- stance of Christianity depends." Whether, therefore, this claim be true or false, is of the utmost moment to our brethren of the Church of Rome, no less than to ourselves. We assert that no such prerogative or pri- vilege can be proved to belong to the Bishop of Rome, either by virtue of any supposed succession or derivation from St Peter, the first of the Apostles, or by the authority, direct or indirect, of Holy Scripture, or of the tes timony of the early Fathers, or by the decrees of any general Council lawlully assembled 1\. That St Peter was, in a certain sense, the first of the Apostles, we may readily con- cede. His great zeal and love for his Lord, his many and great labours, and our Lord's distinguishing him above the other Apostles on several occasions, will sufficiently account for his being generally placed first. Thus Cyril, of Jerusalem, styles him "the most leading and foremost of the Apostles, and again, "the foremost of the Apostles, and the leading preacher of the Church.: Cat 11 s. 3. By others of the Fathers, this priority is at- tributed to him on account of his age, he be- ing the eldest of the Apostles "Why," says Jerome, " was not John elected? It was de ferred to age, because Peter was elder, that a youth, and almost a boy, might not be pre- ferred before men of good are." - In Jovin, i.14. Some suppose flint that he was the first be- cause he first believed. "He first believed," says Hilary, "and is the prince of the apostle- ship." Hil. in Matt cap 7. Others, that it was in conséquence of his public confession. Be this as it may, it seems very probable, from the voice of antiquity, that he had a personal pre-eminence of honour among the Apostles so far we are very ready to concede. But, that this priority carried it with any official supremacy, or right of jurisdiction over the other Apostles, we utterly deny. And I proceed to offer a few arguments in disproof of this pretended light, both from Scripture and from the voice of Catholic antiquity. According to Scripture, the Apostles were all equal and supreme m authority. Our Lord said to all, collectively and individually, "Whosoever shall not hear you, nor receive you, it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrah in the Day of Judg- ment." He said to all of them, "As my Father hath sent me even so send I you." To all he said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost: whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them, and whosoever sins ye retain, they are returned." From these and other passages we argue, that the Apostles were invested with equal and supreme authority in the Church. Our Lord's words were addressed to all, no dis- tinction was made, to all were given the same apostolical authority, they were all endowed by our blessed Lord with the fulness of power of which mortal men were capable, equal in mission, equal in commission, equal in honour, equal in power. No single Apostle had jurisdiction over the rest- equals have no power over each other. Was St Peter an ambassador of Christ, so were they all; were the keys of the kingdom of Heaven com- mitted unto him, so were they committed unto all to all, alike, were given the privi- lege of bringing men into the Church, by exhortation, by persuasion, by ministration of the Word and sacraments, to all, alike, was granted the power of rejection and excluding the scandalous and profane. "They were all in common intrusted with the whole world, and had the care of all nations." St Chrys. This great truth St Peter himself seems cleaily to have understood for never do we find him exercising, or claiming the right to exercise, jurisdiction over his brother Apos- tles: he knew that to all in union forming the apostolical college belonged the ordering and supreme direction of all ecclesiastical matters. Whether a new apostle was to be chosen to fill the place of the apostolate, or the office of the deacon was to be instituted or fit persons were to be delegated for the ordering of the Church, as Peter and John, Judas and Silas-or questions to be decided respecting the Gentile converts-or informa- tions of great moment to be heard, as that preferred by St Paul against St Peter him- self-- still we find the supreme authority vested in the college of the Apostles. We find St Peter on all occasions prominently coming forward to declare the great message with which he was commissioned, but in no one instance asserting or exercising any supe- rior power. On the contrary, we find him sometimes acting under the directions of the others. So, when the conversion of the Sa- maritans through the ministry of St Philip was made known to the Apostles who were in Jerusalem, they sent to them Peter and John, so far from assuming any authority over his brethren on this occasion, we find him ready to obey their directions. Again, when Peter returned from the conversion and baptism of Cornelius and was come up to Jerusalem, they who were of the circumcision, in their ignorance of Gods merciful intentions to- wards the Gentiles, " disputed against him;" and Peter, in his explanation of his con- duct on the occasion concludes by saying "What was I, that I could oppose God?" Neither he nor his accusers seem to have had my notion of his superior dignity, as bearing the person of Christ upon earth, and being the chief ruler and governor, to whom, in the gift of the keys, the fulness of power was granted. Again, we read (Acts, xv.) that the Apostles and elders came together to consider the question, whether the Gentile converts should be bound by the ceremonial law commonly called the first apostolic Council; but here the place of St Peter appears strangely inconsistent with the authority claimed for him by the Bishop of Rome: for he neither appears to have summoned the Council nor to have presided in it-nor to have opened its proceedings -nor to have performed any subsequent act of formal approbation. The Apostles and elders came together (James, the Bishop of Jerusalem, presiding), and "when there was much dis- puting Peter rose up and spoke, after he had concluded, Barnabas and Paul related what great miracles and wonders God had wrought among the Gentiles by them and after they had spoken, James answered, say- ing, " Men and brethren, hearken unto me, Simon hath told in what manner God first visited the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name and to this agree the words of the prophets. Wherefore," he goes on to say, "my sentence is" — that is (accord- ing to St Chrys. Com. on this passage), I authoritatively say — "that we trouble not them which from among the Gentiles are turned to God." Then "it pleased the Apostles and elders, with the whole Church, to choose men of their own company and to send them to Antioch with Paul and Barna- bas — writing by their hand, The Apostles and elders, to the brethren of the Gentiles, greeting." — Acts, xv. Now in all this, where is the least appear- ance of Peters supremacy? What is there that can possibly bear out the assertion that the rest of the Apostles were Peter's sheep and he their head and pastor? What is there that looks like St Peter "holding the place of the Redeemer himself upon earth, and bearing the supreme authority over all?" And surely, any one who will candidly ex- amine the Epistle of St Paul to the Church at Galatia, must at once see how totally op- posed it is to any such supposed supremacy of St Peter. We find this great Apostle exercising his apostleship for three years without conferring at all with the other apostles; then coming to Jerusalem to see Peter, of whom he speaks without any note of distinction then fourteen years, after, visiting Jerusalem again, mentioning those who seemed to be something with an express denial that they "added" anything to him, and plainly declaring that the ministry of the Gentiles was committed to him, as that of the Jewish converts was to St Peter then speak- ing of Peter, and James, and John, as pillars, but not even having the first place to St. Peter, but to St James then taxing St Peter before the whole Church with incon- sistency, and withstanding him to his face, and openly rebuking him for his dissimulation, expressly declaring that St Peter feared them of the circumcision. I would ask whether St Paul, he, who when he had spoken intemperately to the Jewish High Priest, and was reminded of his station, apologised for his intemperance in his igno- rance that "he was the High Priest", and because a High Priest, although in error, and a persecutor still a ruler of the people — and, therefore, not to be spoken evil of by a Chris- tian man. Is it possible, I would ask, that St. Paul knew, when he was writing this epistle to the Galatians, that he whom he thus had op- posed was the ruler and governor of the whole Church, to whom the Church to which he was writing was bound to pay obedience, as representing the person of Christ himself upon earth, and exercising the authority, not of a mere man, but of the true God? If we be- lieve that St Paul was an inspired Apostle, and knew the mind of Christ, his testimony must be decisive against the claim of St. Peter's supremacy. The same conclusion, that St. Peter had no supremacy over the other Apostles, but that all were equal in office and rank, may be shown by the writings of the Fathers Thus Tertullian, in his account of the Es- tablishment of the Church, says, that our blessed Lord, about to return to his Father after his resurrection, ordered the eleven to go and teach the nations, baptizing them in the Father, and in the Son, and in the Holy Ghost. " Immediately, therefore, the Apostles (a twelfth named Matthias bung chosen by lot in the place of Judas, having attained the power promised by the Holy Ghost, first throughout Judea bore testimony to the faith of Jesus Christ and established Churches; and thence, going out into the world, promul- gated the same doctrine of faith among the nations, and established Churches in each city; from which the other Churches thenceforward borrowed the offshoots of faith and seeds of doctrine, and daily borrow as new Churches are formed And on this account they are considered apostolical, as being the progeny of the Apostolical Church. For eery race must needs be esteemed according to its origin Therefore, though they are so many and various Churches, there is but one first from the Apostles, from which are all. Thus all are first and apostolical, for all being one, proves unity; while there is the communion of peace, and the name of brotherhood, and the pledge of hospitality, which rights are governed by no other rule than the one tradition of the same mystery." — DeProscript. Hær. ss. 20,21. So clearly and unanswerably does Tertul- lian bear testimony to the fact of the Church being founded upon the Apostles collectively, and not upon any one; and it is impossible to read this striking passage without being fully convinced that Tertullian knew nothing of the claim of St. Peter's supremacy, which was in after days to be set up, or of the juris- diction of Rome as the mother and mistress of all Churches. So Cyprian witnesses,— "The other Apostles were indeed that which Peter was, endowed with equal fellowship of honour and powers." — De Unit. Ambrose says: "When Peter heard, 'what say ye that I am?' immediately remem- bering his place, he takes the pre- cedence , the precedence indeed in con- fession, not in honour: the precedence in faith, not in order. De Incarn, c. 4 t. 2. St. Chrysostom in commenting on the Gala- tians says, "Paul further doth show himself to be equal to them in digniy, and com- pareth himself not only to the others, but even to the ringleader; showing that each did enjoy equal dignity." In Gal. ii 8, Cyril of Alexandria says, that "Peter and John were equal in honour to each other, inasmuch as they were Apostles and holy disciples." — Ep. ad Nest. We have now to consider the arguments usually alleged by our opponents to prove St. Peter's supremacy over the other Apostles, and if these arguments are to have any weight with us, they must not only be proved from Scripture, but supported by the con- curring voice of Catholic antiquity. Now the first argument which we shall notice is that remarkable passage of St. Mat- thew, where in reply to St Peter's confession of him as the Christ, our Lord thus graciously addresses him: "I say unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock will I build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not pre- vail against it; and I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, and what- soever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever thou shall loose on earth, shall be loosed in Heaven." From this it is argued that St. Peter is here represented as the rock on which the Church is built, and that the keys signify do- minion, being presented to rulers in token of obedience, and therefore that St. Peter was the head and ruler of the whole Church. Now one thing is clear, that the other Apostles had no idea that this addreess to St Peter denoted that our Lord had thereby endowed him with any supremacy or jurisdiction over them. For had they un- derstood that any such pre-eminence had been granted to him, how can we account for what we read afterwards in the Gospel, of their disputing among themselves who should be the greatest? Would the sons of Zebedee have presumed to beg for that distinction which they knew that our Lord had already assigned to Peter? And again, on the suppo- sition of any such pre-eminence among them, how can we account for our Lord s rebuke of their ambitious strivings? How can we re- concile with this claim, his injunction to them to be humble and condescending to one another? Would he not rather have said, "Why strive ye any longer after the pre- eminence? I have already appointed one to be my successor upon earth. Upon him I have founded my Church — to him I have given the keys of the kingdom of Heaven. To him and to his successors the Church is to be sulject in all ages. Cease then to contend for that which has been already bestowed, and recognize my power and my authority in him ?" Could he have discountenanced any such claim to superiority to one another in plainer terms than he then employed. "The kings of the Gentiles exercise lord- ship over them, and they that exercise autho- lity upon them are called benefactors — but ye shall not be so but he that is greatest among you let him he as the younger, and he that is chief, as he that doth serve." I proceed to offer evidence from the Fathers in proof that these passages were not inter- preted by the early Church, as asserting any such supremacy. When such a claim is set up — and a doctrine of such importance is ad- vanced, and professedly founded upon these passages we have surely a right to expect that antiquity would with unanimous voice confirm it, that the Fathers with one consent would bear testimony to if. Now 1 am bold to say, that no such claim was known to them. No such exposition held by them to be Catholic and acknowledged. The opinion of the Fathers upon the mean- ing of this passage "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church" — are very various. Some of them, such as Origten, Jerome, Augustine, and others, interpret it of the Apostles generally. Thus Origen says: "If thou thinkest that the whole Church is built by God upon Peter only, what dost thou say of John the son of thunder, and of every one of the other Apostles, or shall we dare to say that the gates of hell were not to prevail specially against St. Peter? Were they then to prevail against the other Apostles, and the faithful. Is it not plain that to all and each the assurance is made good, the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, and this also, upon this rock, I will build my Church?" -— Com. on St. Mat. Others of the Fathers understand it to mean our Lord himself. Thus, Jerome, in his Commentary on St. Matthew, says "On this rock the Lord founded his Church, from this rock the Apostle Peter obtained his name. The foundation which the Apostle as an architect laid is one — our Lord Jesus Christ; upon this foundation the Church of Christ is built." Thus St Augustine, in his Sermon on St. Peter walking on the Sea, says: "This name was given to him by the Lord, that being called Peter he should in this be a type of the Church. For as Christ is the rock, Peter is the Christian people. The rock is the principal word, — therefore it is not the rock from Peter, but Peter from the rock, just as Christ is not called from Christian, but Chris- tian from Christ. Therefore, says he, thou art Peter, and upon this rock which thou hast confessed, when thou saidst, 'Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God,' I will build my Chrch, — that is, I will build my Church upon myself, who am this Son of God. For when men would build upon man, they used to say, I am of Paul, I of Apollos, I of Cephus; and others, who would not be built upon Peter, but on the rock, said, I am of Christ." So also Theodoret, Bede, Anselm, and others understood it to mean our Lord him- self. But by far the great majority of the Fathers understand it to mean the true faith. Thus, Hilary, in controversy with the Arians, says "Peter confessed Christ to be the Son of Gd, but at this day, you, the lying priesthood of a new apostolate, cast forth Christ as being a creature from nothing. What force do you give to those glorious sayings! Confessing the Son of God, for this he was blessed. This is the revelation of the Father, this is the foundation of the Church, this is the security of eternity, — from this are the keys of the kingdom of heaven." —De Trinit., c.6. Thus, Ambrose says, that "Faith is the foundation of the Church, — for it was not said of the flesh of Peter, but of his faith, that the gates of hell should not prevail against it, but the confession overcame hell." — De Incain., c. 4. s. 34. Thus, Augustine asks, "What does this saying mean, upon this rock I will build my Church? Upon this faith, — upon that which was spoken: thou art Christ, the Son of the living God." — In Johan Evangel., c. 21. Thus Chrysostom, commenting on these very words — And I say unto thee, thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, says, "That is upon the faith of his confession." — Homil. in Matt. It were easy to multiply these quotations, and cite extracts from many other Fathers upon this point, — that by the Rock was gene- rally understood the true faith. It is most true also that many of the Fathers, many of those whom I have cited, in other passages of their writings, understand St. Peter himself as the rock , but what does this prove but that there was no certain apos- tolic tradition as to the meaning of the words, and that therefore any claim to supremacy for St. Peter based on it was unknown to them. With regard to the power of the keys, and of binding and loosing, that he conferred no superior jurisdiction on St. Peter over the other Apostles, is admitted by the learned Roman Catholic, Dupin, who states that the ancient Fathers, with an unanimous consent, teach that the keys were given to the whole Church in the person of Peter, and that it can- not be inferred from this passage of Scripture that St. Peter received anything which was not given to the other Apostles. "Are the keys of the kingdom of heaven given by the Lord to Peter alone, and shall none other of the blessed ones receive them? But if this, I will give thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, be common, how also are not all the things common which were spoken before, or are added as spoken to Peter! — Origen in Matt. 16. "What is said to Peter is said to all the Apostles," — Ambrose, in Ps. 38. " All (the Apostles) receive the keys of the kingdom of heaven." — Hier. in Jov. I. 14. The other passage, on which Roman theolo- gians chiefly rely to establish the supremacy of St. Peter, is that in which our Lord thrice said to him, "Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?" and when he replied, "Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee," added the words, "Feed my lambs, feed my sheep." They assert that, in commanding Peter to feed his Church, our Lord committed to him and his successors in the See of Rome, the pastoral care and jurisdiction over the whole Church. It is evident that our Lord was not confer- ring here a power on St. Peter, but giving an admonition. St. Chrysostom thus explains our Lord's words " If thou lovest me, pro- tect the brethren, and now show that warm affection which thou hast always manifested, and in which thou hast rejoiced." And, again, " When the disciple had answered 'Thou knowest Lord that I love thee,' and had even cited himself to witness it, the Saviour, Jesus, did not cease, but added another in- junction as an evidence of love. Nor did he desire in this merely to show how much he was loved by Peter, since this appeared by many other proofs, but he acted thus in order to teach Peter and all of us with how much love and benevolence he was affected towards his Church, so that we also might be influenced by this motive to take upon us the care and charge of the same Church, with our whole heart." — De Sacerdotio c. 2. Thus we find St Augustine declaring in his commentary upon this text, 'Feed my sheep, that which was committed to Peter, that which he was commanded to do, not Peter only, but likewise all the Apostles, heard, held, and kept. They heard these things and trans- mitted them to us, that we might hear them We feed, therefore, and are fed with you." — Sermo in Natali Apos. Petri et Pauli. Ambrose, Augustine, Chrysostom, Basil, Cyprian, Cyril of Alexandria, all bear witness that these words were intended by our Lord, not to convey any privilege or superiority, but to point out his duty, not to St. Peter only, but to all the other Apostles and pastors. As to the text, "Simon, Simon, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat; but I have prayed that thy faith fail not, and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren," it is sufficient to reply, in the words of one of their own controversialists, that from this sentence of Scripture, which the Fathers and other ecclesiastical writers expound in different senses, "no firm and true argument can he adduced for one sense to the exclusion, much less to the condemnation of others, but freedom is left to every opinion." — Tournely. And another of then writers supposes that this relates only to what was peculiar and personal to St. Peter, as it has a manifest reference to his fall and conversion. — Bailly. These passages, both from Scripture and the early Fathers, clearly show that the su- premacy of St. Peter over the other Apostles, was neither designed by our blessed Lord, nor so understood by the Apostles and early Fathers. Had such a claim then existed, it must have been known to them, and it is im- possible to reconcile the admission of such a claim with the language and conduct of St. Paul, and with the extracts which I have read to you from the Fathers. The personal pre-eminence of St. Peter among the Apostles we will not dispute. In this sense he may justly be styled the first of the Apostles — then foreman, or leader, or head, or chief, or prince, for in all these terms he is spoken of by many of the Fathers; but this proves nothing against the Scripture and the authorities which I have cited. All these passages concur in proving nothing more than what we are ready to admit. What we believe to be the truth, as gathered from Scripture and witnessed to hy Catholic anti- quity, viz.: That whether in respect of his being the oldest, or of his having been the first to confess Christ — or on account of his great love and zeal — he was the first of the Apostles — the first among his equals. But they are in vain adduced to prove any official superiority and jurisdiction over the other Apostles. Had he been endued by Christ with any such official superiouty and jurisdiction, it would have been clearly revealed — at any rate, it would never have been denied by his fellow-apostles, nor refuted by the wit- ness of the aly Church. It may perhaps he thought by some that I have occupied your time very needlessly in the consideration of this disputed point of the pre-eminence of St. Peter, but we must bear in mind, that upon this single argument the whole question is based: for if St Peter had not, by divine authority, a pre- eminence of authority, and right of jurisdiction over the other Apostles to order and regulate the affairs of the whole Church — then the claims of the Bishop of Rome as his successor to the same supremacy and right of jurisdiction, must be exploded as idle and without any foundation. The personal pre-eminence and priority of St. Peter can avail them nothing. His per- sonal and peculiar privileges arising from his love to Christ, and zealous discharge of his duties, could not pass to any of his successors. These peculiar and personal privileges were the ornament of the man. No one will pre- tend that they descended by inheritance with the office. I therefore conclude that I have clearly shown that the right of universal juris- diction cannot be proved to belong to the Bishop of Rome, either by virtue of any sup- posed succession or derivation of St. Peter. the first of the Apostles, or by the authority, direct or indirect, of Holy Scripture. I now proceed to show that this claim to supremacy cannot be supported by the testi- mony of the early Fathers. The Church of Rome, in making this claim for her Bishops, has a right to show, without the possibility of gainsaying, that his claim, as the successor of St. Peter, was universally acknowledged and submitted to in the early Church. In preferring such a title, she ought to offer proof as clear as the light, that the early Fathers and Churches held this doc- trine as one of Divine appointment: for it is no qualified claim that she puts forth. She professes to base her pretensions upon Divine authority — to reject which, is to reject the truth of Gd, and she accordingly pro- nounces that, "they are accused who refuse obedience to the Bishop pf Rome, and who deny that the Church of Rome is the Mother and Mistress of all Churches." — Creed of Pius IV. Now in regard to the assertion that the Church of Rome is the Mother of all Churches, to which our faith is demanded as necessary to salvation, it is manifestly untrue. Before the Church of Rome was founded there were other Churches. The Church of Jerusalem was the Mother Church — so it is set forth in Holy Scripture — so is it acknowledged by the early Fathers. St. Jermoe says, "The Chinch founded in Jerusalem planted all the other Churches;" and the synodical letter from the Council of Constantinople to Damascus, Bishop of Rome, and the other Western Bishops calls, "the Church of Jerusalem the Mother of all Churches." From this Mother Church, the Churches of Galilee, Judea, Samaria Syria, Cilicia, were planted before the Gtspel came to Rome, and more particularly at An- tioch, where the Disciples were first called Christians. Where then was the supremacy during this period ? 'We know that after St. Paul's conversion he went to Jerusalem, where St. Peter then was; fourteen years afterwards he again went to Jerusalem, and then St. Peter was there; afterwards he met with St. Peter at Antioch. Are we to suppose then the seat of this supreme jurisdiction was first at Jerusalem, then transferred to Antioch, and afterwards taken to Rome. That St Peter was in a proper sense Bishop of Rome, is a point which cannot fully be proved, for the Fathers are not consenting in their witness on this subject. The Church of Rome was planted by by Paul, and in the oldest list of the succession, Linus is declared to be the first Bishop, and to have been np pointed jointly by the Apostles Peter and Paul. Clement also is stated by Tertullian to have been ordained Bishop by St Peter. —- De Prœscrp. Hœr., c. 32. And Irenaeus says, "Clemens is chosen to the Episcopate, third from the Apostles." — Hœr, lib. iii. c. 1. That St. Peter aided in constituting that Church, that he exercised apostolical super- intendence over it, and that he suffered mar- tyrdom there for the truth's sake, is beyond dispute; but his having suffered there can confer no privileges upon the succeeding Bishops; and if it bethought that any supposed prerogatives of supremacy belonging to him, was to be entailed upon his successors, how can we account for it that it was not inherited by the see of Antioch, where St.Peter was many years before he went to Rome, and which, therefore, may justly prefer a primary title, if there were any truth in this assertion. Why, we naturally ask. was not the Bishop and Church of Antioch, which was St. Peter's ancient see, the inheritor of his privileges? Antioch was the first of the Gentile Churches. It is called by the Fathers of Constantinople, " the most ancient and truly Apostoical Church." — Theod. b v., c .9. There we are told that St Peter presided for seven years before he went to Rome. Why then should the Chinch of Antioch give precedence to her younger sister of Rome? Why should her first Bishop Evodius, ordained by St. Peter, give place to Clement, ordained many years after by him? We surely have a right to enquire where we are to find this explained and set forth. In which of the writings of the early Fathers, in what canon of the ancient Councils is it to be found? Again, we know that St. John outlived St. Peter many years, and we have reason to believe that this may have been the case with others of the Apostles. We ask then whether St. John and the surviving Apostles were sub- jected to the obedience of the Bishop of Rome as successor of Peter, or whether this jurisdiction by divine appointment was in abeyance during their lifetime, and to be ex- ercised only after their decease? We wish to have evidence on this point. We wish to know what ancient documents are at hand to wit- ness to it. I now proceed to show that the claims of the Bishop of Rome to universal jurisdiction were unknown to, and therefore unacknow- ledged by, the early Church. When such a claim is preferred, (I cannot too often remond you,) it ought to be put forth so clearly as to leave no doubt of its truth. We must not be satisfied with the mere probability of this being the case. It is proposed as an article of faith, as a revelation from God, and there- fore we must have evidence to convince us of its being so or we must discard it. It is not sufficient, therefore, to advance the opinions of certain Fathers in some portion of their writings, giving some occasion for it, while in other passages they assert opinions directly at variance with the claim. Such evidence, in every instance, must be looked upon as hostile to the pretension. For had they been aware of such a right — had they known that the Bishop of Rome was divinely appointed to be the supreme ruler and judge of the Church, and that all other Churches were to be subject to Rome, we should find this great truth clearly asserted in the writings of the apostolical Fathers, and we should find their writers appealing to it in their rule of faith against heresies. We should find it in their canons and constitutions styled apostolical. We should find them resorting to the judge in every case of difficulty — we should find their dependence upon him maintained as an established truth, but we should never find them expressing doubtful and disparaging sentiments upon the claim, we should never find them bringing forth arguments which could not be reconciled with it, still less should we find them maintaining and assert ing opinions directly opposed to, and in utter annihilation of it. Having shewn that the Holy Scriptures afford no just argument in favour of this claim:— Let us now consider the earliest authentic records which we have after them. These are the writings of the apostolic Fathers. These have a very strong claim to our atten- tion and regard. Living at the some time, and conversant with the Apostle«, their teach- ing must have been vividly impressed upon them and the sentiments which they uttered on questions which in after ages have become fruitful subjects of controversy, are entitled to our highest regard. We here learn the doc- trines which were thought as essential and the truths respecting ecclesiastical order and unity which had been determined by the Apostles. Now it is peculiarly fortunate that among the few remains of the writings (perhaps the only one) of the first century, we should have the Apostolical Epistle of Clement, Bishop of Rome, believed by the general testimony of ecclesiastical historians to have been the same whom St Paul mentions as his fellow la- bourer, whose name is written in the book of life. The Church of Corinth it appears had been distracted with seditions. they had schis- matically deposed their Bishops mid Ministers, and by vain strivings and envy of those who were set over them, had fallen into all manner of disorder. Here there was an excellent opportunity to Clement, if he were indeed endowed with that pre-eminence claimed for him, to condemn and reprobate their conduct, as sinning against his authority, who alone had power to judge and to depose. Here he would have been called upon to vindicate his insulted jurisdiction by recalling to those Co- rinthians the duty which they owed not only to their own pastors, but to him their chief pastor. But now, let us see how this sovereign and supreme ruler commences his address to the refractory Church: "The Church of God which is at Rome, to the Church of God which is at Corinth, called, sanctified by the will of God, thruough our Lord Jesus Christ, grace to you, and peace be multiplied. He goes on to contrast their previous Christian discipline with their present dis- order and schism, and shows what evils have been produced by envy. He assures them how sensible he is, that he himself re- quires to be reminded of these truths. He notices the gradations of rank in an army and the members of the body, which all con- spire to promote the general good, as ex- amples of the order which ought to prevail in the Church. He shows that the order of times and seasons in religious offices, as well as the various gradations of the priesthood, are appointed hy God, and that the suc- cessors of the Apostles were ordained by them, after they had been proved by the Spirit. He explains more at large, the which the Apostles took, that chosen and approved men should constantly succeed m their minis- try. For, he says, the Apostles knew by our Lord Jesus Christ, that contentions would arise on account of the ministry, and there- fore, having a perfect foreknowledge of this, they appointed persons, as we have before said, and then gave a direction in what an- ner, when they should die, other chosen and approved men should succeed m their minis- try. He exhorts them to take into their hands the epistle of the blessed Paul the Apostle, and to reflect upon what he had, by the Spirit, admonished them concerning then forming parties, and creating divisions, but professing some to follow himself, Paul, some Peter, and some Apollos. He exhorts them to unity, sets forth the blessing and perfec- tion of charity — urges those who have trans- gressed to pray for forgiveness — to pray for the repentance and restoration of those who have fallen into sin, and to submit themselves unto their elders, and concludes with a prayer for their faith, and patience, and holiness. I have dwelt some little time upon the epistle of this apostolical Father, because not only is it most satisfactory to us in showing the state of the early Christian Church, and the spirit which characterised a primitive Christian Bishop of Rome, but in the hope that it may interest many of you to read it for yourselves I have only to add, that, if the alleged supremacy of the Bishop of Rome had been true, Clement, ordained by St. Peter, himself the inheritor of his powers and privileges, could not have been ignorant of it; and it must be to every member of the Church of Rome, who believes in this transmitted authority, a subject of amazement that this Bishop did not immediately exercise such authority for the suppression of these divi- sions; it must, indeed be subject of amaze- ment, that, in setting forth the succession of the orders of the priesthood, no mention should have been made of the Chief Ruler, no claim put in for the rights of the Mother and Mistress of all Churches. Another apostolical Father to which I shall refer is Ignatius. His Epistle are amongst the most valuable documents of the early Church, and were written to repress the here- tical opinions which were then springing up in the Church, and to confirm the Churche whom he addressed, in the faith delivered by the Apostles. Now, we surely might expect that this Father, writing so strongly as he does on these subjects, would not have failed to call the attention of all to the Great Judge of controversy — to have reminded them of that Church which was never to fall from the truth; and that Bishop, who, inheriting St. Peter's power, was to decide in these mat- ters. But not one word is mentioned of any such authority. He speaks particularly of the the evils of schism, and the great disorers arising from the pride and self-will of in- viduals; and in the strongest terms urges obedience to the bishops, presbyters, and deacons, as successors of the Apostles; but there is not the faintest intimation of his ever having heard of a Supreme Head. Not one word about any Bishop of bishops, as Supreme Head of the Church on earth. He writes an epistle to the Church at Rome "to the Church which presides in the place of the region of the Romans, and speaks of their holiness and pre- eminence in charity, and ad- monishes them against envy, and to be firm unto the end in the patience of Jesus Christ. But so far is he from giving witness to the succession of St. Peter, and the chief Pastor of the Christian world, that there is not one allusion to him in the whole epistle, and we are almost led to suspect, that, from not pos- sessing so much acquaintance with that Church as with those of the East, he was, perhaps, ig- norant of the very name of her Bishop. Another of the holy Fathers is Polycarp, the pupil of St. John, and Bishop of Smyrna, and probably the angel of the Church in Smyrna, addressed in the Revelations. Now, surely from such a witness as this, conversant with the Apostles, and receiving instruction from the beloved Disciple of the state and prospects of the early Church, we might have expected some notice of the exalted rank of Him who was in the place of Christ, to rule and govern his people. He addresses a letter to the Church at Philippi, in which he reminds them of the teaching of the Apostle Paul among them, and of the epistle which he had written to them. He speaks of Ignatius, the holy Apostle of Antioch, and the epistle which he had written to them, with great approbation. He exhorts them to be subject to then presbyters and deacons. He exhorts them to pray for all the saints, to pray also for kings and authorities, and princes, but he gives not the slightest in- timation to pray for the Supreme Head of the Church — not one single injunction to render obedience to Him, who, as Vicar of Christ, exercises jurisdiction over all Christian people Again, in the account of the Martyrdom of Ignatius, which look place at Rome, in the very heart of this Mother and Mistress of all Churches, we find that on his journey thither, he landed at Smyrna, where he was met and saluted by the bishops, priests, and deacons, of the several Churches of Asia, and when arrived at Rome, was met by the brethren, whom he saluted, and kneeling down with them, prayed to the Lord for the Church, and was then thrown to the wild beasts m the Am- phitheatre. We have particular mention made of the emperor under whom he suffered, and the consuls who were in office at the time, but not one allusion made to the bishop of the city. So also in the Circular Letter of the Church of Smyrna, concerning the martyrdom of Polycarp, of whom they write, that having received the crown of immortality, having together with the Apostles and all other righteous men, glorifies God, and blesses Lord, the shepherd of the Catholic Church throughout the world. Not one single allusion is made to Rome or to her Bishop, excepting only so far as it is included in the general address with which it commences. "The Church of God, which is at Smyrna, to the Church of God which is at Philadelphia, and to all the other assemblies of the holy and Catholic Church in every place," — and, in the conclusion, when it is directed, "— and, in therefore ye have read this epistle, send it also to the brethren that are more remote, that they also may glorify God, who makes such choice of his own servants, and is able to bring us all, by his grace and help, to His eternal kingdom, through His only be- goten son Jesus Christ." Now, I would put it to any candid person, whether, if the Bishop and Church of Rome were then exalted, as we are told they were, the conduct of these holy Fathers, and of these Churches, is not most incomprehensible; imagine any Bishop at the present day writing an epistle to the Church at Rome, exhorting and encouraging the people to stand fast in the faith which had been once for all deli- vered, and making no mention of the Sove- reign Pontiff; imagine any holy Bishop sent to Rome for martyrdom, people coming out to meet him, his blessing and exhorting them (a report drawn up setting forth his suffering and reception by the faithful at Rome) and yet making no mention of the Pope. Now what is the unavoidable conclusion at which we arrive? Why that the primitive Bishop of Rome, and the present Pontiff and Vicar of Christ, hove nothing in common but a name, and that the claims now put forth, were unknown to those single-hearted ser- vants of the Lord. I propose now to consider the evidence that is offered on the subject of the papal supre- macy by the apostolical canons and constitu- tions. Though called apostolical, they are not allowed to have been written by the Apostles, but being of very early date, are of great authority, and set forth a complete body of ecclesiastical doctrine, and government, and worship. Documents like these entering so fully into the constitution of the early Church and describing so particularly its officers, and laws and customs, must surely bear witness to this great doctrine, but strange to say, they do not furnish the slightest warrant for this claim of universal jurisdiction. They speak minutely of the ranks and privileges of all ecclesiastical persons, but nothing of the universal head. They treat of the office of the bishop, the priest, the deacon, but not one word of Peter's supremacy, or of the pre- tended prerogatives of the Roman Bishop. The constitutions are rich in doctrine and devo- tion, and curious in points of ceremonial detail; but no trace can be found of the primacy of St. Peter, of the authority derived by the Bishop of Rome hy succession from him, or of the dignity of the Church of Rome as the Mother and Mistress of all Churches. The 33rd canon enjoins. "It is necessary that the bishops of each nation should know him who is first among them, and esteem him as their head; and that they should do nothing of difficulty or of great moment, without his opinion :and each of them should take heed to do those things which belong to his own diocese, and to the villages which are under his authority. But neither should the pri- mate do anything without the opinion of all. For thus shall concord continue, and Gpd will be glorified through Jesus Christ our Lord." Here, therefore, is the assertion of the rights of the national Primate and Me- tropolitan, but not one word of obedience to the supposed Chief Ruler, the Bishop of Rome. And again, the 36th canon directs, that " twice in the year a Council of Bishops shall assemble and examine amongst them- selves the decrees of religion, and settle all the ecclesiastical controversies that may oc- cur;" thus deciding all religious questions among themselves, without any mention of an appeal to the Pope. Again, in the constitutions, the perfect equality in the episcopal office, and right of jurisdiction, is declared,— "To you Bishop, it is said, whatsoever ye shall bind on earth, shall be bound hi heaven, and whatsoever you shall loose on earth, shall be loosed in heaven." Where we have the very language which our blessed Lord addressed to St. Petr, applied to all Christian Bishops with- out distinction or difference. Again, in the prayers prescribed for the Church, and for all the governors of it, the people are taught to pray not only each for his own Bishop, but each for all. And the Bishops of the principal Churches being mentioned hy name, the priority is not even "«ed to the B.*linp of Rome, but his place ionics between the Bishop of Jeiusolem and the Bishop ol Antioch "Let us pray for the whole rpiscoi ate i ""derheaven, rightly dividing lim word of ' ruth, mid let us pra) for out Bishop James , ", 1 his p n i hes, foi oin Ill-hop Ck ...eut and luiiiiislies, for our I) shjp Lvodiusand his «JriLlics - Conit 8 10 1 lu the absence then of nny, the most dis h"t illusion to the privilège« and pieioga ii cs aftei wards elnuned by the Bishop of , Home, and ni the clear¡and decided expies «iii of the independence of the dillerent < ntiotnl Chinche-, the lawful juiisdietion of their bVhopV-their ficcdom liom the con- trol of au) i ai ti I) powcr.-nnd the respmi sibilltv t" then onl\ bupierne Head, the Hush Pnc't and Ponlifl, and Bishop ol "1 Wo mo wauniitcdni the conclusion that at llio turn those canons and consti- tutions weic framed, the emly Churches hid not been bl ought undei subjection to Home and knew nothing of the obedience lint «as to he pud to bei as Hie Mother and Mistress of nil Chinches,-noi of the pie tensions ofhei Bishop to be the Supieme and Uinv ci sal Judge In my lecture on Wcdnesdn) next, I pro- mue to consider the tc-tnnoincs of the emly 1 ailiers, Iren su», Origen, Tcrlulhin, und Cuntan, m so fin as the) bear evidence in favour of, or hostile to, the pietcnsioiis of the liiihop of Ron e Si ri\c Ci Assrs -'I he class established hy Missr-, folmson and Marsh, on the pimciple vhicli is ni ti lcling so much altenliun in Lindon, will meet, for the first time, at the School of Aits, this evening 'lho Icims ore somodinlc, that it is only by a munciuus ¡iltondaice, that the conductors can receive /untiling ni the shape of emolument foi tin« liihniu «Inch they must bestow upon the "iiilcrtal nur llio) 1 ave commenced. Anviv, -Hie SSlh Regiment, Culonel ruth, ii under orders for embnikation to Now S nilli Wales, and will come out m detach- ments so soon ns tile whole of the 99th Regi- ment lias nu n ed IlunnuMN i II vu -Hie oidertoaltei the dite of the Sheriff 's sole of Buidekin t> Hall C1niet olde to he attended to in the pmpei place It will toko place on llunsdii), the IStli instant 