OCCUPATION OF TÄHITI BY THE FRENCH A fleeting was held on Wednesday, 12th ,April,'in the great room, at .Exeter hall, Lon- don, for the purpose of adopting measures urgently required by the recent aggression of the .French on Tahiti, and for securing the general- interests of trie British missions in the islands of the South Pacific. The meeting was not so numerously attended as had been antici- pated', although the hall was about two thirds .full.. ' Mr. Charles "Hindtey. M.P., took the chair, in the absence of the Earl of Roden, who had 'been announced, but who had been detained in 'Páris by a severe domestic áffliction. After a psalm had been sung, and the Rev. J. Beechan had offered np a prayer, The Chairman came forward, and having .expressed his regret ut the absence of the noble lord who was to have presided, said, as soon as he (Mr. Hindley) bad consented to take the chair, he had endeavoured to possess himself of the facts connected with the subject which had brought'them together, feeling that it waa due to them tbat he should give an outline of the course to be take», in order that they should not be misrepresented by the public press or -elsewhere as to their objects. The occupation of the island of Tahiti was partly a political and partly religious subject ; and though this was a meeting of the friends of protestant mis» sions, he hoped that they would allow him to express his opinions on the subject, either as regarded the general intérêts of mankind, or of France, England, Tahiti, or the interests of religion [bear, hear.] They were aware that Tahiti was the first scene of English missionary labours, for some time little good appeared to result from those labours, when all at once the blossoms and the fruit appeared together ; and the circumstances reminded one of the pro- phecy, that a nation should be bom in one day [cheers.] He then proceeded to detail the whole history of the French proceedings ! In 1836, a small vessel from Gambier'» island brought to Tahiti two Roman catholic priests, natives of France. They did not land at the usual anchorage, but clandestinely, on the opposite side of the island. This proceed- ing being1 in' contravention of a long-estab- lished law of the inland, that " no master or commander of a vessel is allowed to land any passenger without special permission from the Queen and governors," the strangers were desired to leave the island, and, upon their obstinate refusal, they were conveyed back to their vessel without the slightest injury either to their persons or property. He did not contend as a citizen of England against the 'Roman catholics landing at Tahiti. If the Horoan catholics supposed that they possessed the truth, he did not object to their spreading the truth by reason and argument, and he relied on maintaining the protestant religion by the force of truth. Protestants might always rely on being able to defend their own faith. On the 30th August, 1838, the Venus, 64-gun frigate, commanded by Captain (now Admiral) Â. Du Petit Tbouars, arrived off Tahiti, and her captain demanded that the Queen should apologise, and pay down 2,000 dolían, as an indemnification to. the priests for the' ill-treat- ment and losses they hud sustained, and, threatened, in case of refusal, thai hostilities would be immediately commenced. ,As it was impossible for the native government to raiso the sum demanded in the short space of twenty four' hours, in order to save the islands from the horrors of war, certain of the foreign resi- dents kindly advanced that amount, and the Queen wrote a letter of apology, thus extorted at the mouth of the cannon". In April, 1839, another French frigate arrived at Tahiti. Having sustained much damage on the reef, she put into Papeete, the principal barbour, for repair. This occupied nearly three months, and .during the period the most valuable assistance was rendered by the natives in accomplishing the work. These acts of 'kindness and hos- pitality the commodore repaid by obliging the Queen to' abrogate the law which excluded papists from 'settling on the island, under the threat of landing 500 men for the purpose of establishing a new government. From this period the catholic missionaries bave had equal liberty with others. On the11 lth May, 1842, the Tahitians were again visited by a French ahip-of- war, the L'Aube, a corvette of twenty four guns. Captain Dubiiset. On this occasion the Queen was subjected' to the humiliation of -disbanding her police force at the command of the captain, because, in the discharge of their duty, they had put the commander of a French whaler into confinement for drupkenness and riot. On September 1st, the French frigate of war, sixty guns, the Reine Blanche, Admiral A. Du Petit Thouars, arrived at Papeete. For a few days all appeared quiet on board, and pro- fessions of peace were extensively circulated by the French. On the 5tb, messengers were despatched to the Queen, who iras staying at Eimeo (daily expecting confinement,) as also to the principal chiefs, requesting them to come tiT Papeete, that the admiral might pay his respects'to them: and, in consequence, all understood that his errand was pf a friendly cIjaYâctér, ' Orí the 8t)) tbV principal chiefs arrived and d|ned on board with the admiral, and, qn the; same day, a meeting was, held between the chiefs and the French* The same evening the British vice-consul and tba Ameri- can consul received an official document from th'e'ship,' statine that differances existed between th^ Tahitian and French'governments, which' would, 'probably lead to hostilities, and all British and American subjects were warned to sedtire tbejr persons and property. Early on the 'following morojng it was ascertained that the expected; meeting had been anticipated by a secret one held during the night between four priQCiparchiëfs and the'French. At this meet- ing, an tmportantdocument was drawn up and .j|hed:- * ' ' "XO TUB ADMIUAL A. DU «TIT THOUABS. M Because wa are not able lo govern in our own kingdom, in' the present circumstances, so as to har mass* with foreign gOwerhmetits : ' lest our land, our MagdoftV and our liberty should become that of ahotnerVwe, the Queen and principal chiefs of Tahiti, write u> joui to asa that the shadow of the King of the FtmcfeWr be thrown over us,' on the following condi tsmu ' > ' ' ' ! - * ' ' ".. 1. That the title and the government of the Queen, and the authority «IM of tile principar chiefs, remain iwthertiselresom their people. -?*'*. 'lae* tit laws and observances be established in the name of ihe Queen, and nave her signature attached ' tattle», IO render them bindirifc on her subjects. -».&> That the lands Of the Queen and ail her people ?hall 'remain in tbeir own bands, and all discussions about laúd» 'shall be among themselves. Foreigners .hall norlntertVre. ' "' " ' \- «4. 'lh«t etery man shall follow that religion which accords with his own desire. No one shall' influence MM in his thoughts towards God. ' ~-"ft. 'J hat the'places of worship belonging to the English missionaries,' which are now' known, shall remain unmolested,'«lid the liritish missionaries shall continue to perform the duties of their office. " 6. Persons of all other persuaiions'shall be entitled to equal privileges. "On these conditions, if agreeable, the.Queen and chiels solicit the protection of the King of the French. The affairs concerning foreign governments, and also concerning foreign residents at Tahiti,' are to be left with the French government and with the officer ap- pointed with that government, such as port regulations, &c.; &c.; ; and with them shall rest all those functions which are calculated to produce harmony and peace." We bad not the right to say whether the Queen should be under one' influence or another; ,but we had the right to «ee that the should not be compelled to be placed under French domination. It ^ight be" in the recol- lection of '' many present, that an application had been made tb Mr. Canning, by the late king Tomare, to be placed undqr British protec- tion, and to use the British flag. Mr. Canning! replied that he could not permit him to use the; British flag, but would give all the prqtection . he could to a friendly power at so remote a dis- tance. We were, therefore, in a sort of alliance with the Queen, and abe had a right to our protection. If this were so, was the conduct just on the part of the French government, or rather of the French admiral-for he should be sorry to connect that conduct with the French government ?" Several other gentlemen addressed the meet- ing, and the following resolutions were eventually adopted : 1\. That this Meeting, representing different sections of the Protestant Christian Church of Uritain, has received, with feelings of the deepest sorrow und the strongest reprehension, the intelligence of'the unjust assumption of sovereignty by the French power in the Island of Tahiti, and the establishment by force of the system of Popery in that Island ¡'that it regards the treaty by which the Native Government was constrained to sacrifice its independence as the result solely of ex- tortion and violence-means no less at variance with the character of a brave and gallant nation, than with the principles of political and social justice. And although this meeting, confiding in the omni- potence of truth, and the sure support of its Divine Author, utterly repudiates the principle of restriction and coercion towards other systems of religious belief for the purpose of upholding exclusively the interests of Protestantism, it cannot but regard theSmpositfon of Popery by the arms of France on the Christianized natives of Polynesia, as tlie grossest violation of reli- gious liberty, and as evincing the spirit of proselytism rather than the power of Christian benevolence. That against these acts of violence and injustice, this Meeting hereby records its decided and solemn protest, while it still indulges the hope that no motive will induce the Government of France to compromise its honour, by confirming the aggression of its Admiral upon a defenceless people, a proceeding which could not fail greatly to weaken those feelings of a sincere good-will and amity which are cherished towards France by the best classes of the English people, and to awaken throughout the Protestant world astonishment, grief, an'd indignation 2\. That this Meeting hereby expresses its sincere sympathy with the deeply injured Queen of Tahiti, under the cruelty, injustice, end oppression, by which she has been deprived of her' authority and indepen- dence-with the Missionaries of Christ labouring in that island, under the hindrances to their success and the danger to their liberties, which they may justly apprehend from the teachers and supporters of Popery, and with the Tahitian Churches under the fearful trial of fidelity and steadfastness by which they are now visited ; and this meeting devoutly trusts that the God of all grace will enable His faithful ministers, by pure* ness, by knowledge, by long suffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteous- ness on the right hand and on the left, successfully to encounter the advocates of error, and that He will guard the purity of the infant Churches, and preserve the islanders in general, amidst the allurements of superstition and the temptations to vice with which tbey may hereafter be assailed. 3\. That although this Meeting cannot but deplore the imposition of tbe principles and rites of Popery on a people but recently emerged from Pagan darkness, it nevertheless devoutly recognises, in this painful dis- pensation, the wise and holy providence of God, and trusting in His faithfulness and mercy, this Meeting humbly prays that he will make the wrath of man to praise Hird, by overruling injustice and oppression for the furtherance of the Gospel, and by securing, from the renewed hostility of an apostate' Church, brighter triumphs for the Saviour in the final overthrow of Antichrist and the redemption of the world. 4\. That this meeting affectionately and urgently in- vites the Protestant Churches of Britain, of Europe, of America, and throughout the world, to unite in the public reprobation of this act of French aggression and popish intrigue, and to employ all appropriate and Eacific means fur restoring to the Queen of Tahiti and er people the enjoyment of their independence, and also for preventing any similar outrage on the civil rights and religious freedom of the other evangelised islanders of Polynesia. Also that a memorial, embodying the sentiments ex- pressed in the preceding resolutions, be presented to Her Majesty's Government, the same being first signed by the Chairman and other members of this assembly. London Nonconformist, April 19. 