OUR OPENING ADDRESS. To-day we give birth to our literary bantling; but who will cast its nativity and tell us its future fate ? Is it born to greatness, or is greatness to be thrust upon it ? Answer, you astrologers, soothsayers, and fortunetellers, who pretend that you can draw aside the veil of futurity and show your credulous dupes " the end from the beginning," does it open its eyes under a threepenny halfpenny planet never to be worth sixpence, or is it to run the race of honourable competition and win the golden prize of literary and commercial merit ? In a word, is it to live long and be blessed with many children (we ask its pardon we mean subscribers), or, having passed a ricketty infancy, is it to die of water on the brain (if it have any), expire in convulsions, or give up the ghost from inanition ? Whatever may be its fate its appearance is a typo- graphical miracle, being produced under circumstances of almost unparalleled mechanical difficulties which we could not foresee, and which arose too late to obviate. We have heard of making bricks without straw, of setting up types at sea, and of printing papers in a mangle; and we have read of many of brother Jonathan's curious shifts, at a pinch, to publish his broad sheet. Ours has been published in the teeth of a combination of all these. But published it is, in spite of every obstacle; and whilst we owe our kind friends and the public many apologies for the imperfections of onr first number, we send it forth with a very sincere hope that we shall be able to claim a share of their patronage. The present periodical will be found to differ alto- gether in features from any which has emanated from the press of this Colony. We oppose no party, we assume no dogma, so as to render ourselves open in any degree to the charge of partisanship. Party-spirit, party-writing, and party-trading we altogether disclaim. But our prospectus has been sufficiently long before the public to inform them of our plan and principles To the course we have therein chalked out for ourselves we intend steadily to adhere, satisfied that it is the one which will be most acceptable to our readers and best calculated to advance the real interests of our adopted land. But we dislike lengthy exordiums, laboured apolo- gies, and empty professions; and so we take leave of our intended readers (numerous we hope to call them) with the wish of the Spaniard " That they may live a thousand years"—adding, " and may they continue to take in the Adelaide Observer while they live." 