ENGLISH EXTRACTS. THE FRENCH BARBER, OR A NEW J METHOD OF BOOKKEEPING. SOME time since, a barber was brought before the Police Court, at Paris, charged with having customers in his house after midnight. The examination is thus reported BARBERIE is the fault of this person Merton, who is in the court ; as he has not time to be shaved during the day, he will come to be shaved late at night. PRESIDENT You ought not, at all events, to disturb the public peace : there were cries issuing from your house, as if you had been committing murder. MERLON.-Ile was shaving-that's almost the same thing. (Laughter.) The PRESIDENT Was it you then, Merton, who was crying out as if you were being Hayed ? MELON. Yes, in fact he was playing means general laugh) he was cutting me horribly. The Barbers' is true, but I made a a mistake. Melton. Did you not mean then to cut me? The Barbers' did not say that. (Pro- longed laughter.) I certainly did not mean to cut deep. (Loud and continued laughter.) The Pi evident. Did you then cut him on ] purpose The Barber. Indeed I did, in the spirit of my order. You understand one does not like to be below his business. The President and Mellon together. And why The Harbor-The whole affair is this M. Merlou is not to be trusted, as he does not pay ready money. He used to cheat me in the number of shares for which he owed me ; when he had twelve he used to say he only had six, so that I lost both my razor, my soap, and my time. At last I devised a mode of keeping a reckon- ing not to be disputed. The President How was that? The BARBER Every time that I shave him I make a notch in his check (general laughter) when we count we look up at his cheek so many matches, so many shaves (renewed laughter) but the other day the razor turned in my hand. I made the figure too large, and it was this which made him cry out and disturb the neighbourhood. Amidst general laughter the barber was condemned to pay the full penalty, and the President advised him to renounce in future his new system of keeping accounts. THE noosiERS.-Walking by the lake- side this evening, I found a regular encamp- ment otlloosicrs. They are a genus of the pedlar tribe, having a dash of the tinker and freebooter in their veins. Hat ing heard the word Iloosier pronounced with respect, mingled" with fear, in the Eastern States, I was happy to fall in with those respectable ogres. Their large covered waggons were drawn up in hollow squares on the 'lake shore; and their horses, tethered and harnessed, browsed upon the stunted grass. Here and there fires were blazing, pots boiling, pork toasting. The gaunt uncouth figures of the Roosters, as they strode about their waggons, pulling clouds of smoke from pipes and even cigars, reminded me of the tall cavaliers and muleteers lounging about a Spanish bivouac. They (the hosiers, not ca- valuers) had sold the wheat they had collected through the country to the corn factors and speculators in' Chicago for six York shillings per bushel, realizing some two or three shillings per bushel more than they had paid for the same and the empty sacks being piled upon the waggons, formed convenient beds, upon which some half dozen shooters were already wrapped in the arms of Morpheus. Some of the horses were tall and well shaped, combining blood, bone, and sinew enough for English carriage horses. I noticed particularly a span or team of well-matched roans, snorting about one of the waggons ; till the hoosier thrust his head from under the cover, and regarding the horses with a sour countenance, gravely asked them what they wanted what they meant by keeping up " such a 'trial blowing about the waggon ?" The horses, thus rebuked, kicked till the boo- zier pulled in his head, and then they advanced and began snorting and pawing, as before. This roused the hoosiers indigna- tion and this time, his head, shoulders, and half his rank body, wasthrustforth from under the waggon cloth "Haven't you had your oats?" he exclaimed, shaking his fist at the steeds ; " a bushel between ye ! and what does want, zay ?" The horses had re- ported as before ; but now the off wheeler advanced, stretched out his neck and stared at his master, while he shook himself so violently that the heavy saddle (in which the freezers ride like Even in postillions) and harness rattled again. " He, is that all you want ?" said the boozer and speaking to a boy at one of the fires, he bade him unsaddle the horse, and let him roll to her if he pleased. Life in the West. SURVEY OF THE EASTERN SEAS. Since we have " piping times of peace" before us, we cannot do better than give our attention to matters connected with the business that peace invariably makes our primary occupation. The safety of our shipping is, in point of importance, undeniably to be ranked at the head of all considerations touching either commercial prosperity or domestic satisfaction; for who is there that has not some relative or friend committed, at one period or the other, to the dangers of the "vasty deep !" We advert to this subject the more willingly, as we deem it advisable the earliest steps should be taken to ascertain, with correctness,' the exact position where a danger or a difficulty is asserted to exist. Our readers will remember that a shoal has been recently discovered in the Bay of Bengal, lying directly in the track of vessels bound to or coming from Madras, or Ports to the Southward of Bombay-in fact of all ships and this, coupled with the late loss of the Maid main in the China Seas, upon a rock not laid down in any of our charts, and added to the circumstances that access has been had to several Spanish maps exhibiting rocks and shoals not traced upon our own, points out how imperative is the necessity for fresh surveys, in order to learn with precision the exact bearing of such impediments, at a time when the Eastern Seas are covered with ships of both royal and mercantile services. The surveys of Captains Ross and Moresby, admirable as far as they go, and only imperfect, because the very nature of those shoals make them of sudden appearance from the growth of the earth, and the working of the insect, are no longer to be implicitly depended on, as is indeed evidenced by the discovery promulgated on the announcement of the officer commanding the Patriot. The Indian seas are daily becoming more frequented and if, fortunately, our pacific relations with China continue uninterrupted, the augmentation of trade bids fair to be immense, and should be guarded accordingly, while the renewal of hostilities, by keeping our war vessels and transports in this hemisphere, would render correctness in of our maritime surveys alike indispensable so that, viewed in any light, we can hardly I err in recommending to the direct attend tion of the authorities, the mission of a survey ship to every quarter where dangers are understood to be found Englishman. LITERARY INTELLIGENCE-The understand that Mr. Shillibeer has placed one of his funeral conveyances at the disposal of a well-known dramatist, whose rooms, from the accumulation of deceased made- drames, had become inconveniently crowded. The unfortunate defunct are to be interred either at Harrow, in accordance with their frightful character, or at Nunhead, as being more appropriate to the peculiar position of their author Mr. Pennyline started one morning last week to Bayswater, on a tour of observation, to watch the progress of the new buildings, and remark on the occurrence of any accident among the men engaged on them. He had the good ' fortune to witness the precipitation of a bricklayer's labourer from the top of a ladder, when he immediately made the melancholy circumstance the subject of a very vigorous and impressive paragraph. Mr. Silly boy, the popular author of the charming ballad "Brush back that Bring Tear," has another song on the same subject nearly ready. It commences with " Wipe off this nearly drop," and is said to be in many respects equal to its predecessor. It is, we believe, intended for publication, but it is doubtful whether the gifted author will carry out his intention so far as to publish it. The new novel of the Crusaders of Clapham is said to be in the press ; but we believe the fact, to be, that the only press it is in is the author's cupboard, where it is likely to continue. The neat little romance of Knightsbridge us it is-Brompton us it was-and Fulham as it ought to be, is still in the hands of a celebrated bibliophile, who has promised an early perusal, with a view to an arrangement for its speedy publication, if the incidents are not considered rather too powerful for the present quiet taste which regulates book-reading. One chapter, in which Fulham is compared to Elysium, and the ghost of Time is represented as walking arm-in-arm with the shadow of Eternity in the enclosure of Brompton Square, is said to be one of the most powerful pieces of fiction that was ever written. Punch. 