Ot? r aital (fLortrr tpOiO Clr iCct . rnu. Enrona-Tle many canl but rejoice at your purpose of advocating their interests in the columns f a paper so popular as the Mlorning Chronicle has -'er been; and among those who join hands with you are those independent cattagers and tenants at long leases, whom you have so palticularly compii meoted in your debut. I perceive in a letter written by " Australian Green," in this day's Herald (30th .. November, some excellent suggestions, and well worthy of the approval of our enlightened Governor, and rejoice, moreover, to see some of the principles it contains more disseminated, It suggests the sub. division of sections of land into small farms at 5s-or Gs per acre, payable after a certain number of years, on easy terms, and without interest, when the pro. perty shall be finally transferred to the parties, or, in default of payment, forfeited back to the govern ment, with all the improvements that might have been made on it; thlus affording every facility to poor but industrious emigrants and others ; at the same time, and in all cases, securing a return to government equivalent to the outlay which it may have advanced. Such a plan has long been a de sideratum. It cannot fail to call forth much latent energy and industry, and to provide.an opening to thlousands of well-deserving persons to raise theat selves to a competency and to respectability. The ceighbourhood ol toavns would, perhaps, be prefer. able for such an experiment, to the line of coast proposed, as affording readier markets, a better sale, and a price for produce, which is the encouragement to industry, and also as offering far better oppor. tunities than. the distant interior, for social inter course and moral instruction. As the final view of any government is [to produce the greatest quantity of happiness, and as this hlappiness can be made up only but by that of individuals possessing the moans of healthy'subsistence, and as this happiness can be diffused only in proportion to their numbers; the avant of such a oputlation in this colony, as " Aus. tralian" observes,, must be the greatest evil the colony can suffer. But with the encouragements he proposes, if carried into effect, the face of things must change. In the first place, it would help ma terially to do away with the present.general misery of the times, which, continuing much longer, ,must infallibly increase the difliculty of maintaining families, and .in the act as a direct impedient to marriage. We should -then have to deplore an additional check on our population, and afford easuses to the vicious-and where are there none ? to palliate-the guilt and infamy of licentious in dulgences. In the second place, with the encou sagements proposed, men of small capital, and they are tihe most numerous class, would be induced to settle ; witll such encouragements, but not without tltems, men will marry, and of what avail if the laned is fertile, if it is not distributed ? Distribution is of equal consequence as tlheproduction, a sentiment of Paley, but which our .large landholders may not relish. Those well known principles wlticla have served to raise other most flourishing states, are they not applicable to this colony also 1 viz., that its population will increase with the means of sub sistence; that these are to be raised in proportion to the lahout and industry applied-; that this labour, this iadustry, are supplied in 'proportion only to the .direct and personal interest wllich-is felt-such an interest, in short, and no other as tihe individual feels in property which is-his owni, Hence-the more ,dependent, the more his state approaches to that ofl the mere labourer or hireling, the less will he mani fest of activity and industry ; on the contrary, the nearer approach he makes to a statement of compes. tent independence; the more readily are his facul ties sharpened and improved, the -more do the •agsicultural and other resources of the country, in a word, the riches of a state, become developed. Hence the true measure of the progress end ad. .vance -of the colony will have to be sought for, .ultimately, is toe numeracal strength of landholders, or in other words in the division and distribution of lands ; and which should, consequently, be made oen the easiest terms that;cani be proposed. THE GHOST OF VOLNEY. Nov.43O, 1843. 