-o Mi. ErITou-In your last there appeared some notes of " Dickens," wherewith in general none can but fully agree. The tendency of some of these remarks, however, seems calculated. I fear, to leave an erroneous impression, or cause a despondency in the minds of many honest settlers, who, while toil ing in the bush for a competency and independen-e, read the Chronicle with avidity, frequently the only book in their hut, and which is made use of to teach their little ones to read and spell. The " note" in question appears to hold out riches as the school in which virtues are best practised, indeed the source of virtue and of every good quality; and poverty in general, or rather the absence of the means of luxury, as a state quite unfit and ungenial to the growth of moral good. There seems to pervade througnout a sneer at the nominally poor, even at marriage in that humble state, which excludes even the industrious and independent man, whose labour enables him to provide his children and " loving lips with unborrowed bread," to use the expression of a settler, in an excellent article on the matter in the last number of the " Neo Southl Wales Moga. sinse, and for this purpose we are presented with a picture of a family where starvation reigns, where, instead of the ',eandearments of phildhood in its sweetest aspect, with silken dress and jewels knot ting braided hair," one shall see in those young things, who climb about their wretched parents' knees; " not records of their wealth and name, but little wrestlers with them for their daily bread, so many poachers on their scanty meals." A picture, in short, of horrid want and consequent slavery, and equally with enormous riches, the greatest enemies of virtue and excellence. Is this argument a fair one, Mr. Editor 1 It is given to but few men to be gentle and good humoured amidst the various tor tments attendant on pinching poverty, and those who are so are deserving of double honour, as Dickens well remarks; but then this applies equally to riches, for, . If a saint in crape be twice a saint In lawn," the man in a coronet has also twice the chance of our favorable judgment. But on this subject the following is admirably to the purpose. Extreme " poverty," says Cobbett, " leads to all sorts of evil consequences. IYWant, horrid want, is the great parent of crime. I lay it down as a maxim, that for a family to be happy, they must be well supplied with food anrd raimetnt. It is a sorry effort that people make to persuade others, or to persuade themselves that they can be happy in a slate of want of the necessaries of life. Instead, therefore, of applauding happy poverty, which applause is so tiuch the fashion of the present day, I despise the tan that is poor and contented, for such content is u certain proof of a base disposition, which is the enemy of all industry, all exertion, of love of inde. pendence, a doctrine also which has a pernicious tendency, and is calculated to favor tyrants by giv. ing them passive slaves. Let it be understood, however, that by poverty I mean real rsant, a real insufficiency of food and raiment and lodging necessary to health and de. cency, and not that imaginary poverty of which some persons complain. The man who by his own and his family's labour can provide a sufficiency of food and raiment, and a comfortable dwelling place, is not a poor man. Such a state of comparative poverty is the parent of independence, and of every imanly virtue (not to be exchanged for government ituations, ten thousand a year with slavery and pageantry); not so hereditary or accidental riches, as the paragraph in question insinuates, where the possessor is frequently devoid of every particle of personal merit. But to resume Cobbett:-" There must he different ranks and degrees in every civil society; and indeed so it is even among the savage tribes. There must be different degrees of wealth. Some must have more than others, and the richest must be a great deal richer than the least rich. A competence is therefore the first thing to be thought of. It is the foundation of all good in the cottager's dwelling; without it little but misery can be ex. pected. The man who wants is a slave. Health, eace, and competence, one of the wisest men regards aos the only things needful to man; but the two former can scarcely he had without the latter. Com potence is the foundation of happiness and of exer tion. Beset with wants, having a mind continually harassed with fears of starvation, who can act with energy 1 who can calmly thiuk ? To provide, there. fore, a good living is the very first duty of every man." " Two things," says Agur, " haveI asked, deny me not them before I die; remove far from me vanity and lies ; give me neitherpoverty nor riches; feed me with food convenient for me, lest I be full and deny thee, or lest I be poor and steal." THE GHOST OF COBBETT. 