ELECTIONEERING BALLADS, No. 3. (HIS WORSHIP'S ADDRESS) My Gentlemen all! now do listen to me Till I tell what a Parliament man I shall be; My pretensions I'll state, what good things I'll support, And how in the Council I'll show so much sport,, My task I have off, it was written for me, And I have it as pat as my A. B. C. D. If in for the Town, I'm a good little boy, The Doctor's my master, his pupil am I; I'll stick up thick and thin for this Mountebanck's 's tricks, Submit to his foibles and back him like bricks ; Though a bigot is he of the cleanest of waters, I'll shout him right bang through his tirades and slaughters. To the larniment first I'll devote all myself, For when I was a younker I was thrown on the shelf, Being mammy's young pet and indulged by papa, I left all my studies at B.L.A. Bla, And the rest of my lawmaking qualifications I've come by them all through divine inspiration. Immigration my dears, I extremely admire, And Glenelg's bounty system I greatly desire; And as for separation, that " question of questions," I get into his views without any reflection, I'm the tool of the Doctor, for him I will fight, Should the Doctor say do now, I'd say black was white. When I go up to Sydney and leave the big chair, His Monkeyship, Noodle, will then be your Mayor, O'er the head of the table now smelling of Swipes, Will then be bespathered with puddings and tripes ; Poor imbecile B— v— r will shout a ha ! ha ! And Johnny will frisk like a Pascoville ma. I think to the Council I'm summoned by fate. If you think I am raving, pray look at my pate; Physiognomists say I'm peculiarly fitted ! Short-sighted, short-winded, short-headed, short- witted . For the present farewell, and to-morrow you'll see me There's a good lot of brazen-faced nonsense in me. Phiz. June 14. A man there was in Melbourne once, And Condell was his name, And day and night, "twas his delight, To publish forth hir fame. A clique they say, made him a Mayor, Because he had a good pate. Who wrote to Gov'nor Georgy Gipps, Who makes him a Magistrate. Yet not contented with his lot, He seeks for higher station, And to the Council fain must go, To represent the nation. But pride, alas ! must have a fall, As ancient poets say, An ugly Curr came to the town, And said he'd win the day. The Mayor he made a splendid speech, And talked of Separation, But did not say a word about, The Melbourne Corporation, Of which he's the distinguished head, And also a J.P; And consequently he must be fit, To make an M. L. C. But should the Mayor by chance get in, T'will make all Sydney stare, To see us send a ghost like him, To represent us there. So Condell, pray take our advice, And drink beer in a bumper, Go home and kiss the little Mayors, And give to Curr a plumper. 